NEWS of the WEEK. KANOWNA PUBLIC HOSPITAL.—Our Kanowna correspondent wired on the 7th:— The balance of the public hospital shows a credit balance of over £400. TENDERS.—Tenders were opened at the Public Works Department for "the following contract, for which the lowest tender was : Coolgardie Post-office additions, J. Summerland. = THE HOSPITAL.—For the second time in two days we have to give the pleasing intelligence that there were no admissions to the hospital, such being the report of the secretary (Mr. M'Phee) for July 7. This may be taken as a sign that typhoid is abating. A " BARKING LIZARD." — Some fifty miles west of the Ouldea Wells the Government Geologist of South Australia, Mr. H. Y. L. ^rown, a few weekB ago picked up a specimen of what is called by the bushmen the " barking lizard." It has a big "bulldog ' head, a soft brownish skin,.with wliits mark-, ings, and long.slender'-, legs.' The qnly sound it makeis is 5 a hissiBgiKrfse. " Mr. Brown js sending^ the,lifcard, which has eaten nothing since ita capture, to Professor Spcnier, of the Melbourne University, as a curiosity. JUBILEE STAM?8.-^The basis, of the de- , sign selected by'ttie Prince of Wales for the Jubilee [Hospital- stamp is taken from Sir Joshua Reynolds, whose well-known picture of " Charity/' executed for one of the Virtues in New College Chapjl, psford, is the most appropriate designjthat coijld ha.ve been selected, embodying as it does a beautiful picture with Mrs. Sheridan as the chief figure. Valuable assistance has been rendered by Mr, De la Rue and by Mr, Purcell, the Controller of Stamps. The engraving could only be executed'by the most skilled hand. After the matrix had been produced and hardened, it had to be rolled into the steel plate under a pressure of 20 tons, given by a lever set in motion by the foot of the operator, and each impression had to be rolled in separately, the greatest care being taken to adjust the proper distances, and a magnifying glass being con. stantly in use. Each plate contains a double sheet of 80, in which one false impression would spoil the whole. NORTHERN TERRITORY BLACKS — In course of conversation with a Register representative, Murif, the transcontinental cyclist, said an uneasy feeling exists in the Far North and in the Territory regarding the incretsing boldness of the aboriginale. " In some parts," he remarked, " ft has- been found desirable to remove cattle owing to so many being speared by the natives, whilst lesser outrages are frequently perpetrated. Xwo men were in custody for spearing a Chinaman as he passed along. The aboriginals have no fear of gaol, whilst if a white man hits them they at once say, 'Tell'um Mister Dashwood.' The natives boast of .having driven the tyhjte men from some parts, and they have become eo bold that, where possible, stations are being strengthened with additional whites and firearms. Settlers along the line are becoming alarmed, and urge tbat the blackB should be more severely dealt with by the authorities when brought before them. It is stated that the natives are on the increase instead of decrease, as generally supposed." STORAGE OF CHAFF AND GRAIN AT RAILWAY STATIONS.—The following resolution, passed by the recent conference of producers, was forwarded a few days ago to the Commissioner of Kail ways by the secretary to the Agricultural Bureau (Mr. L. Lindley-Cowen) :—" That in the opinion of this conference the Government Bhould be asked to build shed accommodation for the storage of chaff and grain at all stations and sidings on the railways, and that such shed accommodation should bi in proportion to the requirements of such station' or siding." Mr. Lindley - Cowen has received the following reply from the Department:—I am directed by the Commissioner of Railways to inform you that the matter has been fully considered by hiWj' and that in every instance where the business is likely to be sufficient to justify it, instructions have been given that an ordinary shed be erected, which can be made use of for small lots awaiting consignment. The Commissioner also desires me to point out that good roads are now being made to all stations, and he considers that the erecting of the large sheds mentioned in the above resolution is a matter for private enterprise. (Signed) ALPIN F. THOMSON, Under-Secretary for Railways. MENZIES GOLD CONSIGNMENT.— The monthly consignment of gold to the mint from the various banks in Menzies consisted of 6000oz. This parcel reached Coolgardie in time to be included in the I 7,000oz which was taken to Perth on the 5th. THE RECREATION GROUND.—One of the Perth sporting papers has taVen the committee of management of the Coolga'die ground to task, for letting the Kalgoorlie people get ahead of them in the matter of improving their cycling track. We learn that the committee have not until lately had the funds that would justify them mak- ing any extensive improvements to the ground, but last week a lisit was paid to the reserve, when Mr. H. S. King, the Government Surveyor, submitted a plan for a new track, which was generally apapproved. It would be as well as for the committee to take the public into their confidence in regard to the exact financial position, as, until this is known, the policy of the committee is bound to be misunderstoo i. THE INDUSTRIAL BACKBONE. — On the 5th over 17,000oz of gold left Coolgardie for Perth. Included in the amount was 6,000oz from Menzies chiefly consigned by the Western Australian and Union Banks, which arrived in the morniDg under escort of Constable Harris. Inspector M'Kenna, Sergeant Sellenger, and five constables, the majority of whom are engaged in the criminal sessions at Perth, formed the escort to the metropolis. QUARTERLY REGISTRATION OF VOTES.— Mr. J. M. Finnerty, R.M., during the intervals of hie court work on the 6 th received the July quarter applications for registration on the voters' roll. Altogether 154 applications were received for the Legislative Assembly (most of them being baseS on a residence qualification) and 21 for the North-East Province. These will, after revision, be placet* on the rolls next October. Twelve registrations have been placed on the present quarters' roll from last quarter Coming so soon afte: the resent elections the num-. ber of applications speaks well for the political alertness of the community.' " OUR BOYS."—In connection with the re : cent performance of " Out Boys" at the Theatre Royal, a meeting was held on this 6th in the Mechanics' Institute. Mr. •Creswell presided, and accounts having bBen sub-, mitted, the chairman announced that the. nett profit had bsen £67 Is 6d. Out of this £22 10s had gone to discharge the liabilities of the Stragglers' Cricket Club, and the balance had been presented to Mrs. G. CJStieau as a mark of esteem. Mr. Cresswell expressed himself as very pleased with the result. Mr. Francis acknowleigad the thanks. of the Stragglers' Cricket Club, and Mr. and Mrs. C«Btieau also expressed their acknowledgments of the result of the benefit. The meeting terminated with votes of thanks to the chairman and to the hon. secretary, Mr. H. B. M'Cormick. MR. H. GREGORY, MP.—The parliamentary representative of the North Coolgardie electorate, Mr. H. Gregory, M.P.. arrived in Coo'gardie on the 7ui. Mr. Gregory, who is accompanied by his wife, left next day for Perth HEROIC BRAVERY.—An action which well deserves to be rewarded by the bestowal of the Victoria Criss on the performer is reported from the Central • Boulder mine, says a local paper. Two men engaged in sinking the main stnft balow the 150ft level had bored two holes, charged them, aid started up the ladders for the 100ft level to await the explosion. When about half' way up the 50ft climb, the second man, who had lighted the fusss fell from the ladder and lay appirently lifeless at the bottom of the shaft. His mate, Dooley, heard the fallen mai's cry, and at once reiiising the position rapidly descended to the bottom of the pit and snatched the burning fuses from the holes. Fortunately he was able to do this bafore the charges were set off, and what promiseiio be- a gruesome tragedy ended APPRECIATION.—The Murckmn, 'limes siys :—<The. WESTERN AUSTRALIAN GOLD- FIELDS COURIER, Coolgardie, has turned out a remarkably creditable production in the shape of an illustrated supplement. It contains a large numbsr of views from the various centres. - The views, ., which- are. printed in colors, are beautifully brought out. We are bestowing but mild praise when we state, that it is the best supplement of its kind ever produced in this, colony. We are in receipt of a copy of the supplement, which may be seen at our office. AN ALBANY-.SCA.RE.—A correspondent at Albany writes,;—"What they call here, ' Spring-heel Jack, 1 • OT the ' Albany Ghost,' is scaring, a number of the residents. At first,-the appirition confined his attention to the jPeirCIi road, and the lonely roads about Mt. Melville, but oi parties of men and the police setting a watch for him he abandoned • those haunts for the Recreation Ground, and the roads in. .its. vicinity, Now he has been seen near the Telegraph Office. His iimdue operandi appears to be as follows :—He dresse3 in a very light or white chesterfield coat, and suddenly appears beside, or a'little in front of his proposed victim (usually a woman or a lad) when he throws opsn his coat and displays the repre- sentatiyn of a coffin, and the words—" Tour doom is nigh," written in some phosphorescent substance on his vest, or whatever garment it is he wears. On his face the creature wears a black mask. If anyone attempts to seizi him, he throws a liquid substance over his would-be captors, and as this is believed to be vitriol, his manoeuvres have so far met with success, the fear of the vitriol having an especially scireiog effect. One half of the people are now terrified to go out alone." GOVERNMENT LAND SALES.—The FIWW/Imcut Gazette announces sales of Government lands to take pla:e at the undermenmentioned places on the following dates :— Coolgardie, July 21 ; Kalgoorlie, July 23. A GRUESOME DISCOVERY.—On the 5th a report was received from two prospectors name! George Green and Edward Jansen, who were prospecting on block 48 of the Hampton Plains, near a Gnamma hole, six miles from Wollabar, when they came across some human bones. There were no indications on the spot to show whether they belonged to a white mail or aboriginal. The theory is that the man might have besn looking for water, and perished. One leg and one arm were missing, and it is thought that they must have been carried' away by dingoes which are often seen in the locality. By appearances, the man must have been dead many months. KALGOORLIE POLICE COURT.—In the Kalgoorlie Police Court, on the 5th, Henry Parera. a Cingalese, was charged with shooting with intent to murder Michael Burt on Saturday night. Accused was remanded for eight days, bail being refused. A' charge against Maggie Leddon, of sly grog selling, was withdrawn. Thos. Robinson pleaded guilty to sly grog selling, and was fined £30, with £4 4s. costs. A. B Fyshe, charged with a s'milar offence was acquittei. MR. BARTON ON FEDERATION.—The Son. "E. Bartoii,'leader of the Federation Convention, ban published ah interesting Bpeci&l; article : on the . fkierition question i a the Sydney Telegi-apK: The" writer sums up his arguments in this way :—"After all that has happened and all that is to be seen, is not the onus of argument- ppon him who thinks the Australian ; f i t i n the go. vernment of his provincei bnt^^^o take a share in the governing of h'is'%ojitiiient. The stages which other British communities have passed, or are passing through, are three.:—I.' Colonization under charter or Crown Government. 2. Legislative independence,. with responsible Government. 3\. federation, with further legislative independence, and. closer. attachment to the Empire. The -third of these stages, like the second, is dictated bygrowth in importance and by increasing fit- , nees for self-government. And the third is as inevitable a consequence of the second as the second is of the first. Both the second and the third are stages of the development taring, its form from the principles of British Government—which held their way in America when they were so sadly .'distorted by King George and his Ministers—a development which, under Queen Victoria, has given, and will give, both Empire and colony the same great gifts wherever in the world there is a group of British communities, whose love of freedom will impel them to gain, to uphold, to enlarge, the right and the power of free men to govern themselves." DEATH AT THE HOSPITAL.—Benjamin Graj, aged 39, a patient in the Government Hospital, who came from Kalgoorli?, and who was admitted on the 3rd June, suffering from consumption, died at the institution on the 8th. Deceased was a native of New Z?aland, and he leaves a widow, who lives at Taranaki, New Plymouth. WILLS AND BEQUEST.—The following letters of administration have bean granted : —Mary Akerman, married woman, of Great Boulder to Walter John Ackerman, sworn value, £149; Heory Ratchford Baker, of Menzies, to Almyra Beattie Baker, sworn value, £2,520; Charles John Day, of Kalgoorlie, to Charles Arthur Day, sworn value, £50; James O'Donnell, of Menzies, to Annie O'Donnell, sworn va'ue, £1,510 6s 2d; James Ryan, miner, of Kalgoorlie, to William Ryan, sworn value, £60 ; Charles Robert Tulloch, carpenter, of Menzies, to the West Australian Trustee, Execuior, and Agency.. Company, sworn value, £10$ 3s ad, DEATH OF MB. R. K. OHME.—Mr. R. Knox Orme, who, since the end of May last, had been down with typhoid fever, died on the 8th instant, about six a.m., at his residence, Toorak. The funeral took place in the afternoon, and the remains were interred in the Church of England section of the cemetery. Among others present were : —Messrs. F. S. Harney, T. J. Tobin, A. M'Cormick, Drs. Whyte and Tynan, the staff of Mr. F, js. Harnpy.'iuoffice, and many others. The /service at thegraye was conducted by the Ven, Archdeacon Barton Parkes. The late Mr. Orme was a'^eolicitor, and occupied the position of managing clerk to Mr F. S. Harney. He was., about 34 years of age, and leaves a wHow. Mr. Orme had b:en tin a critical condition for some time past, but hopes were entertained of his recovery. His .medical attendant was Dr. Whyte, but later on Dr, Davy was called in consultation with Dr. .Whyte. Everything wias done that was possible, but the constitution of Mr. Orine was not qqualto the strain, and he passed away, another victim to the scourge of typhoid fever! Last year Mr. Orme was ill for about four -months with a rheumatic affection, which left him hone too strong. He' was. a man of kindly nature, and enjoyed the esteem of a large circle of friends, who keenly feel the! loss of a man who died in. the prime of manhood, and whose good-nature to those h& knew will endear his' memory: The late Mr. . \- Ormes' father waB Warden and Chief'.Magis- trate of Dunolly (Victoria) in the early ; days. This is where the historic Welcome Stranger nugget was found, and it is a coincidence that the son should end his life on a comparatively, new-goldheld. IKHTITUTE CF MBJALLUJIUISTS AND AS- SAYEBS OF WESTERN AUSTBALIA. — A meeting of the metallurgists and assayers of rpolgardie was held on the 8th: at the office, et Means Caradoc James apd Co., with a vietf to form a society which 'would help all. interested in the professions named. Thtte were present : Messrs G. Graves Gifford, Anderson (Bewick, More* ing, a»d . Ocmnpany), Rusha, Horwood, , Stanley, Gocdenough 8harp, Hill, Pudsey, 'Caradoc James, and Rudra. Mr, G. Graves Gilford' wafi voted to the chair, and an* \- nounoed the object elf the meeting, which wasto forta a Society of Metallurgists and Assayer?, toestabliah a closer union socially and intellectually between all . Jhrafe and individuals concerned, and to puptecit their common business intents. It was prop^and u society such as described - should Re formed, and cdl)ed "The Institute of Metallurgy and Assayers .of Western Australia," the sphere of action to extend tlujmghbut Western Australia. j»Hmrittee'*aa formed to .carryjont the objects of the institute, and Mr. JS^qdra was dected Bon&ary; secretary apd tftUnrex, pro tern. Atnobg the bu?inecs discussed and unanimously agreed upon was a fixed.tariff;of feevto cotttt'iato operation , from date. The firms binding themselves ate -.—Messrs. Caradoc Janet and Co., R. A. Rusha and Co., FlegeltAUb and Rudra, Bewick, Moreing and Co., GL Graves Gifford and Co., E. H. HU1, Wright and Pudsey, G. Goodenough Sharp and Co. The rates fixed for assays of gold and silver (for ordinary samples) are as follow : —One sample per month, £1 is ; 10 samples per month, 17B 6d ; 20 samples per month, 16s; over 20 samples per month, 12i 6d. The meeting was informed by a member that one or two firms had inadvertently not been invited to be present. The members expressed regret for the oversight. The secretary will be pleased to receive communications at his office, Sylvester-street, from any metallurgists and aseayers desiring to join the Institute. THE RESIDENCE OF MR. WARDEN FINNERTY, COOLGARDIE. A VIEW OF THE LAK.E VIEW AND GREAT BOULDER MINES. YEBILLA POLICE STATION.—It has been -decided to open a police station at Yeriila, and Constables Macdonald and Sampson, of Menzies, have been despatched thither. THE WATKB SUPPLY DEPARTMENT.— Mr. John Ebbs, resident engineer at Meniies, in charge of the northern district of the Water Supply Department, is suffering from fever and ague, and has gonj to the coast to recruit his health. Mr. Hargreaves, resident «ngineer in charge of No. 2 district, has gone to Meneies to undertake Mr. Ebbs' duties during his absence. MINE MANAGERS AND TRESPASS.—-The Warden at Kalgoorlie on the 6th ruled that mine managers could not sue for trespass onless they held a power of attorney. He said he would like a special case to be stated, but Mr. Jodrell, for the plaintiff, said he would not go to the expense as be could not recover -expenses. He contended emphatically that the decision was wrong. PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT KALGOOBLIB.—• The Kalgoorlie Municipal Council'has received a reply from the Department of Lands. stating that the erection: of public buildings at Kalgoorlfp had been , delayed throughwaiting foSvthe taking .oyer af. £he, railway. prepai^j^^eX work will hie put/ in hapd at oi^ldES^ estimated costol $ie buildings is J^ttOfcjg BATTEBY * I-BA NIAGABA.—A' PRIVETE J party, jpbo are.the propriety bl a leajfe about fix miles north of f Niagara, h^ve pnr- . •chased'.a thrte-he*!.. L^I'.-VUCH Cwlgaidie.ofc the TWs is the battery estkblished -at Niagara; andifresuite prietors propose to mcreaSe the niimber• of . stamps to ten. T&tf; will : thai-be in; fc position to crush for the pnblfc. .. • • . KALGOORLIE BBEWEBY OOMPANY.-^THE half-yearly meeting orthe Kalgoorlie Brewing and Ice Company was held At the Australia Hotel, Kalgoorlie, on the 8th, Or..J P. Lee. presiding. The balance-sheet showed that the profit for the half-year- had been close on <2,000, out of whioh «1254 h*i been advanced in connection , with thebuilding of houses. Owing to the increase •of the overdraft, the diiectors did not feel justified in declaring another dividend just -at present. The services of Mr. Elliott as brewer bad been secured. He had exceeded all expectations. The dividends in the past 'the report was adopted, A vote of thanks was accorded the chairman and directors. &NTABCTIC; EXPLORATION.—The Council -of the South Australian Branch of tite Boyal Geographical Society of Australasia met Mr. Borchgrerihk ou Tuesday afternoon (June 29) and discussed with him the proposal to fit out an expedition to explore and sciflnti-' ficallv examine the Antarctic Continent. Mr. iBofchgreyihk, who is now on his way to Lon- •don, explained to the Council his _>roj© project •trad asked f6r theit co-operation. After -some discussion the following resolution was •carried unanimously:—" That this. Council sympathises With the objects of the proposed .Antarctic expedition, and considers ,uia); it •should be . Australasian in character, , the .v^iiojus,polonies sharing in the cost. It also pledges itself, to use its best efforts to forvard.ihe enterprise,; and ;expresses it6 con ; , ifidenca.in Mr. Borchgreyink as a.leader." A " BOAD BEE."—The usual weekly pic"' •nic to the Golden Bidge Proprietary mines •took place on the 4th inst., several buggy loads of ladies and gentlemen availing themselves of the fine day to take a ran to that locality. The new track was the route •adopted, and it was here that the visitors received a practical illustration of the meaniiigof the words "road bee" on the admirable lines laid down by Mr. Squieers in Nicholas Nickelby." At all projecting trees or bad stumps the drivers stopped* and axes, which had been carefully consealed in the various vehicles long before the hour of starting, were produced and handed round, the leader of the parties explaining' that the removal of the dangerous stamps and trees constituted the "Boad Bee." All the party worked willingly and in a manner that would have done credit to professional woodsmen, and glad- 43ened the heart of the "Grand 014 Man" -had he been permitted to witness the •oeedings. in this manner a sood dee work -was done, and upon the oompletion of -each job a plentiful supply of refwshment& was dealt ont. Upon arrival at the mlne, Captain Williams courteously allowed the visitors to'lnspefct the jtidh speoimens recently taken from' the new lode at the 165ft depth. After partaking of lunchat AsUey's Hotel, the Visitort indulged Jn various pastimes, retuning to Kalgoorlie v&ftj; in tte -eveung.after a thorou^ily en jojabletimfe. COOLGABDIE HOSPITAL. — There were only two patients admitted. to the Government hospital on the 5th—Arthur Hustler, 26, suffering from an injury to the leg, and M. Page, 27, of Coolgardie, fever. THE DEADLY PILGRIMAGE. — Mr. Tom Coward, whose name is well known to all familiar with the exploratory work of brave men in the interior of Australia, writes concerning the tragic ending of Messrs. WELLB and Jones. " The action of the Government in making the obsequies of a semi-official character must commend itself to all. To Perish through lack of water, provisions, ill-health, or the means of transport must be the worst deaths. I have approached Bn t . no Pe. u describe what the feelings must be under the full blaze of a midday tropical sun, shut out from human habitation, resources exhausted, millions of flies surrounding you, crows only waiting for , a favorable chance ; then to think, think, think until the brain is^ateolutelv" e'xhausted and energy gone : at last a happy release jj&death.; The men who do jjg worjj are heroes; and, '^INE KAOWLE^GE,J3 "®^1 exploration was withwt camels, ;T ask the opporthe: deidly pugfitaage «urt our now dsad ,$xplorere undertook, There: are memories of the imst^hutXdare not touch onthemnow." . N&W; ABEiVAiB.—Among recent arrivals in the colony ace Messrs. EdvrardSkewes andOhristpl Kay. Mr. Skewea, who comes from Cripple Creek, : Colorado, [take over the control of Bould^ 'MahT"^ w^^i^ir,. is manager Kafedorlie. of a company Mr. Kay recently floated in London, • to work several gold-mining - - leases in the Kurnalpi district, in the immediate vicinity of the recent alluvial rush. KANOWNA POST OFFICE.—Oar. Kanowna correspondent wired on the 8th :—Mr. Ink- , \- p°n, formerly postmaster, has beph removed to the head office, : His successor has not been appointed .yet, but Mr. B. J. Watson is acting as relieving postmaster- HOSPITAL BENEFIT BALL. — Mesdames Finnerty and Fischer are at present energetically engaged in arranging a ball j n aid of the-funds Of St. John of God Hospital. spv The function is set down for the 22nd instant, and will be held in Pearce's Athletic Hall, • THE GOVERNMENT HOSPITAL.—The admissions to the Government jHospital on the 9th were three, -viz.,. Joseph-Bkeehan, aged 81, suffering from fever, Kate Pendergast, aged 19,.«^erwg £com fever,; «x»4ypbarle8 Gundry, aged 66, who was afflicted" with a lung complaint. KALGOOBLIB MINS MANAGERS' INBTI- TTTTB.—A meeting of the Kalgoorliejranch of "the Mine Managers' Institute of Wratern Australia was held on the 9th, Mr. Harey, Wilson preiiding. In answer to a letter asking for samples^of telluridefor_expert mentis:,by members of the Coolgatdie Institute with a -view to cheap treatment oa the fidds,. the •manager of the Kalgnrli iepliod that he would have plea^ure in grantmg the request. The managers of the Great Boulder and Ivanhoe mines replied th&t; no Specimens were now avalUble. A letter from tbeKal. goorlie Chamber of Mines was reared, stating that it had beeii arrangod that a depu-' tation should wait on the Minister for Mines with reference to the constitution of a board of examiners for engini-drivers and the establishment of a School of Mines at, Kalgoorlie. The Under-Secretary of Mines wrote, in answer to a request that 1 a geological survey should be made of ttie Bast =€oolgto3ife ; field locating the lode formadOnB, istc.' - He stated that *hp Geological Brimch had Seift their ; top6- ^^^^^c^eurVey. l^e^haSmMSd the o^cer ; fa questten ha4 airived, ahd vrba lioWonthe Royxl MhVflftgjtaeOtingaetided that the adminisfcratiVe ^eonhfell be asked to v rebsmmoid the appointment by the Government of MesSrs. HenryWilsOn andH.A. M. M6ri|an as members of the Examining Board of Engineers in the district: - : '• BEEB FOB THE NOBTHEBN FIELDS.—AS an indication of the popularity, of Coolpardie brewed beer, it may hie mentioned that 40 casks and hogsheads were despatched on .the 6th by the Lion Brewery for Niagara, North Niagara, and Mount Malcolm. The heavy casks were despatched by a six horse team, while the lighter ones were taken by. a camel team. BUSINESS CHANGE.—Mr. A. Glasson, who has been managing the business of Messrs. C. E. Knight and Company (forwarding agents, grain and produce merchants) since the early days, has purchased their interest in the concern. Mr. Glasson is very popular in the community and is certain to receive the hearty support of the pnblic in his venture. I.Q.OJT.—The first half-yearly meeting pf the. Loyal True Friendship Lodge, M.Ct., I.O.O.F., was held at the lodge room, Lsfroystreet. There was a large attendance of brethren and visitors from branches in Victoria. The following are the "newly-installed officers - —Brother Bra iford, , N,G.; Brother Wilkinson, V.G.; Brother /T. Bath, G,M.; Brother Reed, treaiurer'; Brother W, Snell, financi|tl secretary) medical; officer, Dr. Leschen. The auditors' .report was read and adopted. Five friends .were initiated,' and six were proposed for .membership jof the lodge. . - , - , THE ALLEGED GOLDWELDS PARTY.-^- The' Ssperance Chronicle, in the course of a leading article dealing with the above party, says Why the tailway qnestion was not included in the platform is, of course; not made known. Perhaps it is the knowledge— 1 as we previously contended—that the party is quite incapable of dealing with railway matters.' The party con no longer complain Of the Government not including the nilway in its policy when the party itself has not dared to do so; more -especially -is this noticeable when it is remembered that that question is the main one which organised the' party. It would surely have been ressonable if ths railway were included in the platform without mentioning any question of ronte—merely advocating a line from the Eastern Goldfields to Bsperance. Completely ignoring the matter in the platform: is most- reprehensible.- The appointment of the late -Under of the Opposition a* leader of the' Goldfields' Party is another unpardonable errors Soch a course can only stamp the party with a ifaark of stron? hostility to the Government. : W« regret that the member ior Dundas has had any hand in the formation of the party, bat we feel sure that hewiE be scompellad to withdraw from it wheniie finds oat the efiect the poltey adopted will^^uvvaittnthe iiidividual acftimia of the. members of tbe parfcy. . The electors of Danda^re. not very deeply ^ interested in any of the reforms which oon- «titute the platfonnof' the newly formed . party. :• - They are fat wok interested in tihe plank: which has nhdoabtedly been wilfully omitted. ..Weh^pe tfakfeilw »o®!e reasonable - membenrof tie party wili soon see through the web Which haB ensnared them." IMPOBTED BLACKBIRDS SEIZED,—A few days ago three blackbirds were imported into the colony and. were seised by- the officials of the Bureau of Agriculture in Perth and destroyed • under the provisions of the proclamation issued on January 24th, 1896, which forbids the introduction of starlings, blackbirds, and thrushes into Western: Australia. OPERATIC AND OBCHRSTBIL SOCIETY.— The first general meeting of the newly formed Operatic and Orchestral Society was held at the Theatre Royal on the 6th instant. A'large number o*f ladies and gentle- men were pressnt. It was decide i to perform the well-known opera " Pinafore" at an' eatly date. The object of the Society is to help the various charitable institutions iA do^gwiie^ ELANNAN'S OROYA.^-THE crosscut, at the 110ft level from .the shaft on the ssuth block of Hannan's Oroya will have to A>e carried in about 40ft east to strike the - Anstialia East lode.. ThiB reef, which is. about 2g£$ wide, is very rich in both free gold and.telluride, and has been worked to within :70ft or 80ft of the Oroya boundary. The same lode traverses the:Oroya Company's .-north blook, as well as the sonth, and a shaft to now being sank to tap it in the northern part of the mine. A BHABE' DEALING QUESTION.—A case of some interest fo coaler? in atock, as bearing on the rules'which should govern an open-call,^was heard on the 9th in the Local Court, when J. G. Smith sued ithe Goldfields SBook Exchange Company-for the return of money which they baa retained as a deposit. It appeared that the plaintiff had sold two lota of shaTes, the first consisting of Lake View Souths, and the second of fiichmohd Gems. ' It was not asked to make a deposit at the time of the first- sale,-end in regard to the Richmond Gems, he place! the scrip into the hands of the secretary cf the exchange forthwith. The: next day. the plaintiff obtained the Lake View South shares which were ill the bank, .and handed them to a clerk of the company. He then demanded for the Richmond Gems. The purchaser of the Lake View Souths refused to accept the shares, as he said they were contributing instead of promoters, and the balance of the evidence was in his. favor that' -he had bnoaght -"pros" and not "cons.'! The matter was referred, With the consent.-of the plaint fi, t6 the committee of the exchange, who ruled thit pros had been purchased, aud for non-fulBltnent of the contract handed over the money received for the Richmond Gems to the purchssttSof the LaTcet View Souths ^dep^m^^V^It^s.jprov^th^t^wM .depodt m&^^^h'ai^np was no^ i|nn>ediately, JEorthpoining) from botji the aellBr and; the bnyar, but .hid. Hgpw*tod from the casern in ,this inBtancp,;, aident' Msgistr .te, although . sympathising with the defendant, held as they had broken their own rales they coutd not exact depoedt money after the event, and gave -judgment for the plaintiff, but without costs.,, ; REGISTRATION OP COMPANIES.—The only company registered at the office of the Begistrar of "Companies-duri»g the past week was the Golden- Bidge Proprietary Gold-Mining Company, the office of which is at Semaphore Chambers, Hannan- street, Kalgoorlie. A FRACTIOUS accident happened last week to Mr. G. Bowen, of the Survey Department (says the North Coolgardie Herald.) He was riding the camel through whose fractiousness Mr. Tovey recently broke his leg, toward the hospital, when the animal stumbled and fell, and Mr. Bowen was thrown into the rood, the^ camel falling on him And inflicting severe bruises on his arm. A BACK COUNTS? TBIP.—Mr. F. 0, Parker, of the Australian Mining Standard, who contemplated making a trip through the interior with Mr. H. P. Woodward, the late. Government Geologist, wires from Melbourne that through an attack of low fever, he cannot - proceed westwards yet awhile. ' Mr. Woodward, however, who. holds a power of attorney for Mr. Parser, will start on,the trip at once. \- A COINCIDENCE. — Our contemporary round the corner (writes the Geraldton Expreti) has discovered a carious coincidence. It says -.—" The Bight Hon. Shr John For : rest rode in the carriage which was the sixth of those containing colonial Premiers, He has also been six years a Premier, and belongs -to one of the six ' families.'" But; why Stop here; - ;.John Forrest is six feet high, sixteen Btone in weight, and had six brothers (one of .whom was . ;known as the sixth Minister), and formed one of a Cabinet of six. He also proposes to increa&e; the West Australian debt by six millions, aud i? a voter in sixteen different constituencies. He was twenty-six when he made his famous trip .from .Geraldton to the South Australian telegraph line, and used to wear in thosedays a six and seven-eighths hat. (Probably he will reqnire.a seven in future.) But he does not belong to one of the six families. COMPANIES REGISTERED.—The following-, companies have lately been registered at the Supreme Court office:—Cosgrove's Bayley's Besvaid South Gold-Mining Company, No Liability, representative, Mr. J. T.Conigrave, 6, Eagle Chambers, Hav- street; Westralia Mount Morgan Gold Min&, Limited, Messrs. G. Coomber and Company, 818, St. George's-terrace; Law's Wealth Mineis . Development Company, . Limited, Mr. A. P;. Wymond, Venture Buildicga, \- .Bayleyrstreet, Qoolgardie; Kalgoorlie Timber Supply Syndicate, Limited, Mr. H. G. Parsons, Hannan'sstreet, Kalgoorlie; Stock Exchange Build-, i&gs; and Tivoli Theatre Syndicate, Limited, . Bayjex-street, Coolganiie; The Golden Ridge Proprietary Company, Limited, Me^n fi. &. PiUdngton and R. W. - Hall, fiemap)iore Chambers,' Hahnans-street,. Kalgoorlie;' Callioh, Uinited, }lr. H. J. Saunders, M.L.C.* St. QeirSe's Terrace; Kensington Vindicator Oold- mining Oomoany, No liability, Offioe Geoige's Tenace; Loasby's Wahoo Maft^acloring Company. Limited, Mr, O. T. Sempthorne; Charles J. Keep, Limited, , Mr. C. J. Keep. Butler-street Kalgoorlie; Windermere Goldmines Company, No; Liabillty, Messrs Parker and Parker, 69,; Bar • -l^edBi»rt>ment of the net:itti?furiii8h«i us sibtnm of the . tab re- June:—Derby, faiwnge'Bay, ;Boo lario, I^ftacue, iWmtton- 3*6} .J2-70; b£»!2-33 2-08 .Kunialpi, I>84; Goonganie 1*96; E», 8-47 ; TeiiM, S'id; GaQfoid, 6'12 ; Perth Oijservat 6-70 ; Roc3dngham, 4 < 88; Jarrahdale, m^itri^Biaftiab,Pinj»rrah,6-87 ;Bunbnry,?-«7 ;Bnsaeltbn, 7-81; <5canbrook, 2-70; Banniiteir, 4-24 ; Wandering,'; 3-30; Williams, 2-70 ; Arthur River, 2-77 j Kojoniip, a^fe j Mount Barker, 3*83; Albany; 4*61.; Breuc&ea; Island 2 82; Breimer Biy, 3*41; Bsperance Bay, 2-14; Israelite Bay, 1-80; Balladonia, 1-71; Byre, E; 2-47; Sac^a, l'S6. THE LAKE VIEW SOUTH MINE. A OBODP AT KALGOORLIE IN THE EABLY BAYS. 