BREVITIES. Fbom the latest English files to hand we take the following interesting items Minn Peroeval, daughter ot the Prime Minister who was assassinated when enter ing the House of Commons in 1612, has just attained her 02nd year, the bells of Ealing, where she resides, ringing a peal in honour of to event. The death has occurred of Mrs. Kaye, of Kirk stall, inventor of the oheck-box for col lecting fares, and which is now used on & nearly all the northern 'buses and tram ways, Mrs. Kaye, wearing a crinoline whioh was in fashion at the time, experi enced difficulty in entering and leaving these vehicles by the turnstiles then in use. g&e; accordingly set to work and designed the box in question.— The widow of a Bath gate doctor, who has just died, was the sub ject of the popular song, '' The Nameless Lassie,' written by James Ballantyne, the Edinburgh poet. — A man, who has just died at Macroom, aged 105, was well and active till six months ago. Mr. John Hall, a wealthy shipowner of Newcastle, has offered £100,000 towards the erection of a new local infirmary, conditional on a sum raised in connection with the Jubilee being devoted to the mainten anoe of ths institution* The Prinoe of Wales's London Hospitals Fund is reported to have obtained an annual income in subscriptions of over £62,600. An attempt will be made to oonnect the island of Sark with Guernsey by Marconi's wireless telegraph. — Selsey Bill has been connected with Chichester by means of a tramway or light railway. Mr. Hermiker Heaton has been again ex posing the absurdities of the charges for telegraphing compound words. ' Bank book' 'is counted as one word, and can be sent for a half -penny, a penny being charged for ' oash-book,' which is reokoned two words. Forest-hill in Oxfordshire is a single word, forest-hill in the London area being charged as two. You can wire ' shan't,' ' don't,' and ' can't' at a rate of a half-penny, ' haven't' or ' shouldn't' costing a penny. ' Coach-maker' is one word, ' soap-maker' is oounted as two. According to the latest returns, there were 140,000 more females than males in Scot land, although the birth- rate showed a pre ponderance of males. The vine at Hampton Court Palace, which is 129 years old, is now bearing 1300 bunches of grapes. An infant was found dead in a perambu lator, a small girl having been wheeling it about for some time without being aware of the fact. — At an inquest on a London infant which died from natural causes, the mother had called in five doctors, each of whom, it was said, had prescribed different medicine. A mother complained sadly to the Brain tree Guardians that her daughter had died some months ago in a lunatic asylum, and she had continued to receive reports that her daughter was in fair health, but mentally no better. The mother wished to have the body exhumed and an inquest held. — A woman, aged 83, died miserably in East London, after sleeping on door-steps for months. At the inquest it was stated that a lot of people had come up from the country to see if the body was that of a lost daughter. The coroner said it was sad that not a month passed without a similar case happening, and the marvel was that so many who made a mistake in life should drift to the same place — East London. — A servant girl having been found under distressed conditions in London, a widower with two children wrote to the police-oourt missionary offering to marry her. A young woman found in a filthy condi tion in London was charged with sleeping in the open air and having no visible means of subsistence. The magistrate advised her to take advantage of the new Act, which gave her the power to go to a Board of Guardians and say she wished to be washed and have her clothes disinfected. That would be done free of coBt to her, and would not be regarded in the nature of parochial relief. Some schoolboys were ordered to be birched at Leicester for endeavouring to wreck a train containing over 200 workmen. — An aged man was oharged in London with picking the pocket of a female moarner at tbe graveside when attending a funeral. — A married woman, sent to gaol at Beading for theft, was reported to have stolen 59 pairs of trousers from shops within five months, and sold the same to procure drink. The patent of a new spring bicycle wheel, which does not puncture, has been sold for £100,000. — The Great Northern Railway Company, in order to cope with the increase in the transit of bicycles, are erecting places for their storage at certain stations. The winner of a £1 a week for life prize in a guessing cricket competition, organised by a sporting newspaper, sued the proprietors for arrears of payment, aad judgment was given for the amount claimed. In the City of London Court the Commis sioner said pens, ink, and paper were cheap, and yet cases were continually coming be fore him which showed that if there had been a little less talking and a little writing the disputes would never have been created. If it were not for the talking lawyers would starve. A husband's liability for his wife's debts has been reused in Preston County Court. An engine-driver was sued by a grocer for £26 for goods supplied to defendant's wife for consumption in the household. It was proved that the husband handed over to his wife nearly the whole of his earnings, and was said to have had no idea that she was obtaining credit. In giving judgment for the husband, the Judge ruled that in a posi tion suoh as the defendant's the wife's duty was to use the money for weekly expenses, and that she had no authority to pledge her;: husband's credit beyond the current week. A newly- discovered spot on the sun, which is visible just now, is said to be 30,000 miles in diameter. Dr. Peter's explorations in Babylonia have led to the' disoovery of Nippur, the oldest city in the world, and written records dating back 6000 years. On an estate in France the plough was successfully driven by electricity, the current being distributed by overhead cables. A comic way of serving notice on a neighbour to abate a nuisance was lately tried in a New England village. A farmer's hens came home the other da yeach with a kernel of corn in her crop and a string hanging out of her mouth, to the outer end of whioh was attached a card, reading, ' Keep me at home ; I've been scratching np my neighbour's garden.' A lady B .A., growing weary of the drud gery of coaching female students for Uni versity examinations in 'New Zealand, poisoned herself after writing a letter of instruction to her lawyer, and another to a Diedioal man analysing her mental condition. On the eve of suicide. A London Jew named Cohen, summonetd to serve on an inquest, absented himsebf, and wrote informing the coroner that, as Iris name implied, he was a descendant of tlae High Priest Aaron, and was forbidden T-y Jewish law to enter the presence of the dead. The ooroner said he thought the English law was superior to the. Jewish, and the man would be summoned to attend the next inquest and explain himself. A grave-digger, who has died at Gilling bam held that position for 87 years, and had buried 12,000 persons. ..A carats, to raise money for the bonding fund of a new church, hired a barrel-organ | for £2 a month, and plays it daily at Feux* stowe. The net result of three weeks' work has been about £15. A man upon whom an inquest was held in London was deBOribed as having a bullock's heart, that organ being double the natural size. This, a doctor said, might be occasioned by doing nothing, or by over exertion, such as scorching when cycling. While levelling the floor of a farmhouse near . Spilsby, human 'remains were un earthed, together with a gold ring and pieces of old black oik. This ainnnvsrv. an it. {» ?aid, -was preceded by loud knockings and the appearance of a ghost. The bones are thought to have been buried a hundred years. The proprietress of a London agenoy declares that the reported dearth of domestic servants is unfounded. Prison labour is being reorganised, the treadmill having given place to more useful toil. Women are now being employed in suoh occupations as doll- dressing. Fewer persons were committed to prison last year, the total number being 162,000 against 169,000 in the previous 12 months. 