A Wonderful Woman; OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY' By MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. Author of " Wed, Yet N« Wife," "Norine," "Baronet's Bride," Etft, CHAPTER XXIX. — "NOT I. BUT FATE, HATH DEALT THIS BLOW." Katherine Darigerfield had suddenly left Bracken Hollow, and for good. Henry Otis was greatly troubled not , only at her unexpected departure, but at the contents of the letter which she had written to him. These troubled thoughts were in his mind as in the evening he walked to wards Bracken Hollow, from the direc tion of Castleford. During the last five minutes a sudden red meteor-lllce light had flashed up in the grey southern sky. Whilst he pushed onward it had steadily increased — brighter and broader — redder and fiercer it grew — it could only be one thing— fire ! At that instant there came clashing across the twilight stillness the fire- bells of the town— the red light in the sky growing redder and redder. "Fire!" Henry Otis exclaimed, knitting his brows, "and in that direction. There is no house there but Bracken Hollow!" Clash ! Clang ! The fire alarm grew louder, the flames were shooting up into the soft grey sky. Otis commenced running at speed, and a little over five minutes brought him to Bracken Hollow. There was no wind, but the old house was like tinder, and siirivelled up at once, It loolced all one sheet of fire as he rushed towards it. Apparently there was no chance of saving the two inmates, for the blaze was raging from every window in the place, and great black volumes of smoke were beginning to roll up into the even ing sky, while fragments of burning timber and debris began to fall in all directions. There was a crowd collected, but the fire-engines had not yet arrived. Little use their coming now. At the instant he appeared, old Hannah came rushing headlong out. "Save her, for Heaven's sake!" she cried. "If ye be men, will ye stand there and see a fellow creature burned to death before your eyes? I've lost the key of her room. Come — come — and burst open the door." There was an axe in the porch. Mr Otis seized it, and rushed headlong through the flames and smoke towards Mrs Harman's room. Her ringing screams broke over everything now. He struck at the door with all his might, but it was strong, and resisted. "Stand from the door," be shouted to her within, "and be quiet; I will save you." He struck at it again and again ; it yielded to the fifth blow, and went crashing into the room. She was stand ing, In spite of his warning, directly- opposite ; it struck her heavily, and felled her to the floor. He sprang in and drew her from beneath. The angle of the oak door had struck her on the head near the temple; a great stream of blood was pouring over her face as he lifted her in his arms. The fire was already surging through the open door. He bowed his bead over her, mid with his burden rushed out of the doomed house. He laid her on the ground, senseless, bleeding, and not a moment too soon, for a minute later, with a dreadful roar, the fire leaped up higher than ever, and the roof fell in with a crash. $ # ||! Twelve! by the steeple of Castleford High street — twelve! by the loud-voiced clock of the Scarswood stables. In the intense, sultry silence of the August night, the sharp, metallic strokes came even in that upper chamber of the Sil ver Rose, where, upon the big, curtained, -i.T fnnv-noster Harriet liar- UlU-iaciiiwtii'U — — - man lay dying. Dying! No earthly aid could reach hei now. The blow of the heavy, iron- studded door had done its work. Dying! There was 110 mistake about it this time. As she lay there, on the threshold of eternity, her past in all its hideous defor mity rose before her. Mr Otis had told Mrs Harman's story to the Earl of Ruysland, and summoned his lordship to the bedside of the dying woman. In an adjoining room at that moment were the earl, Lady Cecil, and Otis. . , „ "My daughter has come with me, the earl said, coldly. "She knows all. She wishes to see Mrs Harman — to hear, if it be possible for Mrs Harman to speak, confirmation of your story from her lips. I think even you will allow, Mr Otis, this Is no more than her right." "It Is her right," Henry Otis said, calmly. , He bowed to the queenly form and lovely face, and held the door wide for her to pass. . "You, too, my lord," he said. She is dying, but she is conscious, and she has spoken. I must beg"— he looked at Lady Cecil— "that you will be very quiet. A moment's excitement would be fatal." , She bowed her head, and glided to the bedside. In the dim light of the shaded lamp she looked down upon the dying face— the. face of her mother! The faint breathing was not audible; the eyes were closed; the fingers moved a little, plucking at the sheet. Opposite stood Dr. Graves, holding her pulse in one hand, his watch In the other. . Lord Ruysland followed, and stood be side his daughter. Henry Otis bent over her and spoke. "Mrs Harman, Lord Ruysland is here. Can you speak to him ?" The eyelids flu ttered— lifted; the great dark eyes looked up out of the rigid face, and fixed at once upon the earl's. "Harriet," he said, and at the sound of the old name the dying face lit, "you know me, do you not ?" "Yes" — very faintly the word came — "my lord, I know you. I ain sorry " The whisper died away. He bent close above her. "Listen, Harriet— speak if you can— tell the truth now. Is Mr Otis's story true ? Was it your child — your own — you gave me twenty years ago, or mine ?" "It was mine— I will swear it, if you like! I kept yours. I hated my lady — I swore revenge. She parted me from Lionel. Lionel, Lionel!" Her face lit again — the old love of her youth came back. The old love, mighty beyond all earthly passion, mighty to break prison bare, to compass the earth, to cross oceans, to endure in the very throes of death. Lord Ruysland bent closer, and took her band. "Look, Harriet." he said — "look at this face beside me. It is tiie child you gave me — that I love. Tell me again, as hea ven hears and will judge you, is she yours or mine?" The dark eyes turned upon the lovely youthful face, down whose cheeks the UllUllglllg 'iidlb iVclc V.U111 oil 1 . A 110 I mute, imploring look was answered by 1 Lady Cecil crossing silently to the side i of 'the bed. She sank on her knees, : and came very near that dying face, j "She is mine, as heaven hears and will I judge me — mine — Katherine Harman. I Yours I gave to Sir John Dangerfield. 1 Her grave is in Castleford churchyard, j and I saw, her — saw her two nights ago!" Lord Ruysland looked at Henry Otis. "She saw Miss Helen Herncastle," Henry Otis answered, with rigidly-com- i pressed lips. j "I did you great wrong," the dying ' lips whispered again, the dying eyes turning once more to the earl. The sight of her child seemed to wake no emotion whatever within her. "I hated my lady — I swore revenge— and 1 took it. I kept her child. She parted me from Lionel. He loved me. Lionel — Lionel!" The faintly- whispering voice died away — she never spoke again. Lady Cecil's face lay buried hi her hands-on the others dead silence fell. The eyes closed, a spasm shook her from head to foot. "Lionel, the lips seemed to form once. Then there was a moment's quiet, a strong; shiver, and with it the last flic ker of the lamp went out, and death stood in the midst of them. "Come away, my darling," the earl whispered, tenderly, in Lady Cecil's ear. Two sightless eyes looked up at him. blind with dumb misery. Then, with a gasp, the tension that had held het- up so long gave way— Cecil fell back fainting Jn his arms. And so died Harriet Harman — a ter rible death, but a just penalty for the misery she J|| d wrought upon every one with whom the had come in contact. The one wrong inflicted on herself in her earliest youth, while the tide of passion was strong In her heart, had become engraven deep in her very nature, and every SUCCeeuuig act uui a. uun. m the chain of revenge— every crime but another stepping-stone to its consum mation. And now was come the expia tion at the very moment, as she had hoped, of final triumph. The blinds were closed— a solemn hush lay over the house. In the parlor of the Silver Rose a coffin stood on trestles. In it the body of the unhappy Harriet Harman. CHAPTER XXX.— BETWEEN THE OLD LIFE AND THE NEW. The Earl of Ruysland was seated alone at Scarswood, brooding over the recollection of the confession made by Harriet Harman, when a hasty sum mons was given at the door, and, in an swer to a peremptory "Come in," on his lordship's part, the footman, Soaines, presented himself. " The post, my lord— letters for your lordship." The bowing Soames placed a silver salver, on which half a dozen letters were arranged before his lordship, and backed from the room. There were one or two for Lady Cecil —one from Sir Arthur Tregenna— two for Lady Dangerfield, and two for him self. The first of these letters was on business from his solicitor, the other in a hand that was new to him. He broke it open. It was lengthy. He glanced at the name — "R%lmond O'Donnell." "Now, what does O'Donnell mean by- making me wade through four closely- written pages," his lordship said, in an aggrieved tone. "How little consider ation some people have for the feelings of their fellow-beings! I'll have to look over it, at- least, I suppose." He adjusted his eye-glass, smoothed out the pages, and glanced through them. "Miss Herncastle" — " Kather ine Dangerfield "—what did it mean ? Everywhere those two names! His lassitude vanished. He began at the beginning, and slowly and carefully read the letter through. His face changed as it had not changed when Harriet Harman told him that his daughter was not his daughter. "Goodness above! what was this ? Katherine' Dangerfield not "dead! Kath erine Dangerfield and Miss Herncastle one and the same! Katherine Danger- field his daughter! Katherine Danger- field and Miss, Herncastle one! It was plainly there — all the proofs, one after another; no need for verifica tion — no doubting — no disputing now. She had not died. He recalled the pic ture of Lionel Cardonnell in the posses sion of the governess, her Interest in the story, the strong likeness to his dead wife, that had struck him the first time he saw her. The ghost and the resemblance to Katherine Dangerfield were explained now. A wig and dyed eyebrows were all the disguises she had assumed. What a bold game slie had played! And Tregenna had fallen in love with her, and he had done his best to sennrnie them — and tried to induce him to pro pose to Harriet Harman's daughter. His daughter lived — had relented at the eleventh hour — had liurned the con fession — renounced her retribution— and 'gone into the world alone and unaided to fight the hitter battle of life. "Ob, Heaven!" he cried, " this is the hardest to bear of all!" The drawing-room door opened as he sat there, and Lady Cecil came in. She wore one of her white summer dresses, the dresses she liked best, and in which she looked her loveliest. A knot of fairy roses in her bosom, a rose-hued ribbon binding back the hazel hair, and the pearly face, ever colorless, blanched, as it had been since the revelation first came, upon her, to a dead white. "Papa," she cried— the name that for twenty years had been familiar to her lips would never be resigned — " what lias happened — anything new?" "Yes, something new" — something very hard to believe, very hard to bear. Queenie, the grave and the headstone in Castleford churchyard are falsehoods and cheats. Katherine Dangerfield never died!" She stood and looked at hint — speech less with surprise. "Yes, Qiieenie, she lives. My — that I should say it! — my daughter— Katherine Dangerfield did not die— she lives under another name. Can you guess it?" "I can. It is Helen Herncastle." He placed the letter lie had just read in her hand. "Read that," lie said ; "it is from O'Donnell, and explains all. I think I could have borne anything but this." Even in that moment she shrank a little at the sudden mention of .O'Don- nell's name. Lord Ruysland placed the lengthy epistle in her hand, and rose up to resume his walk. "Sit down," he said, "it's a long affair to read, and you don't look fit to stand. Are you ill, Queenie? Your face is the color of your dress." She read the letter over very slowly— the facts were placed so clearly in or- der that there could be no doubt. Kath erine Dangerfield lived in Helen Hern castle, Lord Ruysland's daughter, whose rightful name and place site her self had usurped so long. Lord Ruys land's daughter, wronged beyond all reparation, maddened by wrongs until she had turned at bay, had done unto others as she had been done by. And now she had not only departed from Scarswood, but from Castleford, forced out once more to face the pitiless world, friendless, penniless, alone. "Oh, it is Ward — it is cruel— it is bit ter!" she cried, starting up. "Papa, Jet us go to her— let us find her, at once — at once! I wTll resign everything— I will make what reparation I can. But who on earth can ever compensate her for what she has suffered? How shall I ever dare to look her in the face? And to tninit— tnax my — my mother - She covered her face with both hands in a passionate outbreak of tears. "Be quiet, Queenie," was Lord Ruys land's answer, a touch of impatient pain In voice and face; "there is no question of our being too late. Fate has dealt hardly with her, I allow— with us all, if it comes to that. Think of the scandal, the gossip of the world, the talk of the London clubs and drawing-roouis. Good heaven! it is enough to drive a man wild ! One thing about this wonderful turn of events strikes me as most wonderful of all, and that is, that at O'Donnell's interr ference she should give up her revenge, burn Mrs Harman's confession, and throw up the game the moment it was hers. That I don't understand. Women are a riddle; it's a hackneyed aphorism, tout for sound truth might be affixed to the Four Gospels. I say again, if she had been in love with the fellow — but I thought Sir Arthur " ' ae stopped, and glanced furtively at Cecil. She was standing, her eyes downcast, a lovely rose-pink flush on either cheek. Perhaps by some inward intuition her woman's nature understood this other woman's — perhaps some glimmering of that truth to which O'Donnell himself was blind broke' upon her. To Cecil Cllve it seemed a very easy thing for any woman to love Redmond O'Donnell. "You look" as if you understood. Queenie," the earl said. "Solve this riddle, if you can." "I think the solution- must be the In» nate nobility and generosity of— how shall we call her? — Miss Herncastle, then, herself. For she is noble— she -la' great almost beyond belief. Captain O'Donnell is right. It is a noble nature warped in spite of her; .others in her place, with her genius, would have done far worse. You must learn to love her, papa; to look upon her as your daugh ter—to let her take the name I bear— the place I fill when I am " Her voice broke. "Sir Arthur Tregenna's wife. Is that what von would sav. Queenie? Well" — an Impatient sigh here — "I suppose I must try." "When I am gone — that is what I meant to say, papa. For I will go— It is only just I should go back to the life to which I was born.- And I will never be Sir Arthur Tregenna's wife. This letter" — she took it up— "I see is from Sir Arthur to me. When I answer It, it will be to tell him how distasteful such a marriage would be to me." Lord Ruysland listened, his old weary, calm returning— bis habitual expression, half -cynical, halt-indifferent— back. "Quixotic, but correct, perhaps. You . will offer Sir Arthur liis freedom— very, generous on your part; and he will re fuse it — equally generous on his. You are right, Queenie— go through the form, by all means; it is what I would do my self in your place. But you will marry Sir Arthur, nevertheless." "I will never marry Sir Arthur. In all likelihood I shall never marry at alL You need not smile like that, papa— I mean it. Sir Arthur loves your real daughter, and one day he will marry her. Her faulis have been many; but when he knows the truth such love as his will find it easy to overlook those faults. He was anxious for me to he- come his wife because, through no fault of 1) is, he felt he stood in some way com mitted and I — oh! I was base and un generous when 1 thought of accepting him. I thank Heaven that I know the truth before it is too late. If he loved me, even, and if I loved him, I would still refuse to become his wife now. As it is, all the powers on earth would not force me to marry him." The earl saw that she spoke the truth, —that ail argument was useless here; "\"ou don't love him," he replied. quietly; "then perhaps you ao love some one else — the Free Companion, thesoldier of fortune, the Chasseur d'Afrique, for instance?" hue looked at him steadily, the color deep on her cheeks, a bright light in her eyes. "Yes!" she said, proudly, resolutely; "I love him! I have loved him from the hour I saw him rirst!" "And he has told you all, no doubt— the story of Torryglc-n and his youthful presumption and folly, tolerably out lived in six years' campaigning, if I judged him rightly?" The glow deepened on her face — "the light that never was on sea or land," the light of love that knows itself beloved again. "He has told me." she said, under her breath, "and he has not outlived it — thank Heaven! Yes, though I should never see liim again on earth — thank Heaven. Papa, do you think you did right then?" "Well, no. Morally speaking, perhaps I did not; socially speaking, I am sure I did. You couldn't have married him, Queenie — I hope you know that. And you can't marry him now either, that I OM-. iii lr rt-p v.-unTliiiur It nut in Uilll see. j. j 1 1 xi iv m Algeria, grilling alive under an African sun— no society, a camp follower, and sooner or later an Irish officer's half-pay, widow. He's a fine fellow— always waa —the sort, by gad! if I were a woman, I should like to marry myself. But you haven't been brought up to rough it, and — it won't do, Queenie. it won't do." The color had faded from her face, the happy light from her eyes; a wistful weariness and longing had taken their place. Lord Ruysland smiled faintly— smiled sceptically. "Well, well, we won't discuss the question at present, Queenie. Take your letter and answer it. We will have Sir Arthur directly after, and you and he can settle these heroics between you. Still, I think, if I were you, I would marry him, Queenie." She smiled in answer, stooped, and kissed him as he sat down. "You ought to hate me for my— my mother's sake, if not for my own," she said. "You are very good to me, Lord Ruysland." "Am I?" he answered, rather drearily. "Being "very good' to any one has not been the besetting virtue of my life. We'll not talk of my goodness, Cecil, child: it's a subject that won't bear dis cussion." Willi her letter in her hand, Cecil went up to her room — that pretty azure and. ormolu chamber, to which she must soon bid adieu. Then she opened and read Sir Arthur's letter. It was very, little like a lover's letter, though ha wrote of their long-standing engage ment, and you could see he conscien tiously did his best. He told her ot Tregenna— of the alterations and decora tions he had planned. He spoke of tin day— very near, he hoped — when hW would see her there its mistress. HJ did his best, but the. spirit of love thaS would have warmed and rendered him' eloquent was wanting. "Another mistress will reign In Tre genna," she said, as she laid It down? "another, who, wfth all her faults, will be a far worthier mistress than Shtf does not love him now, perhaps; but she > will— I feel it. Lord Ruysland will oaS day have his wish — his daughter will be Lady Tregenna." t /To hrf Continued. than that. Neither circumcision, nor i uncirciiiJieision, jioi anything tha-t is ex- ternal whatever availetli anything;, hut the change of life, the faith working by love, the keeping of the commandments of God. Let us look at that — a new creature, a new creation. Everybody knows the need of living a i Letter life." Everyone in the world, no i matter whether in a Christian land, or a Jewish land, or a hc-athen land — every person that ever lived knows, or knew, that he fell short of his own ideal of yvlsat a true life ought to be. I do not care what standard you set up, however j low it may toe, yet you nev&i;" do vise to the' standard you yourself have set up. ; I find that every where— part of my business is to make myself acquainted all I can with the religions of the .world —and everywhere I find that wherever man is, there is, in that man, the know ledge that he is not what he ought to be, what he sees he might toe, if he were careful enough to toe it. "I see and I arinr/ive the better things, tout I follow the worse" — these are the words of an old Latin writer, written 2000 years ago, and they are true, wherever men are. It .was true also of the Old Testament, and men knew it, and that is why our Lord said to Nicodemus, "Art«tliou a master tof Israel, and kno'west not these things?" Anybody can know- the need of a new beginning, the turning over a new leaf. Thenew thing that Christ came to tell us was how this could toe-done, and He lold us of God's love for the world, "God SO loved the- world that He gave His only begotten Son." Then next He told usof his own inevitable death — the Son of Man must toe lifted up — and He told us of the work of the Spirit, The love , of God, the death of Christ, the work of ' the Spirit— that is the heavenly thing. "I tell you of earthly things," the earth ly things being the things every body might know; the- heavenly thing being the thing Christ came to tell us. You must make a beginning, you must become a new creature by. a new crea tion. That is the indispensable thing. "Ye must toe born again." You . must turn over a new leaf otherwise it is quite a hopeless outlook for you. You must and you may get this new beginning made. But it is not enough to be a new crea ture You must toe more than that. A new creature must worlt. You are meant tv " L G 1 1 1 C iliCH CLH U , V "J IHV.il j J C U 41 A- J 4 V V meant to toe always babies. You must learn to speak and to walk and to work. I would not have you. fall into the mis take some ,do of thinking that it is all finished when you are .born again. It is not It is only begun. You are horn again but then -you are only, babies, and being babies, you have to grow by the milk of tbe -Word, and grow in the know ledge' of Christ, growing on" and on, .throughout all time, yes,, and through out ail eternity,- ever growing into a ' larger life. And see how you grow— faith .working-bydoye.- I like that phrase ex ceedingly.-. lit is one of the most com prehensive I know in the New Testa ment,' We ministers and theologians are very apt to -run away -with one side of -things, and very often you -hear people presenting this aspect of truth or the Kifhcn- en oc.tn mfllfn it niinpar tlip wlirtle itruth, and go, in the course of the his tory of the Church sometimes a banner was raised with "Faith" on it, and it was said "This is Paul's leaching," and "Faith, faith, faith," was all the cry; ihen another, banner was raised with "'Works" on it, and then a third with "Love." Well, I like these banners my self; they ate very true and very good; but I do not like when a part is put in stead of the whole. Some say the watch- ,word of James is "works," and the watchword of John is "love;" and that Ss true. 'You will find "faith" oitener in Paul's writings than almost any other .word; and James's word is "works," and John's is "love;" that is true; but here you have the whole round side — faith working by love. In one comprehen sive phrase you have Paul and James, and John; the banners of the parties all united in one great banner, "Faith Working by love." And faith must work, must grow; it n uues uul, ii uvea. i. wonder if you have any real living com prehension of what faith means? Faith is never a thing that lies idle. If you bave faith it works. Suppose I were to raise a shout of "Fire" and you believed the church on fire. I think there would be a rush right but to the passages; I know sueli has been the case, and men have crowded themselves out of life, to escape from death in that way; You be lieved there was fire, and you acted on 'fit. - If you did not you would sit still. Now, faith is always of that kind. There 5s a second-hand kind of faith that be lieves without any practical action, such as the kiid of belief .you have that Britain is an island; it does not in fluence your action at all; but a faith that dees not go out into work is not a living, evangelical faith at all. You think you believe it. If you actually be lieved it you would work. . (To be concluded next week). An English rector, in an agricultural parish, found his own sermons accept able enough to his congregation, but .not so those of his assistant. " Why don't you come to hear Mr Jones?" he said' to the leading farmer. "He's an excellent fellow, and preaches far bet ter than I do." "That may be, sir," was" the grave rejoinder, "but we've been' inquiring and inquiring about your curate, and we can't find as (he's got ' any' property, and we don't "like to be told of our sins by a person as hasn't got no property." The Royal Arsenal sit Woolwich em- \- -ilovs ahriiit 3 J. QUO workmen, aud has -40 miles oi 'internal railways. 