SHADOWED FOE LIFE : A SOLDIER'S STORY. \- BY GORDON STABLES, M.D., R.N. CHAPTER XXVII.— (Continued.) "I am delighted," I said, "but he may not be long here." "For a fortnight yet. He Is now completing Investigations of a rotnarkable character on the bacillus antliracis. Wonderful! Wonderful! Won derful! And the possibilities, sir, of this easily cultivated bacillus are hardly yet Known to sa- vauts in general." "I have heard." J said, "that the anthrax bacil lus car. bo spread and carried even by the com mon earth-worm, and that even if frozen it will again recover and undergo further development." "All that is old," cried the Professor. "Old, sir, old, old. Come to-morrow, and we will teach you the new. Ha, ba, ba. Good afternoon. Good afternoon." "One moment. Professor Keller," I asked. "At what hour shall I be here?" "At six. Be punctual. Au revoir." "An revoir." 1 said also, and oif 1 went, chuck ling inwardly. I soon found a close fiacre, and in half an hour's time I was closeted with the Italian Consul. I found him a calm, quiet, intelligent man. I did not take long to explain my errand. I told him 1 wus in disguise, and the reason thereof — namely, that I wished to run a notorious scoun drel to earth, who was meditating the murder of my dearest friend by means of inoculation by anthrax microbes. I told him where the man was studying, and all about my interview with professor Keller. Then I informed him that Bluett, the name he was pleased to be known by, was an Italian, an Anarchist, and a runaway from his own country, having been intimately mixed up in a bomb outrage. The Consul arose. "Just a minute," he said, going to the tele phone. He was speedily in communication with some one. "Tell Tagalinl," I heard him say, "to come hero at once, and bring his album Kie will know what you mean." In less than half an hour, a tall, solkllerly- looking man, with a huge book under his arm, was ushered in. He bowed to me, and sat down. "This gentleman," said the Consul, "seems to have Information to give us that Is ol very great importance, and may lead to the capture of one of the perpetrators of the bomb outrage near St. Peter's." "I presume," I said, "that your album contains photographs of men who are wanted." "Yes, sir," said the official, "of many men who are wanted for one thing or another. My advice Is that you seat yourself at tho table yonder and try to identify the party, whom you have come across." I did as told. I must say r never saw the portraits of so many villains in one collection before. Some were repulsive in tho extreme, some looked fiends in human form, lie-devils and she-devS.s; but, on the other hand, many women In the collec tion were positively beautiful — all the mare dan gerous, no doubt, on that very account — and some of the men were both handsome aiad gen tlemanly, men who might have adorned the drawingrooms of the best French or London society. I was beginning to despair of finding a. portrait of Jack or Bluett. Indeed, I had com.-e nearly to the last page of the book, and had. already heaved a sigh of disappointment, when on turn ing another page, lo! there lie was before me. "He is here! Ho is here!" I cried, exwltsdly. The offlcer sprang up. I pointed to the photo. "What, ho? What, that ' man?" the cried. "Have you Indeed run him to earth? Tell me, has he any mark on his face?" "Yes, yes; the cicatrice of a burn, a white spot no bigger than an English sixpenny piece, right over the left eyebrow." " 'TIs he! TIs he! 'Tis Jacques, the murder er, the bomb- thrower. There is a prilce on his head, and lias been for years. If you have in deed run him to earth you will he weld reward ed." "I seek no reward," I said, "but the- satisfac tion of knowing that he is given up to Justice." "If you can lead my men to the house where be studies he assured, wo will capture him, dead or alive." Some further discussion ensued. I gave Pro fessor Keller's address, and it was arranged that at seven o'clock next evening, the house should be surrounded and a raid made, which I prayed Heaven might be successful. I kept my appointment, and the old Professor appeared glad to sie me. Presently Bluett, or Jacques himself, entered. "I will take one hour of study," ho said, bow ing to me, "then to will talk." Professor Keller and I now entered into con versation, the theme being bacteriology. The time sped rapidly a.way. "The biology of pathogenic micro- organisms." the Professor was saying— when suddenly, with out warning of any kind, the room was filled with armed men "Surrender all here!" was the shout. I remained in my chair. Jacques sprang to his feet. He had heen seated on a round, heavy stool.' This he seized, and with it he fought like a veritable wild beast. Man after man went down before him. He was fighting his way jtowards the door. But now there was rittle of firearms, and he seemed to change his mind In a moment. He rushed to the window. Two blows, and the frame flew In flinders. Then Jacques leapt out. He had escaped I Nay, the attack had heen too well planned to permit of escape. He jumped through tho window only to fall bleeding and faint into the very clutches of men stationed In the garden Jacques was run to earth. Captured at last; bound hand and foot and. conveyed to prison. "Curse you," he cried to me as he was being borne away. "Curse you, I know you now. Fool that 1 was to be deceived! But tremble; for when I escape, and escape I shall, I will tear your windpipe from your lungs." That, I thought to myself, would be a some what painful operation. But I made no reply. My man was captured, and I could afford to be good-natured and magnanimous. CHAPTER XXVIII.— A MYSTERIOUS WARNING. There are more things in heaven and earth, Iloratio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy. Many times and oft have these line3 from "Hamlet" been quoted; many times before have I quoted them myself. And if I do so now again, it is because what I am about to relate borders on the spiritual. Yet I wish it to he distinctly understood that I myself am no believer lu spiritualism, feeling quite certain in my own mind that nothing takes place in this world, however apparently mysteri ous, that may not bo explained by natural laws. If, miud you. we can got these laws to apply to the case. Transient dreams, daylight dreams may account for the appearance of many an ap parition. And 1 have proof positive that men, and women too, tinder certain conditions of the brain, especially perhaps after great fatigue, may fail asleep for just a brief moment or two, even when walking through a room, or along a garden path, and during that short period ol' somnolency may dream that they see ghosts, ay, and be ready to swear to tho truth of what they saw. We all know what nightmares are; but those are daymares, if I dare coin a word, and the terror they plunge the transient dreamer into is, for tho time being, very real and very dreadful also. But apart from all this, I should not bo the one to deny that heaven may sometimes give people strange warnings, eveu in dreams; warn ings that, if acted upon, may enable us to steer clear of great dangers to ourselves, or protect tho life of some very dear friend. I do not, of course, know for certain, but It seems to me that, even while in life, we may at times be permitted to place our footsteps on the threshold of another world, and fearfully peer within. When 1 returned to England, after the capture of the notorious Jacques, I did so with a com paratively easy mind. I somehow felt certain in my own thoughts that the danger was past and gone. For, I rea soned, if Ella were ever so much inclined to aid her old lover in his fearful plots against the life ot my friend Joeelyn, she could not now do so, Jacques having been captured before he had time to complete his schemes, and to send her tho deadly lymph which should smito her husband with that fatal disease anthrax. I determined to he on my guard, nevertheless, and I had another midnight interview with the maid Lena. Mrs. Lloyd, I found out, had really bought underclothing for Joeelyn at the shop recom mended by Jacques. He had worn these, (oo, and with no bad results. I did not expect that thore would bo any. That wool from a diseased sheep, even after it Is dyed and made up luto under-garmeuts, may possibly give anthrax to the wearers Is generally believed. But It Is ad mitted that the chances of Its doing so are yery remote indeed. No; and none knew this better than Jacques himself. Why, then, had he recommended the purchase of such under-clothing? This question Is very easily answered. For any medical man attending a case ot anthrax would certainly feel about for the primary cause of the terrible malady. Where did the microbes come from that laid his patient low in death? And In the absence of any other clue or explanation, the very fact ot his having worn that probably- Infected wool from South America would bo eag erly seized upon as the "causa mortis." Oh, without doubt the man Jacques had played his cards well, and had meant to leave nothing un- dono to ensure success. And now cornea tho mystery, for mystery It Is to me to this very day. (To bo continued.) 