SALVATION 'ARM\\.' 'COMMANDANT' BOOTH. AT FREMANTLE. In the Fremantle Town-hall on Aug. 17 ' Commandant.'' Booth, of the Salvation ' Army' received an enthusiastic welcome on the occa sion of his first visit to the Port. The building was packed, aud in. the body of the hall were a large number of prominent residents. When the ' Commandant ' came on to the platform the ''soldiers' fired a ' volley,'' the big drum breaking in upon the volume of sound, and increasing its intensity very considerably. ' Major' Gover, divisional officer of the ' Army' in Western Aus tralia, opened the proceedings, and with him on the platform, besides the ' Commandant,' were Mr. H. Briggs, M.L.CCns. J. K. Doonan and H. E. Wilson, a large number of ' Army' officers, the Kev. R. Hanlin, and others. After an introductory prayer and the singing of several special sonars, the ' Commandant, ' came forward, and was received with rounds of applause. He thanked the people heartily on behalf of himself and the association to which he had the honor to belong for the cordial reception which had been given to him, and, in a vigorous speech, he went on to detail at some length the organisation of the Salvation ' Army.' He believed in the ' Army ' because he looked upon it as a God-inspired movement, because he thought that the rock bottom principle on which it rested was God — the Creator of the world material and the world spiri tual. He asked those who dis agreed with the ' Army's' methods to look carefully below the surface and the exterior show, and to judge it not by its outward appear ances but by its motives. If they did this he was satisfied that they would agree with him that its motives were good. Its taproot and foundation was God, and all through its principles was godli ness. He also believed in the ' Army' because it was a success — because it was a great, big, pub lic, thundering success. Many people could not understand why the 'Army' had succeeded, and what had given it its position ; it had not been its influence, for it had none ; it had not been its wealth, for it was continually making collections ; and it had not been its great and learned men, for although it had ofiicers who pos sessed sound common sense, it had not what the world called great men. None of these had made it attain its height, 'wbich had been produced simply bv the power of the Holy Ghost. He further believed in the ' Armv ' because of its peculiarity. He admired any man who had the courage of his convictions, who rose to ideas in advance of his dav, and who bad the backbone when he observed whst was right and true to go one decree further than his brethren. At some length he dwelt upon the reason for his admiration of the 'Armys's' peculiarity, and asserted that in principles and essentials the 'Army ' was one with the other denominations. As far as the underlying principle was concerned, it was the same as the churches. It was their outpost and their advance guard, and it -lid for them what they admitted they could not do for themselves. He believed in the ' Army,' too, because he recognised that in its form of government there was sound common sense, and because he saw in it the best means of dealing quickly, effectively, and powerfully with the evils of the day. The 'Army' had been called a one man association and an uftree body, but, those who referred to it as such did. not know it. It was under one head, and so must be, he contended, every body which expected success ; but its people were the freest on the face of the earth, and he challenged any one to disprove his asser tion. The ' Commandant' gave numerous homely illustrations in support of his assertions, and in all cases he secured his point. He was listened to throughout with profound attention, aud was fre quently applauded by the large audience. ' Commandant ' Booth, after concluding his address, made an appeal on behalf of the building fund for the new barracks in Fre mantle, and also for the ' harbor of refuge' for ex- criminals, which, it was decided to establish under the ' Army's ' care in the town — the gaol of the colony. The refuge was intended for every person liberated from the prison, and it would be the aim of the ''Army' ofiicers to induce these ex-prisoners to come to the house, where they would shelter them, employ them, feed them, clothe them, and win them Lack to the paths of rectitude ; and thus enabling them to bridge the gulf which separated them from the rest of society. In this work he asked for the assistance of the people, and, as its success meant the alleviation of some of the bur dens of the community, he thought that the Government should lend some aid in the matter. A collection was subsequently taken up in aid of the barracks building fund, and a substantial sum realised. A vote of thanks to the ' Commandant ' brought the meeting to a close. The ' Commandant ' will con duct an all-night service in the Wesley-hall, William-street, Perth, to-night. The opening ceremony will take place at 10.30 p.m. 