[?] Tl\e Weapons of Mystery. — « — i CHAPTER IX. THE HALL GHOST. StorieB were told, old ballads were sung, while Roger de Coverly was danced in downright earnest by most of tro3e who wore present. - By midnight, howevor, the old hall was silent ; each of us had repaired to his rcora, and most, I expect, were quietly asleep, when a terrible scream was heard, after which there wore shouts for help and hysterical cries. The sonnds seemed to come from the direction of tbo servants' hall, and quickly putting on some clothes, I harried thither. I soon found that the noise had roused the wholo hnusohold, and.so, whon I arrived, I found a number of the guests bad gathered together. Oa looking into tbo room,, I saw the honsdeeeper was fying in a swoon, one of the servants was in hysterics, while Simon Slowden, who was in tbe room, and the page boy looked as white as sheets, and were trembling evidontly with fear. ' What does this mean ?' asked Tom Temple, a little angrily. At this the housokeeper became con scious and said in-a hoarse whisper, ' Is she gone ??' 'What? Who do you mean?' asked Tom. 'The hall lady,' she said fearfully. ' We are all friends here,' said Tom, and I thought I detected an amount of anxiety in his voice. This appeared to assure the house booper.who got up and tried to collect her thoughts. We all waited anxiously \ for her to speak. I ' 'I havo stayed up late, Mr, Temple,' \ Bho said to Tom, 'in order to arrange ?? somewhat for the party you propose giving on Thursday. The work had got behind, and so I asked two or three ' ' of the servants to assist me.' -?, - Sho stopped here, as if at a loss how to proceed. ' .Go on, Mrs. fliohards ;' we want to know all. Surely there must be some 1 thing terrible to canse you all to arouse : us in this way.' 'I'll tell, you as well as I can,' said tbo housekeeper, 'but I can hardly bear to think' about it. 'Twos about one o'clock, and we were, ail .,' very busy, whenrwe ??heard a noise in the corridor outside the door. Naturally we turned to look, when the door opened and something entered.' , * , ' Well, what ? Some servant walk ing in her sleep ?' 'No, sir,' said Mrs. Richards in awful tones. ' It looked liked a woman, very tall, and she had a long white shroud -around her, and on . it were spots of blood. In her hand she carried a long ^knife, which was also : covered with blood, while the hand which held it was red. She came closer to us,' she wont on with a shudder, ' and then stopped, lifting the terrible knife in the air. I cannot remember any more, for I was so terribly frightened. I gave an awful scream, arid then I suppose I fainted.' This story was told with maDy inter ruptions, many pauses, many [cries, and I saw that the faces of those around were blanched with fear. ' ' Do you know what it did, Simon,' said Tom, turning to that worthy, ' after it lifted its knife in the air ?' ' She wentaway with'a wail like,' said ' Simon, slowly ; 'she opened, the door '?? , nnd wont out, An' then I tried to go to the door, arid when I got therey there xtas nothin'.' : ,?/ . ' That is,: you. looked into -the pas sago?' . ... . Simon nodded. 'And what did you think she was like?'1 ' Like tho hall ghost, as I've heard so muohabout,' said Simon. ; 'The hall ghost !' cried the Jadies hysterically. ' What does that mean, Mr. Tomple ?' \ I do riot thiuk Tom should have en couraged their superstition by .telling them, but ho did. Ho was excited, and scarcoly knew. what was best to do. ' They say that, like other old houses ♦ Tomple Hall has its ghost,' ho said ; ' but ~ she unusually appears on New Year's night. If the year is to be' good to those within at the time, she comes with flowers and dressed in gay attire ; if bad, she is clothed in black ; if there to bo a death for any . one, sho wears a shroud. But it's all aonsense, you know,' said Tom, uneasily. ? ; ; ' And she's come in a shroud,' naid the servant who hod been in hysterics, ' and thoro was apota of blood upon it, and that moans that the ono who dies will bo murdered ; and there was a knife in her hand, and that means 'twill be done by a knife.' It would be impossiblo to doscribe tho effoct this girl's words made. She made tho ghost very real to many, and tho calamity which she .was supposed to foretell seemed certain to come to pass. I looked at Gertrude Forrest and Ethell Gray, who, wrapped in their dressing gowns, stood side by side, and I saw that both of- them were terribly moved. Voltaire and Kalfrir wero both there, but Jhey uttered no word. They, too. seemed to believo in the reality of the apparition. After a great deal of questioning on tho part of the lady guests, and many soothing replies on the part of tho men somothing like quietness was at length rostorcd, and many of the braver onos began to return to their rooms, until Tom and I were left nlone in the sorvants' hall. We again questioned the servants' but with tho same result, and then wo went qniotly upstairs. Arriving at tho landing, we saw Miss Forest and Mis3 'Gray loaving Mrc. Temple at the door of her room. Tom hurried to Miss Gray, and took her by tho hand, while, I, nothing loth, spoke to Mis3 Forrest. ' There's snrely some trick in this,' I said to her. I felt her hand tromblo in mine as sho spoke. 'I do not know. It seems terribly real, and I have heard of such strange things.' ' But you are not afraid ? If you arc, I shall be up all night, and will be so happy to help you.' I thought I felt a gentlo pressure of her hand, but I wa3 not sure ; but I know that her look- made mo very happy as she, together with Edith Gray, entered her room a few minutes after. When they had gore, I said to Tom, 'I am not going to bed to-night.' 'No,' said Tom. 'Well, I'll stay np with you.' ' This ghost affair is nonsense, Tom. I hope, you will not find any valuables gone to-morrow.' ' Real or not,' said Tom, gaily, 'I'm glad it came.' ' How's that ?' ' It gave me nerve to pop the ques tion,' he replied. 'I told my girl just now — for she is mine now — that Bhe wanted a strong man to protect such a weak little darling.', ?'Andshe.?'j .; . : . ' She said that she she knew of no one, whom she liked, that cared enough for her to protect her. So I told her I did, and then— well, what followed was perfectly, satisfactory' - ^ I congratulated him [on his Jaudacity, and then we epenfc §the night in wander ing about the first floor of the house, trying to find the ghost, but in vain ; and when the morning came, and we all tried to laugh at the ghost, I felt that there was a deep, sinister meaning in it, and wandered what the end would be. CHAPTER X. THE COMING OF THE NIGHT. Directly after breakfast I went away alon9. I wanted to get rid of an awful weight which oppressed me. I walked rapidly for the morning was cold. I had scarcely reached the park gates, however, when a band touched me I turned and and saw Kaffar. .'. , 'I hope your solitary walk is plea Bant,' he said, revealing his -white teeth. ' Thank you,' I replied coldly. I thought he was going to leave me, but be kept close by my side, as if he wanted to say something. I did not encourage him to speak, however ; I walked rapidly on in silence. ' Temple Hall is a curious place,' be said. ? 'Very,' I replied. . . 'So different from Egypt — ah, sodif forent. There the skies ara bright, the treos are always greec. There the golden sandhills stretch away, the palm trees wave, the Nile sweeps majestic. There the cold winds scarcely ever blow, and the people's hearts are warm.' 'I snppose so.' 'There are mysteries there, as in Tem ple Hall, Mr. Blake; but mysteries are sometimes of human origin.' * (To be Continued?) 