? JPor t^e.first time in, tlbere/were no. piisoners' Jfcjr tpal -jat 1 /Leeds,the other day, and the magistrate received the customary pair of white glotes." p ^ . \ 'Fonr. members .-jol^an-i' Italian ^fanply, bn^>»f.{th < e daaghters claiming to; be-a 'gdnntess, . have been found guilty in. ^ndon of stealing.a qnantiiy', of rvaloil3e 4 1^es bum W.est-pph shops., Se teaces was postponed so jifiiii inqhTnes taii^ht he made in .Italy^ r respecting the prisoners. An adyertisefnent headed 4 Bargain' eiated that, a lady who was leaving England mast Sfll her family grave, which M a fiblS'fi^and Marble slab. / . . ' , ' An old lady, who formerly received parish relief, recently died, leaving all her worldly goods, including £112 and a w&tcb;, to the Scarborough Gu^rdian^^^r^rMid,'had been ber best W e n d f i " - • (j*f • Fifteen doctors. at Yarmonth struck against the fees payable on behalf of the local friendly societies. The societies concerned retaliated by founding a central dispensary of their own, and a medical staff had been selected from outside practitioners, Somt. months ago a-young man died of i^isbn/in the .streets of flplfaBt> A father.axid ^ptterMentifi^t^bodyas had it interred in the family burying ground. , A day or two sipcp.thiey.re r ceived a letter from the son-whom they thought dead, stating that he j^as in Florida, doing well. A 'ghost,' supposed to be a young man, has been terribly alarming women in Oxford square by either seizing them from behind, or suddenly placing b ghostly arm around them and peering pp into their faces. A bouquet was presented to the Princess of Wales at Marlborough Home on behalf of the pupils -of the Alexandra Home for girlp at Kensington, < of which ehe is. President.As a reward for diligence and good conduct, each , of the girls of the Institution: was,pergiiited to con tribute>reingle >vlite bloom towards tbe bouquet. The Queen has presented a gold watch and chain to a railway servant who h&3 •travelled as one of .the men in charge of the Royal train on every journey which she has aver made on t'ie London and North-Western line during the past thirty-eight years. Princess Christian and her daughter attended the marriage of a couple who had been in their employ as servants. The Piincess provided . the wedding breakfast at her Windsor residence. Mr Gladstone is in the best of. health and spirits, and celebrated his eightyseventh birthday at Hawarden. A £300 cheque sent by post to a firm in Bristol, was thought to have miscarried, until it was discovered that tLe letter, on being put through the hole in the door by tbe postman, had .been carried off by rats. A farmer fell dead in the snow near Moreeombe, and when discovered his dog had settled round his .master's head, apparently; to impart warmth.. Five judges, sat to bear an appeal against a decision of the Kingston magistrates who refused to convict a bookmaker for cwiying on betting in ' enclosure' at a race-meeting. Judgment was reserved, tbe judges finding it difficult to define what constitutes a' place' under . the Betting Act. In another case the judgeB quashed the conviction of a man who had been fined for paying bis bets in a public houBe. There was no proofs that the bets were made on the premises. This decision was considered one of much importance to publicans. Subscriptions to the Queen's. Com memoration Fund in aid of the Jubilee Institute of Nurses now amount to about £20,000. Baron Rothschild, as in other years has presented a brace of pheasants as CbristmaB present to the 'bns .drivers and conductors on the principal routes in London. At a mission exhibition in Edinburgh the purse and bible which Dr Livingstone carried across Africa were on view. The royal baton of beef for the Qneen's sideboard at Christmas weighed 1801b . It was roasted before a gigantic fire, in the kitchen at Windsor Castle/ .The famous game pie and boar's head were also cooked at the Castle. Mr j Thomas, of Burrv Port, Wales, now in' her 109th year, was thought to be dead. She regained consciousness after being in a sleep or trance for thirtysix hours. Tbe Princess of Wales sent Mrs. Thomas a cheque on her 106th birthday, at the rate of-a shilling fcr each year. The centenarian retains all her faculties, and, being a somnambulist, has to be locked in her bedroom at night. Mrs. - HobbB, whose - husband was wounded at Waterloo^ has died In Ireland aged 103,. She was the last oftfae widows of officers who fought under Wellington. A gentleman named Spronler, who also'died in Ireland, had attained his 3.11th year. He had been a member of one -church for a hundred yeare. His brother died at the age of 104. • • f ^ - - Ji . The Duchess of Bedford - opened a fancy fair at Shepherd's Busb in aid of the Society for the Protection of Cats; The new hand-knitting cottage industry'whichLaiy Arran started some time ago in Irelaha is a great success, more than 7,000 ^airs of socks and stockings having been disposed of during the past year. Devon Connty Council has decided to approach the Dochy of Cornwall with a view to purchasing Dartmoor, 1 comprising 130,000 acres, on terms satisfactory to g be Treasury and the Prinee of Wales. A boy named Edssll, aged 11 years, and whose parents reside at. Scott's creek, in the Cobden district, was out vith his brother who was armed with double barrelled gun, on a shcoting excursion; Seeing a rabbit the tld«*r brother fired and wounded it badly, and put the gun down to kill it. As he laid the gan adqwn the second barrel exploded, and the Charge lodged in;, his brother's thigh. The injured lad was taken to Cobder, where Dr. Reid was called in. It was found th^t young'SdsalL-vas fuSering severely fropa the shcck,, and that the thigh was badly larerated by -the shot, for the removal of which an operation was neceseary, and this was effected with ibe assistance of Dr, Pettigrew, of Oam- 