Ifthiiiid and finance. News from the field has nothing but sweet things to say anent the Kalgurli. Winze dropping from the "jewel chamber" at the 200-ft. level going down in splendid ore, and similarly encouraging stone is being met in the winze underway to connect the 100-ft. with the 200-ft. The northern shaft sinking on the south lease has, 100 ft. down, come across a lode that samples ozs. 1 This may be nothing wonderful as samplings go at Kalgoorlie, but it shows the continuity of the lode and its gold carrying capacity. Hold these shares tight. North Kalgurli's lode at the 275-ft.—cut the other week—is a beautiful body of good grade ore, 15 ft. thick. This mine is opening out in cheering style, and it may be set down as one of the big producers to come. Thus a W.A. correspondent:—"! agree with you that South Kalgurlis are a first-rate lockup. So are Boulder Perseverances. The governing body of this co. is now on the field, and it has decided not to put any machinery on the mine for the present." He adds : " Don't worry about the water question. It is simply a matter of pumps and pipes." Knock-out of Associateds was variously ascribed to heavy selling by the Rothschilds and the fine lode in the 200-ft. level at the Australia taking a low grade turn. Whether the Rothschilds have been panning THE CRITIC cannot say, but it does know that late Kalgoorlie advices speak of the aforesaid ore body as looking well. Values have dropped under the 80s. mark, and in consequence Associateds should not be neglected by the investor. This is the time to buy 'em, and lock the scrip away The new issue will draw £75,000 from Associate holders. Early this week Melbourne dealers had wires reporting a new development in the Associated mines, but up-to-date Adelaide brokers were without news of any change. The Golden Horseshoe is destined to take a very prominent position, and is well worthy of the close attention of investors. The mine is developing wonderfully well, and as the lodes underlie west the branch Boulder lode will come more and more into the property as deeper ground is opened. Kauffman is said to have a finger in this pie, and, if so, no doubt his influence will be felt in the management. " Zeb" Lane is again in Kalgoorlie. In the early days he did good work for the field by rapidly developing the Boulder, although he did not, as some people imagine, put the gold there. The management, however, of late has lagged behind, and now the mine, although possessing an abundance of rich ore, has taken second place, and will yet have to take a more backward position unless something is quickly done to enlarge the present plant. The same may be said of the Perseverance, which is also under Mr. Lane's control. Chaffers overburdened with an enormous number of shares. This should be remembered by investors. Their chance of getting the known Horseshoe lodes is alleged to be very remote. The Lake View South new mill has been started. The returns will be poor. The best chances in this mine lie in depth. At the Reefers Eureka the north drive from the winze below the 100-ft. level is in 33 ft. in good ore. The reef is widening again, and consists of bands of quartz very highly mineralised. Several promising veins have been met with in the crosscut from the main shaft. As soon as a connection is made, sinking will be immediately resumed. The Ivanhoe has already begun to respond to the more generous treatment of the present directors. The Australian directors apparently failed., to realise the capabilities of their mine, ; or if they did, they failed to inform the shareholders. Since Kaufman has had control, the market value of the mine has risen from about £500,000 to £1,300,000, and events will prove it is not over-valued at the latter figure. At last Block 45 has commenced to shove its shaft down to the 300-ft. level, and before many months are over the crosscuts at that level should be in a position to feel the strength of Kelly's and the Young Mt. Morgan lodes. These shares are cheap stocking at anything below the half-sov. Queen Margaret not open to many visitors. The lode at the 300-ft. level is reportad to be good. Why, then, have the shares receded 1 It is said tellurides have been met with at the 200-ft. level in the Kalgoorlie Mint and Iron King. All the Associated new issue shares allotted to Australia will be taken up. Mr. A. Bristowe, the secretary, registered 600 transfers on Monday. The list closes on the 14th inst. Latest London float is the Auxiliary Associated Gold Mines with a capital of £500,000 to work a group of Kalgoorlie mines. The area covers 426 acres, the leases belonging to the Great Han nans Consolidated and the North Zealandia. Lady Shenton will distribute a December div., making 20 per cent, for the year. Mine is yielding handsomely, and next year, with more levels opened out, it should make a stir at Menzies. Octagon Explorers and the Gold Estates of Australia take 70,000 shares out of Kalgurli United's 100,000 shares. This new co. has £20,000 working capital and 10,000 shares reserved. A lode opened at the 200-ft. level has assayed from 15 to 18 dwts. to the ton, and it is from 3 ft. to 4 ft. wide. Eales of Block 45 is managing it. This co.'s shares are to be placed on the Adelaide Stock Exchange. Value of Great Boulders, considering the output, quite high enough. They are standing fairly firm, and if they ease at all it would be advisable to gather them in. Horseshoe and Ivanhoe both looking the " picture of good health." THE CRITIC likes both these stocks, as in any market holders need not be anxious of serious fluctuations. When the market strengthens these are stocks that will have prompt rise. Ivanhoe directors blaspheming per wire the W.A. Government for the delay in fixing up the transfers. Now the writer hears the transfers have been lodged, so the distribution of the assets should soon be made. By the bye, what W.A. stock will get the bulk of the Ivanhoe money 1 THE CRITIC thinks Golden Horseshoes. Harvey Patterson, the plucky Barrier speculator, and who holds the big end of the Queen Margaret shares, has just recovered from a serious illness. Harvey is very sweet on B.H. Props. He reckons the co. is now only starting to mine, and therefore considers the shares an excellent purchase. And he does not make many mistakes. London contango rates for the October settlement were very stiff. In some instances, Westralian " carry overs " were charged as high as 13 to 15 per cent. At the next settlement, however, rates were somewhat easier. Messrs. Clarke & Co., Adelaide, have bought the rights to Messrs. M'Cartney, Robertson, and Smith's map of the Kalgoorlie field. This map shows the trend of the lodes and the workings on the various mines. A Kalgoorlie rumor is to the effect that a move is on foot to amalgamate the North Boulder and the Bank of England. It is difficult to see what object would be served by this combine, except to line the promoters' pockets. However, it will be time enough to think over it if a solid offer is made. Lake View Extended lode at the 200-ft. level samples from 1 to ozs. to the ton, and there is a 3 ft. width of stone. Since our last issue these shares have strengthened a few points, and if the good developments continue holders need not feel anxious about the market prospects of their scrip. Extendeds look the best of holding. Bank of England bagging ore, the "assay value of the gold per ton being over 30 ozs."' It is well to embalm these statements. Way these wires are worded would lead one to suppose that the whole of the ore is phenomenally rich, but the smelting returns will show it worth about 3 to 4 ozs. The Bank is to have 10-head mill and an electric rock drilling plant.. A crosscut is now going in at the 300-ft. level for the lode. Hannan's Croesus should be the next stock to jig, if there is any chance of a jig in the present wobbly market. Within a few days something should be known of the lode at the 300-ft. level, for which the co. is driving. Taking a cue from the developments in the upper levels, the Croesus promises to have a special blend of lode at the new level. And may it be the " best Scotch." . Croesus Proprietary had the worst luck to strike the lode in the shaft in the middle of the "slump." Had this development occurred a week or ten days earlier Props, would have had a run to the half- sov. One sampling gives 12 dwts., but until the water is coped with the true value of the stone cannot be gauged. Anyhow, the indication is pleasant for good stuff at the 300 ft. Queen Margaret for the month, 495 tons for 515 ozs. 17 dwts. Another 10-head stamps will soon be on the thump, and if the Margaret can stand the ounce on the larger tonnage she should soon make those promised divs. Kalgoorlie Proprietary : " South Level— Very good visible free gold, and the vein carries telluride of gold." At last the indications are favorable. If the writer remembers rightly, it is nearly two years since Kaufman put all his Eastern friends into this stock as one of the best of the field. Of course, he forgot to add that he was unloading a large parcel. However, the aforesaid news evidently affected the Kalgoorlie wire hummer, and he has been banging the wires severely about this mine. But the market hasn't responded a cent. There will be hair-tearing on the field by the crowd who want to get out. It takes something mightier than a sniff of telluride to shift the market these days. The correspondents had better unearth some 10-oz. stone. They could do that easily a year or so ago when they wanted to land the public with their scrip. The fact that Westralia is trebling its gold yield this year, and that it will spill over 700,000 ozs., marks a vast stride in the production of that once much calumnied province. A year or so ago W. A. was severely condemned in the most picturesque language, and to-day it is running the old Eastern gold producers neck and neck, with every prospect next year of giving them a bad beating. To step in a few years from the lowest rung to Australia's "boss" yielder is a feat that must induce Eastern speculators to turn a more serious attention to the young Western fields. It is the gold that talks, and the healthier it talks the brighter will be the prospects of a stirring boom next year. Lake View Souths are being steadily nibbled at on the promise of early developments at the 300-ft. level, where the lode should be broken into in a few days. Given a rattling strike Souths would have a cheering time as the stock is a fancy one. For a prompt flutter Souths promise well. Bayley's United, 600 tons for 800 ozs. Ihe mine will have to do better than that to make divs. for Bull. However, it is pleasant to see the pioneer once more on the yield list. But it would be interesting to know how long it took to get out that milling. McClay's Welcome (W.A.) inclined to take an upward turn on the market. Shaft down 145 ft. on 15 in. highly mineralised stone, comparing favorably with the 8 oz. sulphide ore won by the Queensland Menzies. Crosscutting about to take place at 100 ft. THE CRITIC has it on good authority that a firm of Adelaide brokers has induced London people to put up £10,000 working capital to develop the Sliding Rock copper mine near Beltana. It's a good property, and if the capital is spent underground in up-to-date work John Bull will never regret the spec. The old workings are only down about 30 fathoms. The water is heavy, but in good hands that will be overcome. . The new owners of the -Westward Ho gold mine, west of Mannahill (where Dr. Dickson dropped his stuff) are taking it in a businesslike manner. Mr. Deeble, with his new process, says that he can treat the ore. • Wallaroo and Moontas are a good copper stock to pick up for investment. Co. has paid 4s. in divs. this year, and next term will pay at least 6s. Whispered that the co. is included in a nice little London copper ring which has a number of mines that could, at short notice, turn out a big output of copper. Said that Wallaroo and Moonta is quite prepared for a large outturn, having fine faces of rich ore slabbed up waiting for higher prices. This co. is making every effort to secure ore both in N.S.W. arid Tasmania, and picked up some heavy parcels the other week. \- Mining matters on the Barrier during the past fortnight have been exceptionally dull. Hardly a glimpse of cheerfulness comes from any of the mines along the course of Broken Hill lode. The South mine is still going west after the soft ore at the 800 ft., the other leg of lode split by the horse of mullock. At any moment now this western branch may be struck. The remunerative workings are maintaining a satisfactory appearance, and, if wanted, can materially increase the present output. Additional section of Block 10's concentrating plant has made a very promising start, emphasised the more one sees of its work. Barring accidents, it should almost immediately beneficially, affect the week's product tally. Kelly's 715 ft. south drive looks particularly healthy. Although proved only 15 or 16 ft. across at the present point of stripping, it is widening going southward. Ore is of good average value, say 14 ozs. silver and 21 per cent. lead. Assistant-Manager Koehler will manage the Propty. when General-Manager Stewart goes on his holiday. Big accumulation of ore in the far west 300 ft. at the British now sufficiently cleared away to allow of men getting to the face. The big drive north is being pushed ahead as rapidly as •circumstances will allow. Ore at the 300 and and 400 ft. has not been of such good value lately, work being confined chiefly to stripping down and taking up ends. Overhead, however, at both levels, a body exists of immense width and length of good payable milling value. Re Junction, at Mclntyre's 675 ft. the co. is driving towards Browne's north drive. Long lapses of country come in between, and a considerable time must elapse before connection is made. At the Junction North's a large weekly output of astonishingly rich sulphides shortly should move shares up a bit. North Central's 700 and 550 ft. continue to look Al, and shares are firming slightly with the improved prospect. Men working at the 550 ft. can hear distinctly the miners in the Propty., about 40 ft. off. Manager Dawe is buoyant in his expectations. Silver Hill Junction, by the way, has saddled its scrippers with another call. Mill is still idle here, and Matt May, the engineer, whose experimental vanner was so highly eulo gised recently, has left the property. Broken Hill Souths going to pay another 6d. div. in J any. It is thought that with the big credit now to account, and the good weekly profits that are being made, the South will be able to pay a sixpenny dividend every six weeks. 33percent. interest oncapitalnottoo bad. Readers who took THE CRITIC'S tip to sell Crown Lyells must feel thankful. At anything over los., this paper plumped for selling. Prices moved to 17s., and within the week flopped to 5s. 7d., at which price they are still too high, considering the Crown is merely a paddock claim. The crowd talk about its great possibilities, but what work beyond surface scratching has been done to prove it ? It is a hot show, run by a red hot crowd. Also, it is doubtful if the Crown will get a smell of the North Lyell ore body. Only handle Crowns as a market gamble. Printed re the North Mount Lyell that " there is no gainsaying the fact tha,t a mine of remarkable richness has been unearthed." What the writer said over two years ago and has held to %ever since is only now being admitted by the sceptics. And what a nasty wipe in the eye it must be for that Mount Lyell expert—under the thumb of Bowes Kelly and co.—who told the London people, who had the first offer of floating the North, that it " hadn't the ghost of a chance." The North is going to be the " boss" mine of the field. The shares have weakened, and are now back to a healthy buying figure. The Barrier's only Gold Mine—The Diamond Jubilee. Messrs. Knox, Schlapp, and Orr hold 60,000 Curtin-Davis Props., and they have held them right through the piece, the agreement made with the London buyers of the co.'s shares preventing them from panning. Though the C.-D. is now admitted to be a failure—and the writer predicted that end December twelve months ago—it must be said that both Mr. Schlapp and Mr. Knox were very confident it would be a success, but developments during the last half-year proved the thin veins do not carry well. However, the Queen-street trio have got something better for scrippers in this Colebrook proposition, and they deserve a good word for the efforts they are making to profitably bring their followers out of the C.-D. disaster. General Manager Greenway, of Block 14, is having a holiday, and during his absence Mr. J. C. Moulden, a young Adelaidean, is running the 14. Falkner's, N.S.W., have started crushing. Battery and cyanide plant will now quickly remove all doubts as to the value and treatment of the stone Insiders are confident from recent tests that monthly Is. dividends will ensue. No. 2 South Gt. Eastern at bed rock rates. A section of Gympie speculators, having plunged on the stock, had their calculations badly upset, through the delay in shipping cable for electric plant in England. Plant all fixed, and cable should arrive next week, when work will be resumed on the reef. Clifton, Colebrook, Tas., well worth watching for developments. Scrip fairly good buying at 5s. Flotation of the Mt. Lyell Extended and Mt. Lyell Consols assured in London, but the Exte»ded issue is being kept back pending some more developments. Both Extendeds and Consols are the right lines to put away in the safe. Small fry Lyells have slumped out, just as THE CRITIC said they would when the pinch came. A curious thing is only one of the eastern duffer co.'s perked up right through the piece. Tasman. Lyells have a strong market crowd behind them, which seems to back and fill as the fancy takes them. They will have a good run on Melb. Change as soon as the tide turns. Numerous Melb. jobbers and punters have fallen in badly over Crown Lyell at over the top limit. Big firms doing a deal of " carrying over." North Prentice yields increasing by 5 dwt. per week. "Aint it sicknin'?" "Progress and development" wanted if they ever were. 6d. divs. instead of Is. Gt. Southern, Ruth., will be pumping early in '98. It was said they would be doing so six weeks ago. But those people did'nt know the ways of " Wallace management." North Duke dirt gave 13 ozs. 7 dwts. from machines. Not so good as last time. But still fair. Negotiations re-opened up for obtaining Cameron's ground without going to law. Spring Hill Lead's puddlers ready for work, and the dirt will be taken out next year. The rise in the branch drive is up 38 ft., without any water trouble ; but if they touch payable wash at once it will be remarkable. Anyhow, opening out, &c.;, will be well advanced before 1897 closes. Melb. people beginning to think South B.H. co. should pay Is. instead of a sixpenny div., and asking why more news as to finances is not available 1 No doubt mine is looking well. Crown Lyell have furnished the main topic of Melb. 'Change men, the great points being will they get the North Lyell ore body; will they float in London; will they get a show on their own even if they do not pick up the North run of pyrites % All off chances. A matter of far more general interest is whether the North Lyell new discovery is a pyritic sediment deposit or a true lode. The probabilities are in favor of the North Lyell containing both. Their western ground will probably become their best section. North Lyells Consolidated—formerly North Lyell and Tharsis Extended—a real good outside show. Work will be pushed forward with energy inside a week. " Jas." Crotty likely to take it in hand for London next year if developments satisfactory. Lode now 10 ft. wide; assays to 30 per cent, copper. Assuming that Mount Lyell contains only 10,000,000 tons of ore there is work for 10 smelters for 28 to 30 years. Dr. Peters in 1893 estimated 9,200,000 tons, and as only about 100,000 have been taken out to date and a deal of exploration work' has been done, 10,000,000 appears to THE CRITIC a very conservative estimate. The drop in Mt. Lyells is a startler, but it was only to be expected in the face of Chairman Kelly's denial that Manager Sticht did not make the 22,000,000 tons of ore in sight as an official statement. Britishers selling. But after all Australian scrippers need not worry. It will take the co. at least 30 years to work out the ore in the " blow." These shares are good buying at ruling rates, and THE CRITIC advises readers who require an investment to plank their spare cash into Lyells. It is the big mine of Australia. Columbia and Smithfield, Gympie (Q.), have 20 head of stampers running on first-class stone which promises a daisy yield. Workings generally looking Al, with fine bodies of stone to operate upon, good for numerous dividends. THE CRITIC has to acknowledge Messrs. Clarke & Co.'s Stock and Share List for November. It is the most complete circular issued in Australia, and in promoting the interests of the Westralian mining industry it has done remarkably good work. The November issue contains tables giving full details of all the West Australian companies traded in on the Adelaide market, and also particulars of the principal London owned Kalgoorlie and other companies. Also there is information of recent flotations and the reconstructions effected during the year. In fact, this circular contains a vast amount of information which is essential to the investor and speculator, and it is now recognised as the most reliable authority on the Western fields. Mr. Rutter Clarke is to be congratulated on the up-to-dateness of his list. The system he inaugurated of comparing and showing the monthly gold yields has now become the standard with all the newspapers and journals dealing with the subject, not only in Australia, bub also in London. 