Round About Ulverstone. (FBOMOUB TBAVEMJKG COEBESPOiSjEKT.) A little before the midnight hoar on Saturday, when ghosts and other undesirable forms, human and otherwise, are said to be given to roaming noiselessly about, one of them, appearing in the body, entered the Co- operative Company's store, and coolly struck a light to aid him, her, it, or whatever the visitor Was in reconnoitering- the premises, when suddenly some one belonging to the establishment, who happened to be there on some late mission or other, appeared on the scene. The light went out suddenly, and so did the operation, leaving no trace behind except a skeleton key in the front door, and a surprised and awe-stricken inan to meditate on the strange sights sometimes to be seen about the midnight hour— when spirits walk, etc. Mr Foster Leeke, who has recently completed the novel pony cart, in the construction of which there are 360 pieces and over 60 different kinds of Tasmanian wood, after spending a week here among his old friends, left for Melbourne last week, taking his cart with him. After spending a month in Victoria he intends sailing for England; will laud at Plymouth and drive to London, and after visiting his relatives in Yorkshite will go through the North of England and Scotland,- exhibiting his cart and also some SO different kinds of Tasmanian woods which he is taking with him, all labeled with tlieir scientific and common names, and the •locality in which they were grown, at all the places of note. Mr Lecke is an enthusiast in this line, and for years has made a study of the Tasmanian woods, and his contemplated extended trip should prove a greist factor in advertising them abroad. Bis wife accompanies him, and 1 sincerely hope they will derive the pleasure from the tour that such an original undertaking merits. The adjourned meeting of the West Devon Racing Club, held at the Oddfellows' Hall on Wednesday night, was fairly well attended. Mr W. M'Donald was voted to the chair. The canvassing committee reported that they had been most successful in enrolling members and receiving promises of liberal support generally, and a good list of names were handed in, out of which a strong representative committee was elected, with power to add to their number. Messrs. J. A. Fogg, jun., and H. G. K. Wells were appointed secretary and treasurer. It was decided that application be immediately made to the T.T.C. for permission to hold their initial meet on March 19, and that no time 11 be lost in putting the course is thorough racing order. It was also decided to at once engage the Town Hall for an entertainment on race night. With the interest now beiog taken in the formation of the club, and such energetic znen as the secretary and treasurer to work it up, I predict a successful future for this new sporting venture. 