The Advertiser. PULISennD EVERY TUESDAY, TnunsnI Y AND SATURDAY MOILnINO. Bairnsdale, Tuesday, October 12, 1807. TnE issue which the electors of Gipps· land North will have to try on Thurs day next at the poll is by no means a complicated one. The voter who is for measures, not men, will first of all cast about for the points of a policy upon which the candidates differ, and review. ing one by one the questions of import ance at present before the country come to the conclusion that there is very little to chose between them. Federation is still the biggest line on the political bill, and Mr M'Lean tolls the critics of his past actions that the question will not again come before Parliament, and that his or his rival's attitude toward it will be of no greater importance on account of his being a member of the Assembly. They are both in practical agreement on the question which provoked Mr M'Lean's hostility to the course of events in the federal movement-the gradual with drawal of the stock tax-both concur in approving, broadly, the policy out lined by Sir George Turner, and both equally hare their views upon the general fiscal question modified by their attitude to the stock tax-Mr John ston, the declared freotrader, holding that the sudden and complete with drawal of the duty would have a damaging effect upon Victorian inte rests, and his opponent, a pronounced protectionist, with far greater consis tency urging the retention of the levy for a period, on the ground that its immediate withdrawal would deal a damaging blow at pastoral intereste a belief, by the way, which no one has felt it possible to argue is entirely with sout foundation. At all points both gentlemen accept the situation as it appears to present itself to the electors in the great majority of the constituen cies all over the colony, and AMr John ston claims that he should be properly described as a Ministerialist. This, so far as we know, is his first essay as a politician. So that if he does not win his spurs on his first field, he will at all events have gained ex poriencoe which may help him in some future fight. It is not a novice who opposes him. Mr M'Loan has been in politics for close on twenty years, and has served both as private member and as Minister in more than one Govern ment in times of political stress, when party feeling ran high and great inte rests were at stake, served, too, with credit to himself and the constituency, carrying along with him throughout the whole of his careeoor a reputation for candor, fair dealing, and honesty, which no opponent has over attacked: This is no more than the simple truth. It is a subject upon which the electors of Gippsland North cannot be misled. They know the man in and out, and whilst it would be absurd to abuse a capdidato simply becauseo he is. a stranger, a long record of honest work is a more weighty recommendation than a tender of promises, the value of which is an unknown quantity. It will be readily admitted that the present is a time when such services as Mer M'Lean can render should not be lightly rejected. The coming Go vernment is pledged to land reform. Large areas of Crown land in our own district are to be thrown open to selec tion, and in arranging the terms upon which occupancy may be rendered pro ltablo to the leose, whilst guarding state interests, Mr Ih'Lean is looked upon as one of the very first authori ties. In a telegram-published in another column-replying to a ques tion as to the truth of a rumor which has been spread for the purpose of damaging Mr M"'Leno's prospects in the election, Sir George Turner says: -" So far as I am concerntd there is not the slightest necessity for Mr M'Loan to retire "-from the Ministry -"as federation is not in any way n Government question. I should very much regret to lose the advice and assistance of one of the most able and conecientious colleagues I have" clearly a renewal of the expressed desire that the special knowledge which Mr M'Lean obtainod as Minis ter of Lands, and his also exceptional practical acquaintance with pastoral cancerns, should be available for the important work of preparing and carry ing the measures of land reform which are an important plank in the Govern ment platform. We confess we see no compensation in the tender of Mr Johnston's services for the exclusion from Parliament of a politician of Mr M'Lean'e calibre. Whatever Mr Johnston's qualifica tions may be they will weigh lightly in the scale against the assured integ rity and approved ability of the expe rienced Parliamentarian whose inte rests are identical with those of the electors, who knows what they want, understands what will be for their benefit, and can set about the very best way of getting it for them. It may possibly be a good thing for a rural constituency to have a lawyer as representative, but it is better, other things being equal, to have a pus. toralist. There may be some advan toges in a member living in the city ; we prefer a country resident. And these are but a few of the considera tions that we think should, and will, tell at the ballot boxes. Mr Johnston need not be ushamed of being defeated. No one, no are convinced, except a strong local man, who, there was sub stantial reason for believing, could render better service to the district, and play a more commanding part in the political life of Victoria, would have the ghost of a chance of sending to the rightabout so old, tried, and, withal, so distinguished a fellow citizen. as Mr 3M'Lean. And whilst saving so there is no reason to withhold from Mr Johnston an acknowledgment of his perfect right to fight the seat, and an expression of the conviction that he will have left no enemies behind him when the battle is over. TcE electors of Gippeland East will probably not find much difficulty in deciding between the rival merits of Mrit Foster's performances and Mr Conant's promises. The latter, expert special pleader that he is, ingeniously points to what Mr oster habo not done, rather than to the things he has done that he should have left unperformed, leaving it to be inferred that the Minister of Mines' sins have been those of omission rather than commission. This is a comparatively safe line of criticism. "Why didn't your member get you £50,000 for making roads of national importance, as I would have done ?" asked, in effect, Mr Conant at Lucknow. "If I had been able," he should have added. It seems, now, a perfectly safe thing to say that if Mr Foster had not boon member for Gippe land East, the member for Gippaland East would not have been Minister of Mines, in which case the Croajingo long cut-a prodigiously large one out of the £140,000 which Parliament voted for mining development, would not have been secured, even taking it for granted that the vote for that sum was passed, a point thatis by no means certain, since in the case of agricul ture, whose claims were strongly pressed by the Minister for that de dartment, a retrenching Government could only be squeezed to the extent of some £40,000 or £50,000. Mr Foster has deserved well at the hands of the constituency, and the telegram -published elsewhere-received last night from our Omeo correspondent, appears to indicate that even in that supposed stronghold of his opponent his services are accorded a very fair degree of recognition. It was incorrectly stated in our last issue that Mrse Rowo died at the Bairnodale HIospital. The decoared lady died at her mother's residenc, Bairnedle. The Bairnadalo Braes band will play a solect programme of musia on Bun day aftcrnoon in the Mitchell Gardens. In the report of the discussion on the rate question in the shiro council on last Thursday the observations of Councillor Payne were inadvertontly attributed to Councillor Drovormann, and vice versa. The Tnmbo Shiro Council has do eided to strike an eightoon-ponny rate on all ratoeable property in 'tho'shiru. This is an advance of 0d in the £, and will give increased revenue of between £200 and £300, which is absolutely oecsesary to meet the working ox pensee of the shire. Next year the limit of the bank ovordraft.will be in creased from £900 to £1300. Notice of motion hans been given for next meeting, says the T. and O. Times, that during the year 1898 the meetings of the council be hold on Tuesday.in each month on or before the date of each full moon. Mr Arthur French, dentist, will be in Bairnedalo from the 5th till 11th November. The Melbourne City. Council on Saturday adopted a report and plane for the extension of tbh city abattoiro at a cost of £120,000. The date of the sale by Meesar Desailly, Macarthur and Co, of Messer Evans Bros. shooeep has been extended to the 23rd inst. One thousrad tons of o:o are re quired to be packed fromthoeMonnt IDeddick Company's mine to the Wul gulmerang waggon road. Tenders for this work are adverlised iL this day's issue. Ir IIuxley, one of the lucky Lon donderry party, is reported to have purchased the Home Plain estate, a mile and a half from hIaffra, contain ing 2000 acres, at £12 I0s per acre, or £25,000 in all. The new Parliament will meet for business on the 20th inst. The mom bars of the Assembly will be sworn in on Monday, thle 25th lont, by the Chbief Justice, who will be assistod by another judge of the Supreme Court. William Satanley Warren, local land commissioner, at Rockhampton, was fatally injured by a gun shot on Friday, how inflicted is not at at present ac curately known. Warren was to appear at the police court on a charge of using defaced stamps with intent to defraud. Ho died at noon, It was recently deceided by thi postal authorities to issue a 1ld stamp, which will be particularly useful for newspapers sent abroad which are above the ordinary rate. The new stamp was issued on Friday. It is of tho same design as the halfpenny stamp, but is coloured green. Two extraordinary falls of rain have taken place in the Beechworth district during the past few days. On Friday night, at Stanley and elsewhere, thbo rain was the color of brickduot, and the water in tanks was found quite muddy. The same thing happened last week, but the last fall was much heavier and the color deeper. Earthquake shocks continue at Toupo, Now Zealand. Sometimes six or seven are felt in five minutes. The volcanoes Ngaurnhoo and Temoara are both very active, omitting large columns of black smoke. There appears to be some activity under Lkoe Taupo, the water of which is in parse warm and sulphuroue. Boys, girls, and even woman, are travelling to Maffra from Molbourno and various parts of Gippeland to work on the sugar boat flulds. It is said that a lot of the boys get work at raspberry picking in the season. They are being bhoarded at ?affra at 9s and 10s a head, which leaves them 5s for themselves. It is expected that the lads will remain in the district until the hop-picking season. Already the dairymen, says the Timces, are finding their boys anxious to get away to the now work, and wages on the farms will rise a little for a time. Mr T. Smith, a ferryman, of Port Adelaide, went to Torrons Island, in company with Lewis, the chief steward of HIttf.S. Orlando, for a day's shoot ing. The men had a ferret with them for the purpose of hunting up rabbits. The method was to place the animal in the burrows, and to shoot at the rabbits as they made their appearance. Smith, it seems, was firing, when, by some means, his compaision, who was a short distance away, received the full charge in the left ear, and before assistance could be rendered the unfortunate man was dead. The Coolgardio-police have ascer tained that four men who stayed at the Denver City Hotel on the night of the fire are missing. The names of three of them are Dowling, Johnson, and Mortimer, and the other was a man from out back, who did not give his name. Three of the men were seen to escape from a side window, but it is supposed that one of the quartet was burned. The medical examination of the incinerated remains points to the conclusion that they represent two persons, one of whom seems to have boon a woman. A child named George Jennings, aged 3, was lost in the bush at Croydon on Thursday. He wandered away early in the morning, and was not missed for some time. A search was made, and he was tracked three miles When his tracks were lost. Ho had only a shirt on him when he started off. The search was continued all night, and a party laed by a black tracker found the body, which was decomposing. The child must have died from the heat, which regis tered 105 in the shade. At the half yearly meeting of the Bank of Australasia, held in London, the Earl of Lichflold, who presided, in moving the adoption of the report and bolance sheet, said that British in vestors should recogniso that with prtdent statesmanship the Australasian colonies would have a great future with federation, and Australasian Go vernment etocki would be as high in the market no Canada's. The visit of the colonial Premiers and troops to England for the jubilee celebrations had helped to strengthen and develop the volume of trade between England and Australia. Ie believed that Aus tralia's wonderful vitality would soon secure a complete recovery of its prosperity. He thought, however, that the independent and disunited action of Australian producers was productive of injury to its frozen meat trade, Clear of all liabilities, the estate in Victoria of the late Mr Thomas Budds Payuo, of Maritime, Toorak road, South Yarrc, has been sworn at the value of £665,540 9s 3d. ol 1 Io I o!--" Hoe your own, row" with Lloyd and Co's Maize Hoes, latest expanding cultivators and Hop Plows, Maize Planteor, city price' -AD. Mosere Abosamra and Farbood, watchbmakers and jewellers, thank the public of Bairnsdalo and district for the patronage accorded them since opoening their branch here. The orders they have received have exceeded their expcctations. Mr Farhood is at present hero on a visit from their head establish mont at Beeehworth, with a large as sortment of clocks and watches and jewollery of all kinds. The public are invited to call and inspect these goods. They are all gems of good workman ehip.-An. It having become an established fact that W. Cambridge, the Melbourne cash draper, is the cheapest draper and (clothier in Bairnedalo, those ivho wish to save money should give him a triala. Note the address, Blain stroot, Bairnsdalo, two doors from Bush's store.-AD. Important Announcement.- Shan non Bros. beg to notify the public that they have now received a largo portion of their new spring millinery, and are daily opening the latest novelties of the season in all other departments. A thoroughly competent milliner has been engaged. Shannon Broes, the Beehive, Bairnedalo.-Ad. An announcement of rather more than ordinary interest is that Maeon and Carter are holding, for two weeks only, from Saturday, October 2nd, a grand clearing sale to make room for the now season's purchases. Bargains in glassware, faney goods, toys, sta tionery, basketwork, musical instru ments, tobacconists, oundries, etc. An. Invalid brandy, Irvine's pure grape brandy, awarded bronzo medal Bordeaux Exhibition, 1805.-J. O. Dahlseon and Co., wine and spirit merchante, Nichol son street, Bairnsdale.-An. Dreesmaking.-O'Byrno Bros. beg to inform the ladies of Bairnsdale and district that they hoave engaged Miss Lilian Roberts to take charge of their rooms. Mies Roberts has been con nected with some of the boat dress making establishments in Melbourne, including Madame Elise's, Mliss Dun aton'e, and for the 10st fire years at Stainer's. The rooms are now open. Ante. In order to make their dress deparl ment as popular as it deserves to be, and tin :order to make room for the heavy shipments of dress goods con stautly coming to band, S. Feilehoufeld and Co. have determined to allow a cash discount of 3S in the £ on all dress materials purchased during this month. Tho stock of dress goods is exceedingly heavy, and consists of the latest productions of the Eunglish and Continental markets, and S. eoilchen feld and Co.'s extremely low prices, which will be now subject to an extra ensh discount of 3s in the £, will make their superior reliable dress goods fully 50 per cent cheaper thnou similar goods could be purchaseod in Melbourne.-An . Montgomery's Sonbeam IHairdressing Saloon is now the cleanest and prettiest in the colony. Everything in it is now, except M?ontgomery himself. It is really a most attractive place. The tobacco and cigars sold there are also the best. It is between Lloyd's and Shannon Bros., Main street, Bairnsdals.-An. 