the guost in armour. . - A CHRISTMAS STORY. BY BILLY NUTTS.. What may this in n, . q'li ,t iliou, dead cor-e, again in complete s'ct 1, RpvUtrst thus the glimpses of the moon, Making night hideous ? \- - Shakespb re. ; II- w odd.a single hobgoblin's nonentilty / Should can e .more fear than a whole h gsi'a identity. 1 V . — JIYB0N. 1 lie ghost- the ghost again 1 y1- . y dickk -s. I met him quite "jyimiscous like," as,we used to say i» .London. It was in the "roaring fifties,' when there was a new rush ahoat every winter, and we .ill struck tents .'idjiunipcd our swags and started fir tlieoiew gold field. . I had been fos sicking iibout Daisy Hill with varying luck when' the news came of the splendid finds at Fiery Creek. 1 believe it is now allied Beaufort, and you can travel there luxuri ously by railway for a few shillings, but there were no such conveniences then, and we thought nothing of " padding the hoof" wherever we wanted to go. So like the rest I rolled up my blankets and made for the new Eldorado, camping at night wherever darkness might overtake me if a roadside inn were not available. It was on the second evening of my tramp, and the short winter's day was closing in when I turned off the road, and selecting a sheltered place in the bush, slung my sheet of calico on a cord between two saplings, closed the back with some bushes, and having thrown in a thick layer of leafy buugfis mid opicacl out, my blankets, started a fire and slung my billy to prepare my tea. The dry limbs I had collected cracked cheerily and threw out a bright radiance, and having everything thus comfortable for the night, I tilled my pipe and squatted on a log in readi ness for the billy to boil, while 1 indulged in the soothing influence of the weed. It was not long before the welcome ebullition took place, and having thrown in the proper proportion of tea, I had taken off the billy and set it by the fire to draw when 1 heard a step coming along the track. It was the firm and quick step of a young man, and presently as it came near it turned off from the beaten track and made for my fire. As the owner of the footsteps came into view I took careful stock of him, for in those rough times you could not be too careful as to whom you might chum with. As he came within the light of my fire it struck mo that lie was of a rather different class to tlj,e majority who then formed the digging fraternity. He was a young man, as I expected, tall and of rather slender build, with clear refined features which bore an habitual smile. . His short curly brown hair was surmounted by a dilapidated straw bat, he had no coat, which was nothing. extraordinary iu those days, hut was habited in a ragged striped cotton shirt and tweed trousers of a fashion able cut but now weather stained and patched at the knees. He carried the inevitable roll of blankets and as he ap proached he threw these from his shoulder with asigli of relief and lifting his tattered \v.\t with quite a gentlemanly air addressed me with "Good evening, mate, can1 I light my pipe at your fire ?" " Of course you can" I replied " make yourself at home." W ith that lie cast himself down at full length and resting his arm on his sivag, stretched out his legs and sucked away at lits pipe with evident enjoyment. Where are you bound to, mate ?" I asked with all the freedom of the bush. " Well" said lie " I was making for I icry Creek, but 1 don't- know when I'll get there, for the fact is I'm getting rather footsore. How far is it to the next pub ?" " That's more than I can tell you" said I "its the the first time I've been on this track but I'm going there too, so you had better come to an anchor and stop where you are, for its getting rather too dark to travel. " Dark," he repeated, with a laugh, 'why. man, it's a glorious night," with1 a long enjoyable drawn out utterance of the word "glorious," "just the night for a tramp, only I hardly feel fit." 1 was not long in discovering this was his favorite expression. He was of that happy optimistic temperament that views everything through rosy spectacles, and as I experienced afterwards, no matter what trouble might come upon him, he only laughed and declared it was "glori ous." Even when he once fell into a swollen creek, while crawling over a log and was nearly swept away, only gaining the bank by bis undoubted skill as a swimmer, when he got a footing on terra tirma , he burst out with his cheery laugh and "Isn't this glorious?" although- he was streaming with water. In fact he was of just the happy-go-lucky adventur ous disposition, equal to either fortune which has inspired so many young Eng lishmen to seek fortune far from the land of their birth, aud liiakc a pile or fill a nameless grave. Without prolonging my narrative I may say that he frankly accepted my iuvita- tion to remain and spend the night with me,1 and next morning we started on the road together like good "comrades, and for months after arriving on the Fiery Creek diggings were firm friends and capital mates. Our acquaintanceship as partners never gave much insight into his previous life. He gave me his name as Frank Heath, - and told me he had been rather wild in his youth, and had been discarded by his family with a strong recommendation to try and retrieve his character at the Anti podes— advice upon which he had very promptly acted. He was a vigorous worker, early and late, and no reverse of fortune seemed to depress him. We sank hole upon hole in what we considered the best places, and whenever we bottomed a 1 iulfer" lie would laugli aud slap me on the back, aud shout "Isn't this glorious, Bill?" Of course 1 felt annoyed at times, but his good humor always overcame me. The only time i saw him at all depressed was once or twice when I happened to be snoozing of an evening after supper, and would wake up to find him steadfastly re- g-uding a locket, which he always carried hung round his neck by a slender gold chain, and which he quickly hid away ; "hen he saw I was awake. I used to chad him sometimes about this, but he > only laughed, until one evening, when lie ; seemed more than usually > serious, he showed ine the interior of the locket, a mitia- j Ve photograph > of a girl, not particularly | "«some, but with' an indescribably 5vreo, > expression that would justify any i !nH" infatuation. He told me she was of > humbleXirth, but that they had plighted , their troth, and iu spite of all > opposi- ij tlon she was willing to wait until he could ,1 teturn to IWland > and claim her with a .-.I wmpetencj. an an 0j(j p,ufferj and accus- ;,1 > Jon>ed to thtne youthful extravagances, "ut 'hat- tin., j must admit I fully > mi sJtnpathised with loving young pair, M and heartily wished jlem success. > But . it w is only occasionally ..,ililt we indulged i \ in these > confidences, and so things went r. \ on with varying fortune. \ After some > months of baaiuck j was Wit in the little township one Saturday Vornoon, and > inquiring for letur8 for 'taelf and mate was handed out on». a trX' ®cla > looking envelope, ad dress tq Frank Heath, Esq.," and bearing l-iial of a > Melbourne firm of solicitors. I' Yll never forget the look of liim as 1 "wed > the letter to him on my return, ff Tead the contents he was evidently > anetffi and his eyes grew moist, so that ivra k"ne k b oot and chop fire- < > V ? ,%;l while. When I returned and ",c.'%had our supper, he told me > lJliu,l»tt he had received important "t"6 M 'ie linn of solicitors with j > 10111 lyays left his address aud that 10 woulM.e „0 t0 Melbourne at once 011 > ""Pffilt business. Of course I snored Wmcanfc some change in his i tuues Bj > only wished him "good let and»arted with the promise on is part tttrite from > Melbourne and pwm I never heard fiom him again, but as I - soon after started for the Ararat rush and afterwards made for the Indigo diggings in the Ovens district, his letter, if he ever wrote, may be lying some where yet unclaimed, However in the excitement ..of those days this did not trouble me' much. I merely concluded that he had eitlier returned to England or started for some other part of the world and I would probably never see him again in., this life. In those times friendships were quickly made and as quickly severed, and after a year or two I had ceased . to think of my old mate Frank as but a plea sant memory and sometimes to wonder in a lazy sort of way what had become of him. So time passed on until Fortune at la-t smiled . upon me and after a few mouths work in the mountains of the Upper Murray district I found myself -with a nice comfortable sum in the bank which would warrant ine in taking a well-earned and much desired holiday. As was but natural I felt a renewed desire to take a trip home, and have another look at the old country, it might be for the last time, before returning to the sunuy land of the southern hemisphere which 1 had learned to love so well. So after due cogitation I yielded to the impulse, and it did not re quire much to do so you may believe, and having made all financial arrangements, I made my way to Melbourne, and soon after was speeding across the Indian Ocean, revelling. in the sense of freedom which invariably comes to those who have always been accustomed to a seafaring life, and find themselves once more upon what to them seems their native element. My voyage was uneventful, possibly be cause with my innate bashfulness I fore bore to engage a saloon passage and mingled with the motley, crowd in the steerage, which was more . to , my ...taste after the Free and easy life of the diggings. Suffice it to say that we made the voyage in good time, and late in the year I found myself stranded in London, with out a friend or acquai itance, and with a very vague idea of what I was going, to do with myself for the next month or two. It was in November when I readied the city, and although the fogs aud murky air peculiar to that month recalled my youthful days, I found the atmosphere decidedly unpleasant after so many years of blue sky and brilliant sunshine. Then the constant din and rush of business, the hurrying crowd in which I was a total stranger, and all the fierce and feverish activity of daily life in the huge metro polis, wearied and depressed me. I had visited all my youthful haunts and been to all the amusements and was wondering where and how I would pass my English Christmas when the thought struck me " You have often wished for the time and means to take a round turn through rural England, why not do it now that you have the chance ? " I cogitated over this idea for a day or two discussing the pros and cons. Why should I not spend my leisure in strolling through the various counties viewing the ancient castles aud ruined abbeys which lend such a charm to the English landscape, the stately homes of county magnates, the battle-fields of past centuries and other points of interest of which I had read and heard so much. " Yes, by Jove, I'll do it," f exclaimed, " and the sooner I get out of this noisy and murky hole the better." It had al ways been my firm opinion that to properly appreciate the scenic beauties of any country -you must do so quietly and de liberately, and to follow this out there was nothing to equal a pedestrian tour, which after my colonial experiences "on the wallaby " and at such a season would not- be much of a task. So one clear frosty morning I packed up a few requirements in a light satchel, for I always approved of Sir Charles Napier's remarks to his officers in Tnclia when he did away with the cumbrous bullock waggons which im peded the march of his troops, that " All they needed to carry willi them was a clean shirt and a bar of soap." I certainly added a few other articles, but my experi ence of "s wagging it" had taught me what a number of things could be done without, so as 1 strapped my pack upon my shoulders I was not seriously inco'n voniuuccA- t.y Jto- wmoht. 1 took the traiu on the Great Northern Wue-ror's'ome miles out until I luicl left the great wilderness of bricks and mortar far behind, and dropping off at a small country station I refreshed the inner man at a cosy little roadside inn with a dish of ham and eggs washed down with a draught of good Old English Ale, the real stingo, and then lighting my pipe struck off upon the road to the heart of England, walking delightedly in the fresh crisp air between interminable rows of hedges, which formed so pleasant a contrast to the bare post and rail fences of colonial scenery. It -was rapturous thus to stroll easily along over the gently swelling rises and falls of the midland counties, the well tended fields on either side stretching away to the horizon, here and there broken by a village of whitewashed cottages nestling in a hollow amid a grove of trees, through which ran a clear brook with its ceaseless gentle murmur, and out from which rose the square tower of the village church shrouded in ivy which had been the growth of centuries. Then there was the meeting on the road with jolly redfaced farmers riding to market, or their equally jolly dames and their daughters with such clear and rosy complexions as seem to bloom only in an English climate, making for the next town, jogging along iu chaise or spriug cart ; the old-fashioned lumbering waggons with their wheels nearly a foot abroad, even then becoming scarce with the extension of the far reaching railways, with their smpck-frocked drivers, as well as pedes trians of all sorts and conditions, but who all saluted me with a cheery " Good day," and the usual "compliments of theseason." For it was the beginningof December when I left London, and so novel and varied were the scenes through which I passed tliat two or three weeks slipped away almost without note of time and it was within a few days of Christmas when, from the summit of a general rise, I one afternoon looked upon an ideal English landscape _which spread ; before me. At the foot" of the hill the road crossed a quaint old stone bridge of one arch, which spanned a lazily meandering stream, and then wound between the two rows of scattered cottages with thatched or tiled roofs which formed the village street. Then it rose up a gentle acclivity opposite, near the top of which 1 could iust faintlv distinguish, in the fast gather- ing gloom of the quickly approaching night, the humble churchyard with its rude head-boards to its graves surround ing the village church, with its tapering spire and weathercock gleaming redly in the glow of the last lingering gleams of the winter sunlight, on the right, and upon the left a thickly wooded enclosure, above which appeared the turrets of a large mansion. I halted by the roadside for some minutes and smoked contem platively while I viewed such a typical English landscape, which seemed a very haven of rest for a weather- beaten wanderer to lay up his hulk in quiet repose until the summons came to voyage to a distant, unknown shore. But my meditations did not last long. There had been partial falls of snow during my tramp and now the gleaming white flakes began to descend with a steadiness and increasing volume which boded a heavy downfall, so I picked up my pack and set off briskly down the hill just as the lights began to twinkle from .the cottage windows. I was not long in tiding the village inn, which in accord ant with rural custom had a sign board swinging from a post in front, representing a most ferocious looking rampant Red Lion, and turning from the road made for the open doorway the glowing light from which and the bright crimson of the cur tains in the windows seemed to exteud a cheerful welcome to weary wayfarers like myself. I was soon 'made. at home in that hearty fashion which one seems to meet with only in an English country inn and sat' dowu with the resolve to pass a few days here until the weather cleared, quite oblivious of the startling experiences I was to go through in that quiet retired nook fa the immediate future. (To bt continued.) 