Sales and ffeetchcs. PUBLISHED BT. SPECIAL AEKANGESCEKT. The Watchman of Orsden Moss. BY J. MONK FOSTER, Author of 'The Slaves of Fate,' 'A Miner's Million,' 'Children of Darkness,' ?'Through Flood and Flame,' 'Qaeen of the Factory,' ' A Pit Brow Lassie,' ' The White GIpBy,' *' The Mine Master's Daughter,' 4c, &c.; COFTBIGHT. Chapter XXVL— The New Master of Orsdeet Moss. A week or two had passed away, and matters in the village of Orsden Green were flowing along very much in the channels they had pursued prior to the sadden death and inquest npon Aaron Shelvocke and the old The three relatives of the late Master of Oraden Hail were residing together at the big house, and, save for the absence of their uncle's genial presence, there was little change perceptible. Still there was a difference between Mat and Levi and Naomi — a difference which each individual of the trio felt moat clearly, and yet endeavoured neither to see nor feeL Shortly after the interment of Aaron Shel vocke the 'last will and testament' of the deceased mineowner was produced by Mr. George Scott, the Coleclougfa solicitor, whom the testator had constituted his legal adviser. That document was doly attested and proved, its validity wasnever qoestioned, and Matthew Shelvocke, Esq.. stepped practically into the shoes of his dead irinniwn. To his niece, Naomi Shelvocke, Aaron had . 'bequeathed the comfortable sum of five thousand pounds, free of legacy duty; to his nephew, Mr. Levi Blackahaw, two-fifths of that amount : all else, with the exception of small legacies to old friends and servants, became the absolute property of ' My dear nephew Matthew,' to have and to hold un conditionally for ever. Tht« the young toid g-rnif n p g**1* iwund him self suddenly lifted from a comparatively obscure position to one of considerable importance, influence, and weal t±L The exact amount of the fortnne be had inherited was difficult to estimate ; it could not be less than twenty thousand pounds, and probably might run to five or ten thousand more. But for maay days Mat did not trouble his brain much with thoughts of his newly aoqnired affluence and dignity. He was cnrprised that his nude bad treated him so generously ; was delighted to have placed in liis hands such undying and indisputable proof of Aaron Shelvocke'a goodwill and esteem, and while he felt sorry in a sense that his two tinnritii had less ciow to remember their dead kinsman affectionately, there were other Matters that pressed upon him for attention. The day after the burial of his uncle's remains Mat proceeded to the colliery as usual, descended the mines, and discharged the ordinary duties of the position to which he had grown accustomed. To ?!! the miners his he was still their manager, and they were bis co-wdrken, and a stranger to the pits would never have imagined that Mai was lord and master of all be surveyed. He was quieter than of old, more reticent and thoughtful, but not less kindly and considerate to the workers on the Moss. His finely-marked brown face had grown paler and graver, as if nis outlook upon life i»*«'| undergone some deep change ; and the look of introspection and speculation which had become habitual with him now gave riee to many surmises. The defection of Lettice Forrester was still a thorn in hia aide, and strive as he would to pot all thought of her behind him, the ghost of his strong, young love refused to be hud. Every time his eyes rested upon the fair .woman the wound bled anew ; and sometimes, ?«hen lie caught her sadlv reproachful, soft, £-tue eyes upon him, be felt inclined to ques tion the truth of what be had seen. And apart from this trouble of the heart he -bad other, and perhaps graver, anxieties. There was the mystery surrounding his ancle's strange end ; Naomi's sudden resolve to quit «the village for good — a resolution Aaron's .death seemed to have swept away ; and, minally, the unknown trouble which appeared to have arisen between his ancle and Levi Blackahaw. Why Aaron Shelvocke had deserted Kaomi En Wales, and come back secretly to Orsden Green, was a riddle to which Mat in vain sought the key. The more he cudgelled has brains for a solution of the puzzle, the more enigmatical tiie mystery became i *rii| still, even when the fogaround him seemed thickest, Mat felt most positive that there was much to be discovered. On various occasions Mat had visited the never-to-be-forgotten spot in the airways ?where his node's dead body was found. Sosutimes he had taken the under-Iooker or dreraan with him, and together they had tried ?vainly to disentangle the Gordian knot. Even when alone he was not more success ful in his mental gropings. He was like a -man straggling blindly in the dark ; and turn which way he would, peer here and there as be night, no ray oX light came to him. 'The stone that Bad been found resting on Aaroa Saelvocke's broken skull still remained intact, propped against the side of the repaired gallery. Again and again the young man had bent his gaze upoa that slab of rock, into the grain of which some portion of bis ancle's life blood had sunk, and wondered what story it would have unfolded coold it but speak. When Mat had ordered the massive fragment to be placed aside and preserved he had thought that the texture of the rock would reveal from which part of the roof it had {alien ; bat examination of the various layers of slaty -shale composing the roof had proved fruitless, and he was still tumble to say whether the stone bad fallen accidentally on the boned man, or been flnog there pnrposely. On the night following the inquest at Orsden Hall, Mat had made his way to the colliery on the Moss with the intention of speaking to the night winder, Stanforth, who had volun teered to give information before the inquiry terminated. Mat had been strongly impressed by what the man had stated ; had wondered greatly that the important point he had raised was not considered more carefully by the coroner and jury ; and it was to satisfy himself more thoroughly on the matter that he sought his workman. It was nearly midnight when Mat crossed the bank of the pits and entered the engine house, the door of which stood ajar. He found Stanforth alone with that evening's paper in his hand, and the anxious look on the man's face showed the manager bow mttters stood. The following conversation took place between them : 'Good night, Lolce,' he cried, genially, in order to set the e igineer at his ease. ' I daresay you can gneea why I have called to Bee yon Y* ' I think I can, air,' Stanforth had answered. ' I am sorry — very Borry, sir, but I thought it was my duty to speak.' 'Of course it was, and Fm glad you did your duty!' Mat rejoined, frankly. 'But there is one thing I want you to do first of all. Lake. Rid your mind of all uneasiness on my account wfll yon ? So far from blaming you for what you said, I am only sorry that you didn't speak out sooner. 'I onght to ha' done bo, mester, but I didn't like,' the man said slowly. ' That's it. You didn't like, Luke ; and I know why you didn't like. Ton kept your mouth closed on my account, and you only opened it because you were half-afraid of of what might happen to you if you kept back what you happened to know.' 'That's God's truth, air !' Stanforth exclaimed, fervently. 'I know it is. I could see how reluctant you were to come forward — how disagreeable it was to tell what you knew — and I knew also why you were so uneasy about it alL You thought that if old Dan Coxall apoke the truth to you, when he said my uncle was going down the pit with his nephew, the nephew in question was myself.' ' What else could I think, sir ? I knowed you went down the pits at a' hours, an1 who 'Yes,* I see it all, Stanforth, ' Mat broke in. 'God knows I didn't go with him. How could I when I was travelling all that night between ten and twelve o'clock ? Bat someone went down with my uncle, and what I have to discover is, who that man was ?' 'Thai's it, mester*' Stanforth replied. *' Bat on'y owd Dan Coxall can tell you that.' 'And he is beyond speaking,' Mat re joued, with a low, dogged vehemence. 'But,' he added with sparkling eyes. 'I will find out— I will find out, if I spend the whole of my life and my uncle's fortune in the work.' The rrutn did not make any rejoinder, but his face showed that Mat's words and manner had made an impression upon him. What ever he might have thought before, it was easy to see that he no longer believed that hia yonng master had accompanied his old em* ployer when he went into the mine that night. Feeling still far from satisfied. Mat made it his business on the day following to call npon Sergeant Roberta, to whom he explained bis own feelings of uneasiness concerning the manner of his kinsman's death. The sus picious circumstances surrounding the tragedy demanded the most earnest and careful investigation, and, if the officer deemed an inquiry necessary, he was prepared to employ one of the smartest detectives that conld be found in England. The officer listened patiently, and when Mat had concluded spoke freely, yet with the caution peculiar to a shrewd policeman. It was, he admitted, a singular thing that Aaron Shelvocke should eical away from Wales and po into bis own mines onder'cover of the night ; bat singular things were happening every day in the world, if one only cared to take note of them. Ad Mat knew, iiis uncle had hia own way of looking at things, aud, probably, when he paid that unexpected and tecret Wait to the colliery he was only doing so to satisfy him self that everything was being properly attended to in his absence. Unfortunately, his perhaps excusable curiosity had cost him his life. As for old Coxall'b statement to the man at the engines that Shelvocke was accompanied by one of bis nephews, that could be eaaOv understood and explained. Aaron and the watchman were old friends, and the master, in all probability, had taken Dan into his confidence. Hence the statement that two were to go down the pit, when in reality only one man wished to go. ' Bat who came op the pit some time after - wardf ?' Mat queried, unsatisfied. ' No one came up,' was the answer. ' Luks Stanforth only imagines somebody did. But as no one was working that night £ enppose he would have plenty of time to dream of things, wouldn't he ?' Feeling that it was useless to argue the point further Mat desisted. Besides, the only babis be bad for argument was suspicion, which might prove groundless. Hence he retained to the Hall with a mind still filled with vague misgivings and intangible doubts. In the days that followed there was no exchange of opinion between either two of the three cousins regarding the remarkable way in which their joint benefactor bad come by hiB death. Various matters which had happened prior to that sad event had set a seal upon the lips of Mat and Naomi, and Levi Blackshaw never alluded to the tragedy even in the remotest way. Occasionally the new master of Oraden Hall wondered why the dead man had Bet him on watch and guard against .Levi, and although Mat and Naomi had spoken of that matter in Wales neither had ever ventured to renew the discussion. And thus two or three weeks wore away, the trio of cousins living under the aame roof, eating often at the same table, con versing with each other with apparent freedom, yet with an 'raw' bat quite palpable cloud of restraint hanging over them alL Sometimes Mat attributed this lack of heartiness and good feeling to his own great fortune. Levi and Naomi were inclined to resent the undoubted partiality bis ancle had shown him at their cost He was no nearer than they were to the dead man, and it was unnatural that one should take almost all, to the exclusion of others who were also his own flesh and blood. TfauB Mat thought at times, and then be would smile in a grave, forgiving way. In time he would show them he was far from mercenary ; for the nonce there was more to think of than mere worldly gear. One morning about this time, Mat Sbel vocke found among the batch of coannnnica tiona the earliest post brought him. a letter which startled and annoyed him not a trifle. Almost the first glance at tfae n.issive aroused a keen interest in his breast, and when he turned to the auonymoos signature appended to the note he thrust I he eheet into his pocket, with an effort to appear indifferent, which did not escape the prying eyes of hia cousins whs were at breakfast with him. Half-an-hoar Liter when be was alone — Blackshaw had gone to the colliery offices, and Naomi was attending to the duties of the household— Mat tamed to the letter again, read it ibroagfa carefully, and pondered its contents deeply. This was what he read : 'Dear Sir,— What I am about to tell you will most likely annoy you very conch, but as I think you onght to know what is going on around you, and being *mi^, more or less openly, every day about yon, I intend to speak frankly, even brutally if need be. Hence, I wish yon to consider most carefully what I say. I dare not give you my name but yon may without much difficulty satiefy yourself that what I warn you against is true. ' Perhaps I do not need to tell you that the events of the past two or three weeks have made yoa the most prominent mnv in all the village. As the new master of Orsden Hall, the new owner of Orsden Colliery, you have become a public character, and the sadden way in which yoa have leaped, or been thrust, into a position involv ing importance, riches, dignity, and respon sibility, baa made you a public target at which one and all tnayjahoot their poiBoned arrows. 'That is the plain trath. Yon are the target, and shafts of envy, malice, hatred, and spleen are being shot day by day at yoa. If yoa care for your good name you will see to this matter at once. While all kinds of venomous innuendoes are. flying about from one gossip's tongue to another you have no right to sit idly by with folded arms doing nothing. *' Do yon know what folks are saying ! They are saying that Aaron Shelvocke'a death was not the mystery it appears ; that one man conld say something about it if he cared to speak ; that the mysterious death was a fine thing for the man who stepped into hia uncle's shoes ; that it was remakairle Mat Shelvocke should be away in Wales that night when the night engine-tenter thought he had gone down the pit with bis uncle ; that the engine-tenter sheltered his new master as far as possible ; and that the coroner did the same thing. ' Nay, more than this. It is being whispered about that there is some connection somewhere between the deathB of the mine master and his old watchman — each had a bloody end within an hour or two of each other ; and it is even said that the police, though apparently asleep, are working quietly. ' All these things, I repeat, and a thousand others are being said, and at yoar expense. Of course, yoa know nothing. The talkers dare not talk when you are hy. Even thooe who respect and admire you are compelled to listen to the gossip, if they don't join in it.' ' I have told yoa all this that yoa may act. Someone is uorking against yoa in the dark. I have my suspicions, bur I will not name them. Yoa are a man and strong to I bink and do where yoar honour — perhaps vonr life—may be at stake. ' I finish now. This letter has cost me much pain to write. For yoar sake alone I have written it. Bat you may rest assured that I shall continue to watch. I sign my self, 'Only A Friend-' CiuprER XXVIL— The Flight of the Heib. For a day or two after the receipt of the letter given in the foregoing chapter Mat Shelvocke went about Orsden Green, and his manner was in no apparent wav different from that to which his kinsfolk, workpeople and fellow-villages had become accustomed Bince the passing away of hLs uncle He went down the mines less frequently than before ; spent more of his time in hang ing about the pit-top or aauntering through the village streets ; was absent occasionally from his meals at the Hall ; and for the rest his countenance was graver than of old, as if he were under the ban of some ever-present revealed to him 'how the winds of village gosiip were blowing had affected him more strongly mentally than physically * and under its paleness and gravity his handsome face had a sternness, a resoluteness, and dogged ness, which only two women— 'Naomi Shel vocke and Lettice Forrester— of all the crowd, were keen-visioned enough to notice. Probably those two only were able to Tead Mat's countenance and its signs, not through their eyes alone, but by means of their warts. That the statements set forth in the missive were true, both in substance and in fact, Mat never dreamt of doubting for an instant. The letter was a revelation to him, and stall when his eyes were forced open he was surprised and angry even that be had not seen things in that light before. The writer, whoever ehe might be— he knew it must be one of the two women— had seen the facts with naked eyes, and bad sent him her living impressions of what was sim mering under the surface of things around him. Slanderous brains were busy coining innuendoes to arm the unthinking crowd ; the tonques of gosaipmongers were busy cir culating the base metal ; and his honour, even his life, might be at stake unless be proved ha was a man strong to think and do, as ** Only A Friend' had stated. What could be think ? What ought be to do ? How easy to ask those questions. How difficult to frame unto them a sufficient answer. In the depth of his perplexity Mat burned to the colliery on the Moss for the purpose of speaking to his old sweetheart. Lettice Forrester must be the author of that letter; Naomi would hare spoken, not written; and since their estrangement the pit-brow -girl bad been debarred by his action from address ing him orally. Within a dozen yards of the screens wherein Lettice was at work the yonng fellow paused irresolute. How conld he speak to the girl in the presence of her workmates ? And to call her away, after the action be had deemed it absolutely necessary to take, would only be to subject them both to the notice and remarks ' He went away with hia questions onuttered. Going across the line of rails he turned to the Moss, and etrnck for that portion of it which within recent years had been drained and cultivated. An hour later he reached the. Hall tired and weary, meeting his cousin face to face as he entered the house. 'What is the matter with you. Mat?' Naomi cried sympathetically, as her fine black eyes flashed a look of concern npon her kinsman. 'You look quite white and ill. What is disturbing you, dear?' ' I can hardly tell you, Naomi,' be answered grimly. 'This affair of uncle's has upset me terribly ; but I daresay I shall be all right again in time.' 'I am sure I hope bo. Mat,** was her tenderly-voiced response. 'You are really looking very ill, and yon ought to see some one and take a, long rest. Why should yon go down the mines at all now ? Give it up at once, and let someone else do the work. Now you must come and take a cup of tea with me.' He followed his cousin into the prettily garnisbed apartment she affected of an after noon, and, as be helped himself to the tea ahe had pressed upon him. he remarked in a quiet, resolute tone : *? I will take your advice, Naomi. I need a rest badly, and I will take one. To-morrow I will go somewhere for a week or two. A change will do me good, I daresay.** 'Of course it will!' was the handsome woman's heartily-uttered reply. 'And where are yon thinking of going V , ' I cannot say yet, but I wQl let you know. Yoa must tell Levi if I do not see him. Wells, tbe nnder-looker, holds a manager's certificate, and be can take my place. I will see him to-night' On the morrow Mat Shelvocke left Orsden Green without a formal leave-taking of his cousins. The day following they beard from him. He was in Liverpool then, but was about to journey elsewhere, be said, and would write them again. He wrote later, saying he was bound for London, which he had never visited, and expected to remain there for a week or two. In case hia relatives did not hear from him again for some time, they were not to feel uneasy on his accoun'., as be was half-minded to pay a visit to Paris. After Mat's last letter reached Orsden Hall ten days went by ere Levi and Naomi heard from him again. One morning — it wasSunday — the cousins met at breakfast. Tbe face of each was eager and alert, and in the eyes of both there burnt a light which bespoke strange and unexpected intelligence. They greeted each other formally, as was their custom, fell to on the morning meal with a relish and alacrity that was scarcely natural, aud for some moments partook of the repast in silence, stealing covert glances across the table as if to read one another's thoughts. ' Naomi,' Levi said Boddtnly, with his cup poised in his hand, 'don't you think it u strange we haven't beard from our cousin for so long— ten days, I believe?' 'Perhaps it is, Levi,' she answered readily enough. Hat ten days seems a short time indeed when one is away in a delightful country spending a holiday.' 'You speak as though you knew exactly, my dear, where Mat is at the present moment, ' he said slowly, watching her closely the while. 'Of course I know. Didn't Mat say he thought of going to Paris? And that he is there, and finds the gay French capital to his taste, we are bound to conclude from his ranisBness in not writing.' '* Perhaps !' he said gravely, and with a marked emphasis on the word. ' Do you know,' he went on in the Bame deliberate tone, 'I conclude something else? I don't believe he is in Paris, and I fancy he never dreamt of going there.' *' You astonish me, Levi,*' she cried, with well-simulated surprise. 'At least we had his word for it.' ' Hid word !' he said, saeeringly, 'Yes, his word I' she retorted warmly; *' and until I see reason to doubt I may believe it, I suppose !*' ' Women go on believing in many things that can never possibly take place,*' was hia catting rejoinder. ' He never went to Paris ; never intended to go. He is^— *' He drew himself up abruptly, feeling that he was allowing his heat to carry him coo far, and as be puued she raid in faer quietly sarcastic wmy : ' You appear to know a lot about poor Mat, Levi. I m not aware that he took yon into his confidence before he went -my. I hid Imagined that you knew nothing until I told you that at my suggestion he decided to indulge in a lon£ holiday. I believe he vent without even bidding his dear cousin good bye.' ?*I know this, Naomi,' be exclaimed in sullen anger. When a young man goes for a jaunt upon the Continent he doesn't usually carry on a small fortune with him. Within three days of his leaving the village onr excellent cousin withdrew from the bank no less a nm than two thousand pounds !' ' I believe the money belonged to him,' was Naomi's ironical answer. ' So I suppose.' ** He didn't overdraw Jus account, I imagine.' **No. Bnt a couple of thousand pounds spells a good deal, u you understand it. I take it to mean a very long absence from home, an absence, moreover, which was carefully designed, premeditated, and carried oat. ' If so, what tiien ?' she demanded, setting down the dainty cup of porcelain with which she had been toying, and leaning over the table towards him, with her great eyes following his own. 'I understood that Mat was his own master, that be could go and come as he would ; and the two cousins he graciously permits to reside in his bouse rent free, and board free as well, are hardly the people to take umbrage at bis doings.' ' There is none so blind,' he said oracu larly, ' as those who will not see. If yoa do sot cue to see I am not over wishful to shon yon.' ' Von have something to tell me, I can see, Levi. Ton wish me to hear it, and I am waiting.' ' Mat has gone away — is abroad, and will never return!' he cried, with the ring of triumph in bis voice, the gleam of satisfied longing in his furtive, dark eyes. 'Never 1' she said, onastoniahed, and still bending her unflinching gaze npon him. ' Never is a somewhat lengthy period, and I ciu hardly believe that my cousin will prolong his holiday to that extent. But you use the tone of assurance. Do you honestly believe what you «ay 1' 'I do! Mat is in America ; he has sought safety in flight. How can he return ? If you doubt my word, perhaps you will read that.' He threw an envelope and its enclosure across the table. She took it op coolly, scanned the foreign- lookiiig stamp and post mark carefully, tSen drew out the sheet the slit envelope contained, and read its contents aloud. The note ran thus :— . ?? Metropolitan Hotel, New York, 'Nov. 16th, 188—. ' My Dear Levi,— ** I scarcely know what yon will think of my somewhat unceremonious departure from Oraden Green, and perhaps what you may think will not trouble me over-much. All I care to say to yon at present is this. My position at home was getting unbearable, hence I deemed it desirable tn change my quarters. The curious manner in which uncle Aaron met his death involved me in a particularly odious manner, and although I am perfectly innocent of any connection with, or knowledge of, his secret visit to the pits, people think otherwise. God knows I am gtuUOess of his murder, if he was killed by human bands, bnt until I can prove it, I will never again anow my face in my native V*^f1bave placed the estate in the hands of my solicitor, and you will be responsible to huii. Some day, when the mystery is cleared up, I may return. 'Matthew Shelvocke.' 'Well'.' Levi demanded, as she threw back the letter. ' What do you think of thatr' ' I a-n not surprised at your news. I h»- a letter from Mat royselt this morning, and had read it fully half an hour before you came down to breakfast.' He glared at her savagely, and an oal h was st:fled on his lips. She bore his glare with a taunting composure, as she helped herself to a fresh cup of tea. ' Von did not tell me, Naomi.' ' Nor should I have told you now if Mat bad not told you all himself. I can keep a secret iu spite of the spiteful sayiug to the contrary. Some men are not blessed in that ' 'You are as beautiful as a witch !' lie cried, half angrily, half in admiration ; ** and as deep as the bottomless pit. What had Mat to say to you 1' ' Very little, save what your letter contains. He was kind enough to offer me a thonsand pounds in addition to my ancle's bequest, and he desires me to remain mistress of Oraden Hall until be returns to claim his own.' ' Vou will be mistress long, then !' he muttered, with half a hiss in his tones. 'Rut about that I shall never grumble, my dear Naomi, so long as I am master,' he added, in a meaning way. ' Till Mat returns I am willing to call you by any name that pleases you, cousin,' was her careless response. ' He trill never return I tell yon. He has fled from ? ' A Up at the door closed his lips. The next instant the maid came in, saying that Sergeant Roberts bad called. A meaning glance flashed between the consuls, and then Kaomi, who was the cooler, said dnietly, ' Bring Sergeant Roberts here, please.' A minnte later the officer walked in, dressed in plain clothes. He nodded to both somewhat stiffiv, and then remarked : ?? I'm sorry to trouble yon, Hiss Sbelrock and Mr. Blackshaw. But perhaps you will oblige me by giving me Mr. Matthew SheTvocke's present address. I understand he is enjoying a holiday somewhere. Levi was about to speak, but Naomi stopped him with an imperious gesture. ' Why do you want Mat?' she demanded. ' I have a warrant for his arrest. He is suspected of having something to do with Aaron Shelvocke s death.' 'Thank God he is gone !' she cried. 'What does Miss Sbelvocse mean?' the sergeant asked, as be turned to Blackshaw. 'Sbe means that Matthew ihelvocke has managed to escape to America,' was Levi's reply. ' Here is a letter from him which I received this very morning. Bead it, ser geant, and then you will know all about the absconder that we can tell yon. My cousin has gone a long way afield to spend his holi day !' (Tobeamlimed.) 