WORSHIP. " Pure religion, and undefiled, before God and the Father is this : To visit the widows and the the fatherless in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world.'' — James i., 27. "The Cardinal magnificent in bis jewelled mitre and chasuble of line silk brocade, and wearing on his neck the pallium, the special gift of the Holy See, with uplifted hand motioning his blessing to right and left among the throng, was the observed of all observers. — Daily Paper. The Pagan's myths through marble lips are spoken, And ghosts of old Beliefs still Hit and moan Round fane and altar overthrown and broken O'er tree-grown barrow and grey ring of stone. Blind Faith bad martyrs in those old high places, The Syrian hill grove and the Druid's wood, With mother's offering, to the Fiend's embraces, Bone of their bone, and blood of their own blend. Then through great temples swelled the dismal moaning Of dirge-like music and sepulchral prayer ; Pale wizard priests, o'er occult symbols droning, Swung their white censors in the bur- dened air : As if the pomp of rituals, and the savour Of gums and spices could the Unseen One please ; As if His ear could bend, with childish favor, To the poor flattery of the organ keys! Feet red from war-fields trod the church aisles holy, With trembling reverence : and the oppressor there, Kneeling before his priest, abased and lowly, Crushed human hearts beneath his knee of prayer. Not such the service the benignant Father Requireth at His earthly children's hands : Not the poor offering of vain rites, but rather The simple duty man from man de- mands. For Earth He asks it : the full joy of Heaven Knoweth no change of waning or in- crease ; The great heart of the Infinite boats even, Untroubled Hows the river of His peace. He asks no taper lights, on high surround- ing The priestly altar and the saintly grave, No dolorous chant nor organ music sound- ing Nor incense clouding up the twilight nave. For he whom Jesus loved hath truly spoken : The holier worship which He deigns to bless Restores the lost, and binds tho spirit broken, And feeds the widow and the fatherless ! Types of our human weakness and out sorrow ! Who lives undaunted by his loved ones dead ? Who, with vain longing, seeketh not to borrow From stranger eyes the homo lights which have fled ? 0 brother man! fold to thy heart thy brother ; Where pity dwells, the peace of God is there ; To worship rightly is to love each other, Each smile a hymn, each kindly deed a prayer. Follow with reverent steps the great ex- ample Of Him whoso holy work was "doing good;" So shall the wide earth seem our Father's temple, Each loving life a psalm of gratitude. — WHITTIER. Hearken unto me ye stouthearted that are far from righteousness. Oh that thou hadst hearkened to my commandments, then had thy peace been as a river, and thy righteousness as the waves of the sea. Can a woman forget her . . . child . . . these may forget, yet will not I forget thee . . . I have graven thee upon the palms of my hands. The ransomed of the Lord shall . . . come with singing ... everlasting joy shall be upon their heads .. . and sorrow and sighing shall flee away. Awake, awake, put on thy strength, O Zion. Ye were sold for naught, and ye shall be redeemed without money. Thy maker is thine husband ; the Lord of hosts is his name. 