OR, TIIE MYSTERY OF BLACK HOLLOW G B A FO B. ;I’TEU XXII.— (Coxtincsd.j Threadin'; a dark street, with the damp wind in his teeth, and his heart torn with hitter memories, a woman’s cry for help startled him. lie dashed forward, following tho di rection of the sound, and a few blocks oil in the shadow of a projecting roof, lie caught sight of a woman struggling in the hands of a tramp. “ Von villain!” thundered Sir Harry, making a dive at his throat, but the tramp eluded his grasp and fled, leaving ids victim panting and faint with terror. •She waa a tail, slim woman, in a flowing mantle of black. “ I hope, madam, that I was in time to save you from injury V” Tito woman turned her white, tgTrighted face toward him, and put forth a slender hand. I thank you sir,” sho hogan, but h:3 cry of amazement cut her short. “ Merciful heavens !” ho gasped, catch ing at iter arm, “am I in a dream, or do the dead como back 5” “ Sir Harry Trosham !” His name broke from her lips in a tone of startled regret, and wrenching her arm from his hold she was hurrying away. Hut t re sho had retreated ten paces ho caught her again and held her fast. Sho turned on him, her blue eyes blazing. “Sir Harry Treahain, bow daro you? Unhand me. this instant.” Ho only held her all the more securely. “Miss Trevethon! It is you, and alive 1 Thank Heaven 1” His voice broke almost into soba, so great was bis emotion. Lenore stood passivo, a smile lighting her pale faco. “Yes, Sir Harry. 1 see there is no hope of running away from you,” she answered. “ But what does it mean i” he de manded ; “for Heaven’s sake, speak. Miss Trovoihou, only yesterday I saw you hnriod, and to-night I meet you here.” Her blue eyes flashed With a sorb of grim amusement. “ Can you not gucs3, Sir Harry ? I am not a ghost, hence you did not see me buried yesterday.” Ho caught her hand and kissed it in his rapturous delight. “ You are alive ! thoro is somo mistake. Oh, Miss Trevcthon, this is the happiest day of my life.” She laid her slim, soft hand on his arm, looking up at him with her grave, plead ing eyes. “ Yes, tliero is a mistake—a great secret, Sir Harry which you have found out, ami I am sorry. I meant to keep the truth all to myself, but since we have met. you will keep, of course, the secret at my asking ?” ‘‘Assuredly. I think there is nothing you could ask of mo that I would deny, . Miss Trevothon. But, I beg your par pardon, I do not quite understand." 11 Let us walk on together, and I will explain. I am stopping not far off, and being somewhat of a stranger in London, I lost my way in the fog this evening, which accounts for my being out so late. Sir Harry, I am very grateful to you." He shook from head to foot with ex citement and emotion as ho gave her liia “ For what, Bliss Trevothon ? Because you have made me the liappiost inan in England ! Half an hour ago I believed you dead aud buried under tho dreary marbles at Lyndith Hall, and to mo life was not worth tho living. How, I look upon your living face, and-” Tho little trembling hand loft his arm, the sad eyes filled with teara. “ Sir Harry, pray do not speak in that way,” she implored. “ If you do I must run away from you this minute, and I am so miserable, sb utterly alone, so sorely r In need of a friend. Help mo and keep my secret.” Tho rapturous glow faded from his eyes, for something in tho look of hers told him that the hope ho cherished ; was a vain one. He answered her like the man ho was. “ lou shall have no need to rnn away .from mo, Miss Trevethon. And now tell mo what your secret is.” “You have surely guessed. I live, and I cm not Richard Trevothon’s wife.” "Miss Trevothon 1 Then there must have been vile falsehood and treachery. Can Sir Geoffrey have perpetrated this great duplicity in order to secure and hold your fortune ?" She bowed in assent. “ And you have sufferod the world to believo it ? Miss Trevethon, I cannot understand.” “ Ho matter ; you understand enough. ‘ I wish tho world to believo it.” Ho turned upon her in dire amaze. “ You wish the world to believe it; you intend to let this shameful plot suc ceed. Is that what you. mean, Miss Trevethon?” “Precisely that, Sir Harry." “ And you will let Sir Geoffrey Trevo thon lie to tho world, and cheat it with a! mock funeral, in ordor to hold your! ircalth ? You are willing to give up your1 namo and your birthright, Miss Ti'eve thou ?’* “ Yes, I intend to do all that.” ; Her voice was steady, and the hand on' Ins arm lay quiet and pulseless. The' young man looked at her in sheer amaze-' “Mira Trevethon, what can youi “Just this, Sir Harry. I could not obey my father’s last command and wish: and marry Richmond Trovethon, and thereby secure to him the fortune which should be his ; nnd since they have planned and plotted this immense fraud,' I have no wish to expose it. I mean that they shall have it all their own way. They and tho world believo mo dead, and to them dead henceforth I will re main ; then the fortune will bo theirs, and in part, at least, my father’s wish will be observed.” “ Give up your name, Miss Trevethon —your fortune, everything ! By Heaven, it shall not ho! Beforo this time to morrow all London shall ring with the story, and Sir Geoffrey Trevethon shall bo dealt with according to his deserts." “ Hay, Sir Harry ; tho secret is mine, nnd at my asking you will surelykeen it ? Oh, pray, do not deny me tho sole kind ness I have ever asked of y.>u ! Help mo in this tny hour of soro trial. Kec-p my secret, Sir Harry, and be my friend.” ‘ ‘ Always your friend, Miss Trevethon,” he answered, utterly unmanned by her entreating manner, “ but this gross fraud and injustice should be exposed." "I do not desire it. JTor my sake, Sir Harry, you will be silent?" “For your sake, Miss Trevethon, 1 ■ would willingly do even more than that But is the world to lose you utterly ?" “ The world can well do without me,” ! she _ answered, with a mournful smile ; it will scarcely miss me. 1 shall leave England in a few days, never to return. j •Ho caught her hand and held it close, \ his eyes burning down upon her. \ Mias Trevethon, it shall be as you say ; I will keep your secret. You shall 1 die to Hie world if you will, but live foi ‘ me. When you leave England, let it be 1 as my dear wife. I askecl 3%ou once be- ^ fore, and you denied me. I ask you 3 again, Have pity on a love, Lenore, r which never swerves, never forgets whether you live or die. Give up youi 1 heritage ; I have another for you. Ro linquish your name and take mine. We will leave England together, and in some p c win i with cveiY 'visl1 of your heart t< fulfilled, you shall learn to love me o Lenore, you must love me when ones you V are iny wife. Have no fears, hesitate E fio_]0££OTL_hut_lay• -TS.ur dear hand in g mine and ?nv it slin.ll bo so." She looked at him with briming oyos. “ From my very soul, I wish I could Sir I tarry. ” “ Ton can, Lcnore.” “ Nay, forgive me, I cannot. “ And why!” A sudden crimson stained her wluts fnce ; her head drooped, her clear eyei foil. “Miss Trevethon, I am answered, =aid the young man, gravely. “You love another.” She was silent, burning blushes still mantling her cheeks. Ife walked beside tier, silent /ilso, until flicy renewed the door of the lodging-house. “ Miss Trevethon,” lie raid then _ you will at least permit me to he your friend. Indeed, I think you asked that much of me. Now tell me what I can dh ? If you cannot love me, surely you will allow mo to do some little kindness for you ’ “ Yes ; yofi shall keep my secret. “ Is there nothing else ?” She hesitated, and said with somo con fusion : ‘•There is hut one thing. Como in •■nd I will tell you.” , Ho followed her into the piam mt!< sitting-room sho occupied. “You will think me very childish, very silly, no doubt,” she began tlic moment they wero seated, “ hut 1 cannot help it. I' should have been out of England long ago hut for this feeling 01 fancy, or whatover it is that possesses me. Sir Harry, you remember our suinmei trip to the Highlands?” “I do, assuredly.” “ Well, while there, the day that you and Sir Geoffrey wero doer-stalking, 1 run oil and went to the Black Hollow Grange. “ I'o tho Haunted Manor?” “To the Haunted Manor. I had a mind to ask you to go with me, and I wish I had done so. I went alone, en tered flic old house alone, and there. Sit Harry, 1 saw ihc ghost. Don’t laugh at me, pray, and don’t say that I was mis taken. 1 saw it just as plain as I see you this minute.” . : “And what manner of thing was it; Miss Trevethon ?” “ An old man. I saw his face clearly ; a line, pale face, with a long white heard, just like the Trevethon portraits at Lyn ditli Hall-” “Did you spoak to it?” “No; I’m ashamed to .tell you what I did. I got frightened and fainted, and afterward ran away, and I have so bit terly regretted it.” “.Mv dear Miss Trevethon, why ? Tou surely do not believe in the popular legend that peoples the old house with ghosts? The old man you saw was a rambler of some sort.” She shook her head with sad, sober eyes. “Nay, I think not, the face was a peculiar one. You’ve heard the old story, Sir Harry—the mystery of my poor father's fate ?” “I have, Miss Trevethon.” “ Well, all my life long 1 have felt somehow that the clue was in that old manor ; and now, evor since I saw that face, oh, Sir Harry, 1 cannot rest day or night. It haunts mo incessantly, until now I think that it was my poor father'll face, and that ha has beon shut up in that old iitiuso au uiese years.' “ Jly dour Miss Trevethon, that could “ The notion haunts me all the same I must know ; I must solve tho mystery or 1 Bhnll go mad. I have thought to g< again, I was to go last week, yesterday to-day, but Bomehow my resolutior always fails me—the old place is eo deso late and-" Sl'.e paused, a painful crimson floodin; all her drooping facs. The young it 6"i regarded her curiously “You would like me to go’in you stead, Miss Trevethon, and iavestigati this mystery?” She looked up with eloquent eyes. “ Oh, Sir Harry, if you would.” “I'll start in the nest train, and i there’s a mystery in tho old house, I’l unravel it. And now, as I’ve a few hur tied preparations to make, I must bid yoi good-evening. On my return I shall fine you hero ?” “ You will find mo here. Sir Harry how shall I thank you ?” “I’ll tell you when I get back. Good bye. Miss Trevethon.” He pressed her hand, bowed, and wai “ Sucli a noble heart,” Biglied Lcnore as she watched him down tho rain; stroet; “and I, what a miserable, un womanly fool I am.” And sinking down upon a sofa she hie her proud face in her hands and wept ii shame and bitterness. 