ITEMS OF INTEREST. Female cab-drivers now ply for hire in New York. - , . Football was a crime in England during the reign of Henry VHL There are more than 1,000 islands over which the flag of Japan floats. The third-class raUway fares in Hungary only average Id. for six miles. The hide of the hippopotamus in certain parts attains a thickness of 2 in. The cost of .cremating a body in France i3 only three francs, equal to 2s. 6d.; The life insurance in force in the entire world is estimated at £1,800,000,000. The largest wrought iron pillar is at Delhi, in India. It is 6 ft. high and weighs 17 tons. It takes 72,000 tons of paper to make the post-cards used in the United Kingdom eacn year. . The tallest and the shortest people in Europe, the Norwegians and the Laps, live side by side. . Plucheria, Empress of the Eastern Empire, was the first woman on record to have her face pictured on a coin. " ■ Blacksmiths' tools of. the' present day are almost identical with those used in the same trade over 300 years ago. A strip' of land to extend the Liverpool Stock Exchange was recently purchased at the rate of £1,000,000 sterling per acre. It is said that toothache can generally be cured immediately by putting a small piece of cotton satfirated with strong ammonia into the hollow of the affected tooth. _ " Italy gives to' the world outside her borders 2,500,000,000 oranges; Spain, 14,000,000,000; Portugal, 80,000,000; Paraguay, 60,000,000; Florida, nearly as many as Paraguay. - ■ ' For a wager three men recently tested their water-drinlang powers. The winner swallowed 12 quarts, the second 9, and the third 7. All died, very soon after their feat was over. It is said that no fewer than 7,769_ school gardens exist in Austria, not including the sister kingdom of Hungary. They are con nected with both private and public schools, and are used for purposes of practical instruc tion in horticulture and tree-growing. The gas engine, which in Europe has now: supplanted the steam engine for moderate power, is being used in France for ships. A new gasboat on the Havre- Rouen-Paris line is 100 ft. long and attains a speed of seven knots. The engine is a two-cylinder one and is of 40 horsepower. The modern shark is deteriorating.. In ages gone by there were ferocious sharks sued, as would make a mouthful of you without blink-; ing, 70 "ft in length. ; Plenty of their teeth' have been found which are 5 in. long, whereas the biggest of the teeth belonging to sharks that exist at the present day are l£in. long. ; Some interesting experiments were recently made as to the air pressure in bicycle tires.' As the bicycle stood alone the pressure-on the front tire was 9 lb. and on the rear, tire 26 lb. When the rider mounted the increase; in the pressure in the front wheel was not perceptible, while in ■ the rear wheel it was less than half a pound. The rider weighed 175 lb. If the human being possessed strength as great in proportion as that of shellfish the average man would be'able to lift the enor mous weight of 2,976,000 lb., pulling in the same degree as a limpet. And if the man pulled in the same proportionate degree as the cockle he would sustain a weight of no less than 3,106,500 lb. . : ■ . For a really original method of dealing with "drunk and. incapables" we must turn to Turkey. There the punishment for the first offence is the bastinado/the second and third offences are followed by chastisement, but af ter the third .offence the offender becomes "privi leged" and is entitled to be carefully taken home by a policeman. West-End tradesmen in London, having laid in immense stocks in expectation of a brilliant season in connection with-the Royal celebra tion, have insured the Queen's life to guard against loss in'the event of her death between now and June 22. Some shopkeepers were almost ruined by the death of the Duke of Clarence, hence the reason for this new pre caution. _ JVL Pesce, an ingenious Frenchman, has pro posed a novel way of reaching the Pole. On the assumption that the Pole is surrounded by open sea, he suggests that it ought to be pos sible to outdo Nanseri by taking a long dive in a submarine boat from the edge of the land, of icebergs. • He would come up occasionally to take air, dive under obstructing icebergs, and blow up anything that he could nofi go under or get over. . Did anybody ever dream that in Scotland, of all places in the world, there are signs and tokens yet remaining of the days when men kissed their hands to "the sun and worshipped it ? Yet Balgreen, in Perthshire, is the town of the Sun; Grenach, in the same county, is the Field of the Sun; and the River Greenan is the Sun's River. Even 'Greenock was once (and is still- to philologists) the Knoll of the Sun, and Granton is the Sun's Fire. An enquiring- scientist has made a pe culiarly interesting report on the results of a long study : of the : various kinds of fear to which ' children- are- subject; It "seems that thurider rind lighfoirig 'cause terror-' to more cbudren wan any totner one suing, ana; ioi lo\ving. in'^the'; ipr'der'l namedpome".reptiles, darkness,; fire, ...death, /.domestic animals, .disease, wild animals, water, ghosts, .insaot3, rats'and mice, robbers, and higli winds. -/ The late,Sir', B. W.: Richardson is credited with . 'the/ following /curious information on suicides.:—The/rate of suicides ,'is "highest; in the last four days of June.ahd lowest in /Feb ruary more common: among Protestants than Roman Catholics, and rarest among; ' the Jews. It increases witircduca'tion "and'spreads with railways.und ,. telegraphs; ,' . iViore/ men .'than women are/swayed; by'.its, influence/, and the •average of-suicides is( set; down at-twelve in eyery'100,000. /■—;-- v..-;., '>'i;^!i^KUiig'WH¥.;ex;sergea»i'feoFpolie^/'deted^ tiv.es'detailed .to;'look 'after. shopliftera/pick pockets,;/ and; i't.pfof^sipuals" ' Of'„ that ' class always1 look to,see if tbeir suspects are wearing gloves. <A "professional?'-meyer works,with his.glbv'es'qn:-'A;detective caught sight of.ohe of these iheii. whom : lie knew' in; it ' street the .other day,. followed him,' up. quickly,'! only to come to a sudden/halt /as. he' reached the rhan. .'.'He is aliright;now—he is./ndp.working,", he said'p " he has his gloves on;."; - /; .The .diary of; the iaihous'Baroh:PriedrichVoti: der Trench, which purports' to be written ypith his:pwh blood whilst a priaqher at'Magdeburg,' was recently on ..sale. It /is inscribed,,.on <200 p⩾'bf an'.interleaved• Bible : (presented to Trencltin 1760 by- the -Princess Amalie;, sister of Frederick the" Great), /and includes,': besides anumlierpfpoem3'audlettersivar[oussocial, political, and/ philos6phical!//trea,tiaesJ/ and a histbryof-the prisoner's 'life,/ which ,ended in 1794 oh the guiUotirie./ ./He was condemned^ death - by / Robespierre as--jv Secret agent of f6rpig'n/Gov:erhm6htaV", //•/ ■'//'*:./---'■•"•.V: / ':'v ,/Spiders are / not generally /popular, creatures with either Sex, yet a lady.writer affirms/ that they can be made into the "dearest little, pets in the world." She tells how she . collected 'a-'common or: garden-spider and kept the sweet /lady, under a glass.,tumbler for three iy/eeks: She watched her /'' bunding,her house of snowy silk" and raising a family, ahdj'^ysZ the writer, •" she soon-learned to take, flies .from my hand and drink water from a leaf which I gave her fresh is'very day/" There are, indeed, according to ttkis lady;' few things so agreeable as a spider,, whether . regarded jas-.aa-..architect, :a ./thing of beauty, a slayer of pests/ or a household pet.,,, •'"'Some toys of English,make: were shown at a late meeting of 'the Technical Committee of the vCambridge-"Town''Gouncil.'1'' The' toys in question .were made by, peasants, of "VV'ilts and Dorset, in /the, long, w/inte'r/ Pyenings/j'anci'lfs much as 30s. a1 week is now.being earned -byi the rhstic Inanufaoturers,-for .the toys fetch good prices:'' So struCk/vVe're! the- committee' by; the itoys/f'that WrisSoluf ion/ Wite /ciimed' tli'at:a! class with at the Technical Institute for the! 'gbotl of the'county; •; A-akiUed-- workman ; has/deolared' fch'at- Only, six' inexpensive tools- are requited, and.that ,10;; hours' instruction ought to suffice .for the yefiiB3t dimderhead.'j Sheet lightning is'md'!it4.tift.:.pibi(e';frequen$ in -Madras: than in any, part /'of,;the- world; There it may sometimes Jie seen every evening for months together.- • • it has been suggested: that;the/ effect is due/'to' the reflection of distant 'lightning,' blit it has been ascertained that it consists of an actual discharge of elec tricity ■ from, cloud, to i cloud* or between two portions of the same cloud, and takes place in the upper-portion 'of -low-lying clouds. The time of the occurrence depends on when-the sea breeze sets in, the lightning tukin'g place about three, hours /1 ator..• '■ ⅈ authority states that, the.-eleotrioal condition of the clouds may be. accounted/ for, by the"'fact- that, the sea breeze is moist, while the' land' breeze is /dry : and dusty. Another-plan-for turning to Account -forces ■ of nature as-yet dimly understood-is,reported from Scandinavia,,,whore a .savant ,has dis covered a method of converting turf into/coal. The//turf is placed in''retorts .'and "gradually heated to- 250 degree's.'' The retorts' are-'then Closed -and- the temperature kept up for,seven hours.;; The tar .and gas products ,'are,,thus re tained in the coal mass/to the extent of,SO /per cent., and. the resultant is said to contain .65 per eeiit. of barbon, 6 per cent, of ; hydrogen, 3*7 water/ and 5 per cent, of ashes. • 'Turf coal/ gives about the same amount of heatassecondb, : and - has -been .tested,.both, in ,Krupp's: iron / foundry-. afid : for. domestio' purposes.,,/ One, thousand kilos are/sold for 7s., the coSt/of pre-: paring it being abo.hti 3sZ ' : "•A' 'rink recently' exhibited- at Antwerp wiis: the jtadmiration of- diamond- cutters and met-:' chants, because, ifc'. waa ;:the \ first .-successful/ attempt,to. cut /a ring tout, of a single stone. There are a great -'many' difficulbieaih this . method, of cutting , diamonds,, as , the stones havem certain; olfcavage and.particular veins,;!| all, of .whioh have .to .be. carefuUy^studied/.in/i: order to prevent splitting just-as suraseasiseemsT within - reach. , -After •- several - unsuccessful,; attempts and three years' labor 'the feat has J." beefi accomplished by the patience and skill Joff M. Antoine, one of the best- known lapidaries'-' of Antwerp. /'The ring is;about sk-eighths.of an' i/ncn'in /diameter. In the Marlborough cabinet /there is. a .ring cut out of one entire ' and perfect sapphire, i 