LADY TREVOR. CIIAPTER XXXI. THE excited order of Jarvis was promptly obeyed. Mrs. Jarvis ran and secured the greater outer door of the kitchen with bolts and bars, while Maria, tile Portuguese woman, locked the door leading into the hall and transferred the key to her pocket. It was a weird and strange scene. Tile black stone floor, the kneeling figure of Cecil Rosse, her young face upturned, her dusk eyes wild and scared, yet strangely brave, the bnawny red hand of her enemy clutching the rippling waoves of her red brown hair ; behind her old Gretchen, moaning and wringing her hands; on either side the two sinister wonmen, awaiting their master's orders, and over the whole group the strong glare of the light that flamed from the blazing logs on the wide hearth. Oistside the wiIstry gusts of wind ravcd and roared. A whirling eddy of snow came in under the great door. In the himnney the winds held high revel, whistling and screaming like unloosed demons. It seemed as if nature herself were in sympathy on this night witls deeds of violence and crime. In his excitement Jarvis had dragged his young victim to the floor. Now that the doors were fast and his excitement began to cool he loosened.his hold upon her and re treated a few paces, pausing to regard her with mingled fury and exultation. ' There's an old sayin' as list'ners never hear no good of themselves,' he said, 'and you've found it out, Miss.' Miss Rosse staggered to her feet and sank down into the nearest chair. ' I'd have you know as Miss Cecil wouldn't have listened, not even to such as you, a plotting her death, if I hadn't suspected something and fetched her down !' cried old Gretchen indignantly. ' You suspected something !' exclaimed Mrs. Jarvis, with a sneer. ' You !' 'O,0h, I'm an old cow,' said Gretchen, ' and stupid, and all that, as you say, I suppose, or I'd have made my young mistress run away this very night instead of bringing her down here to be caught like a bird in a snare. Oh, Miss Cecil, forgive me, it's all my fault.' ' Hush, Gretchen,' said Cecil, softly and affectionately. 'Do not blanie yourself.' 'It was my man's sharpness that caught you,' said Mrs. Jarvis. ' Lor', Jarvis,' and she turned to him admiringly, 'how keen you are. To think you detected them a list'ning when Maria and me couldn't hear anything. You're like them bloodhounsds, you are. Jarvis appeared complimented. Ho stroked his stubby chin while he regarded his prisoners with keen and threatening eyes. 'You've heard what wasn't intended for your ears, Miss,' he said, after a pause ' but we won't have to explain matters, so time's saved. You know now that that you are a piisoner here ' The girl howed her head in assent. 'You know as you a'n't at no Greycourt, nor ini Yorkshire 1' ' Where am I, then I' asked Ceeil, who had. attained to manrellous calmness, although her pulses beat fierce and fast. 'Am I in England I' 'No you're not. I shall not tell yos where you are i' 'Does Lady Trevor owns this house I' asked the girl. 'No, she don't, and she never saw it neither i' affirmed Jarvis. .' Does Lady Treoer leow that I am-here I' inquired Cecil, trying to indclestand her terrible situation. 'No, she don't. We don't know no Lady Trevor. " Ve never saw her. eYe'e work ing for another party,, we are .l' . Cecl's little hands clasped cads other in an uncontrollable agitation. ' And that party is secretly my enemy 1' she asked, in a trembling voice. 'You've Mt it, Miss i' 'But there must 1)0 some mistake- some awful mistake !' cried Cecil. '.I am a sti'ihngorins England. I have no enemies. :I hover harmed a person in my life. Who couldfwish to kill me? It is monstrous- incredible ! I weill not believe it. Tell me that you were not speaking seriously, Mr. Jarvis. Tell me that it is all a dream of phiantasy. Why, I have lived here months and found you all kind and respectful to me. .Could you have bcils hlirboring thoughts of murder in your hearts all these months 1' "She turned her wild and anguished eyes from one to anuothier of tle three faces of her enemies, and she shuddered at their hardness and savage cruelty. '£We won't argufy, Miss,' said Jarvis. 'Tho facts is as you know. You're in .thle way of some one as sent you here, and has paid liberal to have you kept here.' - .' And who" is it si'ants me dead !' asked Cecil, her young voice having an nunwsonted sharpness, her young face thrust forward further into the flaring light. 'Wlse is my enemy ?' 'Some questions can't be answvercd, and that is one of 'em,' ansrered Jarvis. Cecil was silent for some momecits, seem ing stupefied. The whole matter seemed to her unreal and utterly incredible. She could scarcely believe the assertions of Jarvis. Whuom hlad she es·eilierharied or wronged 1 Why should any oiie ever. wislh her dead 1 The moor she thought u1pon0 tile matter the more she thought u!:on the matter the mireic it seoened to her that she had been msistaken for some one else. Priscintly she urged this conviction upon Jarvis, but he shook his head, dcclariiig with an oath that lie had no mistake. 'It's you--Miss Cecil Rosse, of Germanny \--as I'mi odrdere to keep herie, anid no o01e else,' he said. 'It was Lady Trevor's friend, or bisiness agent,- Mr. Pislford, that.pei? me oni board the yacht,' said Cecil refleetively. 'Is it he who seeks my death I' 'Mistaken agaili. You cain't pump me, Miiss, of thliiigs I doii't wish to tell, declared Jarvis. 'There's folks as have kep' their eyes on you longcr'n you'll ever kunow of- folks as ihate yous ascd waiit yous dead. They pays liberal, "uid folks as pays liberal always get their will. Your emnsroidery work hles all been a bliiid, as hls passed c away your winter, aied so have served its purpose. Yous've come to Black Rock, bit you'll never leaes' it uilive.' Old Uretchien reinewed her expressions of grief, .muoning loudly, ,anid wringin,, her hiaiics in despair. riiii e Cecil forgot her own peril in pity for her servant. At least, Gretcheusisiin ieo one's way,' sho exclaimed. 'No one deieminds her life. Do wheat you will with miss, since I am help. less iii your hands, but let her go.' 'To wamn the police, oh i You mist thinlk ma a simple,' sneereil Jarvis. ' She tlhiniks such aii uincomonu lom of you, Miss, as makes me wish to scud her along of you to the other world. The faite of onie of you is to lee thie-fate of tie other.' 'I wron't accept my freedon inless Misen Cecil can he flrce too,' cried thie old peasanlt woman. 'I ames old aend ignorant. Ideserve to die for aul'isiu"ng my young misietress to leave Loildoin. Sh'e owres all th'is troiilslo to mis. Kill ie, Mi, Jars-is, snud let her go free. She is so young, so good, so-' 'Ansd she'll die if you can be saved,' cried Jars'is, igaism sneering. 'I lUaor? any business. You think so much of each other you shall die together. I shan't spare neither of ?,ou.' 'That's the talk,' said Mrs. Jarvis, approvingly. 'You've lost too muclhtime in palavering, Jarvis. The gal has found out the whole thing. She ought to die this very night i' 'Yes, both ought to die to- night i' declared Jarvis. 'Oh, mercy, mercy!' moaned Gretchen, sinking upon her knees, her gray hair becoming unloosed and falling to her shoulders, scant, short and witch-like in its cffect. Spare my peo r young mistress who never hurt' a living creature l In the name of tie great God, who will one day judge you, if you commit this awful crime, do not harm leer I' Jarais and his wife laughed brutally. ' Hush, Gretchen i' said her young mistress, sweetly and softly, in a low, calm voice, her face lookng as slhight look the face of an angel. 'Let us pray to God, and not to people like these. Got has not abandoned Again Jarvis and Ihis wife laughled coarsely. 'Prayers won't help you none i' said the latter. 'But if they'd be any comfort to you, be at 'emr quick. 'Your time's about up !' Old Gretcheen covered hier face with her apron and moaned and sobbed iu her despair, But Cecil's fearless eyes, dusky as night itself, with a golden glimmer in their depths like a yellow star? remained calm and uneflinching. Something in that steadfast gaze made thie ritffian Jarvis strangely uncomfortable. Something in t?hat pale, calm face, so tender, so sweet, so mldismayed, affrightied him. 'You'd better be at your work, Jarvis,' saidl Iis wife, catching the infection of his cmbarrasmsemnt and ensdeavonring to conquer it. 'Now is your time. You're not going to furis faint-hearted, ells ' Jarvis moved mechanically to the wide hearthl and picked up one of this big brass andirons. As lie moved heavily, with this weapon, towards Miss Rosse, thle Portugugse woman hastily interposed. She head been silent for some minutes, liut imetensely watchful. She was very super stitious, and she had watched the progress of the scene with gloomy eyes. Now, as Jarvis, with his devilish intent expressed iin looks amid attitude, moved towards Cecil, thie Portuguese woman sprang forward amid caught his amrm, crying out: 'Stop'! You shall not kdll her to-night! I will not lave her killed to-night !' Jaarvis trnmed upon Mis confederate in amazescmeut. ' What do you meon 1' he demanded. ' Are you going back on your bargain I' ' No. I'm with you, heart and soul, and you know it. The gal's death is as necessary to me as to you. If she lives, I shall have to stay here in this awful solitude years, perhaps, when I yearn for my own country snd independence and the marriage on which I've set my heart. I want her to die-' 'Then why do you interfere with me when I'm about to put her out of the way 1' ' Because,' said Maria, slowly, ' we've got to stay here weeks yet. The snow lies many feet deep in the mountain passes. We are storm-bound and cannot get away under a month. Yet I will not stop a night here after they are dead. They'd ha'nt us, sure as fate They'd come back to us in the dark nights and frighten us out of our senses ]' ' Coward i' sneered Jarvis. ' Call me coward, if you will, but let 'om live until we are ready to quit this place,' cried Maria. ' We can destroy their lives the night before we leave Black Rock. And in the meantime we can keep them prisoners in the tower-chambers. They will be quite safe-as safe as if they were already dead.' The Portuguese woman had aroused the superstitious fears of Mrs. Jarvis, who hastily exclaimed : ' I agree with Maria, Jarvis. Let's act on her advice. Miss Rosse and Gretchen are already the same as dead. You can finish 'em off at any time.' Jarvis was not slow to yield to these combined entreaties. It was one thing to destroy a life secretly, and another to commit a murder in cold blood, with a pair of steadfast, haunting eyes fixed upon him. ' We'll wait,' he said, dropping the and iron heavily to the stone floor. ' There a'n't no hurry. They can't escape. They're as good as dead now, and we can put tihe finishing touch whenever we please. There a'n't a house as I knows on within fifty miles, and no one ever comes to Black Rock. They're as safe as if they was in their graves.' - Let us take them up to their rooms,' suggested Mlrs. Jarvis. ' I can't abear the look of them eyes. Light a candle, Maria.' The Portuguese woman obeyed. Jarvis demanded the key and unlocked the door leading into the hall. Then seizing Miss Rosse by thie arm in a fierce grip, he lhurried her out into tile narrow stone passage. Old Gretchen followed voluntarily. Slhe would have followed her young mistress to deatlh rather than survivo her. Mrs. Jarvis and Maria brought up the rear, tlhe latter bearing the light. Thle little procession wound through the lon, dark, draughty lialls. The gusts of wind more than once nearly extinguislhed tihe light. Little piles of snow lay near the door-ways, having whirled in under the doors, and lay on the stone stairs, having filtered in at thie leaks and crevices in the old roof. A long wail or shriek of the storm, as it tore down tlhe cavernous chimneys now and :then, made . Maria cross herself instinctively, with unconscious recollection of .religious forms in wlhiclh slhe had been reared, and muttered a prayer to be saved from wandering ghosts. They mounted the second flight of stairs, which was rickety and seemed to rock in the storm, and arrived at the third story rooms of tie quaint old tower. Jarvis kicked open the door of the tapestry-room with one of Iris feet, and thrust in his prisoner. Gretchen sprang after her with a cry of. mingled misery and relief. And the three savage-looking jailers Ihalted upon the threshold, slrvceyig them with cruel exultation. ' You can have these two rooms as before, Miss,' said Jarvis. '0Only we'll keep the keys. Jest remember as you're a prisoner and conduct yourself according. If you attempt to signal any boats as may pass up or down the coast, but whliclh is most un likely at this season, with tihe March storms a raging, tlhat, signal 'l1 be the signal for your death ! Understand that! I ain't a patient man. I won't stand no nonsense !' He withdrew thle key to the outer side of the lock and abruptly closed the door and secured it. Tlhe operation was rcpIatccd upon thee door of thle second room and tile three con spirators descended the stairs heavily, retreating to their own quarters in the lower part of the house, thelre to discuss thle events of tihe evening and to plan their intended doluble crime. As the sound of their lumbering footsteps died away upon the stone stairs, Cecil Rosse crossed the floor to one of the windows, pulled aside the thick pamask curtain, and looked out again into the night, with its white, whirling gloom, its howling winds, and the roar of its angry, furious sea. Old Gretchen looked about her drearily, at the little supper-table, tise low chair be fore the hearth, and the big hearty fire of blazing logs. ' How overytlsinsg is changed during the last lour !' the old peasant woman exclaimed with a groan. 'Here's the table and the supper, just as we left it--it is we who are changed! Oh, Miss Cecil, I could almost think is-'d been dreansing! lWhy should any one wish to kil you, whose whole life Isas been a blessing to others 1 You were the lighst and glory of the Herr Pastor's life; the villagers of Zorlitz almost wor shiped yos for your care attd kindness to them in sor-ross and sickness; you are good and lovely--why shosuld any one harm you ? Who could wish to kill you I' Cecil turned hier face towards her old servant. Tsere were bistro shadows under the lovely dslsey eyes, a strasge, pallor upion the young cheeks and aboout tele tender mouth, but the expression upon the beautifll countenance sas brasc, undismayed, and deeply tlsoghtful. 'Gretchen,' said tele girl, quietly, 'I believe that there has Ibeen some mistake made its my idetttity--that I have been brouglst here its mistake for some other poor unfortunate--or that this plot against my life is a part of thle mystery that has ess shrossded nay origin and surrounded me from the tsight when I, a child of three years, a mere baby, was brought to Zorlitz parson age.' Gretchels stared. 'There has been. no mistake, Miss Cecil,' she exclaimed, 6xcited?y, sft&r; a brief thoughltfuhless. 'Did yon not hear them say so--that they hadbeetsn hired todeatroy Miss Cecil Rosse, of Get-nmesy I' 'I think that there has beets no mistake,' declared Cecil, calmly. 'The persos s who Ihad me inmstrsed itt this solitalty place, in this wild northern climate, esemote from all mankind, Isad knowledge of me pet-sonally and of my tastes and capabilities. TThat persosn kssew of my bargain with Lady Treror, assd had prepared for me this moth eaten tapestry on whsich I hsave spent so matty months of useless toil. It is clear, therefose, that my enemy is one who is connected withs the mystery of my life.' 'Bst rwho cats it be I' 'You could identify the man who brought me to Zorlitz parsonage, Gretchen 1' 'I could swear to him anywhere by the squint of his eyes, and the heavy mole on his left cheek, and by his general features,' affirmed Gretchen. 'Iave you seen any person who resemibled him since we came to England Was Mlr. Pulford like him 1' ' No, Miss Cecil. I d~oer: hive seen his. cruel face since that night. Mr. Pnlford is as nslike him as one man can be unlike another' 'Lady Trevor cannot blats me,' said Cccil, wearily and sorrowfully. 'Lord Glenham loves her. Even if she knew that he had been kind to nme and won my heart, she could not possibly care, since she holds his troth. He must love her or he would not marry her. She cannot be my enemy. She is a lady, gently-bred, refined and high principled, a true Clsristian lady, I believe, else Lord Glenham could not love her. I am sure that she is innoc'ent -of any know lede of this terrible plot-against me.' ' am sure of that too. She was very kind to us,' said simple old Gretchen. 'A bad, wicked woman could not smile and talk so kindly and sweetly as she did. Depend upon it, Miss Cecil, Lady Trover is innisocent of all wrong-doing in this matter.' 'Then whom shall I suspect I Mr. Pul ford ?' (Gretclhn shook her head. She preferred to think Miss Rosse's enemy some unknown person rather than one who had seemed kind to her. 'Depend upon it, Miss Cecil,' she ex claimed, 'your enemy is the man who took you to Zorlitz. He watched yon go to Lady Trevor's house, anrd watched your drive to the yacht. And after Mr. Pulford had given his directions to the captain of the yacht this unknown enemy of yours secretly con spired with the captain and had you brought to this place. I am sure that this is the true explanation of the mystery.' 'It may be so,' replied her young mistress. 'I do not ]cnow enough of thle ways of wicked people to suggest a better explanation. .We are ini the hands of some cruel and remorse less foe, of whom these people Icloware bhut the tools to carry out their nmaster's will. My eniemy seeks your death as well as mnine. Where are we, Gretchen, do you think 1 Where is this Black Ilockc 1' But Gretchen could not return aem answer that appeared to bonler on probhbility. 'We are many days sail from London,' said- Cecil.: 'The story that -e havee been driven from our course hy bad weather was hut a false pretence of the treacherous captain. The bleahk, wild scenery, time driving storms, deep snows, and utter dreariness and cold ness, show that we are ini the far north, but whether in Norway, or Icelaind, or Scotland, I cannot tell. ' One tlhing only I uio w--' 'And that is--' 'That we must make some effort to es cape! To remains hero imprisoned, countinig the (lays andl nights of tIme simiglh nmsoth of life these people allot us, will drive us mad. I'd rather fall from yonder precipice out there in tlh?,darkuess, or freeze to death iii tIhe mounntain-passes, than await here our coning doom ] 'Amid so would I. But hlow' ase we to escape. WVe shall be closely watched and guarded. Our ensemies may drnsgus imito quiet passiveness. And though they decided to let us live a month longer, they may cliemage their minds and kcill us to-moirow. They will aim to destroy us when we are off our guard. 'Ohm, Miss Cecil,' cried tIme old woman, despairinigly, ' there is mo escapS'·for. usi! W\ are doomed !' '" " CIIAPTER XXXII. OLD Gretchen flung lerself upon a couch and raved amid wept in her agony of despair. But Cecil stood st her window, white and silent, with grave incredulous eyes, anid trouhled, asixious mouth, initent upon the problem of escape. To remiainm passively awaiting death at the hianids of hier eniemnies would Ije wdosse thanm to hirave the most horrible fate iii the attempt to escape. A month of such waiting wo-uld hie ass eternity to both intenlded victims. Amid yet escape, in time presesit state of the weathuesr, woimuhl be ass impossibility. '1 Imusst wait,' Cccil said to herself. 'I must he hi-ave anidl cals amid patiesut. God will snot desert us iii our extrinmity. I will trust I-miss evemin unuto the esid.' Raisinig her anmguishied eyes, strivinig i vain to pierce tihe tlcic gloossi of time wild inight, Cecil bi-eathed a prayer to Heavens for protectiomn iii this hour of miecd; and then, cahlmedl enrih streigtchsesmed, she tiusned from the winudow and approachied Gretchen. 'Cosse Gretcheni,' she said, gesutlh. 'You smiust miot give way like this. We aeve re pri-eved for a mouth. What may mot huppen dismring that period 1 Cilm ,yourself. Rise and let us tallk tIhe matter oever. Groetchiess obeyed, ws-ipisug her face upon hles- aprons, aud str- ivimug to assume an appear aesce of self-commanid. 'Come, sit dowini by me niesr the fire' said ler young mistress, drawing two chairs near together. ' We must talk over our plans of escape. If we wish God to help us we must help ourselves.' Gretchen took the seat assigned her. And so, while the three wicked plotters-laid their evil plans in the rude, stone-floored kitchen below, the two innocent victims of their hatred discussed in the high tower-chamber plans of evasion and self- defence. \- ' If we intend to get away alive, from this house we shall need all our strefigth,' said Gretchen, after a long consultation in which no decision liad been arrived at.....: ''You look like a spirit, Miss Cecil; your':face is so white and your eyes burning.'" Eat your supper, dear, to please old Gretchen and then you won't lose your strength.' . She arose and brought her young mistress' plate and cup. Both food and drink were cold, but Cecil ate and drank, and her example was followed by her servant. They sat up until late. Then, wearied and worn by their terrible experiences and emotions, they prepared to go to bed. Cecil resolved on a barricade against a surreptitious night-entrance by their enemies, and assisted Gretchen to place certain -massive pieces of furniture against the doors, in a manner to prevent intrusion. 'Our enemies, having determined to murder us, will execute their project at a time when we least expect harm,' said Miss Rossc. ' One thing is sure-they shall not enter our rooms when we are asleep.' Gretchen assisted her young mistress to undress, and retired to an inner closet, where her own bed had been placed, while Cecil said her prayers. Neither of the;.airltept long awake, but sluhibered .as~;peofijefl ly as if thli.couches had been gu?srdcd~ ~ y a. host 4bf- armed friends. .... . Both awakencld: soon after daybreak. Gretchen made her toilet' ,fid emerged from her closet to find her young mistress filly tressed and shivering with Cokld, the fires lavingl died down to ashes hours before. ' Let n. remove the. barricades, Gretchen,' said Cecil, cheerfully, although her lips were hine and her teeth chattered. 'Do you think they intend to freeze us to death, Miss Cecil1' aslted Grdtchcn,. in a frightened whisper. ' There's a mortal chill in the air that makes my very bones ache. You, who are so delicate, how will you en ture this cold I' Cecil smiled brightly, but made no other answer, as she helped remove the barricades thley had placed the night before. Old Gretchen brought a heavy shawl and threw it about Miss Rosse's shoulders, and began to walk heavily to and fro, while Cecil took up her favorite station at one of the windows. The snow had ceased falling. The sea was covered with restless wlhtE; caps. -The sun was hidden. behind leaden-hued clouds. Such portions of Black Rock as had been heretofore visible from the tower windows were covered With a thick snow. No sail was on the sea, no sign of life upon thie shore. A wilder and rosie desolate Northern scene could fibt have been imagined. All wes hard and grim and terrible, with a fierce, chill wind sweeping over it, that would have blasted any green and living thing it might have found. The key rattled in the door. Cecil turned about with a start. : Old Gretchen haltodin her walk, with an expression of alrnri. Time door opened, and MIr Jarvis entefed, with an armful of logs, followed by his wife with a pan of blazing coaIl- and" a basket of pine cones and liglt, split-wood. Maria kept guard at the door. By the look of relief that came upomi the faces of the prisonere Mirs. Jarvis read their recentfeears.. - 'We ?didn't intend to frceze you t0 dcth,l she said, 'thougl, 't-lit migsit be tlib ehsiest way out of the difuiculty,.only. that we.want to keep you alive until eareeready to leave the place om's h-es.'r ' Will the yacht come foe youl' asked Cecil, trying to spe-ik carelessly. 'No, we shall travel by the moustain passes. There are three or four rougls Highland ponies in tile stable, and a good waon, the same that brought us here,' replied Mrs. Jarvis, dumpiig her coals on the hearth, and arranging the wsood. 'Aisd there's a couple of good b!ood-housids in the kciiiscls,' rcniarked Mr. Jarsis, placiiig hlis back-log asid fore-log in proper position. 'I begs to rcmiind you of them, Miss, in case you are phlsning to get the ponies aiid escape.' The fire wsas soon made, aiid the iitrisders witlidrew, lockiiig tle doors behind them. Gretchen swept up the hearth, cleared the table, looped hack the wiiidow cuirtains and let iin the grey light of day. By the time thie chamber began to wear a cosy look Maria reappeared.]jk a a breakfast tray:, Jalisis keeping watchti'tle[ doors. Cecil ate her breakefiist sithout fear of bcinug poisoned, and Gretchen shared the meal. When the tray had been removed and the prisoners s-ere left to tlsemselves Cecil began to wrallk the floor for exercise. ' Shall you filsisli the embroidery to-day, Miss Cecil,' asked the old sers'nait. 'No, Gretchen. The worke was planiied to keep m here a awilling prisoner. I will iiot touch it again.' 'Theii what will you do I ' Yos'll die if you remaiin shut up here, doin- iiothin_-.' 'This house is very old, said ~ecil, thoughtfully. 'The. oof leaks, the stairs as-e wseal and rickety. It siay ha-vc been built two oi- three hnsuidred years.' 'I am sure of it.' 'It has sees troublcsonse days--tisies of sas, perhaps,' constisuFIsdCccil. 'I havc icad stories s of ancient hohses sith secret-stair cases asad hsiddlen rosms. It might be that this; house coistained asome secret elainber-.' '.If!it did we should not 1)e able-to finl it. Don'i"let ysss headhsi;' tRsiid with romantic d'dtibiitiMlsa C~ecil 'Wese h-sd enough .of' as ic ares.' 'W.eca-niat least ins estigauts tlhesoealls, Gretehess;' said lier ,';oung iuistr-es, with a ahow of revia-isig lojue asid cousag". 'Lct us try it now. re cans lose niothing. We may gains somethsinig) Despite old Gretcheni's remossst-ansce Cecil begas to tap the ss'alls under the hln ii ,i tapestsry niths the fir-tossgs. No hloholi sound rs-cchoed frons the daimsp, chill stosses, cosered o-er -with wet n sid 1)rokeis plaster. The old servn-st, constinuinig tmles seissoss strassecs, presenstly joinedl iii Cecil's task. T'lse waulls wraee thlroughly examissed nitis a puatiescse that deserved success, hut ossly failure resulted. ' It is just as I thought,' isusttesed the old wom-ne . ' ?\l eser esl-eshd such a wiild snotion, hiegging yossr pardon, Mliss Cecil.' 'Thie siotios does siot seess wi-iltd to use,' said Cecil, as-earilY. 'I hIave read thsast it sias the custoss iisvny ery old tisies to hIusild secret roossas iin all grcat houses. Such hsiddless isookseries' :snlegdd thiess, for these wiere )aiiidl of robbles bent oss hhisshdcl rioami ing thr-osghi Geruansas,. there wrec feudlal iua:s ini Scotlhsid aisid Igluusgissd, saud 'But si-e sissy lie iii Norwasy, Mliss Cecil. Asud if there shouhl possblhy ber a secret i-com ini this lmuiu it asoushul suot ise iii this toesr. No such luck for us,' gruunsmblel ohil (Gretchesn. It was nsosi- noon. TIhe tamo desisted from theio laboss, anssd just in tissue, fors- asrisa 1srought up a tray laden wsitlh dissuser. The meal isas prepared with the care Mis, Jarvia had always disphlyed, and was tempting in quality, profuse in quantity, as usual. Maria's manier was respsctful, as leretofore, and she laid the table with care, and spread out the viands to the biest advantage, speak ing only when addressed. Cecil might have believed this eperiences of the preceding night a dream, or the illusion of an unbalaneed mind, but for the sinister face of Jarvis at the door, and the sight of the kiey in the outside of the lock. The Portuguese wfoman retired, and Miss Rosse ate her dinner. The mountain-cyrie evidently contained a well-stocked larder. There was roast venison, besides broiled birds oem toasts, anmd nmuttomcutlets with a peculiarly wild flavour. <Tlit geme hadhbeis killed on the estate and preserved out of dooems by fmseezing. There wies .cofee, too, anmd varuios other delicacies. 'Theydon't mncam to starve us !' comn meited Gretchen. 'As long as thsey don't attcempn to frecze or starve us to death, M]iss Cecil, I shin't mittccely despair. If they'll give us a quick amd painless dcatli, it isall I can dare to hope for !' ,fter dinber, when Mlaria had remov-cd th]e tray, and Jarvis had replenishcd the fire, Cecil and Gretchen extended the investiga tions to the wralls of the inner room. They spent the entire afternoon in their ex plorations, and it was not until the lastinch ef the wall had been sounded antd failure wae decisive that poor young Cecil knew how much she had buidcd upon her strange fancy--how much she hlad ex-peccd to find some secret inner room. They returned to the outer room and Cecil fluig herself upon a couch. MIaria brought up lights and supper, and Jarvis replenishedt :the lirefor the night. s\\.'hen thon"?oun mistress and'he:r servant were aloue together, Cccil read aloud a -few chapters in her little German Bible, and they tlkced as hile in low tones, and then retired to Ibed. This dlay ras a sample of many dlays that followed, Tile scuc washidden for days to "ether. Tie sea cas lashed to fiery by tile \Ilarch?winds. The snow renemined on tics griound a fsll fortnight, receiving constant additions, iefore it began it melt. April saene, not the stnoey, fitful, fickle April of snore southern climes, best a stens, cold scnd windy mocith, crith snoers instead of rains, and withost a sign of springing vegoetation. Itwas simply a contincation of tice long and tlerrible wicnter. April gave place at last to May. The winds became milder. The seco yet lingered in the monentaice-passes aced on tie mountain-tops, bet tice iscepatience of hr. acd Mrs. Jarvis aced their confederate lead increased to such ace extenct that they resolecd to remncin no longer at Blaclk Roce, preferricng to Israve bad weather'autd lead .roads rather thane longer escldure this Northern solitude. Some deadly significance icc the looks or maclcier of her jailers warnecd Cecil that tice eed was near. MIaria brought up a bountiful dinner one day, early icn May as usual. There eias a sinister expressione icl the eyes of the Porte guese csoman that streclc a chill to Cecil's heart. Tics comanc cth drsc descending to tihe kitchlen. 'I've taken up her last dimler,' she said, 'I'm bound to leave here immediately. The girl must die to-night.' "'I' agree witni yoc, hlaria,' said Jarvis, witic ace oatlh. 'I'm sick andt tired of this blasted place. Tice girl and her servant must, die to-ucighct. The hour is come!' \- TO BE CONTINUEI) 