I MPINTSF " TH 5i N 0 V E LI S T APPEAR; Ui THIE 0e1nalier 1 Ill'$ i lol A TALE OF THE FRENCH REVOLUTION. CHAPTER XXXIT TrIT IIOUQUTr Or VlOr.lIM. As it might he farseio, the felicity of Genevieve and Mnlrice wan not of loug contltinUne. In the temelat width un. chliin, the wwind and hulrls the thunler. iolt. th'e niest iof the dove in shlkell in the tree where it had retired for shelter. OGenevieve luarolse from one terror to iun other. Sie no longer feared for Mnisoi' Inouge, she now trenlhled for Manrlce. She knew her hlnnlull sufficiently wnll io lei econvinced, the lonient of Ills dis :_.:a!pparanue, lien p ll, bult,.sure of She dnred -lot confine her griels to the man, the lenet timlid, at tlhi epoch when no one wan derold of fear, but it wrna plainly evltced by her red nyes aud pallid cheeks. one day Maurico soltly entered, no quietly, Indeed, that Genoeviev, luriedl In a prolound reverie, did not notice his entrance. lie stoppeld ipon the threshold and snaw Genevieve sitting lu. movable, her eyes fixed on voroney, her hands lyiug listlessly on her kneers, her hand Ihaging pensively Oipon her hoinon. IIe gazed at liar for, a nimoment, witlh an enpree?lon of andllness, for all that was panning io thie young girl's lheart wvlln iuddenly revelleil, on if lie hiod renid velv to her latent thought. lie steppedl up to her. " You hnve cenqed to cnro for France, Genevieve; conlfee it in no. You fly from the air youll 0 eatlie, mnu not t with out the greatest rellctan.ce will you eve li apllrocht the wiludow."' " Alas 1lnsaid lelevieve, ' I know I cannot colcenl tni tlloughtrl 1ro vonu, banerlce yoll have divioed rightlyy. :"It in, nevertheless, n. line country,"' sanil the yollng mailln; " lif is hlre ill portn t, nail well oeclllled nlo.. Thin b astlug activity of thue trlbune, the clubs, the ednllairaclne, etc., renders dwvecter the ollolra I spet lly oureown fireside. One loves it the inmore ardlent ly, mayhe froln the fear of not being able to love it oil the mlolrow, for oU the morrow one nany have ceoed to etrlat." Genovieve shook her heaul. " An ungrateful country to eerre," Fifd she. " Why nor "Yes, you whin have lahomItd o muck for the cause of liberty, are you notl to-dyn more thai halll neiunpelt l 7" "itut you, idear Ienevieve,' said Moull rice, with a look of tenderunes, " yoe a sworn enemy to thin liberty, you who hiave donue so much agiinet it, you yet sleiep fienenble nod loviolnto beneath the roof of a Ilepimbllena, and there, you nee, is mny recompense." " Ye," said Genevieve, " bult thl,t can not Inlt long ; thuit wlilelh in wrong can not endure." " What do you mean 7" "I men.n to nay that I, thint in to say, an aristocrat, that I who dreaml quietly, of the dlfeat of your party, indl the rin of oalr plali; I who conlpir?, e-,.. eveln. youllr 'houLeI ths return o1. the ancient regime, I who, recognized, yoll would cunidemn to deaith nalil islhonolr, iursuant to your opinions, at le?at; T aurice, will not remnin here nn the evil genlil of your lhouse1 I will nollt drag you to the scnafold. " And vhere woulldl you go, (lene viere 7" " Where hllall I go, Mlfumrico 7 One flay, when you o?r oult,' I shanll go nllid deinolire mysell, without saning where I comie from." " Oh l" ried ther yu m , m wound. 1 ed to tihe hleart's core, "alrenldy uln gra teiful." " No," cried the young wnman,. throw Ing her arllli rotinalld nulriee's ierk, "it in love, anll the nost devoted love. I swenr. I did inot wleh any brother ahOlllil be taken anld lntillghteredi as on rebel; I do linot winlh ny nlover to hit nreentrd and guillotiuedl na l. traitor." " And you will do this, Genevieve ?" " As truly Ien there iisn, (ll in hIeaven," replied the young wlminln; "heeldei, I not only n?peerlence fear, but rellore ;" andl shlle howel lher lenll na if it wero a burdifen too heavy to itn horne. " Oh, Genevieve I" llid llaurice. I Yun will ulnderaltind nil thait I tny, all that I feel, Maurice, for you er-' porienee reIiiorse. YIuI kllow gov minselfl il yoiu while I helongedil o in other, indl you have taken iime without my picesesing the right to dlispaos nI myself," "Ei llugh," Fnaid Malnuriee, "rinllLgh." Ife turned pale, mld a ilelancholy v eux pirenslni suilf?iied hin clear enunteUlanre, anl firm resolultion burned In his clenar eyes. " I will v hl w youll, Genevieve, how entirely I uove you,' sulid the young man: "i will prove to you that no Isa?rifice la beynlud miy lore. Yon hate France. Well, lot it be so, We will quit France." Genevieve clapped her hands, aud rn. Sgarded her lover with enthusianstic all mlrntion. " You will not deceive me, Mlaurice ?" mlurmlured he. " lnve I ever deceived youl " anid Maurice, "andl i thin the tilmen I ainl dlslonoring mlynllf for you. Generinev appro?llhed her lilw to Mlfnn rice's, and remained hainging on the neck of her lover, SYe,, you ore right," sall Genevieve; ' It I s.I who b afOienved myself. - lnt `ý"-'rt+Tfeelf. not' renlmrse, perhaps ItL.? ýin degradation to nmy love hiut youl will coulprehend, at lunet, I lora you fonr too much to feel any other emotion than the all.engroesing onn, tie fear of loeing ' .h Let nI go far away, Malunrico; let ie go far anway, where no one can reacnh in." " lln, thank" Inl ,ai Maurice, tranel portled wvith joy, ' Illut how rai we flee 7" said ileiien vieve, Irembling at the thought. " lb is not no engy to escape nowiulnye Irolln the pionnrd ef the usenainht ol ihe 2td of e lelnler, or the hatchet ol the li uglniil oef te It ,t e.f nloiatry," i" eiievloee," sold lluturic, "(,l1 willu protect itn. I,sltein to rli. A gomil, lnctn Ii hili I onllleornmr l to perlorn* apropos tu thin 2ni il Seltleilnbr,' wllch, yroll loes lit hailel, i nioe anhlilt to receivei, its reiP Iii w vislied fenvn Spoor licet ivlo tlnl stillodu w it il no I WenL to filnuloum, nintl itt his roquest the CululnlliO onl fllhiti Slfety ligned na linEuliort for thnfsroll ints Inao nnll his ulster. rIIlii flisport Danton for. niarlled to iil hint the iinhmppiy Olilli in steill of seckllim It nt my house, ma I had 'recouuinutteleuf thi to to, onion shll. ti - the Gurmeiltor, nawl there hs "A Id the Im, unpnrt 7" sol I?.?,ievsr, "i I hav it haw, It: in wortlh n t ml lbn It in wurlh nitorn thai, that, iells.. iemos I It euniprilen both Illfo anld luipl. ,Oh, ond ihe persie!l I" cried th? pomllug Wnnaull,. " NowI my propertl, nu ynou ure moore1 onsists l f estate, mnlllagedl iy nll oL nirvnut, of tiutnlillYi a l#tuLuci tiatriot, csonllds, Io livill semiil a m ilnlttmnr. wh0nmorn I wlsh, Oi in.rrlhlon at lontlolna we mill go to his hlouse, Wh!m su dne hin reside, tianii'1u At Alhfevllle," iWheun hliU we IDO; e aiDr " Wltflh on anhaI, am Sn 0no need Ilumn of onu sopwllptulee. this sItS will tlloW It. I mll room to Loulsi he bre o cahlrlolet ibsd tM home, while I hvo a ' laraL man n no cnrringe. We will oct oLt Imomedinto. ly o n my return. You relllni here. Genevieve, t(ud 1irnearoe oeerything tor our departure. We want but little luggage; weo can Ilrchrieoe ill that we require In Frrglard. I ?holl give Sie. vroe scne comnrilssion that will remove him out oe the way. Louis will explain our udeparture. We tvant hot little that time we snahll be fcr a lway." "But ii we shoaul er stoepped apon tile road 7" 11" llave we not onlr irn.iports ? Wi srnll go to Ilubert's house; that is thi stewnrd's rlalnr. Ilubrrt iormo port ci tire municipality of Alhbevllleo lfrom Arlevnllle to Bleulogtlgo re will necolmpany I0 no ,lsegrinrld. At lonlogne w0e will mrchne ld freight it vrerel, I could EIdclel p loc lird e p t tlh eoalmlmttee and rake tllell givIe rIll, ta irsio1r to Aide. ville. lBrr n,, rt bcy fIrrn, (;err.. vleve. Is It rlot hetter to risk ai r lives t ro t arri RaCdIrO re111 r Iili cIperl7', " VYc, er 111r11 II ; ILIIIr l Inc iherll IrIrCr ?crl. llrt Iiib ' yo)lr ore it'rllllrno tis i r111.or . ifgl'" l al ll ire yrrruiIg weriVrllli, llll ter t.ILl lig hier rrce tirl iltrre+o'e brerat. "'lrrte ; I IliilcIhirerl Ir ilrleh ir v olet. for you this rurnnr.ri g, iniIrnrg llelire tie Panlace dl'.galito ; buti, on rry 'rettlilr, finding you so ehir I tlllnght of noth. I vr~ wit.!, utrl I'it.Cr . . Ing lirn Inquiring the clma? of 1 Jtour ?1? trees." " Oh, gite it ito ml: I vtll. return it." Genovieve ilnhled the ndir of the honlquet with inulotl'e delight, wheno ouil decly her eyes ufthalcil with tears. " What Is it 2" laid Maurice. " Poor Ileloie I" murmurllled Genlevievee. " Al, yes I" enid lnauriee, with a sight; "but let na think of oIuiePlven and leave tile dend, wherever they Iany he, to rlet inl the grave dug bh their devotion. Adieu I I am goinog. "Rletorn quickly." Inr le tihacn l hour I shall he hero agnll." i'Blt If uI.ia in nut, at holme 1" 'lWhat does it mattler? hisr servant know? mie. And even ill hi alotiencn I can lake what. I pleale, as he wouldl do here in mine."' " Very" well." " N., (;eevieverr. firepare every thing ; out, na I hnve told yeou. cotlint *youself to iereoearles. I do not wish our deilrturo ito appenr like it re In ovni.' 're l younlg man. adntvnned a step to. wanrd the door. " Maurice," aoid Gellevieve. lie turned roind. 11nld aiO the young woman extend her nrma tlowlard him. All revolr, iu rcixoir. lear llltst," paid he "in hall nn honur I lihall in here." GenOevioe remained lone. ore npied. an Vwe have iald, In lreiarlttiiona for' thelir departure. iShe neeoailtlshed her task liI feverishl haote. Aa long io she re mnlned-in PIris, the part heo was net lugl appeared to her dialyuh eulpable. Oane out of I'rnieie, olne aimong atrn germ, it seeoieil that her eim-e-a ecrime rather of fotality thln her nowl wouald weigh tile I lhelavily oII her ronllsrelaeP. She aren hloped, imslati'd l and In solitude, clie might linish by fnorg.tting the ex. iteacn of calv other anlll than Maaurlee. 'ITheiy wou aall 1y Ina gland ; everythiug was arranged. There they" wauld hire a little elottlge, etaulaingi alonIe, very. retired, shut out Iran nll eyes: they woultl clhalng their ainiieo, anld ilnteand of two nalnn would hlavne iones 'lthen they would lnarv two, a?rr- antl, who would lie perfetly ignaorant of the pant. Fortlnalely, both (ihlvieve i.noI Maurice spoke I"nslish. Neither the one or the other Illt anylthiilg nt regret il Inrance. ThuI (Geieleveoi roenlurieL makiing reparatiiitm for their voyage. or, ratlher, flight. She took sigumlarl pleoasure in selectingll fror the reot thoenr nhjeils for which Mutrialen i had evinceld alny pre'lilectihn. rite cotn. msttiug off hil tall figuimr to adanltage, the ernilt andii wilroni t lsuitable to his enmpleLtviou, the tooks whinse leaven he had most frequaeiitfy drawn uponit. She haid nirelly iondlo her seletion ; alreadly the waiting taruiko were oni the flonor, while clothes, lieln almdll )ooks were atrown on the crallir, the cnli i11ii thl t ioiao. Sudldenly l hean rd the key turn in the loeek. " Why, hevoln hnta returad Il" Itnlt she. "Iurely oMalurice coulld not have illet him." And she enutinloed her neenilnl.tionh. The doora of thle aclooln were oiflni, andll llo heard lievoli movingll in' tihe nmute chamber. Sho held ai roll of nlllic ili her lhant, Indt was lookilng for samo aqring to tie round it. " cnvola I" cried shle. An aplproachlng step sounded iI an ad. Joluinlg room. " I s liere," nali a vlloice. At thulo sound of hil voice, th'nerieve tullrned quictly rnallln, and uttered ifi terrible cry. " My laainail I" cried sllo. i SIlhaimell," said Dimier, roallty. tnlluvieve w on i, l clhair. ?oarelhing for some strings in the wardrobl . Sihe' felt her heal tiiurn roundl, andl, extendillg her anrln, fell lruaikr'ard, wlahing slihe could precipitate herself into an arytsm he neath, Dixtner took her In hll nrlil, iand carried.her to R aloa, wh ere he aent 'edohlmm alfo. :gln " What in the matter, my dear ? What Is It 7 My preinnce 'areu to have prol daledll I most dioagrieenthlle ellect upon11 mI dyi tIng," murmlroel Generireve, turning from him, andl ressimng tiiath hands over her eayes that lshe lmight allt out the friglhtful Iapparitioa. "Wht'," anhld lixiler. "illd you Ih lievo o dend, my denr, and did you take me for a ghost 'I" Genooviever looked round her with . lhe wildered air, when, iel'etvl.ing the e ipr trait of aillarle, lano gliled l from the 1sof nard fell ilpon hr knaees, ra If to implore lithe na?itlantareof t hilas piower leani nail illrlletllti Image, wlhicll till 'enttitletl to Hiuile'. The utlilflethbl woman fuiii tilly unprehetnded thlie nieoaees cnloalell Ily )ixlor ulnder his nIofetedl eallhlness, "Oil, mily dear child,1" enlltlilluel I in tnolter talner, "' It W'n well for IIie, la'rima, that you tihuight I vans Iar rnal Parii ; h il I retauliyl there. 'l ht dayI anter I tiha qulttell, ti'm Iounel I re.. turned, andt found in Its I t ndl a. lienll of Nin.l, I inquiredl after y3ou, No an0e had aeean y11. I tihen enoinieield e., eiaria aflter yoei, uiinid liave tlil iimieli irouufle to fIiiif yau, I vat, 1 ilid ilot think yi we11 rl here, hoawever, I haln my OipletallO. 8o, ne. y011 tie. I raiOR Io larn I ai, ll and yonu I ei an. in li how it dear Maurle? IndeeId, I fear you have l-u llffenIil anllch Yo0 n alnllrh a Iloynllati eonlfa'lelef In coek luneltole undiei tho root of It Ilephll aenl. " My oaid I my Golld I" irulllllrod (lon vre, "tanko pity lpo mll e 1I" " After Itll, 111 du11," ? nlllttd Dilx itne , Watt elntre to conalo Ille lallid. Is that ioul nr an comfortlably lodged here, atld that youin I t nliappear to liave ufarnt l much irolm the prosewll tloa. As for myself, s1a Ie lthe but'rnin of our house, antl thle rnll of nor fore tune, I have hlul miy eshoro of wallllllr. lUg ladventarer , somet lao s living III I, enar, anothor tlis a bout, usntotllnll Oevei lu the coIlllntRnI uWae with whlehl the Seinto abounds,." "lnonselur I" anid 'enevieve. "You have there enolo beaotiful fruit; rto for me, I have often 'gons without any deesert, not having imlt any ditlt nor." Oenevlevo, sobbing bitterly, sen ported iler hIend between her bhnits. ' Not," continueod Dixmer, " tlat I wona destitute of money.T I hlve, thank iod I generally cnrried with me thirty thon andl nfrncs by 0ealls of wlhich 'the 'collier,' the 'fishermel,' or the o'.rag mterchant ' lIrow lthe fotai from his pocket to purchase n morsel of chreeau :n nsmnge. LEh, m?y God I yes, mladname, I have elccessfully anilonl themo three costutmes. 'ro.di? , -the bIet tar to disguise lnySclf. I a1n on tat riote en exngere, on lnrseillnie. I liol nnlj I iwear, an otlnv cnlllot collcenl lit. vell as easily ln Paris iL a ytoung jaid I'retty woioitA, loit I hnve not the hnollpl. ires tfl ltot nowig aln l Ardent yollng It itbilienti who would hide Ie from every Slunideurtlr I luotnlieur I" cried Gene. v1eve, "' hniSe merley tI?inti tile ; yoi Par tllit I mnm d'hlug," SAnxiety ; I tin Itltidertinllll fthi t youtt have hadtin tuh itxiety Ilhotlt nie ; hlt conintlet' yoiieif, yout lien ttie mwtt. tue r'eturiiedf, amid w0e will now Ot't lio ttirs llln, e ittd'."c "Oh, youit will kill the I" erio:l Gitel Dixner regarded her withl a trinlgLt fy i " o i ttle ; - - .. .. . . . ' ' . . "Kill: Ill n innocent 0wormn I. . dle, whallnt makes yol y nly oei ? It inttnt Le that griit for lily alnseenc hale tulrned \- mOtlter I1- nin ItenPvevti , ' mnn oletir, I eseech youll to kill mile at once, rnthter, thantl torture ime nith these ertel rcilleries. No, I oall tnot innotcellt; yes, I' uil riminnl ; yte, I merit death. Kill me, ullonsieulr, kill mle-" "'TheI. you acknowledge that you nomrit denth ?" " Yes, yero " rtllll to eXlplto tlhis crime of which youl' neitor yourself, you viill ilnhtit to dflnth without compllintt?" "Strike, monsieur; I will not titter a cry. and, inutend of rcur.itg, I drill hlour tie llhandl that strikes ime." " Not, mndame: I do not wish to strike you, tholgh, it nll nirobnhility, ytn will die. Only your death. iustenad ofl he lig, na yoiu seem to fear, nl ignomillnlln tinle. lhall he moot glorloes. T'hntk me, nmadAt e,, while punishing, I will Inlator-' talize you." " Wlhnt.t then, will you do, monsieur 7" " You will follow the end to which we were teuding when interrupted on ollr rolute. Il your own eyes and it lmit,e you die gullilty; in th eyes of the worldl you will die t mnrtyr." " Oh, my God I you will drive me mnd bly Snptking tilus. Whllere are yol colln dtletllug me ? where are yout drugging toe ?" " ta nil probability, to death." " Caet tie ito offer up one prayer." "To whom ?"' " It mutterp nolto you. Tthe moment Tyon deprive me of life, my deblt is etnn eIlrd-nlv dtelt paid, I ovwe " you notilntg.' " 'rlle," sad Di ltier, retiritng itto n otlher roomn " I will await you." Anll he left her once more nlone. Gentevieve sunk on her knees before the mortrait, pressing her hands Against her turstiug beart. "Maturice," said she, in a low tone. " pardon me; I could not expert to be hIpl)y, hlt I hoped to have made yoll an. ffMaurice, I am depriving you of n joy that runstitulted your life ; pardon Ine for rouoling your death, my beet te loved I" 'Then, severing a ringlet from her maos of etrls, she bound It rotnd the houquet 1o violets and placed them heneath the lortrait, which. insenlble and speech lo ns It wun. still appeared to naslme en expremtlon.of grioel at. her iodepnrtre., Att leant, so it appearet to the Atteoartit. nnte tentieviere, on- ott gazedIf at It through her tmon. " Well,, are you ready, madame ?" de. mlltnded Dixnmer. " So soon l" murmured Genevieve. "Oh, tikn yolur time, tmadnme," re plled Dixlnor. "I nam in to hurry. l.e ailee, I dare ona. Mfaurice will niot be long, and I thall he delighted to thank bhur for all his kindness nudi hospitnllty toward you." tieneri'enq trqmlled with terror at the Idea of n ntieting hntwentin her lover and hul blltld. She raised hlerself Iy nn effort. enllint, elltly : " It is linished, ionliletlr, noal I nm rend ynow." Dlixntle' tivlt out first. andl the trembt. lin Gernevieve followed him. With hanlf eloted eyes, her hertld tulrned roundtl t look her Inst, slr ascenled the earringe whtirh wan wniting at the door. It rolled away. An Generiore had truly said-it was Ilniehed, CIIAPTER XI:. TIle CAII.IttF T 1IE '3UITT I)PD.-NOR. This man, attired It the blotse, whom rwe hare seen travceurillg with oInag nid nr1,d1 strides the Halle dis Pa-.Peilhts, lwhom we have herd (dllrlin thb ex rdltion ,of the nrchitect Girnild, Oein ertl Ifenrilt and Richard) conversing with the turnlkey left to guard ithe Ilnb terrnoellllu )i?nog, this etlrage lpatriot, who had ilntrodlledl hinlmself tn Slilttol on having rnrrietd the hand nil the Prinleeon de L.ntibnlle, fntuld himself, nn the lixt evenliig, ntlot ievren o'clock, it the CabAret dti Pult'.doeNoe, ituated, ao we have said, at the corner of lna Itue de In Vlelln Drnperis. He wn srattL," nt the end of a dirty room, redlolet of tobneen and eandles, pretellnding to do. voulr a pinto of fish swimming ill llnck butter. 'Thle motm where he slpped was nenrly desertedl; two or three hnhitnes of the honlle alone remnalel after the rest who enjoyed the privilre of it tnily visit to this establishmeut. The tnhles were, for the most part, empty, ht w ght we oit ton remlrk, In honor to t'nbnret dilt l'lte.de-Noo, that the staino cii' tinileclotlm denoted the ldepnrltre of n antalrnetnry ulmnher of satisfied guests. The three Inst lsceesslvejy disaipepared, ntll at atout a quarter to eight the, pntrltt found t hlmhselfqlole. "The,. With trite Itritoeratie dlegillst, he ptullhed nwny the grensy plate, whleh nllt ilnsunt ibefore he Ihtd ppeaorrlf to thiltk co le licitus, and drew from his pocknt a table,t of Spatlah rhocolate, which he rnt slowly, ntll with a very dilferent exprlnlon? tt t that ire hnve eutllervored to portray onil Ih ?o'nttlteannre. Frol tite to time, while entillng hin cheolte nndl black bread, he ernt toward a glnss door, phnded by a red and hite cheerk ed eurtain, atinxliut ad impntient glnnces. Rometilnes e initerrupted Ile .rugnl replst to listen; itn short, evile ett thlnetee , of mi.td 11ffleint io Ini drir the mtulrttm of the mntttion (qettled nt iher I'tttitter, ant neonr the door otl whirlh the paltriont n eagerly lxFil his ieos) tn ctoniltidn, thnt lue might wit-i nut vnnity rooidler herRelf ito the no jett t hi' trieaeetl intloit, At letgth tihe Ilnr-hll Senlltled fit a wy thot atdle hihl tnrt; Ien dliw thle plnto ngunin forIre hhin, nlloi, lwithoit nttrnrting the wo1mnlt'S nhoervttoinn, tireaw tll the rolltellt to t Itllllted-llokhitg dlog, toitd tIe remttnthlt r ti It mint, teho, pitllFtetlly oeriolug the Ilon littntlllien, re'rrtedt Il rittiro' otiie softhuer frotm his itws, The td illt it tilt e I fin n l0 tio pttrlnt, twith Ile lifi'a, d ft witht irLui e tIo tl1ueunt~rllgea T'o tn C?otml'nuI "do wort' 11101 00 own m a I1tlbbnft'. ttl lld r.trllhll Jefferntll, "''u1t I bibldq ufuif I got baet Wvo'il like doe deitiel to, collect II,"--ltlllhlltol, N ?eti, "'.llt| t itle7'' "Alt, Ifllt a , Ilhllno. Ilro ellHO of tnltr Oltt tlo itlLtI, fin nlaiora tllder ttI n Itll'eonlott that ro Ito i a I1llkmtnu,"-Nect York Prntl, DtntlsOy--f lltdelrtnttIf that ilmrs, liut-i bilt tltl Itlegui dlveorit prreeedhulgnh Doeboy--Oit whttt otnlUlldo? lobnhoy-. Vooth Dahoto,--lloxbUry oatotto. ', 