A MOST STORY. Mysterious Rappings. Investigators Puzzled. "Sorno strange phenomena have lately Reon startling the huge district of the jfrreat Fen 'Level ' of Huntingdonshire and Cambridgeshire. -. It appears that in Tick Fen a Ramsey magistrate lias, a farm, at : the extremity or wnicn, xar away from other buildings, live a horse- Iceeper named Rowthan, hiB wife and a ?ed-ridden daughter. The cottage Is a ypical fen shanty of wood' and thatch, and adjoining it Is a similar tenement, occupied by the farm foreman, Levitt, and his wife. Miss Rowthan, who Is 15 years of. age, and has been confined to her bed for nearly 12 months, slept in a room near the thatch; her bedstead rest- fng against the gable end of the roof. The other Monday, at midnight, GENTLE RAPPINGS against her bed were heard, , and as th( ' walls are wooden the noise. was more j apparent. At first the sounds came ir. 'sequences of three and four, increasing 'to six or seven at a' time, and growing louder as they proceeded. Then they ceased for a space, and recommenced more virorousjy, until they were heard <byl the next-door neighbours— according to-o|ie report, at a'-farinhouse 500 yards 'off. ' The mother and father, at rest in. \--the-same room, wej'e also alarmed, but. for> a time did nothing, thinking the manifestation would cease.' These,- in? stead, increased until the "ghosts,""' as If angered at being pooh-poohed,- be came so noisy as' almost to threaten a, -terrific crash. Nothing was to be'-sden, though it was clear and starlight, and the disturbances continued to- ring -out across the fens. The rappings recurred dt intervals until the' advent . of dawn seemed to .drive the malicious "spirits" before- it. On the follpwing night, though at a different time, a repetition of the. phe nomena occurred.. , Meanwhile the in mates, who. had suffered the mysterious affair in silence, had determined upon .'decisive action. On the third night the father, .' ' " i TAKING :A LOADED GUN, went butside-the building, but' the rap pings against the. gable were renewed more vigorously than ever. Search, par ties were .organised, but everyone re mained- baffled,- The countryside began to talk of the mystery, and watch par- ties -assembled . in the cottages - until ' morning. No timid ghost was this, for the .'pulsations, continued while eyes were fixed 'on the very spot upon which the invisible blows were given. The landlord's estate bailiff, together with a companion, took pains -to keep vigil In the "haunted house" from midnight till three. -The noises were repeated with the greatest freedom. He drove' back to -Ramsey at three in the morning, admit- ting- Ulat lie was uameu even wi me: e,e- verest of the .theories he had in his o.wn mind' conjured up to account for the mystery. Hundreds of people have visi ted- the place, and solicitors, merchants, farmers, and others, from the surround ing district have made critical: examina tion- pfthehouse. Thegirl has been re moved into the adjoining house, where the. rappings are not. audible of so fre quent! ./'.'.' 