1 Ladies Letter from Paris. February 20. As compared with wliar. exists m other eouutrios, there is no " spiritism " in Franco. Thcro are not tho less a grout many pcoplo ' -who nurse as it fad somo "ism" brmiohing from tho occult snionces, not. as a oroed to uphold and to propagate, hut us a puzzle, a seotion of tho unknown, to solve. Tho plunotary system is held hy this , oluss to oxcreiso an influoneo on human i destiny. Tho moon has from all time .been accoptcd us a lunalio agont. But 'in tho piionomona of ghosts, spool's, nnd an ethereal reappearance of tho ilcpnrled, tho templo has not many worshippers, reople in robust health, possessing a sound mind in a sound body, cure for none of these tilings. Tho into Countess of Caithness wus tho salient example of tho spiritism of the. ported. She evory day dressed, for a fow hours, in , n toilette of tho i'lizubothan period, and withdraw to hor sanctum to hold communion with tho shado of Mary Queen of Scots. Sho hoasted also to evoko tho spirits of other colohritics, and to learn how tho other worlds wagged. Sho was rich ; gave good suupors ; loaned money freely, so had a largo following. Sho did not drop her nmntio on uuy shoulders. Bo it remembered, they ura not the French who become proselytes, hut units from tho cosmopolitan sido of tho population. This will explain the failnrc of M. Surdou's new play, "Spiritisino," Despilo his talent nnd all tho mechanical ecstaoy of Sarah Bernhardt to interpret the incomprehensible, Parisian spectators only rank tho psoudo- drnmu us a farce. They ridicnlo it, so its prematura demise was a certainty. Thoy nrc scoffers to tho marrow, and enjoy exposing , those who aim to hoodwink or bamlioozlo them. It is truo the present timos nro very troubled j nerves uro run down, and minds seek definite conclusions and concroto aims. But all that unrest docs not accopt spiritism as a calmunt. Now it is in concluding tho contrary, that Sardoti lias failed. Ho believed Unit our diseased civilian - 'tion could bo cured hy philters of tho new astrology, till rebuked by his patients, who. .laughed at tho nicdiuino mail, and ridiculed his prescriptions. Thcro is noithcr pilot nor passion in the spectacle destined to rescue society from tho down lino. Thero is only one lady rolo in it, anil thilt is tho monopoly of the grand Sural,, who will never, interpret a new play unions tho femaio side of it is crystallised to suit her talent aloiio. Sho is a young and lmndsomo wife, and wealthy : married to a doctor who pnssoa all his time mooning over spirit curiosities. Being neglected, his wife, of course, elopes. Tho runaways are reported as killed and calcined in a railway accident. Tho fugitives did not travel hy that train. By hor misconduct, the wife forfeits her wealth, and being reduced to poverty, lior paramour, a high-class swindler, ' abandons her. Iter oousin dis covers her hiding plnco and dcslitutlmi. Ho intends to work spiritism to rcconoilo lier with her husband. Tlio latter is inadn to liclicvo that bin wife is wandering throughout tho stcllnr system, graduating in a plnnotnry purgnlory, to ho purified from her great fault. Wore tho husband to pardon her, tho purification process would ho at once effected, mul tlio spirit restored to a haven of rest. As sho is dead, tho liiisbuud lias no difficulty in according a posthumous forgive ness. But says tlio cousin, " Siuco you loved your wifo so deeply, if sho was ' resurrected,' returned in real flosli and blood, would you refnso thou to pardon hor?" White tlio hus band is cogitating over that aspect of spiritism, tho wife descends from tlio clouds, a diaphanous-spoof, and falls into his arms. Tlio curtain is instantly rung down, so tlio incredulous hud only to laugh, white tho tender sonl spectators gavo way to tho work ing up. tho churning, of emotions, by Sarah's bewitching pathos, nnd Sardou's olovor bathos. Now this is tho noxt to solo subject of society conversation — for the momont. Tho Grooka liavo everybody's sympathy, savo that of the diplomatists. Wo are to havo real Olympian games to raiso funds for Christiun Cretans — tho Mussulmans are loft to the euro of tlio l?rophot. Orthodox eoncorts by "Maids of Athons" ura announced. Fashion commences to borrow ohiffon ideas from Grecian- wardrobes; gontlomeu are solicited to purchase Byronio collars, and ludics to ronounco tho rnimtlo with tho blizzard neck muffler, and adopt tho spangled nnd glittering Greek blouso and looso jacket. Lady artists uro to havo a picture bazaar to raise money for Cretan independence, and a penny subscription is suggested, to soouro funds to rebuild cottages for Greoo-Crotaus. Greece is living ngaiti. Tho problem still presses, what to do with tho surplus of unmarried women, willing to work, hut that cannot find employment? M. lOlmiUoy-Bort launched a snhomo to send single women, between 18 and 30, who would promise to wed, to tho colonics, which wore \- said to bo swarming with bachelors only too nnxious to marry. M. Bert ncithor muncd the colonies, nor gavo his authority for tho oxistencoof tho bachelor ' bonanzas." This wns a damper for tho candidate rvivos : not more than 217 out of tho 20 millions of tho frnnulo population of Franco registered their willingness. Nor was it explained wlicro the cash to carry out tlio project was to eomo from. Tho voluutoer Juliots, ohiofly milliners and nccdlowomen, had not a sixpence, and tho prospective Homeos declined to contribute to the trousseaux, tin when M. Bert held liiu propaganda confer- once, tho socialists broke up the seats and attempted to whack tho lecturer and his co- good SamarltmiH, accusing them of organising a plun 1 o soli French girls as slaves to bachelor niggers in Africa, and almond-eyed, yellow- coloured celibates in Annum nnd Tonkin. Tho wivos required in tho French colonies, provided whito bachelors exist, should he of the country sorvant girl class. Into tlio 'heads of tho latter, tiio idea of emigration . never ontors. They emigrate, ton provincial town, obtain a place in a family, or a .fuqtory, save a iittlo nionoy, and then wed a .'soldier after uorving his throu years in tlio army. He may havo a trado, and with the wifo's rnugot tho house can ho furnished or a small shop opened, chiefly of tho omnibus ;typo— grocor, costormongor, nnd publioun. -Failing a' husband, sho will opou the huckster's shop, on her own account and tuko. i in half u , dozou clients who ' ,,will. .bonrd with lior. A Frcnoli- . -woman rarely fails iu this elass of lifo. Sho has tlio courage of a lion, works from morn . .till night, is frugality itself, novor drinks, and ,'iuveBts her savings. Hor toinplo is tho Biivings hunk. - Tire pastrycooks in Paris have no drinking or tippling facilities. Bosides, Fronohwomon, -either of liigh or tew dogroe, do not drink. It -would spoil thoir good looks, white tho monoy would Uo hotter if saved up. Froiich ladies patronise the oonfcotionor'B shop, but geno- ridly thoy ape mothers with their children, either vottng or grownup. Goutlomon, as a rulo, ao not congregate iu tho pastrycook shops, and when thoy do thoy soloot one of ..their own, into which a lady rarely strays. Tlio customers in this onso are ohiofly Ger mans, so that is suffioioiit to keop away tho \- French. In nil those gnthorings water or , milk is tlio bovorage, although tho shelves have tho usmil eliomist-shop-iiko display of variegated bottles of coloured liquours. , Tho "ton rooms" are chiefly Anglo-American industries. They havo a Boreas insti- ' : tuticm nharaotor. Ladies really do go Iioro for , n oup of hoheu, nnd so do oldorly gontlemon, who in time drop off into tho forty winks stago. 'Tho rooms are not happy hunting grounds for, either Romeos and Juliets. .' In tho multitude of idon-projeots sent to : -tho commissioner of tho 1900 exhibition, it ' may b'o truly said none havo been l-cooivod . from ladies. A ooronufctoo of gijutlomon intqfll to deal with tho subject. Thoy propose' ; a'ssRiifato pavilion, wherein would ho con centrated'1 industries suited to women, and . liUUklMtad1 by- working examples. Several v ; fabrioaate have offered to- supply. machinery. The sohomo .would havo no connection with theorios or doctrines, hut how to win bread. f.t ' ' FssnioHB. .Tlio double-breasted jacket possesses very blilloony sleeves, imd is mndo in cloth. geno; rally of a plum or ohooolato shade, yigogno soft olotlis nvb creeping into favour. Tho ulotli 'is a soft niiil elognnt material for jackets. ' Respecting sleeves in general thoy nvb linrroiv-plontod up to tlio shoulder, ending in plants of tlio snino . material at. tho gown or bodice. For dinner toilettes tho high body is in vogue. Tlio . material is velvet, silk, or satin, tlio opening , of the eorsago displaying fino tulle, gimp, or gauze. For bail dresses oronm is thb fusliionnblo shade, and tho embroidery is very glittering, white being toned down by violots and rosebuds. Cure must bo taken not to over decorate waists, us the owuors may ho tempted by tlio bolts — jot, gold, silver, and buckles of precious stones. Street dresses cbntinuo to lie short ; white reimiiiiing full and very bell-shaped, tho drapiing requires special attention to secure graaoful fulling ; above tho hips the skirt mustho closo-fltliug, and the goilots at tho linek arranged to seoilro tho necessary stiff ness without impeding walking. Tlio hlouao e.orsagu has taken a now lcusc of lite, nnd is patronised for day ns wall lis for ovening wear. It is a very convenient, urtiolo of dross, so cannot ho supprensod. The liu-go black felt hat, willi soft volvct crown, displays mora moderation iu plumes ; the toque is ill velvet to inntah dress ; thero is 110 iron rulo for colours. Cookery. Burnt aux ohonx, a homely and nourishing dish. — Select a good morsel of a lump of beef, and slowly cook for five hours ; drain woll, and sorvc, surrounded with tho four quarters of a head of cabbage, slices of bacon mid sausages sopiu- atoly cooked in tho wqtur . wherein the beef was boiled . " Blauquotio do voau, always a popular ragout. — Slice tho roast veal, and plnco in 11 saucepan with butter and half a spoonful of flour, moisten witli warm water or broth, udil a glass of whito wine, two onions, morsels of bucon, mushrooms, tliymo, and a laurel leaf or two. When the annuo lias slowly cooked for an hour, add, iu order to hind, tho yellows of oggs and tho juice of a I01I1011. It is a dish always patronised, whether in family or restaurant lifo. Abatis do diude, &c.; — Stowed giblets are at. oneo cheap and appetising. Having scaldoil, plucked, Sea., tlio gibluta, mid divided them into morsels, lirown them in a sauce pan with hits of bnooii ; whan well browned add a pinch of bcaton-up flour, moisten with soma broth 01' water, add small onions and potatoes, or replaco tho latter with turnips, and simmer for t.ivo hours. Tlio turnips ought to be cooked npnrfc and only added to tho ragout half 1111 hour before serving ; skim off grease mid servo very hot. Bcigiicta d'Orangea. — A delicious sweet, Xircparcd and fried tlio sumo us for upplo fritters. 