Third Book of Chronicles. [BY "THE LIAn."] 1 And it came to p ass, in the third year of the drought, in the land of O'Sullivan, that the fullness of time troubled the Council. 2 And the Lord Mayor spake unto the ! diciplee, nairng, "Three of ye musre go into outer drkneass till the people set ye on high a again." 1 3 And the three that went out were: He r of the lightning leg, ,f the house of,Grady ; Slie that smniteth the Cooneil's officers, of the house of billiards; and he that served Jay Jay for years. • 4 But the ghost of the former king of the land had betaken himself afar off, to the country called Qtuirindi. 5\. Then there arose two other wise men : The man of potions and phials, and he that bes rideth the mighty Emaperor. 6 And the Lird Mayor called the p"ople r together and aiid, "Ohoos- ye the three wise Councillors; bu" as for me, I will be your L rd M.tyor for ever." 7 Then the house of wisdom was filled by a great cloud, and the people marvelled; for it wes only the Auotionrer'j pipe. 8 Then the Auctioneer said, " Me you may pub out, but first put out the sm ke, so that we can see the points of.thliir wisdom " 9 Then spake he of the house of billiards : " Ye hav- done wrong, ye and your"hou-e. This-here loan was wrong ; this here Council Clerk waA p lid four quid." 10 And 'he lord of the pen cried in a Iig voice, " Y u're i angel." 11 And there was brouble in the camp, and the people expected a flool of blood but the storm passed through the k-yhole. 12 And the cue-driver continued: "If the people set me on high I will he full of joy, and if they spit me out I will'burst for very gladness." 13 Then he whose 1"g was of lightning sprang out from the crowd and said, "Chaps -I run; I win." 14 There also ,rose the maker of potions and the drawer of teeth, and lie sp;tke gently. Yet the" people were sore afraid, laes he should give them any lawghing " Ras." And w.len he had finishedI they shut their mouths, for their teeth were their own. 15 The ruler of Eiperar was absent, for his mouth wateroth not for speech. Into the land of Gia had hlie j urneyel, where dwelled the gr.-at Gold Ore Ik. 16 Then 'he penple rose with a noble spirit and adjourned to Pooley's. There they had mote spirit, of a nibbler size. 17 And on the morrow the heavens open d, the lightning flashed, the thunder ornshed, and their rates were not pail. 18 Ad the people were sorely troubled for the want rf tin. 19 And the chosen were also troubled for the want of votes 20 Then he of the house of billiards took 1 Oounsel with tlhe hero of the Russell tburglary I so-re ,,nd said, "I want all the votes I can get ; and all 'plrmprrs.' " 21 And Tom answeied, " By gad you do." 22 Then the combat was forgotten, for I had not Butler arriv-d at San Francisco 23 Anti he history of the ballot will tie found in the look of Gab. At the WVarnambool Chess Congress Crane, jun, (N.S.W) won, with (i wins, I loss ; Hodgson (Vio.) is second, with 5 wins, 2 losses. 