Of SUGAR BOUNTIES. The ' St. James's Gazette,' which is perhaps the most inclined to protection of any British paper, says that Great Britain has warned France that ehe will have recourse to countervailing duties if the French sugar bounties are ndt removed. This news comes upon the top of other to the effect that Great Britain has agreed to join the conference arranged by the other powers with reference to the proposal to abolish the sugar bounties, that the German Government intends to submit a bill to the Reichstag in faror of abolition, and that leading members of the French Chambers of Commerce are pressing M. Jleline, the Premier, in favor of abolition. Sugar, in fact, seems a burning question at present in Europe, as well as in America, where it has contributed to the movement for the annexation of Hawaii. It will be re membered that at the end of last year. the British Government appointed Sir Henry. Norman, formerly Governor' of Queensland, Sir Edward Grey, Bart., M.P., and Sir David Barboar, late Director of Finance and Cbmmerce for the Government of India, to be commissioners for the purpose of, with certain scientific assist ance, inquiring into the condition and prospects of the West India sugar growiDg islands. The commission, after an exhaustive inquiry, re ported at the beginning of last October. The report said that the best form of immediate relief would be secured by the abandonment of the Continental bounties. The commission re couimended that Great Britain should grant a Eum of .£60,000 to clear off the float ing debts of the islands, .£30.000 to settle the laborers on the land, .£120,000 for the establishment of central factories at BarbadoeSj ^27,000 a' year for the next ten years to develop the minor industries and improve the means of communication, and .£20,000 a year to assist the ordinary expenditure of the email islands of the West Indian group. Sir Henry Norman (the chair man) advised1 the imposition of countervailing duties to operate against the Continental sugar bounties. JL'he majority of the members of the commission, however, did not concur in the chairman's recommendation. If counter vailing- duties have been threatened, that threat is a remarkable departure from pure freetrade doctrine ; but some pres sure must have been used to produce even what variation there has been in the dis position of the Continental beet sugar-growing countries, all of which raised their bounties last year, France, the principal supporter of the system, increasing here by .£400,000, while the German and Austrian bounties were doubled. This contributed to make the year 1896 one of the worst that the sugar trade of the British Empire has seen for a long time, despite the fact that the Cuban crop was, owin* to political disturbances, a very small one, and the Continental beet crop was only an average one. It may bs that the Con tinental powers are fearing the effect on their * sugar trade of a great effort by Britain to put her colonial sugar trade in a strong position, and it may be that the weight of bean ties which the Continental Powers have to pay on beet sugar is making the various nuance Minis ters fractious. The export of sugar from the various British sugar producing colonies in 1894 (the last year for which fall statistics are avail able) was the enormous - amount of 565,039 tons, of which the bulk was from tbe West Indies, though Fiji, Mauritius, Natal, and Queensland are also included in tb.e table. At an exceedingly moderate rough estimate this export will have been worth over £5,000,000, and if Great Britain were to endeavor to further de velop it, it can easily be seen what amounts in bounties France, Germany, and Austria would have to pay ia order to compete. At the same time the bounties have done much in the past, not only against the British sugar refiners, but the West India sngargrowers also. Soma islands have about held their own or a little more ; but between 1889 and 1894 there were grave fallings off in such famous sugar-growing places as Dominica (42,000cwt to 24,400), JSiauritius (2,788J988ew6 to 2,723,057), and Trinided (l,003,300cwt to 937,3S0). The fearful weight of the sugar bounties on the Continental Govern ments may, oh the other hand, be judged from the fact that Germany in 1895 exported to thea United Kingdom (probably a good part of it for re-shipment) .£9,393,890 worth of sugar, and France ,£1,325,446 worth of refined sugar, that is to say, the Uoited Kingdom, through the operation of the Continental sugar bounties, was able to purchase this hugre bulk of sugar at below the sum it took the manufacturers to produce it; the Conti nental taxpayers made up the difference. If -one side here can draw from the subject of sugar consolation from the rumor that the heavy Continental competition has made Great Britain shaky about countervailing duties, the other side can point with even greater certainty to the ruinous consequences of an exaggerated bounty system which the history of the last few years of the sugar trade shows. Had the news about sugar been known last night, the various political references at Afihneld and elsewhere would have been livelier. All's well that ends well, as everybody knows, but better still if it begins well also ,- acd the first test match, having at last had a good beginning, promises to run on smoothly to the finish. After the cheerles3 weather -of Friday and Saturday, and the unfortunate irregularity' about the first postpone meat, it was quite a relief; to see the players take the field yesterday under a bright and unclouded' sky, on an almoBt faultless wicket, and with apparently all the soreness 'worn off as between those of theiprincipal parties s-ho had so recently been at loggerheads. That there should have been so large an attendance on the opening da?— and 'washing day,' too— shows what a fascination cricket has for the multitude. The crowd was well repaid for its patronage. There was a first class display of batting, and that, of course, is the great attraction in cricket. Of course, on so good a wicket, one would look for brilliant penormancea with the bat; but it was scarcely to be expected that the batsmen would have the bowlers so completely at their mercy as they had. Only five wickets were got for the day's play. At that rate, the matcU should extend over four days, but of course it is not to be expected that yesterday's batting average will be kept up throughout the match. It is too soon to pronounce . judgment yet, but as far as the play has gone it would seem to show that the Aus tralian team wiil need more bowling strength if it expects to hold its own against England in the test matches. . Variety is not a characteristic of Me Lyne's oratorical method when politics are his theme. In that speech which he delivered at Ashfield last night it was no more apparent than it usually is. The meeting he addressed was held under the auspices of the local Protection Union, and was, of course, in an appropriately receptive mood for all the praises wnicn Mr. Lyne had 4;o bestow on the fiscal policy of which he is the duly accredited champion, -and for the corses he was prepared to vent on free trade, l'hat in both respects the gentleman's utterances were some what of the stalest probably was of little moment to the majority of those who heard them. If that were regarded as a sufficient reason fox observing silence, &' good many of the protec tionist advocates would be dumb indeed. Anyhow, Mr. Lyne began hie remarks with a repetition of the now familiar asBortion that since toe present Government took office they have, initead of. reducing the indebtedness of New Sonth Wales, increased it by four or five millione. In short, he vent over the same ground through which, when pursued on different occa sions before other onlookers, he had been so carefully followed by Mr. Eeid, and with such damaging results to the alleged accuracy of his survey. However, the general public must be pretty well surfeited by this time with the dis cussion of the question as to whether Mr. Eeid's system of book-keeping is right or wrong. In any case it would be very un likely, to be sure, that tne freetrade Premier could satisfy the leader of the Opposition and his friends. Descanting in his accustomed manner on the blessings of protection and the evils of the opposite system, Mr. Lyne observed that one of the worst things which could happen a comtuun ity was to have cheap wages ruling throughout it. Certainly it needs no ghost come from the grave to teilus this. It may be said to embody one of those elementary economic truths ' which nobedy can deny.' But the illustrations of it which suggest themselves are not exactly of a kind wkicb. har monises with protectionist ideas on the subject. For example, in this test of high and low wages freetrade New South Wales decidedly has nothing to suffer by comparison with protectionist Vic toria. And is it not in the protected countries of Europe that starvation wages prevail most ? 'Aye, but look at America,' the ardent Austra lian protectionist is wont to exclaim. He forgets that the case of Ani9rica is an exceptional one, and that, even under the restrictive system to which she is committed, she has still in that little world in itself which she represents to a great extent freetrade in a very substantial meaning of the words. The advice of the American political boss to his supporters to 'vote early and vote often' would not appear to have been wholly ignored ia Australia. It will be remembered that from time to time there have been very curious abatements as to the strange ways in which votes at election contests have increased and multiplied. However, there is reason to believe that as tried in this country the thing has been con fined more or less to amateur hands, and has never got into those of real experts at the busi ness. The circumstances have, in fact, been too much against the generous spirits whose ambition it has been in that direction to make Australians rival the gentle arts cf their American cousins. That there is as little public encouragement for their efforts in Victoria as there is in New South Wales is to he gathered from an item of news from tbe southern province, which runs as follows : Tn the Criminal Court to-day (Monday) Mr. Justice a'Beckett dealt with a conple of electors of the Kil more district who were charged with bavins illegally voted twice at the recent election there. As there was eood reason for believing that the offences were committed in ignorance, his Honor inflicted a fine of £5. The judge, while coming to a charitable conclusion as to the actual motives for this excess of energy on the part of the two voters, yet apparently deemed it well that the new experience which they were gaining should at all events be paid for in coin of the realm. A fine of £,5 ie not indeed a very heavy one, but as a simple reminder, as it was evidently intended in this case, it ought no doubt to serve. Mr. Borchgrevink Beems to have at last attained the object of his ambition. The ambition itself is . a high and worthy one ; but -why Australia should be flouted and sneered at for not showing wild enthusiasm in the matter is what puzzles all Australians who have noticed the matter. We have not heard that Cape Colony has been interviewed on the subject or that a. meeting of Fatagonians has been called to consider the desirability of annexing the South Pole, Australians alone are supposed tp show as much delirious excitement about opening up the Antarctic as they do about a test match. Sir George Newnes, know.n to the Austral world by all manner of cheap literature, has come forward in the character of capitalist, and Mr. Borchgrevink is reported to have . purchased a steamer ia CcrLstiania for the proposed trip south. Sir George Newnes will have a flutter for his money, and whether Borchgrevink reaches the South Pole or not the Newnes expedition frill be a splen did advertisement for the much-advertised knig-ht. We may naturally expect that tbe usual jokes will be cut that the ex plorer takes with him advertisements of Newnes's publications to stick on the South Pole. But there is no doubt that for a wealthy man to spend his surplus cash in encouraging scientific discovery is a far nobler way of employ ing it than that adopts i by many of the new made millionaires of the present day. After all it is the fault ot the Australians themselves that a craze for Antarctic discovery should be as cribed to them. Have they not laid violent hands on the Southern Cross? Naturally the world thinks that they design appropriating the South Pole. Advance Australia ! 