THE FIGURE IN THE SNOW. By DANIEL I1. COA.Vj];. It is not with any intention of add.tug to the alread;>- over-long catalogue of socalled "Ghost Stories," still less attempting to illustrate or to refute some- new psychological theory, that the singular experience which I am about to describe is here set: forth. 3Iy «ole object is to clear myself of an altogether unfounded suspicion, rumors of which 3iave begun, after a lapse of many'months, to reach my ears, by giving 1 to the world the details of -what is, perhaps, the most extraordinary, episode in the w hole course of legal history. The once-f&mous; "Willoughby Case." celebrated as^bein#>one ;bf the most protracted Chancery suits^pn record? and its*sudden and dramatic termination consequent upon me discovery.by one of the counsel engaged, of certain musing documents of title, must still befresli in the public memory; and the references which 1 have to make to that case, changing only the names of such persons and places as might be pushed", bv their introduction, into an unwelcome notoriety, will. therefore, he of the slightest nature consistent with tin- evolution of my story. Suffice it to say that,, 3. Frederick Marsden. was £he young barrister who found the missing documents, concealed in my own chambers, that the claimant. Miss Willoughby, whose success depended upon the discovery of ihe dc-eds. has since become my wife, and that the vague unreasonable suspicion of some fraud on my part in connection with the affair has determined 'me to make known what I would have greatly preferred to keep secret, the singular, the almost incredible circumstances under which I made the discovery. It was in the autumn of IS that. being on the look-out for residential chambers, I found a set vacant at No. 5 Trafford's Inn, near Ilolborn. The rooms appeared likely to suit me, and I accordingly took them, and entered upon my tenancy with the New Year. I had hitherto lived in lodgings; but lately I had begun to build up a. A ery satisfactory little practice, and I thought that my increasing income would justify an establishment of my own. Trafford's Inn consists of a small, stone-paved square, and upon this square my rooms, or rather my sitting-room, looked upon the commanding altitude of the third floor. The place was quiet: almost too quiet, ihe silence at night being positively oppressive. All the buildings were very old, the rooms lowpitched and oak-panelled, the floors sagged, the ceilings bulging downwards. My chambers had no striking peculiarity, except, perhaps, the 'fact that they had been vacant for a good many years, and that there was. in consequence. a somewhat musty atmosphere in the gaunt bare rooms .and in the great cupboards and capacious chests with which the place abounded. This, however, was soon got rid of fey such simple expedients as open windows and a little fresh paint; aud, when I had had the place properly furnished, with pictures, chairs, and tables, all oldfashioned and appropriate, it looked, at least in the eyes of its new possessor, very comfortable indeed. Once fairly settled, I had quite enough work to occupy my time. My practice, as I have said, was a growing one ; and, among other cases, I was retained in one of the many minor suits arising out of the famous dispute which had been pending for years, about the title to the Willoughby estates. The case was now supposed to h<nearing its close, which—it seemed almost certain—would prove unfavorable to the claimant, a young girl just out of her minority. The case rested entirely upon certain title deeds which had been abstracted ,according to the argument put forward on her behalf, by a solicitor's clerk, suborned by the opposing side. This had occurred many years ago. But the suit had still dragged its way along, and. no trace having been discovered either of the clerk or of the missing documents, the whole story had come to be regarded as a fabrication. So much so, indeed, that the prosecution of Miss Willoughby was regarded as being likely to follow an adverse decision. Work In connection with this and my other briefs kept me pretty busy during the day; and my evenings I usually spent at my club, returning to chambers almost invariably—for I am a very methodical man — at the sftroke of twelve, and going straight to bed. I mentioned this because the element of time is an important factor in the ensuing part of my story. It will be remembered that there were several heavy falls of show during the spring of IS—- In the streets outside the snow lay on the ground for weeks; but our small square was swept after <?very fall, and no snow was allowed to remain there, except what fell between <hisk and an early hour in the morning. This. also, it is impoi-tant to bear in mind- One night iu February there occurred the first of the mysterious events which have led me to the writing of this •narrative. I had entered the Inn, as usual,., a .few minutes before midnight, and had crossed the square, which was lightly carpeted w ith snow, noticing, as t did so. that mine were the first footprints to disturb its unbroken surface. The" night was then perfectly clear ajid fine. I climbed my three pairs of stairs, and, on entering my sitting-room, walked across the window and looked out. My eye was at once caught by a dark object lying in the snow, immediately beneath me, and a more careful examination showed thai it was the figure of a man. Now. I could have sworn thai, two minutes before, there had been nothing there: and. in addition to that fact, there was this extraordinary circumstance, enough, in itself, to impress me with a queer uncanny sensation. In spite of the height from which I was looking, I could distinctly see every feature of the man's face; and never has it been my lot to witness a more horrible expression of mingled terror, pain, and malignant triumph. The eyes were wide and staring, and caught a steely blue glare from the light of the inoon. The head was twisted backward and half rouud from the body, which lay on its side, with one arm bent m underneath it. And there were dark splashes upon the snow, where the bodymust have struck the stones. All this I took iu at a glance, and. as I have said, with a quite unnatural clearness of vision. Then I turned-and van downstairs at the -top of my speed, with die intention of rendering assistance. if that were not yet too late. But at the foot of the staircase T started back iu sudden amazement. There was nothing there Over the whole quadrangle the snow lay spotless and unbroken ; save for the single trade of my own footprints leading diagonally across the wuuure l'riiin the porter's lodge : Perplexed and troubled. I slowly reftscenderl the Stalls. pausing «.n "each landing to look down again a nd assure myself that, this time, 1 was not mistaken. And. on re-entering my own room, I could not resist tin- temptation t.n throw one last glance out into the square. The figure w;ts ihe>-,. still The white distorted face, with iis glassv \--yes; <twisted body: the splashes of blood dark against their pure white; .".•acts-round ! It was still all there ! Again I darted out on the .landing, and again rny eyes met only the unbroken surface* of the suoiv.^; Back once more into rny room, to find once more the same ghastly spectacle facing me when I looked down. I threw up the window, thinking that the whole thing might be on illusion produced by some flaw in the. glass. l;ut still it was there. Finally, in despair of solving the mystery, and thinking that T must be the victim of some strange hallucination, I closed the window, drew down my blinds to shut out the horror, and went to bed. Daylight, when I looked out next morning, showed bk only the. dark, clean-swept flags with which the quadrangle was paved, v A thaw had.set in. and the. whole scene was so changed that i%ou\d not jB&soctate; it in. rmy tiiiindr^vith my experience of then, night before. So thai, by the time I had breakfasted and smoked a pipe. 1 had pretty well persuaded myself thnt I must have dreamed it oil. and determined to kc-ep my own counsel. To tell the truth. 1 was just a little ashamed r « talk about what I had seen, being a professed disbeliever in the supernatural. and afraid of the ridicule winch 1 knew would follow any departure from my-often expressed convictions. There v.-a- no more snow, and no further appearance "f the spectral figure for several weeks afier this ; and in the press of business, ihe whole > affair passed almost entirely out of my recollection. Bur 1 wa* not to forget it so easily. Pome live or six weeks later, as I was walking homo from the club at my regular hour, the first big flakes of a heavy snowstorm brought it all buck to me. And by the time I reached Trafford's Inn. the ground was covered to the deptk of several inches. Breathlessly I hurried across the square and up to my rooms, knowing instinctively what I was going to see, yet hoping against hope that I might be mistaken. Hut I had guessed only too well. Therelay the outstreched figure, just as before, save that, there being no moon, the eyes were invisible. But I now observed this Strang? phenomenon. On the last occasion, there had been no snow falling. Now, the air was dense with flakes. But. wiiiile every prominent object, the branches of a small tree, the handle of a pump in the centre of the square, the lid of a covered sink hard by, bore its soft cushion of white, the body on the ground remained untouched by the falling flakes and still showed through 111 em—a solid, black mass. This time I hesitated no longer. Hurrying back to the lodge. I roused the porter—an old soldier, who had held the past for many years—rind bade him follow me. I made him stop on each landing, as I had done, and, pointing to the spot asked him whether he saw anything in the snow. "Why. no. sir. Nothing," was his rather puzzled answer. And I noticed that he looked hard and somewhat curiously at me. When, however, we were inside my room, and I once more put the question to him ; " Now, porter, can you see anything there? Or am I dreaming?" his manner suddenly changed. A light seemed to break upon him, and, bending eagerly out from the window, he took a longlook. rubbed his eyes, and then looked again. At last he turned and faced me. with the words : "No, sir. There is nothing there; not as I can see." But his face was as white as a sheet; his lips were trembling, and I knew that the man lied. He, too, saw r what I had d-oM. - Ka kni>Av what I did not know—something of the Apparition's hidden meaning. What this might be, however, he was either afraid or unwilling to tell me, and to my invitation that he would take something to drink, he.answered that he dared not leave his post at the lodge for longer than was absolutely necessary. So I gave up the idea of trying to get any information from him. and bade hiin "Good night" Next day I laid the whole story before my friend Jack Briant, a barrister slightly my senior in standing, and a greater sceptic. if that were possible, than ra\v self in all matters relating to the supernatural. As I expected, he was at first utterly incredulous. "Nonsense, my dear fellow!" was hi* comment when I had finished. " You must have been reading too hard, and got your eyes a bit out of order. And, as for old Martin"—Martin was the porter —"getting in o funk and shivering, I don't wonder, when you make him stand looking out of the window at 12 o'clock at night in a blinding snow- storm. I'll believe you when you can show me your ghost, and not till then." " Come up to-night," I said, "if it snows again between this and then, and I will show you my ghost, as you call it." "Right you tire." he replied. "Noth- ing I should like better. And we'll see if we can't knock the bottom out of this cock and bull story of yours. At twelve, you say, this gentleman is on view." "Twelve," I answered. " I shall expect you at twelve." There was snow on the ground again that evening when I made my way home, taking care to arrive about a quarter before midnight, so as not to keep Briant waiting. T was also anxious, if the truth must be told, to see for myself whether or not I should have anything to show him. There was a small entrance hall or passage between the "Oak" and the door of my sitting-room, and coming from this passage, which was pitch dark, into the comparative light of the larger room, I saw, to my astonishment, that someone had got in during my absence. Seated at a small table before the fire was tht- figure of a man, busily occupied iu writing. Every now and then lit would raise his head and glance round at the door, as though he expected to sea someone. But. as his eyes met mine, there was no recognition in them. He would stare straight at me for a moment. and then turn and begin feverishly to write again. A faint shaft of light from the window on the opposite side of the square fell on his face, and I could recognise, with "that abnormal clearness of vision which I htsd before remarked., the fac&tliat; had stared up at me, malignant and distorted with agony, from its snow-bed in the square below. Now, however, it bore an expression of eager anxiety, a terrified hunted look which was almost piteous to witness. For what seemed an age. though, of course, it could only have been a few minutes. I stood watching him in the doorway. fascinated, chained to the spot. Sheet after sheet of paper he covered and tossed aside, and. at last, just as a neighboring clock began to chime the first quarter of twelve, he dashed his pen down, sprang to his feet, and bundled all the papers together, looked fearfully over -his shoulder towards the door. Then he lifted up the window seat, which appeared to form''the lid of a large box or ottoman, and kneeling in front of it. seemed to be stowing the papers away at the bottom of it. This took some little time, and, when he stood upright again, the action of stooping so low had shaken his long greyish hair down over ; his foivhad. imparting to the thin face, with its deep-set eye? and prominent ; chrekbrmes wiid. haggard look, the lo-.ic of „,„„ p, fearful extremity. drawn, agonised, despairing. He faced me now. and was coming towards the door. : ^. Involuntarily I shrank a pace or two backward. But oh the threshold he {••topped suddenly-, craning forward, and seeming to listen intently, as though his ear had caught some sound on the stairs outside. For a moment he stood with one hand pressed to his forehead, then turned and rushed across to the window. Opening it. he looked out. but drew back shuddering. There -were steps on the staircase now; Briant had arrivc-d. And then the end came. Springing first on. to the window-seal and from thru out on the sill, the man drew himself to His full height, stood balanced for one second, and. with a final concentrated lock of terror and hatred, shot downwards into the dark. And, tVs he fell, the last leisurely stroke of midnight boomed out on the still night air. : Calling to Briant to wait a minute, I crossed to the window and looked out. Thc-ro lay the black, prostrate figure, just as I had always seen it. 51y next step was to open the window-seat aud bundle out all the contents of the box. a miscellMieous collection of odds, and ends and empty bottles. Of course, there were no papers Underneath them; but at one end of the bottom I found a small hole, into which I was able to put my finger, •and so raise the board. Between the floor and the bottom of the chest was a space of about throe inches, containing several folded parchments and some loose sheets of paper, all stained, mildewed. and smothered in dust. As 1 lifted out the first of the sheets a name in the endorsement caught my oyo— the name of Willoughby! "1 say, old mm,, nurry up. for goodness sak.-: .I'm freezing." came a voice from outside. Jt was Briant, whom 1 h;xd forgotten. so absorbed was I in the examination of the chest. 1 now made, haste to admit him. saying as T opened the door, "Jack. I believe I've found th missing Willoughby deeds." lie was obviously disappointed. "Oh." he said. "And what about the ghost! ] don't expect to bs put off with anything k.-s than the real authentic ghost, after turning- out at this unseemly hour on purpose to meet him. It wouldn't be fair, you know." "The 'ghost' is there," 1 said, "ft was through the 'ghost' that I discovered those things." And I pointed, first to the window, and iheji to the heap oi papers on my. tfcblo. ••Where?" asked Biinnt, peering out. ' There's nothing down there. What a fool you are. Fred." 1 joined him at the window, :.nd looked oui also. The figure- h;ul vanished! "Now, what have you got to say for yourself?" Jack went on, almost angrily, "You're satisfied at !:-st, I hope." But when I told him what I.had seen that night, and.showed him the very material result of my "vision." his tone changed, and he admitted that "there did seem something queer about it." "Mind you." he said. J don't believe, and 1 never shall believe, thai there eve: was any ghost iu the business." "But if there wasn't," I argued, "What could have made me think of looking in that box. Why, I never even knew that there was a box under that seat. How do you explain it?" Jack pondered. "Hang ii all man!" he said at last. "One can't explain everything. Then we lit the fire and our pipes, and settled down to an examination of the papers. The folded parchments were as I had guessed, the long missing title deeds of the Willoughby property. The loose sheets contained a long, rambling statement, almost illegible iu places, and breaking off into a thin, wavering line, where the writer had been interrupted made by the clerk who h:nl abstracted thr papers. J lis reason for tlie theft was, apparently, his resentment of :m unjust dismissal, and he had lied, whet pursued, to the chambers occupied !<y his master, who was then absent from town. Our peiusal of the papers lasted far into the night; and early n-.-xt moniin;- I called on Miss Willougliby's solicitors and handed over the documents to them. How, at their office, I met Bdith Willoughby, how our acquaintance ripened into friendship, and our friendship into love—these are matters which have no connection with my present story. Enough that I, as well as my wife, owe a heavy debt of gratitude to the Trafford's Inn ghost, who has brought us something worth more, as Jvdith puts it, than all the estates in the world. As for my spectral visitor, he never appeared again. His mission was apparently accomplished as soon as he had pointed out the hiding place of the deeds. I questioned the porter .-..gain, telling him that the mystery was solved, wdiereupon he admitted that he did remember tlicelerk's suicide one snowy night long ago, but knew nothing of its cause or its bearing on the Willoughby case. And for the rest—but no. I would rather not enter upon that. As Jack Briant says, one can't explain every thing.— "Gems." 