[?] I (From Our Late Editions of Yesterday.) : The Voyage Across. ' (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTERS ON BOARD THE MARIPOSA.) Tho.R.M.S Mariposa arrived in Sydney this evening with Butler, the man accused of the Bluo Mountain murdors, safo in the charge of Detectives Roche and M'Hattio and Constable Conrov. The appended article was written aboard the R.M.S. Mariposa on the trip from Auck land to Sydney by Arthur Gray, and sot in typo by A. Irvine, who were specially com missioned by the " Australian Star" to go to New Zealand and meet tho prisoner, Butler. ON BOARD THE MARIPOSA. Saturday, April 21. Early this morning Butler awoke, scem- iiigly happy from the visit ho had made to Auckland, whoro a score of newspaper men, membc-rs of -the New Zealand police, and tho regular passengers of the steamer called to see him. Roche and Conroy were in chargo of him when he awoke. Daylight was streaming in from his cabin window, and tho electric lights had been put out. Bntlor is NEVER LEFT IN DARKNESS. All through tho voyage he slept with a strong electric light burning in his cabin. Generally his face is turned toward the wall. His sleep has always scorned to be undisturbed, but ho is novor away from the watchful eyes of his keepers. , " How aro we this morning ?" ho said, looking at tho detectives. , " Out at sea," camo tho courteous an- j swer of tho New South Wales men. ; BUTLER CAN CLAIM NO FAULT j for the way his keepers are treating him- | They attend to all his wants,' and answer all his questions just as if he was tho mo3t noted gentleman. Then he strotohed and clanked the il l ' I SiA DM B0AP.D TH£ HAllP0S/A III I"":1' ' chains thtit bind' his rinltles to ,tho big ringbolt in the floor. He -places his hands behind, his head and is lost in meditation for a fow minutes. Then he foil into an- othersloep. When Butler awoke again -ho tool: some coffee and toast. He then picked up a copy of London " Truth " whicH was lying beside his bunk, and was soon lost in tho mysteries of Labouchoro's comments on tho British Parliament. Butler remained in silence for some tiino reading the pnper. When I entered his cabin he looked up from tho sheet nnd said a. surly "Good morning." Ho REFUSED A CIGAR, saying that he did not coro to smoke. Butler lias his moods. For hours ho wiU be tlib most pleasant man in all tho world, and will laugh and joke with those sitting around him in 1ub prison cell, but if nny- ' one says a word that ho does not like ho becomes, in a minute, not only surly but insulting. AJ1 questioning brought forth no an- . swer. He is in no mood to talk this morn ing, and so I turn to Conroy, and Conroy tells me all about his trip, to the Golden Gate, and what he thinks of San FrnneiBCo nnd its police arrangements. i B title1' always wears the same suit of I g,i;.,jrS?in-cd pyjamas. They are soiled a j bit, hut they are comfortablo. Around tho ankles of his grey stockings THE MANACLES HAVE RUBBED until thoy have loft a rusty hand. He wears, also, low slippers, nnd sleeps on a m.altrcss that is covered only by a blanket. As I looked at Butler lying ou his couch, I imagined what kind of a man ho would ap pear to ho if dressed in stylish clothes — " bell-toppor," patent leathers uud all that. He seems to posbpss all tho sauvity of a military person. Should ho appear on tho streets of Sydney to-day, unknown to his fellow man, ho might be taken for a capi talist. C'ortainly his VOICE WOULD NEVER CONDEMN him. Even if ho is charged -with tho worst of all crimes, ho speaks in toncsthat appeal at onco to thoso who are listening to him. When ho was interviewed in Auckland ho leaned back against a pillow and answered tho questious put to him in tho coolest, most matter-of-fact manner, just as a stockbroker would answer tho in quiries of his clerk. Butlor told tho story of, how he murdered A. T. O. Preston without flinching. Ho i first admitted it in tho City Prison, San Francisco, without being asked. Of course it is hard to believe any of his statements. | The detectives say that he makes an ad mission and denys it in tho next breath, j When ho was in Auckland yesterday ho denied that ho ever had any tiling to do with | Preston, but his statement of tho death o that young man is as follows: — " Wo, Preston and I, wont into tho Blue Hills and prospected for awhile in a locali ty I thought ought to produce something, and then moved to auother place. "Here wo had no better success, and Pr.eston "begun to grow' impatient,' I had found by this time THAT HE KNEW NOTHING whatever about prospecting, and when ho proposed to move further north I refused, because I know that there was no gold in that direotion, " ' ' " Then ho beeamo angry and said ho would leavo mo and go on his own hook. " I was perfectly satisfied, for ho was no use to mo, but I was angry, too, at the way ho talked and told liim that ho had de ceived me about his qualifications aB a miner. " Wo parted that night to seafoli in dif ferent directions for gold, and wore to CAMP TOGETHER AT NIGHT for the last time. When wo camo togotlior again at dusk ho was ugly and wanted to ; know why .£ had brought him to a place : whoro there was no gold. I told him to go back if he did not liko it and ho grew ; furious. I " One word led to another, .and then lio I reached for his gun. My.riflo was stand ing close at hand and I grabbed it nnd FIRED HASTILY AT HIM. "Tho bullet - struck liiin in the nose and wont through his head and ho fell dead. "I was very .much frightened at the re sult of tho quarrel, for though I know that I was justified I had ho_ witnesses to provo my innocence of murder. ' "I concluded that the best thing to do was to hido tlio body and leavo tho country, which I did, digging a liolo tho next morn ing and placing it in tho position that it was found, " As God is my witness I fired in self- defence. ajud would not have done so had ho not tried to draw Ins gun ou me. Up to neon to-day llutler remained in tho most morose and sullen condition imagin- nhlc. Ho refused to seo nn3'ono, and wnn- ; ted to be left- alone. Tho detectives, al- j ways willing to grant liis requests, made no effort to force any visitors on him, and politely refused to let anyone enter his cabin. The luncheon for tho prisoner was brought to him on a tray when tho gong sounded the noon hour, and the passengers began to assemble in the dining hall. It consisted of cold moat and buttered toast, apple pio, au oruletto) and Bomo ten. Do- tectivo M'Hattio took Chargo of tho meal its it ivas brought in. Ho took a knife nnd fork nud cut tho meat into small slices so that Butler could easily oat them WITH HIS FINGERS. Detective M'Hattio also poured nnd sweetened tho tea, and thon tho food was handed to tho prisoner. Butlor was not allowed either a knife or fork. All tho food that is given to him, lio must eat with his fingers. Ho takes this sort of punishment coolly, but ho docs not care to liavu n-nyono around him while lie is eating. During the first two days out from San Francisco ho refused to oat anything, but siuco then ho has dined hoartily and evi dently relishes the oxtonsivo menu tlmt lie has to select from. When lie had finished luncheon and handed M'Hattio his teacup, the detcctlvo remarked, " Will yoti liavo some rnoro !" No," replied tho prisoner as ho stretch ed himself out on his bunk, and began to pornse tho farm news in an Australian weekly. AVhilo the Mariposa was at Auckland Butlor posed for several nowspnp'er artists who called to sketoli him. T-lie pose was anything but graceful. Tho prisoner sat in his bunk leaning back against a pillow with his hands folded on his lap, and his legs crossed so as to hido tho chains that bind him, as much as possible. " p'iic away," lio said to an artist, and HE TURNED HIS HEAD so that the man with tlio pencil could get a good look at him — a look that was squaro in tho face. I started at the unexpoctod head. Tho artist's pencil scratched furiously. Butler looked from one to tho other of tlio l'acos before him. Ho smiled foolishly and talked about lawyers, lie said. " somo lawyers made a good thing out of tho Deau case, and I guess they'll make a good thing ou of tho llutler ease." The light from tho little cabin window foil upon liis head which is really nobly cast, full of resolution and intelligence, admirably proportioned at the buck and well set over a poivorful throat. Tlio lmir grows well over it, too, neither too high nor too low ou tlio broiv where it hus been cut straight across IN A BOYISH FASHION that gives tho only youthful lino that can ho determined in his countenance.. He has said ho was thirty-seven. 1-Ie looks fifty, and a pretty well worn fifty at that. All tho lines of liis lino head seem to sink by perceptible degrees beneath that lino of straight cut hair. Tho brow ex presses that intelligence which, is more than half cunning, It is deeply furrowed twieo between tlio eyes, and above them, heavy waving lines cut across frbm.tomplo to temple ending in tho scar caused by tlio attempt that. ho macks to SEVER TIIE ARTERY that would lot liim bleed to death. Tho eyes aro very small, deeply recessed and of the light cold bright grey of load. The check bone3 aro high and prominent, far above tho arch of the frontal bono. "When Butler is reading anything, or when his mind is turned from the charges .which keep him chained to tho floor of his cabin, ho appears to bo very quiet and un assuming. It is only when people talk to him about tho murders in tho mountains that ha twists his moustache nervously and his eyes sparklo and wander from face to face, and he looks as if something heavy was PREYING ON HIS MIND. gSomotimos unthinkingly he drops into a meditative silence, from which ho starts with a sudden liitlo jerk and asks for reading matter. This is supplied to him by tlio detectives. Magazines and weekly publications aro his hobby. Ho cares more for them than tho daily papera or illus trated periodicals. Two staterooms, Nos. 31 and 32, were set apart for tlia usa of the Now South Wales, detectives and their prisoner. No. 31 is the sleeping room of tlio officers, and No. 32 the prison. They are situated on tho starboard side of the ship in the alleyway leading from the dining hall to the bar- bur's shop. Butler's cabin was bereft of every un necessary pioco of furniture. Both bunks, the wnshstnnd, looking-glass, clothes' hooks, in fact everything oxcept the seat were removed, and tlio FLOOR MADE AS BARE as possible. A bunk qyas built on tho floor, and a ringbolt placed just outside, near, tho wall, und socurod to tho deck. To this the prisoner is chained. Tho chains fit snugly to tho ankles by means of large sized handcuffs. About two feet of ordinary sized chain run from the ankles to tho ring in tho floor. Thus tho prisoner is not cramped, and can WALTC A FEW PACES in his cabin if he feels so incliuoil: It is seldom that lio stands up, and does not care to. tako any deck exorcise, which lie would ho allowed to do if handcuffed to two of tlio detectives. it was originally intended to take But ler down into tho steerage, as the detee-. tivc-s thought ho would bo more privato in that part of tho ship. This idea was abandoned lioivover, as Captain Hay ward, master of the Mariposa, said that Butlor would bo in proximity to tlio sailors and others, and would have too many opportu nities of getting ussistnnco. . Outsido his cabin is a big sign. It rends "as follows : — " No admittance. People will not be ad mitted to this cabin unless by permission of Mr. John Roche." This notice is signed by Captain Hay- ward. - " ' . Up to 5 o'clock to-day Bntlor continuod in tho same mood, not caring, to talk to tho pressmen aboard tho Btcamer; Ho said; " You follows tried to get at me yesterday, but you didn't succeed. Now, I will say no more." Two gontlemon called on him in the afternoon,- nud -he- talked- with .thorn, an, general subjects. To-day ho has boon in the UGLIEST OF MOODS, und when Butler is in tlmt condition it is bast not to lull: with him, for lie bocotnos abusivo and ineulting. That is tho opinion of the detectives, and they have been with him long enough to know. Sunday, April 25. Last night I sat up with Doteetivo Roclio and Constable Cuuroy while thoy kept their weary vigil over tlio sleeping form of But ler. It was not as interesting an under taking as one might expect. Silence and tho rolling of tho steamer wero the only' things that marked tlio hours, save for. tlio lioayy breathing of Butlor, and his occa- 1 sionul turning and twisting, whicli caused tho .chains that manacle his legs to clank louder tliau ever. | Wo talked in a whisper so as not to dis- turb liim, but never in the whole of our conversation did tho j EAGLE EYES OF ROOHE AND I CONROY ' I leave that sleeping form; Everymovo and every twitch caused thom to look closer and closor; to poor at the prisoner as if ex pecting him to jump at any moment. I liavo seen many prisoners of as great no- I toriety as Butler watohed, but I nevor saw one guarded nB closoly ns he is. It matters not whether lie is awako or asleep the eyes of. tlio Now South Wales detectives aro al ways on liiiu. Thoy have performed their duty in tho most careful, systematic, and honest manner, and for that tlio peoplu of Australia owe them' 'a dcop debt of grati tude. Butler asieCp is rtot' auy more imposing than Butler awako. " .Apparently ho is a very light sioopor, and of ten the dotectives think that ho, is : | NOT BLEEDING AT ALL, merely feigning; 'When hp docs dropoff he breathes heavy and regular, and thon the sign cannot bo mistakdu. Frequently , in Iris sloop ho will: clench his lists and start suddenly, just' as. if some bnd drcaiu had startled himjahd then lio will aw, -ikon and change his position ami drop off again. " Wo lmvo had no troublo with him siuco tho second day out," Bnid Mr. ltochc in a whisper. " During tho first two days of tho voyage ho refused to cat nuythiug. Ho did it bccnuso it Wus tlio first time that ho had been placed in our chargo and ho wanted to s hoiv his brnvndo. ' Ho spoko to us in the most insulting manner, and rofused to do what wo requested of him, so I told him that if ho failed to' oli'oy I would BUT HIM IN; A STRAIGHT JACKET. Ifo only smiled, so I told him very severely that .1 . meant business, and when he saw that I did he became very much liko a lamb. " On tho second day ho was protty sick. I was afraid that iyo wore going to havo troublo with him, aud wo did everything iu our power to bring him about. Ho finally agreed to tako Bomo' whiskey, and I put some houoy in it. It revived' him and lio felt bettor On tho third morning he ac cepted some tea and toast, and since thon he has oaten his meals regularly. 1-Ie likes IN fiif CTap-s liis cup of tea about- G o'clock in tlio morn ing, und after that -lie lias his breakfast. Luuclioim 'is served to him about noon, and dinner at tlio regular hour. " I inspect, persouuUy, all food that is brought to liim, and I guard the tin pluto and pnunildn from which ho eats. All our meals- aro brought to us, and we eat thorn WHILE \YE ARE WATCHING him. So yo'u see ive do not allow him out of our sight for a moment. Ever since ho was placed in our cliiit-ge lio has had two of : us sitting l'igiit hero alt tlio time. "There was an immense crowd at tho San Francisco wharf when wo sailed. Tho people expected that Butler would be brought aboard "itllofit ' O p.m., birt vie bad liim safo in lii3 cabin fully- two hours ear- j lior. Ho was in tho charge of tho United j States Marshal, Mr. Barry Baldwin, until wo wero at sea. Then our duties began. . "You will see liow enroful wo wore to have the cabin stripped bf all furniture. .Even tho electric light, whioh is placed iu ' tho middlo of tho coiling, was romoved, j and a spccinl light put in the corner far- | thost from Butlor, so that he could not j roach it by any nicaun. AYo keop tho light burning brightly all flight, and HAVE A LANTERN BURNING also in the hallway just otitsido his door, to bo luindy in case the electric light should go out. AVhon wo arrive in Sydney wo will dross Butlor in a suit of ordinary clothes. Every precaution will be taken tip to tlie very last to laud him in Sydney safely. "I want to say that tho arrost in San Francisco was carried ont in the most satis factory manner. AYe were given all tho assistance possible bv. Mr. Crowley, tho Chief of Bolice, Captain Lees, Chief of Do- tuctivcs, and Mnrslial Baldwin. AVe went out to meet the Swanhildu in a United States rovenuo cutter. It eras rathor dark and our boat had no lights. AYo camo upon tho SAVANHILDA FROM BEHIND, and Butler did not seo us, as he was protty I well forward stunning by the anchor I chains, lie came aft when called lor modi- | cal muster, aud was taken complutoly by . surprise. | " Before he had a clianee to make any . escape, or do any damage, Buuner had him I covered. Butlor ivas not unpropared, how ever. Ho had HIS PISTOL READY and would liavo made sorious troublo if ho had entertained any idea that lie was go ing to lie arrested," Butlor admits this liimsolf. Ho says that the T'aupo incident was somothiug of 1 a surpriso to him. but that he could not ' really understand what liad happened. Captain Eraser treated him rather coolly after tho Tnupo had loft, and that made liim suspect that somothiug had happened i which ho should have known. Ho ivas tho sailor who came aft. and, leaning over tho side of tho Swauhildn, asked the Taupo's crow "What tho tlioy wanted t" | During ono of liis conversations with the 1 detoctives Butler said: — "If I liad, known this was coming I ; would liavo | SUNK THE SHIP, I and then where would yon havo boen." As id.e Mariposa nuars tho Australian coast it is evident that Butlor begins to fuel Jus fate more keenly. Ho has changod : from the pleasant mild-mannered man to j the surly brute. To-day ho is in no better mood than lio j was yesterday. Ho tool: his breakfast in silenco,. and then asked for a paper and | spent tho greater part of tho morning reading. "When in Snn Francisco Marshal Bald win had Butlor removed from tho City Prison to tho County Gaol, because it was considered a safer place, owing to the fact that hundreds of people were calling to seo him and ninny rumours had been circulat ed that ho would try to get one 6f tho.aany visitors to bring him something by whioh he could end his life. The change wa3 made only in THE NICK OF TIME, for when tlio chief gaoler searched Butler's oflocts ho found that the prisoner liad boen up to somo crafty work, i Among his belongings Butlor' carried a ; cigar-box in which wero a quantity of clump cigars and a lot of tobacco. At the bottom of tlio box, carefully concealed by : the tobacco and cigars, was found a largo pieco of sharp glass, with which the pris- , oner could easily havo endod his lifo. j He smiled grimly as tho glass fell to tho floor; TOicb -ir.ade-'r.o- nuwu-ei" -whan-' -Mkod j -wliat he intended to do with it. I The glass was apparently brokon from a SMALL AV1IJSKEY BOTTLE, nnd ono edge was curled lip showing that', it was that part of tho bottle where tlio nock fits to the shoulder. The lower part of tlio glass was broken so as to form a gradual bevel terminating in an odgo like a knife. It ivas sharp enough to have cut wood. On tho upper part also was a beveled odgo that could have been used with deadly effect. Of course the prisoner would not toll where he got'thoglass., This afternoon Butler ivas in a more pleasant mood than usual. He chatted in the most pleasant manner on all subjects', and referred to his detention in tho Sau Francisco prison with a smile playing 'con tinually on lii3 face, "I think Captain Loes tried to got tho best of mo, but lie couldn't," said Butloras ho leaned back iu liiB bunk tiud puffed away at a cigar. "Ho called mo before liim on three difforont occasions and ho was unable to GET ANYTHING OUT OF- ME. Ho said to me, ' Bntlor, remember I am your friond/ aud thon ho askod mo to tell liim my name and ago and all that, but I only answered, ' I will not tell you ft word.' " The reporters in San Franoisco Boomed Journalistic . gNTEfrPRlSET to' run the town.— Thoy wero allowed tho greatest- liberties in tlio prison, and they used to coine and ivako n.o up at all hours of tho day and night, oven as late as 2 and 3 o'clock in the morning. " They would say, ' Butlor come here, I waut to talk to you.' 1 would tell them to go away that I did not cure to say anything to thorn, but the-; would persist and begged me to say anything as they must have something. Then, just to get them away, I would toll them some ghost story, und when daylight camo tho. papers would be full of me." "That was very funny about the woman who claimed to be your wife," I said. " I didn't seo anything funny about it," returned the prisoner as ho stoopod over arid knocked the ashes from his cigar by hitting it against the ringbolt in tho floor. " She was only a crank. California 16 FULL OF CRANKS. Sho was somo woman who wanted to seo licr name iu print, that ivas-ali. Sho was not satisfied with failing to identify mo as her better half, while I was ill tho cell, but she had me dragged beforo tho Chief of l'oliee sosho could deny it again. " She Was not a bnd looking woman, ex cept for the fact that she was slightly cross-eyed. I guess sho must liavo been between 25 and 30 years old. Sho said that her husband was slightly taller than I wns. j " 1 would liko to got Captain Pet rio of ; the Olivebank, and Captain Eraser of tho | Swanhildu, in Sydney to act as witnesses j for m«. Two better sea captains never , lived. I I "I want to say that I never sailed in a j better ship thr.ii the Swanhilda. J'hcro . was - i . NOT A MURMUR ' ' | j on tho vholo voyage. AYe novor knew j j what trouble was, | | " I think I would mako a good theatrical ' j attraction in Sydney. Tho papers ought | to bo very thankful to mo for all tlio good | ueiVB 1 liavo given them. 1 think tho I | ' Star', ought to send me throe good meals a day while I am iu Sydney, aud not soo I mo exist on prison fare. | ',' I guoss yoff have found mo a good sub- ! joct, oh 1-" and ho laughs merrily. So mor- ! rily, in fact, that ono marvels iioiv ho can I do it. j Butlor had a good word for his guar- : dians. " Thoy havo j . TREATED ME HANDSOME, and I want to thank tliein," wore his words. About 2 o'clock this afternoon Constnbloi Conroy, at tho request of tlio press repre sentatives, made a statement of his experi ences with Butlor, aud of the effort that tho prisoner nindo to have hiin on a prospect ing tour. Constnhlo Conroy said : "The first tiino that I oversaw Butler was in tho Imperial Arcade, iu Cnstle- l'oagh-strcet. That was ON SEPTEMBER 10. I had an introduction to him from a friend. The nature of oiu- first conversation ivas to this effect : lio wanted me to go prospect ing with him at Albnry. I told him that I was liot just ready ior anything of that kind, and we parted. . "I mot him on the following AVednes \- .HO)N. B.UTL£BJ WAST PRvPVl FQIpL I '0n BOA RQ Tl-'sfe hAR,|' po ' ' I dak, I. think. On- the following Friday I met him iu George-street. Boforo that meoting I had partly made up my mine to go, but in. tho meantime somo business camo up, and I found that I was UNABLE TO GO AAV AY. I told Butler so on that day, saying that I couldn't go. ' "Butlor answered me, saying 'now that yon can't go, I will take a trip to tho Blue Mountains.' I mot him when lie came, back from this trip, about a fortnight later. . i " Ho said that ho liad gone to Cnlcairn, -whoro ho had . DISCOArERED A MINE. Somoono had offered him -E3000 for. tho property, but bo wanted 213000 for it. " On- tho day after, that conversation I mot him again. He produced a telegram, and made the remark tlmt 'some bloke had given him 2JGOOO for his mine.' "'You'd havo got half of that if you had como along,' lie said also, ' remombor, . always treat a man as ho -ought to be.' ','Ho disappeared again for another fortnight. During that time, I think, lie wont to the Braidwood district with an- other man named M'lvor. Hsnhd 'M'Ivor had a row, aud tho latter left him. I saw him al ter that again, but I DID NOT CARE TO SPEAK to him. It was in-tlio Botanical Gardens, I but I kept shy of him. I thought ho was I not worth talking to. Thon I lost him al- I together. I I " 1 joined tho Sydney police on Novem- I ' her 23, tho very day Butler sailed from I I Newcastle in the Swanhilda. A fow days , I after that Detective Roclio came to mo and I showed mo a photo. I '"Do you know this man ?' he aBked, I " I answered that it was a I PICTURE OF FRANK HARA700D. I Mr. Roclio thon told 1110 what ho knew of I liim, and 1 told liim of my experience. I I | have been working on the case ever since. I j " AVhon I saw Butler on the, Swanhilda I i at Sail Francisco, I recognised him in- I stantiy. My eyc3 had not ' I RESTED ON 1IIM A MINUTE . ' I beforo I knew that lio was tho man for I whom wo were looking. I "AVo nriivod us Araucouver ou January I 5, and took tho train to San Francisco, ar- fl riviug there on the Hth. Then we began I tho wateli at Meigg's wharf. AVo watched I for tliu Sivauhikks, in a little cabooso of a I place from which wo I DID NOT MOVE . I for tlireo weeks and four days. It wns a I vory small place, not much larger than this I cabin, with a storey ou top. I ' Wo slept on this top floor 011 mats with I rugs over lis, and. seldom undressed. A I fortnight after our arrival Rocho joined us. I " Ou tlio morniuc of February 2, when I tho Swanhilda was sighted, I I 'WAS ON AVATCH, I and the moment I got tho signal I gave tho I alarm. I "Everybody wns ready in a moment's time, and with the quarantine officer, Uui- I ted States Marshal and tho San Francisco I police, we got aboard the reveuuo cutter I Hartley and made for tho incoming ship. I " Tlio first man to go up tho Sivanliilda'3 I ladder was tho doctor. Ho.-wns followed I by Detectives Engun and Silvey, and Ser- . I genut Bunucr. Avhen Captain Fnuser saw I our boat coming I10 1 SENT BUTLER FORWARD' I so Hint lie could not seo us approach. I "AVlien tho medical officer called tho B men for muster, Captain Frasor walked B down in front of the sailors. The officers B followed him. As soon as he roaehod But- B ler lie said, . . H 'BLACK HAT.' Eagan seized Butler by grasping him H around the waist and arms. Bunnor puta H revolver to his nose, and ordored him to hold up his bauds. " Alter this the handcuffs were placed on him by Detective Eagan and Constablo H Ferguson. Then Bunnor eallod out to mo. I hoarded with my disguise on, and tho moment I cast a glnnea at Butler H I KNEAV HIM. I Tlmro could bo no mistake. H " I went up to Butler and asked him if H .lie knew me. He replied 'No.' Then I10 H was taken iqto tho cabin, and tlierel pulled fl off my false whiskors and asked him again B if I10 remcmborcd mo. Hi "Ho saw then that he knew me right B enough, and Bnid, 'Yes, you und I once B wanted to transact - B SOME MINING BUSINESS, H but wo couldn't come to terms.' B " Ho was brought ashore in tho Hart-ley. B AYo lowered liim from tho Swanhilda with - B a rope tied around liis waist and arms. B This ivas done to secure liim if he tried to 1 jump into tho water. AVo then took him B TO THE HARBOUR POLICE STATION, H nnd wnited there for tho patrol waggon, B which took him to the. City Prison. B " Then wo searched liis bunk and found H nil -the evidence, Cnptain AVellor's watch . nnd the mauy things whioh tho papers H have mentioned. AVhon ho wns first ar H rested 'ho H CLAIMED THAT HE AVAS INNOCENT, nnd kept saying ' AVlint is this all about ' H and M don't know anything about it j In® B Captain AVollor.' B "Messrs. Cormno andYDonohoe, our boh- H citors in San F.cnnciaoo, did everything » B their power, nua worked liko beavers to scours Butler's extradition. Tlioy have our thanks in many ways, and I dosire to express them through tho press." Uliroughout tho afternoon Butler re mained in tho samo pleasant stato. All thiough tlie voyage ho has beoa enter tained by the members of tho Flying Jor- dans' Company, who liavo sung for him and amused liim while hours in his cell were long and droary. Some of tho mombera of the oompany offered to entertain him to-, day, but tho prisoner declined the offer with thanks, saying that ho did not-feol very well, -and could not appreciate their kindness. , ; Night' came and with tho darkness Butlor stretched hhnsolf.out to sleep. He wns just a bit uneasy during the first few hours, but finally sank away nnd slumbered liko a child. , And Still the detectives watched him in the same unflinching manner. , ' Monday, April 26. Butler's eyes opened with the dawn. He sat hp in his bunlt, 'said good morning to his guardians, and then remninedinsilonco until the steward brought his tea and tonst, which he ate in the most DOLCE FAR NIENTE MANNER. A t»r that ho smokod a pipo whieh Detec tive M'Hnttio, filled for hi'm, and chatted about American newspapers, beautiful har- boui'B, and all manner of things. The steward brought a big bucket of , water for : HIS MORNING ABLUTIONS, and 'ho stood up in hi3 cabin, bared his, anus, and -washed liimseif lustily. I'm not going to bo Butler any more after to-day, boys," lie said in the mo3t eh eery .voice, castiug a glance at tho re porters -"'This is my Inst day as Butler. To-morrow I'm John Smith. When they bring me before tho court and say, ' What is your name ?' I'll answer John Smith, ago 20, birthplace Sydney." - Ho laughed again. Ilis Own words pleased liim. IIo laughed outright, and turned to look appreciatively towards De tective Roclie,- wlio was just about to hand liim 'a towel. i For the first time since our departure from Auckland Butler consented to bo in terviewed. Ho set tlio time for an hour before noon, and in the prosonco of tho de tectives told a story of (lis, doings in Aus tralia'. -With the greatest euro ho EVADED ' ALL' ANSWERS that related to tho deaths of Captain Wol- lor and A. T. 0. Preston. Wlionevor any qucstion-was put to him that referred to the charges against him lio nievoly smiled and replied, " I can't toll you that." Butler is not a fool by nny moans. Ho is very keen nud'shrowd. Ho can turn the most pointed question into a joko, and 'lio never says a word that will jctqiardiso him in tho slightest way. Wliilo being inter viewed he assumed'his favourite position in his bunk, and twisted his moustache almost i iccssantly. 1,'eforo being questioned ho said : " I will Env nothing at nil about tho trial. But you wait until I got tho ' MAN WAIO DID THE SHOOTING." After this remark ho waited for a qttos- 1 ion, and when asked- when ho first camo to Australia said -. — " I arrived at Fremnutlo iu the ship IJlildia, from Maryborough, Laueashiro, iu ISlll. We wore going from Fromautla to Newcastle, and worei trying to mako tho run without a tug. Wo got a good breer.u and cleared tho harbour, but \vlion' abreast of Rottnest Island, and woro trying to clear a small reef, tho wind died out and a swell CARRIED US ON THE REEF. I was paid off at Fremnntle, and remained tlicru for soven months. "When I came- to Sydnoy first — well, never mind tho date — £ shipped during a strike in a vessel which relieved tho steam er Rob Roy. I forget tho 11:11110 of tho ves sel that I was in. This vessel arrived at Fromantle- iu Juno, 1S92t After giving the captain notice I was paid off. I went STRAIGHT TO THE GOLDFIELDS where I was moro or less fortunate. I was ill from fever in Conlgardio, and so re turned to Fremautlc, whoro I had u good time and spent nil my money. " f loft Fremnutlo and went 'to Nor thern by train. At Nortbnm I was idling around, and I mot a' man who told mo tlint A he wanted to buy some horses. Isawthreo horses in a paddock near by. I pointed them out to tho man, and told him that they were mine, and that I was willing to dip pnse of them. Now it happened that there horses BELONGED TO THE POLICE, but that was not my fault. Tho man picked out one and gavo me JMO for it, and I gavo him a recoipt, ' signing tho name Richnrd Ashe. " Of course tho man came to collect liis horse but could not get it. I took to tho bush, wliero for twolvo days black-trackers were on my trail. Finally I wnB 'bniled up ' and arrested by Corporal Geo, and PLACED IN FREMANTLE GAOLr I was charged with horse stealing, and j asked them to change tho charge to 'horse dealing.' At anyrate I wns convicted of obtaining money by fnlso pretences, and wan placed iu gaol. " Now lot ns go back to tho first trip to TAKES A TUR.N OIN'DECI,. , Fremautle. I was in the police force there, but only as ' probationary.' , The .wages were threepence per day, so I quit. I w.a's also a member of the police force in Staf fordshire, England, but that was before -I entered tlio army." : "How many aliases have you?" " That I do not know. I. had a different name for every ship I sailed in." "Why?" "It is a common thing for sailors to change their names." " Were you at sea long ?" "I was aq apprentice since I wns a hoy, Latterly I wont to sea merely to got from ONE PLACE TO ANOTHER. When I arrived at Newcastle in tlio Olive- bank I had a row with Captain retrio because he would not discharge hie. I threatened to throw him overboard and break liis head. Ho-lind we arrested. I wns bound over to keep the peace, could got no surety nnd went to gaol in Maitlund. Aftor being released I went back to the goldiiolds, and tlicro I had any amount of . ; T\€T N\AMPOSA COWING- UP TM£ -'HARBOI . 1 adventures, killing some blaoks . that were outlaws. " . "In Western Australia I' went for -four years under the name of RICHARD ASHE. I was known as Hnrwbod for about a year." " How did' you get Hafwood's certifi- 1 I cater" . ' " I refuse to answer. I am nn experi enced miner, and hold a miner's certifi cate." " Ifyou avo (in experienced minor why did you go to look for gold at Glen brook ?" " I thought tlioi'o was gold there. There is gold at Lithgow, and there should- be gold at Glonbrook. " I will toll you how the gold escort was stuck up. No I- won't. It might impli cate the police. ' Yates I met at Gilliam's. Ho ADVERTISED FOR A MATE to go prospecting. Wo went to Grafton and rodo'twolvo miles on horses to Yugil- bav. I found the Jeal was only a hoax, and returned to Sydney. I never saw MOM- JOSEPH VuK6"rtrtA„ UiNU'eD SATS JU vcfi fr W Franc lise?, WHO- HfAttvp faC_£VvT&£0!TlO!fl GAS«=- Yates again.' . He was a good follow, but I no miner. : Then I started advertising for I mates on my own account." " Why did you do that P" "Well, I , was not' exactly. a stranger in Sydney, I knew plenty of people, but none whb were miners." ' "Then why did you go with Leo Wellor?" Butler remained silent at this point. Then he wandered away to Cairo, and told how ho stayed At Sheppard's hotel there. Ho was willing to toll , about voyages, and experiences In many lauds, but about tlio New South -Wales murdurt lie remained perfectly silent. : j Tuesday, April 27. Between 5 and 8 o'clock la3t night But ler wns in a very bad temper. Ho was more disagreeable than ever boforo on tho voyage, but when eight 'bells sounded he stretched himself but apparently for sleep. Ho did not lie,. as was; his custom .with his faca towards the wall, . but in a position so that ho could sec what was going on. For many hours- he lay awake with his eyes closed, Every few minutes lie would open them and stare severely at the detec tives. Conroy seemed to attract them moro than nny, of tho others. Ho told Conroy on tlio trip tliac lie (Conroy) was the ONLY THORN IN HIS SIDE and that he despised bim. Two detectives were in tlio room all night, and tho third, who was sleeping in the room opposito, had not disrobed, nnd had a rope fastened to liis arm, by which lio could bo awakened easily in caso of troublo. Butler was very nervous. Ho sat up and looked about bim two or tlireo times. At about 2 a.m. he full into a light sloop. This morning he ate vory little break fast. Ho asked for his pipu repeatedly,- but Roclio refused to give it to him, fenr- ing that lie might do some damage to him self. At 10 o'clock lio was dressod in a dark suit, and prepared for his trip ashore. All his guardians watched and assisted him. Ono manaclo waB removed while ho drew his trousers over ono leg. and then it was made fast nnd the other released. Butler gavo no trouble whatever. It is noon and everything is in readiness lo tako tho prisoner on New South Wales ground. Wo are qiily waiting for a sight of that big bluff, whoro the looli-out man will bo peering for us through the mighty telescope. Butlor looks calm and subdued. He said that ho sous that ho can get no chance t< commit etiicide on the stenuier, and hasdi cidod to wait until he is ashore. 1 cannot close this nrtielu without add in a paragraph of. praise for tho three men men sent out from Now South Wnlos to bring Butler bnck loSydneyEafo and alive. Detective Roche, Dotoetivo M'llattio and Constable Conroy liavo performed thoir duty in a way that should endear them to the people whom tlioy served. They have proved themselves to bo HONEST, TRUSTWORTHY AND CAPABLE ofilcors, willing to face any dangor or on- duro nny hardship in order that tlio ends of justice might be gained. For weeks in I San Frnncisco tlioy woro exposed to a severo winter awaiting the arrival of the ship that bore tho man wlio prides himself on being tlie greatest criminal of the cen tury. Thoy fought TUE STUBBORN APPEALS of tlie lawyers who tried to gut Butlor free: they warned tho American polico that lie was a unngerous man and needed close watching; they took charge of him ubonrd tlio Mariposa, and for 2b long days nnd nights t hc'y have v.-atehed over and guarded liim with so much caro that ho has not been able to make THE SLIGHTEST MOVE that tlioy could not record. They hnvo never left him ulouu for ovon'tho space of a. breath. They liavo hardly been away from tho door of his cabin. Dotoctivcs Roclio and M'Hattio aro old and experi enced officers, and liavo already won the confidonco of the people. Constable Con roy is only 20 yours oid, and was appointed to the force but two days before being de tailed on tho Butler case. Since ho was sent away ho lias conductod himself with tho shrewdness and good judgment of nn oxporicnced officer, and richly deserves tho promotion ho will surely got. If duty counts for anything iu this world, then Detectives Eoulio ami M'llat tio aud Constable Conroy will reap tho full ness of its reward. Arthur Gray. THE - SWANH IL DA SAILS, The British barque Swnnliilda, in which Butler sailed under the nmno of Leo Wol- lor lrom San FranuiBco, left the hitter city on April 3, tlie day of tho departure of tho R.M.S. Mariposa; ior Queeustown. Ai'tor discharging her load of coal she went to Port Uoata, California, whoro tlie loudud wheat. Butlor had a iinul look at tho Swanliildu as she sailed out of tho bay. On the Mariposa entering the Heads she was slowed down to allow of tlie AVater Police lnunch coming along side. . There were also awaiting her a special launch chartered by tne "Aus tralian Star" and the launch for the mails. The full report of the voyage across, al toady set In type by tho "Star" com positors, and which had been written up by the special reporter of tlio "Star" aboard the Mariposa, was safely trans ferred to the "Star" launch, which quickly steamed up to tlie Circular Quay, where a special conveyance In waiting drove rapidly to the "Star" of fice, and had the matter iniemdlately put In shape for printing olV an extra ordinary Issue of extra size. 