SHIPPING ITEMS. MAIL STEAMJMES. The R.M.S. Orotavn, hence to London, is duo at Melbourne this morning1. The E.M.S. Himalaya loft Melbourne yester day for Sydnoy, in continuation of her voyage from London, and is expected to arrive to morrow morning, when she will anchor in Athol Bight. Passengers and luggago will bo landed by steam tondor. The R.M.S. Massilia, Sydnoy to London, will resume hor voyage from Adolaido to-day — ./\n vnnniTvf. nf iiiiim'nnlmiin.l mn.ils. Tho mails by tho R.M.S. Orrauz, which left Sydney July lf/tli, artived at London August 22nd. ' They wore duo on August 25th. REMOVALS. Tho ship Brilliant was, yesterday, towod from the Sunlight Oil Mills, Johnnton's Bay, to tho stream. Tho ste.wncrSTanpis, having completed re pairs, left Mort's Dock yesterday and berthed at the M. M. Company's wharf, East Circular Quay. Tho ship Star of Franco will bo taken to ' Pyrmont wharf this morning1, to complete loading for San Francisco. Tho ship Spoke, a?ter cleaning and painting, will bo floated oub of Moct's Dock this morn ing'. Tho steamer Archer was taken to M'ovt's Slip for an overhaul. Tho barque Lalla, '''iookh will bo towed to Mort's Dock for rep.-.'.s. LATEST CHAPTERS., Almora, bq, Newcastle to West Coast — Coal. Jane Burrill, sh, Newcastlo to Manila — Coal. Invernmrk, bq, Nowcr.stlo to Manila — Ooal. Candida, bq, Livorpool to Adolaido— General. Adelaide, bqtnc, Newcastle bo the Clarence — Coal ; thence to Greymouth — Hardwood. Elizabeth Price, sch, Kaipara to Sydney — Timber. THE BAFQUENTINE ADELAIDE. The bs-rquenttno Adelaiiia has been chairfcered to load coal at Newcastle foe Clarence Iiiver. She wHl then load hardwood for Greymouth. FOR THE WEST COAST. The barque Almora, to arrive at Newcastlo from Tp.ble Bay, has been fixed to loud coal for the West Coast. FOIS THE SOUTH SEA ISLANDS. The Union Company's steamer Ovalau is an nounced to sail at 9 p,m. to-day for Fiji, Samoa .and Tonga, carrying passengers and cargo. SHIPPING SALE. The 5ron barque Raglan Castle, 1030 tons register, built at Liverpool in 1876, and owned by Mr. J. G. Evans, Liverpool, has been sold to foreigners for -£3000. SOTiAP IRON FROM BRISBANE. The schooner Lady Franklin reached this povt yesterday from Brisbane with 220 Lons scrap iron. Her passage occupied 19 days. .Mr. R. C. Ghost, agent. NEW CHARTERS. Mr. John Williams reports having been ad vised, by the latest mail, of the following charters : — Candida, barque, Liverpool to Ade laide ; Loch Trool, barque, London to Mel bourne. RE- INSURANCES. On tho Ciuignair, from Newcastle 10th May, for Madras, five guineas per cent, has been paid. She is an iron barque of 601 tons register, built at Port Glasgow in 1875 by Messrs. R. Duncan and Co., and owned by Messrs. J. and J. Rao and Co., Liverpool. BONEDUST FOR SYDNEY. The schooner Monarch arrived yesterday after a pass.-ge of 33 days from Bowen. She brought 3000 bass bonedust and is consigned to Mr. R. T. Gibson. On arrival sho berthed at Russell's wharf. After dischcrga she .goes to Newcastle to load coal for Bunrlaberg ; thence to Rockhampton to load scrap iron for Sydney. 'THE ABERDEEN WHITE STAR LINE. Messrs. Dakoty and Co., Ltd., have received ;a cable advising them that the stej.mor Dam ascus, from Syclnby June 25th and Albany July 8th, arrived at London on Saturday, 21st inst. The steamer Thermopylto will be despatched by this firm for London, via Capetown and Natal, on Friday next, 27th inst., at 3 p.m. THE LORD RIPON. The four-masted barque Lord Ripon. which left Sydney on May 10th, arrived at London on the 23rd inst. Her cargo included 3052 bales wool, 3241 casks tallow, 2000 cases meats, 53,910 horns, 14,594 bags ce, 4442 bags and 229 tons copra, 1366 casks cocoanut oil, 3516 hides, and numerous other large lines. Messrs .A. McArthur and Co., agents. COAL FOR MANILA. The ship Jane Burrill, now on her way to Melbourne from New York, and the barque Invermark, at present a,t Mauritius, have been chartered to load coal at Newcastle for Manila. The four-masted barque Glenfinlas is expec ted to leave Sydney to-morrow night, in tow, for Newcastle, where she will load West Walls end coal for Manila. Messrs. G. S. Yuill and Co., Ltd., agents. NEW ZEALAND. The schooner Elizabeth Price, now at Wellinc-ton, will proceed to Kaipara to load timber for Sydney. After discharge here she ?will probably go on to tho Clarence River to load hardwood back to New Zealand. The scow Whangaroa arrived at Lyttelton August 17th, from Wellington^ to undergo repairs consequent on her grounding on enter ing Foxton. A short time ago it was announced from England that tho New Zealand Shipping Co. intended inviting tenders for new steamers for the direct trade. By the arrival of the Wtu mate, from London, we learn that the new vessels are to be twin-screw steamers, aver aging about 12 knots, and while providing less cargo space than tho Rakaia, Waimate and Mataura, will have more extended passen ger accommodation. Tenders were being handed in by several shipbuilding firms when the Waimate left London. Mr. J. H. Williams, of Auckland, has re ceived a cable message stating that his now steamer Duchess arrived at Aden from Port Said on Tuesday, August 10th, and sailed for tween tho two ports is expected to occupy about 12 days. From her performance the steamer is evidently keeping up an average spsed of 10 knots on a daily consumption of seven tons coal, which is better than the owner anticipated. Mr. Williams expects that the Duchess will bo in Wellington earlier than originally planned. The brigantino M A Dovan arrived at the 'Bluff yesterday, from the Clarence River. The barque Northern' JChiof left Kaipara, .yesterday, with a cargo of kauri for Sydney. NEWCASTLE. Tho four-masted barque Kate Thomas loft Fromantlo on tho 16th instant for Newcastlo, to load Co-operative coal for San Francisco. Messrs. Gibbs Bright and Co., agents. Tho steamer Sevorus, after taking on board 1400 tons of bunker coal, loft Newcastlo yes torday, for London, via, tho Straits of Magol lan. Messrs. Mcllwraith, McEcharn and Co, agents. Tho barque Invcrgarry sailod from Now castlo yesterday, with 2291 tons Hetton coal for San Francisco. Messrs. C. F. Stokes aud Co., agents. Tho barquontine Handa Isle, with 350 tons coal, loft Newcastlo yesterday for Kaipara. Messrs. Earp Gillam and Co., agents. The steamer Barrier took 1220 tons coal from Noweastlo- yesterday for Townsville. Messrs. G. S. Yuill and Co., Ltd., agents. Tho cargo of 3991 tons of West Wallsend coal, which was despatched by the Lyderhorn on Monday for Manila, is tho largest shipment that has ever left Nowcastlo by sailing vessel for the port named. Tho frbarquo Bessfield, bound from Algoa Bay to Newcastlo, passed Jervis Bay at noon yesterday, in tow, and should arrive at the coal port this morning1. The steamer Agapanthus comploted loading last night, and will, it is expected, leave New castle, for Bombay, via Sydney, this morning. She takes a cargo of 5C04. tons of Wickham and Bullock Island coal, aud 500 tons of Pacific bunker. Another 500 tons of bunker coal will bo taken in at Sydney. Tho strike of wheelers at tho Burwood Colliery having been satisfactorily settled, operations wore resumed yesterday at the pit. The wheelers go back on tbo old terms and, with tho miners, have given an assurance that their late actions will not be ropeated in the fiiimre. The management are, howover, pro secuting certain of the strikers for ceasing work without giving notice. BRITISH AND FOREIGN. Tho four-masted barque Louden Hill, from Port Pirie May 1st, arrived at London on Monday. The barque Dunard arrived at London August 2'rd from Hobart. The Tyser steamer Star of New Zealand has arrived at London from New Zealand. The barque Cambrian Warrior left Liver pool, and the ship Loch Lomond has left Glasgow, for Melbourne. The A. A. steamer Port Stephens left Barry on the 23rd inst. for Port Pirie. The ship Invercargill sailed from Glasgow, and tho ship Waitangi left London, for Wel lington and Lyttelton respectively. The barque Lilla arrived at Java July 18, from Frotnantle, after a remarkably quick passage of 17 clays. Tho bwque Lurline, from Hamolin (W.A.), May 22nd, arrived at Natal July 19th. The four-masted barque Principality, which left Newcastle on May 21th, arrived at Panama on July 19th — after a very fant run of 56 days. The ship Phasis arrived at Sourabaya July 16th, after a record passage of 27 days from Newcastlo. Tho slop Industrie, from Port Pirie April 8th, arrived at Hamburg July 19th. The America, barque, arrived at Valparaiso on July 19th, after a passage of 60 days from Newcastle. PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. We have received from Messr3. Burns, Philp and Co., Ltd., as representatives of the British-India and Queensland Agency Com pany, Ltd., Brisbane, a copy of the tenth edition of their ' Handbook of Information' for 1S97-98. This work, like its predecessors, is brimful of useful information for those who stay at home as well as for those who travel. It contains a complete description of ' Five thousand miles on the Australian coast,' together with all details in connection with the services of the Australasian United Steam Navigation Company, Ltd., the Queensland JRogal Mail Line, and the British-India Sterun Navigation Company, Ltd., as well as tho Australasian Tariffs, Postal, Money Order aud Telegraphic information of the colonies. Tho illustrations, which are quite up-to-date, in clude representations of the principal cities in the whole of the colonies. As a means for obtaining1 information, and as a book of refer ence the work is invaluable. From Messrs. Burn3,iPhilp and Co., Ltd., we have also received a 'Handbook of information for passengers and shippers by the steamers of the Nippon Yusen Kaisha, (Japanese Mail Line), which contains a full account of all matters connected with this service; as well as 'General information for Travellers', 'Tables of Distances,' &c;,, &c.; This book is present ed in very attractive_ form, and in the matter of printing1 and binding quite a novelty. FROM LIVERPOOL. The barquo Candida will load general carjo at Liverpool for Adelaide. THE S.S. URMSTON GRANGE. Messrs. Gibbs, Bright and Co, will dispatch the steamship Urmston Grange, of Houldor Bros', line, this morning, for London and Liverpool, via La Plata, with the following cargo, shipped at this port : — 159 bales wool, 8 bales skins, 199 bales 20 bags gluepieces, 27 bales leather, '183 hides, 2160 prs and 61 bags horns, 5 bales hair, 6 pkgs sinews, 19 bags beeswax, 36 bags gum, 10 cases pearlshell and 19 packages. At Queensland porlis tho loaded 576 bales wool, 515 casks tallow, 15-1G hides 22,676 pieces bocf, 4640 cases meats, 104 casos tongues, '142 crates tongues, tails and kidneys, and 18 packages. This vessel is expected to take her doparture this morning. TIMBER FOR SYDNEY. Tho schooner Elizabeth Price will load a cargo of kauri at Kaipara for Sydney. SHIPBUILDING RETURNS. Tho shipbuilding returns compiled by 'Lloyd's Rogistor' show that there were launched in the first half of tho present year 310 merchant stoamors, of 476,375 tons, and 24 sailing ships, of 20,704 tons gross, or a total of 334 vessels, of 497,079 tons gross, against 301 steamers, of 524,937 tons, and 29 sailers, of 20,793 tons, or a total of 330 vessels, of 545,735 tons, in the corresponding period of last year. Launches of warships are not given in thoso rotuvns. Tho total tonnage, including warships, under construction on tho 30th June in private yards was 1,085,036 tons, against 1,031,746 tons at tho end of December, and 970,677 tons on 30 June, 1S96. CASUALTIES. During a heavy fog on Saturday, the steamer Hawke's Bay, when proceeding down towards Port Phillip Heads, came into collision with tho ketch J. C. Taylor, carrying away tho latter's main gaff, and doing some minor damage about tho deck. The ketch conse quently put back for repairs. While the Lady Franklin was sailing up tho harbour yesterday, a squall caught her and she was driven dangerously close to Goat Island. Sho let go her anchor, which held till she was towed to safe place. THE S, S. AUSTRALIAN. The E. and A. steamer Australian left yes terday ovoning for Melbourne, in continuation ? of her voyage from Hongkong and Japan. Messrs. Gibbs, Bright and Co., agents. GOLD ORE FROM WEST AUSTRALIA. Messrs. Henderson and Macgeorge, Ltd., have sent forward the following shipments of gold ore from Fremantle : — Ex steamer Gabo, .95 tons for Wallaroo ; per Barcoo, steamer, 10 tons for Melbourne ; per Hindustan, 176£ tons for Adelaide and 41 tons for Wallaroo. 