J The Re-union of the Churches. , At the Lambeth Conference, one of the commit tes which reported, examined tho problem of church unity, and on the question of a possible re union between the Angiioaa Communion and other Christian Bodies, other than the Eastern and Roman churches, re-aioptod tho basis agreed upon at the Conference of 1888 as that on which approach may be made to Homo re-union. Namely — racog- nition of the Holy Scriptures as containing all things neaessary to salvation and as being the ruin and ultimate standard of faith j acknowledgment of the Apostles' Creed, as the baptismal symbol, nnd of tho Nicene Creed as tho sufficient statement, of the Christian faith : accoDfcanoo of th« tan Rn„„. monfcs ordained by Christ Himself, and ministered with unfailing use of Christ's words of institution | ond of the elements ordained by Him; tho historic episcopate looally adapted in the methods of its administration to the needs of tho nations and peoples called of God into tho nnity of His ohuroh. The committee went on to show why it could not do more than reaffirm these positions as a basis for conference! that it believed that the church had been entrusted with a part : of tho catholic . and apostolio inheritance ! bequeathed by tho Lord and held the trust for millions who speak tli# languago of England in every land, and that thie Ohuroh of England posseBsed as it were. a power of combining antago nistic substances, Tho oommitteo was unwilling to surrender tho clomonts of the peculiar strength and attraotivenesi of tho Anglloau svstom— its quiet adherence to truth, ft» abstinence from need less innovation, its backbono of historical con tinuity. Y«fc the o'jmmlttee saw on tho olouded sky some tokons of tho coming dawn, in tho accoptabteness it was believed to other oommuniona of tho first three bases for conforence named abova. Tho historic opiscopato it was confessed raised grave difficulties, but it was hoped, having refore onoe to what, was being conBidored in Scotland in connection with orders, that even thoso difficulties were romovablc. The Committee saw in tho Divine purposo of unity on authority for ooutinued working for it, and in the conditions of the ohuroh and spiritual woild on encouragement to work. It is oonctudud that the oircumstHnoes of Christendom are rapidly producing a condition which is antagonists to separation. Suoh as— larger and moro liberal views of the interpretation of Scripture , movoinentB which correct and enlarge men's knowledge of primitive ohuroh history - tho over throw o^ metaphysical systems which dopraro nnd discolour the ntkrlbutes of God; belief in and lovo of the living, ascended Christ, giving oarnestuoas and beauty to Christian worship , thought oriticnl, ethioal, roathotlo— thoso things are bringing abont tho condition in whioh union will bo as nutnral as disunion has boon for soma oonturieB, And then tho roport goos on iu thoso words t ' In this r« newed spirit of unity wo trnst that our beloved Ohuroh will linvo a full share. Wo Bpoafe iiu brothers to theso Christian brothers who aro sopnra tiid from us. Wo can nseuro them that wo fail not in love aad rospeot for t.hem. -Wo asknowledgo with a full lieorb tbu fruits of the Holy Ghost produoed by their lives and labours. We remomborthe foot, so glorious for them, that in evil days they kept up tho standard at otioe of family virtue, and of life hidden with (Jhriat in God. . Wo can novor forgot cmc lessoiiB or nounuss ana iove novo boon written on uudying pages by members of tholr communions, I and that tho Hps of many of their tooohors have boon touched with heavenly firo. Wo duelro to Icriow them bottar— to join with them in works of charity. Wo'nro more than willing to provontnood loss collisions or unwise duplication of labour. Wo know that many among them aro praying lilco many of ourselvoa that tho timo may bo near for the fulfil inant of tho Master's prayer that 'thoy all may bo, ono/. . Suroly in tho uoaeen world there is a pulsa tion of joy among tho redeemed ; sorao mysterious word has gone forth among them that Christ's army Btill on earth, long broken into fragments by blttur (liKHunnl-niB, ia stlrrod'by a divine impulso to regain i lio loving brotherhood of tho Church's youth, May wo labour on in tho deathless liopo that, wlilj.) in tbo past unity without truth hns been dostruo tlvo, and truth without unity feeblo, now in our day truth and nnity oombluod may bs stfong enough to Btibdue tho world to ChriMb; and. the Musn of tho Church's hlBtory may no lougorbe b'ntp but lovo, May Ho grant us (in Bishop Joromy Taylor's words) 'united prlnoiplo*, raoonallod hearts, and an oxtornnl communion in his own good soasou.' Time ripdtm, thought softens, lovo has a tendor subtlety of interpretation. Controversy in the past has bean too muoh tho gravo of .Charity. , Wl- have muoh tn oonfess and nob allttlo to learn,'! Finally tlio Oommitteo going farther than tho I point raaohoiJ at tho Conforonco of ton years nifo, reaommonded tho authorities of tho various \- branahos of tlio Anglican communion not only (o hold thomsulven in readiness for brotherly aonforonai) with mombars of othor c- niuiunions, but themselves to originate i,uoh conforencoB and especially ar rango for representative mootlogs for unitod humiliation and 'intercession. Wo should add that tho rnporb Btatos that tho mind of tho Conference as a whole is oxproaoud only in tho Encyclical Lottur nnd in tho Rusolti tions on whioh It is foundod, Turning to thorn, wo fltid in the Lotfor tho following roforonco to Home ronninn i ' Wo roaouimond that Com mittees of Blnhona lin nnnnlntnd ovnrvwlmrn f.n wntob for nnd originate 'opportunitloo of unitod prayer aud mutual conforonco botwoon representa tives of different. Christian Bodioo, nnd to givo aounaol whoro oounsol may bo askod : thoso Com mittees to report to tho next Lnmhoth O.wferoaoo what has been accomplished in this mattor.' 