COMMANDANT STIRLING. Baily's Magazine. We had a rare good time in the summer of '78. A squadron of the 200th was quartered in a very pleasant, drowsy, old-fashioned country town, and I was in command as senior captain. We had a very good lot of fellows in our detach- ment, who got on well together and were able to get a deal of amusement out of the place where they found themselves, without finding it necessary to dash up to the metropolis and scatter their money in its rather expensive delights. I think we enjoyed the cricket more than anything else. There were some very fair clubs scattered about the country, with each of whom we did battle, and.it was seldom that we suf- fered defeat, for though our squadron eleven had rather a tail, we had two men who had played for Eton, and a trumpeter with a very good idea of bowl- ing, and they were generally enough to pull us through any difficulties. Two or three of the people in the neighbour- hood had cricket grounds in their parks, and many summer days we spent playing with village teams, generally ending with a cold dinner and a dance. Ooe of onr Eton champions was Frank. Helyar; and, take himallroond, he was a moat credible representative of the old regiment. He was. riot only an athlete and a professor in all games and trials -of strength and skill bat he was a keen soldier, well np in military litera ture and poBsessuiga practicalknowledge of his profession which promised to. make him a dtitingntihed man, if he ever . had . an opportunity of showing what he -was worth. He was not a great! .society man, and thongh be conld make -himself pleasant enough when he liked, bqfaad the credit of being rather Bhy and reserved, at any rale with ladies. — -Lot me recall — J-r x-uiiexfen Park. TLlie squire and bis wife were very cheery people, who delighted in hospitality and always gathered a lot of folk from tbe country side to look on whenever we played on their very ex cellent ground. We had done a deal of leather-banting all the morning, for the I yonng Pollexfens were good cricketers | themselves, and always imported a lot ' of talent to strengthen the hoara eleven. < It was onr turn now, however, and we j were having onr revenge. Helyar had j gone to the wickets first,- and had played a good innings for fifty. Trompeter Evans and a tall, active shoeing smith bad got their eyes in and were playing a brilliant, if not a very safe, game. I was. going in next, .and was sitting in the -tent- with my pads on ready for action, when I saw Mrs. Pollexfen tak ing Helyar, rather I thought against hti will, arid introducing him to a lady who' had just arrived. .'Yon need not look so sulky, Master Frank,' I thought. ' That's jnst one of the nicest-looking women Pve seen for a long time and ! Fd willingly take her off yonr hands if I was not going in.' She was indeed charmiDg, and thongh everything she wore was quietness itself, there was a look of what I may . vulgarly call quality abont her that was nnmistakablr. Tall and rather dark, she had no pretensions to classical beauty, bnt her large, rather melancholy eyes and the slight blush that rose in her checks when the big dragoon was introduced to her made her look more- like one of Sir 'Joshna's idealised picturgB than the', ordinary women that one was -in tbe habit of kneeling. ' My observations were soon cat .'."short, CraBh went, the shoeing smith's wickets. 'Flushed -with success, fie had reached out ' a' bit ' incautiously -with, a fatal result, and I had to take his place. I remember I bad a great triumph that atternooD, fori carried ont my . bat, and- we finished with another/ .victory to the soldiers. " To my astonish ment when I returned to the tcnt, ! saw -'Helyar still in earliest conversation with the'qaiet looking lady, sumach absorbed -tiiat he didSnot seem to cire whether the-match had. been woo or. nqt.>" ' ' Who'ls that lady' yon Ve beien talking to all tile afternoon f I asked Helvat as we were changing our flannels before dinner. !'! 'Ob, she's a Mrs. Moore, and die eesms to be living very qtdetiy near here, tibe never goes not, hat the Pollexfens -persuaded her for onra to' .come to See the cricket te-Hay, arid eho in going to dine with them to-night.' - . . \- . Yon matt introduce me to;hor some time inj. the evening), if yob jhave a chance.' 'Well, Fm going totahe herin to dinner. ! Xerhapiifter wards— ' , . ; Helyar eramed dtiporied to keep his. wionrinamtehce|gi hunBrilfand, modi aaI adml Miri.'Mooi«!ldid riot-wishctq mterfere.rritii the pleasrire ofhis eyentng.lf ?oFripra|Saa YduriS someone wbqse societyhe lited. . , V"-X oeed riot lorlt wriqldoplypeBJtoJiori wood's -road bdwran /ripr. 'batoBVriad;, the, » - ft. ' - supposed she was, pretty " often, and 1 had no donbt that he had fallen a victim to her attractions. I conld only In wardly sympathise with bis good taste. Helyar wonld not take any shooting leave, so I managed to have a doable allowance. When I returned to duty -I went to look np my friend in hti -quar ters and to find ont what had been going oo daring my absence. Helyar had h moBt doleful exprestioDjand hardly raised the ghost of a smile in greeting. . 'What on earth's the matter, old fellow 1 I hope there's nothing very wrong.' ' Ob, I'm not very chirpy to day, and Fve jnst had rather a blow. I'll tell yoo all aboot it some day. A little sympathy however makes a man open his -month abont his griefs, and before I left him Helyar nnbosomed himself. ' Yon remember Mrs. Moore, wham we met at the Pollexfens. last July. Yon | don't require telling that I saw as mnch of her as I conld after that. I sever met anyone like her in my life. Since you have been on leave. I have taken every chance of being hear her, and yesterday 1 went to the Park where I knew - ehe wonld be, agd - made np -my mind that I wonld ask her to marry me. I thick she had some inkling of what I wanted to say - to her and she kept ont of my way the whole afternoon, bnt I managed tche alone with her at last-. . I told her how mnch I admired and loved her, and asked her if she conld not give -me some affection in re- "tnrn. My dear Travers, she was more lovable than ever and she almost confessed that aha liked me, bnt she ranght -herself np and raid it- was impossible. Wonld yon believe it t She has a husband living, and I found out afterwards that he muBt be an awfnl brute, for he seems to have neglected her and then deserted her altogether, and if it were not for her good coasin9, tne jronextena, sue wouia oe almost in absolute want. She won't divorce the fellow, and I believe that even now she wonld take him back from a sense of dnty if he would behave himself, thongh she can't pretend to have mnch affection for him still left. IPs all very miserable, and I don't know what to do with my self. I can't see her again, and I don't feel that I have the heart to lead onr old life.' I did my best to sympathise with and console my comrade, hat I don't think I had mnch success. After a man haB had a disappointment in love he generally feels pretty tick of his usnal life and longs instinctively for change of Bceoe, change of condition and above all, for some excitement which shall take him ont of himself. He is in a sense desperate, so a strong spice of danger comes to him as a welcome element in the immediate fotnre. Life seems for a time to be little worth having, and he is ripe for any enterprises in which he may possibly lose it honour ably. . To a Boldier in such circumstances the chance of active service comes as a godsend, thongh it is not often that the military authorities are bo accommodat ing as to provide for gentlemen with lacerated affections, opportunities of re- Jj eying their-feolingo in Jciiliog ; killed. Helvar. """ fnrfamafy tnVMMf, . !Bm Zulu war was threatening, aod special service officers were required for duty io South Africa. The 200th had a good reputation, and was ordered to supply a captain, and Helyar was the fortunate man selected. The Adjutant-General was a special friend of mine, and I, too, was asked if I would like to go to the seat of war. Of coarse I jumped at the offer and I don't suppose any soldier left England to fight against Cetewayo who was more in tnoe with the occupa tion than Helyar. We had little time afforded as for preparatioD, and ten days later ,w9 fonod ourselves on board a ' Donald Carrie,' steaming onf-of Dart mouth. When we arrived at Capetown the first actions of the campaign had been fought and Lord Chelmsford had suffered disastrous defeat and loss at Iaandhlwane. People ran hardly realise the utterly demoralised state of the whole of British South Africa at that time. The colony of Natal had been etrnck moat heavily. ' Many relatives of its best known inhab- ' itaots had been in the field in the ranks of the various local corps, and many families were plunged in grief ; and be tides tbe private sorrows, public appre hension crashed all spirit, for a raid across the frontier by a Zulu army flash ed with victory was daily - apprehended. The only man who kept hti head and maintained his conrage unimpaired was the rioble-mioded High Commissioner, Sir Battle Frere, who, undismayed by defeat— muhaken by threateniogs of calamity — prepared calmly to repairthe losses of the one and to guard . against the occurrence of the other. Every available officer -and man was hurried into the field to join one or other nf the forces that were covering the frontier of the colony and were eagerly looking for ward to the arrival of those reinforce ments which wonld enable them to reacune their forward movement against the .Zulu power. Helyar and .1 were sent on at oriesi from Capetown to Natal and a week afterwards, were despatched to-si frontier to wo, -where small column -of men and stores was being prepared, which was to iriake its way to join the little army now gallantly defying the Lest efforts of the enemy and making constant daring inenreions into his country. We each .managed to pick Dp a coople of homes and" a pack pony, and woefully were we disappointed at . the class of animal from which par choice bed to be made.. We had alwaya pictured to ouiselvea the .Cape horses as etout-bnilt, hardy brutes with ' a strong dash -of Eastern - blood in their veins, and; ! when ws were presented to very indifferent, ill-grown animals, bred in the colony from' commenplaceiEngltib blood-wexraliBed how mnch had been iost by the -drain of horiBBfleBh from South Africa dnrliig the jniliah Mutiny and the foolihyjitefo lirieffing tince phoned -th the colony - : . ' We'amvedatth'B frohfer'to wn; only two days befqre onr colncin wos to start 1md;werekt biu» to take:! UidAqlilch 3i£| lieeii -Boreijrtryiog !'«pot Ye t»pw ,OTicWy!!TOM' !jdte!riMtir-dflib'' i3ifitmB'-!iii ' wnr.'- was cnt under srong escort; every suspicions native was arrested and made to give an account of - himself, and arrangements were made for sending all spare rattle and horses to -a place of security in case of ao attack.. The anxiety and rare told bow severe a lesson had been tanght by the fatal sur prise at Isandblwana. Oar calamn was to be under the command of Major Turner — a man who bad served in Africa for Bdme years and knew the country' and natives as well as any European then in the field. Qnaint and distinctly unconventional it was when it paraded. A company of British infantry which bod been on detachment in Foodoland, sunburnt and bearded, with very mnch patched clutbes and a total absence of polish snd pipeclay, presented an appearance very different from that of the spruce Tommy Atkins at Alderehot ; a few Mounted Infantry who had been employed near the Dia mond Fields, In weather-beaten red jackets and cordnroy breeches, with bandoliers foil of cartridges slang over their shoulders, on lean horses, whose condition told of long and weary marches; an improvised battery of two gone manned fay garrison artillery and provid ed with some fairly good unbroken males -which mnch resented the loads to be carried and by their vagaries were a never-ending source of tronble and ex citement ; last of . all, abont fifty of a colonial monnted corps, which called themselves Stirling's Horse. They had been raised principally in the Transvaal by their leader, Commandant Stirling, and were tbe mo9t equivocal lot of riff raff that were ever dignified by the name of soldiers. In wide Dopper hats that gave them the air of stage brigands, they were men of many races aind countries — English, Dutch, Germans, Italians, who had drifted to the wilds of the earth in search of fortane. Must of them had a past iota which it would nave been injudicious to piy too cnrionBly snd their chief characteristics at present were an abnegation of any thing like discipline, unless it was enforced with a strong hand, and a tendency to drink upon every occasion when drink could be pro cured by book or crook. With all their many and obvious shortcomings, how ever, these fellows had no lack of pluck and were full of campaigning hardiness and resource, at any rate when they were ao far from civilisation that ihey had no temptation to break out in tbe dissipation which they loved. Their commander's acquaintance we 8000 made. The best we could eay of him at first sight was that he was just the man to be at the head of the rough Jot whom he had gathered together. He had evideotly been in the position of a gentleman at one time for, when he was on his good behaviour, his manner and address were good enough for any thing ; but he bad lived so long on the borderland of civilisation that he had assumed much of the tooe of hti associ ates and be gave ns the impression of betog a man who wonld not stick at a trifle to carry out his ends. According to hti own account of himself, be had tried most phrases ofcolooial life, cattle t-roiina. zJoxrh&nt; bnotlcff. mining and transport riding. He most )to«A kosn -In wnrjr -mwlw JoJjttxrl/- soldiering and bad certainly been moved to do eo more from the necessity of pro curing his daily bread than from patriot ism or a thirst for glory. There was also a romour that, if any territory was taken from the enemy, it would be allotted in farms to colooists who assisted England in arms, so he may have thought that he had an off-chance of providing himself with a landed estate as an ulti mate reward for hie services. Of middle height and slightly built, he had, con cealed somewhere, euormius physical strength and inexhaustible endurance. He never seemed to feel privation or fatigue and be had that magnetic power which is really possessed by eo few men of quelling aoy resistance to his authority by nis eye alone, tits men usea ab solutely to tremble before him and not even the runghest of them dared to ques tion hti orders, or fail to carry them out. Withal, he was a very amusing com panion, and to new comers in tbe colony like ourselves he was of essential service in pntiiog as np to ail the expedients of life in the Veldt and the manners and customs of its human and animal in habitants. Oar column's start was made in the early morning. We had twelve waggons nnder onr care, laden with supplies for the troops already iu the field, each drawn by spina of fourteen oxen aod ruled by a Datch or H->ttentot driver, with a subordinate, or Vorlooper, whose duty it was to guide the leading oxen of the span and generally to assist iu rectifying anything that went wrong with tbe gear. As the drivers cracked their long whips and flanked their animals with their stinging lashes, it was easily seen how little popularity England enjoyed with the men from the lately annexed Transvaal, for the worst brnto in the span wsb generally yelled at as 'Verdommte Eoglishmann I' aod came in for the heaviest chastisement. Troth to tell, marching with ox traos- port is about the -most exasperating form of military movement possible and no one can realise its various irritations unless they have been experienced, particularly when yon have not the com plete goodwill of - the 'drives. Oxen will not remain under the.yoke for more than a few hoars at a time, so hours of marching mast be arranged to soit their convenience. They - stray when they are grazing qrftlse, if they ran manage it, they perversaly.fiud and eat a 'poison- ons herb; which nerionsly disagrees with them and sometimes kills them. Drivers aod Vorioopers " desert, yoke ' ekeys and trek tows break and altogeeriffiere Is no .end to the aggravation, ftflll; these things have to ba accepted philosophically, however, and, in the glorionB African climate, .marchjlng over an open veldt, carpeted -with aweetraented wild flowers,' lit the buoyant health and spirits which come from a life untrammeled by the arts and . costoms -of -civilisation, most -people wUl fihd, as I did, that their first taste of African campaigning is far from, being altogether -unpleasant. - Of coarse, in marphing are took every possible mititerypreranUOD. Thejbitter lesson tanght at Jrandhlwana had borne ample fitit hy tiidiiling . cantiou into everyone, ; jbrMkead .lidhn our flanks were acatteredfcittxdla Cf Stirling's Hone andhfrmhi Mmrr.'while the waggons inlnHh ? W »" -if- . ' -t- 1\fk i.-.. '- -ftv lry Everyone was ready to fell at once into a formation of defence throngh the day »nd at night the waggons were regularly parked in laager with ontlying pioqnete and sentries constantly on the alert. ( To be concluded next week.) 