Till MiiJUET. TRANSLATED FROM THE FEENCH OP GUT DK MALTASSANT.) " I caii support great misfortunes with equanimity," said Loon Bridelle, an old bachelor, reputed sceptical. " When a soldier on the battle-field I stepped ovor corpses without emotion. The cruelties of nature or of men inipire horror and indignation, but thev-do not give that contraction of the heart—that shudder which we feel at the sight of certain small but touching incidents. What anguish equals that of a mother when her child is taken from her—that of a man when death bereaves him of his mother? Their torment is violent ; it rends and overwhelms, but they recover from those catastrophes as from deep, bleeding wounds. Whereas certain meetings, certain things, half- seen but understood, certain secret sorrows and misfortunes awaken in us a world of painful thoughts, which abruptly push ajar the mysterious door of moral suffering—suffering which is compli cated, incurable, deeper because of its seeming mildness, more painful because of its impalpability, tenacious in its unreality, leaving in the soul a shade of sadness, a drop of bitterness, a sensation of disenchant ment, which wo are long in casting off. Memory constantly recalls to me two or three things which others assuredly would not have remarked, but which penetrated ine like sharp, incurable stings. You will not, perhaps understand that I yet remember anil euffer from impressions BO quickly conveyed. I will speak to you of but one ; it is of long ago, but as vivid as if of yeBterday. I am now CO years old ; then 1 was young and studying to be a lawyer. Somewhat sad and dreamy of temperament, imbued with a melancholy philosophy, I had no taste for noisy bar-rooms, brawling companions or coarse women. I was an early riser, and one of my greatest pleasures was to walk alone, about 6 o'clock in the morning, in the nursery garden of the Luxembourg. Oh, that garden! It seemed to have been forgotten by a previous century, and was as lovely as the soft smile of an aged woman. Thick hedges unceasingly trimmed to prim precision by the gardener's shears, separated its narrow, regular paths, ami here and there were parterres of bright, blooming ilowers, boarders of shrub* as exactly ranged as a band of eollegiaus out for a walk, lines of magnificent roses or regiments of fruit trees. A whole corner of this delightful grove was inhabited by bees. Their straw houses, skilfully arranged on planks, opened to the eun doors as large as a thimble, and all along the paths one met their buzzing, golden tenants, sole owners of that peaceful spot and its long, tranquil walks. I went there almost every morning and read, seated on a bench. Often I would let my book fall upon my knees to dream, to listen to the sounds around me, and enjoy the infinite repose of that garden of a by-gone day. Very soon I perceived that I was not its only early frequenter, for I often met, face to face, a strange, little old man. lie wore shoes with i-i!ver buckles, a long snuff-brown cu.it, a lace frill instead of a cravat, ami a remarkable gray hat, wide- 1)rimmed and furry, that made one tit ink of the deluge. lie was thin, very thin, angular, smiling of aspect, but with swift facial contortions. His keen eyes were constantly agitated by a convulsive movement of the eyelids, and he always carried a superb goldheaded cane. The old fellow astonished mo at first, then I began to grow greatly interested in him. I looked for his coming, and followed him from afar, stopping at the turnings lest lie flLould perceive me. One morning, believing himself r.lnne, he began a series of singular i:i'>vi-ments. First, a few light liquid*, then a low bow. Next, he cut with his frail legs quite a uprightly caper, and then he began -..< iurit briskly round and round, skipping, frisking, in such a droll way, and smiling as if to an audi* ivn-i', Then he curved his atme, f.-Mimiiig graceful postures, twisting Li- -light puppet's body, and saluting -pace with innumerable gestures c: < i:ce affecting and ridiculous. He wan (lancing. 1 stood looking at him, so surprised at iiis curious actions, that I began to aoi;bt the man's sanity. Hut suddenly, he stopped; advanced as actors do upon the stage, bowed *nd retreated with smiles and cumeiiy kisses, that he threw, with ms trembling hand, to two rowa i t[.-.>- before him, then with the utnwi.-t gravity, he continued his promt nude. From that day I observed iiiin attentively, and each day lie recommenced his strange performance. I experienced a great desire to i-peak to him, and, after having bowed, I risked saying : " We are having an exceptionally fine day." He returned my salutation. " Yes, sir; the weather is quite tvhat we used to have.'* A week later we were friends, and I knew his history. He had been dancing master at the Opera, in the time of Louis XV.; his beautiful cane was a present from the Count de Clermont; and when we apoke of dancing, he grew enthusiastic to such an extent that he talked without ceasing. One day he confided to me. "I married La Castris, sir. I will pre- «eut you to her, if you wish, but she only comes here later in the dav. This garden, you see, is our pleasure and our life. It is all that is left us of the past. It teems to ns that we could not live if we had it no longer. It is so old, BO unique in its beauty, is it not? The air that I breathe here seems as invigorating as it was when I was young. My wife and I pass all our afternoons in this spot, but I come in the early morning also it is so lovely then." We separated, but that same afternoon I returned to the Luxembourg, and eoon perceived my friend ceremoniously giving bis arm to a little woman, very old and all in blaok. With courtly formality he presented me to her. She mi iaded La Cwtrii, IbM frmoBl frfUfW* wto kt* wm adulation and love from king and princess, wbo had been courted and worshipped by all in that gallant century which seems to have left' in the world an odour of love. We sat down on a bench of stone. It was the month of May. Flowers perfumed the air, and the bright eun shone through the leaveB, bathing UB in warmth and light. There was no one near in the garden. From afar came the sound of passing vehicles. " Tell me, will you not,*' said I to the old man, " what was tha minuet ?" He started from his seat. *' The minuet, eir, it was the queen of dances, and the dance of queens; but it no longer exists. Our kings are gone ; the minuet has gone with them." Then he commenced, in pompous style, a long, dithyrambic eulogy, of which I understood nothing. I wished him to describe the steps, all the movements and attitudes of the dance. He tried, bat became coa« fused in his description. Exaspe- rated at his inability to make his meaning clear, suddenly he turned towards his aged companion, sitting silent and grave on the bench. " Elise, if you wish, it would be verygood of you, we will show this gentleman what it was. Will you She glanced anxiously around, then rose, and without a word placed herself opposite him. Then I saw a sight I shall never forget. They advanced and receded with, childish affectation, smiling at one another, balancing, bowing, tripping along like two old dolls set in motion by rusty machinery, somewhat out of order, but constructed of vore by a skillful workman. And I watched them, my heart strangely moved, all my being overwhelmed with profound melancholy. I seemed to see an [apparitionmournful, vet ludicrous—the oldfashioned ghost of a dead century. I wauted to lauf;h, yet was ready to cry. All at once they stopped. They had finished all the figures of the dance. For several seconds they remained standing, face to face, smiling in the most extraordinary way ; then they kissed each other, and I heard a smothered sob. Three days later I left the capital for a provincial tour. I never saw them again. When I returned to Paris, two years after, the nursery garden of the Luxembourg had been destroyed. What became of them without tiiat cherished spot of other dav?, with its winding paths, its close-clipped hedges, and its odour of the past ? Do they wander around our modern streets like hopeless exiles? Or are they dead, and dancing, perchance, a fantastical iniuuet — two comical ghosts—among the cypress trees of some cemetery, flitting up and down its tomb-bordered paths in the moonlight? Their souvenir haunts me, besets and tortures me ; it is a wound which never closes. I caunot tell why. Undoubtedly, you find me absurd. For painting walls or other objects exposed to dampness, a mixture has come into extensive use in Germany formed of very fine iron filing's and linseed oil varnish. When the material to be painted is subject to frcouent change of temperature, linseed oil aad amber varnish are added to the first two coats. The paint may be applied to wood, stone or iron, aad, in the case of the latter, it is not necessary to free it from rust or oily matters. It is stated that cast-iron pulleys can be lagged or fagged with leather ; without the use of rivets, in the following manner: First, the face o£ the pulley is brushed over with acetic acid, which in a short time rusts it and Rives it a very rough surface : afterward the leather is attached to the face of the pulley with a cement composed of one pound of fish glue and one-half pound of common glue, the result being entirely satis, factory. An artificial stone of excellent quality and adapted to various constructive purposes is now made by mixing certain proportions of Portland cement, powdered granite, blast furnace slag, and water containingsilicatcof soda. The composition may be colored to suit the taste. A New Zealand conifer, resembling the yew tree, has been discovered by experiment to be remarkably rich in tannin, the percentage being 28.CC, as compared with 2-1.18 for sumac and S.85 for oak, and considerable quantities of the bark have already been exported. To Test Steel.—Pour on the object to be tested a drop of nitric acid of 1.2 sp. gr.. let it act for one minute, then rinse with"water. On iron this acid will cauge a whitish-gray, on steel a black stain. 