THE MYSTERY OF BARNEY O'ROURKE. iProm the Annals of a Haunted House.) A very IrriUtinK thing hn« happetied. My hired man, a certain Harney O'ftnurke, a citizen of much iollllcal In- lluoncr. n good gardener, and, act:ordlng much Uw> Ijent of me. and nil Iracause of certain effunlotiH wtilch from time to time have emanated froinmy jx'n it In not often that one's literary chic kens come h'diie to roost In such a vengeful fashion as some of mine have recently done, and I have no doubt that as this story progrcwes he who roads will llnd much sympathy for me rising up In his breast. In the latter part of last July, expect ing a meeting of friends at my ImUHu In connection with a question of the good government of the city in which 1 hon estly try to. pay tny taxes, J ortlered one hundred cigars to be delivered at my residence, I ordered several otht-r things at the same time, hut they have nothing whatever to do with the story, because they were all— every single bottle of them— consumed at the meeting; but of the cigars, about which the strange facts of my story cluster, at the close of the meeting u goodly two dozen re mained.' This 1h surprising, considering that there were quite six of us present, hut It' Is true. Twenty-four by actual count remained when the last guest left me. The next morning I und-jny fmnlly took dur departure for a month's rest In the mountains. In the hurry of leuv- lug home, ami the worry of looking after three children and four times as many trunks, 1 neglected to Include tlio cigars In my Impedimenta, leuvlng them In the opened box upon my library table. It, was cureless of inc. no doubt, but It. was an ini|>ortnnt Incident, as, the se quel shows. The incidents of the stay In the hills were commonpluee, hut during my absence from home strange things were going on there, as I leurned Upon iny return. The place had. been left in charge of Barney. O'itourke. who, upon my urrb val, nssiired me that everything was nil right, and I thankeil and paid hltn, . "Wall. a minute, Harney," I wild as ho turned to leave me; "I've got a eigiu for yon."" l may mention Incidentally that. In the past I luul kept Harney on very, good terms with his work by treating him In a friendly, sociable way, but, to my great surprise, upon this occasion ho' declined advances. HAD CJIVISN UP 8MOKINO. Ills fac»e (lushed very red as- lie ob served that he had given up smoking. , '".Wtill, wnlt n minute, anyhow!" sahl T. "There are one or two things 1 want to speak to you about." Anil I wont ti> the table to get a cigar for myself. The box wus empty. . Instantly the suspicion which lias doubtless IlaAhcdlhrougli the inlml of the reader Hashed through my own- Barney luul Itcen tempted, and had fallen. recalled lils'bluslt, mid on the moment rvaUw'd thai In till my vast experience of hired men In the past I hud never seen one blush before. The ease was tlenr. My clgnrs had gone to help Uar' ney through the hot summer. "Well, I declare!" I cried, turning sud denly u|h>n him. "I left u lot of cigars here when I went away, Harney." ' "I know ye did, sorr," sold Barney, who had now grown wltlle and rigid. "I saw them meself, sorr. There was twlnty-fourof 'em." "You counted tliem, eh?" I asked, with an elevation of iny eyebrows, which to those who know me conveys the Idea of suspicion. t"\ did, sorr. In your absence I was re sponsible for everything here, and the morula' ye went awiui I took a <i'ulck In- yinterj'c-HoiT, at the rcrnovubleB," .he answered, lingering his cap nervously, "/That's how it was, sorr, and thlm twlnly-four scgyars was lyln there In the liox forninst my eyesj" "And how do you nccount for tile re- nmval of these removables, as you cair theui,- Harney?" I asked, looking coldly at htm He saw he was under suspicion. and he winced, but pulled himself to gether In an Instant. \- "I expected the question, sorr," he said, calmly, "and I have mc trnswer ready. 3'hlm segyars was shinoked, "Doubtless," mid f, with an Ill-sup pressed sneer. "And hy whom? Cuts?" I added, with a euntcmptuouK shrug of my shoulders. Ills iuutwer overi"'wcred ine, It was so simple, direct, and unexpected. " SlII'OOKS." "Shfiooks," he replied, Incotileally. 1 gasped In nstmdshnient. and sat down. .My knees simply collapsed under tne, and 1 muld no more have ''continued to stand up than II)-. "What?" I cried, as soon as I had re covered swllielently. to gasp out the word. "Hhpooks," replied Harney. "IJt came tiljout like this, »irr. Jt was tho Krol- day two wake afther ytiu left, 1 heuamo unnsy lolkc along ut»oul noine o'clock Iri the avenln', and I fought I'd eoine , around here and see if everything was 1 sthralght. Me wife sez ut's fodlsh of tne, sorr, and I sez maybe so, but I can't get ut out o' me hcud thot soineflng'K " 'Ye locked ovcryfing up safe whin ye left?' sez she. " '1 always does,' sez I. " T'hlti ufs n phwhlm/ sez she. "'No,' sez I. lJfs a slns.-ttlon. If ut was a phwhiin, ut d be youse as would , hov' ft;' that's what 1 sez, sevurcy lolke, sorr, and out J shturls. It was tin o'clock whin I got here. Hie nolght was dark nnd blowin' lolke March, mlnln' and fundcrln'.tlll ye couldn't hear your self fink. ' ' "I walked down the walk, sorr,.un' barrliT the f under everyflng was quiet. I truid the durcs, Alt lolght as u politi cian. ' Shtlll, t'lnks I, I'll go InMoido. Quiet as n lamb ut wus, sorr; but on a suddent, us i was about lo go buck home again, i slum-It shmoke!" "Fire?" 1 cried, excitedly, , . "I suld shmoke, sorr," said Hurney. whose calmness was now beautiful to took upon, lie wiih so serenely conildent of bis iHisltlon. "Doesn't smoke Involve u lire?" I de manded. ' . ' ."Sometimes," said Barney. "I fought ye meant a conflagrnshun, sorr. The shmoke I shmelt was segyars." "Ah," I.observed, "i am glad you.are, coming, to tthe point, llo on. There ls it difference. " , 'There Is- thot,".; mid Barney, plea nanlly, as he was getting on so swim- 'mlngly."'ThlH shmoke, as I say, was soy- gar shmoke, so 1 gropes ine way cau tious lolke up the hack sthalrs and list ens by the library dure. All'quluL as u lamb. Thin, bold lolke, I shteps Into the room, nnd NRAHLY UHOPS-W1D TIIE 8HCAHI3 I HAVE ON ME ' In'a minute. The room was dark as a b'aver hat, sorr, but in different ahpots ranged round In the ehulrs was six little . re«l bulls of folre." . "Harney!" I cried. , "Tli rue, sorr," suld lie. "And totmcky shmoke rollln' out till you'd n- fought there was a folre In 'a seygnr store! Ut queered' me, sorr, for a minute, and me impulse Is to-run, but I gets tne eouragu up,, springs across the room, touches the eleclhrlc button, und, bzt! every gas-Jut tin the (lure lolgbts up!" - "That wus msh, Barney," I put in, sarcastically, "It was- In your'lnthort-st, sorr," suld he, Impressively, "And you saw what?" I queried, grow- Ing very/lmpatlent. "What I hojie nlver to see again, sorr,". said .Hurney, compressing his Hps,' solemnly. "Six Imply chairs, sorr, wld six seygars as liolgh up from the. Ilure as a man's' tnouf, ptiinn', and n-biow:n'. out shmoke lolke a .chlmhlcy! An Ivory oncet In d wholle the'segyai-u would go down -kind of an' be utp|>ed lolltc us If Wld n linger of a shmoker, and 1110" ashes would fall off onto the Ilure!" ."Well?" said I. "CJo on. What next?" '"I. wanted to run awaa, sorr, hut J shtood rutted to tho shpoL wld th mil prise 1 had mi me, untlt talruilly Ivory Hcgyar wiis burnt lo ji slitub arul trun Into. the folreplace, whore I found 'cm when I came to c-fane up. provln' ut wasn't ony dhramc I'd b«-wi bavin." THE MAN WAS LYINC. I arose my t-balr and pue»-d tlm rts/m for two »>r ihre»- minutes, vvundej- Ing what I could say. (J r cjursn. t tic men was lying, I thought. Th.-n I pulled myself together. . "Harney." I said, severely. " what's the use? Do you expect me tn believe any such cock-and-bull story us thnl?" "Nor, sorr," said he. "Hut thlm's the facts," "Do yuu mean to ray that this house of mine is haunted?"! cried. "I don't km»w," snitl Harney, quietly. "I didn't fink so before." "Before? Before what? When?" I asked. "Whin you was wrltln' shtorles nbout ut, sorr," said Harney, respectfully. "You've had a black horse-hulr sofy (urn. white in a single nolght, sorr, for the soight f'»f horror ufs witnessed, iYoti've had the hair of your own head shtand o>: ln«l lolke tinpenny nails at what you've seen here In this very room, .yourself, sorr; Yfnj'vt? hud gbosLs tloln' all sorts of f lugs In the shtorles you've Ismjh wrltln for years, and you've ah ways swore they were thrue, sorr. 1 didn't believe 'em when I rend. 'cm. but whin I see thlm segyars belli' shtnoked up before me eyes by Invisible flngs, I sez to meself, sez 1, flic boss ain't such a hilar afther all. I've fnllyd your writ' In, sorr, very careful and close lolke; I don't see hmv.uflher the tales you've told about your own experiences right here, you iron' cay conslshtently that this wan o- mine' ain't so!" "But why, Barney," T asked, to con fuse. him, ."when a thing like this hap pened, "didn't you write and tell me?" ' ! Harney chuckled ai only one of. his species, can chuckle. ... "Wrbhite and tell ye!" he cried. "Be gojry,, sorr, If ,1 could uToIte ut ull ut uI„ ul's.not j-oti ol'd be wroltln tliat tale .to, but to Uie hlltor.of tin paper ttint you wroile for. A tale loiko that is ,'woi-f tin dollars to imy man, especially If ufs Oirue. Hut I nlvcr h-urned the art!" . r -And willf tliat Barney left me over- whelinwl. Subsequently 1 gave him the .'ten dollar which I think his story Is : worth, hut .1 must confes that I am In a,dllemmh. .. After what 1 have said libotil niy superhaturitl guests, ( cannbt discharge Hariiey for lying, hut I'll he blest If rcan'fiulte believe that bis story Is accurate In every respect. If there sb'oulii bappeu to be among the readers of Ibis tale uny who have made u' sudlclently close study of the habits of- hh-ed men ami ghosts lo be able to shed any light upm) the sttlintlon nothing would pleuse me more than tu Jtear from them. I may add, In closing, that Ibirnoy 1ms rosunied smoking. — John Kendrlek nungu.'ln "Harper's Weekly." 