'BI KIND TO EDITH.' tArji Rights Rssbbvhd.1 CHAPTER I, I .1 l» AM the dttujflitci VB*S~*- °f a Derbyshire I5\ .H vicar who ' passes (5 '?y rich ' in the Peak ji^fcjC^ district on one hun ra^^^^^m dred and twenty 4 ^%\W-^P«^a There were four of us, two girla and two boys ; and how it was all managed I know not, but we nevei wanted bread and cheese to eat, a warm fire in winter, or decent clothes to wear. We owed no man anything, and never refused a crust to a poor neighbour worse off than ourselves. But it may be well supposed we had 1 not much to spend on education. My father, himself a Rugby and Cambridge man, was able bo teach his boys, and did so most thoroughly and conscientiously, and at fifteen or sixteen the good fellows proposed, of their own accord, to go to the neighbour ing towns of Chesterfield and Bakewell as draper's assistants. The thing is not at all uncommon in that district of small clerical preferments. Ana if my brothers knew more Latin and Greet and less boo.kkeep ood ln£ cnan mlS'c 'ave been desirable, they mil!, made up for it by their strict integrity and 1 pleasant manners to their customers. So L20J we two girls, Mary und myself, were left at ltiyj home, and very soon we began to feel that j we were one too many. My father fell ill, ?Btj and had to have a doctor and help in his ^J duty ; we lost, a cow, and times became j^.1 not a little hard with us. Now, an old '?' friend of my father's was in the habit of nP sending us ' The Guardian,' a few day« f after publication, and one evening, as 1 was LBP glancing over ids pages somewhat listlssiiy I' 1 came to the following advertisement : ^ : ... (t-*.**v» xu «* a *ij-ji^.a«w o jauiiiy a x\ursery (!| Governess, or Superior Nurse, to undertake ?| the entire charge of two little children. Jfa Lady preferred. Wages twenty pounda. § I Apply, E ? , Gower-street, London.' EEJ ' Why should I not try for this ?' I cried ?i'M on the impulse of the moment. 'Mary can j'jj do all the work which mother will let any t/ one do now the boys are gone, and one quarter's wages will pay Mr. Dalton's bill. ui course my ia&ner; saw, ?' sso, no, my dear, we shall get on without that.' Of course my mother shed a few quiet tears at the notion of one of her daughters becom ing a servant. Of course Mary threw her arms round my neck and asked how she should get on without me. Of coorae the boys, when they were told, were angry with me for daring to do what they had done themselves. I am not without a will vt .»ij vitw. J^x iC'JUCL ,Y«IC W1.1UUG11 UL1U a favourable answer received. The children had been left motherless in the year previous. There was one boy and one girl —very easily managed, but not strong in health, requiring care. No menial work would be required of me, a nursemaid being kept. My meals would be served in the nursery. And so on and so on through two sheets of notepaper — well-written and ex pressed, and all perfectly satisfactory. References were exchanged, ' for form's sake,' it was said, and within three weeks of my seeing the advertisement I found my self in a third-class carriage of the Midfand Raihvay steaming out of Chesterfield. 1 had a compartment all to myself, and rejoiced thereat for two reasons. First, because my good father had expended one of his few precious shillings in buying a book for me ; and 1 was anxious to read it. Ami, secondly, because I had not yet be come accustomed to the strictly servant-like apparel which it bad been decided in family council that 1 should wear in my new situation— a perfectly plain light print dress, a straw hat trimmed with brown ribbon, and a black jacket. I found after wards that I might have dressed just as I pleased. But my plain attire was not un becoming, only 1 felt a little awkward in it at first, and fancied that everyone would know me aa a lady-help. I rejoiced there fore in my empty carriage, and read my book and ate the cake my mother had pro vided, vertr onmforhnhlv. T am noh one to make trouble out of nothing, and I rather enjoyed starting in life on ary own account. But at Leicester the door was opened, and a lady dressed in deep mourning got in. She was not in widow's weeds, but her veil was eo thick that I could not see her face. I could just make out, however, that she was very pale, and wore green spec tacles. She seated herself directly opposite to me, and from that moment never turned her face from me. She sat with her hands before her, and her green spectacles, dimly Eeen through her veil, fixed steadily upon me. I tried to read, but felt all the time she was looking at me. I pretended to want my little basket from the rack, and her eyes followed me as I moved. At- last I took a seat on her side of the carriage, though riding with my back to the engine invariably makes me ill ; and, there J if the wretched woman did not deliberately turn round and face me. At first I thought my eervant-like dress, and perhaps unservant like manner had struck her and made her suspicious, but I reflected that there really was nothing so unusual in my appearance. ' I'll try what speaking will do,' I said to myself, and remembering my new char acter I said respectfully : ' It is turning quite cold, ma'am, don'fc you think ? Shall 1 close' the other win uow : ' No, thank you,' she answered ; ' I don't feel cold.' Again silence ensued, and I felt that I must put up with her close inspection as beet I might ; and only rejoiced to think that London 'drew near. Just as the houses began to appear in streets and rows, my fellow passenger opened her mouth, and asked abruptly, and in a hurried manner : 'Are you fond of children ?' Of course I supposed that she judged from my dress that I was a nurse, and replied civilly : ' Yes, indeed, ma'am, very fond.' . ' You would never be unkind to them ? ' Unkind ? No indeed !' She said no more, but continued staring at me until the train stopped. As soon as the door was opened the crossed over the carriage and said in a deep, solemn tone : ' Be kind to Edith.' ' Beware the ides of March,' could not have been uttered in a more alarming way ! I started to my feet, feeling sure that what I had for some minutes suspected was indeed the case, and. that I had travelled with a lunatic. I tried to detain her, but ?he shook me off, sprang from the carnage, and ran rather than walked across the stitiou. The porter who had opened the doo looked at her with some surprise, as slit, was evidently uot very young. '?The lady,' I said, 'is not, I think, -|uileiu her right mintf.' ' Think not, misa ? Been troublesome to you, or frightened you V ' Oh, no, no !' I answered, and then 1 asked him to see to my luggage, and get. me a cab, and very soon I was in my way to Gower-street, The distance is not great, And the cab soon stopped at the door of the house, on the brass plate of which .was the name of Dr. Norman. The driver got down, and before I could direct othenviee, rang the visitors' bell. He, at all events, did nob take me for a servant. The door was opened, afttr a very whorl delay, by a middle-aged housemaid of highly respectable appearance. '1 am sorry, :- I said rather, nervously, 'that the cabman rang I h;- wrong bell. 1 am the new nurte, and these are my' boxes.' ' Walk in, miss,' replied !he woman respectfully. ' You were quite right to ling the hall d.. or bell. My mistress told me you were a clergyman's daughter, and were to be treated, in all respects, as a go\ ernes?, not a servant. Pray come in. I'm glad enough you are corao. Now those poor children will have someone to see to them.' 1 paid the cabman and stepped into the hall. The house was somewhat dr. iJc and gloomy, I thought, and had that air of by gone respectability which I have since learned is shared by all the houses in that once fashionable district. 'I'll have your boxes taken to your room miss, at once. Perhaps you would like to speak to the mistress, and r.heu make acquaintance with your charges ? Will you follow me, please ? My name is Sarah.' ' And mine Emma,' I replied ; ' but I thought your mistress was dead.' ' The Doctor's wife, you mean. But his two sisters now keep his house, and we call the eldest mistress. They're in the draw ing-room now. The back drawing- room we use as a nursery. You shall go in and see the children when you come out from the ladies. Oh, I do hope you'll be kind and cheerful with them, and especially with little Mis3 Edith.' . I started as she said the name. The lady in the train, then, must have been a friend of the family, and have known the names of the children ; but 1 had no time to reply, for Sarah threw open the drawing loom door, and announced me as : ' The new young lady nurse, it you please, ma'am.' Two ladies, past middle-age, were sittimr at work in a somewhat shabby, uutidy apartment. They were both singularly plain, and had prominent front teeth, but what struck me particularly was their nervous, frightened expression. Even at Sarah's announcement of mv name they gave a little start, and seemed relieved to find it waa no one else. At that time I don't think 1 knew what a bailiff meant, else I should certainly have suspected that they feared a visit from one. However, they were civil enough, bade me take a seat, enquired about my journey, spoke of refreshment, and hoped that 1 should be comfortable. ' The children have had many nurses,' said the eldest, ' since their mother's death, but none of them seemed able to keep' them amused without disturbing the Doctor. I do hope that with you, an educated lady, 'it will be different. You will find Jane, the nursemaid, a good girl, though slow.' All this came out in a jerky, nervous way, as if she was thinking of something else, and both the ladies seemed relieved when I rose to go. 'I believe,' I said, as I reached the door, '? that I travelled with some friend of yours. She seemed to know the names of the children, for she bade me ' Be kind to Edith.' ' If a shell had fallen through the ceiling the effect could . not have been more start ling. The needlework and the knitting both fell to the ground. The ladies started to their feet. One wrung her hands ; the other placed hera on her heart as if to still its beating. At last the elder gasped out : ' What was she like 2' and the younger : ' Was she tall, very pale, dressed in black ?' ' Yes, ma'am,' I answered, feeling most uncomfortable. ' She was tall, pale, and in deep mourning. But I am very sorry I mentioned her.as it seems to distress you so much.' It appeared then to occur to the elder ttiss .Norman inaii sne ihubi; cieiuioc ;uu«; self-control and explain her excitement. ' The subject is, indeed, most painful to ub,' she said. ' You have met a person who has been— ah 1' here she groaned deeply, ' who has troubled us much. Pray do not mention her out of this room.'' I gladly gave my promise and still more gladly retired, for the violent emotion of the two ladies had alarmed me not a little. As I went out I heard one of them moan : ' Oh, how will it end? How will it end 1' ? CHAPTER II. Sarah was waiting for me outside. I wondered whether she had heard what had passed. If she had she said nothing, but at once led the way into the back drawing room, which was shabbily furnished as a nursery. The room struck me on entering as oppressively hot and close. A rather fine lad of six years old was playing, somewhat listlessly, with some bricks at a low table near the window. Close to the fire sat a singularly stupid, heavy-looking girl, of seventeen or eigh teen, in nurse's costume ; and on her lap was a pretty, fragile little girl, who, I felt sure at once, must be Edith. Her eyes were unhealthily bright-, two little crimson spots burnb on her cheeks, her lips were parched, and she seemed to find it too great an exertion to hold up her head. ' Why, the little one is ill !' I cried. « She's never well,' said Sarah, ' and vet master does not seem to know what-ails ber and the powders be gives her do her more harm than good. She wants more air and exercise, to ray thinking.' Jn-t at this moment the castle of bricks which the little boy was building fell to the ground with a terrible crash. 'There,' exclaimed Jane, ' now we shall have your pa upstairs a-compbimng of the J ? - - ? i | n Jise ; and I shall catch it, as if ib' were my fault.' And indeed, befote she had finished s| eukiiiir. a quick step was heard on the staiie, the door opened, ana Dr. Norman oaiue into the room. He was a younger man than his sistere, and, likn them, ho had very -prominent b.elh.aud was singularly ill-favoured. Un like (he two old Indies, who looked amiable and benevolent, his expression, it struck me, was cruel and sly. He reminded me of a lean, hungry wolf on his search for prey. His clothes were unbrushed, his face' and hanrlij not over clean, his hair long and un kempt. To my great surprise he shaied his sislera' nervous, frightened manner, as if he had undergone eom ? great shock and .apprehended its recurrence. 'Surely this,' I thought, 'is the very last man iii the w;-rld whom cue would wish to have in a Muk-room or by a dying bed.' Indeed, I afterwards found that his practice was very small, and that only for aii hour or two in the day did he leave the dark, close room which he' called his con sulting room, though few indeed consulted him there.' In I his dismal den he smoked unlimited cavendi.-h, and drank far too much gin and water. He was evidently in a violent passion when he -entered the nursery, bub cooled down when he «aw h stranger, '. ' This is the new nurse, sir,' said SarUi. '? Then I hope the new nurse will prove snpable of keeping - two children uuiet. This room is ovi-r my own, and I am driven almost mad at limes by noise, and especi ally by craslu-s.' ' Perhaps, sir,' said I, ' some other room could be used as a nursery. Children will make some noise over their play ' ' No, no, no,' he answered petulantly. 'You must keep thtm quiet, I say. I won't have the house upset by changes. Now. mind, children, that I hear no more noise to day,' and he literally snarled at them liked the wild animal he reminded me .of. The little ones shrank from him, the boy turned pale, the little girl began to pry. As soon as the man had left the room, I sent Jane to get lea, and taking Edith on my knee and bidding her brother bring his stool to my feet, 1 told them the story of ' The Three Bear3.J' This, with tea and a quiet game or two, lasted us until bed time ' I was a 1'ttle surprised at the sleeping ariangements I had quite anticipated having my two charges in the fame room with me, but found that they were to sleep in a room wii bin Sarah's at the back of the house, while I had a little chamber adjoin ing, but facing the front. When I ven lurefl to remonstrate Sarah said quite piti fully : ' ' The little ones have slept with me ever since their mother left them, and I don't think they would like to be away from mo ; and I'm sure I should not like to have them away. You see, miss, I have had to be a mother to them.' Of course-. I could say no more ; but I made Sarah promise to call me at once if either of the children ailed anything in the night, and especially Edith. Whether I was overtired with my journey or whether I did not feel completely satis fied with my new position, for almost the first time in my life I failed to find sleep. The room was clot-e and stuffy after my airy bedroom at home, and though the street is a quiet one, a carriage or cart seemed to pass each time I was dozing off. I tossed from side bo side, and at. last got up, opened my window, drank some water, and straightened my bed. While I was up the clock of a neighbouring church struck twelve, and it had hardly ceased when I heard the door of Sarah's room softly opened. I stepped out upon the landing There was no one there, bub Sarah's door stood open, so 1 crossed the landing and peeped in. The door of the inner room was directly opposite, and stood wide open, aa Sarah had told me she had always left it. A night-light burnb in the children's room, and I could seo into it quite plainly. To my surprise and horror a tall, dark figure bent over Edith's bed, the figure of a woman, and though I could not see the face I recognised it in a moment as that of my companion in the railway carriage. I rubbed my eyes to make sure that I ?«as not dreaming, and then considered what I ought to do. Should I alarm the house ? I looked again. Sarah was sitting up in bed wide awake. She must be aware of the lady's presence. Who was I that I should try to penetrate what waa evidently some dark family mystery ? 1 would wait a time, I decided, and watch carefully, and I would question Sarah in the morning. The dark lady did nob linger long. She came out upon the landing with a perfectly noiseless step, and her veil drawn closely down. I drew back into the darkness. She descended the stairs, paused for a moment, at the Doctor's door, then wenb down into the hall, and I heard the front door gently opened and closed.' My nerves are not weak ones, but I own I trembled not a little as I crept back into my room and got into bed. Who could this mysterious stranger be ? Why did she wander about the house at nighty , What did she want in the children's room? I had read sensational. novels, of course. Was I about to become the heroine of one ? .but 1 was at leugtn quite wuancu uuu, auu as these and similar questions passed through my mind, I fell into the sound, healthy slumber which so seldom failed me, When I awoke it was broad daylighb,and Sarah was in the room. ' 1 have broughb you some hot water, miss,' she said. 'Thank you, Sarah,' I replied, sitting up in bed ; ' but please stop one moment. I want you to bell me who the lady in black was who came into Edith's room last night and stood by her bed ?'.' She coloured distressfully- - 'Lady in black!' she stammered; ' why, you're dreaming still. Or, stay, perhaps one of the Miss Normans.' ' No, Sarah, it was not a Miss Norman, and you know ib. You were sitting up in bed, and must have seen and heard her. Who was it?' - ' Well, miss, if you will know, ib was the children's own mamma. ' But I thought she was dead f ' So she is, but dead people walk some times.' I looked at her and burst' into a laugh. ' Do you really expect a fairly educated girl in this nineteenth century ro believe such trash as thab.Sarah f ' I exclaimed. 'If there are such things as ghosts, they dont wear green glasses and open front doors.' ' Well, piiM, I aaggian yon «e wiser. bhan every one olse. I can tell you the nurses before you believed in the ghost, and that was the real reason they left. Jane only stays because she's such a stupid ; and, besides, she always s'eeps in the attic.' ' Bub do the Doctor and the Miss Nor mans believe this nonsonse ! ' ' Yes, indeed they do, and are more scared than anybody else.' And when I remembered their nervous manner and frightened looks, I felt thab in this at least, the woman spoke the truth. ' Have they seen the ghost, then ? ' I asked. . , Sarah hesitated, but said ab last she believed her master had. ' Well,' I said, after 'pausing to reflect a while, ' if the Doctor and his sisbers know all, I don'b see that it is my business to pry into thiB mystery. Only 1 Bhould sink in my own estimation if I let you suppose for a moment bhat I believed bhe lady I saw last night bo be Mrs. Norman's ghosb or spirit. I no more belie re this than you do.' I saw she could hardly help smiling at this, and as she was leaving the room I said ' One word more. Are you sure this mys terious lady in black means no harm to the little ones ? ' ' Lor1 bless. you, no, miss. What harm should mistress, dead or alive, do her own darlings ? Why, she doted on them.' ' But, remember,' said I, ' that I don't yet believe in this being your mistress ; and depend upon ib, I shall be on bhe watch.' CHAPTER HI. Weeks glided by, and I saw no more and heard no more of the mysterious lady in black. I settled down to my new duties tolerably comfortably. 1 found thab 1 had quibe enough to do, for when there was an upper nurse the girl Jane bad to help both cook and housemaid. The old ladies were kind and friendly as possible, Sarah a capital specimen of an old- fashioned ser vant, the children docile and affectionate. In fact, the only member of the household I disliked was the Doctor himself ; butl never saw him unless the children made a noise in the nursery, when he' would rush upstairs in one of his rages, and use his tongue, and sometimes his band, in a very cruel manner. As time went on I grew positively to hate him, Edith's, health was my great trouble and anxiety. She was evidently pining for more air, liberty, and exercise. I kept the window open as much as possible, and took both children daily into the square gardens, of which, through the kindness of friends, we had a key. Bud the weather did not always permit of this, and the children were' hours and hours in the close, dark nursery ; and Edith, being naturally a delicate child, drooped like a flower shut out from sunshine. I did my best to amuse her in a quiet way, but a merry game ot romps was im possible on account of the ogre in his den below. One favourite amusement was looking over and arranging again and again a drawer of little treasures. One of the chief of these was a handsome photograph album' given to the child by her mother, with Mrs. Norman's own photo on the first page. Though the absence of green glasses made a great difference, I was struck at once with the likeness to my travelling companion. I could nob help fancying that, whoever this mysterious being might be, she was still hovering near us. I found one night on my dressing-table a letter directed in what was evidently a feigned hand, and on open ing it I discovered a five-pound note, while on the inside of the cover was written, ' Pray continue to be kind to Edith.' From whom, thought I, can this come but from her who first used those words to me ? I closed the cover again, wrote on the outside : ' Declined with thanks,' and replaced ib on my table. When I came up next da3* to prepare for dinner it was gone. At length, one day Edith . was unusually, fretful. Ib was too hot to take the children out till evening, and nothing would satisfy bhe little maid, who sobbed and screamed incessantly. The Doctor came up three or four biines, each time mor,e angry : and, at last, snatching the child from my arms, he shook her and slapped her unmercifully. Just ab that moment Sarah came into the room, and to my surprise — for she had always spoken most respectfully to him before— attacked her master like an old hen whose chicken is in peril ' I wonder you're nob ashamed of your self, sir,' she said, ' ill-using that poor, delicate babe in that way. and she without a mother, too ! Ah 1 you'll be seeing her again one of these nights. No wonder she can't resb in her grave when you treat her darlings so.' I had always heard that cruel people are the . greatest cowards ; but I was hardly prepared for the Doctor, with merely a scowl of intense bitterness, walking out of the room like a whipped cur. Then 1 had a long talk with Sarah, and told her I feared I must give up the situa tion. I felb sure that the healbh of bhe children, and especially of Edith, was suffering from the constant restraint they were under. I could not prevent, them from disturbing Dr. Norman, and I would not see them ill-used by him. Someone else might manage better, and I would seek other work, 'Don't do that,' said Sarah ; ' wait and see wbab happens. There may be a change before long.' I suppose because I was worried and anxious, I was thab night again a long time in falling asleep. At last I felljnto an unea3y slumber, bub very soon awoke, feel ing sure that someone was talking earnestly in Sarah's room. I listened attentively, and wau convinced that ib was so. Then I rose quietly and crept, without putting on my shoes, to the landing. A dark figure was just coming out of Sarah's door. I knew it ab once as the so called ghost. I watched her attentively, bub ivilhout going further towards her. She glided softly downstairs and dis appeared in the darkness. Then I crossed the landing and looked down ; it was qui e dark, *n All at once a pale blue light lighted up the staircase, turning all around to deathly hue, and now I could see plainly the figure' of the. lady standing at the Doctor's door. She had laid aside her bonnet and spec tacles, her hair hung loose over her shoulders, and she had in her hand some kind of lamp ?which gave the blue light I have described. I could see her face plainly for one moment), and felt sure from the photo in Edith's book thab it was Mrs. tigrtasja, dead or alive. Softly she opened the door of her 1iue« band's room and entered, closing it behind her. Then there fell upon ,my._ ears. the most horrible sound I ever heard, and I trusb and. pray it may never be my lot to hear, it again -the scream of a man in mortal terror. ??'??' : ; Should I rush down to the Doctor's room ? Should . 1 call Sarah, ? Should I rouse the Miss Normans ?. Surely they musb be roused already by bhab ''awful scream, for their room adjoined the Doctor's. . . ? . - While I hesitated, the door again opened, and the figure reappeared. Ab the same moment one; of the Miss Normans looked oub of her door, gave a scream almost as wild as her brother's, shut bhe door and locked ib ; and I heard the bwo ladies poor, dear, timid souls 1— sobbing pitifully within. The ghost appeared to have breath, for as soon as Miss Norman- had retired, she quietly blew out her lamp, snatched some thing from the table which stood on the landing— her bonnet and glasses, I suj ? posed— and again disappeared m the dark ness. In another minute I heard the hall door opened and shut. I crept back to my bed more puzzled and anxious than ever, and that night I slept no more. CHAPTER IV. The children and I had hardly begun breakfast the next morning, when the Doctor bounced into the room, arrayed in an old green dressing-gown, I could nob have believed that a single night, however terrible, could have so changed a man in appearanoe. T His long, reddish .hair had turned grey, his eyes were bloodshot and bad dark rings round them, his complexion was ghastly, and the anxious, frightened expression I have alluded to had now become one of abject terror. I uever saw a more pitiful and re pulsive object. The children shrank from him, expecting to be scolded or ill-used. He took nob the slightest notice of them, but addressed himself to me as if repeating a lesson he had learnt. ' I think the children are not quite well, especially Edith A little change and sea air will do them good this hot weather. I will telegraph for some lodgings ac Hastings which my sisters have sometimes occupied. I wish you to take off the little ones by the first train you can get off by. Here is a five-pound note for the present, and I will send you more.' I was too much astonished to answer at once; and before I had recovered myself, he had placed the note in my hand, and hurried from the room. The tvro old ladies, trembling and tear ful, came to help me bo pack. more inclined. ib seemed to me, to laugh than to cry, and thus £ gob off by a morning brain, and reached Hastings in bhe afternoon. -The effeci on little Edith waa almost miraculous. She no sooner breathed bhe pure sea air, and was allowed to run as she liked on the esplanade, than she became a new creature — laughed, shouted, and jumped like o. mad girl ! Both she and her brother made a famous evening meal of tea and bread and butter, and then they Boon became drowsy and asked to go to bed. It was with a thankfal heart that I laid them in clean white curtained bods in the same room as myself, and reflected that no dark, mysterious lady could that night hover over them. The room faced the sea, and I set the two windows ajar. A soft southern breeze blew in, and the lap, lap of the Waves sounded most soothingly. Eh less than ten minutes both little ones were fast asleep. Then the old landlady crept upstairs — a kind, motherly body. She stood by the children's bed aud looked at them lovingly. 'Ah4 poor dears, and no mother you say, nurse ? They look pale little Londoners, and as if they wanted some of our fine sea. air. I'll get them some fresh eggs to morrow morning for breakfast. And yeu too, my dear,' she went on to say, putting b.9r hand on my shoulder, ' are not looking at. all well. You have been doing boo much —sitting up at night perhaps. Young folks can't bear thab. Now, do get out a little this lovely evening, and sit in one of our glass houses, or bake a lib tie walk by your self. You need not be afraid to leave bhe little darlings. I'll not leave the room, and if they wake up they'll nob be afraid of me. Children never are. I've had soven myself.' Looking on bhab glorious sea, with bhe moon just rising, the temptation was too great to withstand. So I thanked the land lady, put on my hat, and stepped across the road ' to a glass house which stood just opposite our lodgings. The exhilarating sea air was beginning to have ibs effecb upon me, too. It was long since I had felt so calm and happy, nob since I had left my Derbyshire home. The evening was lovely, and the moon wus be ginning to make a golden pathway across the sea. I prepared myself for an hour's quieb eujoymenb. But I was nob destined to be undis turbed. Looking for a moment from bhe .«ea along the stone pavement which reaches to- St. Leonard's, I saw a dark figure ap proaching. As I watched ib I felb that the atmbsptiere of mysbery in which I had moved since 1 left home was about to follow me to Hastings. For I soon became certain that the figure was that of the dark lady. I nerved myself to slop and speak to her at any risk. But she did not need stopping. She came' straight up to me, chcew back her veil and held out her hand. ' You know who I am, I think ?' she said. ' . ' , . ? :; ..-' ' Mrs. Norman, I believe,' I replied ; 'but please will you bell me whether you .are dead or living ?'? . She.smi.led sadly. '.?? You have etrong nerves, young lady, as I have found before. Well, I am dead in, Gower-street, but alive here. I am jusb'. going to explain all to you. ' Bub first leb me thank you with all my heart for kind ness bo my darlings. You will take no re ward, I know '— rl chought of the five pound note—' bub a mother's blessing can do no harm to any one. Now, can you listen to a strange story ? Are you ab liberty?' ' And I saw that mother- like she waa thinking of her children. ' Yes,' I saidj 'lam quite ab liberty, and at your service for the next hour. The miol pacu t\F t.lia linnc.o: \rr\\\art\ lira \e\f\crtx TO fiAA. ing to my nursling*. l Pray tell me, if you will, what ail this mystery means.' She seated herself by my side— there was no one else on the seat— and then in a low, neryoud voice, as if afraid of beiaa over (heard, Hhe told me the following extra ordinUiy btory I — — — ^ j CHAPTER V. ' I 'I married Dr. Norman some seven or | eighb years ago. . S' range as it may seem to , you ,who have seen him as he is now, strange as it seems bo myself, ib was a love marriage \- on iny side, though as T have since dis covered th*ere 'was litble enough on his. ' Me thought that Lshould have a large sum of money ab ray fabher's death, and when this happened, and he found bha-b' there wis comparatively libble, he was miserably disappointed and bibterly angry. At first he treated me with coldness, then with actual cruelty. ? ' I soon found that he had a wealthy patient, an eccenbric old lady, whom, bub forme, he might have married. And he loved money dearly, and yeb had very small means. You know bhab his practice is almost nominal. ?' Towards the end of last summer his manner towards me changed. He treated me much more kindly, and even showed me some marks of affection. ' At length towards the autumn he pro posed thab we should take a little tour abroad — 'a second honeymoon ' as he called ib. I was only too pleased to do so; for the children, 1 knew would be safe and happy with Sarah, and the Miss Kormaas lived, close by. ' The country he chose was Spain. It was further off than I quibe liked ; bub I was so much delighted by his apparent re turn of affection that I objected to nothing. 'Wetravelled from one place to another, and soon my husband's manner altogether changed. He became silent and cold and, at times, absent. I asked him if he was well, or if I had offended bim; bub he said he ailed nothing, and bhab I had done nothing to displease him. Sometimes he was so abstracted and' wild, that I began to be afraid bis mind was giving way. ' We came at last to an' out-of-the-way town in the south of Spain, and pub up ab a quieb hotel there. Ab dinner he suddenly asked me if I felt ill. I answered with sur prise that I was perfectly well. He did nob seem satisfied, and repeated tho question more than once in bhe course of the even ing. ''You have a look of coming illness about you,' he said, when I went to bed ; I fear you may have ca-ughb some fever or other in these nob over-clean Spanish towns. I wish you would bake some medicine I have in my portmanteau. I really think you might keep off a serious illness.' 'Partly to please him, and partly because hi3 questions had made me nervous, I ab lasb consented. When I reached my bedroom Hooked in the glass, bub could nob see that I looked in bhe leasb ill. 'My husband came up when I was in bed felb my pulse, beabed my temperature, and looked ab my tongue. Then shaking his head gravely, he administered his draught Immediately afterwards I fell into an deep sleep. ' 'When £ woke bhe hob Spanish sun was shining^ full into bhe room. The landlady was standing by the bedside, and with her a young gentleman who looked like an English doctor or medical student. ' 'She is roused ab last,' he exclaimed ; ' I bhoughb she would never wake again.' And the good Spanish landlady shed tears of joy. ' But, oh, how ill I felb ! My head seemed split in bwo, my limbs felb as if they did not belong to me. ' : ' What time is it ? ' I asked. 'Half:pa8t three in the afternoon. Did you think you had slept eo long ? Bub what have you been taking ? Y our bus band has been gone these six hours, and left word that you were to follow him.- He evidently did not know your state.' ' ' My husband gone ! ' I cried. ' Gone where ? ' . ' And ill a3 I was I started up in bed. The state of the room revealed the berrible, bruth. My husband had tried- to murder me, and had left me for dead. 'He had baken all the valuables he could, find— my watch, jewels, purse. Only my clothes' were left, and he had carefully des troyed every letter or mark which oould show who I was. ' As soon as I wbb -able to tell my bus-. picions, and the young doctor had con vinced himself that I was nob wandering in my mind, be treatedime with the utmosb kindness. ? ' He and a young friend had providen tially been staying ab - the hotel, and the landlady, finding that) I did not wake, and bhab she could nob rouse me, had applied to him. He much1 wished to set the police on my husband's track, bub .to this I strongly objected. ' I had already made my.plans. I was not without means, for, as I never felt entire confidence in Dr. Norman, I had money stitched into my dress of which he did nob know. I determined to return directly to England, and I earnestly entreated that nothing might be said or put into the papers about what had happened. The young doctor somewhat reluctantly under took to arrange this, with the landlady. In fact, from nob understanding English, she hardly understood the state of the case. ' My husband, no doubt, believed me dead, and does to this day.' 'I know nob how I escaped. Per haps bhe drug he gave was less strong than ho thought it was. ' My greab objecb now was to protecb my children without making myself known. I was firmly resolved never again to live with Dr. Norman, and yet I feared that when I was removed he might) be unkind to the little ones. ' After consideration I took a quieb, cheap lodging nob far from Gower-street, and boughb for myself the disguisa in which you now see me. ' I took Sarah into my confidence, and with her help and by means of a latch-key I had in my pockeb,! have been in the habit of paying visits to my darlings from time to time. Some of fche foolish women en gaged-as nurses happened to see me as you did, and lefb in consequence. The children themselves never once awoke. Had they done so they wora so accustomed to my coming to their bedsides ab night in old days thab 'I do not think they would have been alarmed. ' Sarah was to tell me of any unkindness to them ob their father's part. For some time he took no notice whatever of them, bub then began to complain of the noise they made above his head. In addition to his other amiable qualities, he has a most violent temperiand when bins gob bhe better of him he would rush up to the nursery and, shake or strike tho children in a very cruel manner. He had found upon hia return home that the rich and eccentric patient, for whose Bate I doufib nob he had tried to murder me, had during his absence married her bubler, and this did nob bend to' make him more placid. His sisters, whom he persuaded bo live with him, are, as you know, as weak aa they are amiable, and ate completely under his thumb. I felb thaty' something must be' done. ' I had found oub while with him that of all superstitious cowards he is the worst. I determined, therefore, on a bold step. I boughb a lamp, which shed a most ghastly light ; and armed with this, with my hair down, and in my long black dress, I ven tured to enter his roem. I stood by bis bed, and said these words in a deep awful voice : . ' Be kind to Edith.' 'The experiment was entirely successful. . The despicable fool literally shrieked with _ terror, nor did. he seem to doubb for one ' moment thab he sasv the spirit of his murdered wife. .?'-.??.'?* ' For some tiins he gave me no occasion to repeat my visit. He seldom indeed wenb near the nursery. Of late Sarah has again oomplained of his conduct to the little ones. - Yesterday she told me of his roughne?s to .' Edith; and I determined to give him another leeson. ? Last night I again wenb into hid room and nearly, terrified the wretch to death. I . again only bade him : ' Bo kind to Edith.' .' Ib was quite enough, it would seem, for beyond iny most sanguine expectations ho has sent you down here with her and the boy. As soon-ad Sarah told me of your flight I packed a few things and followed , - by the next train. This i3 the whol« of my ; curious story, and no doubt it will explain ' all that has puzzled you.' -' ??. ?? CHAPTER IV. When Mrs. Norman had finished speak ing we both kept, silence for a Hpace. 'I -- was looking a b the golden pathway made - by the moon on tha sea, and contrasting the peacefulness of tha scene with bhe fierce passion of greed, cruelty, and revenge of_ , which she had been telling me. At last I said : ? '?„?'? ? 'May I ask, madam what you purpose bo . do now ? ' ' -.'????'??' ?-, ?; She laughed hysterically. ' I am going, to inflict one more punish: ~~ menb on bhe wretch— bhe cowardly wretch' whom I no louger call my husband.' To- ,,- morrow morning he receives. a letter from . bhe dead-lebter office.' . ,- ' What can you mean, madajri'? ' ; ' I mean thab I am' going bo write I he words which terrify so : much on very debp- - mourning paper, and leb him geb it with the' '? resb of his letters to-morrow morning.' . 'Bub he will see the post-mark u.5 once.' 'Ib will not go through the post. Sarah' will place ic in the- lebter-box during i he ?' nigbb.' ? ? ?-?.,. .-.-.. ... ;:M ' But do you really think he will be,.-; alarmed ab bhis, or -believe the letter to' bo ? supernabural ? ' ? . - ... - ' Ob, you don'b half know what a mi.-vr- '' arjle coward he is. Besides you must re member bhab he ia quite as much afraM of y me alive as dead.' ' Well, I di3suaded . her as nmch aa possible, for bhe scheme seemed to me both - wild and cruel. Bub I soon found that she' was nob to be moved. .In fact, I had begun- ~ ? to sjispecb strongly that, although nothing could justify Dr. Norman the unbappiness . of his* married life might not be altogether, owing to his faulb. His wife showed a hard revengeful spirib, and greab wilfuliiess and obstinaey. She was herself a strong minded ? woman, and had an utter contempt for ; weakness in any shape, so that I could well imagine bbab her husband's life with her had not been free from thorns. I saw nothing of her the next day, which , passed quietly and happily. The ehildren appeared literally to drink in health and vigour with the sea breezes.' . On the following morning when we were _, eibting in the gloss house, the landlady' came acr-oss with a telegram. It was froB» Mise Nor-man. 'The Doctor dead. Break ib to bhe children gently.' ' Poor children ! They were not l&ely; to be much affected. They had little darae ta love and mourn thsir father. Yet they looked grave, and Edith even shed a few quieb tears. Nob so their mother, who joined us in an hour or two. She received bha awful in* telligence completely unmoved. 'The Doctor always suffered from disease of the heart,' she said, ' and no doubt my lebter gave him a fatal Bhock. Well, he deserved the gallows, and has gob off easily.. The world is rid of a most despicable scoundrel. I do nob prebend to mourn him.' I turned from her in disguub, and yet aha was a woman of strong affections, had she - been more fortunate in .the objecb on which Bhe bestowed them. Her meeting with the - two children was truly affectii'r. She strained them, and especially Edit'., to her1 bearb again and again, and seemed :is if she could nob. enjoy enough the endearments for which no doubb ahe had so l«ng hungered. . - My story ia finished. Dr. Norman's death had happened as his wife supposed. On opening the lebter from her, he turned deadly pale, pub his band to his heart, and fell from his 'cbair. He never spoke again. ? His sisbers naturally .declined to live with his widow. She took a omall house in a, .. northern suburb, and they returned to their old lodgings. * I, too, declined to live with Mrs. Norman/ as ahe much wished me to do. I never could be with her without feeling that I was in some supernatural, or at all events, some uncanny presence. Besides, her. character, aa portrayed by herself, was not one which commanded my admiratioa or . esteem. I soon found another situation in London, and am in ib still. Edith and th.Q - boy sometimes come aud see me, and Sarah is sbill their mother's right hand. Mrs. Norman gave me ab parting a very handsome book, on the fly-leaf of whioh she had written : ' In grateful recognifcioB of greab kind* ness shown to Edith.' Jimmy : Sou're afraid to fight ; that's what it is. Thomas : No, I ain't ; bat if I fight my mother'H know' and lick me. Jimmy : How will she and oat, eh F Thomas : ghe'll see the doctor going to you* kdaes. Certain scientists say that Mars is like Hol land. Us inhabitants appear to have'drainod the whole of tbe lurface as a measure of pro- v. lection against encroaching wafers, which threaten an invasion when summer's heat cioltt the golar ioe and sno* -? ~i ? ? , ? . - --v *, 