Short Story. Fop Hester's Sake. By A. S. F., dn the ' People's Friend.' George Armstrong leant 011 the gate, and looked down' tlie long slope to wards the village. Tlie dull dusk merged all the landscape Into shadow : there were no hills : the trees were a massed blackness against the muflled «&V;_ Ttllt- thn i'!11n-m wn,u n -rivuin rtf glow-worm lights, and every moment a fresh window twinkled with tho con stellation. The lamp for which Arm strong watched shone out at last down at the far end of tlie glittering array. There could be no mistake ; he would have known 'It amongst a thousand. Armstrong could 'have driven home with the rest of the men tu his master's cart If 'he had chosen ; but he preferred, tired with tiie long day's toll,' to tramp homo alone, only that 'lie might lean ' upon the gate and salute from* a far tlie kindling of that little' lamp. His heart went out to it now .with a glad tender thrill— the big, powerful, silent man stretched out his hand to It In a rapture of worship and love. 'And there you are, my precious !' he said half-aloud.: Words did not come fluently to Trim for a situation like this ; only he repeated tlie sentence, as a mother might to a child in a low crooning voice, intoxicating himself with Idle pleasure of uttering it. A step behind him In the pi ashy road hushed ,1ns little rhapsody quickly, and lie moved suddenly away, breaking Into a whistle to conceal tlie emotion under wlilcli he was thrilling. The slop be hind quickened, and a dark figure came abreast of him and Immediately slack ened pace as if amxlous to keep him company. 'Cold night, sir,' said tlie wayfarer in tentative tones. .- ' Rather,' answered Armstrong with some gruftiiess. 'You -couldn't spare a copper, mate,' said the stranger, dropping. his voice to tho conventional tramp snullle, ' to help a poor chap seeking for work.'' . Armstrong's hand went - instinctively to his pocket.. But something echoed familiarly in the volce of the man ; he. I-etft'oti&ea; singularly i quick car for v-;iees. ? ? ' Where do you come from ?' he ? _ asked. ?? ? The man poured out a vol utile story. Armstrong cut lihn short liaJf-way. '? That's 'allSjies,'' he said. '\V Yon lire tiie man that was up at Clayliarns last Inst week.' ' The tramp stopped, and tried to see ltis face.' 'Mr. Armstrong, ain't It.?' he said Idublously. ' Lord, sir, I didn't know It 'was you.' ' No, or you wouldn't have pitched me that biassed yarn. What are you doing here anyhow ? Didn't we make up a collection for you and started you for Newcastle ? What's come of .that money. hey T Dramk it, I dare saiy.' 'You're a man of -penetration, Mr. Armstrong. I thiwv myself upon your mercy. Yes, I spent the money In drink— hi a little brief oblivion of my ?misfortunes, Air. Armstrong— yes, I Bid.' ' You're ha.lf-(lrunk now.' y' Oh, no, sober ! That is, compara tively sober ; that is— sober for me. You are too iliard on me, Mr. Armstrong. You -Jan't make allowances. That's ?Hemelside -down there ?' he resmued after a pause, .pointing to the low group of lights. ' Yes,' salid Armstrong with a little movement. How far lie had been enr irted from Ms iralptured dream ! ' It won't be the better of you.' 'Home, sweet 'home !' salld the tramp witli an exaggerated gesture of senti ment. 'Tlie goal of niy wanderings, the oem'tre of my hopes. Newcastle I No btoonrln' Newcastle for me, tliaaik you, when I have a wife and daughter .'waiting to clasp me to their bosom in a 'honeyacukled cot .in a peaceful ham let' ' I'm sorry for 'em,' said Armstrong ?grimly. ' Mr. Armstrong— with all respect to you— because you saved my life, which l never cam forgett, you aren't a mnn of fine feelings, sir. Think of the rapture of clasping a long-lost husband, think of the filial joy of a daughter embrac ing her father. And think of my feel ings. You see me here penniless, rag jged, .hungry, drunk, you said, too— tha't was an exaggeration, but we will let it pass. I am 'travelling towards peace, respectability, mid prosperity. The missus has got a decent bit of money. I'm told.' ' I'm sorry for Iher,' repeated Arm strong. ' Yon live in Hemelside. Maybe you ?know 'her. We won't mention names yet ; and I dare eciy she's changed a bit, but she lias a mark 'that anybody would know her by. Are you acquainted with a tall, dark woman with a scar on her oheelc ?— I ought to know Mint soar,' he said with a low, fiendish chuckle wihloh suggested deep brutality. Armstrong's blood ran cold. He half paused. ' Is 'that your wife ?' he asked in a choked utterance. ' My wife, whom I haven't seen for u good It overa score of years. Slip 'had a slfifter wlio died a while ago, and she wont to see that sister on her deathbed, being of an effectlonate disposition, and I happened to hear of It. I had made up my .nvlindi that she. was dead; and that I wats a desolate widower. Now I know she Is al'lve, and to-night there will be a family reunion— a happy family re union— -a. 'romance In real life. Why dhouliln't I l-e joyful ? Drunk ? I scorn tiie idea ; I'm only exhilarated by the* prospect.' Armstrong could not reply. The de scription had photographed to him Hester Black's mother ; and more cleanly still, he saw Hester here elf, fresh, sweet, and gracious; unconscious of this horror which .was bearing down upon her young life. Hester, tills man's daughter! This besotted, wicked wrettcli, whose hand, as lie had confess ed In tone, if not In words, had dis figured her mother for life. He pic tured lier shamed In tlie Pace of the world by the frightful discovery, forced 'Into contact with the man— she 60 sweet, so shielded, and so pure. Was it ncyt possible to rescue her from the pain and grief of the to-morrow ? 'I wish to, heaven,' he said bitterly in liLs soul, ' that I had left you to be roasted.' The manner In wliich these two men liad mot before was in this wise. There Iliad been a farm fire at Claybarns, and the nuxst active of 'tiiie ealvage party had been the masons and other workmen who were employed at extensive altera tions on a uiaaision-limiso near, of whom George Armstrong was one. Tlie lire waB a sel'loua one, tlie live stock was, though with difficulty, saved, and It 1 had made considerable headway when J it was discovered that there had been a tramp asleep in one of the lofts. The ordinary exit was impossible with suffo cating smoke, but Armstrong, not with out some danger, 'had smashed a way 'in from another building and dragged out tiie man, luilf-eonselous, but un touched by the lire. There was some suspicion that lie mlglit have been the cause of the conflagration ; but on the other hand it might 'have originated in a spark from tiie tlirashing-mill, and as tlie loss was fully covered by Insurance tlie sufferers were not anxious to prove it oolier Chan accidental. The vagrant told a plausible story, and tiie workmen and others ga thered up a small sum to assist 'iilm on ids way. Whether he had ever meant to go to Newcastle or not It is Impossible to say ; but at any rate ?be re he was back In tlie district, this tlnle with an object evidently definite enough, and obviously rejoicing quite as much in tlie dismay which his re appearance vf-ould cause as in the In viting prospect it offered. They liad reached the outskirts of the town now, where the street squandered itself lii to cottages and villas more or less pretentious. A heavy mist— a ' .liaar' in local phrase — was settling down, and enveloping everything in a ghowtly veil. ' Now, I wonder which is their house,' said Armstrong's companion speculatively. ' Come along with me,' growled Arm strong. Tlie strangely assorted couple faced forward aud up into tlie square, whero the flitting figures of the passers looked like ghosts, and appeared and vanished at short distances. Ann strong was glad of the blurring fog, for lie was heartily ashamed of Ills com panion, and, moreover, anxious that the butter should not be noted by the towns people. At last he paused at an entry spanned by a low arch and running between two houses with doors opening loft and right. ' In there,' he said. ' First landing, right htv.'ul side and stood back to let the oilier past. Although obviously a little disappointed at the mean appear euice of the dwelling tiie vagrant step ped Jn with a cheerful wave of farewell. Armstrong heard Ills step, slow on tlie unfamiliar stailr, as he ascended, and smiled grimly to hlm-Hf as he heard him knock.. He repeated the summons twice, but there was no answer. As. lie knocked again Armstrong came up be ll Inci htm quietly, and putting his band over liis shoulder turned a key In the lock and shoved the door open. ' Hullo !' said tiie other, startled. ' You again i— what, the deuce ? ? ' 'Tills is where I live,' explained Arm Strong quietly as he struck a match on tUve'side of the door. 'Come In. You don't want to go down to your wife a sorry spectacle like that' ' Now this is what I call really friendly,' remarked the vagrant, fol lowing liim in. ' This warms my lienirt' Nevertheless (lie ,'eyed Arm strong suspiciously when the gas was lit. There was a set, stem look about tlhe man's grimy face whldh was not wholly reassuring. The room was small and cramped but surprisingly tidy. The fire was laid, and a kettle stoM on the hob. A wo man. w.ho lived in tlie same house made things neat for Armstrong while ho was out. Armstrong's big figure seemed to Gil the small dwelling-house, and he turned as lie rose from kindling tlie Are and surveyed b.'s visitor with grim cool ness. , 'Now we can have - a talk without being disturbed,' lie said calmly. 'Will I tell you What you are going to do ? You are going to stay here tills night, and to-morrow morning I will go with you to tiie Station and see you Into tlie trailn, and that will be tlie end of you as tax as Hemelside is concerned.' The stranger's face, a sensual face, whidh bad once been handsome, turned to ain angry pallor, and his lips drew back over Ills stained teeth with nn animal snarl. He looked over his shoulder at tbe door, but Armstrong laid a detaining grip on his arm and forced, him gently into the chair by tlie lire. , ' That's your programme,' said the vagrant With nn oath. ' But what if it isn't iiilne ?' ' I'm willing -to talk reasonably to you,' replied . Armstrong gently. ' I watn't to get you to see it in tlie proper light. I'll make It worth your while to comply, and if you don't— why, then ? . But we'll not talk about tllin.t; we'll dis-, cuss tlhe' matter in a friendly way, and tlio first, thing I want to kno'w Is— how much you will take ? Anything that's ?In the compass of a working man I'm willing to give.' ' Well, if that's your talk ? ' said the other, recovering his spirits. 'But flnst I want to know, as between man atnd imam, what's you interest In this Tittle pniva'te business of mine.' ' I'm acquainted with the people you mean,' said Armstrong slowly. ' The mother Is a delicate woman. She lias heart trouble, and a sudden shock ? ' ' Even a shock of joy — well ?' ' A shock might kill .her, and— I'm going to marry Hester.' His lips dried alt tlie boldness of the announcement, but he went on unwaveringly. ' I'm a man that could protect his wife from any lilacknmlling, but I don't cfhoose that fflio should bo even annoyed.' ' Now I begin to understand. So you are a prospective son-in-law of mine ? Well, .vou naturally take an Interest in the case, otherwise I should liave re sented your Interference as an im pertinence. So you Interpose yoilr au thority, do you ? Things are topsy turvey nowadays. You ought to have been asking humbly my benediction on ?tiie engagement.' Armstrong's lip curled. ' Much good j-our benediction would do any one.' ' Well, we comprehend each other. You want to buy me off ; and I, taking everything Into consideration, am will ing to be bought off. How much for a loving wife, a beautiful daughter, a highly Intelligent eon-in-law ? Going dirt cheap ; any one make a bid to start wlt.ii ? Any one say twenty pounds ?' ' You shall have twenty pounds,' said George. The other regretted poignantly that he had not asked double ; Indeed he made an attempt to draw a higher offer. Armstrong stuck, however, ? to tlie original sum. ' Twenty pounds is « good offer,' he said. 'It is a large sum :to a man In my position— it Is a fortune to a man Tike you. It Is more than you are worth —there as you stand— body and soul. It is as much as I can give.' 'You are precious complimentary ! 'Well, I accept— if you will pay my fare over and above.' Where are you going ?' ' London.' ' Tiie further tlio batter.' ? ' That Is settled, then.' ?He stretched 'hlmselfytaind yawned.. ' Are you going to glve'tte any sup per, pray V Mind, I'm going lee* be cause of tiie money than because I'm i really under some obligation to you. After all, you saved my life.' ' I might .liave done less with more ease,' said George Armstrong bitterly as lie brought from the cupboard a leaf and some cold meat. ' You can 'have coffee,' lie said. ' I've no liquor of any kind iu the house, and I'm not going to fetch It for you.' ' I might ha.ve known you were a tee totaller,' said the other ? carelessly. ' First, because you had twenty pounds to give away ; and secondly, because you are such a. cold-hearted fellow. So my daughter's name Is Hester. 1 was trying to remember. Is she pretty, eh ?' ' She is both pretty and good,' saf-d Armstrong brusquely. ' She doesn't ?take after you In amy respect.' The other laughed softly. ' The glamour is on you yet,' he said easily. ' It won't last for ever.' 'To be concluded 