EARNING A LIVING IN CHINA. " Lipi'ikcott's Magazine." Strictly speaking, some earn more than they ever receive ; while others are blessed with a "living" which they never earn. Then, too, the word living conveys ae many shades of meaning ae there are olaeaee and con ditions of men ; but to the average Chinese laborer ths meaning is daily supplies for daily necessities. The Chinese ore a people of marvellous economy. They will support a family, famishing all that the household en joys of food shelter, and clothing, from a small garden which they call a farm, but which would not more than furnish an Ameriaan family with early vegetables. Even in the oities the laboring people receive the merest pittance for their work. How they manage to live, and even look sleek and fat, upon the meagre fare which whioh such wages can buy, is a marvel to Europeanb, and even more so to Aram-loans. The following is'a partial noli or wages received in uunion, whore the people are bott-er paid than many parts of Chiua. A daily portion of lice is sometimes given in addition to the money. Wages: f on Skilled Lahob. Per month, dols. Shcomsker LOO Blacksmith 5.00 Ftao ivory-carver I2.00 ''.'iJ/llR- .. -v.. ,.i,.w...Y.b.eV Fine embroiderer 1.00 -Designer li.OU S i 1 vers mi '. h 8. 'JO Painter 4.00 Uonk 300 " Many mon, many miuds," and muviy methods of making money. China, without doubt, hea the many men ; and, oecupyicg as she does a midway position between barbaric and advanced nations, she embraces tho ! many mei-R-da whioh are employed by both kinds of people in earning life's, necessities. The Chinees are ae superstitious as any raoe in Aula or even Afrioa ; therefore they muBt support a great army of people to minister to these superstitions. In addition to their temples and pagodas, their monasteries and priests — all of them probably re ceiving more, in proportion to the whole amount of money handled, than do the churohee and ministers of Christ in Europe or the United States — the people of China support idol- makers, geomanoere, fortune-tellers, physiognomists, soothsayers, astro logers, and interpreters of dreams, an army of each. You find these people in all parts of China. Most of them look as though it were no diflioult matter to earn a living by their own wit, or the lack of wit iu others. The position which they occupy is above the artisan, but below the eoholar or the priest. The idol- makers are freciuentlv skilled workmen from the various trades. Some are fine ivory-carvers, others silversmiths, blacksmiths, and wood-oarvers. The skill of the wood- oarver ie shown in the large grotesque figures upon the doors and near the entrances of temples. Instead ot copying nature, they all burlesque her handiwork. The fish idol, whioh is sometimes suspended from the eaves of temples, is an example of this gro tesque style of work. The workman, who toils for daye or even weeke to make one, does not attempt to picture any particular tieh, hut tries to carve out something which will frighten ahw fimir) wnrohinnAr. Ha 1a tint satisfied when he gives the wooden fieh a full set of shark's teeth ; he must add the large canine teeth of the savage quadruped. If the carver is working for merit, ho may imagine any amount charged to "hie account, but the notual wages whioh he receives will not bring him riches, though he may be batter paid than one who carves tables and cabinets, /lAnmanansa ava fnnoa t»l 1 n son w/>vi out iuoky places for the burial of the dead. There are more than the ubuoI number of tricks to this trade, whioh only the initiated understand. . These diviners carry a compass, with whioh to looate relatively the positions of neighbouring streams and hills. After various mysterious calculations, they eeleot a spot and proceed to examine the aoil with great oare. Stony soil is condemned at once ; red earth is pro- nouueed good ; while it is atill better if a stream of water flows in that direotion, or if the chosen location commands a broad view. If the olient ia dissatisfied with the diviner's first choioe, he must fee him handsomely before be will seek a more desirable spot. These tricksters earn a better living than tho average woikmen, who support a large number of thsm in every Chinese province. The clever interpreter of dreams has a profitable position in the Orient, where the people believe that each dream has a hidden meaning. If a vision ie vivid, or deeply impressed upon the mind, the dreamer calls im mediately upon an interpreter, who is not only uble — for a fee — to reveal the meaning, but will sell a mystic scroll warranted to combat victoriously any threatening ill-luck. Another thing growing out of Chinese supers'ition which is a source of profit to many people is the spirit money. Festivals, high days, and holiday, birthdays and times of morning, all call for supplies ot this imitation cash, Spirit money is burned whenever offerings are made to gods or ancestors ; for it ie supposed to furnish disembodied being with the " legal tender" of spirit-land. Each night householders, laborers, and tradesmen pny this tribute to the powers of the air. Although by no means monopolising the trade, the single city of Shao-hing emolnvs one hundred thousand men, women, and children to m&nafaoture; cash for ghosts. Tho peculiar superstitions of China embarrass workmen iu the pursuits of choir ordinary trade?. For example, the carpenters cov-i builders, though' receiving better wages, thaa ony other I 'workmen, mus'f.'iq., /;>(< ./v»ch "of -F enrniniiii in. t j Jriv: of parsing along tho Chinese t.un> . , of uu poi'tHv ion. In. tho Ji rm -p' ; ----- . they muut oxercse great oursi. , building a bouse, to select, ft ."d boa iu having neither crack e uork .i-.a. Oco small bole ie niadu therein aud fillsd with gold-loaf : rl'.oi: the beam i-: painted red. All this is supposed firing til l- future inhabitants riches aud honor. A picture of Chong- Wou</ Yue, the special god of carpen ters, ie usually hung from the rafters of a new house or one undergoing re pairs. These portraits are rented, for a small sum, from the priests at the temple of Ghong-Wong-Yae, whither carpenters and builders resort to make -their offerings in order to ward off possible acoidents. If a house ia to be repaired, wonderful forethought ie necessary. The evil spirits whioh are supposed to oooupy eaoh dwelling that mortals have inhabited cause the oar- penter no end of trouble and no trifl ing expense. First the astrologer must be consulted with regard to the most lucky day for beginning the work; then a square suspended from the ridge beam is a notification to the spirits of darkness that their dwelliqg place is to be-disturbed, -wherefore the ' square thing for them to do is to move out quietly and peacefully. Next the carpenters make offerings to these unseen residents. These gifts seem to say, "If you pleaee, spirits of darkness, aocept this bribe and speedily take your flight." Next the neighbors must be warned that these evil in fluences are about to bs turned loose, perhaps to seek shelter under a neigh boring roof. Every house in that street receives a notice that upon a- certain day and hour repairs are to begin on the dwelling of Ah Sin. Eaoh household can then pay the imps not to enter its doorway, but to go to the next neighbour. . , . The first person in all the world who raised Bilkworms for the purpose of robbing the coooon of its soft covering was the Empress Si-Lung-Lung-Chee, who reigned in China 2,700. B.C. She ie now worshipped as goddess of the silkworm. Once eaoh rear a national festival is held to her honor. The reigniug Empress and her maidens resort to the temples of Si-Lung-Ches, and paj' her, in flowers and spirit mouey, an instalment upou the debt which China owes to her ; for did Bhe not make the important discovery whereby ' the poor may earn life's necessities and the rich may rustle in shining garments. 