'PARS UP TO' DATE. If you want to know of ghosts, ask a policeman. ' The finest player there is, or was, or Is fco be.' — Riuiji on W. G. Grace. Footballers are usually not bested by the elements, but yesterday's rain raetaphori- I cally knocked them out. I The Government Astronomer's forecast; — Very light wiuds' and calms, weather generally cloudy and unsettled on Sunday, | with more rain on the highlands and I central coast, | A meeting to, protest against the [ acceptance of the Land and Income Tar | Validating Bill in its present form will be held in the Puddington Town Hall on Tuesday night. Will there-be cheap excursion trains to Sydney during the sitting of the Conven tion F There will he many festivities in which residents- in- the -country would no doubt like to participate. Xn the .Assembly — - Mr. Crick: A policeman tell a lie! Mr. Levieu : A policeman would be rather a novelty who did not tell a lie. Some people say the same of lawyers. The death is reported at Hobart of Solomon Blny, who was the public execu tioner of Tasmania for 40 years. The number B^ven fi^ures-largely in his career. He as transported from1 Oxford in 1837, appointed executioner in 1847, free par doned in 1857, hauged his last man in 1887, and has died in 1897. 'T.' writes: 'If thero Tvere no light houses there .would be fewer wrecks. Lighthouses enable vessels to hug the coast, and it is owing to hugging the coast that half the disasters occur. Certainly, lighthouses also enable ships to make quicker passages than would otherwise be the case, but fhafc they prevent wracks is a mistake.' In contradistinction to the attitude adopted by our courts, the civil court of Adelaide last Wednesday in connection with a charge of selling railway tickets, ' decided that as a return ticket must be used by some one it did not matter much who used ifc. This seems to ns a common sense way of lookiug at the matter. The trouble between the milk suppliers and the Sydney companies has reached such a stage now that Illawarra and Cam den dairymen are talking about con trolling the distribution in Sydney them selves. This would be a big undertaking, j aud might result in the suppliers finding I they had ' bitten oil more than they could chew.' . Those who shipped them expect that the oranges which reached London by the R.M.S. Oruba, aud were sold early this week for 13s aud 143 per case, will realise a profit of from 9s to 10s per case. If this sort of thing could always be relied upon orange exportation wculd prove a fruitful source of income to our growers. Maoriland meat-freezing companies do not look upon Mr. Hooley's scheme with favor. One company has absolutely refused to have anything whatever to do with it. It is pretty generally considered now that tbe tfhole thing will eud in smoke. And Mr. Hooley will probably start on his ovru accouut, and in opposition to the existing companies — a view they have perhaps not entertained. The country has been treated to some very entertaining, if not elevating, scenes at the Mtvcquarie-atreet Theatre of Politics during the past week or two. It is to be hoped the return of Stage-manager Reid will bring about a change of programme embracing something in tho way of what might be expected from the House of repre sentatives. A Philadelphia cable to the London Press reads as follows: — 'The School Board of Dunbar, Pennsylvania, haviug of lato experienced much difficulty in filling the vacancies caused by female teachers getting married, seriously discussed the matter at its last meetiug, and after a lengthy deliberation passed the following resolution : ' Teachers must not make love while employed by the School Board of Dunbar or during school hours, under penalty of dismissal.'' A sporting member of Parliament de clared on Tuesday - last in the House that he could not understand why some people favored the Totalisator form of betting. The reasons are plain. Iu the first place, the odds obtained on the machine are absolutely fair odds, inasmuch as they are fixed by public opinion. People aro not aslsed to wager ou the' machine. If they do they get their winnings, and better odds as a rule than any bookmaker will give. Tlie machine does' not abscond, or keep the investor waiting for his money. The machine does not keep ' one in the bag,' and some of tliu public muab win every time. The charities may benefit by receiving part of the commission charged on the transactions of tlie machine. But the main facts, that the machine gives the fairest odds and certain and prompt payment, should be suifioientin themselves. Parliament is now really getting into something like trim. What, for instance, could be more Parliamentary than this: — Mr. Lyne : Not a word was said in either of the morning journals about a most im portant fact brought out last night in reference to the method of valuing the lands of the country. I say the oougpiring journals — — Mr. Cook; How does the hon. member know? Mr. Lyne : And. .perhaps the hon, member conspires with them. Mr. Cook: The hon. member himself is a conspirator. Mr. Lynet The hon. member had better keep bin tongue to himself. Mr. Cook : Keep your dirty tongue to your self 1 Mr. SFEAirEa: The hon. member should withdraw that expression. To tell an lion, member that he has a dirty tongue is very disorderly. Mr. Cook: I do withdraw it, Mr. Speaker. Should uot the hon. member withdraw his dirty imputation thafc I was conspiring? This is a piece of the uncooked debate, taken from 'Hansard.' 