fa L 42 'taf fll - L "f 'J k ta :i V it 2 '£ $ "I will not give you nacK your letters,-' said he. "But you have no right to keep them," said I, "now -that you are not engaged to me any longer, Mr Howard." "Oh; rrly dear," he answered, "you cannot have all the advantage. You have jilted me, and you can say what you, please, and I can prove the truth by our correspondence: 1 always kept the rough draft of mine, and there's no lav- in the land to make me give up my own letters." ' "Gentlemen don't talk of law; they think of honor," said I. "Ah. whatever you please, Miss Tra vis. I suppose the fact that my grand father did not leave me his property has a good deal to do with things being as they are. Good-bye, Miss Travis." But I must have my letters back, and that night as I sat up in my bed I thought of the way to do it. Ben — I mean Mr Howard; he was Ben to me no longer — lived with Sally Gray's mother. Sally was a girl you could trust. She was a plain little thing, with something the matter with her spine, but just' as good as gold. I told her everything, and now I intended to tell her the facts of the case and get her to let me go into B-c-n's room while he -was away and look for my letters. I knew that Ben — I mean Mr Howard — was out by eight o'clock, and -at nine I tapped on the basement window, and Sally, who was making cherry pie, look ed up and saw- me and opened the door herself. And then and there I sat down and told her all about it and about the let ters. "And I want you to help me to get them, Sally." I said. "Let me get into Mr Howard's room and take what be longs to me. And you will, won't you?" "It's a splendid idea," said Sally. : "You'll have to wait until lunch is over and Miss Peck and Mrs Jones go out. Then mother will lie clown for a nap and Biddy will be getting things ready for dinner, and Sarah rubbing the forks and glasses. I'll get the pass key — of course we have one for every room. Now, do stay for lunch, dar ling?" And cold shivers ran up nay back when Sally unlocked the door and wc were really in the room — -his room. "I suppose "he keeps his letters in his desk," said she. "I know he doesn't put them in his trunk, but this key unlocks all the drawers and desks in the house. We keep it to lend the lodgers when they lose their key-rings. Now, I shall lock you in and come for you in an hour." I drew a chair to the desk, sat down, and turned the key in the lock. There was nothing inside but some notepaper, and a little package of fools cap, and pens, and Inkstand, and a blot ting pad. ' I shut the desk and looked in the drawer. There was a cigar box. "Oh, dear," I thought, "where can I look now?" And I was about to try my key on the drawers, when I heard the street door open and shut and feet as cend the stairs. Then a key rattled in the lock, and I did the only possible thing to avoid dis covery—at least for -a moment. There was a wardrobe cupboard with curtains before it. I ran towards it and stood bolt upright in the corner as Ben — I mean Mr Howard — entered, followed by another man. They shut the door and sat down. They lighted their pipes. "Ben," said the strange person, "you are not looking well." "I'm feeling wretchedly." said Mr Howard. "I wouldn't tell another fel low. but I believe my heart is broken — there, don't laugh. You see that photo graph on the mantelpiece? We were engaged to each other," said Ben, "and I loved her better than my life, and I thought she was very fond of me. But you know my 'grandfather cut me out of his will, and then a rich fellow be gan to call upon her, and she picked a quarrel with me — that's all. She's a mercenary little wretch, but I — I am a fool, Henry. I love her still. 1' shall keep her photograph all my life — and 1 her letters to read and kiss. I would not give them up." "Stuff and nonsense!" said this Mr Henry — heartless brute! "You'll find a better girl in no time." "There is but one woman in the world for me," said Ben. "There, now, I'm done. You know my trouble. I'll hide it from the world, and you will never speak of it to any one, I know." "You'll not have any trouble in six months," said the horrible Mr Henry. "Now you'll come up and spend your holiday with me, won't you? I'll just step out and buy those things for my wife, and you pack up what you need and meet me at the station." Then Henry walked away, and Ben- yes, Ben, my poor Ben— took a bundle of letters from his bosom and kissed them; and took down my photo graph and kissed that, and then, having pulled a bag from, the corner, he walked straight to the wardrobe and drew the curtain back. The next moment he was staring at me and I at him. "Is it her ghost?" I heard him mutter; and I — well, there I was. It was not a situation to impart dignity. "It is only me in the flesh, Ben," I said. "I wish I was a ghost, so that I could vanish. And now you can boast all your life, if you like. And I will say something. Firstly, I did not care about your grandfather's horrid money. Secondly, I— I — only meant to tiff a little — not to break off; only to frighten you. Thirdly, I — I— oh, I've found out t-hat you really and truly love me. Ben, and though it is broken off — I — I want to know — I used to love you very much— and I couldn't be going to marry old Mr Javerill, because he is en gaged to mj7- aunt Ophelia, -and he never wanted me. I came to g_et my letters, but you may keep them. I— I've misun derstood you, and though we part for ever, forgive me, Ben." And Sally was my bridesmaid when I married, -and is to-day my dearest friend, and the only one who knows how- Ben and I came to make up our quarrel. —Jane Summers in "The Folks -at- Home." 