AND THE CRIMINAL. By RICHARD MARSH. [ALL RIGHTS 1ESnRVwED.] SYNOPSIS OF PItECEDING CHAPTERS. The opening chapters of the storyi are narrated by Mr. Thomas Tennant, Lon don, Stock and Share Broker. Tennant, who is a good natured man, but irresolute in a crisis, is attacked by an adventuress named Ellen Howth, while the two are travelling in a com partment on the London Brighten Railway. Tennant is acquainted with ]l;n'. career in the past, and the woman, fearful lest he should prove an awkard obstacle in her path, up braids him so savagely that he en deavours to leave the compartment while the train is in motion. She trics to prevent him, and in her struggle loses her grip on Tennant who has opened the door in his effort to escape--and falls out. A strong wind is blowing, and ere Tennant can recover from the first horror of the situation the door is violently slammn d, the glassshivered, and the unfortunate man's face badly cut. Instead of .raising the alarm, the man's. irresolu tion Is his ruin. ITe remains terror stricken in the carriage until it reaches the nearest station, where he is confronted by an adventurer, who from the next compartment has over heard the quarrel between the stock broker and the woman who has, in reality, fallen out. This individual, who is a "blackmailer," has, it appears, been employed to trace out a missing heircss known as Louise O'Donnel, and he starts forthwith to make what capital he can by holding a veritable Sword of Damocles over the head of the nerve-shaken Tennant. In suc ceeding chapters Reginald Town send, a handsome "man about town," is introduced. and it becomes apparent he is in some manner mixed up with the fate of the missing Louise O'Doinel. Tennant, horrified at the position ill which he finds himself, en deavours to drown rlmemlbrante cL 'it in a round of gaiety, but his dissipa tion is brought to a termination by his seeing what he believes to be the ghost of the dead woman. During th. illness that follows he confesses all to his devoted wife, who confronts and disconcerts the importunate blat k maillr. who is constantly demanding "hush" money from her husband. The scene shortly afterwards turns to the meeting house of a number of aristo cratic scoundrels who have formed an institution called "The Murder Club," and Reginald Townsend is one of the leading lights. At the gathering Townsend relates the details of a mur der he has committed near the "Three Bridges" on the Brighton railway line, the motive being "the honour of the Club." In tile meanwhile Tennant is arrested for murder, and the plot thic:elns.The interest now begins to be come centred in the doings of RegL:el I " Townsend, who, despite his innate vi: ailny, is in outward mallner a vt r, attractive man. He beco.mes engaged to Dora Jardine, an heiress, end for a time the story departs from the sur roundings of the unfortuna'e Ten nant, and an insight is given into the career of Townsend. The interest in the "Three Bridges Murder" becomes general, and all London is astir about it. A second meeting of the "Murder Club" Is held, and Townsend is shown by Pendarvon, one of the members, a secret road of escape from the gather ing room should the police effect an entrance. The second drawing for"the honour of the Club" is made, and the murderous number is secured by Archie Beaupre. Then the s:ene changes to Archie's rooms, where a mi ost graphic description of a gambling bout is given. Deaupre, who is Town send's rival for the love of Dora Jar dine, but less selfish than the arch villain of the story,subsequently makes an effort to induce the latter to have pity on the girl, and not link her to a mani of his character. The effort, however, is unavailing. 