TALE ON 'CHANGE. I was not at the fancy dress ball, the card possibly having gone astray. The excuse isn't in the least original, for I have heard it offered by scores of people, with sar castic additions to the effect that heaven born private secretaries occur only once or twice in a generation. Two ladies were dis cussing the matter in the tram a few morn ings since, "Were you at the ball?" one asked. '"No," eaid the other, "I wasn't a&ked.; My aunt, who has been dead these two months, got an invitation, but they missed me-must have known, of couree, that I was in mourning." Sometimes .. a foolish question is asked from mere force of habit. On the morning after the fire the proprietor of one of the buildings destroyed was 6tanding gazing in a meditative melancholy at the ruins, when a flippant friend came up with, thf!* stereotyped, "Well, old man, how are you ; getting on?"' "Getting on!" echoed the vie-? ! tim, with emphasis, "That way," and he pointed over his shoulder at the charred* remnants of his business. Those who want the tip for the great test matches between Stoddart'e team and Aus tralia may find it in the ruins of the Mel bourne fire. The only thing spared of Lin coln, Stuart's establishment were the 6how windows. There, on the morning after the disaster, bright amid the blackness and general ruin, were a few lengths of the Eng lishmen's tricolour ribbon, with barely a speck on it. In face of that I think George Giffen must play for Australia. It may seem personal and severe, but the sufferer brought it on himself. He is a member of Parliament, a bookseller, and a light in the Orange lodges. To his place of business lately came a burly Irishman, who asked for a copy of the last week's "Advo cate." "We don't keep such a rag here," said the indignant bookseller. "Deed'n yon might do worse," said the Irishman quietly as he turned away. The member seemed to realise that he had been unduly severe, so, in a conciliatory tone, said, "How are the potato crops looking out your way?" "Well, wid a nice dhrop o' rain, and the blessin' o' the Lord," said the grower, "we'll be havin' em as big as the hump on your own; back. Good morning, sor." "Wanted, gardener, experienced veget ables and flowere." In reply came the fol lowing communication:-"In answer to your advertisement in this morning's paper, I wish to state that I have had ten years' experience at the work you require done. I am 28 years of age. I both smoke and drink, but never get on my ear. I have references from a big bug or two about town, and they are agreed that, no matter what faults I may hare, I, at least, under' stand my work, which is more than 80 per cent, of the so-called gardeners do. I trill want fair wages-none of your 10 or 12 shillings for me. I do a day's work when I am at it." The applicant owns up,in ferentially, to certain faults-extreme can dour, I should say, was oneof them-but he believes that all faults are necessarily excused by the one great virtue of being a gardener who understandshis business and is willing to do ft day's work for .a day's wage. Who would have thought, though, that the mere association of La France roses and broad beans would have pro duced such e magnificent, if somewhat vulgar, independence. The proprietor of a Brighton nursery has been, telling of the encouragement the pro tective policy of the country gives iura.io the introduction of new fungicides and in secticides. This nurseryman had ordered ; 101b. of a new tobacco-powder for killing 'insects on plants. The very mention of j tobacco appears to have scared the Cus j toms, and after some days they referred the matter to the Minister. Eventually it was sent to the Government analyst for report and after many days the agents of the I i firm were told that they might take delivery ] j on payment of 3/ per lb. on the tobacco powder. Although they made him pay for 101b. they only returned him 71b., and charged 5/ cooperage for binding up the broken package with rope. "So," says the nurseryman, "they have 31b. of my I powder and 9/ of my money, and if any | one wants any of that powder I am selling it by the grain. The Customs department may be able to supply it a bit cheaper." "Signature unlike" was the endorsement on the cheque which the bank, much to (the indignation of the person presenting it, ! declined to cash. The drawer came in j shortly afterwards, and said, "Oh, that's I my signature all right. You see, the fact is I was a little excited that evening, and well, you know." "Of course I know," said the official, "and it will obviate un pleasantness if, some day, when you're in the right mood, you would just drop in and | leave me your drunken signature as well j as your sober one." "Persons desirous of having their graves j kept in order" are informed, by notice posted at the lodge of a suburban cemetery -famous as the resting-place of a poet that the matter can be arranged on certain payments to the caretaker. From time i immemorial we have had romantic people who have said or sung, "See that my grave's kept green," but they were con tent to pass it on as a general instruction to posterity, rather than make a definite contract with a caretaker, who, in the na tural course of things, may predecease them. In slang terms the ghost must walk in that cemetery before the caretaker becomes re sponsible for the graves, but it is not the sort of ghost who, in the stilly night, stalks down from B compartment in his shroud and says, 'took here, you've not had the spray-pump over my pelargoniums for the last three months. See to it, like a good chap/' The caretaker doesn't mind that sort of appeal. Tt him the owner of grave is not the uninteresting person who! occupies it, but the one who pays 6pot | cash for the decorations. 1 have beard of many happy and brilliant and curious weddings, not the least remark able being one in which, in the words of a Gippsland newspaper, "the happy couple made their escapade amidst showers of rice;" but of all the affairs of this sort solemnised of late years, perhaps the most consistently enjoyable was one which took | place recently in the vicinity of Bendigo. So free was it from all unpleasantness that one of Jh&w;^ding- breakfast orators earned tbe^efcji^ by assuring all the part in it that it ^6ad passed off "witjjou^ an 'itch. ,A 'skudder ran.'iSfjftagh the Assembly ( Vhim it,that in his capacity as Mr. Peacock, the Chief Secreary, had made an inspection of the walls tottering from the recent fire in Flinders-street. It was rot alone the fact that Mr. Peacock is young and fair, or that h° is unmarried, and has no family depen dent on him. Other men, young, hand- j some, and unattached, might have ventured into danger without exciting so much alarm. It was the fact that the youthful Chief Secretary carries aboutwitUUim a dangerous , explosive. Erery precaution, however, was taken to protect Mr.-Peacock from the ap proach of any humorist. One little joke whispered in his ear, and there would have been an outburst of cachinnation which would have levelled every one of the cal cined and twisted walls, A tremor was pro duced amongst the Chief Secretary s atten dants when a glimpse was caught of a white waistcoat crossing the end of Flmders lane, but his attention was diverted, and the, danger passed. It is arranged that if Mr. Peacock goes near the building again Messrs. J. A. Isaaca, "Ben Tucker, and E. j D. Williams shall accompany him. Isone of have ever teen known to smile, and you could not make them laugh even if you! hit them with a tomahawk. In their com pany Mr. Peacock will feel no temptation to laugh. _____ The discussion on Scripture reading in state schools has had one pod effect. Many members of the Assembly have been m I duced to read the Bible. Never was a more touching spectacle than that presented m the Assembly when the subject was under discumon. Copies of the Irish Rational I Scripture hexona Books were distributed. Members seised upon them with avidity and 1 curiosity. It was their duty to have studied these books before, but they have not got out of their schoolboy habits of learning lessons on the way to school. But what a beautiful spectacle it was to sec> such grey J heads as Mr. Gillies, Mr. J. 6. White, Mr. ' Murray Smith, and Mr. Wheeler poring ' overthe Biblical extract*, and such juveniles as Mr. Watt end Mr. Toutcher bending with them in revjoent study. Let us hope SVTf He rose in & fright a» the red light ehone ! BtftitfSrMser*site 1 Buirkfl rising out of the city. "So those November meteors hwe wane at laat, he few houra later t^ey rang him up to tell that hi« business was S heap of ashes. WOOMERA. 