HIS mill's HI CHAPTER XXXV — ( Continued ,) As the eight woro Lute, Miriam bpcamc nervous and depressed. Tbo faintest Bound startled her ; she was fretful nnd continually scolded her maid, without any apparent reason. ' You may go to your own room, Mitchfell,' Bhe «aid. 'How rough you are. I prefer to brush tny hair myself. I shall not want you again to night.' The maid muttered some excuse, and 6till lin gered, She shivered with a nameless dread. She felt that there would be murder on her soul unlesB something wus done for Lady Natalie. ' Vyell, have I not told you to go,' tho ducheBS demanded. ' I am not well, your grace,' iVIHchell replied, ' bo you must excuse my awkwardness. I have hnd n fright while you wero ac dinner. I am sure I heard somebody sobbing and moaning a long way off.' ' What ?' Tho duchess sprang up and seized her wrists until they ached under the vice-like grip. ' You fool ! Ain I to be bothered in this way with your silly feirt,. If they over occur nguin, Mitchell, you bad better take them eleowherc.' Then she laughed hysterically, saying : ' There, go to bed, girl. I am sorry if I spoke unkindly, but I have a dread ot' the uncanny, and I have just been reading a silly ChriBtmas ghost story. Good night, Mitchell.' The maid retired, but not' to bed. She paced her room in an agony of doubt. ' I dare not face her,' she moaned. ' She would kill me. I know that she would do it in stantly, and explain that it was an accident. I have uteri it in her eyes. I have seen a pistol .in her hand more than once. I must go awuv and tell my story to the police. I dare not open my lips until then. I cuiraot see Natalie murdered — Btu#ed to death in that awful place 1' ' The hours passed, and at lust Mitchell hoard eome one in the passage without. It was the ducheBS. The maid watched her, and hope sprang into her heart. The duchess was currying wine and food. Lady Natalie would not die. ' No, I will koep quiet awhile,' Bhe thought. ' It will not lessen my power, and the duchess Bhall yet pay mo well — when I am fur away from here 1' Meanwhile Miriam was stealthily making her way to tho ruined wing. She was carrying wine and water and food to her prisoner. 'Once or twice she hesitated, to half turn back. Her imagination was not under control, and she dreaded some awful sight. 'She may be dead,' muttered the duchess. ' ft is so easy to die in aplaoe like that, and sometimes the rats grow over bold 1 Can I boar the sight-P She is Neville's sister | I cannot forgot that. If ahe lives, she shall either confirm or let tay sus picions die. I will make terms with hor t I will learn what I have to expect from this accursed Cyril Hatherley. And, if I am clever, I can make a .tool of the vicar to puniBh him. Then I am free 1' She paBsed through the various dusty, worm .oaten corridors, carefully closing and lockiug each door aftor her. Then at the last door of all Bhe paused to listen. There was not a sound within. Was it tho cunning of madness? or was the room beyond a chamber of death? Miriam turnod the key softly, then, with a fierce motion, puBhed open the door. Her teeth olinohed, Jier eyes blazed, and tho muscles of her body be came tense, like those of a tigress making ready to spring. But it was mere waste of nervous strength, for a streak of pale moonlight revealed her prisoner huddled up in a corner, and sleeping from exhaus tion. The duchess picked up 'the basket she had sot down in the doorway, and took therefrom a candle, whioh she lighted and btuok against the wall. Then she pushed her. basket aside, and waited a little while, listening to the stertorous breathing of the sleeping girl. 1 At last Miriam npproacbed her, stnmped loudly on tho floor, and Ludy Natnlio opened her oyes in terrified wondurmenb.-She pressed oi\o hand to her brow, then struggled weakly into _ an upright ?position, her whole nLtitude expressive of ablioi rence. ' So,' Bhe said, faintly, ' it is to you that this outrage is duo — you I Ha 1 How well I under stand its meaning, oruel woman ! Am I to go free now, or are you here to shoot or to stab me P' ' AH dopends. upon yourself, Lady Natnlio, Miriam hariihly replied. ' Have you not said and done suillaiont to madden mo to tho committal of any crime. You would part me 'from Brandon, whom I love with a love that you oan never under stand ! To Iobo him is a thousand deaths. Do you not believe me P All otlior ambitions aro dead. By 'his side I would bo content to walk-barefooted. In a moment of frorzy I chloroformed^ you and carried you bore. I am ready to relent it you will only give mo n promise, .si will rely upon your word, bo groat is my confidence in tho honour of the Nevilles.' Thero was a faint touch of soorn in hor voico but sho continued : ' No ono but myself dreams that you are hero, Lady Natalie. It is everywhere reported that you followed Lady Southfiold to 'Kent. There is no sonroh being mado, and none will bo made perhaps ...nnVo ' 'Then hero I am to remain 1' asked Natalie. ' That entirely depends upon your promise to jno. Tho quarters aro not oxnotly suited to a lady of luxurious tastes, but you havo sevoral spnnious rooms in whioh to porambulato. Two hundred ycnrB ago they aooouimodnted the family of the ' jailer of tho Tower. I only feared that the rats might scent, you, and tbey aro nob always amiably inclined. By this timo you havo discovered tho futility of soroamlng. Your voicc is hoarse, and will bo entirely ruined if yon do desist. You con never roach tho windows and your Augers are bleeding. All attempts to nttraot attention will ,lbo in vnin, for I hold tlio keys of ovory corridor be tween hero nud the oaoupied portion of tho Hall. I see that you realise this, and I will speak plainly. ' You have become friendly with a mao who hates . , me, nnd who is working for my ruin. Shall I tell ' ,you why P Beonuro ho onoe honored mo with hia . love, nnd I spurned him.' ' I do not believe you,' Natalie said, contemp tuously. ' Bollnvo mo or not, I nm Bpenlilng truth. Ho discovered mo here purely by accident, and in his malice han aomuicmcod a system of torture, Ho know my. famll.Vj and threatened to roveal Roaretn whioh may pre-judico ina in tho oyes of my tuturo husband. I feared that he had told you some var nished account of my mother's sin, and I booamd mad, Ludy Natalie— mad I Now your fnto is in ?your own hands, Promise iuu that you will, not ?reveal ono word of Hatherly's line, that you will go away with Ludy Southfield, and not Beo -my ?enemy again until I am married to Brandon, pro mine uie this, Lady Natnlio, and you nro froo; I ? 'Will put my trust in you, I have no fear that your word will-to brolcon, It will ho oasy to aooount for ?your proBonco here. You came, impelled by curiosity, and found tlio doornlo'sod upon you whon you tried to return. You fainted, and then I hoard .your orieo,' Natalie's oyos binned with soorn. ?' 'I cannot help admiring your ingoiiulby,' sho said. -'Now lufc mo nay that I do not bnlievo one word that you havo'told mo about Mr. Hnthorly. 1 1 havo heard a very different story from him, but ?fortho nalro of my family, lie does not wish to jnolto it public.' ? , ' A ud that story ,f' darnandod Miriam, eagerly. It In Borne miserable* supposition, I havo no .doubt.' , ' ' . „ ? ,, ' No, Miriam, JJuotwm or Lnicnwoou, ns you oau yourself, it is not. You are a murderess 1 ' No pro mine can I make io you, only that I will hand yon to iuatlan as conn as I gain my liberty.' Tho duchess sprang Iforward, her talon- Uko fin gers working convulsively, ' Curso you I ourso t ? vow 1' she hissed. 'You havo Bpokon your own cloom and hU / I 'hall coma hero no move! A hun dred Vears honoa your bones may be found. I ohall lmvo lived my Hfo then, and onjoyod It, Good-byo, Ludy Natnlio Nevlllo, I bollevo that .if you worn not wonltoiiod tlint you would fly at my throat! ' M?rlnm walked to the cnndlo Mint was sputtering ngntuat the wall! and snntohed Ki down. luon sua strode to the door) and waa gone, / Natalie honrrt thn koy turned' in fcli0 look, and Ihon the faotuOnpB diad awny, ' It is terrible,' the girl thought, ' to be im- ' prisoned here, but I shall not give up hope as long as I can pray to Heaven. Food, water, and wine:!' she cried hysterically, ' sufficient for several dayB 1 I Ehall be stronger to- morrow, and if my eaemy comes again, I will kill her— kill her, and eiicape !' CHAPTER XXXVI. '?I .KNOW WHERE YOUR WIPE IS !' Winfield was anxious to get through with Mr. Hatherly's work accurately and expeditiously. In hiB own mind the evidence against the ducHess of ?Lakowood was sufficiently conclusive, but it was a pleasure to obey- the man who had been so kind to him. By ten o'clock he was in tho picturesque market place of Derbytown, and his first act was to post to a London agent the advertisement concerning his wife. In some way he had great confidence in the result, and dwelt with satisfaction upon the meet ing between him and tbo good woman whoso life he had embittered by his criminality. ? He would make amends a hundred fold, and she Bhould havo a few yearB of perfect peace in some land where ho would bo safo. Sho need never know that the police were hunting him still. He went direct to tho studio of HopkinB, the photographer. It consisted of a dingy little front shop, and u lurge wooden structure behind, glassed over. ' Is Mr. Hopkins in ?' ho iiBked tho boy behind the counter. ' Yes, sir. Do you wish to see him P' ' If you please.' Tho boy disappeared behind a faded curtain, and in a few moments Mr. Hopkins stepped briskly from the back regions, with an eye to buBincBB, ' Can I have a few minutes' private conversa tion with you P' ABked Winfield. ' Yes, sir. Step this way,' I won't keep you loner. A detective is juBt looking over some por traits, and I think he's about through.' By this time the dingy curtain bad been raised, And Winfield was conscious of the detective's Bharn eyes being upon him. It was the same who had arrested him seventeen years ago, but he did not flinch. He knew that his diBguise was perfect, for one of the first artists of the day had fixed tho beard, whiskers, and moustache to his skin. ' Fine doy,' he said, pleasantly, as he sat down. The detective nodded, and turned his attention to the photographs again. ' Ceitain you never took Winfield, eh, Hopkins P' he asked, presently. 'Quite certain, if he gave his proper name. There's my books, with- a clean record for fiveand twenty years.' The detective uttered something that was not polite, adding : ' I Bhould know ray man if I see him, but I can't just call to mind his general characteristics. Seventeen years is a long time, and a good, many better and worse men than he have passed through my hands since thea. Good-morning, HopkinB.' He nodded at John Winfield, and passed out. ' Now, sir,' said Hopkins, 'I don't know whether or not you are a stranger in Derby,! (but there's quite a stir here about a convict who escaped long since, but has been seen somewhere around tho country.' ' ' Yes, I know all about it,' Winfield replied, ? quietly. 'Iam a detective myself, specially do tailed on the job. Look here, my man ! I want to know BOmething about an aetreBS named Pearl Winthrop, and will buy some of hor pictures at your own flguro.' He displayed some gold, and Mr. Hopkins at once became respectful. 'Certainly. I remember the lady,' he said. ?' Why, she disappeared Bome years since, and there was no end of talk. . She was married to an aotor named Arkwright, and be UBod to walk about with a loaded revolver in searoh of her. It mado quite a tragedian of him, and bo is a buccobs now. Rarely plays anywhere but at the Royalty, in this 'town. He is afraid to go away lest his wife return.' ?' And he believes that she will come baok P' ' He pretonds to, and declares that she !b being kept away againBt hor will.' Hopkins laughed. ' Everybody makes a joke of it, but I think that ho is a dangerous fellow.' ' , '' I may waht to see him. Where does he usually hang out P' .... ' He lives at a hotel opposite tho theatre, and loafs about the bar half his time. No trouble in finding him whon he's in town.' 'Thank you,' Winfield said, 'I'll buy half ail dozen of Poarl Winthrop's piotureB, if you have them. Havo you any of Miriam AnBtey P' 'Oh, yes; too many. Sho was never vory popular,' Hopkins replied, hurrying away. Winfield was somewhat taken back by the suc cess of his random question, and looked curiously at the pioture of Miriam Anstey. (To be continued.) 