HEALING BY FAITH. Ox Tuesday evening tlie largest assemblage of pe.iple ever gatherrd together in the local Bible Christian Church, assembled. There were a number of songs rendered by local amateurs who acquitted themselves most creditably, i.iu the undoubted attraction was Mis. Cory's thrilling story of her wondevinl experience of being healed by faith. Dr. Harbison occupied the chair. On rising, Mrs. Cory's manner immodiatly rivett»l tl.e nttcntinn of her very large audience. It wa« nut. she said, a lecture which she was going to give: it was only a storr—a simple story. Mrs. Cory then said that healing by faith could only be obtained through the Holy Ghost. At one period in their lives both herself and her husband were so smitten by disease that they were unable to do the slightest service for themselves, and were, therefore, under doctors' and nurses' care. Her own complaint was pronounced by many physicians to b« internal tumours, which developed into a mas# of cancerous growth, her body being swollen to an enormous extent, and so painful that she had not for months been able to bear her clothes on. Her husband was stricken with a spinal disease, which was caused by his slipping on a wet day when he was getting out of a buggy, and striking liis back on the stop of the vehicle. It was in the Chines Hospital where God first came to her, though she had always believed on Him. She had come to that institution not for her own benefit, but for her little son's. Whilst there she had a now bible belonging to one of her children that had never been used. Strang* to say that she opened that bible at the same place every day for a week. This was the chapter in which it was related that Christ healed a crooked woman. She thought much about the pas»ag«, and of the healing power of Christ, and read the story times out of number. God could have healed her then, but the Devil said, " What wiil you do when the pain returns And in consequence of this suggestion she went away from the hospital without being healed, for the thought never struck her that if God healed her, paiu would not return So small were the hopes entertained for the recovery of herself or of her husband, that the ministers had decided to send their seven children to Mrs. Corry's parents in England, when death should have claimed them She dreaded the parting so much that, when the time had come for them to he taken away, she could not bear to sav good-night to them for the last time. A friend asked her why she did not ask God to euro her. saying that He was as ready and willing to do it now as He was when lie performed the miracles recorded in the Itible, for God was unchangeable, He was ever the same. And, said Mrs. Carry, my friend was very enthusiastic about her story. A new feeling began to dawn upon me. and I realised that if God healed me, it would be a perfect healing—no nure doctors, no more medicine, for me, or for anyone else who believed ou Him and was healed. And while 1 was thinking about God, I made up my mind to put my case in His hands, and with a feeling of faith exclaimed " My Father, I believe !" and instantly the healing power went through me, with a feeling as though warm water had been sprinkled over me. So thorough was the transformation that I jumjied out of the bed, on which, a few minutes previously, I could scarcely bear to turn, and informed uiy husband what the Lord had done for me, and he exclaimed " Thank God !" 1 then informed the other inmates of the house of my wonderful recovery, aud went out into the street and told my friends the great and glorious news, some of whom must have thought I had goue a little " off," «o overjoyed was I that I laughed and cried in turns. Since that day I have never been ill, or even tired, although I do a lot of work. Indeed, 1 believe I do as much work as snv other two woman of my size in Victoria. (Laughter). To return to my husband He had been rapidly growing worse, and each side of his spine after an operation had been performed by the doctor, looked as if it had been burned, and his skiu peeled off like iluked oatmeal. Besides this he had a small tumor ou his ariu, and whilst waiting for the nnrs-> to come and dress it one day, he asked God to remove it, and IT IKSTAXTI.V ruSAl'l-EAREL. When the nurse arrived to attend to the wound and looked at Mr. Curv's arm, she exclaimed " Where is the tumour gjne ?" aud he replied TltK LORD TOOK IT A WAV. Needless to say the nurse w«s go much astonished that she could hardly realise i». After my own cure by (rod's grace, 1 persuaded mv husband to trust further in the Lord, referring him to a passage in the first epistle of James : " Are there any sick among yon," etc. My husband asked me to tike the plare of au elder, whieh I readily consented to do, and I anointed him"with oil. «nd knell down and prajed for him. He got ou. <.f i'c l after many months illness, dressed liimst-.f, knelt down, and played, lie th. n came out of the bedroom, and was met by his little son, who asked him if the doctor had told liim to get up. M r - Cory, -but God did." He then walked out in the street and was met by a friend, who thought tliat liis recovery was only to bo of a short duration, and said to him : " You aiv not lonp for this world, my friend." " Ah," ho replied, " I have a long time for this world yet, hut 1 will be longer in the next." Ever since that time Mr. (\iry had enjoyed perfect freedom from illness in any shape or form whatever. Tinny are hundreds, continued Mrs. Cory, praising God to-day for the hoiu'lits they have received from His Divine healing, and numerous names were mentioned by Mrs. Corry of those who had witnessed the effects of the healing, and who conld testify to the truth "f the story she told of her own or Mr. Cory's! miraculous recovery from, as it were, the verge of the grave. On concluding hef story, Mrs. . Cory was warmly applauded by those present. l»r. Harbison said he was much interested with the lady's address, and would confess that sometimes Providence took a case off the physician's hands. The programme, which was partly gone through before the lecture, was then brought to a close with songs, recitations, etc., and L>r: Harbison called on Mr. Clemens to move a vote of thanks to all who assisted to make the evening a success, which the rev. gentleman did in his usual hearty manner. expressing his gratitude to all for their help, but more especially t»» those >>f other denominations, who had assisted, by their presence and practical sympathy, throughout the movement. A nmulier of the ymuig ladies of the church had, by this time, prepared light refreshments for those who wished to stay and partake o[ them. Throughout the evening good order was observed, with tli<> ex ••••jit ion of some crushing bv a lot of I. MS about the door. Mrs. Cory's address must have been a source of pleasure to those who were so fortdnate as to bo in time to secure good seat-:. The realism with which she described her experiences helJ her listeners enthralled. 