Chapter XL.—' If He Slat Me, Yet tt m. ITupsrHm.' ' The first time Ruedon Clegg met Mary Talbot tace to face after his return was at the height of the terror that was devastating the village. It was in the twilight of a lovely June evening. Clegg had walked from his mother's cottage, on his way to visit Badford and his wife, both of whom were sick. The long village street was still as the grave. not a door was open. The roadway was green with weeds and grasses. Wild flowers de corated the footpaths by the roadside hedge and the walled-in gardens. It might have been a village of the dead. If on any day the people were atiring, they moved about like ghosts, or they were bringt-g out their dead. No grim signs of black flags or outward maxim on door-posts, signalled the infected houses. It was as if the entire street was sicklied o'er with come fatal legend of death. On thiB sum mer evening not a soul was abroad. Nor was there, anywhere, the cheerful or solemn augury of a light in any window. Away on the tide of the distant hill, where the Old Hall had been wont to show its illum inated windows, only the shadowy outlines of the place could be seen. 1 he StaffordBrad shawes bad left the village in the very first week of the distemper. They and their friends, and their servants, and the stranger within their gate?, had fled before the pesti lence, never to return ; and while the humble cottage of Vicars, where they unpacked ZOetto's fatal gift, btii! stands, to bear historic witness of ?he troth of the Martyrdom of Eyam, with other relics that need no monuments to keep the story living, the Old Hall is a heap of ruin and forgetfulaess The village forge no longer blazed upon the hillock, and even the birds were silent Mothing lived, as it seemed to Clegg by any token that appeared, except a few weird bats that mocked the flight of the absent swallows ; for thote guests of summer had, strange to aay, deserted their favourite haunts in the village, as if the air no longer commended itself, nor ' smelt wooingly/' as it was accustomed where Banqua noted its charac teristics to Duncan aa they entered Macbeth 's castle. There was Dot a single sign of health or mirth, or even peace, for the very silence was threatening. If a whisper utirred, it might have been the passing of some immortal soul to its long account. And when Clegg observed a figure coming towards him from the direction of the Rectory, he w&a; conscious of a strange sense of amazement. It was a hooded figure, and it came down the road as if it glided over the grass, and brushed the wayside flowers with its trailing garments. Coming to where Cl£gg had paused, it pushed back its hood. andloTit waVMary Talbot I She crossed his path where the village street branches offto the glen whence he had earned her home on that fatal night by My L*dys ' Fam glad to see you again, Master Clege,' ahe said, patting ont her hand, u one may say one is glad at anything in these He took her hand with a tremblingjsfrasp, and held in for a little while, as he aril^d with suppressed emotion. ' Thank yon, inad*une.n He would have Eaid Madame ZOetto, but the name of the dead man stuck in his throat ; and despite the deadly atmosphere of the village and aU itt woes, bis heart beat fast with the emotion of bygooe days when his love for the woman wu beyond words. ' Von have often been in my thoughts, and it nigh broLe my heart when they condemned yon; God and I tnew that you were '? Thank you, MUa Talbot,' he said, for the old days came back to-faim, before the shadow of Ziletto fell upon Eyam. 'I hope your father is well-11 It was a very commonplace remark. Lot he thought of nothing else to Bay. ' Yes ; he does not complain. He would like to tee you at the Manor House ; will you 'Nay; I fear it would be wrong to enter a uoninf ected house. ' ' We believe in the Divine Mercy, and that, for some wise purpose, God has made a sign upon the lintel of our doorway; pecadventnre, that we are chosen to be useful to the stricken, we seem to have been miraculously sured.' 'I will come,' said Eenben; 'it will be a comfort to meet folk who do not think me a ' It will help my father, and give ns all fresh courage, to see you once more beneath oar roof,n she answered. fle made no repv, but only looked at her wonderingly and tried to keep back bis tears, the first he had shed so long as he could remember, ^nd ahe paued on her way, leav ing him standing in the road. They met again en the nert day, at the Bectory, in coosnltation with Mr. and Mrs. Mompesson, Mr. Stanley, and Sir George Talbot; Mary Talbot, not the least Bell possessed of any of them, accepting the humblest and most trying work that could be allotted to her, Sir George permitting her to run any and every risk that she courted. Inspired by the example and precepts of Mompesson, Sir George had uo fear. He opposed the Plague with the sword of dnty. He felt that he was the chief of the village, and that no harm could come to the eaptain any more than Mompesson or Stanly could be smitten while they were engsged in the absolutely necessary work of their profession. He snrpriaed Clegg with his faith, and Mary Talbot awed him with her strange angelic beauty. The ' cordon sanitaire' had been religiously maintained. At the place where in ancient days there had been an oater gate of the village, men and women took their turn to stand sentry over the valley ; and food was brought tocertain points of thcimaginary wall, that had for landmarks certain cra£& and rocks and water- ways. It was now resolved to dose the Church and hold the Krvicea in the open air. Reuben Clegg commended this precaution ; however much they prayed, whatever their faith, it was well to avoid bringing the people together in a confined atmosphere. Both Me MoEpesson and Mr. Stanley noted without comment the overt cynicism of Clegg's remark ; but Mary Talbot looked at him with beseeching eyes, and when he went home that day he talked a long while with bit mother about her faith. She told him the story of Peter's imprisonment and release, and how, when he appeared at the boose of Mary, the mother of John, they thought it was his angel ; and how Longataffe had told her that when he, Reuben, entered Radford's house, each man thought it was his ghost ; and bow she was not surprised, and knew him for him self when he walked through the meadow and up the little garden-path and took her into his arms. It was wonderful how qnietly Eenben sat and listened to her. He could not deny that his escape had been little leas than miraculous, considering that he had literally passed through the prison yard in presence of the sentries, who thought be was one of the officials or visitors. And waa it not the hand of God, she asked, that, still holding him from arrest, had made him His agent among the stricken of the village ! And did he not owe it to God to humble himself before His throne with a grateful heart ? That night Clegg knelt beside his mother in prayer, and said Amen to her simple peti tion ; but deep down in bis heart the motive of this complaisance waa his love for Mary Talbot, and a desire to come nearer unto her in thought ; for it seemed to him that she suffered for hie hardness towards the Faith. Her look of appeal haunted him. It surely expressed more than a common interest in him. She had looked into his eyes with a meaning that wars not a rebuke but an appeal, and an appeal that was sympathetic, almost tender. He could see her face in his mind as he walked homewards, and be found him self speaking alood as he wandered out of his right path and climbed the higher edge of the table-land above his cottage. ?? Oh, God,' he said, ' if it might be !' and for the first time for years bis beart was in the cry. It waa no mere exclamation ; it wati a prayer ; but the next moment he sbuddered at it, as if he had outraged tbe poor suffering souls in the village at hU feet; as if bb thoughts of love, the faintest dream of happiness, were an infamy while on erery hand his feltow- viUagere were passing into the Valley of the Shadow of Death. Nevertheless, such is the overwhelming strength of human love that he could not resist a tenor of hope, that gave him in tbe rntnre the companionship of tbe only woman As hil voice pierced the stDl air, a star J& what he could do t»bewort*y of wch an anreer to his crjr a» h« jainUS '?«*«[ would ask for him. knowing ; htt ??*»??'* his only smbMon in life. And now a dark ness fell upon his soul, and the stars, .she thought, disappeared. He wu f00800'' SaTif there ^wasTccd. he was trying* make a bargain with Him ; 'h¥'d^Ilo'»«-e^ in his spoken words, but in his thoughts. II he coulTbe assured of the reatotion of bw desire, he would believe anything, be «ny thinB7 accept any creed. & TO M ^ ^ tempted him to a profanity that was -l«flfh. He suddenly knew that his mother, at that moment, was praying for tarn: and her sadden inBuence seemed to inspire his *x cUmations; 'Get thee behind me, Satan . and ' Lord, forgive me, and count tt to my ignorance that I am what I am ! _ Presently the stare came out again, and he descended the hf£i and made *i« way to the cottage where the lamp of love «hone out against the whispering elms ; and as it came Lfright, he minted with his desire to do Mmetbiug thaTiaigbt win Mary Talbo rt approval a longing to be reconcOfd with Mompesson and Stanley, and to come within the STof his mother's faith, and be as worthy of hii narrow escape from an infamous death as be was innocent of tbe crime tor which he bad been condemned. And as the days pused he gradually found a strange new comfort in his mother's example of forSrnde, and in her perfect immunity from sickness. She vowed ahe bad never been so strong in ber life. He no longer wondered at her faith ; be found it beautiful. Whether ft was, as Mrs. Clegg believed, that her son'a conscious heart bad been man fully toncbed by the Holy Ghost, or whether it waa the gentle infinence of Mary Talbot and his yearning to be acceptable in hersignr, it is hard to say; but torn day to day he became more and more tolerate of prayer and supplication. He no longer debated with the two clergymen, and he had secretly found solace in prayer. He did not ask anything of God, but he volunteered vows of manliness, of humility, pledges of penitence for faults of word or deed, and tendered, with humility, his gratitude that he had been permitted to live through his trouble and to come back home when he conld be of use lotus neigh bours and by way of an answer to his mother'j prayers. Then, for the first time, he began to fear that he might be taken ; and be spoke of his peril to Sir George. Strange as it may seem, the chief authorities knew nothing of - Uegg*a retnrn to Eyam. The mountain village was entirely cot off from the world. It was a community apart. -Lepeu, on some remote island of tbe aea, conld not nave Deen though it was present in almost every house, that the passing away of the Rector's wife, in her twenty-seventh year, did not send a thrill of anguish through many a breast. Ab bia servants led the widowed husband away from the conch of death, he turned and sobbed, 'Farewell ! farewell !all happy days 1' And William and Mary Howitt aay there ii nothing more bathetic in literature than tbe Rector's letters to bis children, George and KUzibeth, announcing to them the doleful news of their dear mother's death, which are to be found in Mr. William Wood's brief bnt most impressive '? History of Eyam and the Great Plague.' With the death of Mrs. Mompenon all hope went out of the heart of the mountain village. Deapair made itself heard. Hitherto the people had suffered in silence, now they cried to God fur mercy. Their voices were, heard in the streets. The sufferers no longer endured their pain with courage, their moans were manifest in every house nnon which Death had put his silent seal The meseengers, who went out to tbe signal points for food, returned with sullen dejected faces. The persons of the outer work), who'e dnty it was to deposit the village rations, hurried away from the spot, scared and fearfuL Everybody now looked for death. It was the month of August, 1666. The days of the annual Wake had returned. People remembered now how gay a time it had been the year previously ; and there were those who saw in the Plague a punishment for that past guety. But Mompesson and Stanley both presented the terror from an entirelv dificrent view, finding in it still reason for paaence, opening beaven to the dead, and bidding the living to be of good courage. On Sunday the service was now held in a pulpit as if hewn from the rock, and which to tins dayi, called Cncklet Chirch. TbiUie? -*n.t the attenuated floct, each man, woman an^chdd standing and praying. ^rTfronX Oe£ 'Jrt8^ Wfd '''P'?. «th Reuben Clegg and his mother among the rest, Msrv Talbot and ber father conspicnouT for^he earless way in which theTwent among 