:. If Sill FAMILY. CHAPTER V— (Continued). ? For a moment Rose did not see him; her father's large proportions, riB ho took her in his arras and kissed her, overshadowed every ono else. 'How ray little Rose has grown!' the captain said, looking at hor fondly ; ' as plump as a partridge and as rosy as hornamp. Sir Ronald — my daughter Rose.' Roso bowed with finished grace, thinking, ?With a profound Hen no of tlisannnintmnnt, ? ? ' What an ugly little man P' ' Then it wbb Enny's turn, and presently they wore all seated at the table — the baronet iit Kato'B right hand', talking to her of Old England, and of by-gone days, and of people tho rest know nothing about. Captain Dan ton gallantly devoted himself to the othdr throe, and told thorn ho had brought them all pro sonts from Montreal. , 'Oh, papa, have.you, though ?'. cried Rose. 'I dearly love presents; what have you brought me?' . ' Wait until after dinner, Iittlo curiosity,' saiu nor ratner. ' liracie, whom do you think I mot in Montreal ?' ' 1 don't, know, sir.' ' Why, that brother of yours. I was loitering along tho Ohampdo Mars, when who should Htep up but Dr. Frank. Wasn't I \- astonished! I asked what brought him there, ; and ho told mo ho found St. Oroix so slow he . ' .couldn't Btand it any longer. Complimentary -' to you yonng. Indies.' i .Kato gave Roso a mischievous look, and / Rose bit hor lip, and tossed back hor auburn Z1 eurls. /' 'I dare sny St. Oroix and its inhabitants J can survive tho loss,' she said, ' Papa, tho noxt timo you go to Montreal, I want you. to take mo. ' It's a long timo since I have boon bhore.' 'I thought you wore going back to Dttawa,' said Grace, 'You seem to have Eorgotton all about it.'-. .?_??.. . Roso gayo her an alarmed look ; and find ing a gap in tho tete-a-tete between her sister and Sir Ronald, struck smilingly hr. Ho was small and ho was homely, but ho was a baronet and worth eight thousand a year, and Rose brought all the battery of hor charms to boar, In#vain. Sho might as well have tried 6 fascinate 1 ono of tho gnarled old tamaracks out of doors. Sir Ronald was utterly inson riblo to her brightoRt smiles and glancos, to lior rosiost blusheB and most honoyod words. Ho listened politely. Ho answered1 .courte ously ; but ho was no mora fascinated by Daptain Dantdn's secohd daughter than ho was by, Captain Danton's housokoopor. Roso was disgusted, and rotrcatod to a jornor with a book, and sulked. Grace, Kato; and Eony, who all Baw through tho Iittlo jjamo, woro exceedingly amused, ' I told yon it waa of no uso, Roso,' said [fate, in a whisper, pausing at tho corner. 'Do you. always road with tho book upside lown r Sir Ronald is made of flint, whore j pretty girlB arb ooncornod. You won't bo ; my lady' this timo.' 'Sir Ronald is a stupid stick !'\ retorted | Rose. ' I wouldn't marry him if ho woro a lukp .instead of a baronet. Ono couldn't jxpoot anything bettor from a Scotchman, though.' - . ? . ?'It was the first oxporionco Kate had had of Rose's temper. Sho drow back now, troublod. ?;,('T hope wo will not bo troubled with 'him long,' continued Roso, spitefully. 'Tho place wan stupid enough boforo, but it will bo' wiorso with that , sulky Scotchman prowling about. ? I triod to bo civil to him this ovoning. [shall nevor'try . ngain.V ,- With which Miss Rose closed hor lips, and rolapsotl into hor book, supromoly indifferont bo' hor siHtoi''s heightened colour and flashing oyos, Sho turned away in silence, and [if toon minutes after Robo got up and loft tho room,' without saying good-night to any ono. 1 Robo kept her word. From that ovonhig sho was never civil to tho Scotch baronet, and book ovory ooonsion to snub him. But her Incivility wob as oomplotolr thrown away as lior charms hnd boon. It is doubtful whether 3ir Ronald ovor knew ho was snubbed ; and Kate, sooing: it, Ismilod to horsolf, and was friends ,with offo(iidod' Roso onco moro. 31io and . tho baronot woro . on tho bost of tormB ; ho was always willing to talk to' lior, always ready to bo nor osoort when sho walked of rodo, abrayn on hand to turn hor music, and listen ontranend to hor Ringing. If, it was not'n flirtation, it was somothing vory [ike it, and Rose was nowhoro, Sho lookod on with indignant oyefl, and rovongod herself; to tho best of hor pnwor by fiirting* in hor him with tho Rovorond Augustus Oiaro. _ 'Ho's nothing bnt a ninny I' sho'nnid to Grnoo j ' and has his oyos.for uo ono bntKate. Oh, how I wiflh my darling Julos woro horo, or ovon yonr brothor, Grace— ho was bettor than no ono I' .. ,. , ?-? '.My brothor is vory much obliged to yon I' vl '.You talk to mo of my flirting propon »itAoB,' continued tho oxasporated Roso. 'I fihould like to know what you call Kate's con duct with that Iittlo Scotchman.' ' . ' Friendship, lhy doar,' Graoo answorod, xopvoHHing a smilo. ' Romombaiy thpy havo known oncli other fnv years.' 1 ' Frioiulnhip. Yos i it would bo lioartloss coquetry if it woro I. I hopo Lioutonant ' .Uogiimld Stanford, of Stanford Royals,, will like it whon ho ooinofi. Sir Ronald Koith is «Tor head and oars .in lovo 'with hor, and bIw knows it, and is. drawing him 011. A ' nun-o eold-bloodod flirtation no ono over mvr ! ' Noimcnso, Bouo I It- only a friendly i jntimaoy'l' ;*.?,??'??? - - But Rose, unable to stand this, bounced out of 'the room in a passion, and sought consola tion in her pet novels. Kate and. Sir Ronald wore certainly very much together; but, notwithstanding their intimacy, she found time to devote two or three hours every day to Mr, Richards. Rose's mystery was her mystery still. Sho could got no further towards its solution, Mr. Richards might have been a thousand miles away, for all any of tho household saw of him; and Graco, in tho solitude of her own chamber, wonde'red over it a good deal of into. She sat at her window ono December night, puzzling herself about it, Kato had not come down to dinner that dny — she had dined with tho invalid in his rooms. When she had entered tho drawing-room, about nine o'clock, she looked pale and anxious, and was absent and distrait all tho evening. Now that tho house was still, and all were in their rooms, Graco was wondering, Was Mr. Richards worse ? Wlw. tlinn. did tlinv nnf, null in a doctor ? Who could he bo, this sick, stranger, in whom father and daughter were so inter ested ? Graco could not sleep for thinking of it. . Tho night was mild and bright, and she arose, wrapped a lprge Bhawl around hor, and took . hor seat by tho window. How still it was, how solemn, how peaceful ! Tho full moon Bailed through thodeep-bluo Bky, silvor wJu'te, crystal-clear. Numberless stars shone bright and cold.; the trees sto6'd like grim, motionless sentinels, 'guarding Danton Hall. Tho village lay hushed in midnight repose ; tho tall cross of tho Catholic and the lofty spire of the Episcopal church, flashed in tho moon's rays. Rapid river and Bluggish canal glittered in tho silvery light. Tho night was noiseless, hushed, beautiful. 1 'Wo/ not noiseless. A step crunched ovor the frozen snow ; from under tho still shadow of the trees a moving shadow camo. A man, . wrapped in a long cloak, and with a fur cap down over his eyes, came round the angle of the building and began pacing up and down tho terrace. Grace's heart stood still for an instant. Who -was this midnight walkor ? . Not Sir Ronald Keith watching his lady's lattice — the figure was too tall for him. Not the captain— tho cloaked figure was too slight. No ono Graco knew, and no ghost ; for ho stood still an instant, lighted a cigar, and re sumoci ins waiic, smoKing. .tie nau loitered up and. down tho terrace for about a quarter of an hour, when another figure camo out from the shadows and joined him. ' A woman, this time, with a shawl wrapped around her,' and a white oloud on hor head. Tho moonlight foil full on her face — paloand beautiful, Grace could hardly repress a cry— it was Kate Danton. Tho smoker advanced. Miss Duuton took his arm; and together they walked up and down, talking earnestly, Onco or twice Kato looked up at the dar kenod windows ; but tho watcher was not ? to bo seen, and thoy walked on. Half an hour ; an hour passed ; tho hall clock etrnck one, and then tho two midnight pedestrians disap peared round the corner and were gono. The moments passed, and still Grace sat wondering, and of hor wonder finding no end. What did it mean ? . Who was the man with whom tho proudest girl the sun ever shono on walkod by stealth and at midnight ? Who was ho ? Suddenly, in tho silence and darknosn of tho coming morniug, a thought struck her that brought' tho blood to hor. faco. 'Mr. Riolmrds.' Sho clasped her hands togethor, Convic tion as positivo as certainty thrilled1 along every norvo. Mr. Riohards, the recluse, was. the midnight walkor — Mr. Richards, who was no invalid at all ; and who, shut up all ' day, camo out in tho dead of night, when the household were asleep, to take the air in tho grounds. There, in the solemn hush of her room, Roso'b thoughtless words camo back to hor like a revelation, ' ' ' Whero there is soorooy there is guilt.' , When tho family mot at breakfast Grace lookod at Kato with a now interest. But the quiet fa'oo told nothing ; sho was a Iittlo' pale; but tho violot eyes wore as starry,.' and tho smilo, as bright as over. Tho English mail had come in, and letters for her and horfathor1 lay on the table. There was ono, in a*' bold, masoulino hand, with a coat-of-arms on tho seal, that brought tho rosy blood in an instant to hor face. Sho walked away to one of tho windows, to road it by herself. Graoo, watched tho tall, slondor figure curiously.1 She was beginning to be a mystery to hor. ' ' Sho ia on tho best, of terms with Sir Ronald Keith,' sho thought; 'sho. moots somo man by night in tho grounds, and, tho sight of thiB handwriting brings all the blood in hor body to hor faco. I suppose sho loves him ; and I BiippoBO ho loves hor. I wonder what ho would think if ho know what I know P' . . Tho moi'ning mail brought Rose a lottor from 'Ottawa, which sho devoured with avidity, and;flbui'iBliod before Grace's oyos. ! ' Alovolottor, Mistress Grace,' sho said,. ' My darling Jules ib dying to havo. rao baok. I moan to nsk papa to lot mo go. It is: as dull as a monastery of lift Trappo hero,' ,, : ' What's tho riows from England, KatoP' askod hor father, as, thoy sat down to table. . , Tho rosy light was at its brightest in Kate's faco, but Sir Ronald lookod as black as a thundor cloud, ' Everybody is well, pnpa,' . ? '; Satisfactory, but not explanatory. Bvory body uioans tho good people at Stanford Royals',. I suppose' ? ' Yes, papa.' * .'.WhoroisRoginald?' ,t ? ' At Windsor. But his rogimont is ordorod to Irolarid.' 'To Ireland! Thou* ho can't oomo ovor this winter P' ' I don't know. Ho may got leavo of, abBonco.' 'Ihoposo — Ihoposo. Capital follow, is Reginald. Did you boo him boforo you loft England, Sir Ronald P' ' I' mot Lioutonant Stanford at a dinner parly tho 'wouk I loft,' said Sir Ronald, Btillly— so stiffly that tho subject wus dropped at onoo. , 1 Aftor breakfast Captain Danlou rotirod to his study to answer his lottery arid Sir Ronald and Kato started for thoir morning rido Heroes tho , country. Sho had invited Roso to accompany thorn, , and Roso had rathor sulkily doolinod, Oh, no,' Btioorod tho sooond Miss Dauton. j'l might bo, de iron. , Sir Ronald Koith's rather a. stupid, cflvahor, ? I profor staying at homo ; I thank you.' ' ' l 'As you 'ploaso,' Kato said, ami wont off to dross, Roso got a novel, and sat down at tho upper half window to mope and road, Tho morning, was dark and overpast, tho leaden sky threatened snow, and tho wailing December wind was desolation itself. The* house was very still ; faint and far off the' sounds of Eeny's piano could be heard, and now and then a door somewhore opening and shutting. Ogdon camo from Mr, Richards' apartment, locked tho door after him, put tho key in his pocket, and went away. Rose dropped her book, and sat gazing at that door — that Bluebeard's chamber — that living mystery in their common-place Canadian homo. While sho looked at it, somo ono enme whistling up the stairs. It was hor Tather, and ho stopped at sight of hor. ' You here, Rose, my dear ; I thought you had gono out riding with Kdto.'\ ; ' Kate doesn't want me, papa,' roplied Rose, with a French shrug, ' She has com pany sho likes bettor,' . ' ' What, Sir Ronald I Nonsense, Roso I Kate is ir SRonald's very good friend — noth- jufj uiurq. - Rose gave another shrug. , ' Perhaps bo, papa. It looks like flirting, but appearances aro doceitful. Papa I' ' Yes, my dear,' .'-,.- 'I wish you would' let 'mo1 ^b'^back to Ottawa.' ' To Ottawa ! Why, you only loft it the other day. Why do you want to go back to Ottawa Y' ' It's so dull horo, papa,' answered Robo, fidgeting with hor book, ' and I had suoh a crood time there. I shall die of the dismals in this noiise Dotoro tne winter is over. ' Then wo must try and enliven it up a little for you. What would you_ like — a house-warming ?'.'.,' ?'.Oh, papa! that would bo delightful.' ' All right, then, a house-warming it shall bo. Wo must speak to Grace and Kate about it; hold a council of war, you know, and settle preliminaries. I can't spare my little Rosie just yet, and lot hor run away to Ottawa.' ?':.'? ' Robo gave him a rapturous kiss, and Cap tain Danton walked away, unlocked thegreon baize door, and disappeared. When Kate came back from hor ride, Rose informed hor of her father's proposal with sparkling eyes. Kate listonod quietly, and made no objection ; neither did Grace ; and so the matter was decided. Rose had not timo to bo lonely after that. Her father gave her carte beanche in tho matter of dress and ornamont, and 'Miss Rose's earthly happiness was complete. She and Kate and Graco wont to Montroal to make the necessary purchases, to lasso dress makers, and fetch them back to St. Oroix. ' I know a young, woman I think will suit you,' said Ma'am Lodru, tho cook. ' Sho is. an excellent dressmaker, very poor, and quite willing, I am sure, to go into tho country. ? Her name is Agnes Darling, and sho lives in the Petite rue do Saint Jacques.' Roso hastened to tho Potitp ruo de Saint Jacques at onco, and in . a small room of a tenement house found tho seamstress ; - a Iittlo, palo, dark-oyed, dark-haired creature, with a face that was a history of trouble, though hor yoars could not havo numbered twenty. Thoro was no difficulty in ongaging hor ; she promised to bo ready to rbtiirn with thorn to St. Oroix tho following morning. '...'.'-. ' They onl v spent two days in tho oity, and were, , of course, very busy all tho timo. Graco took a few moments' to try and find hor brother and failed. He was not to bo hoard of at his oustomasy address ; ho had been talking of quitting Montroal, thoy told hor thero,; probably ho had done so. , ,:(2'o bo Continued.) 