SPORTING. The topic of conversation in sporting circles on Monday afternoon was the enquiry con ducted by the A.R.C. Stewards in reference to the motest lodced aarainst The Troian in the A.R.C. Steeplechase and the charge of malpractice against Sydney Ferry in connec tion with that race. It will be remembered that when tbe first investigation was held on the Old Course the Stewards of the Adelaide Racing Club did not disturb tho Judge's verdict, but disqualified young Ferry for twelvo months on the ground that he had struck Confidence with his whip. On the matter being reported to the S.A..T.C. they ordered that the suspension should be held in abeyance until r.ftcr January 1, because Ferry was not present to cross-examine witnesses, and at a later date the premier tribunal referred the case hack to the A.R.C. Stewards for rehearing. Tho investigation was ac cording reopened by the latter lioay on Friday last, on which occasion a very lar^c nunibor of witnesses were callod on liehalf of Ferry to show that he did not strike Confidence with his whipasallcged. Thehcaringwxsthonadjourncd until yesterday afternoon, when the Stewards of the A.R.C. were engaged for over a couple of hours in discussing the question. At the close ot their deliberations the follow ing otticial findincr was handed to tho Press:— *' It was deciacd to dismiss the protest, and, as tho evidence in relation to the charge of mal practice against Sydney Ferry is of a conflict ting nature, to give the said Sydney Ferry tho benefit of the doubt, and dismiss the charge.' The Melbourne Cup winner Auraria, who is looking the picture of health, h;w been taken in hand by the Hill Brothers with a view to being prepared for her engagements in the autumn. The daughter of Trenton— Aura will not. however. l» ready to represent Mr. David -fiimcs at the V.K.C. Autumn Meeting in March. Talivsin, who has been enjoying a spell at Kapunda. was brought to town on Saturday ana will be put into work again by the Hill Brothers. The Nautilus— Ursula gelding is lookiug very well. .Musgo by Malua— Kama has been taken in hand by F. Musgrove at Caulfield. Tho Australian Steeplechaser Dairaio was amongst the starters in the Weald Handicap Steeple run at Lingfield on Saturday, but the Graud National Steeplechase winner could get no nearer thau third. Tho death of the racehorse Hohart is re ported from Tasmania. He was by Euclid Patchwork, and won the Brighton (Tasmania) Plate on January 1, 1S0G, and the Birthday Handicap run at the Brighton -Meeting in May. The S.A.J.C. Committee at their meeting on Monday voted £3 each from the Distressed and Disabled Jockeys' Fund to tho jockeys H. Holmes and T. Barnes, who met with slight accidents during the recent meetings. Tho racehorses Ola, Orb, Hear Hear, The Ghost, Glowworm, and Lurline will be offered for sale to- day by Messrs. Barker Brothers. 