fflta&ELLANBOQg.; : the laurel lodge mystery. Tbb following ia a perfectly plain and traightforward acconnt of tho outcome of a discussion which took placo at Arthur Rivoradale's dinner - table a little before Christmas lost year. I, the writor of this aocount, am a sceptic in all matters pertam- ipg to things uncanny. That certain cases dp from time to time occur for which modern BOience can find no adequate explanation is undoubtedly a fact — mental telepathy, for instance, and such-like phenomena. But that all these matters, far from being unna tural or superhuman, are the result of those more subtle laws of Nature which Western science refuses to recogDiso, I am firmly con- Yinced. In the account which follows I have taken the utmost pains to find out the wholo truth, and to give as nearly as possible Halford's own impression of what occurred during tho tame he passed at Laurel Lodge. It is far hoyond my power to attempt in any way to explain the matter. Rtversdale's uncle, the originalowner of the . property, passed most of his early life in what were then comparatively unknown parts of Central India. Bllversdale himself told me he had heard his uncle had been notorious for the extreme brutalitv with which he had treated the natives under him, And in an old diary he had come across was v the account of a raid on one of the native 'villages, in which his uncle in wanton fury ; killed with his own hand, an old Buddhist <; priest, . and that he had been cursed for so doing. Riversdale's uncle died raving mnd at Laurel Lodge, and since then three other . ' . people, at long intorvals of time, had also been driven temporarily insane while staying in the house. The only possible explanation that occurs to me is, that there may be some connection between the murder of tho old Indian priest, and the fate which seems to overshadow this otherwise commonplace house. That the educated Orientals have a greater under- .. , .standing of the secret forces of nature, and > .the. laws which govern them, than Europeans, there is no doubt ; and that certain of them can make their influence felt at enormous distances has also been fairly proved. An .explanation based on this line of argument put into words would, to our more mutter-of- fact minds, seem absurd. .1 therefore meroly indicate these facts for .what they may be worth, and leave each ono to form his opinion as best hogmay think fit. On the evening to which I alluded in the abovo note, a party of men were sitting round the dinner-table. The conversation bad turned on matters super natural, and someone raised tho question of the Laurel Lodge mystery. As I previously stated, Laurel Lodge was the property of Rivers- dale, the host. An expression of annoyance and distaste passed over his face, and he tried to turn the conversation ; but the men round him, who were eager to hear the story first, pestered him with questions. He refused to be drawn, however. ' If yon want to find it out, one of you should go and sleep there,' ho retorted. 1 1 slept there once, and the memory of that night is not sufficiently pleasant to talk about. I am not exaggerating when I say that nothing in tho world would induce me to repent the experiment. And whut is more, I will bet any man in tho room £50 ho won't sleep thore by himself for more than two nights.' An amused Btnilo passed over the face of tho other men. Most of them were younger, and necessarily better informed on all such matters, natural or supernatural. ' My dear chap,1 said Halford, 1 you rrally don't mean to say you saw a real, genuine, old-world ghost 1 How refreshing it must have been, in this tired period of New Women, to come across ono of thoso vory beautiful, white, wailing creatures who wring +ltoiv hando Ann nflfnrrl nnnh nmnla nmnlnw. mont for novelists of tho early Victorian period.' Riveisdale scowled. The Eubject was very distasteful to him, but it wns still morn hnte- ful to be laughed at. And he had lost his temper slightly. ' I will bet you £50.' ho repeated, 1 that you won't sleep there lot two consecutive nights.' The others looked at liirn, surprised at tho evident annoynnce of a man usually so quiet and self-possessed, whilst Halford made a note of the bet. Rivorsdale appeared to hesitato, and regained his self-control. You had better not go on with this very foolish nffair,' lie snid, seeing he wns being taken seriously, 1 In fact, to tell the truth, I would rather you did not. Of course, I have made the bet., but 1 would rather hand you over tho £50 down, on condition that you give up tho idea.' 'Oh, no,' answered Halford, 'that is not good enough. I have accepted your bet, and if I draw back now it will look as if I really bolieved that there was something uncanny about the place. Come along, you follows. I want you to draw up the conditions of tho wager.' The othero laughed and nodded approval. ' Look hore,' suggosted Anstruthor. ' You bad better all come and dine with mo tho night sftor tho sonnce, and Halford hore shall tell us weird tales of the spirit-world. He | can lie really beautifully when he gives his j mind to it.' Rivcrsdaln started un in bin nlnnn. bin even blazing and his faco drawn and white witli anger. 'You fools,' Bhoutnd. 'You laugh and ' sneor, and make wretched, feeble joktiB about a matter you none of you understand. Good j heavens. You haven't any of you e von the ' vaguest notion of tho horror you jeBt about. ; Forgive me,' bo went on more quietly. ' I j have spoken roughly, but this is n subject on which I feel most strongly. It is true, in n thoughtless moment, I proposed the bet. As , far as that part is cnncorned, you shull have | a ohequo for £50 this ; but I wish to good ness you would jet the matter drop. If you don't, I call on you all to witness that I will have nothing more to. do with it. As I told you, I onco slept there myself. You know j . that my nerves aro pretty strong, and that I am not what is called an imaginative men, yot since that nigh' I li ve never sliqir vi'h- , put m lighted candle by ujy badaide. if I were to awake and find myself in tho dark, the horror of it would all coma back to me, and I believe I should go mad.' His voice dropped to a harsh whispor, In spite of themselves the others were impressed. Thore was something uncomfortable in the man's emotions, and, perhaps, in the minute or two of silonco which ensued, tiicy ensued, they would have been williug to have taken Hiversda'.o's ndvice. Each man glanced furtively at hiB noighbour, and then, as by comwon consent, they all tnrned towards Halford. Ho was sitting bolt upright in his chair, his mouth slightly open, his eyes staring into space with a fixed, unseeing glance, unconscious of his surroundings, ono band convulsively clutching his glass. No ono spoko. Riversdale, who, after sitting down again, had kept his eyes fixed on his plato, glanced up, astonished at tho long Bilcncc. 1 Good heavens,' ho muttered, catching sight of Halford's face. And without another word he ataggerod out of tho room trembling. The slender stem of the wineglass snapped tho pressure of Halford's fingers. Ho blinked at tho light, and the pupils of his eyes regained their normal sizo. 1 How clumsy of mo,' ho said, in a sleepy tone1 ' All right, Anstruther. I will dine with you all, and give you the benefit of my imagination. Hallo! whero's Riversdale 1' bo uroae on. No ono answered, and Halford, without taking any further notice of his host's absence, filled a tumbler with champagne, and tossed it off. ' Look here,' he went on, more in his usual voice, ' to-day is Friday, and to-mor row I am busy; but on Sunday I'll go go down to Laurel Lodge, and on Tuesday, at eight sharp, I will dine with you nt Anstruther's. Now, then, drink success to my eutorprise.' Mechanically tho7rest filled their glasses, and drank. Halford rose from the tadlo. ' Tell Riversdale I bad to go in to the Maxwells',' he said, nodding good night to the other men. ' We shall meet again early on Tuesday- eight sharp. Don't forget.' There was a short pause. The muffied slam of the front door echoed through the house and he was gone. At ten o'clock on the Monday following Halford wus sitting in li is temporary bed room at Laurel Lodge, writing letters. The room was an ordinary old-fualiioned room, with small pnned windows, low ceiling, with queer odd and end recesses. Certainly nothing ghostly about it what ever. On the contrary, it looked cheerful in tho blaze of the firelight, and the candles burnt merrily on mantelpiece and writing table. In spite of its unlived in atmosphere, if properly furnished it would have mnde n very comfortable room indued, and Ilalfcrd for ons wub perfectly satisfied with his quarters. The furnituro, it is true, wns somewhat meagre and old fashioned ; but tho wholo of the house was in a dismantled condition, and Halford had been obliged to bring his own scenery, consisting of a folding cump-bed- Btead, a small tablo and eaBy chair, a whiskey decanter, a few soda water bottles, and a box of oxcollent cigars. In addition to all these, Halford being of a cautious turn of mind, had provided him self with a small Smith and Wesson, and three balls of thin glass about thu sizo of an orange, filled with a colourless oily liquid, and carefully packed in sawdust in a card board box. All tho aftornoon of tho provious day Halford had spent in examining the liouBe. Having fixed upon a room to sleep in, ha sealed up tho other doors, and strotchod some thin wires ncross tho passages, attaching to each one a small bell. He had not the slightest fear of ethereal visitants from anothor world, but he had a very firm belief in the existence of gentlemen of various branches ot tho burglarious profession, who, being of a retiring turn of mind, prefer to tako up their abode in untenanted housos, occasionally uBing very practical arguments for keeping interlopers at a distance. So far nothing noteworthy had happened, as ho was explaining in a letter to Ans- tiuther- He had made his preparations on tho Sunday afternoon, and read till 12.30. Then he had tnrned in, and slept tho sleep of thi just until tho next morning. I feel you deserve a better talo than this,' he concluded; 'but perhaps 1 may have better luck to-night. Who knows V He sealed und stamped tho envelope, drew the tablo up to the bud, and placed on it his revolver, tho box of grenudeB, a candle and matches. Having undressed, lie blew out the lights except ono camllo by the bed, and Bettled himself down for un hour's reading. After which time, giving one filial look round the room, be snuffed out tho candle tho back of tho book, and turned over to go to sleep. Anothor quarter of an hour, and tho sound of heavy, irregular breathing indicated that ho was in his first sleep. The fire burned low in thu grate, and a small shower of cinders fell tinkling on to the paved hearth as tho final flicker of a dying gas-jet flamed into Iifo. Thu breathing became morn regular and softer. A gurgling sound, as of the sleeper trying to swallow in bis Bleep, and then — silence. How long Halford had slept was never known, but probably it was about three o'clock when lie awoke. ITf stretched out his hnnd for his watch ; but, feel whero he would on cither side of tho bed, he could not touch the tablo. Angered at bis stupidity, ho got out of bed and walked towards the fire-pluce, where he had left the other candles and spurn mutches. The mantelpiece was distant about four paces from the bed, lioing at tho other end of the room. He took the four steps carefully and gingerly, groping his way, afraid of stumbling up ugaist anything in tho darkness. At the fourth step ho stretched out his hands; in front of him was an empty space. Again ho advanced slowly. Five — six — Beven— eiyld paces. Still his hnndB clutched vaguely at tho air. At the tenth stop be halted, puzzled and shivering, and swung his arms round him, in the hope of touching ; an irroBistiblo desire to reach u confining limit overcome him. Tho I horrible insolidity, tho absolute silence, ' oppressed him, nnd the first chill feeling of the ioeompii li-'irdhle seized on hint Beads ot perspiration oLulid out on his forehead. Ho tried to arguo his fears away, but to no purpose. The room was at most 20ft. long by, say, 15ft. in the broadest part : therefore, he calculated, it would bo impossible to walk moro than 25ft. in any ono direction. Yet hnd already walked ten paces/ Tho thought flashed through brain, mutely demanding explanation. Summoning up all bis strongth of mind, be forced himself to procued with sharp, quick Bteps. Eleven — twolvo — thirteen — fourteen — ; fifteen . Still tho awful, impenetrable blackneBS surrounded him. It seemed to his excited imagination that ho was Btanding in the inidBt of boundless space, playing n part in some horribly realistic nightmare. Ho dug his nails into the flesh of his arms to reassure himself, but ho could feel no pain. Indefinablo and intangible, tho terror of thu unknown was circling down upon him. Twice he started forward again with out stretched hands; twice ho drew back, bis nerves thumping and twanging liko an over strained violin-string. Wheeling round, he leapt back through the darkness, terrified at what lie could not understand yet ashamed of this terror. Half a dozen bounds brought him to tho bedside. Ho bent down with a sigh of relief, groping for the sheets. Ilia hands met with no resistance — only the same vague blnckness everywhere. Human nature could stand no more. Sick wuii irjgnt, no BiirieKeu in an agony or iear, but no sonnd followed his cry. Again and again ho screamed, his month working con vulsively, liko that of a dumb man. Bur still tho silence was unbroken, still the darknesB rolled up and covered him, as the waters cover a di owning man. The breaking strain had been reached at last, and Halford's last veBtigo of self control left him. Striking out wildly with lvi clenched fists, ho rushed about, now in out direction, now in another, hitting blindly at the air before liirn. Round mid round ho went in an ever narrowing circlo, till at last, from sheer exhaustion, he came to a stand Btill, his pulses throbbing nnd his breath coming in thick, heavy sobs. Suddenly, without sound or warning of any kind, a cold, tight grip was layed on his wrist, and two staring eyes gleamed at him nut of the darkness. Willi a shudder lie jerked bis arm liiick- wurds. The hold on his wrist tightened, hut he felt no opposition to the movement of his nrm. With his other hand he hit out wildly at the glaring eyulmlls. Tho force of the blow, fulling on unresisting space, almost dislocated his shoulder. And still the grip lightened, and still the mocking eyes peered into his own. In an ccslacy of fear he writhed and fought. Thu icy cold pressure round bis throat wus slowly but surely strangling him, whilst the eyes, blazing with silent fury, caiuo nearer and nearor yet. With a last supreme effort Halford found his voice, giving vent to scream after scream. Then tho nameless terror closed in on him, pressing him tighter and ever tighter. Tho struggles grow weaker, the screams died away into a faint moaning and stifled sobs, and finally ceased. ' Hasn't Harford turned up ?' asked the last comer, as ho strollod into Anstruther's room on Tuesday ovening. All the men wore thero who had been present when tho wnger was made, and traces of suppressed curiosity wero visiblo in the difiereut facos of those assembled. Rivers dale, in spito of his determination, hnd been unable to keep nway. He bad been sitting apart from tho others ; but now, since only Halford was missing, and there wero uiimis- takeablo sigus of uneasiness among the rest, ho came forward. ' Anstruthor, if Halford is not here by half-past eight, I insist that somn of us go down and look for liirn ; for it is my firm belief that if ho is not hore by that time my worst fears will have been realised. When I went through what ho has presumably experienced during tho lust two nights, 1 was a stronger man, botli mentally nnd physically, than ho is, or over will bo, yet 1 was nearly driven mnd. Ob, come, Riversdale, its not as bad as all that surely. He's a pretty cool headed clinp, nnd knows how to look after himself. I think he will turn up all right.' No ono else spoke, and tho next few minutes weio passed in anxious waiting. At last tho silence was broken at the front door bell.' All the men started to their feet, and looked expectantly at the door of tho room. An instant later it was flung open, and the butler appeared, with n scared white face. ' For heaven's sake, gentlemen, come out side. Mr Halford is there, very ill. He is talking to himself and moaning awful, und 1 can't do anything with him.' Riversdale motioned the other back, and passed swiftly into the hall, to quickly re appear, carrying in his arms what at first looked like a shapeless bundle. This he placed gently in a chair, and hastily throw ing back the wraps, disclosed to the horrified group of men a wreck of what hnd once been Halford, Ilis face was pale nnd drawn, and the bloodshot eyes moved fearfully from side to side. But the most ghastly tiling of all was his mouth, the lips curled up and drawn back wards, displaying the white tightly clenched teeth. lie took no notice of his surroundings, but waved lii» hands monotonously to and fro in a piteous, groping fashion. 1 I must be there by eight,' he whispered hoarsely. ' How dark it is— so dark — 11 — 112— 1 <1\. 1 T f f ll _ lift W I Itfltt (flnr/i " niirl f I w» whisper rose to a Bhriek. ' Fight o'clock on Tuesday. 1 must be there— I must be there, you know.' Ami lie smiled vacantly nt the other men, moaning gently, his arms moving all the time. Riversdale turned to Anstruthor and whis pered something to liiin. The latter nodded and left the room, returning with souui brandy and a little phial of nitric acid. ' Now, you others, 1 want you to hold him perfectly still,' said Riversdalo, "and oboy mo exactly in whatever I tell you to do.' I hen followed a lapse of about 20 minutes, during which Halford was iniule to Buffer ngonies too terrible to describe j » # ' Why did you use nitric acid V said ono of tho men, when the operation was over. For nnswer, Riversdale pointed to a dark spot of blood on 1 1... side if H alford's bead, JUbt above the fill eai. ' He will bo will coherent when ho comes to,' he said. ' It was the only chance. An Indian servant cured me in the same way. What I used wns r.ot pure nitric acid, bnt a solution of a preparation ho gave mo in the ncid. I cannot find oat its composition, though I have tried often.' At tho same time ho pointed to his own templo, and there, concealed by the hair, was a similar mark. # # # a Theso are all tho facts in connection with tho Lanrel Lodge mystery as they came under my own immediato observation, or ns T was able to extract thorn from Halford some montliB later, when bis health wqb to a certain oxtcnt recovered from the shock. As I hinted in tho preface, I believe — and Riversdalo agrees with mo in this — the cause of tho terror which so nearly mado poor Halford a madman for tho rest of his life was in no way physical, but purely tho out come of a mental delusion, inspired or indued by physical agents. Anyone who has ever studied eastern psychology will know thiB is possble — in fact, wo got to a certain extent a parallol case in tho science of hypnotism. I would suggest ns the only explanation, weak though it may bo, that by some occult moans Halford's appreciation of solidity — viz., his sense of touch, was temporarily suspended, and that tho horror of this rendered him for the time being insane. 