THE HEIRESS. BY ?Mhs. ANNE S. STEPHENS. CHAPTER XVI, — Continued, CONCEALMENTS AND SUSPICIONS. This, I with a date, was all tho note containrd. 1 She rend if, over and over ?gain: : It explained nothing; It was butra- single sentence, the name of a place of which she had never heard, bat she looked in his face and remained pale as before. The intuition of a heart like hpra ia ie.rnnno- ? ? i.j j ? - — - — wi»n icitouui ||jVrj' A constraint fell upon us. I crept o !j»| j ftway-araong my cushions, and felt tho g* S:j J1 vilight darken around us. Then I sank | ?!! -j into 'a heavy-hearted sleep, for my SI' ; patents were both silent, and X was soon II j . forgotten. ?\ jj§ ; When I awoke the windows were still j' jjl ! open, and the room seemed empty. The IJfjji t moonbeams lay white and full upon the 1(5 clematis vines, and their blossoms stirred j I beneath them like maasrs of snow, (j ,j Children always turn to the light. Dark | | ? ness seems unnatural to them. I crept | |lj out into the balcony, and clambering up 1 Kfj the old balustrade, looked out on the f !? garden. Close by the wilderness where t || the. shadows lay deepest, ! saw a main , walking to and fro like a ghost. Once ft?') came out 'into the moonlight, and 1,1 P.', Ml knKvr that it was my father, p lii Si ' A narrow flight of steps, choked up v, ilj'fi'rs — with creeping, vines, ran down from the ^ balcony. I scrambled over them on my lii'n ' hands and knees, tearing my way | ! l L' , through the clematis like a wild animal, and leaving great fragments of my dress behind. I ran through the flower beds, trampling down their sweeb growth, end |ii i; ?;{ pausing oil the verge of the shadow. — for || I; ' j I was afraid of the dark— called out. fi J '' My fatber cime up hnrriedlywith an exclamation of surprise, and evidently |j?i: hi alarmed. His hat was off — his beauti I R- ' ful 'brown hair, damp and heavy with Ijjt' night dew— but his hands were hot as he lifted 'me np, and when I clung to ||f; ? j d his neck; and laid my cheek to his ib was Haisp f jl like fire. . Moonlidifc rnvpn almost suDpr natnral brilliancy to the human eye! His glittered like stars. 'My^childj my poor child,' he said, 'what is the matter? -How came you abroad1? Your little feut aro wet with dew, (wet, clothes and all ; what has come over us,'my pet, my darling 1' _ He toot .out his watch and looked at it in' the moonlight.' It was twelve o'clock.' Holding' me close to hisbosom,' -he strode across the garden and up the steps, crushing the vines beneath his feet. There was lio light in the chamber, but upon the cushion which she had occu pied; at. his feet sat my mother. The moon had. mounted higher, and its light fell like a great silver flag through the casement. She sab in the centre motion less1 and drooping like a Magdalene, with light streaming over her from the back ground, as we sometimes, but rarely, see in a picture. At' the noise of my father's footstep, she started up, and camo ' forth with a wild, wondering look. ' How is this, Aurora?' he said, in a voice of milk reproof, 'I left you with the child hours as?o. nnd now when I thought you both at rest, she is wander ing away; in the night, wet through and shivering with cold.' ' I did nob know it. When you went oub a strange numbness fell upon me. It seemed as if I were in the caves at Granada again, and thab all our people were Drebarintr to take me to the Vallevj of Stones, I was so passive, so still !' ' Aurora I' said my father in a tone ef bitter reproof, ' you know how I j loathe that subject — never mention it! again— -never think of ib I' 'I never have thought of it till to night,' she answered, abstractedly, ' why should I?'. 'And why tonight !' ' I do nob know. My life has two sides, 'one all. blackness,' here she shud uerea— me ocner an ngiit , uar* ranca at' Granada, and this house, and my grandmother and you.' Her face became radiant with affection as she'lifbed ib to his in the moonlight. 'Why should she come between us even in my thought? You are here, 1 you, my, child, my home. What has cast this heavy burden on my soul 1 It is the gipsy blood beginning to burn again ; surely nothing has happened.' She questioned him closely with her eyes, thus pleading with him to silencp ♦hpTvue lin' dnulitn that haunted her : he answered faintly, 'Nothing, child, nothing has hap pened.' She- drew a deep breath, and gave forth'a faint laugh. 'Ab, how Btrangely I have felb. It must have been the cold night air. This England is so chilly, and you, bow damp your clothes seem. Your hair is satur ated I. Goie$ in, beloved, come in, my poor child, my bird of paradise, she will rinrSfth t 9 i Lord Clare bore me into the chamber. Lights were obtained, and my wet gar ments were exchanged for a night robe of delicate linen. ' See if I do nob take care of her,' said my mother, folding the cashmere shawl aroupd me, ° while great tears crowded to her eyes, and she looked timidly into her face. 'I do nob doubt it,' be answered, kindly, ' she is warm now and getting drowsy upon your bosom. Go to rest ; both needed it. Do you know it is after midnight?' He touched her roreneaa wtcn nis ups and kissing me, prepared to go. She looked after him, and her eyes said a thousand times more than she would have dared to speak. ' He hesitated, said something about the necessity of being early at Greenhurst, and then, as if restraint bad become irk gome beyond endurance, laid bis hand on the s'one balustrade, and leaped over. My mother drew me closer to her bosom, and his footsteps died on the still air. I remember no more, only that in ' the morning I woke in her aro«s with tho shan I folded around me. She had not been in bed all nighb. CHAPTER XVI [. THE OLD ESCRITOIRE. After this night I never remember to have seen that rich, fruity smile upon my mother's lips again. Bear in mind there had been no quarrel between her and Lord Clare ; not even a bard word ; but she loved him so deeply, so fntally. She who had no world, no thought, no existence that did not partake of him, and her trusb in him had been like the faith of a devotee. AH at once sh e/elt that he had secrets, thoughts, memories, many things long buried in his heart, of which she had no knowledge. She had gathered it only from a look ; bub if all the angels of heaven had written ib oub in fire before her eyes, the revelation could not have been more perfect. And now the proud tranquility of her life, the rich contentment of her love departed forever. The gipsy blood fired up again ; she was restless as a wild bird. Her care of me relaxed. I ran about the park recklessly, like the deer that inhabited it. She rode out somptimes alone, and always at full speed. I saw her often talking with old Turner, and ohBPrved lhat he looked anxious and distressed after their conversati ms. She was a proud creature, that young gipsy mother, bub ib was a pride of the soul, that which blends with gpoius as platina strengthens and beautifies gold. All the sweet trustingfondness of manner which bud made her love so luxurious and dreamy, cbanged to gentle sadness. Sbe met .Lord Clare meekly and with a cettain degree of grateful submission, bub withoub warmth. It was the humility which springs from excess of pri'le. In the whole range of human feelings there is not a sensation that approaches so near to meekness, as the pride of a woman who feels a wrong but gives it no utterance. Lord Clare B'aw 'and understood this You could see it in his air; in his slow step as he approached the house ; in the anxious look with which he alwuvs regarded my mother on their first meet ings. He grew more tender, more solicitous to divine her wishes, but never asked an explana'ion of thtv change that had come over her. What was the reason of this? Why did L rd Clare remain silent on a subject that filled both their thoughts? ' Those who know the human heart well can best answer. ; Lord Clare had reached that point in ] life' when we shrink from new sources of excitement. I have said that he was young only in years. The romance of suffering had long since passed away. He was capable of feeling the pain, nothing more. (To be continued.) 