Personal and Political3 Federal candidates are singularly feeble on the platform. They seem over-cautions, and uncertain. The great drawback to the Federal cam paign is the want of something tangible to get excited over. Things must be looking up in Bathurst, where the demand for income tax papers exceeded the supply. This is another reason why Bathurst should be the federal capital. Gloucester Pt ice, M.P., has been studying constitutional history and law for years past. Some of the other candidates know more about dominoes than history. There is an uneasy feeling in ministerial circles that Mr Reid will not be among the first five of the ten chosen The income tax returns have tormented the electors at a very critical time. The Premier, too, displays no interest in the campaign. The question now is, Had Butler an accomplice in Australia? He displayed an anxiety to get a signal. " Yes" or " No " from the pilot. He was on vety confidential terms wi. h a young woman of Newcastle who had plenty of money. Was this bloodmoney and was she his banker ? She mysteriously disappeared, and Butler had only two sove. in his possession What became of the few hundred pound possessed by Burgess ? Three weeks before any cry was raised as to the disappearance of Lee Weller, a metro politan paper published a paragraph stating that a "greater Deeming was in business in New South Wales." The writer evtdently knew somethipg, or else made a wonderfully correct hit by accident. The point is, who supplied that paragraph? The labor candidates are much perturhed over the Cardinal's candidature. The poll will be much heavier, particularly in the country, which does not pin its faith on the Solidarities. The Cardinal has declared him self against the " mere experimentalist," and 1' wild theorisb." Butler says he is confident he can prove his innocence when he reaches Australia. The ghosts of the murdered men will have to enter the witn'ss box and swear.him guiltless before the public will change its opinion. 