MS. 'FOSSIL' FOSSEBY. Sib, ? I think the public and every truthful and honest man of the police force should feel thankful to yon for your manly and out spoken condemnation and exposure in Tkuth of Mr Fosbery's misrule, and of perjury aud corruption tolerated and winked at in the 1 olicc Force, r or instance, there is fceniur constable Coutti' conduct, in short, gluing perjury. Why should that man be retained in the* service, etc. ? If your indictment he untrue, or any part of it, Mr Fosbory should lose no time in vindicating his character and competency before a jury of his country, and if he docs not do so at once, the Government might take it for granted that his silence amounts to a plea of guilty, and thus send Mr Edmund Fosbery about his business to hades, or Conusught, or Limerick, where he came from. We cau get on very well here Without him. fosbery set a bad example to the force hlm»tf *nd theietore it might be expected fw ' ' 0f ids own mind and stamp would Snow °n his Ltsteps. Mr Fosbery aided aud connived with Parkes in rising the Kiama ghosts and a flame of b gotry throughout this fair laud, aud for this job Parkes rewarded Mr Fosbery, when tue time came, by foisting Mr Fosbery into the Dosition of laflpector-Gcaerfcl of Police, to Which likfe a leech he will stick until he is hunted oht of it. While ''night be ad mitted that Mr Fosbery would make a smart clerk under astern inspector-General, never tireless, as he never did a day » duty outside the door, of *n office, in the field or m the court, with mpn who could teach him, where fit may be asked) did he get his experience nullify him lor the position of In neter.r'«al bt Folia.?* During his regime it is wellkmowil that he never Went outside the dbOt of his office to investigate any reports made egaihet members of the force. He luft those matters entirely in the, hands of hie subordinate officers to fix np a. thsv liked While he acted the part of the great ' l am ' judgo end jury in my office, etw« doubt the nhfortunatee who have been knocked about by police belies, locked up. and wrongfully prosecuted, feel the wteng done them very keehly. Well, I am Of opinion that if thB people hadn't Tbdth there would be a good deal more of that eort of thing to complain . of. However, false reports, lies, and perjury were almost unheard of in the force until Mr Fosbery took charge of it ; and those vices have taken suoh firm root in the force under hit fostering wing that the man who succeeds Mr Fosbery will find some difficulty in eradicating them and the tag-rag-and- bob- tails. In the meantime it is to be hoped that the Government will take immediate steps to put the polioe force on a sounder footing than it is at present under Mr Fos bery'e misrule. — Yours, etc., Leichhardt, Jan fi, 1897, OPTaTB, 1 One Who Hatea Brutality.'— Would you kindly call upon the editor on Tuesday next, bringing whatever corroborating evidence yon can. An interview will be absolutely necessary to ensure publication of ! the case you write upon. 