I 8E*D-OFF BT MEMBBSS OF ] PARLIAMENT. i - On Friday, on the ove of his departure on a pleasure trip to England, Sir George Shenton (President of tho Legislative Council) was tendered a very hearty send off by members of the Legislative Council and Assembly. The gathering took place in the Legislative Council buildings, St. George's-temice, and the chair was taken by Mr. E. H. Wittenoom, the Minister for Mines and Leader of thc Upper House. Among those present, in addition to the guest, were the Premier (Sir Johu Forrest), Messrs. H. Briggs, F. T. Crowder, C. E. Dempster, J. W. Hackett, D. K. Congàon, S.' H. Parker, F. -M. Stone, D. McKay, J. E. 'Richardson, M's.L.C. ; C. Harper, H. W. Venn, J. J, Highani, F. C Monger, A. Forrest, B. F. Sholl, H. W. Sholl, F. illingworth, G. Leake, li's.L.A., and Critchett Parker. The MINISTER for MINES, in opening the proceedings, said that they had met to- gether to wish bon voyage to tho worthy .President of the Legislativo Council, and to tell him they hoped he would havè a pleasant trip. Sir George, as the President, had always taken a very "xleep interest in the Legislative Council, and he had taken care of its position aud . looked after its honour, working to the ? best bf his ability to see that everything was carried out in a proper manner. The position Sir George occupied was a difficult one, and the way the President had filled the chair was appreciated by them all. Sir George "had presided over their délibéra- tions with satisfaction to them ali, and had j carried out hts duties! conscientiously. It] had bean intended to have had a Larger j gathering ia honour of the President, but several members of both Houses had found it impossible to attend, those who had sent apologies, for their non- attendance being Mr. F. H. Piesse, Mr. E. Solomon, Mr. A. .B. Kidson, and Mr. W. Spencer. It was a matter ¡for congratulation to have Sir Georges« a representative of the colony in London^ not only because he was their President, but because he was sucha repre- sentative man, because he was thoroughly np in tin history of the colony and in its present resources. His visit would do a great deal of good to the colony. They needed ^thoroughly advertising, and noth- ing but"bèneficial results could accrue from tho visits of Bien in such positions as their President, connected as he was with so many companies and institutions, which j showed that he possessed the confidence of the people amongst whom he lived. His career had been a distinguished one, for they saw him as mayor, as chairman of the Western Australian Bank, as a'mem- ber* of the Government, and latterly as the ; President of the Legislative Council. Sir George'« hospitality was also proverbial, and they all wished Sir George and Lady Shenton a most pleasant trip to the old country: (Hear, hear.) ' Sir Gio. SHENTON was cheered on rising to reply. Ho said that he deeply felt the honour which had been done him, and he ' appreciated their kindness. Of course, it was not easy to jplease everybody¿ and it was very gratifying to know j that as Presi- dent of the Legislative Council he had given satisfaction generally. He had to thank members of the Council for their loyalty to their President even when differ- ing from him. He was also proud of the good feeling which had always existed be- tween the members and the President. He1 bad now been President for over four years and never had there been any unpleasant- ness between any member of the Council and himself. (Hear, hear.) He had al- ways aimed to do what, he considered fair and right to everyone, and, being Western Australian born, be tried to give as much : of bis spare time as possible to the institu- tions connected with the colony, taking an interest in everything that took place there. He was now going away on a short pleasure trip, and his thanks were due to them, for he could not have .gone this year had it not been for their kindness in granting him leave of absence. While in England and other parts he would do what he could for Western Australia, and, being interested in several large financial institutions, he might be able to throw à little light upon the darkness which existed at the present time in several quarters as to Western Australia. He hoped to see those clouds of. darkness drift ¿way and a liitle sunshine take their place. It seemed to. bini desirable that mei! occupying prominent positions here should attinieä go home to England. He had been appealed, to by people in England, asking how.ijb was that their leading financiers and politicians. did not visit England oftener-as. the prominent mea in the:other.colonies did- because then the public would have an opportunity of meeting them and. discussing financial matters with them. True, last year, this neglect was got over to sonie extent, for Mr. Lsake and others visited England, but the practice was not so general as it should be. The closer the ties between tbe colonies and England were drawn the better it would be for everybody. He was a believe in federation, and he looked upon such visits as one way of hastening its ac- complishment. The colony, he felt sure, had a bright future before it. There might be clouds of. depression at times, but it could not be said that during the last five or six -years .they had experienced much depression here. He rejoiced that Western Australia waa to be represented by the Premier at the approaching celebrations in connection .with ibo Queen's diamond jubilee. (Hear, hear.) With the other colonies, represented by their. premiers, it would have been a disgrace bad Western Australia not been abie to be represented by Sir John Forrest, who woujd be able to remove a great many doubts in the minds . ol financial people in England as to the Security of tenure iu connection with in- vestments in Western Australia. It would be easy'to ¿rove to the London investor that things here were hardly as bad as they were painted, and that the Government of the colony were willing to do all in their i power%*aoourage proper investments in, tbe^ifewrr (Hear, bear.. Tîiff-lïiNisMsit for- MISES proposed the toast of the Legislative Assembly. The PEESIIBB, OB rising to reply, was very cordially greeted. He said that ha had to thank thom for the opportunity of taking part in the Beud-off to their fellow colonist. Sir George Shenton must feel very honoured with tho great kindness which had been shown him from all parts of Perth and all sections of the community. Ho carried with him the good wishes of alL For many years Sir George had- occupied a very prominent position in thè commercial world. For many years, almost a life-time, he had been a member of the Legislature ; and it must be encouraging to anyone who had takeu part, or who desired to take part in public life to find that thosa who devoted them- selves to the .service of their country did not go without their reward. They secured the appreciation of those amongst whom they lived, which was the greatest of all rewards. 'The spontaneous gatherings of Thursday and that day must convince Sir George that Iiis work in this com- munity was recognised. For the Assembly, although it was said they were about to j die, at any rate they believed they would rise again. There was a good deal of life j yet in the members of the Assembly, j and although iir had been said that, j they were completely demoralised, he j did not ? think they, were going to give up the ghost, or that they were to be prevented froin.trying to do their duty to the country. They ell, ho believed, posad as patriots. He was glad to find that in the Legislative Council there was a small section which tried to arrogate to itself if he might use that, term-the position of a patriotic party. AU he wished for that party was every success, -if they would only carry out patriotic measures. They all desired to be patriotic, and they tried to do their duty to their country. They lived kore, were citizens *of this country, and it could nob be supposed they were so foolish -look at the. question from the meanest of view-that they would ruiu the country when all their interests were centred here, or that they would-bring disaster upon their families. 1 Even if their measures were a little in advance of .tho times, their object was to promote the. advancement of this country, and . looking back upon t he Ipast six years, no one could say thai the Parliament of this country-the fcegiila tire Council and the Legislative Assembly -had not been patriotic. They had brought this country from a position of ia« significance up to a position of great im- portance. They had transformed it from a place that -was unknown into a place ttiat was now well known throughout the civilised world, a place to which th« financiers of Loudon had turned their attention. Its revenue had also increased! from ¿400,000 to ¿2,500,000 in the space of six years, (Hoar, hear.) A network of railways had also been established over tho colony, great telegraphic facilities had also been provided, a large mining populatioa had been oncouraged, and they had turne* out over ¿3,000,000 of gold. (Hear, hear.) If that was not being patriotic he did not know what was. He was glad to bolong ta the patriotic party-the patriotic party of this country, not of the Legislative Council. During thesB six memorable years of self-government he had boen en- abled to take a share in the great advance- ment that had been made. (Hear, hear.) lu conclusion, the Premier wished Sir George Shenton a pleasant trip and a safe return, so that he would be able to con- tinue his good work in the interests of the country. Sir GEORGE SHENTON proposed fha health of the Chairman (Mr. Wittenoom). The relations between the Leader of th» Legislative Council and the President had, he said, always beeu of the most amicable kind. Tho Minister had always done what he could to help the President, and had proved himself au able aud efficient officer, not only as a Miuister in that House, but also in presiding over the various depart- ments entrusted to him. At one time the whole of Australia was criticising the Post and Telegraph Department of Western Australia, but now no complaints were heard. The duplication of the line to South Australia had been carried out taost expeditiously, and reforms in the depart- ment had been initiated. In the Mine.3 Department Mr. Wittenoom had a still more difficult task, but he had proved him- self a most able and efficient servant of tho State. (Hear, hear). Mr. WITTENOOM: having briefly and suitably replied, the wrooeftdin.fs cloged. 