TWM MTTKtt1. Special arrangements were made by the choir for the music in connection with the sacred, ceremonies of the consecration, and we but re-echo the sentiments of the best critics when we assert that the efforts of the singers Avere alike creditable to themselves and to .Maitland. The ' Eccc Sacerdos,' edifice from the Bishop's house, was rendered with splendid effect. During the anoint ing reremony the 'Vein Creater ' Avas given as a quartotto by Misses Emy Hyndes (soprano), Ida Hyndes (alto), Messrs. John Thompson (tenor), and Frank Hermann (base); and, if the expression is pardonable in dealing sacred the music, it was the gem of the day. The ' Antiphon' and the 'Can- ticle of David ' Avere choral productions, and showed that in Mr. T. 1). Davidson the Cathedral choir has a master conductor. The ' Te Deum' was also a fine effort and was sung by Misses Emy Hyndes, M. A. Riley and Katie Boyle (sopranos) ; Misses Ida Hyndes, T. Dwyer, Emily Walsh and T. Wilkinson (altos), Messrs. F. Hermann and Dr. W. D. Power (bass) ; and Messrs. John Thompson, J. T. Maher, and J. Lynch (tenors). Miss J. Duffy, whoso name is so Avell known in musical cii'cles in this district, presided at tho organ and contributed in a pronounced manner to the success of the choir. Mr. T. D. Davidson conducted the choir throughout. THE BANQUET. The large hall of St. John's Boys' School RorA'ed as a (lining-chamber, where tho Right Rev. Dr. Murray entertained about 180 guests on Sunday afternoon. The room was decorated by a largo committoo of ladies consisting of Mrs. G. Maher, Pre sident ; Miss M. A. Mooro, Vice-President ; Mesdames E. Nash and P. Rattbrty, Trea surors ; Misses Emy Hyndes and J. Duffy, Secretaries ; Mesdames R. Bailey, Jno. Moylan, T. Moylan. T. Herrmann, T. J. DaA'is, T. Callaghan, T. Wilkinson, M. P. Maher ; Misses Ida Hynrlos, M; A. Riley, F. Callaghan, E. Walsh, Maggie Walsh, S. Moore, K. Dillon, S. O'Hearn, L. Mona ghan, K. Canty, M. M'Laohlan, Amy French, A. Navin, K. Boyle, N. Tierney, B. Moylan, Nurses Smith and Kelahor. Tho Avails wore adorned with Hags of all nations, and tho windows Avoro shroudod by costly damask and laoo curtains which gave the room the appearance of a baronial banquet ting ohambor. Tho roof had its share of decorative work and innumerable lantorns of varied colours, sizes, and shapes swung from streamers of different colours. The tables wore gems of decorative and cuisine art. Massive sots of candelabra and othor ornaments gave tho ladies every oppor tunity of displaying beautiful 'work in crinkled papor shades and othor devices, tho prevailing colours being cardinal, pink, greon, blue and heliotrope, Ferns, flowers, pot plants, and greeneries completed the charming scone. His Lordship the Bishop of Mai tl and pro sided, and had on his right his Eminence, Cardinal Moran : Bishop Dwyer, Bishop Bvrno, and Mr. William Dwyer (Inspector oi Schools). To tho loft of tho chair were Bishop Torrogiani, Bishop Doylo, Bishop Higgins, and Mr. John Muag'hor. Thoro wore also at this table, tho Vory Revs. Vincent Grogan, C.P,, John Ryan, S.J., James Bvrno, CM., Arch-Priest Slioohy. O.S.B., Hon. and Very Rov. W. Plunkett, C.SS.R, and Very Bev. T, O'Farrell, C.SS.R. There were three other tables at which A\rere seated the olergy and visiting laity, Avhose names have already been given in connection with the consecration cere monies in the Cathedral. There were also present the delegates from the various parishes of the diocese, and the following members of the Executive Committee : — Messrs. G. Maher, J.P., Dr. Power, J.P., John Thompson, J.P, Jas. O'Brien, senior, T. A. Hill, J. Farrell, H. A. O'Connor, A. O'Connor, Jno. Storen, Jno. Kennedy, P. O'Donnell, T A. Davis, 1). Navin, junV.. T. O'Hearn, T. A. Egan, M. P. Maher, Jno. Walsh, Dagworth, Jno. Walsh (Bourke strect), W. A. Terry, J. Small, R. Dillon, Thos. Moylan, J. J.' Maher, W. J. Enright, B.A., A. Hoban, J. Bam bach. Jas. Post, L. M'Inerney, J. P. M'Glinn, R. Bailev, W. J. Tierney, R. J. Dilley, Chas. Hayes, Thomas Doosey, and J. F. O'Brien. From Newcastle district, there wcro Alderman M. J. Moroney, Messrs. T. M. O'Neill, J. J. Callaghan, J. 'ft. O'Connor, P. Callan, Dr. John Nash, W. P. Bvrne, A. M'Donnell, John O'Grady, Police-Inspector Lynch, and John Stan ton. Dr. Murray, who upon risinc, wns received with prolonged applause, said his first duty Avas to give them all a very hearty welcome to Maitland on that auspicious occasion. Ho thought they would all acree wi 1b him that it Avas a very auspicious occasion. (Ap plause). He would not fro into amT dotnils regarding the young priest who had been raised to the episcopacy that day, and upon whom ho looked as about to be an ornament to the Australian church. (Applause). Ho Avas very grateful himself to his Eminenco the Cardinal and the other prelates for com ing there, and beforo he began proposing tho toasts he could not but refer to one Bishop Avho Avas absent, tho venerable Bishop of Goulburn, Dr. Lanigan. Ho would be glad on all accounts to have him there that day, but his medical adviser told him not to come. Ho knew that Dr. Lanigan had set heart on being one of the assisting consecra ting Bishops of Dr. Dwyer. That day 30 years ago Bishop Quinn of Bathurst and him self raised Dr. Lanigan to tho episcopacy, and he Avould have been glad to see him there that day, to remind him of tho fact, but he felt sure tho references he would make to him would answer just as well. (Applause). Anothor thing ho Avould rofor to for a moment, as showing Iioav human these things turn out, That day 30 years ago his Eminence the Cardinal — he Avas not Cardinal then— sent out to his (Bishop Mur ray's) diocese tho first batch of Diminioan nuns, Avho Avero now in Maitland. (Ap plause). Pentecost Sunday that year foil on the 9th of June ; this year it fell 'on tho Oth. He could not but call' to mind the speech made by Bishop Lanigan that day 30 years ago in proposing the health of tho Popo. In his OAvn Avords ho said, ' What are you all making such a fuss about mo to- day for?' Ho said ho frequently Avont down to Goul burn and thov nevor mado anv fuss about him. But it Avas all about tho pieces of parchment which camo from Rome, and that parchment had created all tho present fuss and noise. That parchmont Avas very liko the ono that Dr. Dwyer got, — tho two that wore read that day. Therefore, visitors camo from all parts, some from Goulburn and Bathurst being especially old friends of his. Ono of these came to' bury him (Dr. Murray). Ho referred to his friend Mr. John Moaghor. (Applause). Mr. Meatrhor told his wife beforo loaving homo for Syd ney, that Dr. Murray was dying, and ' ho was going to attend his funorah (Laughter.) He did not know that Mr. Moaghor came there to honour Dr. Dwyor, but he hoped ho would not attend his funeral for tho noxt tAventy years. (Groat applause avid laugh tor). At any rato the Popo had brought thorn together ; ho did not say a Bishop or Cardinal had anything to do with it. It Avas the Pope Avho put his seal on tho work. Ho sent tho tAvo parch m on ts appointing Dr. Dwyor as Bishop of Zoara, and Coadjutor to Monsignor Murray. (Applause). Ho thoro foro proposed the health of the Popo. Tho toast having been duly honoured, Dr. Murray said thoy avovo all meeting thoro as Australians. (Applause). Thoy knew his Eminenco was an out and out Australian. There was no mistake about that. Tho noble speech dolivorod by tho Cardinal at Bathurst somo time ago (ap plauso) raised him beyond all question to tho highest position as an Australian citizen. Ho did not bolievo that there Avas a man at tho present moment so interested in tho prosperity and progress of Australia as Cardinal Moran. This year Avas an exceptional year for Quoon Victoria. Of course ho had somo vIoavs of his oavii in regard to tho Queen, which ho expressed in Ireland and England, but ahvaysin Aus tralia ho had spoken as a loyal citizen of Queen Victoria, Ho did not do so as an Irishman in Ireland or England. (Ap plause.) HoAVovor, that was not tho.quos tion. Thoy Avere there all Australians, and had no reason to complain. If they had not everything thoy wanted it was not tl o Queen's fault, but their OAvn. They owe I vory little to tho Queen, but admired hot1 for hor many virtues, and tho grf-t wisdom she had shown. This year iho would bo celebrating hor record reign, and thoy Avishod her every possible success, and many more years to onntinuo her ruign — (applausu)— over tho British Empire. Ho asked thorn to drink tho health of tho ' Queen of 'England,' The toast was drunk loyally, tho company singing a verse of tho National Anthom. Dr. Murray : Ihavonow done my part ; I loave tho rast to my Goad, utor, (Applause.) Dr. Dwyer, who on rslng Avas grootod with groat applause, said it avoh not without somo feelings of 'diffidence that he under took to propose the noxt toast, as it was the health of one Avho was present. It Avas the health of his Eminence the Cardinal — (ap- plause), who had imparted to him that day a great deal of power in .naking him a Bishop, but he hud kept a great deal more than he gave away. (Laughter.) So he would take care to say nothing to incur his displeasure. They were aAvare that in the Papal Brief given to him he had the powar to choose as his consecrator any Bishop of tho Holy See. When he (Dr. Dwyer) re ceived the Pontifical letter he had no hesita tion as to his choice. (Applause.) The very first thing ho did was to go to Sydney to ask his Eminence to act as his consecrator, and he could assure them it Avas one of tho highest privileges ho had to look back upon that tho sacred order of the episcopate had come to him through the hands of one Avho linked to gether in his own person in a manner quite unique the three names of Rome, Ireland, and Australia, in fact these three headings would form a great chapter in the life work of his Eminence. He was ono of Rome's most learned priests, one of Ireland's great est Bishops, and Australia's only Cardinal. Australians were generally credited Avith having a strong appreciation of themselves, but thoro was ono fact in connection Avith their history Avhicli Avas certainly not over emphasised. That fact was that they Avere in tho presence of tho highest dignitary after the Popo and royalty Avhun thoy were in Iho presence of tho Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney. Thoy saw reviewers and journalists stating that Australia had ad vanced exceedingly in tho knowledge and estimation of tho world by tho historical event known as tho Soudan contingent — (laughter), but he believed their country had advanced to a much greater degree by the permanent residence in her chief city of one Avho had worn Avith befitting dignity for twelve years tiie historical Roman purple. (Applause.) Ho said the Cardinal was one of Ireland's greatest Bishops : he was also ono of tho niost^consistont and patriotic of her sons, and the Avisdom of God's provid ence was shown in placing suitable pastors over His people. By his presence there that day his Eminence had placed them all under a vory groat debt of gratitude, and his own sinoercst wish in saying throe times to him at tho altar that day ' nd multos annos ' (many years of happiness) was suf ficient to express his feelings towards him. He asked them to drink ' Long life and success to his Eminence tho Cardinal.' (Applause. ) The Cardinal, who was warmly applauded, said after the speech they had just listened to from tho newly consecrated Coadjutor, lio Avaa inclined to think he had mado a mistake in imposing hands upon him that day. (Applause and laughter). Ho took it for granted that Dr. Dwyor Avas one of thoHo simple Australians ho had mot at times in Sydney, but his inexperience of tho country had ducoivod him in his judgment of tho Coadjutor. Thoro could bo no mistake that Australian as Dr. Dwyer was ho must have visited that portion of Ireland knoAvn as Blarney. (Laughter) Ho had to confess that, somo twuuty years ago he thought, ho had the pleasure of receiving a visit from, Dr. Dwyor as a young student. He was then in Kilkenny, but he thought ho must have gone from there to .Blarney. (Laughter). After twenty years had passed ho never imagined this simple minded student would,. bo not only showing the fruits but deriving 'tho advantages ho received bv his visit to that historic place. But ho begged to assure them that it was quite a matter of delight to him that -\\*y to perform that religious ceremony. Tho Feast1 of Pontocost Avas tho feast of joy. It Avas tho first that had pleased tho Holy Church, and yoar after yuar from then till tho nineteenth century tho Holy Ghost has repeatod that divino miracle. Ho oaino as tho great Paraclete, tho great Comforter, and if so it showed how tho Holy Ghost in sending tho ono thoy had that day con secrated to assist their bolovwl Bishop in his advancing voars did so to bring him all strength and vigour which the .Holy Church delighted to impart to those who had laboured faithfully and well in Holy Church. It Avas a feast of joy to his Lordship the Bishop of that dioooso and to everyone who had the interests and Avolfaro of Australia at heart. With ovory word Dr. Dwyor said about Australia that day ho fully and heartily agreed. There Avas a great future for Australia. The wishes and aspirations of Holy Churoh and tho divino successor of St. Potor who guides her wore for hor success. It was not without a groat and merciful design on tho part of Providence that aftor 1800 years tho light of Christian faith should bo shod on this great continent. Tho darkness, however, had passed away, and she Avas now lit up by tho greatest light of Christian civilisation and Christian blessings. If that had taken place in Australia in a hundred years it showed that a great destiny awaitod hor. Ho had already said ho looked to Australia as a future source of light and blessings which woro still in tho shadow of doubt, All Australia should rejoico that day ohat ono of hor oavm sous had boon crowned with tho episcopal dignity, and not only tho whole of Australia, but tho whole of tliu Australian Church. Siuou coming to Maitland ho 'had mado an nHtronoiiiioiu discovery. It had been said that tho prelates of thu Churoh woi'o liko plauots in tho spiritual firmament, but ho would remind thorn that all planets had not tho same spuoiilo gravity. (Laughter). Ho thought they all wished his Lordship tho Coadjutor Bishop might follow in tho footsteps of tho Bishop of Armidale, and that when ho bocamo a full grown planet of Australia that he might be worthy of the name. (Applause). It was a matter of joy to all to see that his Lord ship the Bishop of that diocese had received from the hands of the Vicar of Christ one who would lie a pillar of strength to him and a source of blessings in his declining years, leading to tho path of Heaven, it was a source of joy to sec young and vigorous men taking up the cross and bearing it for the standard of Christ. T)r. Murray, the venerable Bishop of that dioceso, had knowledge and experience, and it was not to bo expected that he was always to be a lamp for the guidance of his brother prelates. Ho had brought to this diocese the noble sisters of St. Dominic, who had extended their influences and manifold blessings and graces to those whose edu cation had been entrusted to their care. He had brought tho sons of St. Alphonsus too, and had conferred blessings on the wholo of Australia as well as on the dioceso by doing this, and they could all rejoice with him when he now received a coadjutor to enable him to persevere in this great work which ho has so long and earnestly carried on. He asked them in conclusion to drink to the health of the Coadjutor Bishop whom they had assisted in raising to tho Episcopal dignity. (Applause). Dr. Dwyer responded in a happy speech. Ho , said there lived in Italy in the fifteenth century a famous painter named Fra An golico. This artist monk used to paint angels of most exquisite form, and when asked how he could paint in so perfect a way beings he had never seen, he answered that ho represented them as ho thought they ought to bo. His Eminenco would exe'uso him for saying that like Fra Angclico he had represented him as ho ought to be. From the venerable prelate, who still, thank Cod, ruled that diocose, and they all hoped would rule it for many years to come, to tho generous clergy, the devoted sisterhood, and the faithful laity all had fancied to them selves in thinking of him an ideal which ho should bo, but which unfortunately ho was not. Cod was howovor able to do much good with very inferior instruments, and they would romombor that the first Pen tecost wrought a wonderful change in the first Bishops of the Church. From tho position in which he was placed ho could, notwithstanding his unworthiness, foresee a vast field of good to be accomplished with the blessing of God. Who was there know ing even a little of the history of the Catho lic Church in Australia, and loving as Catholics did the welfare and progress of the Church, that would not deem it a noble work, and worthy of any personal sacrifice to comfort the declining years of the I venerable Bishop of that diocese ? Ho had truly 'borne the burdens of the day and the heats,' and he had the consolation of seeing as the fruit of his labours under God, a well-organised diocese, a zealous and de voted priesthood, a band of religious sisters of which any diocese might be proud, and a laity who were a bright example of fidelity to duty and generosity in works of religion and charity. If to continue and advance these noble results of the episcopate of Maitland's first Bishop, his humble powers could avail anything, he must not think of withholding them. No, he said, on that important occasion ' non recuso laborem.' Ho intended, with God's help, to devote himself entirely to the task that had been assigned him, to co-operate with the Priests and Nuns of that important diocese in carrying out and perfecting tho works of religion and Catholic education which they had bnen enabled to accomplish under the direction of their venerable Bishop ; and it was his hope that in the execution of this task he might continue to be to him in the evoning of his life, what he had hitherto striven to bo — a devoted son. (Applause). Bishop Dwyer proposed the toast of 'The visiting Prolates,' which was responded to by their Lordships of Bathurst, Armidale, Grafton, and by Dr. Higgins. ' Our Visitors,' proposed by Bishop Dwyer, was responded to by the Very Revs. John Ryan, S.J., and Dr. Sheehy, and by Messrs. John Meaghor and Frank Clark, M.P. In proposing 'Tho Clergy, secular and regular, of tho diocese of Maitland,' his Eminence paid a graceful compliment to the learning, piety, self-sacrifico and zeal of tho devoted priests under Dr. Murray's juris diction. In referring to the Vicar-General, the Very Rev. Dr. Hand, he said that nothing would give him greater pleasute than to lay consecrating hands upon the head of that ecclesiastic, who was held in the highest esteem by the whole of the hierarchy of Australia. The toast was en thusiastically received, and was responded to by the Very Rev. Drf Hand, V.G., and the Hon, and Very Rev. W, Plunkett, C.SS.R. 'The Laity, Ladies, and Executive Com mittee,' was proposed by Bishop Dwyer, and responded to by Mr, 'Michael Miirray, 'Dr. Murray' was received with a perfect ovation, when proposed in a happy, elo quent speech, by his Lordship of Bathurst. The Bishop briefly replied, and thanked priests and people for their kindness to him 