CURRENT EVENTS. Amberito won the A.J.C. Derby at Rand wich on Saturday. The Epsom Handicap, run for in Sydney on Saturday, was won by Irobin Hood. At Brisbano on Saturday the N.S.W. footbllcrs again defeated thoe Queoenland team. In the fioal match for the senior premier ship on ntaturday, the Carllons boat the Maitland Club. The Rev. R. MI. Bowlec, of Carrington, is to supply the pulpit of the Congregational Church at Bathurst. A mon named Joseph Lloyd had two ribs broken by a fall of coal in the Lambton pit on F? y evening. Edwalrd Allabeol, a boy residing at Oar doeor's-road, Alexandria, was attacked and bitten by a dog on Friday night. Ho wase taken to Prince Alfred Hospital. The Rev. BSeth Jones. president of the Baptist Inion, is on an eflicial visit to Tam worth, wheore he assisted at the colobration of the anniversary of the loal Baptist Church yesterday. William James Brown was taken to the Ballina lospital frmn Riley's Hill quarry, where had been crushed by a fall ofi stone. He died during the night. He loaves a wifo and five young children. The now organ just erected in the Home bush Congregational Church was used for the first time on Wednesday, when the pastor (the Rev. W. Cunliffo Jones) was married to Miss Lance, saccond daughter of Mr. Walter L.ance. A young man named Walter Eames, living at Potorsham, was knocked down on Satur day morning by a passing vehiols while crossing George-street West. He was taken by the Civil Ambulance Brigade to Prince Alfred Hospital. Last night a large audience listened with interest to Mr. R. Whito's lecture ,cn "Hypatia and Bruno: Two Martyrei of Freedom," under the auspices of the Spiritual Research Bociety in the Cambrian Hall. Miss Hall sang the beautiful song COra Pro Nobie." Acetylene por sc has beoon rejected as an illuminant on the German railway trains, on account, it is stated, of the rikl attending its use. A mixture of 30 per cent. of acetylene and 70 ptr cent. of oil-gas has, however, been adopted in place of coal-gas. By the latter method no change in the apparatus for stor ing and distributing the gas has bheen re. quired. "oerchant" writes:-" I endorse overy word contained in the letter of your corro spondent * Shortland's Ghost,' in your Baturday's issue, referring to the uearly closing of the local telegraph office, and hope that our Chamber of Commnerce will take the matter up in a vigorous spirit. There is certainly loom for improvement in the direction indicated." During the past six months the number of pounds of milk treated at the uialla Butter Factory, Crookwell, amounted to 047,610, being a decrease of 115,0791b on the corre sponding period of last year, thus proving the severity of the season just exporienced. The receipts this year amounted to £1237 15s 5d, as against £2773 6e Id last year. The amount paid to the suppliers was £1005 3s 10d. A cruise round the British Empire is being organiced by Dr. Lunn in commemoration of the Jubileo year. It is intended (says a London correspondent) that the voyage shall commence on December 28, proceeding via Gibraltar, Malta, Cyprus to Egypt, Aden, Bombay, Calcutta, Colombo, Madras: Burma, Singapore, Brisbane, New Zealand, tydney, Melbourne, Adeolaide, Perth, Natal, and Cape Colony. Menior- sergeant I'Vano, assisted by several of the water police, effectoed the arrest on Saturd?y of five seamen belonging to the steamer B3ahltain on a charge of having embezzled a portion of the ship's cargo. The steamer had on board a cargo of goods from the Gulf of Martaban, a, and it is alleged that the seanmen of the Balmain on the voyage from Sydney helped themseives to a quantity of wearing apparel. They will appear at the court to-day. lMr. Guthric has been instructed by the Minister for Agriculture to provide accomo dation at the experimental farms for carry ing out systematic investigations with reference to the question of soil, bacteria, and their influence on the fertility of the land, alao for feeding experiments and in vesrigations into the most suitable fodder crops, as well as systematic examination of the native grasses and other experiments, which may tend to show the fertility of the soils. Theo latest European files gieo parlieulars of an appalling family Irabgdy whiich hap pened at the small Italian town of Vigna nello, in the Romagna. Giosifatti Nobili, who had only returned to his home after serving a term of penal ervitude for homicide, quarrelled violently with his family, and sud denly seizing a large knife murdered on the spot his wife, his sister-in-law, his mother in-law, his grandmother, and his cousin. He then ran amok armed with the knife, and wounded four other persons. Regarding the utt-raucca of Secretary Bherman, a New York journat Esys: "The Government is suffering serious harm from the holding of one of its most important offices by e man fast lapeing into se:nility. Mr. Shoen'ari is suffering so sorely from the infirmities of ago that he is utterly disquali fied from holding the oflice of Secretary of State. MIr. M'lKinley is called upon to put an end to this intolerable candal. Senitity at the head of our foreign relationo may at any time predicate serious trouble in our intercourse with foreign natioens." The Westinghouse Machino Company. of Pitteburg, has begun the construction of what is considered to be the largest gas engine ever built,:it being averred that at any rate it will bhe the largest on the other side of the Atlantic. ihe engine is to he of an approved pattern, with a capacity of 700 horse-power. Should tho engine turn out to be the success its builders anticipate, it is understood that it will be purchased and placed in the Allegheny County Light Conm pany's plant. At the time of his assassination, Senor Oanovas, the Spanish Premier, was visiting the baths at Santa Agneda, near Vittoria. Golli, who was a compositor, followed him there, and met him often. Canovas remarked upon the obsequious manner in which Golli bowed to him whenever they met. The Premier was sitting on a bench reading a newspaper when Golli appronohed and fired at him, point blank. When removed to Verzara, Golli said, "I now see my Calvary is beginning. I know it litlle matters; the priest will try to convert me, and the usual comedies will be performed; I well remember what happened to others." Mr. Olayton Beadle, in a recentlecture, treating on the subject of the invention of paper proper, that is, paper in the modern acoeptation of the word, aflirms that the Chinese were undoubtedly the inventors of paper, as they were of gunpowder, but in neither ose have they always received the credit that is their due. Credit has been given to Joseph Arma, an Arabian, for hav ing in the year 704 invented the art of mak lag paper. The leading authorities agree, however, that the Chinese made paper from ootton rags centuries before the knowledge of it came to the Arabs. Two French civil engineers and three hydrologloal experts of the same nationality have just arrived in Raesia in order to study on the spot a question which has already been mooted more than once, viz. that of construoetin a canal between the Volga and the Don. The oexponse of the undertaking is appromimately estimated at 65,000,000 roubles. It isthought that the constrouction of suoha canal would confer great benefits on Bneeian trade by opening up a now meazs of transit to the Black Sen and the Sen of Aoflt, not only for RBusesan but also for Siberian produce brought to the Volga by I the new Biberian railway. Tho Wtalolend footballers played th Volunteer Club in SydnSyny ... ..t.. " he seomi.final of the l cup omn aturtay nd aftr a very exeitiung g? ue adro? pea On Thursday a labourer named Wilfu tames Brown was severely crushed between .wo stoned while workingi in Riey's iw luarry, Ballina. T1h 1 suffererl who ai tfterwards removed to tho Mallina BHotasi ucounmbod to his injuries on the folloig .ar. John Hay, of Stockton, had a verdict given against hiu in the District Court on Oaturday for £200-tho full amount of a claim by a carter named James Bronnan of Coolk's Hill, who, during Inat Easter enuffered severo injuries owing to a fall of earth at cutting being mado for the defendont in The council of the Urilctd Caledonia Socioltic of Newcastle, Wall'end, and hinmi net last Saturday evening in Piko's refre?h mont rooms, Eolton-street, Mdtr AlecrPatriic in the chair. The programme of sports for November 9 was gone into, and it was de cided to stand over till next meeting, wsh it will be decided whether the programme shall include military events. The Sixth Regiment Anustralian RiflegBi. mont tois now 690 strong, the three city corn. panics being full, and also the Goulbmrn company. A few recruits are required It complete the Newtown and Hornuby con. pares. These c.n be enrolled, Newtown recruits at headquarters on any Monday Wedneoday, or Friday, and Hornaby reruila at Hornoby on Saturday, 18th inPtnnt Owing to the greater liberality of the Queensland Government in tubsidiing sgai. cultural societies the Mungindi P. and A Society has decided to hold its show over the border. The Moreo P. and A. Society bee decided to hold its next show on April 27 ad 28, and as a largo amouut hans been expended on improvements it has been resolved tl apply for a special grant of £500. The nen employed at the Government quarry at Waratah in connection with the harbour improvement worlks, though they rcceived a late invitation, have resolved It take part in the Eight Hour Demonstration Mr. James HI'Ewen wao elected chairman, Mr. Robert Anderson treasurer, and Sir David Williams secretary. Mr J. M'Eet wan elected delegate to the eight hour com. mittee. Combadello Station (Moree) recently finished shearing after an uninterrupted ronn. Twenty-.ight shearers put through 6S,000 sheep, the clip from which amounted to 3l0 bales of wool. W. Manders was the ringr with 3500 sheep, Hourigar:, of Inverell coming second with 3400, and Gus White and L RI'Oall, Armidnal, cut out 3000 and 2750 respectively. The highest tally ws credited to Hourigan with 185 sheep in a day, Manders was next with 172, and White 154 His Honor Judge Murr?y on Saturdly afternoon gave a verdict for the defendant in the caee Beale and Co. v. e:dward William Nowing, with costs against the company. The evidence ehowed that the piano wohith plaintiff had agreed to purchase was not such a one as described by the company at the time the agreement was entered into. Thii judgment was postponed from Thursday in the hope that the parties would arrive at an amicablo settlement, but this was impossible, for the reason that the c-mpany refused to pay the costs of the action. A marriage took place at the Preshyterieh Church, Kogarah, on Wednesday afternocn, the contracting parties being James Fogc Kom Yec, of Newcastle Presbyterian MiRioB Church, and Miss Annio E!izr.boh Fnller. The Rev. James Lamont performed the cer. mony. The bride was prettily attired in cream cashmere, and buttercup silk, with wreath and veil. She carried a handtCmf bouquet, the gift of the bridegroom. its church was crowded during the eererosy. After entertaining their friends at afrenmot tea, the happy coupla left for Sydney. A plan has just been brought forward in Sweden referring to the construotion of floating factories for the mannfactmreclill kinds of tinned fish, &c.; The factory wonel consist of sea-going veesels, with cemplete manufacturinginatallations on board, which vessels would anchor close to the fishic? fleets. By this means the raw material-the fish-could be. taken in hand when leech, and, the factory being portable, it couldat any time be removed to the most favonrabt! plIce for obtaining the fish, according tolth seasons and other incidental causes. A London contemporary states that "tIe greatest novelty ever secn on home or forign waters" is the " umbrella boat," eo-c·lle~ because of the fact that the sails fold opjet as the covering of an umbrella doel. At first sight this would Eeem a drawback, bat in reality, so it is asserted, it is notso, for the mechanism is the sipl]est possible, al when tecting the sail is merely shifted frtm ono side to the other. The boat is alight oner, and sails very fast, and seems admirably adapted for sailing on rivers or any mqiet bay. One of the most recnet applications dis. covered for the famous X rays cf Rintgenit the detection of adulteration in food. Stoe Parisian coffeo was photographed recently by the medium of the rays, and various adulters. tiones by dried beans and other mnteriesa were discovered. Pcpper was alos shontin the same manner to be aunlterated with powdered cement, and the difference betwean fresh te, leaves and leaves that had already been infused was very clearly marlkedin tll photographic plates. At a recent meeting of the London Physic!al society. Dr. Thomson exhibited epecimers"i a heat-indicating paint, composed of adoutls iodido of copper and mercury, originally di* covered 20 yearo ago by a German phyitiit. At ordinary temperatures the paint isred, but when heated to S7dog C. (206deg Frhr.) it turns black. Paper painted with this con. position and wermed it a stovr exhibits th change in a few seconds. A yellow doubls iodide of silver and mercury is eovn. mno sensitive to heat, changing from yelloFio dark red at a temperature of 45deg O. (llSdeg Fahr.). The Dampier dramatic peason at the Vie. toria Theatre, which has been very successltl, came to a conolusion on Saturday night, when, in the presonce of s large andiefc, the company produced the realistic and setn sational melodrama, "A TransvalHeroie" -a piece founded on Rider H-iggard's famnol novel " Jess," in which the recent cri:i in South Africa was vividly depicted As tle heroine, Miss Lily Dumpier was seen to great advantage, and Mr Alfred Dnn.pier Sat decidedly amusing cs Charles Woodfo0l. Mr. Dnamier and tfmily nud 'esos. Bulhr and Rolfo left for Bydney by last eoenaieg train. The company intends opeuing at It Lyceum next Saturday. On Saturday night Mesras. Plane lan Lomet staged their now programme for th Biographo, and to judg, bty the frcitent applause the majority of the wonderful vices were much appreciated. The art that 0o5 photograph the moving orowd and reprod" very anotion and feature is truly a marslot one. The picture relating to Sr. Anthon? y?, however, a trifle too realistic for Newc? r people, who never road in their Sorlplr? about this pious personage.p A coplet change of programme is oeftrod this ,wee, wcioh will inolude the celebrated "Cfim n Dama " and the famous " Charge of the Bousehold Cavalry." Messrs. M. A. Praser and Co. will sel bl auction, this morning at their rrcms, utnr° deemed pledge. . Messrs. Sydney Dlsa and Co. ill sel b auotion, to-day at their rooms, taologge Messre. Oreer and Berkeoloy will, this mo, ing, continue their sale of salvage stl e t their rodme, Wolfe street. 