TEE MIGHTY AGTS.OF GOD. '1 m. „ By John Clitfoud, D.D. Preached in Westbourne Park Chapel, . London, on resuming his ministry after an /.absence Of seven months.: : I will come .with the mighty acts of the Lord God; >;s: twill's makeimontion'. o£ Thy, righteousness, even of . . ■Thine only.—Psalm lxx.uy 10. commencing to-day the fortieth \--■year s'of;'my ministry among you. : After 'one" of the-longest,- and 1 am sure I ''may- say E&fely;, the-most-helpful, holiday I have ever bad I am Legmmng my. ■ - work with aiTold and- familiar theme ; taking to the plough once. more with the • hopes and -'-•'•wxth'^ the anticipations of spring-time in my; \- heart, and also m yours, resolved, as- in the '= days past, to scatter the seed, tho incorruptible \- seed of,-the-Word of'God, which hveth and ;--?abideth ;for ever, all round us, in anticipation that harvests like those we have reaped in •'. years gone'by should be reaped■ to the praise »: andiglory. of'tjod. It is exactly thirty-nine -v- years-; this very-morning since - on- the other sfdo?ofr Paddington -I- took for my text the is;, words^ "I will goin the strengh of the Lord " God, I will make mention of Tby righteousness, • even of-Thine only." You will notice there is ii a change between the Revised and Authorised •iK'jVersions; and T think • many of you will be • prepared to admit that that change m itself is r imost-fit. and. opportune. ; There is about the ^-. Authorised Version the dash, intrepidity, re \ soluteness of youtn. ; There is something of . the - trust of a long experience of-life-in the Version which i3 called Revised. "I " • willgo"-—I remember • laying; emphasis on ■,;:the purpose, , on thejhigh- aim,- and on .'the • resoluteness. of the spirit, as well as on the dependence upon God expressed m .-that sen-' . tence, "I will go m the strength of the Lord God.", " I .- But after 39 years of work I am glad to be '■ able to-take this 'Revised Version- not simply • as itself being more accurate in rendering of ■:-.the:original,.but also as more accurately ren dating my .own temper and disposition ; for. looking over those-years I see, as I did not See •- when 1 was only 22, that the emphasis is not -.to be-laid so much .upon our own dependence -. upon -.God as it is : upon His mighty acts, . His - great strength, as it works in the ' advance of righteousness, and in the \-- production of redemptions.. Paul plants with unwearied assiduity,-with prolonged devotion, wearing -himself out in the effort;Apollos with his eloquent", speech' and : fertile- mind ." .waters-the seed which has been sown; but God-gives the increase, prepares for-it long . - years before the seed is Bown. When, the seed ; -is m the: earth He/Himself is watering it with the dews of His Spirit, and when grown into \- the ear, it is His sunshine comes down upon ;■ it, and ripens it so that it may be converted \- ; into, nourishing bread for hungering humanity, .-v ; I take, therefore, the old theme of 39 years ago, though with a new and chastened spirit; :-and I delight to think that you, my beloved : fellow-workers, are prepared.nl a review of ' - the past to accept the expression of the singers > of old time as a true, rendering of our own .thought I can hardly expect to have 39 more ■■•'years.with you, though the 39 _ that have gone have ..-been so joyous,; so rich in happiness,' so \- blessed in service to our race, that 1 should not \- regret, were my«strength maintained, to have ^another.- thirty-nine: with you ; but bo . the v - years few or many we come up from the years gone with the mighty acts of the Lord girding ; us round and strengthening us for our future service, determined that there shall nothing ■ lack:of consecration, or of unselfishness, or of \- high aim necessary to secure the harvest'we 'seek. It is said, concerning this Psalm, that it. is \- .simply a cento of phrases selected from other -.' Psalms; But a man may quote, not simply for . the filling up of time in a perfunctory manner,vbut for. filling out the expression of < -his own soul in language which has become con ■ secratedin its use by a man of similar expe :■ l-ienee and; similar hopes. Although this is a '.-■'Psalm mader- up --largely-- of «quotations—; . .and what ; .are we .made - up; of, any \- of us 1 .We are quotations from- top to bottom. . and all around! Whateyer wealth we have of thought, whatever aspiration. and: capability i;-we have . for. service, we are quotations. . Certainly,- therefore, ; -we should; not be .-amongst - those who will look with less \- favor upon this Psalm- because it con \- sists of -a string of quotations from other, ... Scriptures, for the.Psalm throbs with feeling; it is saturated with accumulated experiences, and the man breathes out his own desires with \- the -greater strength because: he feels he" is ; • along the lines of men who have gone before -. him in,his experience of; the grace and power of God as well as in his high purpose. \- -, THE MIGHTY-ACTS OF THE XOBD. TKe- theme -around which these quota tions - are : gathered - is that of the acts . of the- Lord as they exhibit ^themselves /in their - - marvellous - strength , revealing a personal will, and; exhaustless energy, and : they show : God championing the cause of justice ? and- righteousness everywhere and \- always, , and 'they discover Him to us 'as ever in His strength, and- in His- righteousness /Redeemer,-the God of- salvation— " My inouth \- Bfaall tell of Thy righteousness, and of Thy \- salvation all the- day, for. I know not the ■ numbers- thereo£."y I cannot spell out the ; story to the end j it is really exhaustless. I will come'with _the mighty acts of the Lord' as ■ with-materials for .endless praise. Since the -'man-' is 'himself - in .perilous -circumstances, surrounded by enemies,. he speaks' of -these \- - mighty-acts as though.they were an'"invul nerablo coat of mail-clad in which he may ■ stand:-in'-the midst; of. foes- fearlessly and ■ triumphantly. - v-The mighty acts of the Lord, : theinterposition of •; God in- the history of mankind,\ the •- exercise of : His own personal \- wiU 'stid; in - subjection: to law which He -' Himself imposed, in • harmony with order, ' the order of- which - He Himself , is the origin,- and therefore • performing; deeds that - -'by: their ■,very- might ? stand out from the. ordinary and uniform course of •• human.experience, deeds that are creative of • new epochs ■ like:■ the. choice - that affected the chieftain Abraham, so that Ho is filled with a \-- new.conception of Godj and starts not merely . a' new- famdy; but becomes the head of: a hew : race, and also.the founder of a .new religion ; -deeds of expansion, of ■ enlargement like this ' ."which: issued in .the election; of Joseph to \- - the rule oL Egypt, so that the people, v animated . with . a. •. new -.. thought of ': God, \- might- also - bo- -enriched - withthe - result of Chaldean civilisation-, through Egypt," ;ts recent discoveries—discoveries that .have, been brought-to -light since I have left you—have toldus; deeds,not Bimply of extension, hilt deeds of deliverance, such as the Exodus; and deeds like, the" overthrow .of the 'guilty cities of Sodom" and Gomorrah—-" I will come clad with these 'mighty acts'of"the 'Lord God, as in a boat ythatjis absolutely impenetrable, and as with con victions that will; sustain me amid all the exigencies and;.:pefils;sof My human life.* These mighty acts' disco ver , to . us that God's purpose is absolutely triumphant, -.that His plans ; cannot be^brokenrup and; scattered,, that, His; couneir stands fast, and that His thought endures from generation to genera tion. • • It does not seem so always; it seeros often as if the Deity were baffled and overcome by •the-;>vickednes3 of.'men,: as though His own aims were frustrated by the lower and baser aims of other wills. Hut this is only tem porary. . When we get down to the deep meaning of the revelations of . God's strength we discover .this—that He really is victorious in the output:of . His force, and that .His. personal will is, though late,- yet surely triumphant. Therefore this psalm ends with the note of victory. There is many a plaintive line' in it, the ' old man feels his peril, but he finishes with a shout that is: full of the strength of assured con viction that the strength of Jehovah is itself triumphant over all the- machinations, -and .follies, over all the vices and the sins of man kind. ' EVOLUTION IN THE MINISTER'S STUDY. . There is no doubt in the thinking world— the thinking world has its thinking deter mined for it to a very great extent just now by the principle of the evolution—that this is the hinge of the thought of mankind, and that that great*, generalisation has been productive. : of reconciliation of sundry sciences, and; has also given tp ' us points of view, for the interpretation of the intellectual and moral ■ development of nian Icihd that will be productive of changes in the thought of man greater than .yet seen. I do not say that the doctrine of. evolution has passed into the universal pulpit I am afraid not; but it , cer tainly has got into- the study of the minister. And I am., not certain .that the absolute phrases born in another age, in pre- Darwihian times; aire not still heard from our pulpits, from platforms, and occasionally met with in the press. . But Ldo rejoice to think that this conception is taking- possession of the thought of mankind; and this postulate —Tdescribe it simply as a postulate—is bring ing to us greater'ad vantages in our conception of God, for it does not mean' suspension of the action of God, bat the .illumination of it. It does not mean the culmination: of the. free choice of God, but the distinct sphere in which that free choice still operates. It is not the extinction of the personal will— that can never be extinguished,; nor evidence for it destroyed. For, whilst'it proclaims to us that there'has been out of almost unformed germs-wonderful developments, it does not prohibit'us from looking for the beginner of every beginning, :for the creator of every new departure of human .thought and effort. And, therefore, .1 find men are still," notwithstanding they are in the presence of this fresh concep tion of the whole -human life, full of the memory of His mighty acts. The mighty acts of the Lord God are clothing me.as with a coat of mail,-, and filling, me with material for endless praise. .»•/. ' • /. THE GOD OF JUSTICE. It ought not to be difficult for us to recog ■nise.the advantage springing from the memory charged to the full with the mighty acts of God. r You have.seen a child coming morning hy morning "to its ." tasks—some of them very monotonous and wearisome; enfolded in the memory of father's strength and of mother's wisdom, it has gone through the day's duty courageously and hope fully, sustained, though perhaps without any speech concerning it, by the thought of homo and the-character portrayed there, so that if the child's thought could find expression if would be' in language, like this—"I will go clothed with the mighty, acts of our Lord God as they are" exhibited in - father and in mothe^.'-' Napoleon found strength for himself, in studying . the career of Alexander; and Correggio in contemplation of ' the work:-; of preceding painters. Men every where . have got - inspiration and strength for the doing of their own work from the contemplation of the great deeds either of theif contemporaries or predecessors. If a child derives inspiration and strength from his father, and a man from bis brother, how much more'shallwe derive strength' from the mighty acts-of God, and solace our hearts with His great display, of power, confident that what we have committed to Him of hope, faith, and service will be safe against that day. But the . Hebrew never , can be for long an idolator of force as force. -All the mighty acts of God concentrated themselves upon the punishment of any such false worship. Men guilty ■* of idolatry of power, like Abah _ and other kings, are described as not doing 'that which is right in the sight; of God. : Strength, apart , from character, never met with any approbation; from prophetic. IsraeL _ Great ness was not . estimated according to range., of ' service or : loftiness ; of_ posi tion, but it Was .estimated according to quality-of character; and hence this man, who speaks again and again concerning themighty acts of the Lord, describes these mighty acts as acts of righteousness. You can see that he is one who has faced the turmoil and the strife of human life, who has been puzzled. bythe conflicts in the expe riences of good men and bad men, who has again and; again' had to face the controversy concerning the triumph of wickedness and the prostration and overthrow of goodness, and who, nevertheless, having faced all these, "still comes out" with the statement, God is! right, God is just, and God's mighty acts are for righteousness, they are for justice. The singer has gone, down to the pillars of the world ; he sees on. what humanity really rests; he recognises .-.there is an order, and that God, Himself has created it, sustains it,r is working according to it, and will make it finally vic torious. His song is concerning the God who has.never failed to put Himself by the. side of. justice. I could almost' have, wished- our revisers' had followed the translation of the French in this case and had said "justice" instead of "righteousness," for we have become so theological in our interpretation of -this word ^righteousness .as ' almost to, restrict it to individual righteous ness, and to think of God . as , though He did not set Himself by the side of men and women who are' seeking to-establish- justice upon the earth. It is for us always to rejoice in the fact that our belief in universal justice starts in the conception of our belief in per sonal justice, and God make3 us invincible in this trust by bringing us to partake of the new life; Ask anyone why he is _ perfectly sure that justice will one day be universal, and the probability is he will at once say, " I: am born again, , not of flesh, not , of man, not of blood, but of God, and I am made partaker of His righteousness." And out of that expe rience there comes up the feeling that the righteousness to .which we are born is" the righteousness which will be enthroned, and in that personal conviction we have refuge from every storm that assails us, and when we our selves go down beneath the billows of mis fortune, our property gone from us, our earn ings gone from iis, still we do not lose faith in the certainty of ultimate universal righteous IDEALS AND CIVILISATION. - , Whilst tliat is the conviction of my text, I1 am certain that it goes far beyond personal righteousness and. contemplates the establish ment of. justice everywhere upon this earth. That this is so I would illustrate by the trend of recent events. There " is the constant heightening of the standard of individual duty. The progress of civilisation is a progress in ideals. . There is a greater tendency to bfing under the definition of sin acts, in dividual'and collective, that formerly were scarcely recognised as being within the scope of that phrase. That that heightening of the standard of individual duty has been accom plished by the Spirit of God within the last century, with these thirty-nine years of our fellowship; there are evidences all round. You cannot have the same conception of man in his relation to man that you had when we started at Praed-street. Before I had been there six months I was denounced as a man preaching political sermons. Why? Simply because 1 said a man must be just all round, that there is nothing fragmentary or partial in justice. I thank God that_ throughout this ministry I have made mention of His justice and His righteousness; you people, even when my utterances have gone counter to your own judgment, aye, and to your own interests, have said, "Freedom of speech is the right of eveiy minister of ours, and therefore that freedom is his;" and you have not only accepted the message but you have been ready; to do, as far as in you lay, what you could to further in civic life and in political life to establish these principles of justice. If in my . .journey round -the world there was one. thing more than another to make me glad it was-to see the ascent of this principle everywhere. It has got into our Parliaments to a far greater extent in Australasia, and in Canada, than in England; it has got into our/ conceptions of religious establishments, it has passed into the interpretation of education; in fact, this same principle of justice, one of the mightiest prin ciples: that can possibly be advocated, is that which is everywhere, slowly I admit, and in the face of great opposition, yet'surely gaining ground. God hasten its enthronement for the sake of man, His child 1 On the last point I must utter one word. You perceive, do you not? that the term love and righteousness is interchangeable here. He has no_ blurred conception of God which wpuld make'it, permissible to recognise the conflict in Him between.love and justice. Love can not be "unjust. -. Justice cannot be without love. The harmony of the Almighty,' of His whole nature, is one of the finest revelations of God in the Old Testament Scriptures. ' -The. Psalmist almost tends to . resolve not merely morality into.love, but: all God's love: into V morality. and all God's power into redemptive effort. God will redeem ! It is Jesus who takes up the message of the Psalm is t and in His life illuminates each par- J ticular point. In His temptation Ho shows ; how. power is to bo used only for obedience to the. will of God and for.serviee to mankind; in His dying the • death • of the ;cross bow death ./itself is to be ' faced and borne; t and,-in His 'whole ministry from first to i last how all power is to be used for the purpose ! hf saving other people. Redemption is the one. . word that sums up at once the goal and the ' motive of God: .To redeem. His'mighty acts are performed; to save, He advances righteous ness upon the earth. His great work is His work of redemption. And, brothers, lie calls us to co-operate with. Him: We exist together as a Christian Church' so that wo may co-operate with Him. He gives us His: strength for this ; He" shows us His character for thisHe makes the love of God to abound in our hearts by the Holy Ghost for this. What the world most of all needs is that its "Blanched conceptioniof God should be displaced by a vivid, real. Hew Testament conception of God." We have it to-day, and as we have done so in some. slight measure in the years past, so shall we in the years in front of us. We shall come with the mighty acts of the Lord, and we will , make mention of His righteousness, and of His'- only; of His righteousness which is love," and which is love' for redemption. God help us as a Church','"Help us. as in dividuals that we may fulfil His holy will in this His day! Amen. 