^teti4antri€4l%neied THE PHILOSOPHER IN RAGS. Trampcr Snaggs : 'Weary, did ye notice 'by th '. papers tliat thousan's of men wuz gom ?back to work ?' „ , Ditto Jaggs: 'Weel, that 11 be a good ?tiling fer. our bizness.' ' How so ?' v It reduces competition.' ?/ ONE DEGREE HIGHER. They had been college friends, and now some years after, Angela, visiting her former ?i'oommate in her cosy home, said : ' Well, Frances, I have worked pretty hard, ?but at last I've accomplished what I set out ?to. I'm an A.M.' Frances : 'Youliavo dono well, but Ivc ? done better. I'm an ' M. A.' niS WINNING SUIT. I Mrs. Kirtland: 'And why do you think, Sir. Dunley, that tho world is better now and more beautiful than it was thirty- five years ?ago ?' ? ' ? Dunley (who is after her sweet ? daughter) : ' Because— because you were not in it then.' ? Papa Kirtland's objections to the young man have been overriden. A GENTLE REMINDER. One hot Saturday afternoon a total ab stainer, overcome with thirst, went into a Glasgow public-house to get a bottle of soda water. He was amazed to find tho words 'Remember tho Sabbath Day' printed, in large coloured letters over the -bar. ' I am glad to see the trade manifesting- a ?due respect for the Sabbath Day,' he said. ' That notice,' replied the honest Scot, ' is lio a matter o' reverence, but a matter o' busi ness ; it is to remind my customers to get ?their bottles weel filled on Saturday nicht. A HYPOTHETICAL CASE. ' What did tho editor say about your ? story?' asked the young man's friend. v ' I don't believe he liked it very well.' ~' Well, there are differences in the appre ciative faculty as well as in the ability to ?create. The same man's taste will vary ac cording to circumstances.' ' I suggested that, and he agreed with me. He said if a man found himself on a desert island with nothing to read except my story and a back number city directory he might read my story. HAXIMUS. I hold him great who for love's sake _ Caii give with generous, earnest will j Yet he who tabea for love's sweet sake I think I held more generous still. . , CONVINCING PROOF. Cross-examined — ' Tou say you are willing ?to certify that the plaintiff in this case is not 'worthy of belief. Have you good reason to ?consider him a liar ?' Witness : ' I- have — an indisputable rea son.' .Cross-examiner : ' State it, please.' Witness: 'He came arouud to our house last night with an alleged quartette of singers, and, while even the dogs in the neighbourhood howled their protests against the infliction, he persisted in the statement — ' There's music in the air.? ' V 'ROACHES' AS A MEDfciNE. At a certain London hospital, the Lancet tells us, a patient was recently given some extract of malt with instructions to take a teaspoon ful twice a day, commencing on the following morning, and to report himself at the end of a fortnight. At the expiration of this time he returned, and said j;o the physician : . ' Please sir, am I to go on taking them in jects you gave me ?' ? 'Insects,' said the astonished physician, '?what insects ?' \- 'Why them cockroaches, sir I've taken one night and morning in a teaspoonful of the '^sticky stuff.' ? Inquiry elicited that the cockroaches had not been dispensed, but had got into the jar during the first night of its stay in the patient's house. REMORSE. Do naught to-day thou mayest regret to- morrow ; For though to-day may die, its ghost will linger And haunt thee with a ceaseless sigh of sorrow, And point remorse with an accusing finger. Say no unkindly word, or, like an ember In a dead fire, a breath will blow it living; The worst of punishment is to remember When tearsare vain, and wrongsare past forgiving. TAKING PRECAUTION. The mayor of a certain fashionable water : ing- place was seen by tho contractor for a mayoral dinner to go around the table before the banquet'and inspect all the knives. The contractor hastened to assure his worship that ihey were all newly sharpened. ' So I see,' eaid the mayor, ' and I am looking' for a dull . one: at our last dinner I cut my mouth.' LOVE'S YOUNG DREAM. . The wind swept a cloud of dust about them ? as they turn the street corner. ' Did you get any dust in your eyes, dar ling ?' ho asked fondly, holding her .closely to him, as thought to keep the too eager wind away! 'Yes,' she murmured, searching for her handkerchief. . ' Which eye, dearest ?' ! 'The right one, love. Did you get any ? thing in yours ?' she asked anxiously, seeing r. ? ,ii ? „i,:„c ? ? ° aub imuuuuiuuiuL Ui[jjjuar. - 'Yes, darling.' ???,. 'Which eye, dearest?' ? . ' Tho right one, love.' ? 'How sweet!' she exclaimed with, a glad : light glowing in her well eye. ' Do you sup pose, dearest, that it would 'have been' part of the satno piece of dust that got in our oyes, darling ?' ' 'I hope it was,' ho said, beaming with one ?eye and wiping tho other. ' Would it bo sweet, dear ?' ' Wouldn't it, love ?' And tho wind howled around the corner as though it was in pain, and from the house three doors below a dentist's sign fell off into 'the street. ' ? ' HIS POVERTY. ' ' She : ' Do you believe that when poverty ontors the door love flies out of the window ?' He : 'Not at all. It was my poverty that : induced me to fall in love.' UNREASONABLE PEDESTRIANS. ' What's the matter, Scorcher ?' 'Mattor! Just had a row witli a bloke on the crossing l)ecauae I ran him down -with my wheel. Somo ?of theso fellows that walk seem to think they ?o^ntho earth.' 