THE MYSTERIOUS HOUSE. I Tho deteotire bad dropped the paper telling how Salvatoru Cavaliere, tho Long Branch Italian, made his dwelling a storehouse of plunder. " Every house holds its mystery," be began tritely. Then he told tho story of a bouse be would not spocify particularly. " I was detailed to watch it," he went on, " because there was something odd about its tenant. A most respectable house ill a most rcsnectable neighbourhood, it had boon sublet to one William Smith, a small dark man with a foreign accent. " Hp lmd paid six months rout in advance, in lieu of reference, and as the dull summer season was coming on tho ugent bad not quibbled over this slight violation of bis rule requiring references. Whence he came, what his trade, no one could say. The rent was paid iu gold. " After Mr. Smith had movod in-be rooted furnished-the strange proceedings hi- gim which attracted the neighbours' attention. JuHt after sundown muffled mon began to nppcnr at the dour, which would open, revell ing tho dimly lit hall. The visitor entered. Now the peculiar feature of the case was that no ono ever came out, while Mr. Smith oxistcd apparently independent of the butcher and baker. If you rang, the manservant simply told you thnt Ills master was not in. But other persons evidently found him in. Three or four perHons passed that threshold daily, never to reappear over it. Of course tho neighbouring servants whispered marvellous tales of ghosts. If you went and scanned tho faces of those who entered,you found theai to be apparently gentle men, with thin intellectual faces. " Going up the steps tho visitor would peer about as if fearing observation. One of the double hall dsors stood closed. While he waited be invariably stepped behind this screen until the other door was opened. Then it shut on him. You might wait all night and the next day, as 1 have done but tho visitor never re appeared. The house, ho&vily; shuttered, presented an impassive front to the street that told nothing of its mystery. | '. Naturally, I had theories of murder or other crime being committed there. But there wore no reports of missing men and liens paper personals gave no clue. Nor did wo have any complaints or othor evidence justifying a raid. Finally 1 decided to take the matter into my own hands. I did this by boldly going up the steps a third time-1 had been told twice by the strange servant that Mr. Smith was out. On this occasion 1 followed closely on tho heels of one of the visitors, who probably was destined never to appear again. 1 rang, and after a few minutes the door was opened. The same servant stood there. lie was black, with the regular features bolonging to East Indians or North Africans. If you ever venture as far east as Constantinople, you may sue uien of his type iu tho cosmopolitan street throng. The peculiarity of this man wu« his shining black eyes that looked me through and through. He was in tho regulation black coat and white cravat of the house lackey." " Mr. Smith ?" " . Sees no one,' ho began in n slightly foreign accent. A heavily-shaded lamp threw a subdued light on the stairway. " ' But some one entered a half minute before me," I began. On the other occasions I had asked who this mysterious Smith who con cealed an interesting personality very cunningly under that most commonplace name might he, what his occupation, whence he came. On both occasions the door had slammed in my face. " This time I took the precaution to put my foot over the Hill in such a way that the door could not closo. The man attempted it. 1 stepped inside. Tho door swung into its place with a little metallic click. " I fancied tho black eyes snapped angrily, but the man motioned me civilly into au adjoiu ing room. This was an ordinary apartment furnished in tho way of rooms in houses that are sublet, where the bric-a-brac and essentials giving expression have been removed. A lauip with a red shade lit the place. " . Wait. I will see,' said the black. " Presently he returned, this time bearing a silver tray, on which wore a curiously-carved ^ silver decanter and some glasses, with a plate of biscuits. The man made a sort of obeisance I that bad in it something oriental, as if he had stepped out of one of the stories dealing with the Caliph Haroun al Kaschid. " ' While you wait, won't you have some refreshment ? " " His accents wero so suave that, forgetting auy suspicion, 1 did not stay his hand when he poured some liquid like claret into one of the long decanters. Lilting it to my lips I found it was a curious-tasting beverage. JL'or a mnmeut I thought it was molten tire. Then the black retainer appeared to be dancing before my eyes, and I lost consciousness. " When I awoke, I was on the couch in the same room The lamp was still burning. I raised myself up. My head ached terribly. On a chair uoar me sat a little inoukey grinuing and chatleriug. It startled me at first, but in my trade one ceasos to be afraid, because back of everything, however mysterious, wo are accus tomed find human cunning. " I rose, threw back the shutters, and day light poured into the room. I had been there all night. No one stirred except the poor little beast of a gibbering ape. I made my way to the outside door, seeing no one, and ran down the steps into the street, the monkey following. " I returned with the policeman on the beat. We searched the house high and low. There was iio evidence of occupancy beyond that of the little ape. No trunk or clothing or food or even the silver decanter from which J bad drunk. About Ihe ape's neck was a curiously carved little silver chain with some odd cabal istic device At the Zoo in the park they told me that he was of au Indian species. " During all my night stupor, what had be come of the mysterious Mr. Smith and his visitors P They were never seen nor heard of again. The house was juBt an ordinary dwell ing on an ordinary street. But for me it still has an enigmatical expression of inexplicable mystery. 