[PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.] THE GRINDING MILLS OF GOD, By RITA. Author of "Peg the Rake," "Kitty the Rag," "A Woman In It," "A Husband of No Importance," "Joan and Mrs. Carr," "Sheba," &c.;, &c.; [COPYRIGHT.] CHAPTER XXIX.—(Continued.) August 30th. THE LOVELY golden moon- August's queenly moon—is in full splendour in the deep blue sky, and shining over the tranquil breast of the quiet sea. It is close upon ten o'clock. Nurse O'Toole has the night duty, a light office now, for Mary Langrishe always sleeps tranquilly and easily. I had never found she needed sleeping draughts, and took good care to say so in presence of her husband. Nell is in bed, sleeping like a child, and I have come to my room—her room, rather—though she still prefers the dressing-room. I feel too restless to undress or go to bed. I keep think- ing of that lonely trysting place, and I wonder if that ghost story is true, or due to an extra amount of gray matter secreted in a cell of the O'Hooligan brain? I sit here, writing nothing, for I have nothing to write, tracing these idle words, feeling all the time that something is drawing me—drawing me —slowly out of this house, out and over the quiet lonely road that leads to Head Woman's Hill. I have never been there, but I seem to know it so well. Can I resist the power? Shall I obey it? I will—I must. Be it truth or phantasy, a trick of imagination or a story got up for a purpose, I am deter- mined to find it out. I will put on my bonnet and cloak, and then tell Nurse O'Toole I am going for a walk. I often go out in the evening for a stroll in the grounds. She will think it nothing unusual. I can leave one of the French windows unshuttered and return that way. I fancy the servant has gone to bed. She is fond of retiring early and getting up late. Yes, my mind is made up, I will go. August 31. With quiet nerves and steady pulse, and facing the bright daylight, can I believe in the existence of haunting spirits. Unable to rest in their own sphere, bound by some inexplicable law of which we wise mortals know nothing, to return to some spot of their vexatious earthly pilgrimage? Can I, I ask myself, believe this? I only know that last night when, between eleven and twelve, I found myself at the foot of that ill-omened hill, I most certainly and distinctly saw the face of the very woman I had nursed, and laid out for dead in the hospital. Crouched at the foot of the hill, on a heap of stones, her shawl drawn about her head, as the boy O'Hooligan said, so the figure sat as I approached. The full moonlight made everything clear and distinct I know my eyes played me no tricks. And the strangest part of all was that I felt not the least fear. I saw it, and stood a few paces off, coolly regarding it, and sure in my own mind that it was a real being, and that the story had a very rational foundation. But suddenly the figure lifted its head and looked at me from out of the shrouding folds of the shawl. Then, indeed, I knew what fear was. The deadly chilling terror that stops one's heart beats, that makes the hair bristle on one's head, and grips the frame with an icy grasp, that leaves the limbs powerless to obey the instincts of the brain. Such a moment of such a terror was mine. Then it passed, and I grew calm and looked back at the haggard face, with only a sense of wonder. Here was something that I know belonged no longer to this world in which I moved. Here, in likeness of its old self, and yet with a fearsome in- describable change in it, was the face whose eyes I had closed, the lips whose curses still rang in my ears. I must state here that from the mo- ment the fear passed out of me I became conscious of a certain pleasurable in- terest in the phenomenon before me. I had witnessed death so often, in so many ghostly shapes and forms, that it had ceased to alarm or distress me. It only left a haunting desire in my mind to know what really happened afterwards. . . The moment of release. What did it really mean? Was all of earth forgotten? Could the whole mysterious personality of the "ego" change and accept its spiritual garb as it would have accepted a present of new clothes on the earth plane? Those things had perplexed me many times. Now for the first time in my life came an opportunity of questioning a spirit, about whose authenticity I had no manner of doubt. It was a remark- able face—one not easily forgotten—and the most singular circumstance about it was that as the shawl fell back, I noted the hair was cut short, just as it had been in the hospital. I looked at her, and as I looked I saw her slowly rise, and the full golden rays of the moon streamed down upon the ghastly face and the sad despairing eyes. I thought she was about to speak, but she only stood there looking at me, 'Who are you?' I asked, suddenly. 'Will you tell me your name?' There was no answer. I felt per- plexed, but not in the least alarmed. Maybe I have to thank the blood of my Scotch ancestry for that. 'Can you speak,' I went on. 'Is there anything you want?' Then, whether it was voice or sigh, or impression, I cannot tell, but to my brain, not in my ears, came four words. Only four words, so strange—and to me so unintelligible that I write them down almost unwillingly. They were these: 'The Black Cap waits.' And then—well then, I looked only at a heap of stones and a sloping hill on which the moonrays streamed. CHAPTER XXX. I closed my diary with that last entry. There was no use to speculate about it. I only knew it happened, and that neither God nor man can shake my belief in it. It has been a theory of mine all my life that the earnest long- ing of the spirit can mature into action when the earth-clog of existence is cast aside. If it goes out of life with that longing it must be a motive force in its existence. However, I shall say noth- ing, not even to Nell, about my visit to Dead Woman's Hill. But a conviction is growing up surely and steadily within my mind that I am destined to play an important part in James Langrishe's fate, that it was not without purpose we met again, and that from circumstance to circumstance I have been led along the mysterious road on which I now tread, for the working out of that purpose. Oh, what would I not give to rend the veil of the future—to see, even a little way along the dark road, to know what lies for him, for me, beyond? But it cannot be—not yet, I tell myself, not yet. * * * * * * 10 p.m. A telegram arrived to-night from James Langrishe. It was addressed to me. 'Tell my wife I cannot return yet. Have to go on to London. Will write.' I, of course, broke the news to Mary Langrishe, and had the satisfaction of seeing her cry herself into a bad head- ache. Her reasons were twofold. First, her husband had wired to me, instead of her; second, he had gone to London without giving any reason. I gently explained that telegrams were public property, in a way, and that probably his reasons were not. But she is weak and foolish, poor woman, and won't hear common sense. I wonder sometimes why Nell is so fond of her. To me she is not a par- ticularly interesting woman, and she is certainly a weak one. I can hardly wonder that she has ceased to interest her husband, and that all her blind love and devotion is absolutely wasted on him. Not that his loss of interest or affection excuses his conduct, but know- ing him as I do, it explains it. September 8. And now has begun for us a peaceful, tranquil time. Nell is able to get out in the garden every day. Mrs. Lang- rishe herself is up, and sitting in her own boudoir. The doctor is safe away in London. Nurse O'Toole has returned to Cork. We three women are leading a monotonous, yet not unpleasant existence. I have broached the sub- ject of change of air, and Mrs. Lang- rishe has suggested the mountains near Mellary. It appears that those good monks have not only founded an establishment of their own, but have built a series of cottages in this healthy, bracing spot, which can be let to visitors for the summer season. Mrs. Langrishe proposes that I should go over to Cap- poquin, and then drive to the monastery, and make inquiries about one of those houses. It would mean leaving her alone for the day, but then she is really convalescent, and Nell is quite capable of doing everything necessary for her during my absence. My anxiety to get them away from this house, and be rid of the hateful fears and suspicions of this past month, induce me to lend a ready ear to the proposal. I propose to take the steamer at 1.30 from the quay and go up to Blackwater, returning by half- past seven if the tide serves. It will be a pleasant excursion. I am only sorry that Nell cannot come with me. Mrs. Langrishe seems quite full of the idea. She longs to be well and strong once more, she tells me. She is sick of playing the invalid. I promised her great things from mountain air, and freedom from household cares. She informed me this morning, while I was dressing her, that no doubt it was this fever coming on that had made her feel so queer and ill for some time back. It was diplomatic to agree, but it was not truthful, and my conscience suffered accordingly, 10th, 11 p.m. I have just come to my room (the dressing-room again) after a long talk with Nell. We talked with hushed voices and bated breath, for we talked for the first time of our fears, and of James Langrishe. Step by step we trod the path of suspicion opened by the diary, and leading back to the first days of our acquaintance with the doctor's wife. It was scarcely possible to put one's fears into plain words, but we knew each in her own heart what the awful thing was whose shadow had haunted James Langrishe's notions, and between which and his unsuspecting victim we had interposed not an hour too soon. 'But we can't guard her for ever,' said Nell, despondingly. 'She loves him and trusts him entirely, and what ever he tells her she will do. As long as he loves that other woman, his wife is not safe, and that he loves her there is no doubt.' 'Where is she now?' I asked. 'Have you heard?' 'No, but I believe she is in Cork still. At least Mrs. Langrishe said so the other day.' 'I should like to know,' I said, 'what has taken him to London.' 'So should I,' Nell answered. 'Mrs. Langrishe had a letter yesterday. It seemed rather a long one. She read it about a dozen times.' 'I wish,' I said, 'she could see him in his true light; but that's impossible. However, if we can get her away and get her strong and well there will be no need of medicines, and once out of this ghastly house I think we ought to warn her, Nell. I can't have it on my conscience to leave her—a lamb at a wolf's mercy.' 'As long as she keeps me with her I can watch,' said Nell. I shook my head. 'My dear child,' I said, 'the greatest vigilance would not be vigilant enough to guard her if he is determined to——' 'Hush,' she said, turning very pale. 'Don't say it, Debbie, dear. It sounds so awful put into words.' 'It will sound more awful put into deeds,' I said. 'Could I possibly have been mis- taken?' she said, anxiously. 'Did it read so badly, Debbie?' 'It read,' I said, 'as badly as any- thing could read, short of actual accusa- tion.' 'Ought I to keep it? It seems so dangerous. I seem to be haunted by the terror that it may fall into someone's hands.' 'That was what troubled you in your delirium,' I said. 'You fancied you had not locked it up, but it was quite safe, I assure you.' Then I rose and bade her good-night, and went off to my own room. Mrs. Langrishe was in bed, propped up by pillows, as was her fancy. Her face was flushed, and her eyes feverishly bright. I did not quite like her looks. I went over and felt her pulse. It was beating faster than it should have done. I asked her if she felt as well as usual, and she declared she did, but not in the least sleepy. I suggested that I should sit up and read to her for a time. It was only half-past ten, but she declared the light hurt her eyes. If she were alone she would soon go to sleep. I moved the night- light into a corner where she could not possibly see it, and arranged her pillows comfortably and left her. When I had undressed I put on my dressing-gown as usual, and then took out my journal. I listened a moment at the door of communication between the two rooms. All was quiet. She was evidently asleep, and I need fear no interruption. It seems to me almost a duty now to commit every fact that comes under my notice to these safe pages. I cannot rely absolutely upon memory, besides memory is not evidence. I wonder what made me write that. If I live much longer in this house I shall become suspicious of everything and everybody. . . . I shall begin to mistrust myself and my own powers of reasoning. I quite long for to- morrow, a long day in the open air, on the lovely river of which I have heard so much, into the solitudes of those dark mountains whose tops I have watched the sun's rays crown so many summer mornings. It is growing towards midnight. I had better close those pages. I wish there may be no need to open them until we are all safe and together under the peaceful shadows of the Knockme- ledown Mountains. September 11th, Night. Whatever I might have intended to write here of my journey, I have neither time nor inclination to do so. I caught the return steamer from Cap- poquin (having secured a house for a month from the 10th of September), and arrived at the quay at half-past seven. The outside car from Knockminoss was waiting for me. As we dashed off I asked the man if all was well at the house. 'They are, miss,' he said, 'and the master's back. Came hack sudden like. No one expected him. The house is a bit upset.' I was utterly amazed and very ill- pleased at this news. But I found the man knew nothing, only that the doctor had arrived by the 6.10 train and dashed home on a car from the station, and that Bridget was mighty put about for things for dinner, not having ex- pected him at all. My impatience made the drive home seem endless. I thought the lodge would never appear in sight. I sprang from the car as it reached the front door and hurried up stairs to Mrs. Langrishe's room. I found her sitting up, dressed in a marvellously smart tea-gown; her face looked painfully flushed and her eyes feverish and strained. The doctor was not there, and Nell was sitting by the window looking almost as disturbed as Mrs. Langrishe. I spoke to them, as I usually did after an absence. If I had ventured an opinion, I would have said they had quarrelled, but that seemed too wildly improbable to sug- gest. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 