It is with mingled feelings one reads the leading article which appeared in yesterday’s Age. To those innocent of its real meaning and guided merely by the art displayed in word-spinning, it presents a pathetic picture of a news paper appealing to the nation on behalf of one who after a long and eventful career has been left, like Wolset, in his bitterness of soul, exclaiming— “ Had I bat served my God with half the zeal I served my king, He would not in my age Have left me naked to mine enemies.” On the other hand to those acquainted with the methods and cynicism of the journal alluded to, the object-lesson presented is that of the Artful Dodger, in simulated tones of sympathy, crying to passers-by, “ Pity the sorrows of a poor old man,” who had fallen upon evil days. It is in this latter aspect that the effusion to which we refer must be regarded. What have we got? A sturdy mendicant, in tones of blending blasphemy and supplication, pointing to the object of its sham solicitude and asking for a little assistance. Heavens! is it not rough enough upon a man who has fought the battle of life, and finds at the close that there is nothing left for him but to trust to the tender mercies of the world? Death to a man of honest pride and independent spirit is a thousand times preferable. It was said of old Belisarius that if, a9 history relates, he sat by the wayside, blind and impoverished, to beg an obolum, that it was no better fate than he deserved for doing so. Contemptible as that brave old soldier may have been in forgetting that he was once the pride and glory of the Eastern Empire and second only to the Emperor of Byzantium, not the meanest scullion would have dared to insult him or make sport of his misfortunes. Comparing small things with great, one’s gorge must rise at the Age proclaiming in the manner it has done the wants of a man like Berry, considering what he had been, and when every whine from his pretended friend must have cut him to the heart. The election of Speaker is made by the Age the excuse for referring at all to Sir Graham Berry, and having drawn liberally—some people are nothing if not liberal—from tbe well known commonplace book which we have so often seen trotted out on Saturdays we have the following ex pression of opinion “It would save a good deal of trouble if Speakers, like bishops, were elected at the nomina tion of (he Holy Ghost, because we should nob only have got the fittest man for the post, but the transaction would have been removed above the least suspicion of intrigue.” This is a prime sample of the smartness indulged in when the Age has decided to crush the subject of its deadly hatred and con tempt. It cites the case of Sir Henry Pabkes, of Sir John Robertson and Mr Labor, men whom it never ceased during their lives, and even when the grave had .closed over them, to speak of other than in disrespectful terms; we might use a much stronger expression. Then in urging Sir Graham’s claims it proceeds—“ All these things point to something which must ba done to mark the same sense of public jußticß in the case of Sir Graham Berry.” This is the sum and sub stance of all it has got to say in pleading the cause of a man who more than any other achieved for the Age the position it now occupies in the journalistic world. Many men, no doubt, have served to place this news paper on its pedestal—editors, sub editors, managers, contributors, and the usual auxiliaries of a metropolitan newspaper, but it is to Berry the Age has to point as the main instrument of its once enormous circulation, having regard to the population of the colony. What was the position and circulation of the Age at the close of the M'Chl- LOCH period, say about 1875-6, when Berry was beginning to take the lead in politics, and the Ironhand became the rallying cry of parties? It was about from 20,000 to 25,000* copies daily, and even this number was only reached within a comparatively short time pre viously. It was the stonewall that started it with the stumping crusade through the colony, when Berry swept like a tornado through the country with hiß evfans terribles, Smith, Patterson, Lalor, Woods, and Long more, rousing tlm people to a pitch of frenzy, so that a revolution seemed at one time imminent. "Berry’s ful minations filled the columns of the Age every morning; everyone rushed to hear the latest; the Man of the People grew bolder as he witnessed his achievements chronicled and his wild excesses of language and demeanor re corded and defended. His lieutenants were everfanning the fiame;the political atmosphere was charged with elec tricity, noise, and fuliginous fury, and what was of moßt importance, the cir culation of the Age kept going up in leaps and bounds. Then came the victory of the 11th May, 1577, and Berry and his friends captured by main force the Treasury benches and the Government departments. More grist to the mill. The proceedings in Parliament could only be compared to those of the First French National Assembly. Hon. members might be said to sit continuously. They hurled vile epithets and foul insinuations at each others’ heads, and on more than one occasion were on the verge of resorting to personal violence, while BsRRy sat enthroned in the hearts of the Liberals, and the circulation of thß organ that shepherded his move ment swelled up incontinently. Then came Black Wednesday, and the sensational massacre of the inno cent Civil Servants. That was worth a daily augmentation of at least 2000 copies. Not content with this, the devoted instrument de signed by fortune to assist the enter prise of the popular exponent of Liberal principles, proceeded to Eng land as Ambassador and Plenipoten tiary of the Victorian people, accom panied by Dr Pearson, an employd of the paper; then more excitement, and, lo! “ we are now amongßt the sixties” with 1000 for our unit. These were truly the “ brave days of old.” Then, when the two ancieut warriors returned with a finger each in his mouth, -and proceeded to tinker with the Constitution and botched it, it became apparent that Berry must be thrown aside. The paper had got into the haven of the “ seventies,” and the limits of its expansion were only restricted by the population of the continent of Australia. Who then will dare to say that Berry should not have a pension ? Yes, he has well earned that recogni tion, for faithful and valuable services. Berry’s .worst enemy will acknow ledge this. But the question is who should be saddled with the payment of this well-deserved guerdon. The State? What has the old warrior achieved for the State? The people? What has this distinguished statesman done for the people? No; em phatically no. It is the Age that should recognise his services in the past. It is the great and Liberal organ of the Liberal party that now ranks as paying the highest income tax of any one in the colony that should dip its hand deep into its breeches pockets, and producing a grant of an annuity of £5OO for life, say to Berry— “ Well done thou good and faithful ser vant; take that and retire to your mansion at St. Hilda, where most of ray friends -and subscribers are now located, and bless you, old boy, bless you-!” Such . an arrangement would be entirely in accordance with the fitness of things. It might be made the subject of an historical painting, or a sculp tured group in marble to he erected in front of the Parliament House. We feel assured that the Liberal and even the Conservative press of Victoria will join with U3 in congratulating the principal figures in so memorable and interesting a tableaux, worthy of Sir Joshua Reynolds or the handiwork of Michael Angelo. Mr Morkham, Sacetary for I,imp, visited Ballarat yesterday fur tho purpii99 of confer rinq with rapresentatires of the City and Town Councils respecting sevoral matters con cerning which o "rreepondenoe lias passed betw-en tbe cunncile nnd tbe department. In the East, the council a-kod tb it st-ps should be tnk"U to proi'ent the carting of gravel from the bed of the Yarrowoe, nnd Mr Morkh im pro mised to reonmmend that this should be done. He also intimated that be would recommend that the council bo givon power to improve the channel at Bridge street, provided any struc tures they might erect did not interfere with the light now enjoyed by the Dronerty owners on each Bide. In the City, Mr Morkham was questioned concerning the oconpanoy of the quarry reserves, and atated that he would pro pose. the reservation of all the unoccupied laud so that the council might fill up 'lie aban doned quarries and so improve the looalitie?. Several other matters, reported on elsewhere, were also dealt with. Cr C. B. Retallack, after an absence of six months in the old country, returned to Bal- larat by the afternoon train yesterday, and, his friends will learn with regret, in very indifferent health. During the earlier part of his holiday Cr Retallack spent a very enjoy- able time, visiting the chief centres of in- dustry and embracing the opportunity of see- ing the sights of England. On proceeding to Edinburgh he was taken ill, and it was feared that be might not see Australia again. His son, Dr Retallack, who was practising his profession in Edinburgh, strongly advised him to return home, and the advice was strongly endorsed by other medical men, with the result that Cr Retallack was compelled to cut short his visit. Accompanied by his son, he took passage by the Victoria, but the voyage out was very trying. Passing through the Red Sea the shade temperature reached as high as 110 degress, and a sadden change ensuing Cr Retallack’s health greatly suffered. Fortunately, however, his condition was last night much improved, and although he is still weak it is hoped that he may be enabled to be about and again meet his old friends by the end of a week. Cr Retallack while away frequently received copies of The Ballarat Star, and was kept well posted up in the pro- ceedings of the City Council, in which he evinced the keenest interest. He hopes to be at the next meeting of the council, possibly to hear the sequel to the naming of “ The City Oval.” The question of the control of the Ballarat Common was definitely settled by Mr Morkham, Secretary of Lands, yesterday. For years yast, though the City Council is gazetted as the manager, the Bailaratshire Council had claimed a right to a voico in the control of its affairs. The point was raised in connection with a request from the Sbire Council to ba allowed to remove boulders from the common for the purpose of road - repairing. Mr Morkham informed the representatives of the Shire Council present that this right oonld not bs conferred upon them. The department would set apart a portion of the com mon ns a quarry reserve, or evea allow the counail to remove boulders from a limited area, but coaid not permit such to bs taken from any part of the reserve, as the holes thus ereatod were a source of danger. In reply to a remark by one nf the councillors, Mr Mork ham said the department did not wish the Sbiro Connoit to take any interest in tbe management of the common. “ Then,” re marked Cr Dobson, “ the sbire council bos very little control over it?” “ Yon have none whatever,” was Mr Morkhara’s reply. A re port of the proceedings'will be found else where in The Star. The Bishop of Ballarat (Dr Thornton), who had taken his passage with the intention nf leaving Lmdon on 23rd September, in order to reach Sydney by the Miowera, in the middle of November, and officiate, as senior bishop in place of the archbishop, at the consecration of tbe mirsionary bishop of New Guinea, has bean officially advised by the Primate that the conseoration is postponed to the 25th of January, 1898. He has, therefore, deferred leaving England till 28tli October, hoping to r-aob Sydney by the Anrangi in the middle of December. This will enable bim to attend the Church Congress at Nottingham and to escape the equinoctials in the Atlantic. After the close of the current month the price of a miners’ right will bo reduced by one-half. Miners’ rights are to be issued at a charge of 2s 6J instead of 5s from the Ist of November. Section Bof the New Mine3 Act provides that;—Notwithstanding anything contained in section 4 of the principal Act. the sum payable for any miner’s right issued after the commencement of this Aot shall be radneed to the rate of 2s 6d for every year for which the.right is in foroe. Since tho idea of granting prizes for dis cipline at tho annual fire brigades’ demonstra tions was first introduced, the method of training firemen for the competitions has undergone radical change. Each fireman is now called upon to go through a course nf drill as rigid and as thorough in its way ns this partiaalar branch of military training. However hard it may be to reconcile portions of this drill with the extingnishing of fires, it nevertheless adds greatly to the appearance nf the brigades when on parade, and probably helps towards greater celerity in the manipula tion of appliances. Each fireman is provided with a spanner, which he carries in his belt, and it was to the handling of these tools that Chief Officer Mirshatl, when conducting his annnal inspection of the City Brigade last night, principally devoted his attention. “Draw spanners!” to a fireman means the samo as “ Fix bayonets 1” to the soldier, and tbe| manipulation of “ the spanner ” is in its way almost as interesting, though a perfectly harmless evolution. Chief Officer Marshall expressed high opinions of the men’s dis cipline, and it is confidently hoped that they will be again ta the fore in next year’s com petitions. Henry Greenwood, 27 years old, of Alfred street, yesterday sustained a severe injury to the hall of Ilia left eye, through being struck with a piece nf hot iron at the Redan quarries. Lily Claverloy, a child of two years, whose parents live in Eureka street, fell off a chair and broke her left fore-arm. Both cases were attended to at the Hospital, The committee of the Bnrrumbeet Turf Club visited the course on Monday last, nnd found everything in excellent order. The park and surroundings present a beautiful appear ance, and the course is in admirable order, thanks to tbe ore and attention of Mr A. Taylor. The next race meeting of tbe club takas place on Tuesday, 9th November (Prinoe of Wales’ Birthday), for wbioh the following programme ha 9 bean framed:—Hurdle RaO“, of 15 sovs., 1£ miles; Trial Handicap, of 10 eovs., 5 furlongs; Birthday Handicap, of 15 bovs., 1 mile; Farmers’ Parse, of 10 sovs., 4 furlongs; Park Handicap, of 10 sovs., 0 fur longs; Flying Stakes, of 10 sovs., 4 furlongs; entries for whioh olose with the seorntary, Mr H. M'Goldrick, on Monday next, at 8 p.m., at Newton’s hotel. Tbe annn il festival in connection with the St. Peter’s branch of the Girls’ Friendly Society, will be hold this evening, commencing with a servioa in the ohaoh at 7 o’clock, when a short sermon will be preached by the vicar; at 8 o’clook a conversazione will be held in the schoolroom, at which a varied and interesting programme will be presented. There will also be a sale of work by tbe members daring the year, tbe prncoeds of which are intended for the ereotion of a G.F.S. room at St. Peter’s, tbe want of which has been greatly felt, aud towards supplying it the generous support of the public ia invited. Tbs Dean of Ballarat and Mrs Parkyn enter tained about 130 Sunday school teaohers, members of the Lidies’ Wotk Association, adult msmbsrs of the choir,.and district visi tors at the deanery last night. Daring the evening excellent mnsio was rendered, and an hour or two happily spent. A meeting of the Painters’ Protection Society was held last night at the Trades' Hall. Mr S. Swage presided. The following officers were el-oted: — President, Mr S. Savag-; vice-presidents. Messrs Harrison and Meagher; treasurer, Mr A. Ferguson; secre tary, Mr J. B. Dunstan; committee, Messrs Nightingale, Milk, Robertson, and Adam. It was decided that correspondence received from New 'L aland should be disenssed at the next meeting, when it is hoped that there will be a very large attendance. Several accounts were passed for payment. William Collins, a cab proprietor, appeared nt the Town Court yesterday, before Messrs Gale, Pearce, and Josephs, charged with having driven hia vehicla through Bridge street, oo Saturday night without lights. Tbs defendant did not appear in aourt, and the bench considered tlmt c mtorapt of court bad boon committed, and therefore infliotod a penalty of IQs, with 2s 6d costs. Collins aftor wards put in his appearance, bat was too late to havo tbs deoision of tbe bench altered. Tbe wonderfnl varisrope production of the Fitzsimmons Corbett championship,fight again drew a good attendance to the Alfred Hall last night. Apart from its interest to lovers of athletics tbe production providos excellent entertainment. The highly trained athletes in the ring, the marvellous oal«rity of their movements, the exoited crowds who watch with intense interest evory thrust and parry, tbe attentions of the seconds to the principals, and tbe scene of wild excitement at tho close of tbe contest and upon tbo proclamation of the Australian as the winnar, are depicted with reality, and tbo proceedings are punctu ated with the heartiest applause. Tho voris cope will be shown for the last time in Ballarat to-night. \- Inspector Young, who hn9 charge of the City police, loft Ballarat yesterday for » holi day trip. Ha will be absent until tbe 23th iost. A meeting of the Bind of Hope Jubilee committee was held last night at the Wesleyan Cbnrob, Lydiard street; Mr A. Shugg pro. Bided. The arrangements in connection with tho demonstration to bo held on the 29th inst., are being successfully carried out. It was arranged that a procession shnntd be formed to leave the Alfred Hall at 1 o’olock, headed by Prontt’s Bind, and to proceed via Sturt street, to Drummond street, whence the children will he convoyed in trams to tile gar dens. Mr R. M’Gregor, M.L.A., his con sented to net nB marshal. Tbe circular that lias been cent to the various ministers of the distriot asking them to preach temperance sermons h is heen answered in the affirmative bv the following;—The Revs. C. Anthony. E. W.ison N'yc, P. Mallaliou, W. Fraser, S. T. Witbington. P. C. Vian, G. Netherway, W. Bnrridge. W. Thomas, J. A. Forro3t, C. Tre goar, and H. Howard. Two eirlH, named Margaret Mnrris nnd Louisa Sohwetsch, absconded from the Brook side Reformatory on Monday, and were arrested by Caustablo Walsh yesterday at Scirsdale. Tho old-fashioned manual fire engine i.s being rapidly superseded in provincial towns and country districts in England by steam worked machines, which are more powerfnl, less costly to work, and are now made quite as light in weight as their predecessors in this class of apparatus. Anew pattern steam fire engine, whioh was brought out last year at the London Fire Tournament, has been found specially suitable for the country, and would be very useful for Bervice in colonial towns and districts. This machine is tlie invention of Messrs Merryweathsr, and is named “Tbe Gem.” It hss a nniquo combination of advantages in having the fire door at reir, double cylinders and pumps placed vertically behind the boiler, and accom modation' for mcu a hose, and appliances in front. It is made in sizes to throw from 200 to 530 gallons per minute, and although only introduced a year ago has already been adopted by Ilfracombe, Exeter, Teignmonth, Bridlington, East Ham, Aehford, Alderley Edge, Twickenham, • Tettenhall, and other English towns, and baa also bean mode for several South American and Indian fire bri gades with special fittings to Btand hot and damp climates. The annual inspection of the City Fire Bri gade was held last night by Sir T. S. Mar shall, Chief Officer of the Country Fire Bri gades Hoard. Owing to the inalemenoy of the weather, the inspection was held inside the building. The men were pat throagh some drill by tbe Chief Officer, who expressed bis satisfaction with their effioienoy. The steam fire engine; ladder carriage, brake van, and other appliances wero found to be in thorough working order, and their appearance gave evidooco of tba care that is. bestowed upon them. Dr Agnew continued the special mission service last night in Ebenezer Presbyterian Chnrch, Armstrong street, when he delivered n powerful disconrse to a large congregation on “Four types of ainners,” bringing home the gospel with apt and forceful illustrations, which rivetted the attention of his auditors. Dr Agnew will again preach to-night at a quarter to 8 o’clock. The Ballarat firemen are surprised to hear that no arrangements for the next annual demonstration have »s yet been made by the brigades of Warrnambool, whore the next competitions will be held. It is pointed out that when the demonstration was to be held in Ballarat two or three hundred pounds had by this time been collected for prize money. Those popular amusement oaterera, tbe Messrs M’Mthon, have arranged for a fare well season of three nights of the favorite actor, Mr Alfred Dimpior, at the Academy of Mneic, commencing on Monday evening next. Three dramas will be produced during the short season, viz.:—“ Monte Cristo,” an en tirely new sensational drama; “ Fortune’s Fool” (which will be presented for the first time in Ballarat), and the highly successful play, “ Robbery Under Arms,” founded on Rolf Boldrewood’a remarkable and widely read work. It was with this latter play that Mr D&mpier; recently, at the Lyceum Theatre, Sydney, under Messrs M’Mabon’s m mageraont, succeeded in attracting the largest audiences that hare assembled within the waits of that extonsive building. A special interest will further attsah to tho forthcoming season from the fact that the popular actor has selected it as tbe occasion of bidding farewell to Aus tralia, bis intention being to leave for Eng land immediately afterwards. Mr Dimpiar will be supported by a powerful dramatic comp my, and the plays will be mount'd with new and beautiful scenery, painted sp-mially for these prod actions by Mr John Hmnings. The City Brigade has deoided to tarn out in procession and do all in its power to seonre the sucoese of the demonstration to be held by tho railway emDloyds on the s:h of November in aid of tbe Orphan Asylum. A tea meeting and! concert were hold last night at the Congregational Hall, Dawson street, in onnneotioo with tbe anniversary celebration of the Sanday-sohaol. The follow ing programme wia oarried ont, and was fully appreciated by the large audience present:— R-citation, "The miller 'of Dae,” Evelyn Morris: song,.“Ooen the door,” Elsie Morris, Lily Croseley, Elsie ’ Muir, Stella Wiles, Evelyn Morris; recitation, “ One of his names.” James Allen; song, “Sweet night,” Stella Wiles; recitation. “I don’t care,’’John Hopkins: recitation, “Love one another.” Alina Drew; duet, “ Bright.evening hour,” J. Morris, Bert Crossley; recitation, “The tele graph.” Stella Wiles; recitation, “ The amen,” Ethel Beale; recitation, “Over the range,” Elsie Morris. A number of Mr J. N. Dunn’s friends having announced' their intention to suitably recognise that gentlemtn’s public work, a meeting to make arrangements for that pur pose has been convened by Mr J. H. Psady, to be held at the Town Hall, Ballarat East, at S o’clock on Friday evening. Miss Castles and her pupils, assisted by several loading amateur vocalists, gave a highly entertaining conoert before the mem bers of the Citholic Young Men’s Society and a large nntnbar of visitors at the Australian Natives' Hall, Camp street, last nighr. Tho programme was as follows :—Overture (dust), Misses Castles and Kenna; sang (selsc'edl, Mr Jordan; Bong, “ K ithlnen Mavonrneen,” Mrs Armstrong: reoital, "The field of Waterloo,” and solo, “The Wbaler.” Mr W. P. Mitchell; piano duet. Miss Agie Smtherland and Master J. Roff; songs (comic), Mr J. P. Hafferuan; Hongs, “AH inv World” and “I couldn’t, could I,” Miss Evans; Irish j'g (in character) and piano solo, Miss Ella Heinz: recitation, Mr J. Bolger; enne, •’ Rejected,” M r T. Walinsley; Highland fling, Miss Gussie Roff. Collectors of the Ballarat District Hospital and the Ballarat Benevolent Aeylnrn are re quested to call at the office of the Ballarat Trustees Exaontors and Agency Como my, Limited, Camp street, exeontors of W. C. Elder, deceased, for a farther division, amounting to £BO 10s 3d, making in all £S3O lGs 3-1 received by each institution to date on account of the bequest. Tho farmer, aeaording to a general impres sion, is never satisfied, no matter what happens. If crops ara heavy, prices are so low that they leave no margin for profr; if prices ore high, crops are scanty; if the -weather is suitable for one class of croo it injures another, and so ou. Loudon Punch once satirised this reputed characteristic of the tiller of the soil, on the nco ision of a very bountiful harvest, by representing John Bull as standing in the midst of a inagnilio mt corn field and replying to an onlooker who o >n gratnlated him upon his splendid crop—“ Yes, but where am I going to pat it all.” A farmer of this class was encountered in Ballarat yes tardsy. Wbon congratulated upon his pro spacts for the harvest, he replied—“ Yes, bat they’re good everywhere, and prices are bound to bo dewn.” Another detichment of 10 hive been dedi cated to mission work to China in connection with tho Yiotorian China Inland Mission. Of these eight are ladies, and South Australia sappli«3 the majority of the volunteers. “Syndicating a Republio" is tbe late-t re* mirksble development of American financing. It is reported fsaya a Central News cable message from New York) that an agreem -nt has been come to between the Valontine Syn dicate and the Ripublic of Hondnras by which the syndic >te practically buys out the country. Honduras surrenders all the functions of government to the syndicate on Ist October, while tbe svndioate a3sam a s responsibility for the debt of £6,000,000 owed to England, settles or coinponnds other debts, completes the rail way from Puerto Cortez to the Pacific coast, and colonises and baild3 np the country generally. 