AM:OVG ASSYRIAN EHIiSTS. I H : IT^ORDS BROUGHT TO LIGHT BY AMERICAN ENTERPRISE. A pleasa,at retrospect and a refreshing mental relaxation may be found by those who are footed by the sordid affairs of this day and generation If they will examine tbe revelations just- made by American and 35ngli8h ABByriologistsi ofthe manner of lifehonihiB planet 7,000 -years or more ago (says the New York Sun of April 26). It is only recently that the bare fact was estab lished :.t»fiie satisfaction of all whose judgment is entitled to respect, that human' history considerably antedates the tame which many generations believed was tod by the Bible as the date of the crea tion of man. This revelation has now been supplemented by tbe discovery and transla tion of detailed human records of the doings of men. and nations some centuries earlier than the opisode of tbe serpent in the Garden of Eden, as set down in the Scrip tures. It is a marvellousdiscovery, and j one las no need to be an archseologi^t, or 1 even a lover of history, in order to appre- . date and enjoy some of its fascinating j details of human natureas it existed before the'birth of the world, according to still I prevailing- religious belief. Thework which has been done for five years past among- Assyrian ruins under the auspices of ihe TJniversity of Pennsylvania ' is, of coursB,kno wn in ageneral way to all intelligent persons in the United StateB. It is only just now, how-j ever.that the value of that work, has become apparent. The discoveries within i and-beneath fte mine of the buried city of Nippnr by Wr Haynes and bis band have been rich beyond their most sanguine dreams The records in clay -which have been recovered comprise, as far as they have been deciphered, a history of .human events which will compel a free revision-of all existing theories of the origin and evolution of ftwii All the credit for bringing these wondferftd records to light belongs to Ahiuhbui enterprise, energy, and patience. Tti«» stiflgreater task of restoring and mak ing intelligible these strange inscriptions xgxm imperishable clay has been performed 'with astonishing -success by the greatest archaeologists of all countries. This work is by no means completed,but it is progress ing, steadily in various parts of "the world, until now almost' daily, the " threshold of history" is moved back finrther and further into apast no longer dim. ■Mr W. St. Chad Boscarven is the getfeut of modern Assyriologists, just as JVofessor Flinders Petide is the greatest of iSgypfcologisfce. Mr. Boscarven yesterday published an interesting account of the yeiy iatest revelation resulting from the ■American explorations in the land of the Chaldeans. His estimate of the scope and ■valnjBJ6f the work is impressive. " To the traeetudent of history -and sociology," he JsayB, " the gains axe enormous. - History hasreceived a retrospective enlargement beyond his wildest dreams, and the history of civilization has been carried back to an antiquity tmthought of. That we have now in onr: possession not merely one isolated fragment, but a series of chapters of Old World history—strictly contem porary -writings—which cannot be assigned -to a-iater date than five thousand years %eiore the Christian ere, is a fact which cannot be disputed by- any thoughtful student. Ancient as the inscriptions found in the lowest strata of the great Chaldean sacred city of Nippur are, they are not the records of a nation just emerging from savage life, but of rich, powerful, cultured civic kingdoms, thus indicating centuries of previous growth and .development, and thus necessitating a still further retrogres sion of that mythic rubicon, the 'threshold of history.* '"The site of the city," Sir. Boscarven goes on, " is marked by the great group of niounds called by the Arabs to this day Nuffer, but a slight -variation of the old l name. The great mound Bint «1 Amir (the ! Amir's Daughter), which forms the acropo- j lis of this site is the ruins of the stage | tower of thetemple of Mulil, tbe " ghost god" of Babylonia—one of the most-ancient of the temples of Chaldea—older by far than Babylon itself, which did not' become the capital -until about B.C. 2200. The site was visited by Loftus and Iiayard, but no tegular excavations .were attempted, and archiBologists had long been anxious that some attempts should be' made at a systematic exploration. There were, how ever, great difficulties in the way, the chief one being the extremely unhealthy nature of the place—situated on theedge of the malarious marshes of the Afadj—liable to constant outbreaks of iever and cholera and plague, and in a dis trict peopled by a . wild and turbulent body ofAis£bs,the Montefik tribes, subject to no jrole. Still, notwithstanding these hind rances, the American expedition under Mr. Haynes has labored for five years and laid bare the ruins of at least four cities and settlements which .hare, successively occu pied the site, and have recovered over thirty thousand Inscribed records. Here the explorers hare worked according to the system of clearing each successive stratum, and noting the relative position and depth ^ach find, uo matter bow small: a system which has established the archaeo logical value of the explorations of Schlie ™a"n> Borpfell, and Petrie, and the value of the explorations is consequently greater by far than any formerly undertaken in Chaldea. "The great temple tower which formed the centre around which all the other build ings were grouped was built of bricks bear ing the name and titles of a king named Ur-Bau, already known to us as the builder of the stage tower at Mughier, or XJr of the Chaldees. The date of this monarch is about B.C. 2700, and he appears to have been the first monarch to built these great stage towers. In constructing his temple and tower upon a massive platform Ur Bau had to remove and level the debris of a former city, which had been destroyed many years before. In penetrating through this debris numbers of bricks and tablets and fragments of inscribed vases were found which had been broken up when the cit^ was sacked, and at length a. second and stiU more massive pavement was reached. This pavement was composed of very large bricks bearing the names of Sargon and bis son, Narim-Sin, whose date is ascertained to be B.C. 3800-3750. The writing of these inscriptions is much more archaic than j those of Ur-Bau, and is an interesting example of the transition from the linear to the cunciform. On this same level was found the remains of an immense rampart fifty feet thick, built of puddled clay and J brickwork, bearing the same inscriptions, reading on the stamped bricks, "Naram-Sin, bnilder of the Temple of Mulil.' " Passing beneath this pavement "the explorers sank shafts until they reached the virgin soil, which was found at a depth of about thirty-five feet below the second pavement. In doing this they passed through two primitive settlements, the oldest of which, judging by the amount of accumulated debris above it and its primi- j i live character, cannot be assigned to a : later period than b.c. 5000. There was no ! trace of a temple, but only of a large i sacred inclosure, in the centre of which was j an altar of burnt offering, upon which a deep deposit of bone ashes was found. In front of this were found two large vases, used for purification-—evidently the ancient iemenos or harem of the primitive settle ment* Outside of the inclosure, but evi dently connected with it, was a massive platform of brick work, the mass of which was perforated by a number of small orifices, which were found to communicate with an I arched drain Underneath. This arch, cer tainly the earliest example kno.vn, is con structed of large uninscribed bricks, | cemented together with clay. I "Throughout all the strata fragments of vases—some of pottery, but mostly of hard stone, serpen tine" and diorite—were found, | and these seem to have been the most ortho dor votive offering in this temple. In the \- strata below the pavement of Sargon frag ments of inscribed and uninscribed vases were found ; but on his rebuilding the city he removed a number of these to his own record chamber, j where, together with his own, they I were subsequently broken at the sack of the city- One of these monarchs dedicated over a hundred such vases, each bearing an i inscription of 130 lines in most archaic writing. _ By the greatest patience, and | almost with the loss of his eye- sight. Dr. Hilprecht has joined the fragments in the 1 Constantinople Museum together and suc ceded in completing a restoration of the inscription of the opening lines. There are three sets of these vases, belonging to three ancient kings, and they restore to us what «e may reasonably call the earliest knoivn chapter of history. "The first vases are those of a king named Esaganna, who claims to have established ' sovereignty in Erech,* and 'lordship in Ur,'and who ruled over 'the lands of reeds and canals,' the name given to Sumir, or South Babylonia. This monarch had one great enemy in the lord °f the city-kingdom of Kish, situated in North Baylonia. and the first part of this chapter relates to him—it reads: * He raided the city of Kish, and Enegun, Kinjf of Kish, be bound, with hordes of the land of the Bow, his city he spoiled; bis pro perly with fire, he burned his statue, his precious metal (silver ?}, and his wooden I furniture to Mulil in Nippur he dedicated." ' _" Here there is evidence of some con siderable advance in civilization; metals are worked, cities built, and kings have royal treasure and furniture. The [ next chapter is on the vases of the King Lugal-zaggi-si. He was a warrior of the * horde of the land of the Bow,* whotn the Babylonians dreaded and called «the people of evil heart.* On the fall of Kish I he took possession of that city, and soon after conquered Erech and made himself king. The position of his inscription, given above, reads: ' To Mulil, lord of the world, Lugal-zaggi-si, King of Erech— King of the whole earth, commander of heaven—Supreme Prophet of Nidaba, son of TXkus j viceroy of the host of the laud of the Bow, (also) Supreme Prophet of Nidaba (who is)regarded by the holy eye of the King of the world, the viceroy of MuliL* Further on in this important inscription he claims to be ruler from the lower sea of the Euphrates and Tigristo the upper sea of the Setting Sun j that is, from the Persian Gulf to the Mediterranean. He speaks of the 'roads being open before him,' which seems to indicate a flying raid suah as that of Kuder lagatnar, the Chedorlaomer of Gen. xiv., thousands of years later. These historical fragments show that Unug or Uruk, the Erech' of the Bible, was the first capital of Chaldea, and lead us to regard it as iden tical with Enoch, the first city built (Gen. iv., 17). 'The people of the land of the Bow" are to be identified with the wild tribes on the east of the Tigris, and in the ' immediate neighbourhood of the ancient kingdom of Ausan on the plaiu of Mai Amir. Dr. Hilprecht is manifestly wrong in seeing in them the Semites of North Babylonia! ' How long this dynasty lasted we know not, hut of it's final overthrow a most important , record was discovered by SI. de Sarzec at I Tello in the celebrated 'Stella of the 1 Vultures.' Mi&sTwmoNBiD; Mtjsici&.ns.—What ' wonder is it that those who find the hair becoming grey should seek many things to obviate it, whieh in so many cases prove a failure. We know a lady whose hair was becoming white who used Csoss's Haje Reviver, and whose hair is now its original color, light a,uburn. A srentleraan whos hair became quickly bleached through losses in mining shares and business trouble has, by u i ig this article, had his hair restored itt or irinal color. Quite a change has taken place in his appearance. His hair is now dark, and the result has been brought about by using ill ? Haib Reviver. Its effect is i;r; d ia]. and therefore unnbserv«d: Many pei-;o s, wh« fi.-ye r - have been : rey, have by it- use n a few days lost th;» aged appearance l,y the restoration of the color tlit hair. An immense quantity is hein<r Price 2s. (id. per bottle, if there is any difficulty in procuring any of my pre parations, send a p-jstal nore to the factorv Charles Cross, Chemist, Malvern, ITniey 