THE HAUN'J'KD HANSOM. I We had been telling stories of tbooe strange warnings from the spirit world which men have sometime* had of events which were to happen, or had happcne.d on this earth, when a tnemljer of the club, whom none of us had even rpoko tobeforn, catne up to the corner of the smok ing-room where we were sitting. His manner . wui thnt of a reticent tnau who was mastered by an overpowering impulse to tell a story. ,4-I daresay you fellows may remember the case they called the Putney Heath Mystery,' he said, '' though it happened a good many -ears ago ? ' ' Yes, I remember it-' said one of our num ber, 44 though after *11 thero was nothing very mysterious about it.** 44 No, not as it came out in court ; but there was a mystery about it that the public never heard of. It related not to tho crime itself, but to the; way the detectives were first put on the scent of tho evidence that brought the prisoner's guilt home to him,' Then he told the following talo : It is a story 1 have not told for a long time, for I don't like being chaffed about it. But as you fellows have been talking about that sort of thing I can't help telling it to jou. It is tweuty years *uo since that c;»se At the time I was a young fellow, just grtting through the little money 1 came iuto when I came of age. 1 was a member of this club then, and onu night I had been in tho car.lioom upstairs until three o'clock in the morning. The other fellows I had lxcn playing with went a different way home, and they took the only hansom there was waiting outside, and I was loft to w&lk; homo by myself. I remember quite well tbat as I hurried up into the Strand I wan fecliug gloomy and dis WMwmw' wuu iiiyscu. ib u au uvea cHiuiug,«uu tho lights of the street lamps were blurred aod rr icd to be reflected from the wet pavements. I could ouly see one cowering figure, and the long street seemeyi to bo unusually dccerted eveu for the hour when London sleeps. 1 thought that pcrbr.ps I should not find a cab even at Charing Croas to tako mo to Ebury streejt, where 1 lived ; and 1 felt tbat the walk there would be lonely and unpleasant. What a fool 1 was, and iu what a feeble way I was wasting my life and throwing away all my chancers, I thought, as I walked. Just then a banKom,crawling along, turned from Catherine street into the Strand . i 41 That's all right. Jump iu, t-ir ; you're the J first faie I have had all night,' said the driver, as lie puiii.ei up lor me. Well, 1 was in some *ort of lock aft^r all in gettiug a eab su soon, I thought, as I pulled I open the doors. Then 1 started auel looked round to the driver. 44 What is the matter with your face ?' 1 asked, for 1 had seen huddled up on the floor of the cab. with his head on the scat, a gentleman in evening clothes, who seeined to bo hopclestly intoxicated. 44 You soem to have forgotteu about him, and I prefer to have a cab to my self.' 44 Have a cab to yourself ! You'll want a padded rcoin to yourself — that's what you'll want pretty f-oon, governor. Come, jump in, and don't give in to it, or you will find yourself waking up iu Bow Street Statiou,' answered the driver. 44 1 tell you there is someone, iu there,' 1 re plied ; ' Bee for yourself.' 44 Then he's got iu unbeknown to me,' said the mau, 44 and you can tell him to ch ar out.' 44 Turn him out yourself. I won't have any thing to do with him,' I said, ami I remember fealinr almost startled nt the terrified tone of m.v own voice, whiie I realised that it would bo hard for me to bring myself again to look iuto that cab at the huddled figure that lay in the corner. There is something wrong with him. He is denel,' I found myself saying almost iu voluularily. 44 It's easy to see what's the mutter with you. It's what comes having plenty of money to p#.y for your driuki. But come, jump in, and tell me *hero to drive you to afore ye n forgets it, or you'll be thinking youreelf the Prince of Wales or the Emperor of Buskin. Here, I will show you thnt thi.ro is uo ono iu. You will be a troublesome faro enough, but I ain't going to leave a gent in the street,' said the driver, who seemed to be a good-natureel fellow enough. Then he jumped off the box, grumbling to him self, *nd opening the efoora of the eueb asked me whertj Iho gentleman was. As 1 looked over his shoulder in to the cab I conld not answer tho question, for whorever tho man iu dress- clothes was he was certainly no longer en the cab. '4 Better get iu, sir, aud got home.' said the driver I felt, however, that nothing would induce mo to drive home in the cab where I had seen thnt man in dress clothes. » So I gave tho man a shilling, which soothed his temper, 'aud made him so fur communicative that he told aie that he bated the cab as much as 1 did, aud with better reason, for he had never had a good day since ho first took it out, a week before. 4* It's the number, may be — 1313. Anyhow, somebody blse may drive it, for I shan't any more. But there ain't been no gentleman in it, druuk or sober, live or deael, this blessed night,' suiet the man as he drove off. I must say I felt rather nervous as I walked home through the ram to Ebury-street. Was this singular deluaiun tho heginuiug of some j mysterious illness ? No, I felt quite well. The I only curious symptom was that I could not get ! tho figure I had seen cut or my mind. I had ouly caught a glance of the man in the cab, and yet I seemed to ste him vividly whon I tried to recall him, I could remember all his features distiuclly, and the grey colour of his face. All through the uight 1 was haunted by lhat face When I woke up, though it was a bright, sunny daj', I could not get it out of my mind. Though I had been wasting my time, stopping I up till three o'clock playing cards.l hud a lot of nork to do. It was only a month to sending-iu da}', ami I had two pictures for the Academy to finish. 1 wns bound to make the best use of the present sunshine. Yet when I went into my studio I sat fur some time unable to do any thing, and wheu I did turn to work it was to do something quite useless. l'or two hoius I woiked away at a picture of the figure thnt haunted mo— the tnen in dress clothes that I had seen lying ou the floor of the cab, with bis bead resting on tho seat. Yes, he was dead, I said to myself, as I looked with something akin to admiration at my sketch, which seemed to bo be almost the cloverest thing I had ever duiio. 1 felt inclined to tear up the sketch, which seemed to me to he terrible an el gruesome, but some impulse prevented my doing so. I put it away, ami j settled to my work. In a way J fotiuel that the j two bouts I had spent over the sketch were not altogether wusted, for after 1 hsel tiu:- li':d ib Ij was ablo to work awa$ at my picture without j my thoughts struyiug buck to my a'lrcuturu oc | tho previous evening. j I Riippcso it would have bceu wiser if 1 had kept my story to myself, for I was a gcoel deal ebbffed about it, und though I am a temperate man enough many people believed tbat 1 bad left the club, where 1 had been playing carets that evening, ou the verge of an attack of de lirium tremms. Still, there are some stories which ouo cannot help telling, and with most people anything approaching to a ghost story is of that churacler. The chaff I always encouu tered 1 used to comider was stupid, aud in bad taste. About a week after my adventure there were some half-dozen men smoking in my studio, ami of course tbey got me to tell them all about it, t- o 41 Well,' I flaid, when my venture was re ceived with more or less incredulity, 44 all I can say is that tbm is what 1 saw,' and opening a drawer 1 took out the sketch I made and pasaeel it rouud. 'It's a very clever bit of work, anyhow,' said Glozzard, the art critic ; 44 isn't it, Bill ?' and he passed it to Bill Somes, a young fellow who had lately heguu to do a great deal of work for the illustrated papers. 44 It looks as if it were the likeness of somebody.' 41 Likeness !' exclaimed Somes, after be had looked at it. 44 I tell you what it is, you havo a very ghastly turn of humour to draw this pic ture to bolster up your story. Why, it is exactly as he looked when they found him.' 44 Who ? What do you mean?'' I asked, and I pvtreel iuto Somes's face to see if he wero chaffing me. ami felt perfectly certain tbat he was not. 44 Tom Loring. Do you mean to say you never knew him ?' 44 I uover aaw him ia my life, unless I saw him that morning/ 44 All I can say is that a fortnight ago ho was found dead on Putney Heath, dressed as you draw him, with a phial which hael contaiuod audanum by him. You muest havo read of it in the papers— the ' Putnt-y Heath Maytery ' uiey can it. l Knew mm well, lor ne owncei a lot of raec-hotses, aud wai- a mau who was a gonel deal about. Of course it looKed like suicide at first, but the police urn doubtful.' 1 was not chaffed much more that evening, for the other men, two of whom had known Luring by sight, were much impressed by my story. 44 It is not the «ort of story they are likely to pay much beeel to at Scotland Yard,' said Somes after we had talked for some time, 44 but 1 know the dctective who is looking after the case, and 1 would liko to tell it to him, and show him the picture. You hud better go there with me to-morrow.' I agreed to this, aud tho uext elay Somes and 1 interviewed Inspector Sharp, who had charge of the case. 44 We don't go much on spirits of lhat sort down the Yard,' said tbo inspector when I had told him my story anel shewn him my sketch, but this is the living, or rather the dead, image of what we found on Putney Heath. And there must have b^en a cab in the case, the one in which the gentleman, dead or alive, was taken down to the Heath. Number 1313. Woll, 1 will look it up, though 1 should be obligcei it you *- woulel not tell aujono about this, for 1 wouldu'i like it to bo supposeef that 1 isteued to buch a story.' The inspector did look up cab Number 1313 People, who can recall the details of tho Putney Heath mystery will remember what m impure ant witness tho cab driver was. The prisoner! had paid him a heavy prioo for tlic uao of bt- cab for a night. The uve it was put lo was t- drive Loring's body down to Putney Heatfc Loring had been killed by an overdose of Ji-.u£ auum, administered to him by people who ohft wisheel to drug him, ana rob him eif a larfL. sum of money ho had beeu paid thit evening. Their obji ct, of course, was to make i I appeal that the unfortunate man had commit-too sui.-ide. But the Putney Heath ?»!ystery is a long ant an old story. My connection with it, which i:-. the strangest part of the story, never came ouJ in evidence. I don't suppese half- n-eb zen people have ever wouderod huw the police gob the eslnc to the e*x-cabmnn who had lent his c/ib to the persons who f-ent Mr. Loring out of ti:e world. Certainly I cannot explain the story. I can 011I5 tell it as it occurred to mo. Hidden away iu my desk I still have the sketch I drew of thfi figure iu the hansom. I certainly never drew so well as on that occasion. Sometimes wheu £ look at it — as I do every now and then— it seems that there is something strange and alinoa! Bupr- Tuatural in the life and expre»aiou of ever*? line. But that may be mere fancy. The coi -? viction of ti c accused in tho Putney Heath Mystery is a &olid; fact. Inspector fcbarp, of Scotland Yard, is uot likely soon to forget thi7 evidence 1 brought hiui. ' We; have all sorts of queyr storirs broug. & to us at Scotland Yard/' he said to me the other elay when wo met and had' u glass o'i ' ?' wine together, ' but that case of yours was the only instance I ever kuew of our acting on ii- formation received from the other world . 