ONCE ABOARD THE LUGGER. (ALL RIGHTS KfcSKRVBD.) BY 'Q." ^ Early last Fall there died in Troy an old .man and his wife. The woman went lirst, and the husband took a chill at her gra .Vs edge, when h'i stood barehe ,dcd in a lashing shower. The loose earth crumbled under his feet, trickled over, and dropped on her coi'Hn-lid. Through two long nights he -'ay on h:s bed without sleeping and listened to tins >outid. At livst it ran in his ears uerpetuallv, but afterwards he hcavd it at intervals only, in the pasos of acute suffering. Oil the seventh day he died, of pleux-o-pneumonia; and on the tenth (a Sunday) they buned luin. For iust fiftv years the dead man had been Minister or t'ac i"a!cpemlenl Chape! on the hill, and bad laid down his pastorate two yea is before, on his golden wedding-dav. Consequently there was a funeral sermon, and the young- man, his successor, chose II. Samuel, i. for his text—" Lovely and pleasant in their lives, and in their death they were not divided." Himself a newly-married ma/a, he waxed dithyramoie on the sustained affection and accord of the departed coo pie. "Truly," he wound up, " such marriages as theirs were made in i l.-ao-n. r And could iliey have heard, the two bodies in the cemetery had not denied it; but the woman, after the fashion of women, would have qua!ilied the young ministers assertion in her secret heart. When, at the close of the year 1839, the llev. Samuel Bax visited Troy tor the first time, to preach his trial sermon at Salem Chapel, he arrived by Bon-: tigo's van, iate on a Saturday ni<>'ht, and departed again for i'iymouth at seven o'clock on Monday morning. He had just turned 21, and looked younger, and the zeal of his calling was strong upon hiai. Moreover he was shaken with nert'OuS anxiety for the success of his sermon ; so that it is no marvel if ne carried away but blurred and mistv impressions of the little port and the congregation that sat beneath him that morning, , ostensibly reverent, but actually on the qui vu-n for heresy or any sign of weakness. Their impressions, at any rate, were sharp enough. They counted his thumps upon the desk, noted his one reference to "the original Greek," saw and remembered the flush on his young face and the glow in his eyes as he hammered the doctrine of the redemption out of original sin. The deacons fixed the subject of these trial sermons, and had chosen original sin on the ground that a good beginning was half the battle. The maids in the congregation knew beforehand that he was unmarried, and came out of chapel knowing also that his eyes were brown, that his hair had a reddish tinge in certain lights ; that one of his cutis was frayed slightly ; but his black coat had sea ready been worn a dozen times; with other trifles. They loitered by the chapel door until he came out, in company with Deacon Snowden, who was conveying him oil'to dinner. The deacon on week days was harbour-master of the port, and on Sundays afforded himself roasted duck for dinner. Lizzie Snowden walked ar her father's right hand. She was a slightly bloodless blonde, tail, with a pretty complexion, and hair upon which it was rumoured she could sit if she were so minded. The girls watched the young preacher and his entertainers as they moved down the hill, the deacon talking, and his daughter turning her head aside as if it were merely in the section of the world situated on her right hand that she took the least interest. That's to show 'en the big plait," commented one of the group heboid. " He can't turn his head hes way, but it stares en in the face." " An' her features look best from the left side, as everybody knows." " I reckon, if lie's chosen minister, that Lizzie '11 have 'en," said a tall, lanky girl. She was apprenticed to a dressmaker and engaged to a young tinsmith. Having hi id aside ambition on her own account, she tfunir in this reaia. k as an apple of discor i. "Tenifer I losken has a chance, lie' fair skinned hissel', an' Lizzie's too neas bis own colour. Black's mate is white, as they say." '•There's Sue Tregraine. Shed: have more money than either, when her father dies." •'What, marry one o' Kuan ! '' tinspeaker tittered despitel'ully. '• Why not V The only answer was a shrug. Ruan is a small town that faces Troy across the diminutive harbour, or, perhaps, 1 should say that Troy looks down upon it at this slight distance. When a Trojan speaks of it he says, •• Across the water," with as much implied contempt as though lie meant Botany Bay. There is no cogent reason for this, except that the poorer class at Kuan earns its livelihood by fishing. In the eyes of its neighbours the shadow of this lonely calling is cast upwards upon its wealthier inhabitants. Troy depends on commerce, and employs these wealthier men of Ruan to build ships for it. Further it will hardly condescend. In the days in which I write intermarriage between the towns was almost unheaid of, and even now it is rare. Yet they are connected by a penny ferry. '• I ter father's a shipbuilder," urged Sue Tregraine's supporter. " He. might: as well keep crab pots, for all the chance she'll have." Now there was a Ruan girl standing just outside this group, and she heard what was said. Her name was Nance Trewartha and her father was a fisherman. who did in fact keep crab-pots. Moreover she was his only child and helped him at his trade. She could handle :< boat as well as a man, she knew every sea mark up and down the coast for forty miles, she could cut up bait and her hands were horny with handling ropes from her childhood. But on Sundays she wore cloves, and eiime across the ferry to chapel, and was as wise as any of her sex. She had known before coming out of her pew that the young minister had a <A-oll-shaped back to his head and a gold ring on his little finger wi;h iomenodyV. hail' in the collet, under a crystal. She was dark, straight, and essoin r, ' figure, with ripe lips and eyes black as sloes, and she hoped that ••he hair in the minister's ring was his mother'^. She was weli aware of her 'f/^al inferiority ; but—the truth may be told — -he to forget it that pioming, and to v:osder what this ;0.;ng mr,u would be bke as a husband. She had looked up into his face during sermon time, devouring his boyish features, noticing his rsiiued ac;enc, marking every gesture. Certainly he was com-'K- and desirable. As he walked down the hill by Deacon Snowden's side, she was perfectly conscious of the longing in her heart, but prepared to put a stop to it, and go home to dinner as sO'Hi as he had turned the corner and passed out of sight. Then came that unhappy remark about the crab-pots. She bit her lip for a moment, turned, and walked slowly off towards the ferry, full of thought. Three weeks after, the Rev. Samuel Bax received his call. He arrived to assume his duties, in the waning light of a soft January day. Bontigo's van set him down, with a carpet-bag, band-box, and chest* of books, at the door of the lodgings which Deacon Snowden had taken for him. The house, stood in the North street, as it is called. It was a small yellow-washed building, containing, just half-a-dozen rooms, and of these the two set apart for the minister, looked straight upon the harbour. Under his sitting-room window was a little garden, and at the end of the garden a low wall with a stretch of water beyond it, and a barque that lay at anchor hut a stone's throw away, as it seemed, its masts overtopping the misty hillside that closed the view. A green-painted door was let into the garden-wall—a door with two flans,' the upper of which stood open ; .and t-a rough this opening he caught, mother glimpse of grey water. The landlady, who showed him into his room, and at once began to explain that the furniture wa« better limn it looked, was hardly prepare;! tor rhe rapture with which he stare 1 out of the window. His boyhood had been spent in a sooty Lancashire town, and to him the green garden, the quavdoor, the barque, and the stilly water, seemed to fall little short of Paradise. 1 reckoned you'd like it." sic- said, •' An' to be sure, 'tis a blessing you do" He turned his stare upon her for a moment. She was a benign-looking woman of about lifty, in a short-skirted grey gown and widow's cap. •• Why do you say that ! " " Because, leavin' out the kitchen, there's but four rooms, two for you an' two for me ; two facin' the harbour, an' two facin' the street. Xow, if you'd took a dislike to this look- out, 1 must ha' put you over the street an' moved in here mysel'. 1 do like the street, too. There's so much more doin." " 1 think this arrangement will be better in every way," said the young minister. " I'm main glad. Iss, there's no denyin' that I'm main glad. From upstairs you can see right down the harbour, which is prettier again. Would- 'ee like to see it now 1 O' course you would—an' it'll be so much handier for answerin' the door, too. There's a back door at the end o' the passage. You've only to slip a bolt an' you'm out in the garden—out to your boat, if you choose to keep one. But the garden's a tidy little spot to walk up an' down in an' make up your sermons, wi nobody to overlook you but the folk next door; an' they'm church-goers." After supper that evening, the young minister unpacked his books, and was about to arrange them, but drifted to the window instead. He paused for a minute or two, with his face close to the pane and then dung up") the sash A faint north wind breathed down the harbour, scarcely ruffling the water. Around and above him the frosty sky flashed with innumerable stars, and behind the barque's masts, behind the long chine of the eastern hill, a soft radiance heralded the rising moon. It, was the new moon, and while he waited, her thin horn pushed up, as it were, through the furze brake on the hill's summit, and she mounted into the free heaven. With upturned eye the young minister followed her course for twenty minutes, not consciously observant, for he was thinking over his ambitions, and at his time of life these are apt to soar with the moon. Though possessed with zeal for good work in this small seaside town, lie intended that Troy shout! be but a stepping-stone in his journey. He meant to go far. And while he meditated his future, forgetting the chill in the night air, it was being decided for him by a stronger will than his own. More than this, that will had alreadypassed into action. His destiny was actually launched on the full springtide that sucked the crevices of tingrey wall at the garden's end. A slight sound drew the minister's gaze down from the moon to the quaydoor. it's upper flap still stood open, allowing a square of moonlight to pierce the straight black shadow of the garden wall. In this square of moonlight there now framed the head and shoulders of a human being. The. young man felt a slight chill run down his spine. He leant forward out of the window and challenged the apparition, bating his tone as all people bate it at that hour. " Who are you 1 " lie demanded, " and what is your business here?" There was no reply for a moment, though he felt sure his voice, must have"'carried to the quay-door. The figure paused for a second or two, then unbarred the lower flap of the door and advanced across the wall's shadow to the centre of the bright grass-plot under the window. It, was the ligure of a young woman. Her head was bare and her sleeves turned up to the elbows. She wore no cloak or wrap to cover her from the night air. and her short-skirted coarse frock 'was onen at the neck. As she turne i ut> !?er race !.-o wic ."C minister count see by tlie moon s rays that it was well-favoured. ••'Be you the new preacher?" she asked, resting a hand on her hip, and speaking softly up to him. " I am the new Independent minister." Then I've come for you." "Come for me?" " Iss ; mv name's Nance. Trewartha, an* you 'en wanted across 'he water, quick as possible. Old Mrs. Slade's a-dyin' to nighi, over yonder." •'Sip- wants me?" " She's one o' your congregation, an' can't die easy till you've seen her. I reckon, she's got something 'pon her mind; an' I was to fetch you over, quick as I could." As she spoke the church clock down in the town chimed out the hour, and immediately after, ten strokes sounded on the clear air. The minister consulted his own watch, and seemed to he considering. •'Very well," said ],e, after a pause. " I'll come. I suppose I must cross by the ferry." ) " Ferry's closed this two hours, an' you needn't, wake up any in the house. I've brought father's boat to the ladder below, an' I'll bring you back again. You've only to step out here by the back door. An' wrap yourself up, for 'tis a brave distance." " Very well. I suppose it's really serious." '• Mortal. I'm glad you'll come," she said simply. The young man nodded down" in a friendly manner, and going back into the. room, slipped on his overcoat, picked up his hat, and turned the lamp clown carefully. Then he struck a match, found his way to the back door, and unbarred it. The girl was waiting for him, still in the centre of the grass plot. " I'm glad you've come," she repeated. but this time there was something like constraint in her voice. As he pul.led.-to the door softly she moved, and led the way down to the waterside. From the quay-door a long ladder ran down to the water. At low water one liar! to descend twenty feet and more, ; but now the high tide left but three of its rungs uncovered. At the young minister's feet a small fishingboat lay ready, moored by a short painter to the ladder. The girl stepped lightly down and held up a hand. " Thank you," said the young man with dignity, " but I do not want' help." She made no answer to this ; but as ho stepped down, went forward and unmoored the painter. Then she pushed gently away from the ladder, hoisted the small foresail, and, returning to her companion, stood beside him for a moment with her hand on the tiller. •• Better make fast the fore-sheet," she. said suddenly. The young man looked helplessly at he)-. He. had not the slightest idea of her meaning, did not in fact know the ditlerer.ee between a fore-sheet and a mainsail. And it was just to find out the depth of his ignorance that she had spoken. " Never mind," she said, " I'll do it myself." She made the rope fast, and took hold of the tiller again. The sails shook and filled softly as they glided out from under the wall. The soft breeze blew straight behind them, the tide was just beginning to ebb. She slackened the main sheet a little, and the water hissed as they spun down under the grey town towards the harbour's mouth. A dozen vessels lay at anchor below the town quay, their lamps showing a strange orange yellow in the moonlight : between them the minister saw the cottages of Ruan glimmering on rhe eastern shore, and above them the coastguard-station with its flagstaff, a clear white upon the black hillside. It. seemed to him that they were not shaping their course for the little town. "1 thought you told me," lie said at length, " that Mrs. the dying woman —lived across there." The girl shook her head. " Nnt in 5 1 V . I ,. . i ' I ' Jj.u'.oU, I r U il lldid to go round the point." She wax ]fanui.<; hack' and gazing ,*tniigiit U-Tore her, towards the bar bvur's. mouth. Tt\° boat was one of tile cl-l.SS t hat s«>l'V(-'S along that COHSt. for hook-tmddiue as well as drift net •fi-hing. clinker-built. about twent- ysi'vi'u foot. in the V:ct>l, and nine in • uu. [t had no clock beyond a small cuddy forward, on top of which a light li:i:i r-frost, was gath'Tiny as they in."ved. The minister .stood hi-side the girl, and withdrew 'his eyes from tiiisi cuddy roof to contemplate her. ••Do yon mean to say," he asked, "that von don'r rake cold, wearing no wrap or i<•>:•,• 1 t. on fro>ty nights like this:" >ho let. the tiller go for a moment, took his hand by the wrist, and laid it on Iter own bare arm. He felt the f'e-h, but it was firm and warm. Then ho withdrew his hand hastily, without Ihulinjr anything to say. His eyes ; a-'Glided hers. When, after half minute, he looked at her again, her iT.-ix" was fixed straight. ahead upon tiemiKtv stretch of sea beyond the harbour's month. la a minute or two they were sweeping between the tail cliff and the reef of rocks that guard this entrance 011 either side. Oil the reef stood a wooden cross, painted white, warning vessels to give a wide berth ; on the clitf a grey castle, with a battery before it. under the guns of which they spun seaward, still with the wind astern. Outside, the sea lay a- smooth as within the harbour. The wind blew steadily off the. shore, so that, closehauled, one might fetch up or- down channel with equal ease. The girl betran to flatten the sails, and asked her companion to bear a hand. Their hands met over a rope, and the man not ed with surprise that the girl's was feverishly hot. Then she brought the boat's nose round to the eastward, and, heeling gently over the dark water, they began to skirt the misty coast with the breeze on their left check's. How much farther'?'' asked the minister. She nodded towards the first point in the direction of Plymouth. He turned his eont-eollar up about his ears and wondered if his duty would often take him on such journeys as tin -. Also he felt thankful 'hat the sea. was smooth. Be might, or might not, be given to sea-sickness ; but somehow he was sincerely glad that, he had not to be put to the test for the ti r-st. time in this girl's presence. They passed the small headland and still the boat, held on its wav. u T had no idea you were going to take me this distance. Didn't you promise me the house lay just beyond the point we've just passed." To hi« amazement the girl drew herself tip, looked him straight in the fact: and said— There's no such place." " WhatV' There's no such place. There's nobody ill at all. f. told you a lie." " Yon told me a lie—then why in the name of common sense am I here ? \ " Because, young minister—because, sir, I'm sick o 1 love for you, an' I want'ee to marry me.' 1 ; 'dreat heaveu 1 " J die young minister muttered, recoiling, ''Is th.: girl mad ? '' "Ah. hut look at me. sir." Slae •?••'< nied to grow still taller as she stood there, renting one Land on the tiller and looking at him with perfectly serious eyes. ;t Look at me well before your fancy light- 'pon some; • other o' the girls. To-morrow they'll bo all after 'ee, an 5 this 131 be my only chance ; for my father's no bettern'n a pi ait i fisherrna n, an' they're ail above 'me iji money an.' rank. I he but a' common Jinan girl, an' my family is; ; counted for nought. <,„. Bat look at me? ;we.ll ; theiv's none .-tronger, nor come-', dier. nor that'll love thee so dear." , Tre- young man. rio-il.-ively gasprd. " Set me ashore at once!" he commanded, stamping his foot. Nay, that I will not 'till thou promise, and r-hatOat. Dear lad. Halo:;—air constant-, consent—an' 1; s w 1 - a i' to thee. thou'll never be sorrv for " . I ; | : i ; j ; i i : | : ; | ' i i , i | i j ! ' i ! "T never hoard such awful impropriety in my life. Turn back ; I order you to steer back to the harbour at once! She si 100k her head. " No, lad : i won't. An' what's more, you don't .know how to handle a boat, an; couldn't get back by voursel', not in a month." "This is stark madness. You—you abandoned woman, how long do you meat) to keep me here ?" "Till thou give in to me. Went Roin' straight t'wards P'ymouth now. an' if th' wind holds—as 'twill—we'll he off the Tlame in two hours. If vou haven't said me yes by that, maybe we'll go on ; or perhaps we'll run across to the coast of France —'' " Girl, do you know that if I'm not hack by daybreak, I'm ruined ! " " And oh. man, man ! Can't 'ee see that T'm ruined, too, if I turn backwithout your word ? How shall T show my face in Troy streets again, tell me 1" At this sudden transference of responsibility the ^Minister staggered. You should have thought of that before." he said, employing the one obvious answer. " O' course I thought of it. But for love o' you I made up my mind to risk it. An' now there's n<o going back." - She paused a moment and then added, as a thought struck her. " Why, lad. doesn' that prove I love 'ee uncommon ?" " I prefer not to consider the question. Once more—will you go back ?" "I can't," He bit his lips and moved forward to the cuddy, on the roof of which he seated himself sulkily. The girl tossed him an end of rope. " Dear, better coil that up an' sit upon it. The fro3t '11 strike a chill into thee." With this she resumed her old attitude by the tiller. Her eyes were ifixed ahead, her gaze passing just over the minister's hat. When he glanced up lie saw the rime twinkling on her. shoulders and the star shine in her dark eyes. Around them the firmament blazed with constellations up to its coping. Never had the minister ,seen them so multitudinous or so re- ;Splendent. Never before had the heavens seemed so alive to him. He could almost, hoar it breathe. And .beneath it the little boat raced eastward. with the reef-points pattering on its tan sails. Neither spoke. For the most part the minister avoided the girl's eyes. and. sat nursing his wrath. The whole aIIair was ludicrous ; but it meant the sudden ruin of his good name, at the very start of his career. Th!-- was the word he kept grinding between his teeth-—"ruin," "ruin." Whenever it plea-ed this mad woman to set him. ashore, he must write to Deacon Snowden for his boxes and resign all eon - neetion with Troy. But would he ever get rid of the scandal ? Could he ever he sure that, to whatever distance | he might flee, it would not follow him; Had he not better abandon his calling. I once and for all - It was hard. A star shot down from the Milky Way and disappeared in darkness behind the girl's shoulder. His eyes, ; following it, encountered hers. She left the tiller and cam." siowiy forward. I u In three minutes we'll open Piyj mouth Sound," she said quietly, and then with a sharp gesture dung b -th | arms out towards him. " Oh, lad, I think better o't an' turn bade wi' me. Say you'll marry me, for I'm perishin' i o' love." The moonshine fell on her throat and extended arms. Her lips were ' patted, her head was thrown hack a little, and for the first time the young minister saw that she was a beautiful woman. 1 " Ay, look, look at me," she pleaded j " That's what I've wanted 'ee to do all along. Take my hands : they're ; shapely to look at and strong to work for 'ee." Hardly knowing what he did. the ycung man took them ; then in a moment he let them go—but too late : ; they were about his neck. With that he sealed his fate for good or ill. He bent forward a little , and their lies met. >0 -tcady v. as the wind that tieboat -till heid on her course ; but no sooner had the girl received the ki" that she knew to be a binding promise than she dropped her arms, walked oft', and shifted the helm. " "Unfasten the sheet here,"' she commanded, "and duck your head clear 0' the boom." As soon as their faces were set for home, the minister walked back to the cuddy roof and sat down to reflect. Not a word was spoken till thev reached the harbour's mouth again, and then he pulled out his watch. It was half-past, four in the morning. Outside the Battery Point the girl hauled down the sails and got out the sweeps ; and together they pulled up under the still sleeping- town to the minister's quay door. He was clumsy at this work, but she instructed him in whispors, and they managed to reach the ladder as the clocks were striking five. The tide was far down by this time, and she held the boat close to the ladder while he prepared to climb. With h is foot on the first round, he turned. She was white as a ghost and trembling from top to toe. " Nance—did you say your name was Nance ? " She nodded." " What's the matter " I'll—I'll let you off, if you want to be let of!'." " I'm not sure that I do," he said, and stealing softly up the ladder, stood at the top and watched her boat as she steered it hack to liuan. Three months after they were married, to the indignant amazement of the minister's congregation, it almost cost him his pulpit, but he held on and 'triumphed,^ There is no reason to believe that he ever repented of his choice, or rather of Nance's.'© To be sure, she had kidnapped him by a lie, but, perhaps, she wiped it out by fifty years of honest affection. On that point, however. II, who tell the tale, will not dogmatise. Aboct the Wrn.v Hrtokt.—" A curious thing about political oratory wit. is the side light I got upon one aspect .-it it years ago inBuffalo." Thus Mr. (''Icvelu.id is "quoted by a listener:—"One morning u '.piaint-looking old chap came into mv o!tie<and said that he had read in the newspaper^ that I was to speak at a mass meeting t infollowing night, and wanted to know if u was true. When I told him it was so. he revealed to me a new method of gaining oratorical distinction. He volunteered to interrupt my speech at stated intervals with a remark that should be agreed upon between as. To this interjection I was to retort wittily, and thus, as the old fellow pointed oat, I would acquire a reputation as a wittyspeaker. .My first enpression was that he was amusing himself at my expense, bur he repeated to we several things [ could reply to wittilv, and wanted me to p.iy him roundly for helping me to a replication. Bur j told him I was indifferent t-o that kind of fame, and he went away disappoiu: oil. Not very long after that, I was suited on a stage listening ro a speaker, when who should arise in the audience bsif mv ifii.-iint visitor and V>a wi out one of the very i Sen:;* he wanted m? to pay hint for iir-'Trep'.ing me with. The orator answered imn wiiii the same retort, thai i e,as offered ;iio privilege of making, ami the audience oxpioded into laughter, and 1. heari'iv joined in, hut n:\ amusement Had not ' ae s..uic foundation, f ron-v, as that <>* the rest «»f •she laughers. And uermg the rest of i i><• evening the ah: feliow made an oco.st-iona! interruption from difi'srent part." of the house, and the retorts ••• ere et the. nv.n • factured sort. I am a trifle sc^pi-'cal »>• the sueject of witty re-torts." * * * As compared with the correspondingperiod of last year the month just ended shows some big"decreases. Mining yielded /i6 170 less than in July, 1896, stamp revenue, £4624. These are the two principal items of decrease, though telegrams also show a falling off. These decreases are doubtless due to the slackness in mining and business circles. We can understand these decreases, but we cannot understand there being a decrease in the totals. Population has received a very substantial increment during the twelve months. Probably from 20,cco to 30,000 people have been added to the ranks of the colony's taxpayers during the year, and as each taxpayer is worth" at cut £1 10s to the revenue per month it set msir.explicable that the revenue for July stcuid be £12,320 less than for the corresponding month of last year. Even allowing for the decreases mentioned in the return, it ceitainly seems as if the revenue for the month should have been £'20,000 more than fcr July last year. It seems that the spending power of cur people has been sadly curtailed, or else that there has been seme ridiculous mistake made in the revenue returns. 