The Origi* of CUrlitfiias Annuals. • Borne authorities now argue that the " Christmas Carol" was the real founda tion or the Apnual, It so. It is Cbrlous to note that the fedltlo prlnceps appeared in a little volume very much In the small keepsake form. Sinter thus describes It:—" Published nt>t In 'red but In brdwn .cloth with eUt edges, gflt design, and green end papers." On psfee 1 the head words read, "Stave I." The words *' Stave 1" Indicate a later issue, no matter how the book may be bound. tt U Biso, perhaps, amusing to note that the maritet price of the first edition 01 the " Christmas Carol " runs (ram £3 10s. upwards. -Let it be known, however, that, des pite its world-wide popularity, the au-. thor regarded the Carol as more or less a commercial failure (sic). He writes "I found the Carol accounts waiting for' me, iund they ..were the cause of Jt (111 ness). The first $000 copies show a profit of £230, and the last four will yield as much more. I had set tay heart and soul on a thousand deaf.". tt is evident from the character of'the preface that Dlokene counted on what might be called a 'ftfetierai olrbulillon, for he says !—".I have endeavoured In this J ghostly little book to raise the ghost of j an idea which shall not put iny readers out ot humour with themselves, with each other, with the season, or with me. May It haunt their house* pleasantly, and no one wlah tp lay it." Neither "The carol," "The ChlraeB," "The Cricket on the Hearth," "The Battle of Life," nor "The Haunted Man " fulfilled In any way the expectations of the writer. "The truth was," writes the biographer of Dickens, "as to all the Christmas stories Issued in this form, that the price charged was too large, for the public addressed by them was too little to remunerate tbelr outlay; and when In later years he put forth similar fancies for Christmas, charging for them fewer pence than the shillings charged for these, be counted his purchasers— with fairly corresponding gains to him self—not by tens but by hundreds ot thousands."—" Wluiaot Mmilw" 