ELEANOR'S PRIDE. " My greatest wish is never to look upon your face again !" exclaimed the speaker, excitedly. " And my greatest effort shall be to secure to you realisation of that wish !" was the answer. The two who confronted each other, one with cheeks pallid and dark eyes flaming angrily, the other cold, scornful, immovable, had but three years before promised at the altar to love and cherish each other intensely. Eleanor Dare turned from her husband, her breath coming consulsively, her bosom heaving, and her eyes fell on her child—their child— lying asleep in its little bed, its sweet beauty appealing powerfully to the mother's heart, With a startled cry she fell on her knees by the crib, burying her face in the coverings. There are forces under nature's control capable of working changes in man's heart that all the logic of sages could not produce. The sight of his wife, the mother of his child kneeling in mute despair besides the little one smiling in its innocent sleep, stirred all the pent up tenderness of Dare's heart. He took a levitating step forward and laid one hand lightly on Eleanor's shoulder. With a shudder she drew away from him, not looking up. His hand fell beside him. " Eleanor !" he said half pleadingly. She did not answer. Coming nearer, he bent over the two, saying in tones neither calm nor steady— " Perhaps we are both mistaken, Eleanor. Can we mend this matter ? Do you want peace or shall it be as you said just now—a lasting separation." The powers of good and evil were struggling desperately for mastery in the soul of Eleanor Dare. All the tenderness of her nature urged her towards him, and the sleeping child whose rosy fingers her cheek was touching implored strongly though silently forgiveness for the erring husband. Erring — yes. He had committed evil not easily repaired and forgotten, and had dealt his wife's heart a blow that wounded it cruelly. Her pride and shocked affection were rebelling wildly now ; the hour had come that comes in the lives of almost all husbands and wives, when supremacy must be conceded to one or the other ; when, if peace and happiness to continue, one will must bend and one heart make the concession which is indispensible to harmony and love. Eleanor Dare had never in all her life yielded to another. She had followed her own inclina- tion unchecked, and unbiased. She had done so in marrying Philip Dare in opposition to the wishes of her family. In that dreadful mo- ment of indecision, when love clamoured so strongly within her bosom, she suffered untold agony. If he had only spoken more warmly, been a trifle less cold in his entreaty, this quarrel would, without doubt, have ended in reconcilia- tion. But wounded pride and stubborn will, that cannot yield in a minute or a day, prevailed at length. She turned her face away from him saying— " No, I can never forgive you, and I was not conscious of needing forgiveness. There can be no peace for us together. Better, far better, apart." " Very well." His voice was as cold now ill her own. " It shall be as you say. But was you kindly consider one thing more ? The child ——" " She is mine !" exclaimed Eleanor, almost furiously starting to her feet, and clasping the baby to her breast. " She is mine, by all law, human or divine. I bore her in sorrow and suffering, and only death shall take her from me." "Would it not be as well to dispense with histrionics ?" asked her husband. " I have no intention of playing the part of stage villain and stealing your child ; but if you can descend to so prosaic a matter, how do you intend to sup- port her ?'' A flash of scorn shot from his wife's dark eyes. " Not by your aid," she replied bitterly. " I wil not touch one penny of your money, do you understand ? You are at liberty to bestow it on those who have succeeded me in your affec- tions. I will not share it with such as they." " Eleanor, have a care !" he exclaimed, roused now to a pitch of anger hitherto un- reached. " Even you may go too far. I will not stoop to a denial of charges which mv wife should blush to repeat or believe. You, who have been so foolishly imprudent, are sacred from such accusations from me ! " " I hope—oh, heaven, how I hope .'—you may never have an opportunity to utter such words to me again !" cried Eleanor, turning white to her lips. The little one, awakened by the raised voices, commenced crying with fright. Eleanor sank into a chair, soothing and caressing the child, all her wrathful pride giving way to sweet, maternal instinct ; but Dare was angered beyond endurance, and the sight had for him now no soothing influence. He left the room saying as he went— " You shall have your wish, madam, but you shall not teach my daughter to grow up hating her father.'' He left the house, and at a late hour that night had not returned. His wife closed her chamber door against all intruders. Early next morning he made his appearance, looking haggard and careworn, and went directly to the locked apartment. The door was forcibly opened, but the room was empty. Eleanor fled with her child, taking nothing with her save the clothing they wore. He did not search for her His first feelings were of outraged pride and terrible anger towards the woman whose flight put upon him such open shame. In the first ardour of his wrath he said to himself that she was nothing to him and had forfeited all claim to his pity or forbearance. Although he could not shirk the fact that he deserved censure, this did not soften the evil of her abandonment of him. She knew he loved her, and should have listened to him with wifely meekness and tender sub- mission that would have softened his heart ; he would have sued for pardon, and the chasm of their first happiness would have been restored. And she was faulty, too, he told himself— thoughtless, giddy, too fond of gaiety, not quiet and retiring, as it became a young matron to be. He could not go so far, even in his thoughts, as to charge Eleanor with untruth towards him ; yet by nature he was bitterly jealous, and be- grudged every word and look given to another, no matter how innocently bestowed. These thoughts ruled him for a time, but after a while gentler ones succeeded them. He missed his wife badly, He avoided society, shunned sympathy, and led the life of a recluse. He lived in his dreary, deser- ted house, given over to the rule of a grave housekeeper, and read or thought or wrote. He had no hopes, no aims. His income supported him, and no necessity forced him to action, so, as the months passed by, he drifted into sullen cynicism and misanthropy. Then the bitterness of his heart softened, and he grew to think of Eleanor with tender regret and longing. Yet he would not seek her. He had decided that she was with her family, but they resided three hundred miles distant from him, and he had no correspondents in their vicinity. So he could learn nothing of her by chance. But Eleanor had not returned to her people. They had opposed her marriage, and rather than tacitly admit their better sense, she chose to bury herself in one of our great cities. She was not a genius, neither had she any special talent. She was an unskilful seamstress, and blunderered over verbs and problems when examined for a teacher's certificate. Life went hardly with her. For many long months she struggled bravely to maintain herself and little one nor did false pride restrain her from seek- ing any respectable employment ; but the strain upon body and mind was too severe ; her health gave way and a lingering illness followed, during which she tested to its fullest capacity the comfort bestowed upon a charity patient in a public hospital. A friendly woman lodging in the same house with Eleanor cared for the little Amy, who, in spite of poverty, grew and throve like a sturdy plant, and brought now and then a ray of sunshine into the dreary ward where lay the wretched mother. No pen can portray the unspoken thoughts thronging her tortured brain. She remembered when tender hands had ministered to her in sickness, and a love, blessed beyond all others, had surrounded her with purest happiness. The memory of that wretched quarrel died away. She thought only of the constant lover of her youth, the husband whose very jealousy grew out of his all-absorbing love for her, and whose temper had been intensified by her unbending will. A sick bed is a searcher for the soul, and Eleanor Dare saw the past years march before her eyes in spectral procession, filled with the ghosts of her dead hopes and dreams. Back over her stricken heart flowed that long re- pressed love in a mighty torrent, and mingled with it was longing for the husband whom she had abandoned. But self-will is a giant not easily subdued, and though her weeks of suffering had humbled her to an astonishing degree, she was not quite ready to seek a reconciliation. Hollow-eyed and haggard she passed out of the hospital and returned to the humble friend who had tended her child, to seek transient shelter and counsel as to the best way of now earning her livelihood. The woman looked at her critically. She was emaciatcd and pallid from her long illness, and her sunken eyes, grown unnaturally large and bright, sought her companion's with eager inquiry. " To tell the truth, Mrs. Clyde"—Eleanor had taken her maiden name—'' I don't know what you can do, in fact. You see that sewing is poorly paid, and you are not much of a hand at it, besides ; and your health is too poor for teaching if you could get it. I don't know of anything else except housework ; all the shops seem full just now." Eleanor winced at this, feeling the ground dipping from under her feet " Then what will become of me and Amy ?" " Well, I don't know, Mrs. Clyde. There is the Working Woman's Relief Association— perhaps you could find aid there. At any rate, stay with me until you can turn your hand to something." Eleanor thanked her warmly, and went to the association rooms. She was told that she must produce testimonials of character from some clergyman or well known man or woman before my thing could be done. There was no one well enough acquainted with her to give her these—at least, not of the rank in society required by the association, and Mrs. Gray, a poor washerwoman, was out of the question so far as these worthy Pharisees were concerned. Then for a fortnight Eleanor walked the streets in her desperate search for some kind of work—any work, decent and respectable, that might provide the merest pittance. This could not last, however. She had no money, and the needy washerwoman could not long support the two. The sixteenth day after leaving the hospital she suddenly fainted on the street, was picked up by a burly policemen and taken to the nearest station, where after a while she recovered sufficiently to give an account of herself. A stranger, a fashionably attired man, had witnessed the incident, followed her, and managed to overhear her story and ascertain where she lived. He saw that, in spite of her shabby dress, Eleanor was a lady, and when returning animation warmed the wan features into life that she was beautiful also, and resolved not to lose sight of her. A few days afterwards Eleanor dropped a bundle she was carrying home for Mrs. Gray, and it was picked up and restored to her by this stranger, whose name was Van Dorn. She did not recognise him, however, and it was not till they had met—by accident on her part and design on his—several times in the same place that her womanly instinct took alarm. She altered her route after that and did not see him for a week. Meanwhile she assisted Mrs. Gray, starching and ironing the finer articles and fetching and carrying bundles, so that the good woman assured her she made ample compensation for her keeping. But Eleanor was not satisfied. There was constant fever in her veins that would not let her rest—a continual fear for the future that kept her awake for hours after little Amy was asleep beside her, and drove the colour from her cheeks and lit maniacal fires in her eyes. Succeeding these feverish intervals were hours of apathetic despair from which nothing seemed to rouse her. It was during such a period that she again encountered Van Dorn. Tired in body and soul, she was leaning for a moment's rest against a pillar of a vast cathedral, when, in passing, he saw her, turned, and came to her, holding out his hand. " At last !" he said eagerly. " Where have you been this age ? Ah, pardon me—I scarcely know you—I have no light to speak, but—" " You must not talk to me," answered Eleanor, listlessly, letting her hand drop to her side. " Please go away. You are following me for no good purpose." " This is too cruel. Do not misunderstand me," cried Van Dorn, more roused than he had deemed possible. " You are suffering—you need assistance. Let me be your friend, and I will prove that I can be faithful." " I have no friends ! " exclaimed Eleanor, wildly, shrinking away. " Let me alone it you have any pity for me ; I am wretched enough already." She tried to pass him, but he gently detained her. " Wait," he said, his langour vanishing com- pletely. " Wait one moment—there is nobody near. What is the use of beating about the bush—of picking words so carefully. Let me speak honestly, and do you answer me in kind. I have been to the trouble in making inquiries about you, Mrs. Clyde, and know that you have a husband living and a child. You have chosen for some good reason, probably, to leave yout husband. Very well, with that I have nothing to do, as it is an insurmountable barrier to my approaching you honourably. I can offer you no legal claim to my protection, but there re- mains the unpleasant fact that without that protection you will soon starve—you and your child. You are not able to do the work you can get, and have no experience in the work nature intended for you. It follows then that you must accept charity from one of these sources : The public charity will send you to the almshouse !'' —Eleanor shuddered—" that bestowed by your hard-working friend the washerwoman and that which I offer you. For yourself you might not care so much ; but there is your innocent child, for whom in a measure you are respon- sible. Can you see her suffer when you might prevent it, if you would ?" Eleanor turned upon him, all the cold scorn and pride flashing from her beautiful eyes, for a moment transfiguring the pale and wasted features. Then, as the conviction, wrought by his words gradually impressed itself upon her mind, the burst of resentful indignation changed by turns to fear, doubt, repulsion, and at last to despair. Her eyes, full of hopeless longing, looked not at but beyond him, into the cold, clear sky. She had hitherto forgotten what day this was ; but through the numbness steal- ing over her, penetrated the thought that it was the fifth anniversary of her marriage. Was she going mad, or did a voice whisper softly, " I, Eleanor, take thee, Philip, to be my wedded husband, to have and to hold, for richer for poorer, for better, for worse, in sickness and health, to love, honour, and obey, till death do us part ? " Her companion, watching her closely, noted the changes on her speaking facts, and under- stood them in part. He know that he must act quickly and shrewdly, or the game was lost He touched her arm. " One word from you and your child's future is decided and your troubles are at an end." Eleanor did not answer. The voices of the singers rehearsing in the cathedral floated softly down to them through the frosty air. The solemn beauty of those tones, the pure and tender memories they awakened, gave her strength. She broke from Van Dorn and re- treated into the vestibule, while he followed slowly, bewildered and surprised. " Are you never going to speak, or is the alternative of starvation so attractive ?" he impatiently asked. She shivered and recoiled as if from a blow, recalled from her dream of the past to the stern realities of the present. What this man said was true ; without assistance she must soon starve. Dared she send him away ? Oh, what should she do ? She stood silent, gazing fixedly before her, torn by many distracting thoughts ; then all at once she again heard that voice which seemed so real and yet so unreal, and this time it said, " Eleanor, my wife !" The spell was broken. With a cry she dashed past Van Dorn and tied from him, thinking only of Philip Dare as she sped homeward to her child and his. The barrier of her pride was broken down at last, and her resolution taken. Philip Dare stood looking from his library window, though blind to the landscape without for his heart was full of maddening memories. He saw his wife's fair face, he heard the tones he had loved so well rising in the sweet songs of early days, and a sob burst from his lips mingled with her name. " Eleanor—oh, Eleanor ! " Was he dreaming, or had the dream grown reality ? For a woman's hand touched his arm, and into his face looked the eyes of his vision, tender, loving, appealing. " I am here, Philip ! Does this mean I am your wife still, forgiven, loved, in spite of all the past ? " The transport of his surprise almost stunned Dare, and he could hardly persuade himself that this was not the fairest of delusions ; but as the full realisation came to him he ex- claimed— " Forgiven, Eleanor, my dearest, my wife ? If there be aught to forgive it was pardoned long ago. Oh, I never dreamed of this happiness ! " He took into his arms the mother and child, for little Amy had wonderingly followed in Eleanor's steps, and there in the shadows of the quiet room, lighted only by occasional gleams of firelight, the reunited pair lifted their hearts in silent thanks to God for the happiness that was theirs once more. 