LADIES' GOSSIP di8ea8es of women. their oause and cure. plain talks by a dootor. ballroom boors. what a man says. BY "RITA.". His KxcelJency the Governor and Lady Brasaoy entertained at dinner on Fri day, 2nd April:— Hoh. Robert and Mrs lleHt, hott. Henry C.uthbert, lion. H. R. and Mrs Williams, hon. S. and Mrs Wil- liamson unci Miss Williamson, hon. Wil liam M'Culloeh, Mayor of Melbourne. Mm and Miss Strong, Commander Adams (1I.M.S. 1'ylodes). hon. O.-and Mrs Hafchso, Mr and Mrs R. J. Alcock, FrofeRwr und Mrs Tucker, Dr. and Mrs Marshall, Mr and Mrs David Syrnc, und Miss Kyme.Mrs and Miss Mathleson. hon Mrs Freeman Thomas, Lord Shaftesbury, Lord Richard Ncvlll. Dr. Emily Ryder's health lectures havo been very well attended by women during the last few days. Interest 1ms been well sustained, und It is id be hoped that the mooting convened for Friday to discuss the formation of a Health Society will result In something definite and practical. The course of ieutures is now complete, hut at the re quest of women who are unable to at tend In Uiq afternoon, the salient fea tures of. the six lectures will be repeat ed on Friday evening, in tho Athentoum at 7.30. Those who attend will get many practical hints on subjects of in terest to women. Better still, they will have, their thoughts directed to the channel In which the thoughts of the brightest minds In Europe and America run on matters pertaining dp the well- being of women. This Is what Is want ed. So many womfrn are terribly afraid of their own thoughts. They feel, they know, some course, not usually pursued in regard to their clothing, mode of living, ,or in what is usually demanded of them by relations, Is not just, or healthy, or bcntdlclal to them ns women, yet they are afraid of their thoughts on the subject ult too often. They want some one moderate und sen sible In her methods and Ideas to give them courage, noL alone to harbor their thoughts, but to put them. Into execu tion. Others, again, cannot contend against domestic opimsltlon. Take the case of a daughter of well-to-do parents, wishing to fit herself for an avocation not congenial to every utronger will than hers in the domestic circle. There Is only one wpy to overcome that. Make up your mind lo have the strong est will there. Do right, and go ahead. Now, women all round want that spirit. To be taught to take their lives In their own hands, and to have the leadership and sustenance of a woman who hus herself " been through the mill" as a worker, and knows what she 1» talking about, Is most iKnteflcia! to them. I have heard women lecturers who have told their auditors that every misery women Buffer from springs from— men. Now, If you (ls ic the average man— at least, I have heard so — what all his troubles in life arise from, he will say- women. Dr. Ryder lakes the view that X havo often put forth— and that 1 would like to see put forth, with variations, once a week, till it Is well grasped- by women of the lag-last type— that all women's troubles are In their own hands to cause or cure. And she points out tho causes, and suggests a cure. The woman's wlfl should come out para mount when once she has decided a course Is good for her. She should Hrst learn what is desirable, and then carry out a little reformation. I will Blvu you Homo nolulB. you must not court Illness (by thinking and talking abiut It. -Tlicre |h a erUZC lAw for performing surgical operations \m women that should be resisted by wo men. Many of those cuttings and scrap ings are unnecessary. Though many women think they are very ill, It is only imagination, und tho suggestion of who ever tells them there is something dread ful tho matter with them. That men would never submit to an epidemic of these operations. That. women talk of tho operation and seem proud of what they have gone through, und so it goes on. They will sny, "No, I never hnd such and such an operation performed, but my slstor 1ms," as though that sister kept up the respectability of the family by submitting till tho other got ready for her turn. That women are now ullve "ml. well who have refused these opera tions, when told refusal meant death. That women should attend to their diet, clothing, bath, exercise, rust, and recrea tion, and would not huvo any critical I>ci'!odH hi life as they arc encouraged to bollevc. That It Is unnatural for women to hnvc the pain that they go through us natural and are taught to expect. That they should be ashamed to confess to some of the ailments they regard ns na tural, I do not want to miss this chance to Impress on women that a great deal of tills sort of thing comes from— after ignorance— pure Indolence. Women in any sort of business havo better health, as a rule, because their thoughts are In other and more henlthy channels. I have, ere this, explained to my friends that I could quite easily affect all these fancy ailments If I had only -time. One does not like to be too much out of the fashion. It is largely u question of time, Dr, Ryder urges mothers to cultivate themselves mora to keep pace with their hUHbands and children. After recognis ing and discharging their duty to them selves, to put themselves in a better posi tion to curry out their duty In their homes, to And out the best way to pro ceed, and to then carry out their ideiis. Children should he trained by kindness, and trained not to give trouble. Their dtet should be regulated. That women ruin their health, und complexions by Inattention to small things. The ther- mul bnth to Induce perspiration is the beat way of breaking up a cold. Tlmt women should have a silent restful half hour tw|ce.a day to soothe their nerves. They work at too high pressure, and get norvouH, Irritable, and nil goes' wrong. Now from these representative points those who have not heard these lectures cntt Judge somewhat of their style and scope. Many, if not nil, of the points I havo put before you nlready, Those who from time to tlmo have boon very angry with me for views expressed will not be pleased with Dr Ryder's opinions of such people. Hlmply they are ail be hind the 'times. These matters ure all of great and increasing interest to women. The breathless Interest with which the lectures have been followed showed me that It wus worth reproduc ing some features of the discourse, for those to whom this epitome will be all Die help t hoy will got In an endeavor "not to be 111" or "sound well women radiating health instead of disease," to quote the lecturer. It is necessary to add for the bench t of those who do not know their own minds that these views ore not new and arc approved by some of the leading physicians in the world. When will women drag themselves up to tills level and be ready for such another forward step as those who think for them may advocate? This is the power in their own htuids that they ure now abusing. A gentleman writes mc as follows :— "Dear Madam,— Last evening I accepted an invitation to a farewell dunce and wus rather disappointed with the treat ment that I received as a guest, and which Is only too common nt our dances here. That is, not one man usked me had I partners, or In any way looked after' their musts' enjoyment whatever. Indeed. I only had one riunoc, .and that with a relative, and not only was I an noyed, but fok insulted to see ono well known fello.w dancing Avlth another man when hosts of gentlemen and ladies who were Invited were sitting out dautf JMJttJnpA ravishing music. 2 have experienced this treatment at some half dozen Invitation dunces, nnd took the liberty of writing to one whom I have tho greatest faith in, as knowing how thorough, your superior knowledge of these things is, and would fool deeply grateful If in some of your spare time you would write on this subject. This letter Is of great Interest to many, now that the season Is opening. Many gentlemen who are blamed for not dancing have before this written to me and assured me verbally that usu ally the stewards and musters of cere monies are so very remiss In attending to their duties that they cannot get In troductions to partners. Many men undertake the duties of an M.C. , pin ou a rosette or the distinguishing badge, and skip about and do anything but at tend to the particular duties they have undertaKen. This applies to some mayoral and fuRhionabie subscription balls. I have been told of a gentleman who insisted on being an M.C. at a bull In order to decorate himself with the badge und fuss round near the Govern ment House pnrty. He did nothing else at that particular hail except recu perate his wasted energy with some thing that sent him to sleep in the Council chamber, where he was found when he was wanted to fuss round when the Governor left. Many— in deed the majority— of the stewards and masters of ceremonies think they should huvc nothing to do. 'Whereas inen specially qunUllcd should be selec ted, and Nelson's signal slightly altered should bethcrecognlscd inoUoofall their badges, viz., "The committee— to say nothing of the guests— expect that every steward this night will do his duty." Then the bails would be very different in many ways. x nose oflicers should be more care fully selected, and' a recognised list of rules of what Is required of thorn should be drawn up. The stewards would be glad of this help, because eti quette is not their strong point In some cases, und they simply have not a ghost of an Idea what Is correct or Incorrect. There Is a certain amount of work and energy needed to make bails successful and pleasant. In the social sense, to . the patrons, and those clubs who give annual balls and at bulls regularly given for chari ties those managing "would do well too see that tho rosette Is only given to capable men If they would have their balls successful In nil the competition that there Is In these matters now. Any one once undertaking the duties should carry them out more faithfully than they generally do for their own credit sake, and the reputation of the ball. What would people think of a host who dhl not in the least consider his guests' comfort or pleasure. Those resetted gentlemen stand somewhat In the position of a host at the subscription balls, and I liavc no hesitation In saying that they should be more carefully selected and attend bet ter to their work In very many instances. The tea room at the Warrawec Club has been rearranged, furnished and de corated by tho generosity of soinc ladies of the committee. The room Is now man aged by the house committee nnd every effort will !>e made to maac the room at tractive. A circular Jotter has been sent to members Informing them, of the changes mnde and requesting their co operation in making the Wnrmwee a centre for women nnd more useful to them. A piano is badly wanted, and the committee promise to take every care of one If any one should lend an Instru ment. Tho rooms are open to the public from 10 to 7.30 p.m.. and hot luncheon is served from 12 to 2. The subscription Is' onty 10s Cd per annum. 