Chaptee XV. —?' Wheee the Slave Ceases. ' 'It's all very well for you,' said Krink, firing a, contemptuous glance upon his prisoner, ' to talk as you are doing. 'Ow ever, I've heerd your sort afore, my fine fellow, an' I knowB just the vally of your remarks. It's a mighty smart thine now to pretend as you ain'tdead,ain*tit? But you Beet knowB better \- we knows better — everybody knows better. The real, genuine an' proper John Trenson died fourorfivedayssm^andwasberriedyescerday ; airly an' squarely put by ; an' for you . to try and come it that you're him, is rayther too steep for me. I hev heerd as 'ow some fellow oace reckoned up 'ow many fools theer was in this country ; it seems a stiffish thing to calVlate, bat he done it Now all I've got to say is as I'm not one o' them. Not me ! When Doctor Srnelli-! knows you died, when Timothy Midger knows he measured yon for that bn-tiful wooden weskit, knows he gev yoa a ride to chorch in his own heuse, when Stride knowa he covered yoa up as cosily as needs be, £ knowB enough not to be rich a fool as to believe yon aint dead.' Trenson started in dismay, for Krink*s words filled with vagne fears ; bat he made an effort to recover his old supremacy. ' Untie these cords at once, yoa scamp. If not 111 make yon suffer dearly for it.' ' Krink frowned angrily. ' Stop that 'ere rubbish at once,' he said. ' If you're willin' to listen to reason Fm 'ere on purpose to talk it ; if yon ain't Fm off downstairs for a bit tOl you comes to your senses. Only remember this, you ain't goin* to be untied ; yoa ain't goin to leave this room !' It was clearly of no use threaten. ' What is it you have to say then ?' 'Ah!' Now that's what I calls rashinal,' responded the victor with an approving nod. *' Yonll come to yoor senses — what few you've got that is — by and by, I kin see. First of all [11 just state the case. It's like this. John Trenson, a miserly an' cruel old beggar that he was, is dead. Stone dead ! as I said before. Everybody knows it, doctor, under taker, aexton, everybody ? ' ' But my housekeeper knows different and can prove it.' 'Int'ruptin' agen,' said Krink, with a mortified air. *' Wai you be quite or woo't you ? Kezia Adams fell downstairs larst night, scared ont'o her wits wi' lightin' a ghost to bed — an' no wonder. I found her there this mornin' with her neck broken, qaitestftfan'cold. She's aogoodas a witoesa, Treason's eyes diluted with terror. He realised for the 6rst time hour completely he was at the mercy of his grotesque tormentor, and that if the despised victim of his tyranny did but possess courage to carry out the scheme his words foreshadowed he was indeed a lost Krink saw the effect his announcement had made, and chuckling hoarsely rubbed bis broad sinewy hands together in great glee. ' Well, now, seeing that you're dead, your gran'son comes into your property, not for a month as you intended, but for good. Further, this gran'soo is rather a queer fellow. Hell want someone to look after th« property —I'm just the man for the job. I knows all the ins an' oats of things, an' net bein' one of them fools I was talkin' about, I knows, ton, as the most vallcyable article he possesses is an old loooatic in this ere room who thinks he's dead granfather ! See? Well, I'm either %oin' to look after you until he's had time to collect all the money together an' go abroad with it, or if he stays here— an I'm mightily feared he will be silly enough to do so from what IVe heerd — I am goin' to see as you're kep' out'n his sight for the rest of your days.' Trenson groaned, and the speaker frowned horribly. ' Don't go radkin' that row ! You've oothin' to grumble at. I'll treat you better'n old Skide would, and that's prooiisin' roore'n you deserve. Yon'H be awful comfortable ; awfnl ! You'll be well fed an' well looked after— 'specially looked after, oh yes ! All you'll hev to doll be to keep very quiet, [eared o' vexin' me, cos I don't like vean'. rhen I hears as spenits is always a-hankerin' after news from the world they've left ; so I shall come every day an' let yon know how Mr. Abner is apenduV the money — his money you know— an' how nicely he's enjoyin' ussel!' A muttered curse broke from the lips of the miserable old man as he thought of this disastrous miscarriage of his plans. Never had aoyooe been more completely entrapped in his own schemes. To be alive, to hear daily of the wasting of his cherished hoards, to be told of the enjoyments of ihe man he hated with a hate that only those of his vin dictive temperament can feel— this was worse than death. In the fury of his despair he made the most violeut efforts to free himself from his bonds, but Krink's work had been done too well to admit of this. The little fellow sat there, a couple of yards away, as he rolled to and fro on the floor, cursing in hia impotence and threatening such retribution as would have made Krink tremble in the old days, but which now only set him croaking delightfully and finally laughing until the room nwg again. Presently, however, he grew grave once more, and shook his head solemnly. 'It's bad form that 'ere,:1 he said im pressively. ' Very bad form. You ought to be ashamed of swearin' like that with_ a corpse in the house, two corpses in fact, an' I oaght to be ashamed of laughin' amid aich surroundings. ' Treason's only reply was a farther volley of fierce oaths and a more determined effort than before to free bis limbs from the galling cords. Bold eyed his efforts with a critical but ?yw^nnug glance. 'If that's your little game,' he said at length, 'I'd better knock you on the head at once. You'te again* to be a noosance to yoorseZf and everybody else. Theer ain't no harm in trill in* a dead nun, an' what's more, theer ain't no law agin it as ever I heerd on. Wneer'a that bloomin' poker ?' The victim began to bawl loudly, and Krink rising from his chair bestowed half-a-dozen vigorous kicks on his prostrate form. 'What yer 'owlinr at? Shut up! Shut up! Oh, well, then, you won't, eh? This 'ere ain't as hard as a poker, but 111 bet it confines that 'owrow !'* Witt this be slipped a long handkerchief over the old mans mouth and tied it so tightly that any further outcry was im posaible. ' You bloomin' old ting-tang/* he said grimly. ' I wer agoin* to give yon a good break-fas' an* leave you comfortable while I arranged this 'ere inquest, but you've 'ad too much corn it appears, an* want starvin* a Then looking round the room an open cupboard caught his eye. It was a large one and suffictenuy «unmmiinnn to contain the bound man. Krink, resolved that come what might he would not allow his prisoner to escape or to give an alarm, took hold of him, and with surprising ease carried him to the place and set him down carefully in it. 'If you git stifled theer that's your own fault,*' he said. ' Nob'dy at all to blame but yourself, yon know. You stay theer till night and fil come and see if you're any Bemribler.' With that, in spite of the mute entreaty which, now that be was completely beaten, was visible in John Trenson'seyes, he secured the door and left him. 