3ohnny's Column. The demoiselle of West Australia— you don't understand her— do you.? There, my boy, you show your good sense—she is a difficile. To come straight from" the society of the smart London young lady to that of the smart Perth young lady is undoubtedly a shock; but, it cuts both ways. Yon-see enormously puffed sleeves and.youIcnow that they went out of fashion long ago You hear the expression " there, I tell you straight" a colloquialism you would only hear «t home on the stage. You find that your partner, at a dance, has a much better knowledge of the pedigree of the local race horses than of her cater chistn : all shocks! But wait a bit and watch her:— Can your 18-year old sister at home ride or dance as well as she does ? Can she cook, sew, nurse, do the work of the house? Can she do all the shopping of the house as economically. as a lady of fifty would ? Can she make a box out of a few pieces of *deal in ten minutes.? It is what, at first sight, appears the fjaucherie of the W. A. girl that reveals to one for the first time the uselessness in practical details of the English girl. But what k'ind of a wife does she make? ah! on gaut Vessayer. She possesses the coquetry of the West American girl, the independence of the Scotch girl and the domestic genius of the German girl. If you don't flirt, she won't; if you do, she will. The other day an Englishman, who was in a condition that kind people describe as " happy," took me into his confidence quitespontaneously. I married a little West Australian girl," he said " and she's a jolly good little wife and &c.; See. There was a wild look of joy in his eyes. What Melbourne wants Albani for it. is difficult to understand. She had a good voice 20 years ago, and she is a most'intimate friend of H. G. M. Queen Victoria, and that is all. If 2VJ. wants some good singing why does she not get her own Miss Mitchell, who has the most beautiful voice in the world'at the present moment. Claremont, in a slight degree, is becoming decadent; one-sixteenthof-an-acre lots would ruin Paradise. People who are blessed with " savee " are making tracks for Cottesloe and Cottesloe Beach, where, at present, there is room to breathe. Hall Caine, who is playing in the dramatised version of his 44 Christian" looks rather like the ghost of Shakepeare. He ispetit, has hollow cheeks, large eyes, a pointed beard and long hair hanging over his shoulders; add to this a pair of spindle legs, a black velvet coat and a great slouch hat. He does most of his work in bed before breakfast; he is so delicate that he would have been dead1< ng ago if he did not possess a wife who devotes her whole life to keeping htm alive. He is not considered in London in the first rank of authors, but rather as a lucky journalist author. I remember spending a June afternoon with him in his garden, at Hampstead ; he was working, using a stylograph pen. Every now and then he would chat a little, but he was terribly seriousr—such a contrast to Besant at work. That evening I happened to be in Arthur Roberts' dres- sing room and told him that Hall Caine was ill. Arthur looked quite serious and said. 44 I'm so sorry, he is my favorite author*" I don't think that Hall Caine would be very distressed if he heard that Arthur Roberts was ill. \ctors have more heart than authors. Prominent people here are bored to death by letters of introduction. It is different at home where so many people devote their whole life to pleasure. Here, everybody works and if you don't they don't think much of you. PICCADILLY. 