MISCELLANEOUS. MANNUM, May. 24.—The average attendance at the local State school is considerably over 100, but the number was reduced to four last Friday owing to illness at the teacher's resi- deuce. The patient is recovering. The Mannnm people wish to have the school tern- ! porarily closed, but the Education Department think it is quite sufficient precaution against contagion for the teacher to leave the residence which is only a few feet from the school, Mokphett Yale, May 34—On Saturday Mr. Sigston was thrown from his bicycle when coming down a hill, dirough the upright bar snapping. He broke Jus jaw in the fall, and was otherwise bruised* considerably. The ac cident occurred near Morphett Vole, so "that the sufferer bad Dr. Hone s attention at once. —The annual windingAip meeting of the Mor phett Vale Cricket Club was held on May 2L Mfc Nalty (the president) presided over. a splendid attendance of members. Thebahace eheet, which was read.and adopted, showed that the club nad a "small balance in band. During the season- the first eleven playeu 30 matched, winning 14, losing 6, and drawing 10. They scored 3,829 runs for 286 wickets against their opponents' 2,125 runs for 257 wickets. C- Berry 'secured top place' in baiting' with an average ci Si for 28 innings, and J. Oomtble in bowling with 73 wickets for 332 runs. The second eleven played 23 matches, winning 14. losing six, and drawing three. S. Poison obtained the batting and bowline averages with an average of 21 j runs for twelve innings, and 37 wickets for 166 runs, but as the rules prohibited lim from taking both prizes that for bowling; was given to J. Perry, who bad an average of 6 per wicket Bats were presented to the players i mentioned. A special prize presented by Mr. A. McDonald. M.P., for the best all-round play was awarded to S. Poison. The club ako presented E. Perry with a bat in recognition of his services as secretary. . Strathalbyk, May 25.—The Strathalbyn Cricket Ciub terminated its season by a social, which was held on May 21 at the Terminus Hotel.' Host Fallon provided an excellent spread, at which, some 25 members and sup portetsflat down. Councillor J. J. Edmonds, in the unavoidable absence of the mayor, presided, and was supported by the captain (Mr. H. J. C. Adams) andtheton.*eotetaty (Mr. G. T. Wright). Mr. S. Kent 'occupied the vice-chair, and was supported by M?S?n. J. W. EUiott and G. W. Montgomery. After justice had been done to the good things on die tables the toast-list was gone through, and many appropriate and humorous speeches were given, songs, recitations, &o;* interven ing. . The singing of " Affld; Ung -eyae" brought an exceedingly pleasant evening to a close. . - j Angaston, May 25:—Some excitement was! caused bete on Sunday evening by a report! that the premises of Mr. Standing, a draper,! in Murray-street, had been broken into,' and' goods to the amoant of about £3 stolen. . The ] robbery most have taken place between 6.30 p.m- and 8 p.m," whan' Mr. Standing was at church. The thief entered* room at the back of the shop through'tbe window, and after appropriating an overcoat, a pair of trousers, and some other articles of wearing apparel, madehiseiitthroughthebackdoor, leaving the **Mid^*? btirxuja& m> was jsiforimcbof passed,, out^wfaen ne^aniyed fho* Mrd $9d zlowzt, lsa^ng in Jus* trade a-pair of ftoH^ avid One or two other useful artideai These, together with fak footprints, were the means of tracing him around the back of the house and into a right-of-way running down the side of the premises of Messrs. D. jm>?> E. Hayne. He appears to have walked, up and downiiere for some .time, probably waiting far a favorable opportunity to get into the street, for the foot prints ate numerous. He apparently succeeded, tor no further trace of huh has so far been found, although Mo^hted-Cdnstable Dowling is diligently making enquiries. \ Mihlaiok, May 24.^& .farejre? social %as tendered to Mr. Charles Smith and family in the Institute Hall on Wednesday evening Lurt on the eve of their departote for West Aus tralia. Mr. Smith has been a resident of this district for about 22 years, and his genial dis position and the interest he has shown in all matters pertaining to the good of tbe district won for him the esteem p£. a j large circle of . friends. He wasjior many years a prominent member, of the cricket dub, and he was instrumental in ] ?wtah)i?hing the SEnlaton branch of the Agri cultural Bureau. Mr. R. A. ford, who occu pied tbe chair, presented AT^, Smith on h?*l?^lf of the residents with a large-framed photo graph of "Bnnny?iae," ? Mr. Sniitii'slatehoma The picture wjts well executed iy Mr, Button, and framed by Mr/Marlow. Complimentary speeches were made by tile Rev. J. Nairn, Messrs. M. Twartt; H. But. A. Page, B. Hoggins, C. R. Marlow, and T. G. Roberts. Instrumental selections were rendered by Mrs.' Nairn ,and Mise Trehearne ; songs* by Mrs. Nairn, Miss. Ma&ews;, and the Misses Stagbouer, and Messrs.' Pratty and Clark, after which light refreshmsnts were handed round.—A serious accident happened to Robert MoKenzie, the only son of Mr. James SlcKitinzie, on Saturday morning last whilst riding one of his father's working horses. He ?v-s thrown on to a heap of stones and sus tained concussion of the brain. The.patient is progressing favorably under the care of Dr. Palmer. ' Mahhuh, May 26.—A number of g^ntie men assembled yesterday at -the Mannnm Hotel to say good-bye to Mr. John Shearer, of the firm of J. & D. Shearer, of this town, who is leaving en a trip to Europe. Hib abject is to further the interests of the patent ploughshare trade, which during the present season has increased so much that three shifts have been worked at the factory since last January. A very pleasant evening was spent under the presidency of Mr. B-. Baseby, and many complimentary things were said of Mr. Shearer. Wallaboo, May 26.—The committee which was formed to arrange for some form of demonstration in honor of the Queen's Diamond Jubilee intend celebrating tha event on June 26. As Saturday is more convenient for the smelters the tradespeople have decided to keep that day as a holiday. The pro gramme will include a procession, distribution of medals to children, sports on tbe Recrea tion Ground, and an entertainment in tile Town Hall in the evening. The children will receive refreshments on the Recreation Grounds. The inmates of tbe local hospital and eaol and also the poor of the town will not be forgotten. A strong committee has been formed to carry out all arrangements. Mookta, May 27.—The elections caused very little excitement here, only 124 electors out of a total of 293 on the roll thinking it worth while to record their votes. —The annual convention of the Wallaroo District Woman's Christian Temperance Union was held at Moonta on the Queen's birthday, when Miss George (colonial secretary), from Adelaide, wob present. On account of tbe wet weather the attendance throughout the day was not large.—Mr. J. T. Keats, of this town, who has been appointed stipendiary magistrate for tbe Northern district, relinquishes his duties at the Local Court on May 31.—The lad, May, who recently lost his leg as the result of an accident at Moonta mines, and who was re ported to have died, is still alive, but he re mains in a very low condition. Peteesbdbg, " May 26.—The local town council is adopting a liberal public works policy, and in this way-is providing employ ment for a number of men in the-district who would otherwise be unemployed. Main-street is being remetalled from end to end, and on Tuesday evening the council accepted tenders for tbe metalling of 40 chains in Bismarck etreet The council considered a com munication from the Mayor of James town inviting Petersburg to join in a central demonstration at Jamestown, in con nection with tho Queen's, record reign. The members of the council did sot see their way to fall in with the suggestion, aad appeared to favor a local demonstration. Tbe Mayor (Mr. E. Palmer) said it had been yrupusod to com memorate the event at Petersburg by provid ing a central park, which was greatly needed. The principal difficulty in the way was the high price asked for land, but he thought this obstacle might be surmounted. Mr. Palmer said he had already been promised severa donations in the event of the project being proceeded with. It was decided that the mayor should call a public meeting to consider the matter. Crystal Bbooe, May 25.—0n Wednesday last an entertainment was given in the Karridy Bible Christian Church by a party from Crystal Brook. There -was a good attendance, and in tbe absence of Mr. A. McDonald the chair was taken by Mr. J. C. Symons. Songs were rendered by the Misses Hewett, Symons, G. Young, and Mr. G. A. Solomon. Mesas Young and Hewett, and Messrs. Bidgeway and Solomon contributed a chorus, and Master E. Miell and Mr. F. G. Johnson { recited. The chairman and Mr. J. Mercer j gave short addresses. May 27.—1n the | Institute Hall last night an entertainment i was given by the Crystal Dramatic Company (and other amateurs in aid of the family of j Mr. John Roberts, who has been incapacitated from work for some time through & serious accident. The one-act comedy "Written in I Sand" was successfully given, the following being the cast of characters: —Frank Seaton, Mr. T. J. Gardiner; Fairfax SeudeU, Mr. James Forgan; Tom Potts, Mr. E. Gold; ! Kate Shirley, Mibs Gregory; and Sister Wini fred, Miss Forgan. An amusing trifle entitled "Wanted, a Cook," was given by Misses D. It. Forgan, J. Pengelley, and D. B. Wilson. The second part commenced with a burlesque, "Hamletthe Dainty," tbe parts of Hamlet Horatio, Marcellus, the Ghost. and' Osric being taken by Messrs. E. Gold, Gardiner, J7 and D. Il Forean, and D. A. Yandell respectively. After an extraordinary exhibition of mesmerism by the company the entertainment concluded with a ""igget" sketch, "De Ball is Going On/'.which waft productive of mnch merriment. The-charaetera. were taken by Messrs > organ Brothjars, Gold/ Gardiner, Wilson, and FiddamanX There was a large attendance, and the proceeds were highly satisfactory, the expenses being aln^pet nil, through the kindness of Mr. Wfllancock, who did all the necessary printing at; cost price, and the liberality of the institute com mittee, who granted the use of th? ball free, both for rehearsals and entertainment. Mr. E. Gold was stage manager, and Mr. Gardiner worked bard as hon. secretary to make the benefit a success. . MOUNT GAMBIER, May 25.- The Mount Gambier Hunt Club held their first run of the season at Benara yester- day, and the day being a public holi- day there was a large attendance of on- lookers. There was also a fair field of fol- lowers. A fox which had been preserved for the run was let loose, but after a short run Reynard was blocked by a wire-netted fence, and the dogs were quickly upon him. The master, Mr. F. Williams, secured tbe brush. In theevening there was an entertainment on be half of the new plumpton fund, ?and Mr; lime's Dramatic Company appeared In "Mixed," a three-act comedy. The Institute 'Haul wje crowded in every psxt, and-toe *E?ir iwaa'a decided success finanoiallv and otherwise. —It has been resolved to eekebrate the Queen's Jubilee reign by entertaining the .children within the Mount Gambier school board dis trict. A large committee has been appointed to take action, and they have arranged a system of canvassing for funds and goods.— The Mount Gambier Babbit and Meat Pre serving Company's building is rapidly ap proaching completion, and it is 'hoped that everything will be ready for is- star£ wi£bin & month. An offer was received atj.ti* l?Bt meeting of the directors to Hjhl tnebmlainK by electricity, but they did nut feel justified in incurring the necessary expenditure at present. —The armnal- rifle matches took place yester day, when 36 prizes, ranging from 2s. 64 to £1, were fired for. In the aggregate match Corporal Addems was highest with a score of 66, including a handicap of 8 points, Private Ewene coming next with 64, with a handicap of 12 points. In the Range Match Private Balmer scored 35, and was top with 8 points handicap; Private Addems was second with 34 and a 5 points handicap. In the All- Comers Match Private Lewis was first with 36 and a, handicap of 4 points, Privat* ShannonTj^Bebonaw^h 34 and ? 4 point. n&ndiG;&p.; ' * ' " * j Nabrtdt, May 27.—Mrs. Creeden, widow of tbe late Mr. Timothy Creeden, died early yes terday morning at her residence. She was one of our.most, respected and oldest residents. The funeral cortege left her residence-for the -Georgetown Cemetery at 12 o'clock to-day. and was followed to the rrave by friends troin att.aS^ona:'^C6ion2#oJwwa?ls-!?*3iie pav?were Mi. and MtsTD. Creeaen, Mr. i>. Creeaen,Mt jnVH Ma.. AT^ickey, Mr. a?dMra.Hodg?B?,?ndMr. and Mrs. Bams, of Snowtown. ? ? - ' >~ -^ ????.- Port Acghbta, May 27-—Mr.- Wybert Beeves'.. Xiumiere's jCSnematograptae Gompany completed a very euooes?fal wason of four nights this evening, -having had four of the biggest boosei-ever seen in Tort The company . leave .here . to-morrow for Orroroo, Petersburg, and Broken Hill.—The Presbyterian Sunday-school held its annual picnic on Monday at Mr. Donald's paddock, trra?bui&,' and - the Wset-eide AatjK^ Son. day-school also had their annual outing. Eatepayer? was held in tbe mst£tutBdoomroittseK room on Tuesday evening .to Jake into conside ration a local oelebrstion'of tbe Queen's Dia mond' Jubilee. ..Mc.T* WV fityjsh?m^w *M??ir? ai?cus*i6h *it yak derided that TilsdayC t? 22, should be commemorated in the Mount Baiker^li?trict by giving the children ?toeat, and the following committee was appointed to carry out the necessary arraogementa. Dr. Weld (convener), Messrs. W. Atkm son, A. C. Dajpr, H. P. Moore, R. Murray, 3i : -Frisk, - , and L. yon Doussa, Meedamei &Bm;?a,. Mioore, Morier, S. PftltJrijdge, , j?icfaardaott."' Hamsav. and Sanders, ?j§ii3CsV tSo]?i?an.—An enlertaui ment iravPrcaini^e Inatittnie Hall on tbe evento4 t ?Jtit?&ifcoSday.by.; nkmbers of Our BaMp^p^aeiaide, r?Sie proceeds being tom^SM^l-th^boy BlaotMU, who lost his!e?lbi*ifootmg accidentjat the Easter campnagpj*l*a. ? The atterffiaice was not large; doubt to the -wet night, and Sunday ereninV they conducted an evangelistic meeting in the Dunn Memorial Church. The directors of the Mount Barker Hairy Xtroduce Company have fixed toe price paid** milk during the current month at 6£d. per gallon at the factory and 6|d. at the Hartley and Mac clesfield creameries. This high price is being paid in order to benefit the suppliers, who have been suffering from the drought, and the company -is really losiftg toy its action.—At the liooal Court this morning, fjefbes Mr. H. C. Swan, S.M., Joseph S. Watts, of Dawesley, was proceeded against by Arthur CPNaill, rabbit inspector tor die district council of Nairne, with failing to destroy rabbits on his property. Mr. L. Yon Doussa appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. E. J. Tucker represented the defendant. Several witnesses were examined and the case resulted in tbe defen dant being fined £2 (reduced to 10s.) and costs. George EL Theobald was summoned to show why fie bad neglected to prub furze on a dis trict road adjoining his property in the district of Nairne, and, his explanation not satisfying the bench, he was fined £2 (reduced to 10s.) and costs. Stbatsalbtk, May 28.—Two old and re spected residents of Strathalbyn'have passed away during the last few days. On Friday Mrs. T. Bardctt, who was one of the oldest colonists, having arrived in tbe fioyal George in tbe early forties, died suddenly. Mr. and Mrs. Uartlett have resided bete tor a. quarter of a century, and the deoeased was greatly esteemed. She always took an active and earnest interest in Christ Church. The funeral took place at tbe Strathalbyn Cemetery, the Bey. A. Wheeler officiating at the grave. The other death is that of Mrs. Jonanna Keating, who joined the great majority.oil. Tuesday. The late Mrs. Keating was a very £ld settler, and was much respected. Her, remains were interred in the Roman Catholic Cemetery.— The bazaar held on Wednesday and Thursday of last week in connection with the Presby terian Church resulted in a profit of £103 -which will go towards paying off tbe debt in, curred in the recent alterations at the church. Pyaf, June L—On Sunday, May 30, anni versary services in connection with the Pyap Sunday-school were conducted by the Bey. W. J. Bussell, services being held in tie morn ing, afternoon, andevening. Thechildren,under the directorship of Mr. J. Holt, rendered a number of bymns in a manner that reflected credit on themselves as well as their conductor. —The river is still falling, and it is now 14£ in. below summer level, with no present prospect of a rise. The rain seems all to have cleared away again, and the weather is now warm and bright. The rainfall.for the month of May was 490 points, as against 882 points for the same month last year. Seeding operations are being rapidly brought to a conclusion. In consequence of the lowness of tbe river all stores have to be carted overland from Morgan, a distance of about 80 milee. Ltbcp, May SL —We were favored with a few nice showers last week, the total fall-regis tered being -390. The weather is now clear and calm. Owing to the lownes? of tbe river the steamers carrying stores for this settle ment hav? grounded, and we are obliged to send teams to Overland Corner and Morgan to bring the necessaries of life. Pout Augusta, May 27.—The general secre tary (Mr. G. Uadlow) of the Workers' Poli tical and Democratic Union, delivered an ad dress on "Political progress" at the Nectar Brook reservoir on May 24. The lecturer having pointed out that the workecs had no political privileges 200 years, shortly reviewed political history from that date. . From Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son we have received. a copy of tie ~'"?^"' of the Uni versity of Sydney for tf!97 containing a quantity of valuable information of general interest. 