COMPLEXE STORY. [PUBLISHED BT SPECIAL AEEAXGOirXT.] Stephen Wynthorpe's Presentiment, By "RITA," Author of "A Vagabond Lover," "Miss Kate,'* " A Gender in Satin," "Peg j the Rake," "A Woman in It," "Master Wilberforce," &c.;, &c.;, &c.; [COPYRIGHT.] ** IT sonch of a place, but `twill serve," said the Englishman. "Any port in a storm," said O'Malley. ** Beside?, ono can't always judge by externals," said the Coniishman. The three friends and fellow travellers drew near a recently lit fire, and listened to I the lashing of waves and howling of winds without. They were sheltering in a little inr Cornish fishing village, an inn of historical interest and little else, for it was dark, low roofed, bare of carpets or chairs, and possessed no sleeping accommodation worth speaking of. Still the three men, who were doing a walking tonr in Cornwall, had been thankful to find it. The autumn day had closed in with storm and ram, and they were away from the beaten track of any village or town. The Cornishman had suddenly remembered this little fishing hamlet—it had once been a famous smuggling resort—and guided them thither. Just as they reached the sheltering portals of the Trege&gle; Arms the storm broke in all its fury. Bat the storms of centuries had been unable to work any harm against the 6olid stone walls or the great square porch of the qnaint old ion, and this special one had no belter success than its predecessors. As the fire began to blaze and the great awe, and the men drew a wooden bench np before it and lit their pipes, and waited with such patience as iboy could command for the arrival of the meal they bad ordered. The O'Malley, whose spirits were inex haustible, and apparently independent of external influences, cracked joke? and told stories. The two others listened, well content to bs amused without trouble on their part. They were an odd trio, but had been college friends, and had never lost sight of each other since. Gerald O'Malley and John Trevenna were artists. Stephen Wynthorpe was that lucky or unlucky personage—a young man of independent means. Bat he, too, had artistic tastes, and dabbled in water-colours, and sketched in an easy and original fashion (hat amused his friends, and as Jerry O'Malley put it, "kept hira out of Satan's mischief " while he was making up his mind what to do with himself. His latest idea on that point had been to go to America, spend a winter in Canada, visit Salt Lake City, and return by San Fran cisco and Japan. He would give himself a year to do it all, he said, aud then settle down i landed proprietor on his estate in Wilt shire. He wanted the O'Malley to go with him, but that lively Hibernian was at once too proud to accept favours, and too* poor to be independent of them. So he had refused firmly, and was now entertaining the project of setting np a joint studio with his friend Trevenna in a little nook uf Cornwall, and there working hard for the fame and fortune that were to both as yet only a fata morgana, whose streaming lock-wared tantaliringly < the wings of possibility. 11 Them's a fine bit of sea out yonder," remarked Trevenna, glancingont through the small dhty window to where foam and spray were madly dashing against the vails of iron bound rocks. "Surely as fine as anything we'll ree at Cape Cornwall or the Land's End." \- The others, followed his glance, and. then Stephen Wyntborpe rose and walked orer and loosed out. A more wild and desolate spot it would lisvc been difficult to discover. Everywhere towered the great clifis—destitute of tree or herbage—the home of screaming gulls who were now wheeling and shrieking abave tk dashing spray. Huge waves rolled and brok in thunder at their bare. The sunlight like a bar of rod flame gleamed for one angry moment upon the turmoil of mist and wind and water. Then the dark clouds manned themselves stonaily once more, and all of day light was hurled into the fierce arms of night. There wns somethibg awful and awe-in spiring about the.scene, and young "Wynthorpe shuddered as he turned away and went back once more to the fire and the smokers. 41 "What an awful place to live id," he said, end then began to make a tour of inspection of the room, examining the oak, the earring, the quaint old settle black with age and glistening with tho polish of generations of backs and elbows. An old cabinet stood in occ comer. It had glass doors, and on the shelves were arranged queer china ornaments, and cups and saucers, and the hideous china dogs that one sees so often ou the mantel shelves and cupboards of Cornish cottages. Stephen Wynthorpo examined them, and made disparaging remarks on their beauty and use, and then turned his attention, to one or two oil paintings hanging on tho walls. They were so grimed with dust and dirt that it was almost imjiosaible to discover their subjects. Before one of them he paused so long? and seemed so critical that O'Malley noticed it at last. ! What work of art have you discovered now, Steve?" he called out iu his rich Irish voice. "You look quite an Academy critic trying: to make up his mind whether the subject or treatment is to be slated/' Still the Englishman said nothing. Ho drew a few steps away, his eyes still on the picture. A sort of fascination seemed to hold his gaze. " O'Malley," he said, suddenly, "have you ever had a presentiment ?" "Faith, no, hoy; not myself. They run in the family a bit, I believe, but they've not troubled me so far, save in the matter of spending a shilling and hoping it will bring in half a crown. I know u good deal about tbem, though," he added thoughtfully. 4 Have I ever told you about Biddy Cou " No," said Trcver.ua, bending forward to stir the fire into a fiercer blaze. " Let's bear it. Who was the lady ?" " She livfcd near my own home," said O'Mulley. "She was as fine a woman as [ you'd whh to see " "I've heard you say that of some score or; two of the females in * them parts,1" said Trcvenna dryly. "There must be quite a galaxy of beauty in your village. 1 live in hopes of——" " Ab, now, shut up with your chaff,'* said O'Malley. " How can I be telling you the story if you won't listen to it?" "Goon," said Trevcnna. "There must be one of those same lovely females in that old picture frame, I should say, judghigfrom Steve's moonstruck condition!" "Well, to continue," said O'Malley, stretching out his legs and taking a long whiff at his briarwood. "This same Biddy Connor had two lovely daughters " "Also," suggested Trevcnna. " Am I telling this story, sir, or arc you?" demanded the O'Malley with dignity. "Another interruption, and I'll " , "All right, Fm mum," said Trerenna, laughing. "Two daughters," continued O'Malley. "And they were as—ahem—they were good, sensible girls, I mean, and very fond of their mother and father." "Were there any uncles and brothers about?" murmured the incorrigible Cornish man. "And one day they came to our house in great distress, and said that Biddy was that bad with rheumatism that " "Excuse me; but where does the presenti ment come in?" " Ah, you unbelieving haythen! Will you just keep your tongue still for five raiuutea. WeIJ, die was quite crippled and couMn't inovc her bands or leg?. So the housekeeper gave them some liniment and things and-they went away. And on tbeir way back tbey met a kcowledgable woman who was mighty clever at doctoring and that sort of thing, and tliej-showed her the liniment and said where they'd got it. * Ah,'says she, 'girls, don't be trying such stuff on the poor son!. There's only one cure for that sort of rheu matics.' she says. »'Tis I knows it, and I've curc-d many, including myself.' • And what may that bej Mrs. Mulligan?' asked the girls. 'It's salfpaire,' she say*. * l'ou get some and mix it vrid everything she drinks, and she'll be well in tllree weeks at the most.' ' Are ye sure?' they rays. 'I've a presinti ment,* she says. Ar.d they went home and told their mother, and they got the saltpetre and began to give it to her that very nk~ But you bee they had never asked what quantities to give it in, and they began with basinfuls of it; and the poor soul drank it and drank it, and she began to swell, and every day she got bigger, and they thought 'twas tlie good effects of the stuff, and gave her more and more, and her husband couldn't make out the meaning of it, and thought he'd try suppression, and took the door off the binges and laid it on her, and they all seated themselves on it by way of easing her a bit, and as tbey were thus em ployed in comes Mrs. Mulligan. ' God save us all here,* she says, 'I just stepped iu to say that I had a presentiment'—and faith ! what more she had I don't know, for at that moment poor Biddy gave one sigh, and the whole family found themselves dispersed about the potato plot." Trevenna took the pipe oat of his mouth and looked at liim ia wholesome horror. " O'Malley," he began sternly. "She burst," said the Irishman simply. " You asked if I had ever had a presentiment, you know. They gave a bcautifnl funeral to —the pieces." Trevenna rose in speechless disgust, and v.-alked up to Wynthorpe. •'What on earth are you gazing at that picture for r" he exclaimed. The young man turned and looked at him in a half-dazed way. " I don't know," he said. "Do you see anything remarkable about the eve*, John V" ♦• Devilish bad ones," answered Trevenna. ••Don't they follow yon—turn after you ? Come here. Now look." ••No, I can't say they follow we." ••What's it all about?" asked O'MoKey, coining forward with curiosity. "Wynthorpe says those eyes follow him wherever he goes." '•Steve, my boy," said the Irishman affec tionately. •• I besought you to rpare the Scotch last night. You see what it is to despise a friendly warning." •'Trevenna, O'Malley, don't chaff; there's good fellows. Listen a moment. You know I'm not a superstitious fellow. You've never heard me eay I believed in ghosts and spirits: and things." ! •• Savefor a trifle of old Scotch," said the ; O'Malley, laughing. "Ah, stop fooling for once!" exclaimed Stephen, impatiently. " Well, Itellyouboth that the strangest feeling came over mc when I saw that picture. Hind you, it's perfectly unknown to xne. I know nothing of its original or its painter. I never set eyes on it till a few moments ago. and yet I feel, I know, that its eyes will have somo strange effect upon my life—will look upon me as X die:" In tho aps and downs, the vicissitudes and troubles, the btorina and culms of life the friends drifted apart, und tho walking tour, tho old inn, and the strange picture became tilings of the past, put aside on memory's dusty shelves. The Cornishman became a famous artist, the lively and tender-hearted O'ifulley returned to his own country and his farin acres, und married a wife, and gave up art as a bad job; and Stephen "NVynthorpe never returned from that tour. At first hi.s letters were frequent, then they grew fow and far between, and in their brief pages gleamed the story of an unhappy and illfated passion. For*the take of it he sacrificed home, fortune, friends. Ho became a gambler and a drunkard. He was heard of as being seen in strange unholy places, and with strange and ominous companions. His property in Englund was sold, and the, snonev sent out to him in New York, and ! gradually, as he wrote no more to any of his friends at home, they gave him upas cue of those against whom some passing memory can onlv write r»V manque. It happened, however, that some ten year aiter the incident of thn inn, business took John Treveuna out to New York. He had been a week in that most celebrated and most virtuous of cities, when one night he found himself in an unknown and obscure quarter. He had missed his way, and after some hesi tation he went up to n shambling, ill-dressed figure, aud asked to bo directed to his desti nation. The man lifted his haggard face, and glanced up at the big Cornishman. Something in it seemed familiar—and yet so awful wore the ravages of dissipation aud misery that Trevenna could not quite place its identity in his mind. Hut on the other hand he was not so changed that it needed an equal effort on the part of the poverty-stricken wretch to recall him. "Trevenna!" he gasped, and his tremb ling hand and drink-sodden eyes said all the re?t. The Cornishman gazed in horror at that wreck cf youth and health and manhood. 41 ily Cod! "Wynthorpe, can it be you ? '* he crad. The poor wretch reeled and stumbled agamst him. He seemed in the last stage of drink and exhaustion. "Trevenna," he sighed, and sank balf tmconscioas into the outstretched arms. The Cornishman looked out for assistance. Near where they stood was a low-class public house. Hen and women were drinking at the bar. He half-led, half-carried Wyn thorpe in, explaining that he was ill, and asking for some room to which he could take him. The proprietor of the place came forward. He was an ill-tempered, ruffianly looking man, and seemed distinctly averse to offering any assistance. Trevenna, however, tossed him a couple of dollars in advance,'aud he showed them to a dingy, wretched sort of parlour furnished with* a rickctty couch and chair to match. On this couch Trevenna laid his friend, and then asked if someone could go for medical assistance. The host gave it as his opinion that the mar. was just done for, and that no amount of "fixing" medical or otherwise, would be of much benefit. Still be left the room promising to send for the nearest doctor. In a few moments Wynthorpe opened his eyes and gazed wonderingly at the sym pathetic face bent over him. He uttered a few faint, disjointed syllables; he seemed to be back in England once more with his two chump, His glance wandered round the room as if in search of someone. Suddenly to Trevenna'a unspeakable horror, he sprang from the cushions and sat up, his face work ing convulsively, oue grim, skeleton-like hand pointing to the wall opposite. " The eyes!" he gasped, " the ores again ! They will see me die, them.'* And he sank back. Ins face livid, the damp of death upon his clammy brow. One long convulsive shudder shook his limbs, then he lay quite still. Trevenna straightened the poor, wasted limbs. He saw all was over. As he turned to summon the landlord, his eyes glanced in voluntarily at that portion of the wall where Wynthorpe had been looking. To his amaze ment, ho saw hanging there the very same picture that had so interested them in the old Cornish inn. He remembered Stephen Wj11 thorpe's presentiment and his words: " Those eyes will sec me die." They had seen him —hut how had the picture come here to a wretched public- house in a common quarter of the American capital? His curiosity for a moment overpowered his sorrow at his friend's miserable fate. When the ill-favoured landlord enteredhe asked him eagerly how he came by that picture. "It was my father's," was the answer. "Ho used to keep an old inn in the west of England, and things went all wrong with hira and he gave ifc up, and we came here to trr our luck. From the look of you," ho adde^, "Ishould say you were from those parts, "Yes, I am a Connshman," said Trevenna, simply. "And," ho added, "I have seen that picture before, and in your father's own inn parlour, if I mistake not. Bid ho not keep tho Tregeagle Arms near the Land's End ?" " That's so," said the man; "and when we came out here be would bring that picture with him. Said it was for luck—guess it was the other way ronnd. Tarnation bad luck I've had ever since I came hero." Trevenna said no more. Ho looked at tho rigid face, the secret of whose wasted life he could only guess. The tragedies of life, like its ironies, are sometimes only remarkable for their insignifi cant causes. 