THE STAGE. The following is the cast of characters for the production of “ Hamlet ” in the Academy of Music on Thursday and Friday, 2nd and 3rd December, in aid of the Nhill disaster fund:—Claudius, Mr P. 0. Murray; Hamlet, Mr W. L. Paine; Ghost of Hamlet’s Father, Mr John Robson; Polonius, Mr W. N. Whidhurn; Laertes, Mr J. Magrath; Horatio, Mr M. White; Rosencrantz, Mr H. S-ddel; Guildenstern, Mr F. Jordan; Otrio, Mr W. Mitchell; Marcellus, Mr Herman; Lennardo, Mr Harris; Francisco, Mr Joy; First Player, Mr A. Flnhm; Second Player, Mr Williams; First Gravedigger, Mr T. Little; Second Gravedigg»r, Mr Burns; Gertrude, Miss Whidburn; Ophelia, Mrs W. L. Paine; Player Queon, Miss A. Major. Miss Amy Sherwin, the Australian Nightingalo, and the members of her com pany have met with enthusiastic 'reoeptions at tho Academy of Musia the last two nights. Those who have not heard Miss Sherwin will have an opportunity of doing so this evening. Prof. D. M, Bristol’s excellent circus will perform for a short season in Ballarat, com mencing next Monday evening at the Militia reserve. Messrs Williamson and Musgrove have made extensive arrangements for the amuse menb of their Australian patrons during the coming season. This enterprising firm has finally decided to open in Melbourne at Christmas with Mr Wilson Barrett. It is tha intention of Messrs Williamson and Musgrove, to present oight different plays during their Melbourne season, with Miss Maud Jeffries as leading lady. Mr Barrett brings all the wardrobe for the various productions anil the entire scenery for 4 Ciaudi-in,’ with which his Australian tour will be inaugurated. Iu addition to ‘ Claudian,’ Mr Barrett will be seen in ‘The Manxman,’ ‘ The Silvor King,' ' Tho Sign of the Crons,’ ‘ Hamlet,’ and other famous works with which his name has been so long associated, though to Australian theatre-gosrs Mr Barrett’s name will by this time be more familiarly remembered as the author of 4 The Sign of the Cross.’ Ho was the original Sdvor King, and by moans of this play gained recognition anil fame for its then unknown author, Mr Henry Arthur Jones, the now well- known drama tist. He is as popular in Amerioa as in England. Not content with tho success achieved by 4 The Sign of tho Cross’ as a piny, ho wrote a novol on the same subject, which has enjoyed a wide Bale. Next on the list of attractions, and this will be especailly interesting to lovers of music, comes that of the celebrated soprano, Madame Albani, who, leavos Naples on 7»h January, under engagement to Messrs Wil liamson and Musgrove, for a season of 16 concerts in Australia. Mr Musgrove is send ing out a complete concert company to sup port her. Next to Patti herself no name is more familiar to musio lovers all the world over than that of the Canadian prima donna, Albani. She is an operatio artist, and as such haß been espe cially identified with Wagner’s operas. At tho same time, Madame Albani has ever maintained her position as a concert singer, and for many years past has been a pro minent figure at all the great English music festivals. Her Majesty the Queen has ever been a warm friend and staunoh admirer of Madame Albani, who only recently received still further tokens of Royal favor in the shape of two autograph portraits, the one being the last taken, and the other taken at the accession of the Queen. At present it is tho intention nf Mr Williamson to pitas .Vladama Albani at tho town halls in the various capitals instead of in their theatre-, so that tbs tour will bo undertaken quite independently of their various attractions. The first concert will take place at the Town Hall, Melbourne, early in February next. The pantomime, 4 The Babsß in the Wood,’ whioh was to bs produced at the Princess Theatre at Christinas will now, through the engagement of Mr Barrett in Molbottrno, bo produced in Sydney. At Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, 4 The Two Little Vagabonds’ completed ou Fri day evpningan excellent four weeks’ season. In Brisbane the popular 4 Sign of the Cross ’ Company concluded a reoord seison nf nine nights Inst week, and ro-opon“d in Sydney no Saturday night with 4 A Royal Divorce.' The Paulton- Stinley Company are at pra sant iu Now Zialaod, an 1 report vory good business. They open at Hobart for Christ mas. The famons.extravaganza 4 Djin Djin' will be played at Wellington at Christmas, and subsequently in Auckland, Christchurch, and Dunedin. In all probability Mr Wilson Barrett will commence his Melbourne engagement on ISth December. Miss Florence Eaduile is reported to have made a quite remarkable suooess at the Syn dicate Music Halls where she is singing in London. According to letters received from Mr Soot loglis, he is very well satisfied with his beginning in Amorica. Whilst he is playing Tho Dnka of Ormonde in 44 A Lady of Quality” avith the Julia' Arthur Com pany, Mrs Soot Inglis (Miss Yda Hamilton) is playing lead with Jacob Letts in “The Last Stroke." Miss Elsie Lander will shortly open in Brisbane. A private letter reoelved by last mail brings news of the satisfactory progress in musia of two young Australian students— Mr Mitchell, a brother of 4 Melba,’ and Mr Nevill Smith, a native of Melbourne. Mr Mitchell is studying the piano at the Hoch Sohule, Berlin, under Herr Kahn, and Mr Nevill Smith ii making good progress io bii violin shidiei under Uerr Markus at the same celebrated Bcbool. 