THE last STROKE. A DETECTIVE STORY. I Bf^ErAWRfiNCE I-. LYNCH -E. Murdoen Van Detenter), author of, -?&\-- Proof,' 'MoinS,' etc J ' ' f ' ? CHAPTER XIL— (Continued.) I ''Oh!' she cried* letting go her splendid self I restraint for the moment. 'You don't know I what you are doing for me! To be active, to I do something, instead of sitting still and eat I ing my heart out in suspense. It will save I me from madness perhaps. ;What could a. I true relative do for me more tfian you are do I ing and will do. You are my cousin!' And I ehe put out her two hands to Jiini with a new I look of energy and iresolve in her face. As I he took the two slim hands in both his own I and looked in her eyes, suddenly so aroused I and purposeful, he saw for the first time the I full strength arid force of will and nature I behind that :fair face and gentle bearing, the I high spirit and courage animating the slender I frame. I 'Thank you,' he said, simply, as he re I leased her hands. 'I feel that I can indeed I rely upon you at need. You have the strength; I can you have the patience as well? At pre I sent I can tell you very littl ?. You will have I to take much upon trust.' I 'I have anticipated that.' I 'For example, it is my inflexible rule never I I to reveal the name of a suspected person until I I have at least partial proof of guilt, enough I I to warrant an arrest. But you have^ right j I to 6uch confidence as t can give, and so, if I you have a question to ask, arid I think you I have, let me answer it if I pan.' I 'Oh. I thank you^' She came a step nearer. I 'I ask myself one question, over and over: that there was no guilty secret in my poor boy's life and death, I know. Where, then, can be the motive?' , 'The motive, ah! When we know that, we ehall be at the beginning of the end of the matter. Sit down, Miss Grant, and I will put the case before you as I now see it' She sank into -the nearest seat without a' word. . j 'As to the manner of the niurder,' he went j on, 'this Is my iconcliision'. Some -one, an enemy who hated or feared him, lias inform^ i ed himself of Mr. Charles Brierly's habits, and made himself familiar with the woods along the lake shore. Your friend, I learn, has practised target-shooting for some time. Have you ever thought that he might have bad a reason for ao doing?' 'Good heavens! No!' 'Well, that is only a suggestion. But this much is certain, the deed was premeditated, and carefully planned. I have satisfied my self that the assassin, approaching from the south, made almost the circuit of that long mound, after making sure that no one1 was near, in order to reach the point, scarcely twelve feet from the place where the body was found, from which to fire the fatal shot.' 'My God!' 'Ir was a bold venture, but not so dan gerous as might at first appear. I find that from a point half way to the top of the mound one might be quite concealed from any one down by the lake shore while taking a long look up and down the road. And, in case of approach, there is at the south end of the mound a clump of bushes and young trees, where one could easily remain concealed while awaiting the victim or the passing of an in terloper. . From the town to a point not far south of the knoll or mound, as your people call it, the ground between the road and lake has been partially cleared of undergrowth for the comfort of picnickers arid fishing parties, I am told.' 'Yes.' She sighed, -wonderingly. 'But beyond that, a person wishing to be unseen fr.om the lake or road could easily hide among the brush and trees. I believe all this was carefully studied .and ^carried out, and that, five minutes after the 'shots were fired, the slayer was on his way southward to some point where a confederate waited,' with some means of conveying themselves to a safe dis tance.' 'Ah!' she whispered 'The boat?' 'Yes, the boat. It was a part of the plot, and rowed to that point by the confederate, I believe, for the purpose of misleading justice. Doran, who is an able helper, learned this morning that a farm hand,,, who was driving his stock across the road to drink at the lake, I saw a man in a boat rowing up towards Glen I ville at half- past seven that morning.' I 'Oh! And can you follow them? Is the I trail strong enough?' I 'I think so. And there are other clues. . I There is much to be done here in Glenville first of all. At the inquest the testimony | was purposely left vague and uncertain at some points.' And why?' 'Because, somewhere, not far away, there is a person who is watching developments, and who may leave some track unsevered if he can be made to think we are off the scent. I mean to know my Glenville very well be fore I leave it, and some cf its people, too. And here you can help me as soon as you are I strong enough.' [ 'I am strong enough now. What more can | I do?' I 'You remember the foolish boy and his I fright when questioned?' I 'O£ course.' 'Well, 3* his teacher, can you not win his confidence until his fear is overcome? That boy has not told all he knows.'? 'He is very dull, I fear. He eaid he saw a ghost.' 'Well, we must know the nature of that ghost and why it has -closed his -lips so effec tually. Seriously, I hope much from that lad.' 'Then be sure I will do my best.' 'You see, I am taking you at your word. And there's one more thing. I have been told that strangers go of tenest to the Glenville when in town. Now it behoves me to know the latest comers, and the newcomers there, and chance having given me opportunity to break the ice by being polite to Mrs. Jamie eon, I have improved the moments. I don't mean that I am studying the lady for any. sinister purpose, but one can sse that she is quite a social leader in the house, and through her I have already come to know several of the other inmates. Mrs. Jamieson very much desires to know you, and. if you will allow her to call, as under the circumstances she desires to do. and if you will return that call —in short, put yourself upon the footing of an acquaintance — it- will really help me greatly.' For a long moment Hilda did not speak, then 'I will do as you wish, of coursei' she said, but the note of eager readiness had gone out ' jof Jier voice.. 'But I cannot even think of. that woman without living over again our first meeting and the awful blow her news dealt me; Will : I ever outlive the' hurt of it?' 'It hurt her, too; I am sure of that. She is a'keenlysensitive woman. She went from your «ehoplrooni really ill, so^her friend has told me.' ** ~ ' 'I can well believe tiiah __She looked m when she -5an£e to m«» And who can won^ der?'* her tone softening.' 'SH§r3aTBies6n Is certainly 1dnd,lcand why should we not be friends? She Is a lady, refined and charming. Don't think me unreasonable,1- Mt. Ferrars. I shall be pleased to receive her. of .course '' 'Thank you. And remember, that for the present Francis Ferrars becomes Ferries, Fer riss-Grant YouHl not f ofget your part!' VI will not forget,' ehe answered. And wiien he was gone she smiled a sad little wo manly smile. 'After all, a detective is but a man and that petite, soft-spoken, dainty blonde woman is just the sort ±6 fascinate a big-hearted, strong manlike ifraneis^FeiigiB.' CHAPTER ^SIIL **Has Dotaji been here, doctor?' 'These were the detective's first words when lie entered the sanctum upon his*etnra from the Marcy cottage, and befttfe Ml host could fid 'more than shake his head,1 TTei?ra«3 drop« ped Into a seat beside him ana' went on' in a lower tone. ' ? . i ? 'This fact is, doctor, I've got niyself interest ed in a thing which, after allj may lead rue astray. Do you' take the 'Lake County Herald?'' 'Upoji my /word!' ejaculated, tie doctor. 'I do; yeg. Want to peruse the |5he0t?7 'I don't suppose you file them?'- went on Ferrars. 'File the 'Herald' ! No, I fire them, or Jude does.' 'I wish you had not. The fact is I want very much -to get hold of a copy dated No vember last, the 27th. Do you recall the bit of paper I took from Charles Brierly's desk top to demonstrate that -something had been hastily pulled from, the letter-file by that clever boy of whom Mrs; Fry could tell so little?' 'Yes; surely.' The doctor now began to look seriously interested. 'Well, the stolen paper was a newspaper clipping, cut from the 'Herald' of November 27th last.' 'Upon my word! But there, I won't ask questions.' 'You need not Did you not observe me looking over the papers in the rack?' 'Yes.' 'Possibly you saw me with a paper in my hand soon after?' The doctor stared and shook his head. 'I've no eye for sleight-of-hand,' he grumbled. I 'Decidedly not, for I folded up that paper | and thrust it in a breast pocket before your I very eyes. I kept that tiny bit, too, which I | picked up oh my forefinger. It fitted into a r column from which a piece had been cut, and that's how I-know that the -stolen article came from that paper. Very simple, after all, you see!' 'For you, yes.' 'The fact that the clipping was thought worth stealing, makes me fancy it worth a perusal, I tried for it here in town in a quiet way, but failed. . Then I appealed to Doran, and he has written to Lake, to the editor, whom he happens to know.'. ??'???'? 'It would bp hard to find hereabouts a man of any importance whatever whom Sam | Doran does not know. He grew up in Lake i County, and has . held naif the offices -in-Jiie I cnnntr's fifi' .'? 'There may be a clue for us in that clip ping. I discovered another thing in that ! room. The dead man wrote, or began, a let ter to his brother. I learned this from a scrap, j dated and addressed, which I found in the waste basket, and I am led to believe the letter was re-written, or rather begun anew; and sent, from the fact that a fresh blotter i showed a fragment of Brierly's name, and the city address. That letter, if mailed, must have passed him as he came down. Did he i mention getting it?'; j Doctor Barnes shook his head. i 'He said nothing about such a letter,' he ! replied. 'Does he know about this— this newspaper business?' 'Not a. word. No one knows it but your self. If it should prove to be a clue in my hands, it may be better, it will be better, I am sure, to keep it at present between us two. I think, however, that .1 may decide to show Miss — my cousin — that anonymous letter, and tell her something about that mysterious boy and his visit to her lover's rooms.' And then Ferrars turned from this subject to explain to the doctor his present plans. How he had determined to continue his masquerade, and to remain for a time in Glenville; and, though Mrs. .Tamieson's name 'was not uttered, the doctor found himself wondering, as had Hilda Grant, if the detective had not found the place attractive for persona] as well as business reasons; and if a detective's heart must needs be of adamant after all. Next morning Samuel Doran, who knew the detective only as 'HUda Grant's cousin and a right good fellow,' drove ostentatiously to the door .to take 'Mr. Grant' for a drive. 'I've had a line from Joe Howlett,' he ber gan the moment they were upon the road. 'He was just setting out for a run out of town, but he says he told the boys to look up that paper and send it along. So, I guess we'll see it sood, if it's in existence.' And Doran chirruped to his team arid promptly changed the subject. He did not know why this man beside 'him so much wished to ob tain a six-months-old copy of a country news paper, and he did not trouble himself to ^worry or wonder. 'It was none of his business,' he would have said if questioned, and Samuel Doran attended to his own business exclusive ly and was by ao much the more a reliable helper when, his aid being asked, the business of his neighbor became his own. Ferrars was learning to know this man. and ke knew that the time might soon come when Doran would be his closest confidant and strongest assistant in Glenville. 'We look for Brierly in a day or two,' the detective said, casually, as they bowled along. 'He will bring a professional gentleman with him,' and he turned his head and the eyes of the two met. Ferrars had found that Doran could extract much meaning from a few words at need. 'Something in +he detective line, for' in stance? 'S that it?' 'That explanation will do for Glenville, Do ran.' 'Cert. Glenville ought to know it, too. We've been thinking 'twas about time one of 'em appeared,' and Doran grinned. Ferrars smiled, well satisfied. He knew that the dignified family lawyer and friend, who was coming to Glenville with Robert Brierly by his own desire,, wouia be promptly accepted as the tardy and eagerly looked for 'sleuth' who would 'solve the mystery' at once and with the utmost ease.i And that is what happened. The two men arrived a day earlier than they had been rexpected, and the moment Robert Brierly found himself alone with Ferrars he drew from his pocket a letter, saying, as he unfolded it with gentle, careful touch: 'This letter. Mr. Ferrara is the last. written me by my brother. It was in the city, pass ing me on the. way, before I had arrived here, and I found it, among others, at the office. I have-not spoken of it even to the doctor.^ Read it, please.'. * Ferrars took the letter and read: 'My dear Rob., — Since .^writing you, I- have found in' an old newspaper, quite by accident, something which has almost -set my head to spinning. I know what you will say to that, old boy. It brings up something out of the past; something of' whieh I may have to tell you and which should have been told you be fore. It's the only thing, concerning myself that is, which you do not know as well as I, and if I have not confided . this to you, it was because I almost feared to. But then, why try to explain and excuse on paper, when we are to meet, please God, so soon. Brother mine, what if that flood tide which comes, they eay, to each, once in life, was on its. way to you and 'to me? Well, it shall not separate us, Rob; not by my wilL But stop. I shall grow posi tively oracular if I keep on -no one ever could understand an oracle, you knpw)j arid so, till we i meet, adieu. v - 'Brother Charlie.' # When Fewats had read this strange missive once, he sat for a moment &s; If thinking, and, then deliberately re-read it slowly, and wifli here and there a pause; when atiast he band ed it back to Brierly, he -asked,: 'Do you understand that letter?' 'No Libre than I do ihe liddle- of the sphinx, Ferrars.' He leaned forward eagerly as he put h question, and his eyes were apprehensive, though his voice was firm. 'Do you connect that letter in any. way with my brother's death?' For a moment the detective was silent, thinking 'of the newspaper and the missing cupping. Then he replied slowly as if con sidering between the words. 'Of course it's possible, Mr. Brierly, but as yet I cannot give an opinion. If you will trust that letter to me tor a few days, how eves, perhaps I may see more clearly. It's a surprise, -I'll admit. I had fully decided in my own mind that howsoever -much the mur derer may have premeditated and planned, his victim was fully unaware of an en — of his danger^' - \- '¥6u Were about to say, of an enemy!' ' 'Yes. It is what I have been saying before seeing: that letter.' He put out his hand, and as Brierly placed the letter in It, he add ed, 'Let us not discuss this further. Does your friend, Mr. Myers, know of it?' 'Not 'a -ward'.' 'Then for the present let it rest between us.' ?'? ' . Two -days after this interview Doran drop ped in at the doctor's office, and before he left had managed to put a newspaper, folded small, into the hands of thj? detective, quite unperceived by the other occupants of the room. For while since Brierly's return, ac companied by his, friend, these two had occu pied together the rooms at Mrs. Fry's, the doctor's cottage was still .headquarters for them all, while Ferrars now had solitary pos session of the guest chamber, formerly assign ed to Brierly. . Mr. Myers was a shrewd lawyer, as well as a faithful family friend. He had felt from the first that there was mystery as well as crime behind 'the death of Charles Briefly, who had been near and dear to him. as dear as an own son, for the two families had been almost as one ever since John Myers and the elder Brierly, who had been school friends and fellow students, finally entered together the career of matrimony. There had been no children in the Myers's homestead, and the two lads soon learned to look upon the Myers's house as their second home, arid 'Uncle' John Myers' had Tanked,' in their regard, only second to their well'be loved father. So that when the young men were le^t alone, hi a broken and desolate home, that other door opened yet wider, and claimed them by right of affection. Mr. Myers had been taken to the scene of the murder, had visited Hilda Grant, and by his own desire had examined the books, pa pers, and manuscripts in Charles Brierly's rooms, and on the day of Doran's call, a longer drive than he had yet taken had been arranged. He was going, accompanied by Brierlv. and driven bv Doran. to look at the skiff, still unclaimed and waiting upon the lake shore below the town. Ferrars, much to Doran's regret, had de clined to accompany them from the first, and when he found himself in possession of the coveted newspaper, he joined the others in their desire that Doctor Barnes should take the fourth seat in the light surrey behind Do ran's pet span; and the day being fine, and business by no means pressing, that gentleman consented. (To be continued.) 