ADVERSITY'S STRANGE •V • BEDFELLOWS; / ' V . OR, A RUINED HOME. ^ S S ? P BORLASE.] » Mystery," r K-Mtiide^»t Mid-day,» " Who Killed jJh„ ;Cameron?? -'Darker than Death," "An P^.Sff"* "Recalled to Life," "Riches .. ip Rmii, Both Princess and Police Spy." CHAPTER XVL • BSOOH AT THK BANK, AND GEORGE IN THE G*'•-•• - ' " STltKET. ^^ Bertie Belmont conducted 1 8 f ™ 'nmptuous rooms in Mavfair that iie fc^ taken for her, Enoch Meek tried to •console lumself for blue-eyed NeUie's loss by •winguy np from below a couple of bottles of . And as he was drinking and smoking, he '^T 8^' himself by looking at several curious Uttle dies that he had fished out of a rat hole ill the floor. P™ him a great for more than onos he : murmurea to himself: ^M^Sk 8 3 hy r U 0000 double—ay, treble—the wages of this night's work." E»otly »tten o'clock the following 'morn- M ^ . o o h w . t the London and County '"v * ii,^* 0^ whan he got inaide nobody else ^e<M«ed himself for a fool then, for he ' " wonldfar sooner have presented a cheque for W ? oua . t with such a name ap- : • pended ata time when business was brisk ' *n«igh to prevent attention beiug rivittedon " fi "?f.Mp for it now, however. 1 ?, tlle cheque, and it was re- bva with t ' . h « ^est that he woid wnte his name across the back. rjh" tl *" 4 l u a most nervous and eioitod manner. 'I^-Oh, have yon cone to life again?" asked ho , toot Jt a^ain in hind, tbat i i r " I've been dead yet." ' growled Enoch Meek, defiantly ^ ^"i? 5^ yl? r pa^on = no °ff®nce meant, but \- *l»econjunctaon of two such names must be \- - ^ ^ f®^ seeing them I hoped-that you t n e w p a p a r s are still * j-'-f d i <m ' t i b^,f' ni < J« ite soft an in- <- ' hat fejlow must have been," io- '' fe" 1 —iF 0^1', • D o 1 look bke a man who'd life?" do n '* look like pno of taking his own life. I'm v ^^.^^Wjfllf^^nB momentarily misjudtfed you, .pi, comae you don't require the whole amount in gold. How much shall I give you in notes?" " Half," answered Enoch, curtly; for he had heard the titter that ran round between the Bank clerks at the stress the young fellow who waa serving him had laid on the word "own,"' and the joke was not a pleasant one. -So he counted his gold and notes as fast' &s; ever ho could, and, hurrying out of the Bank, was not sorry to find himselc in the cab again. Enoch was doomed to meet with annoyances that morning, however; for whilst crossing opposite the Mansion House he heard a sudden and furious cry of " Meek, scoundrel and villain, I have you now!" and, glancing out of the cab window, he beheld George Graymaking straight for the rehicle across the most crowded part of the thoroughfare, fists clenched and eyes aflame. " Curse it!" exclaimed Enoch, for there was such a block ahead that his vehicle was almost stationary- "Curse him'." ho repeated. "Here will be a precious expose, if nothing worse." But in the present instance Satan helped his own, as he is said to do upon occasion; for fcis eyes, rivetted only upon Enoch, noted not what conveyances wore bearing dewn upon hiin either to right or to left; and failing likewise to hear the yell of a hansom cabdriver to get out of the way. ho was suddenly struck by one of the shafts of the vehicle and hurled on to the pavement at the haso of tho Wellington Column as though shot from a catapult. "Hurrah ! Hope the young bruteis killed," muttered Enoch Sleek to himself: but as other vehicles shut him out at once from tho view, he, still far from feeling quito safe, slipped out through the opposite door of the call, "rushed through V/a]brook, and, crossing Canon-street, dived into Bush-lane as a frightened rabbit dashes into its hole. CHAPTER XVII. A HAZARDOUS JOUKSTET. Enoch Moek was nervous the whole of that day. Each time that he ventured out of liis den, and he did so often, for ho evinced a feverish haste to change all bis Bank notes into gold, he would cast a startled and half-terrified glauco uround him for fear lest young (icoi <,'o should be on the lookout and spring upon him unawares. He had never given the boy credit for hunting him so perseveringly. He had not thought that there was such a spirit of determination in him, and, above all, he had deemed that in the great world of London he would have been safe'from all discovery. But how differently things had happened. Here on his first going out be had !je.jn recognised by the very last person in the world whom he could wish to have been see;i by, and through the ill-omened fatality his ingenious scheme for making 'tho hunust blacksmith think that he had committed suicide for the sake of his daughter would break down. And suspicion might beget suspicion, and lead to investigation and search—that was the worst of it. " Bah, I have not murdered the girl," Enoch would mutter to himself on such unpleasant thoughts recurring again and again to torment him. " They can no more hang me than Lord Bertie can pet back his money, even if they do find me out; and as for that young George, when a mau's attacked, the law allows him to defend himtelf, so 1 don't see why I should be afraid of a boy, I'm sure." But he was afraid-.of a boy, nevertheless, for Enoch Meek was superstitious, and he had dreamed lately, on two consecutive nights, that he had been shot dead by George. It was for this reason that he shivered at every shadow and turned pale at every hurrying footstep. When night came though, and in one of the cellars of the oid bouse in Scott's-yard, he forgot all his fears in gloating over the heaps of gold pieces that he had spread out before him. s * "Nine hundred and fifty pounds," muttered he, in a rich oilv chuckle to himself. "Now, by my skill as a coiner, I'll double them in number if not in value, and then by changing spurious coin for real I'll go on doubling and doubling until I'm a wealthy man and can lord it vith the best of them. Ha, ha, ha! folks will not readily guess the falsity of the coins I nut into circulation- when there is so much genuine ore in them. Anyhow, the trade will not be a quarter so hazardous as it lias been hitherto, working aiv.iy secretly at night with that mad blacksmith likely to discover meat any hour; besides having to steal my gold in the first instance." Ar.d he chuckled again as bo ran his fingers through the heaps of coin, and listened to their pleasant chinking. But presently he went to an obscure corner of the cellar and fished thereout a carpet bag. It was tho same as he had forwarded on the afternoon preceding Nellie's abduction, by carriers vail, from the "Goatin Boots'' at Acton, to an address in the Borough. lie had called for it that day, and brought it to Scott's yard. Now he opened it, and throwing out the nrtick'-s of clothing that were rrammed in anyhow- at the top, lie at lust dreu- out a parcel of tools done carefully up in a piece of soiled chamois leather, and tied with string. Carefully and lovingly ho gazed at these implements of nn infamons craft, laying them down side by side in front of the heap of gold pieces. Presently, however, the complacent expression of his face changed to one of alarm and terror. Hastily he counted over his tools again, but his doubtt, instead of being dispelled, were confirmed. Tho most important of all—one that be could neither dispense with nor replace without great ja Lour and peril -was not there. He had not brought it away with him. It was still buried under the earthen floor ef the blacksmith's shop at Acton, and it would have to be fetched. Cold drops o! perspiration sprang to Enoch's brow as this conviction forced itself upon him. He had made those instruments by tho aid of Robin Gray's forge and bellows and tools, and without a blacksmith's shop at his disposal he could not replace the instrument he nad omitted to bring awa} r , whilst as to putting himself in another man's power by engaging him to make it for him, he was far too prudent and wavy to contemplate doing anything of the kind. *"I must return to Acton, and repossess myself of it at all risks," muttered he. " Bah, I'll do it this very night. Robin Gray sleeps soundly, and so does his wife. The shop is out of sound of the house, and out of sight, too, save from the window of George's room, and I'll warrant that young gallowe-!imb, if he isn't in hospital, will be bunting me up in London many a day and night yet to come. Anyway, I must chance it." But though he made up his mind to do so, Enoch Meek would have given a good deal could the journey have been avoided. He had no heart for it, and only tho dire necessity drove him on. Having made up his mind, however, to the step, he was resolved to go through with it at once. It was only ten o'clock. He wculd manage it so that his appearance at Acton shouid bo a, little after midnight, at which time, did any of the inhabitants happen still to be up and about, he would have a very fair chance of being mistaken for his own ghost, superstition beiocr still rife in the place. " He fortified himself, therefore, with a hearty supper and a bottle of wine, and then issuing forth from his den, ho mado his way to the Bank, where begot up outside a 'bus bound to Bay swater. from whence he resolved to do tho rest of the journey afoot. For he was known by the'railway officials at Acton Station, and he aid not care to run the gauntlet of their prying eyes when bound on such a mission as he was at present. He had read, moreover, that those who contemplated the perpetuation of crimes within a radius of % score of miles of London, always walked both to and from their destination, for in this manner could thsy more surely baffia the researches of the police. ( To bf. continued to-morvoir.1 