Lord Charles Beresford- (FOSSIL.) The crowd acclaimed " Charlie !" the familar way that crowds have London. Lord "Charlie" in his ride had to go bare-headed iu the hot sun from the beginning to the end of the " Record " procession. No hardship that, however, to a man who had marched through the desert to Gak-dul been knocked over in the rush of Fnzzj- Wuzzy into the big square of Abu-Klea, fought at Metemneh like an ancient Tro Jan or a fin-de-siecle Irishman, engaged an Arab battery for a whole day wiih a steamer at anchor with a round shot "through her boiler, put the fear of Allah ""and the Giaour generally into the whole of the Mahdist forces in the very hour of their victory, aciualiy in the delirious moment of fulfilled prediction, and all "in the broad glare of a sun in comparison with which the sun shining 011 St Pani's on June 22, 1897; was like a paiuted fire. Lftrd " Charlie " is sure to have found his hatless condition under the shade of popular applause very much better. But this is not the reason wby I Lave bronght this hero iip oat of the vasty deep which is the fishing grouud for the Journalist. That would have been without- any relevancy. The fact is that Lord Charles Beresford has just said the best thing during the discus sion on the main facts of Imperial and colonial defence. He has, moreover, done it just in his particular way, without effort, with much vigor, and at the very best moment—what the . scientific; people and the novelists call the " psychological moment." ~ He has always been true to that moment. For example, once upon time t.e was weary with a long day after triidgoose. For 12 hours he "had tramped and shot, and there he was on the deck of his ship, H.M.S. Galatea, Duke of Edinburgh captain, wet. hungry, thoroughly done up, eagerly inhaling the pleasant steam of dinner, one eyfcon " bitters," the otberfon the bril tiant light shooting np through the hatchway—one of the "verybest psychology^ moments, surely. And" so it was, but not that way. " Man. Overboard 1" The water was black and icy—it was at the Falkland Islands, and the depth of winter.at that —and mere was ice floating all abont, making ugly music against the big chip's burnished sides. Lord Charles, a great -swimmer, : a subscriber to " noblesse oblige," the noblesse in this <Jase of. swimming perfection, accepted the psychological moment. Without stopping to take off coat (its pockets bulging with cartridges) . or jjootis,. he, just seized a coil| of rope with one hand and • went overboard from the gangway by which he had just entered. The sentry had gone over from there—rifle, great-coat, and all, and the only chance was to grip him before he reached the surface. So over went Lord /' Charlie," and~ down he went—down, down., down, until he began to think, as he described it, that the other end of the rope wasn't fastened to anything. But -he kept fast hold, as | all true sailors do—your sailor never lets go anything when in. trouble—and presently overtook his man, grabbed Mm with the other hand, and in due .^course arrived in his company at the surface among the ice. " The ship's corporal helped us t out," says he, in telling the story, " and there an end." The story is typical. It tells of a clear eye for duty of the highest standiard, of the course to do it in spite of difficulties most repellaut. of the modesty which makes light of great things done. There,was not much difficulty about the psychological moment of the other day. It was simply the moment for saying the right: thing abont the colonies when everybody bat colonial seemed inclined to say wrong things. " You attend to the bases," Baid Lord' Charles, addressing the colonies generally, "and you will do your duty well. We will manage the shipping part ©f the business, and that is onr duty." As a nav&l; officer and ex-Lord of the Admiralty, and a man of vigorous common sense, he could have said nothing better. The colonies agree with" them as their defence'works show, and they will not forget him. But he always spoke his mind wherever he was and whoever he might be with. c- Irrepressible he was 'always ; it was Ms cMef characteristic, from the first. In Honolulu he beguiled the time l>y hauling down the American flag flying over the Consnl's house ; in Holyhead he brought down half the signs in the street; in Portsmouth he had several rdunde with a "cabbywherever he wais'he was always in some scrapfe. In his middle age it is the same as in his hot youth. He cares for no proprieties—he is bound by no c<mtehtionalities. Of the navy and its state, and its ships, and its men he speaks the best that is in him Whether whatJie says cuts the hearts of my Lords of the Admiralty, it is all one to him ; he says it. In his young days my Lords ordered his commanding officers to send in monthly reports of, the troublesome officer's doings; in his middle-age they shiver at his frankness, they delay his promotion, they deprive him of his proper periods of service. Bat he is the most popular officer in the service. There is no one who can fight like him, no one with sach splendid daring, no one vybo lives so systematically up to the old traditions! Neither is there any other who can show such a record of Parliamentary work, undertaken, not for ambition's sake, but for the sake of the service. He knew the ways of the owls in the crow's nest, and he went into Parliament because it stands over that eminence. That he gave agood account of himself there no one, except my Lords, who are ready to faint when they see uncompromising vigor, for a moment doubts* „ _ . By- the-way, talking of his lrrepressibility, 'few, I dare say, remember a striking example of it in Sydney during the stay of the Galatea.- The big dock on Cockatoo Island, which had not long been Pushed, was remarkable for strange noises at night, for which no one could account. What more natural or more true to historic precedent tian a general idea that the place ps haunted ? History repeats itself con tinnally. i>. very thing unknown isgivina spiritual source. The popular imagjna tion accordingly evolved grim nightly -processions of departed prisoners {and tyrannous officials, ghostly orgies, the dance of death, and great was the superstitious terror. Lord Charles Beretford undertook to lay the ghost whatever it might be, and succeeded, though bp an amusing fluke. He scent a niglit in the dock with the old boatswain of the Galatea, and they speut it -in running up and down trying to locate the usual noise's, which j went merrily on quite regardless of their pre setce. The irrepressible gave it/up at last, but even then he could not be repressed. As he was leaving the dock he emphasised his disappointment as young fellows will do by lashing out suddenly at a dirty old plank lying across a rugged ledge of rock ; and not improbably said a naughty word or so. Over went the plank, and out came two big frogs out of a hole, and lo! the ghost was found. Lord Charles was on this occasion the irrepressible malgre hri. On all other occasions he had enacted the vole with his fall and well-planned concurrence. For instance, driving through Alexandria on the day of the epoch- naalnng massacre with a friend he found the mob closing u^j iironnfj kijlling right land left, and detected sympathy with the mob in the cjes and diiatoriness of the scoundrel cabby. To make one spring on the box, take the reins, and drive ahead at full gallop was to Charlie Beivsford the most natural thing in the world. On their side the mob found it the most natural thing in the world to fall back on either hand and let the mad thing pass. How close a shave it was, subsequently was seen when 73 bodies of Europeans beaten to death were taken out. of that same street. The Condor episode that followed is not yet forgotten " Well done, Condor," the Admiral signalled, and tbe whole fleet applauded the little vessel, which handled with the greatest skill and dariug, had dodged the great shots for hours, and p<||pLed its big enemy to boot. The reason why Beresford particularly enjoyed the feat was that it was against orders; He had not been ordered to attack 15 §uns with three, the three small, and the rest divided into two 8-to--, two 12-ton, two 10in., two 9in., two 32-poandere, and five mortars. But he attacked, and he managed to silence, the fort. It was better than fluttering about to render assistance and carry messages." After that he was energetic in the restoring of order, but failed to get to the front for Tel- el- Kebir,; though he tried hard. It was the only suppression of his career. In 1884 he saw war on land in earnest, getting his first whiff of Arab smoke at Abu-klea. He was with Stewart's column as it marched out of camp in square and came in presence of the enemy. Halting at 400 yards to straighten up the formation, they saw the enemy spring to their feet under their long lines of waving banners. Drawn np they were in a dense phalanx, with three cones projecting in front, each headed by an Emir with a banner. They came on with a swift, quick step— with the steadiness of regular troops parade.. The Mounted Infantry and the Guards faced them: on the left flank and rear corner were the Heaviyc,"' serving as infantry ; on the rear the Naval Brigade, under Lord Charles Beresford, with the Sussex Regiment making np the left flank, the camels and baggage in the ceutre. On came the Arabs, swift and springy as panthers,, steady as veteran soldiers, in spile of the deadly roll of musketry poured into their thick masses by the Mountrv Infantry and the Guards. The dead and wounded falling gave -the advancing column s the appearance of a laboring ship wi<h great mafses of broken water falling away from her bows and sides. " I pitied them from my heart," wrote General Wilson, in his chronicle of the battle, as he testified to their sublime gallantry. " I never thought any troops could live for 400 yards through such a fire," he added. When the column; got within 80 yards it suddenly moved off^o its right, ; with the precision and steadiness of a parade manoeuvre, and before anyone knew what was happening it wheeled suddenly to its right, struck the Heavies and the !Navals, and its leaders were among the camels in the centre of the square. The Arabs swept over the Heavies in a wMrl, and over the Navals on their right at the same moment. Burnaby had fallen in front of his men ; cartridges were jamming in the Martinis in all directions. 'Wilson saw the men throwing their rifles from them with curses as the Arabs rushed on them ; and there was terrible confusion. The "Gardner" jammed at this moment in the hands of the Navals. The captain of that gun and Lord Charles were busy trying to free the cartridge when the enemy burst upon them. The captain o! the gun was' killed, Lord Charles was knocked down, and every other officer in the brigade lost his life. The Arabs lost time among the camels. The rear ranks of the Guards and Mounted Infantry, taking advantage of the delay, faced about and poured in a : withering fire, killing camels, officers, Arabs—everything within range. The Heavies and sailors did the same, and the square was restored, not one Arab escaping out of the square they had so gamely broken. Lord Charles did great work that day. His next exploit was the most brilliant of the war. was lying ill in his hut after the fight at Metemneh, when word was brought to him that Wilson, who had taken two . steamers up to Khartoum on that famous expedition 'of his, was shipwrecked and cut off. In a moment he was out of bed, on board the only available steamer—a thing " rotten •with age and caulked with rags "—and going full speed to the rescue. On the way he engaged a big fort mounting two heavy guns, and during the fight his boiler was disabled. All day he fought, and while he fought he drew the fires and got ready for repairing the damage. ; The necessary boiler-plates , he owed to his own forethought. Iu ten hours the boiler was in ended; and during those ten hours Beresford's men had kept down the fire of . the Arab artillery. The enemy might have sunk him if they had thought of the simple expedient of taking a gun out of their fort and opening fire at a point further down, (yit they did not think of it. In the morning the little vessel puffed out in triumph and saved Wilson and his party. So great was the moral effect of this fight that the enemy refrained from molesting the retreat of the expedition to Korti. But why go on with the story of a brave man, whose story is in many respects the story of the navy of his time 1 That he will one day be at the head of his profession no one doubts. That he may he the greatest admiral of our time most men are aesurtd who know tbe skill ths.t he possesses, who understand his daring character and his fearless independence, aud realise his capacity for taking pains, as witness the incident of the boiler-plates of the Safieh. May he one day command in the waters of those countries whose position he understands so well. Befnse all other brands ; insist on GLOBE BRAND " What is the cost of living ?" is one of the first questions which is asked in other lands by an intending emigrant to Western Australia. iAn interesting and instructive illustration of this is afforded by the following letter, which .appeared in an Indian' newspaper, and has been forwarded to Perth " Herald " by a correspondent:— COST OF LIVING- IN WESTERN AUSTRALIA, Sir,—I would feel deeply thankful if, through your columns, you would give me any information regarding the cost of living or means of obtaining employment at Albany, oi- other of the coast ports, Perth, or August*, in Western Australia. As I am in receipt of Government pension of £90 per annum, still robust and active myself, with a family of six sons, I have an idea that £7 10s a month there, with the prospect of a situation would be better than accepting the Indian rati of pension of Rs 85 per mensem or even going home.—PENSIONER, Secunderland, October 14. The editor of our Indian contemporary adds a footnote- asking for information on the subject. If a true statement of the position is given by any correspondent it is to be feared that " Pensioner" and his six sons will not come to Western Australia. The foregoing letter shows how powerful a magnet is gold in drawing emigration ; the monthly returns of "arrivals and departures" show that our population is not increasing as rapidly as might be reasonably expected. The long and loud complaints throughout the length and breadth of the land against the present customs duties explain the discrepancy, that exists between the anticipations of increase in population and the disappointing realisation. G LOBE Canned Meats retain their natural flavor 