MAD RAMSAY. ALL RIGHTS RESERY 1. An Australian Story, BY an australian writer.! CHAPTER XXII.— (Continued.) Duigan nodded arid shuflied oil, im agining that lie was escaping. He in tended to try for the hundred, but if he succeeded In obtaining it he'd not the slightest intention of returning to that hotel or company. His soaked condition probably so befuddled his cunning as to lead him to believe that he could thus easily escape. His first thought was of Bessie. Ho knew that he had been drinking, and was becoming impatient. He believed that it was in his power to force her hand over the hospital business. He wis desperate also, and afraid; so that a hundred pounds loomed larger now than a thousand three months back. He found the woman, and was dis concerted at her appearance. The sur roundings had suddenly become elabo rate. She was dressed in slovenly finery. The fragments of a iuxurius breakfast were on a small table beside her, cheap novels lay about, a bottle of three star brandy, half emptied, stood on the mantelpiece, and— the only thing' of beauty in the room — a bunch of fresh ilowers half concealed the brandy bottle. She looked at him as he entered, but did not speak. He glanced around the room, shrugged Ills shoulders, and made for the brandy. She permitted the one drink, but then got up, took the bottle, and locked it up in a wardrobe. I "Well?" said Duigan. | "Well," replied the lady, "who did you , touch for it?!' I He .Indicated the new contents of the room' by a wave of his hand." "That is my business." "Aye; d'you know what mine is?" "Neither know or care." "Wouldn't be quite so comfortable in Pentfidge, would It?" "You know most about that, I dare- : say." " .. "Tell you what I do know, Bess, I'm tired of it." She smiled, an evil smile. "That's it. Grin, you hag, grin!" Her smile broadened and became jnore insulting and irritating. " "Curse you, will you speak?" _ He rose as he spoke and lifted a light Austrian chair in both hands. As he did so a steel blade with which he ' was familiar flashed In her hand, and she glided panther-like behind the table. And still no words. The chair shook in Duigan's feeble grasp, and in ; a few seconds fell with a crash. He brought himself to anchor, then mop ped his clammy brow with a filthy handkerchief and said, ' "Give me a drop of that brandy.".., "Go and get some threepenny rum, she answered, and flung a half-sove reign on the ground beside him. He "nicked It up, and rising again, said, "Bess, we two have got to come to ah understanding sometime or other, and I want to do It now." "We have to come to a perfect under standing. You have enough there to make you drunk, and I want to be rid of your company." "You .mean It?" "Yes." "Then I ' goes - to Ramsay." She laughed then, a ringing, mocking, tan talising laugh; that probed and stung him through and through. He squirm ed, he slobbered rather than foamed at the mouth, and at length, with lip drawn back from his filthy teeth, eyes Blaring and fist shaking in menace, backed towards, the door. "Loathy he were to look upon, And llker a devil than a man." The woman laughed on till the door operie'd and closed on him, then betook herself to the brandy, and an hour later was stretched on her bed in stupor. Duigan came out In the streets with fists still clenched, teeth bare, and eyes glaring, all of which was carefully observed by two men who peered round a street corner, and after waiting a whHe:"fbilO\I'ed In his' tracks. He had no thought of thern or of the promise he had made to them, or of the mis sion on which lie was ostensibly bent. An overstrained and reckless desire of revenge consumed him. He was going straight to Ramsay with full intent to tell him all he knew. He had discover ed the identity of the "Indian," he knew all about the hospital business, he could prove that the woman Bessie was his wife. "I've got. enough to lag them, lag them all," he repeated to himself again and again. "I'll have her In the logs this night. I'll open his eyes to all the plots against him, and If he doesn't part after all's done, let him look out!" He rehearsed his- story as he grew calmer, hurrying along the compara tively quiet streets towards the heart of the city. ' . Meanwhile Ramsay was playing an ther part, for Mr. "Watson had he- thought himself, and called at the city office. It seemed fair to this worthy man to hold Ramsay In his power, but, considering affairs through the long night vigil, he had been startled by the question- in what did that power con sist' Would not his long-maintained lecvecy damn himself? Might not Ram say, backed by wealth, position arid influence, convince a jury that his evl- dence was fabricated? In any case, what would his own life be worth after he had stood a cross-examination in the witness-box? And then what was the exact meaning of that term "acces sory after the fact?" All in all it might be better if he could get ten thousand pounds in a lump sum, if five, or even two. With the sum he bad already saved, and even two thousand pounds judiciously invested, he could live a fine, fat, hypocritical life, become a shining light in his church, aspire to a deaconshlp by-and-bye, give up his watchman's billet, wear broadcloth every day, and address young men on the sovereign virtue of thrift by night. There he sat humbly in the corridor at half-past nine in the morning, nurs ing his hat on his knees, and Ramsay arriving a quarter of an hour later passed by him without a glance, slam med the door, and called for his cor respondence. It was not heavy. He had glanced through it in ten minutes, and then a clerk notified him that a man outside desired a private interview. "Send him in." Watson entered .to find his quarry very much at ease, leaning back from his desk, smoking, and toying the while with an ebony ruler. He offer ed no greeting; made no sign of recog nition. Watson wriggled near to him as he dared, glancing furtively at the ruler. "Mr. Ramsay, I have been thinking of our late conversation; thinking, sir, and praying." "I've been thinking myself." "It has been made manifest to me, sir, that no man should Be judge of his brother." "What's your brother done — burglary, arson? Is he a night .watchman, too, eh?" "I spoke spiritually, Mr. Ramsay." "And meant financially." "Labourers are needed in the vine yard, now, sir, sorely needed." "What? Do you keep a vineyard? I suspected you of a shanty." "Ah, Mr. Ramsay, if your eyes were only opened." "Look here, Watson, my eyes are opened, wide, cleansltinned, do you see? I was a fool to talk to you at all the other day. I've been a fool to stand your infernal blackmailing all along. You will understand me better, having heard that perhaps, and now tell me right out what do you want?" "I— I thought, sir, you might be in a better way to find salvation if all the burden, all the dread of that affair were off your mind. You've always been libera, sir, always. Good friend to me, and I think it would be better, sir- better for yourself— if I made some sa crifice. and accepted the offer you made." "What was that offer?" "Surely you must remember, Mr. Ramsay." "Can't say I do." "It was, sir; it was ten thousand Ijounds." "Ten thousand devils," shrieked Ram say, rising and kicking his chair away. "Look here, you double-faced pointer, you oily hypocrite, you shall never see ten thousand pence of mine. I repu diate you ; I deny every statement you make. If anything of mine is in your possession I'll sw.ear. that you stole It. I'll convict you 'of theft, of perjury, of extorting money under false pretences; I'll please myself absolutely whether I continue the allowance I have hitherto made you". And If ever you intrude on me again I shall take one of two cour ses. If my whim is in that way. I shall call a policeman; if I'm in a bit of a black mood I shall use this." He drew a revolver from his lilp as he spoke, and levelled It at the head of the miserable schemer, who dropped in stantly to. the ground and sought to find shelter behind same piece of furniture. "Get up, you dog, and get out." Watson "needed no second bid ding. He opened the door on his knees, sprang to his feet in the passage, and ran full butt against Duigan, who was, hurrying in. Ramsay heard the row, and stepped out to ascertain its cause. He beheld Duigan, with all his rage rekindled, hurrying towards him. "I must speak to yees, Ramsay. I must speak to yees. I've that to tell " The filth, the evident drunkenness, the familiarity of the brute, were like a whirlwind blast to the "feverish im pulses with which the man was al ready afire. "Stand back, you dog," he shouted, barring the way with fist clenched and raised. "I'll tell all. I'll put 'em all away. I'll — Ramsay was savagely stamping the floor as he spoke, and a clerk and mes senger hurried out. "Kick me that beast into the gutter," said he, re-entered his own room, and banged the door. The two men did his bidding so promptly and effectively that ten se conds later Duigan went .flying" across the pavement, and landed in the midst of three men who stood on the kerb, His head struck full in the, stomach of the pugilistic gentleman who had in terviewed him In the morning, and with such effect as., to render an Imme diate rejoinder impossible. But it was only for a moment; the pugilist rallied, and with a roar of, "You robber, you scoundrel, this is the way your raise a hundred- quid, is it?" rushed in. With ' Duigan passion temporarily overcame cowardice, and he fought like a wild cat. The more cautious spielers slunk away, for white helmetp were seen di viding the fast- gathei-ing mob, and In a very short time a couple' of the maintainors of the peace had the fight ing man's hands secured behind his back, while a third was raising Duigan from the gutter by his coat collar. It was but a ten minutes' Journey to the police station. The charge " was briefly made, opd In the ordinary course of events they would have been dealt with at the police court. But Duigan was still boiling with desire for' revenge. "Hold on," .said he, "I've got a charge; yes, a charge of murder to make. I charge Ramsay, Hugh Ramsay, Bloody-handed Ramsay, with murder, murder, murder!" The inspector In charge lboked acrosB to the arresting constable. "Drunk" was the response under stood, though unspoken. "Look them both up till to-morrow, and we will hear all about It then." Duigan resented and protested, but lockup-keepers are ready for all emer gencies of that sort, and very speedily Duigan had no other audience than the stone walls of his cell. Thus the conspirators for four and twenty hours at least seemed to bo secured sure from any molestation. Duigan was laid by the heels, the brandy bottle held the unfortunate . woman in thrall, Ramsay had cut whatever ghost of a conscience might still have haunted him absolutely adrift, the Jeffcotts were abroad and "their commodious mansion was abso lutely at the disposal of Rose Johnson, her allies were in town, all necessary preparations had been made, and the day was drawing fast towards the evening of an apocalypse. CHAPTER XXIII. Gardeners had been busy in the grounds and painters on the walls of. the Jeffcott house for some days, though so far the Interior had not been disturbed. Rose had assumed full charge of all the operations, . and, true to her consecrated policy of dissimula tion, had pointed out the place to Ram say, and led. him to infer that it was a purchaseof her father's; and that lie proposed to reside there shortly. They had even entered the house together on one occasion, and admired the prospect from the upper windows, and all on her part with very serious and far-reach ing Intent, for she had proposed that they should enter once more and part there, to meet In this world never again Day after day she had hardened her pure and faithful heart, steeling it with dissimulation, tempering it with a righteous hatred, and not for revenge, but for judgment against the wrong doer and justice to the wronged. She felt herself ordained to the work she had undertaken, and even though it should require the Immolation of "all her chastity of mind, she resolved to persevere in 'it till the end. To- nerve fiierself for. this purpose while Ramsay was occupying his time in feverish raging and wild outbursts of passion she sat alone in her cham ber, reading occasionally, but chiefly engaged in meditation and prayer. She had but one book now, lier Judith and Holofernes. It is the most full and complete justification of consecrated deceitfulness, of hallowed dissimilation to be found in the literature of the world. Rose pondered it over and over, chapter by chapter, line by line, and discovered ih it sanction and solace for the desperate course she proposed to take. "Then said Judith unto them, 'Hear me, for I will do a thing which shall go throughout all generations to the chil dren of our nation.' " "She could do naught else, of course, when once convined that only in one way could the wrong bo righted. " 'But Inquire ye not of my act, for I will not declare it unto you till ; all things be finished that I do.' " "Ah, yes, there is no companionship, no confidence, in that course, and if victory is not won there is no deliver ance in that war. Judith conquered. But what have I to do with Judith? " 'All the women of Israel ran to gether to see her, and blessed her, and made a dance amongst them for her, and she took branches in her hand and gave them also to the women that were with her. And they put a garland of olives upon her head, and she went be fore all the people In the dance, leading all the women; and all the' men of Israel followed In their armour, with garlands, and with songs in their mouths.' " " ; The brave maiden asked herself, and not without fair cause and good reason, Are the causes of justice and Righteous ness changed since then? ' May not woman still take her honour in her hand and stake it against man's in famy, and shall she not in the day of her victory be. able still to face her God with an unpolluted, though a humble, heart, her mother, with no sqnse of guilty shame, and all the life that lies before her, with no sense of contamination in her being, fit and worthy still for the performance of woman's most sacred duties? Thus she reasoned, and evpn then came an- . swer to her soul, go on. About noon she set out to keep the appointment riiade with Reseigh Jeff cott and Dr. Carnegie. The solicitor, Murtagh, was not consulted In the matter, for she had resolved that none save those already consulted or deeply concerned should be involved in the deep plot, which was fully prepared. And as that plot was fully displayed deeply and bitterly did Dr. Carnegie regret that he had ever allowed him self to be drawn Into its relentless toils. Rose appeared to him in that inter view almostTLs an evil genius triumph ant, to a mortal who had foolishly sought and accepted her aid. There was no possibility of with drawal. The demand made was abso lute imperative, and the , doctor pos sessing some little knowledge of juris prudence was not altogether controlled by the lady's Imperious statement. "All the responsibility will rest with me." The questions to be asked were brief. Of the doctor Rose desired to know if a man could, with safety, be brought wholly or partially under the influence of chloroform against his own will; plainly, if it would be safe to chloro form Hugh Ramsay by violence or subterfuge. And this answered it was for Reseigh -Jeffcott to explain if one thus subject to the drug would be still susceptible to hypnotic influence. These questions were both answered to her satisfaction. Then followed a visita tion, made with elaborate precautions, to the house at Brighton, and certain ar rangements then, whose purport will presently be understood. With H-ugh Ramsay the wheels of time dragged heavily till the sunset. He tried to concentrate his thoughts on business; he left business for billiards. He lunched with his brother, and drove several gentlemen of mature years to the verge of desperation by attempting to play whist through the afternoon. The devil tempted him sorely tci drink, but he did not yield. It was ordained that he should not yield, and absolutely sober and sane, as It seemod, he walked on the Brighton beach a half-hour after the sun hod set. The day had been hot, the twilight was almost sultry, the stars shone golden-tinted through a faintly lumin ous haze, and far away on the hori zon from west to south a heavy cloud hank lay as if at rest; There was a 1 phosphorescent flicker on the . water, but scarce a sound down beneath that cliff save the occasional rumble of the trains passing far overhead. He walk-,' ed close to the margin of the water, waiting till a closely wrapped figure descended the stops and approached him, walking rapidly. "Rose I'' "Hugh!" " . She clasped his arm, arid urged him to a rapid walk along the beach with out speaking. "It is about five miles .to Mordialloc, Rose. Do you propose to sup . there?" "As you will; the world is all the same to me to- night, Hugh. Abandon, abandon, everywhere, everything, nd how hot and luminqus the night is; the stars seem to fadlate heat. But what about that cloud bank yonder? I. think it has blocked out one or two of the stars that should not have sunk into it just yet. I don't think we will go to Mordialloc, . for, I don't care about getting wet, and it would be hardly nice to get caught in a boat a half mile out yonder. Let us walk townwards a little. The tide is out and the beach is hard. "We have only to cross the point yonder and there is a lovely stretch of sand." "Just as you please. Any prome nade will suffice, so : that It gives us opportunity to plan that long voyage of ours." The pressure ori his arm Increased suddenly and. slightly. It was answer enough, and then 'the lady-.-rattled- on again — "Which of all the places you have been -do you like'. best, Hugh? Which is most charming in the. first flush of spring? England is too cold till May, and all the Riviera is crowded. Did you over visit Algeria or any part of that north coast of Africa? One ought toget the Cairo climate there, and without any frills arid flounces, so to speak." He answered: "I know scores of places where all natural coriditions are per fect, but tell me, Rose, is your mind absolutely, made up? "Don't answer just yet.. I want you to think of everything. We do not wish to con template the possibility even of mutual reproaches by and bye." (to bjs continued.) 