BUSH SKETCHER. "FROM A WINDOW." By A BUSHWOMAN. When it is nearly eighty miles to the nearest township exulting in the possession of a doctor and chemist's shop, one soon grows solicitous about anyone who shows the least symptoms of illness. One begins to pore over medical books and to ransack the medicine chest. It is a good rule in the back blocks to put the doubtful invalid to bed and await developments. At present I am in close attendance upon a capricious invalid, aged 6. His malady is not alarming—in fact, only a bad feverish cold. He is fractious. He says that he is "tired of being kept in horrible old bed, and tired of fairy tales, and he doesn't think it's fair for the stories to say that a man could be turned into a mouse and creep into the folds of a princess's hair, like the young man in the Twelve Windows in his 'Grimm's Fairy Book,' and it went and said in lots of the stories that frogs could talk, and he'd tried whips of them, and they couldn't talk a bit, even when they were poked with a stick; they only croaked and goggled their eyes; and he has seen every picture in the house. It wouldn't be half bad if he could play marbles on the bed, but I won't let him put his arms out of bed cept he puts on a shawl, and that makes him feel like a girl, and his froat feels dreffully sore, like's if chickens were scratching it, and he's tired of counting the bunches of lilies on the carpet, and the roses on the blue sofa, and he would like his collie pup 'Splodger' brought down from the stable to him, and he's quite sure he has not many fleas, and, pooh! if he has they're only weeshy bits of things. He doesn't like man- darin oranges, and he doesn't like yellow jelly (yesterday he wouldn't eat it because it was pink), hates broth, and he found a horrid pip in the lemonade, and won't I please move the clock away? It keeps on saying sick, sick, so sick, and it makes him so much worse, and he feels as if he had been in bed for a whole jolly month." The invalid, in his pink flannel sleeping-suit, tosses and turns, the little face is flushed, and his eyes look heavy, and the voice is very tearful as he begs me to take him on my knee and let him look out of the win- dow, because he "knows he'd feel so much betterer, and isn't it dreffully tantalizering to have to lie still and just watch the shadows of the birds upon the blinds and hear them singing, while all the other chil- dren are out—isn't it, mother?" "Yes," I admitted readily, "it is." "Will you take me out, please?" I hesitated. The air was not cold, and as the invalid has a law unto himself, and "If I let you wrap me in your fur cloak will you, mother?" In all families there seems to be one garment that is adopted as a sort of regalia for the family invalids, and with my children it is this fur cloak. "Very well," said I, "but do you know that if a doctor was here he would very likelv give you " "What?" "A blue pill and a black draught, and a mustard plaster, and a hot bath, and order you off to bed for a week." However I wrapped this small boy in my cloak, aud took nim to the window. "I don't like this window; you can only see birds, and those greedy old pelicans fishing. Take me to the diningroora win dow. so's I can see who's coming up the track, please." So I obeyed my invalid. "Oh, there's Jim, the Gundarora mail hoy. Oh, I wonder if he's got the little striny emu he promised ine. Hallo, Jim," he cried to a little half-ca6te lad of about 10, who was coming slowly along upon a wretched, knoeked-up-looking horse, and he was playing all sorts of tricks, standing up, and lying down, and hanging to one side of the horse. Jim was a tiny, bright-eyed boy; his feet just reached below the saddle flaps. He wore a wretched shirt, and a pair of mule skin trousers a world too large for him were tied round his lean little body with a strip of green hide. His hat was a rimless felt one, his hair poked out through the top of it, and upon one foot was portion of a boot witliout an atom of sole. ThiB was the young man to whose tender care was entrusted the Gundarora mail bag. "Hallo," said Jim, showing a gleam of teeth like diamonds. "Got the emu, Jim?" "No bloomin' fear, I aint." Another gleam. • "Why didn't you. Jim?" "Beggars scratch too bloomin' hard. Bring yer a joey kangaroo if yer giv* us a handful o' marbles; that's fair doos." "Why, what's the matter with your face, Jim?" said I. " How did you get that dreadful lump in your cheek? Is it a gum boil?" Jim shook his head smilingly. "That's it," he said, "it's a glassy," and into the palm of his hand he dropped from his mouth an enormous marble. "It's a regler beauty. The kids at Brigalow Gully giv it ter me fer two young scaly-back lizards i giv em, ami X ve nad 11 in my mourn ever since sunrise." "Are you not frightened you will swallow it, nun "jNoi much I ain't." "Wnat is me name of your horse, Jim?" "X'layouyi" iwus ever a noise so lll naincuj. "lies pretty poor, Jim, isn't he?" "i\o grass now, inai s wuy. iiut (with great priuej lie taKes some packin, X tell yer straignt; when Ue s on good grass he s an aii-rigut un." "lou are late with your mail, Jim. 1'ou ve been playing mumoie-peg along me road, naven t you.' ' "Wen, mat s notion' " (sulkily). "How many games, Jim.'" "Uuly uve, auu X went alter a snake." "xiave some oranges, dim.'" "ivxy word! (a, siueway jerk of his head, and auotlier gleam ol leetbj, won t X?" "Oood-bye, dun." "S long, and oh went the little fellow, biting Uis nrst orange witii tne greatest gusto, poor little mite, itiuiug Hie uunua rora mail was not a pleasant task lor any one, and wnat wouuer was it tUal the Utile lonely ciiilu played by tbe way so olten. "W ho is that coming through that patch of dcad-nmsb ? XJon t you see, motner, there where that red is moving? Xs it a traveller? Oh, no, now 1 can see my own self quite well. Why, it's Charlotte, Writh her picaninny. Oh, call her to the window, mother." A gin was coming towards us. She was walking splendidly, straight as a dart. She wore an old print skirt, and a red blanket was draped round her body, leaving her coal-black muscular arms bare. A little bronzy picaninny, absolutely au naturel,sat astride her broad shoulders, and with two fat brown hands held on to the mother's hair to steady itself, and mocked back at the crows as she walked along. I beckoned to her, and she came up to the window smiling. "Good day, Charlotte." "Good day, Mithis. Lil boy he sick?" _ " "Yes, Charlotte." Then Charlotte nodded her head mourn fully. The blacks are.most compassionate, and are always grieved to hear anyone has even a slight ailment. "Mine bin alonga town, Mithis. Sit down (stay) alonga station now." "Why did you go to town, Charlotte?" "You know Blue Peter, Mithis? He old pfeller blackfeller alonga that one town?" "Yes, 1 have seen him." "Um! Ole pfeller Blue Peter he brother belonga me. lie tumble down (died) last moon alonga town. 1 go in that one town. Other pfeller blackfeller make me plenty sorry, Mithis." "How did they make you plenty sorry, Charlotte? I am 6ure you were sorry enough" (the poor thing had tears in her eyes). "You look, mithsis," she said, bending down, and, parting her woohy hair, she showed me a mass of dreadful cuts upon her head. "Who did that?" I asked her. "Other pfeller blackfellow. They dig em big one hole alonga ground, put em old pfeller Blue Peter alonga that one hole, then throw'em plenty dirt alonga hole, then other pfeller blackfeller hit-em me alonga cobra (head) big pfeber tomahawk, then drag em me alonga ground close up hole put em ole pfeller Blue Peter in—that which way make 'era plenty sorry, mithsis. (Amongst these blacks the nearest of kin belonging to the dead has to be "made plenty sorry.") You gib 'em medsin and ole pfeller dress alonga Crirmas? Go on, mith sis, you get 'em/' she coaxed. I couldn't help laughing at Charlotte, she was such a mixture, and I got her a dress and some vaseline in a little glass pot. "You put 'em that stuff alonga cobra, Charlotte. Make you plenty better. You no eat 'em that stuff this time" (she did on a former occasion). "Baal eat 'em, mithsis," said Charlotte, as she looked at the pot with a radiant grin. "You like 'em oranges!" "Yowi," said she. I gave her some, and she yabbered to the bronzy piccaninny, and gave it one, which the child proceeded to eat—skin, pips, and all. "What name that pfeller, Charlotte?" "Albert," said she. beaming at the child. "Good-day, mithsis, and off Bhe went, with a grace and carriage an empress might envy. Two swagmen next came in eight. They carried heavy swage and water-bags, and their heads were downbent as they walked along the road quite a chain's width apart from each other. On they came, till they were at the edge of the creek. "How will they get over?" said the in valid. "Oh, I say, they're walking through the creek!" and so they were, as coolly as possible, and the water was above their knees far. "It's a good thing for them that they're too big to get scolded," remarked the in valid, with a sapient air. "1 see something coming so slowly. It's just crawling over the downs. I believe it's a buggy. Oh, please get me the opera* ?lasses and let me see." He looked through. t is a buggy. I hope there's some little boys in it. On it came, and such a poor, knocked-up horse was drawing the buggy. By degrees it approached. The horse was but skin and bone, a very Rosinante. It was driven by a boyish-looking young man. He was nearly at the gates when down fell the horse in a hopeless manner. The young man was jumping out to see to it when his foot caught, and over he pitched on to his head on the road, and there he lay, and made no attempt to get up. I sent people to his assistance, and they helped him up, and, one on each side of him, thev sup ported him to the hall door. He looked horribly ghastly. His face was badly cut, and he had hurt his shoulder. So they laid him on the sofa, and pulled his shoulder in, and bathed his face, and put a vast quantity of sticking- plaster on his ppor face. I went in to see how he was getting on, and there he lay amongst the cushions as white as a ghost. "Aly name is Sullivan," said he, smiling at me from under a strip of sticking plaster. "I'm a doctor. I've driven from Hallnrat to Queensland." "With the same horse?" I asked, incredu lously. He said "Yes." Now, was it any wonder that horse felt a bit done up? And you see, mother, that when the doc tor came he had to be put to bed for a week his own self—and my word, mother, lie did sing out when the men were pulling his arm. Call him brave! Why, he's a jolly coward, said the invalid, and he's not going to get home 011 me with his blue pills or black draughts, I'll bet a bit on that. 