HOW TflE KING \ CAME TO HIS OWN, COMPLETE STORY. BY MRS. J. K. LAWSON, Author of ' ' Tho Mystery of Maplevillo Bay, ' 1 " The Wbito Lady of the Luggie," &c.;, &c.; corYEioiiT. The painter sat in his studio. On a box at his sido lay his palctto and brushes, in front stood his onset, with an unfinished canvas, on which ho gazed with troubled ovos. Ho was baffled— baffled again ! Hitherto ho had como, easily, successfully ; further he could not go The subtlo olusivo spirit of art had again escaped him, ns sho hail often dono beforo, louring him caoli tirno moro and moro depressed and discouraged. Ho sat dismayed at this repetition of failure ; at tho futility of his efforts to soizc, and hold, and transfor to the canvas that whioh eluded him. On some occasions I10 had succeeded, and his fellow- artists had not been slow to recogniso tho muster touch. But why, why dill ho not produco moro of suoh work P Why was it thut when they called at his studio thoy found canvas after canvas, all giving promiso of bountiful things, hut all painted out when thoy again called to roo them comploted P " That fellow destroys moro good work than any mnu I know. Ho is mad. AU thotto pictures wanted was a few touches to make thorn mnatcrpicccs which was true, quito truo. But thoso few touches here and thoro mouit lifo or death to tho picture, also to tho painter's ropntntion. It was at this stage of his work that tho painter stuok, paralysed, by a keen scuso of failure to convoy tho effect lie intended. The touches ho added killed the picture— a tliiug of lifo nud promiso oven in its incompleteness; it hccamo dead and commonplace nftor ono of thoso attempts to comploto it na lio saw it in his inner vision. Now ho had ceased to try ; it was of no uso trying ; I10 must wait till it enmo to him, suddon, uuoxpootcd, hut sure, the inspiration which would givo it tiio unnamouble, hut unmistakable, ntnmp of trno art. Into tho picture before him he lind thrown liis wliolo heart and soul, up till now it hud been a joy to work at it ; to day lio had como into tho studio intent on its completion, nud again lmd como short. Again ho had with hold his hand, (mowing he could only spoil it. And within him was tho old dendly heart- sinking, tho swoonins; of hope, that over- reenrring, wondering dismay ut himself. Noiseless us a ghost lio roso and slipped out of tlio studio, out of tho garden, into tho high-road, walking as if for a wugor ; his brow was knit, his mouth sot hard, his mind wrestling with tho problem of this strange intermittent iinpotoneo. Suddenly ho heard the laugh of a oliild, and rounding a turning of tho road ho saw encamped under some trees on tho common a gipsy tent, witli brownfuccd children play? ing about tlio fire, whoso smoko rose bluo and curling into tho tranquil air. Tlio distressed look faded, vanisliod, his oyes glowed, a smilo of intonso pleasure transfigured his handsome faco. A girl with a crimson shawl tied across lior bosom stopped out. from tho tont and looked nt him with the dark oyes of her race. I11 another minute lie hud drawn his sketch-book from his poclcot, and seated on a mossy boulder, wus rapidly sketching tho scone. Evidontly tho girl hail been accustomed to posing, for no sooner did ho begin to draw than sho smilingly leant up against tho ilocr of the tent. In a fow minutes tlio tent, tho girl, tlio children nbimt tho lire, the tall over- arching olms, aud the undulating lnndscupo, girdled by tho riror, woro all sketched in, nud no had returned. to tho house. "I say, Lilly," licoricd, "look here, I'm in luok this morning." Tho sweet-faced, earnost-oyed woman looked up eagerly. Ho hud succeeded. IIo had finished hit, picture this tirno. O joy ! Tlio light in her oyes dulled, however, as he went on : " I couldn't do anything in tho studio' tills morning, so I wont down tlio road a hit. And look — what I lit upon — just round the turn yon know." Ho produced tho skotch, and with an effort sho tried to conceal hor disappointment. " Ob, what a pretty idou for a pieture," sho snid; "you woro in luck truly." Not for worlds would sho havo uttered a protest at that moment, although hor heart grow siok 'within hor. She did think he would liuvo completed this boaittiful thing nnd sent it off to tlio exhibition— hut 110— it too was left like tho othors, nnd now I10 would bogin this now ono. Perhaps he might finish that— nerluins not. O110 of their friends dropping 111 ono day had said that all ho wanted was '"will power." Will-power? Yos, he know tho valuo of that, I10 onviod thoso who had it ; ho de plored his own lack of it, hut when lie tided to mix it in his paint and go on finishing his work meolianioully, in spito of himself, lio ruined his pioturo ; it boeamo flat and commonplace, anil in despair ho throw down the brush. If over a man suffered it was I10 ; liia wliolo will-power was cxponded in kcop- ing Blanch to his ideal in art. " I'll toll you what I'll do, Lilly, just for a litHo monoy to koop ns going," ho snid ono day nftor a mighty strugglo with himself, "I'll ghost it for a whilo. This work— it might please somo, might sol), but does not satisfy mo. I will not own it, hut a ghost is only guessed at. I hato that sort o! thing, but it will relievo tho financial pressure. Eh. little womnn?" ' Tho littlo woman sat silent, too full to speak. Was this then tho fulfilmont of tho fair promiso of his youth? Of thoir. dreams of greatness— of tho lifo thoy wore to load to gether, " still achieving, still pursuing," bIHI advanoing toward tho goal of perfect work? Sho hnd scon something of this impediment to success hoforo tlioy lmd married, hut sho had hoen so sura alio could help him, tlmt sho could roliovo him of curing for liimsolf ; slio would always bo near, ready to cheer him when his fits of depression and drcud of failure enmo upon him ; sho hnd thought it would all ho so different wlion thoy wcro together,. theno two who lovtkl cnoh other so. All, mo ! tho dreams sho had dreamed! Now, .however, tho situation lind become serious. Duns had bogun to call regularly ; colour hills 'had run up frightfully; sharp letters oamo threatening proeoedinga. I11 desperation, lio had gathered togothor a fow of his best sketohos nnd sent them off to a dealer, who nuationod thorn off for a littlo over tho prico of tlio frames. Tim relief had boon so slight that tlio ruinous process had to bo repeated, and so tho timo wont by. At last tho duua censed to trouble ; thoir dobtor wan ill, soiiously ill, It lmd como— tho long, todious sioknoss which lio hud jestingly said would oleav liis brain and sot him free. He was in tho lowost trough of fovor, and had boon for woolen now, und a com plication involving typhus was feared. His wife, in desperation, had aont up tho best of his work, all unfinished na it was, whilo lio lay on tho dim confines of tlio unscon, far from sight und sound of cartli ; bubbling with woird fervour of tlio boauty lio saw in ovorytliing ; babbling wholo stunzaB of Wordsworth's "Intimations of Immor tality." " Say he will live, dootor, only say ho will live," sho pleaded when at last Ids lifo seemed obhing away in iutorminnblo sloop. "Yes," was tho bouigu reply, "ho will live now, hnt it hus been a oloso nhavo. Tlio. utmost oare will bo required to iniiko his recovery coriain. A fovor like this entails a heavy drain on tlio systom. Caution and care are nocdod." Caution and euro ! Aye, nil that lifo could givo or lovo think of, if only I10 would como baok to lier kneeling hero ut liis bedside, with her ohoolc prossod oloso to his poor wliito wasted hand, always so small and nervous, and now transparent ns that of u gliost in a vision of tlio night. For hours alio hnd watohod by liim, waiting to wclcomo him baok to lifo and lovo and hope. At last I10 opened liis oyes, rooognisod hor, , and smiled. It was hut u look, u smile, but sho know lio was saved. Aa his oonvalosoeuee advanced he said to her ono day, as if struck with a suddon romcmbrnnoo, 1" Lilly, dear, I wish you wonld bring m«. tho goraon canvas." " It is not here, it was sent away." " Oh, well, tho othor will do, ' Tho oliild in 1 tho meadow grass.' " But it is gone) too, 'to tho Exhibition. Whilo yon woro ill I sent a fow of tho best of thorn. Tho artists liavo nil praised them so much." A gleam of pleasure lit. up his wasted faco nt thistokon of appreciation of his work. " I nm sorry tucy woro not finished," ho said, moditativoly. "I know now oxuotly wlmt was wanted ; it is all ns plain as day to mo. I feol I could finish those tilings now without any difficulty. Wlmt day is this ?" "Tliursauy," "Dear mo ! How long havo I boon ill ?" "Oh, quito a littlo whilo," sho said, evasively. It had been eight weary weeks, but bIio could not find it in hor heart to toll him ao, not yot. "What is that I seo in tho gardon? Roses ! Why, isn't this April ?" It had hcon April wlion ho lay down, now it was Juno. Tho roses had betrayed her. Sho could no longer hido tho truth from him. "Drink this, dear," sho said, holding to his lips a strengthening draught. "You havo boon very ill, dearest, hut plcaso God you will soon ho strong ngnin." Ho looked at liis wasted hands as he took tho cup froin liors, and drank tho contents with relish. " That ia delicious, littlo woman. I shall soon grow strong ut this rato. Ah, I am all right now," I10 continued, with 11 suddon glow in his ilno oyes. ' ' I toid you thut a good sharp illness would oloar tho cobwebs from my brain. I know mysolf now. You will soon soo tlio difference. No moro need to ghost it for tho suko of a littlo monoy. I shall sell my own work as suoli, und not ashamed of it either. Oh, I must got up and paint." Ho roso and mndo nn attempt to walk, but the splines of lifo woro toa much oxhnuBtod. He bow ho must wait a whilo longer yet. "To-morrow, dear, or perhaps noxt day," said his wife. " You will soon gain strength, hut tlio doctor says you must bo cautious and tako ooro." Ho smiled at hor wifely ooncorn for him, but allowed hor to coax him to reBt agiiiu, nnd in another fow moments ho was sleeping like n wearied child. The morrows passed and boeamo yoBtcrdays, and every day brought added Btrength. But liis desiro to got to his work began to oliafo him, und at last ha went into tlio studio and sat down oiioe more before tho pioturo whioli had baffled him so on tho ovc of his illnesn. For a moment or two lio lookod nt it ; a sinilo of exultation lit up liis pnlo face ; lio took up liis pulctto und brushes. "Leavo ino now, Lill, I shall finish this now. Como hack in about 1111 hour or so," Sho looked oh him dubiously, but his faco was so radiant, so illuminated with now hopo and enthusiasm, that slio loft liim to his beloved work without a fear. Boforo tho hour was out sho returned to the ntudio, entering softly lest she might dis turb liiin. Ho was still sitting before tho picture, and stopping up towards hint slio saw with rapture tho ohiiugo lio hnd nmdo in it. In Romo inspired tvuy ho had added what wus lacking— lio had ontlowod it with power mid meaning, I10 hnd bronthed into it n living sonl. I11 hor prido und joy sho bent forward nnd kissed liis olieok— it was cold, clay cold. With a muffled cry alio filing herself on lior knees oforo him, milling his nnmo in u wild agony of four. But ho noithor spoko nor moved. His oyos, still smiling, woro fixed on tlio picture, but thoy woro sightless ; tli6 pnlotto was still hooked in tlio thumb of tlio loft lmud ; tlio right hung idly by liis sido ; the brush still lay in iho curled fingers. On his brow was n etruugo light of exultation and triumph. Ho had linisncd the picture. "Heart failure," Hie doctor said. Noxt day a lotter camo from tlio exhibition score- tnry, enclosing a cheque for two hundred pounds;, with a eoniinission for u lurgo allegorical picture from the sumo purchaser. The king had como to his own nt Inst. 