TUB MAN SJIIC FOUND. / When Violet I.inijanl announced thatsho wns' going lii-Tor iitcinluic'thcro were those iiuumg us who scoffed.' - Violet , was so., nbini-, ingly pretty, ouo would never '.Miaprct lu r ; of . IMiMCWiiigrbrotna; 1"-' W one of those 'girls with nlliirlngfiices— Iho sort of licautu-du-dlnblc ef wlnch Ouidn ifi always wrilmg. eyes of ' most unholy bluusnml lips.wldch ct nld oinito a man's eoui away. A fnncmrlinir nntrx with Inn most .graceful unfit winning nianmrs ; - a being of nicodftt tomler, lupcllnnt., kindly and icy by turiis, alio had crealeiUmvoo and strewn - devis ' (ation wherever lior dainty feat had trorl. .. / Bufidri Jy lic wnarioJ of (lie endless round of : . jrictv and fiiriiion lo which liom her teens hIio luid be en - accustomed nnd amazed her hrfiirio by fiufiairog h'T intention of writing rittlMic urA'fls. OI couisc everyone said it waa momly a'fiifi nml twouhl Robn blow over. But ih didn't, tlmt- was the astounding part of it. lr Itiu'Aist. uovel ultivctcd moro than passing -wblico ' Miu was cumiiumdod for her original and ftudawnus tylc, her, clover plot aqrt a cer- t-.iii dauity iVnuuinn touch, ho was written about, iuttfivioaVd j'lier letnly and her talent \vcm- pr.dii'd1' liy'lli«'paragr«phVra' and all the <h toils of hor' liixminiis lifo ivcrit brandished iilmit tho uumitry; Fro being merely a typical » riely girl» R yonqg wouiftri of elognnco and fur.liion, -'sliii suddqi.dy .hccmo a somebody to be pointed t-ufc;and stored at ami rayed about. 4ihis Bpssinodic. adulation iilcasud Violet. She had »lway'fMaicii;. ujofin; Oattcry she revelled iit iW ; She threw herself into ajifc of feverish emotion, became cynical, disdainful, and thought of nothing but her miserable mnnm with ber.'" Sho wns nlway? prating of 14 atmosphere vaml 44 reahstn. V One can stand a lot orinft rnal nonrenso from a orcttj. woman,- htueallv; poor. Violet often grew nctuiilly tiresome with ber endless rhapsodies about 44 the divinity of realism. V . Jl was jusr.nfter publishing her second novel, n coinbitiHtion ; of ingenuity nnd wickedness, a nuurtifh, brackish story you wouldn't haye liked your sister to write, that the girl decided to go to the fur Wist in searcU of 44 local colour " for her next attempt. . : / 44 Yes," shu drawled with, tho fine lady air of disdain she. had assumed mucu her success, 44 yes, 1 am going in search of local colour, nnd n licro. . 1 may toke a cowboy for Urn latter— . -who knows ?,,Tlu-y tell me those fellows are dt-hghifully original aud as breezy as Lne winds . ; from tho Rockies." > r j; i1 ' iSho made up i.er nund abe had- not been misinformed wbcu . a month- later, 6be met Jack Woalherhy. , I "Wcatherby waa n child of ; the plains: Ho , htul never beeu east of tho Mississippi. and hud mi lullmle contempt for the laud, of the rising sun. lie had liumcd for a living ; he had beeu n. cowboy- nnd > ruisod' as much of a rumpus in : liuiiiing canips ns lhe iiext fellow. Now he owucd his own ranch and herds ; had settled down Fcmewhnt and had begun lo think he Iwould like a wile and home, .. ' I Ho was n handsome fellow, as fiery as the niustUng lie rudo' ami as- tender hearted aa a woman— somowomen.'A ! His ranch lay in the sbndow of the Snngre dc. Chiisto range,' next to thrtt of the Alhertou's, whi le the New. York girl was stopping. , Hn uVres sirotchi'd to the shadowy foot- hills and over ihoin roinicd the sleek, well-fed creatures or which ho was so proud.' ; !- lt'was two days after her arrival that he saw her first. He had rtrhien over to see Tom Ather- ton, tho big musculsr Englishman, who was lus jinrticulur crony, and had eomo down the trail; with ids coslomury 44 Hark' and ,4.\Vhoop." As though riding the slghtjcsB couriersof the nir.be dnriicd up to the little flower-garden, .spurs and chains jingling, sombrero flapping,. and letting yout.&ScU; .which ,couU\,\invu .\>mjnhoTA\i\,t5«o'- . vur. And there by the side of pretty. Mrs. Ailnrtim, snt a. stranger, a vision, an angel. Tim astonished; ranchman' blushed and stam mered like a school bov as he bowed awkwardly nnd j.pologised for :;his Apucbe-liko descent. I ho was this divinity in palest pink, this radi ant creature' with hair like gold nnd eyes like heaven' own blue ? 44 My friend. Miss Lingard ' fiom Now York,". Mrs. AUu-rton.said, , lVhnw 1 Bl:e wi's n reloblinl being straight from' l'ant- " d:r,o. ; ' I hivii always pitied Wunlherby. Never for one moment -could I blntno liim;'- He. was a piimiiivn man with snvtge instincts lurking in iiis bivuat. .)rave,-loynl, i, truight-forward him self, how could he liteam of tho treaehcroiu cruel' blows one liltla soft white hand .was .capable of dealing.' ! Violet foetid this sturily, brawny ranchero a- 'dcJighlful-r-tVulyVaiid drmiled that be should bo the hern of ber.ncxt novei. Ilia quaint «it and poetio (aiicics horn oi tho m'esus of the moun-, tain, his fyroible and often uugrammalical .sjMA'eh ivaa faithfully noted ; bis emotions wero plnuid upon, jlits heart wus probed. . .Aud ho iiuveu dreamed., ho Iwiug cxperimuoted ou. Tie loved this exquisite creature, this dainty, soft, purring beauty, aa he loved his lito. coveted )>er and lunged to shut her close to hia big, fuithful, -honest henit.' - 1 At last raniH tho nicht when Violot carried her piiflMou for 44 almonpherti " and 44 local colouring " lo its cltnvix. They had gone for their ciistomary, ovemn.' 6troll,and had climbed up a lofty hutto lo a broad lodge of rocks. At (heir foi t yawned thu canon, tremendous, Awful, , Idack, savp wimre thc moonlight touched the opposite wall witll ghostly flngvrs. Back of them loomed; the range like the battlements of n phimtom.city. Through the pines in the canon the wifidlcumc sighing in mournful cadence. I While fur, far liuiow sounded the faint rushing . of w.dt r— Iho river tumbliugand foaming aloug r. over lis rorky bed. 44 What a wtird place," tried Violet with a jiielly lilt'n shudder, 44 and what a ghost-like night. Why tlid wc never come up here before, Jack? lyiiat » aeeub !" ! Weiillx rbv. iviis .lying at her feet where ho Jmd thrown; himself to rest sftcr their climb i/o lurimih, his fuce, ivJiito in the moonlight, \- to'-m'd - liori-1 and fixing his duaky, unfatbom- nb'o t yhs upuu liur, said : 44 1 kept this place for this l.ourf' jl meunt to uring you here when I got my courage lu (he point where 1 could say ' all that Is in my beurt. Many a time down tin re,'' poiiitlng to the ranch lying below, 44 1 £ hnvn louki d. up hero and thought of tbc time i would bjiig you up to tell you how I lovu = 3011." For uiqi Jnstant Violet felt a queer littlo . tluill. ,'i'ho simple dignity of his declaration \- nhuost moved the worldly, cold-blooded girl. Then t»l;b thought of her local colouring. : 44 !Vlmt it' situation for my novel," she said to hciself ; 'then aloud gently ; 44 fc'o you really . lu\w me, Jiick Y" r 44 l.tive" you he echoed pissionately, as be roso iind' sAt down beside her, 44 Violet, look," inking her hand, 44 my lu-arl lies here in this dual littlu'lmml." Then throwing all reserve to thu lyiuds, ho H-i/od her and kissed her llilidly, tviiipo-tUMiihly. Shu struggled to free herself nnd at length fiiim-uded. 44 Jiuw dure you ?" she ilemanded, 14 how darn " — 44 Mow ihivu 1 P" he cried. 44 Why deareet, I love ytiu— I lovu yuu, do you hear ? And you, >oii love tun u little, do you not ?" He wpa (ipprnaching hor again, when she said con- lempiuinisly : 44 No, not a hit. I have simply been studying you." \- (to stood an if turuod to stone. 44 Studying ill'4-" ho a;iid, in u queer voice, 44 studying— why— why ?" he savagely demanded, as be to b- ; wrist and held it in wfi iron grin. 44 Vou wore so different," she faltered, a bil frightened at his budihui ferocity, 41 J wanted it now typo tor my hook, you know. I supposr Tom luld you 1 write books——" Am absolutuiy murderous lock swept over ViVatherby'n face. 44 No, "ho said, 44 uo one told me that. . Boyoy write bookspAnd you ' wmled to put me in it— was that it ? Auswci mct answer mo." . . ; a Al 44 Yes," she Qiunmucd faintly v 44AndThnt whs nil !r jYou never lovrtl mo— never mount lo marry mo ?" i'ju 44 -Why, no,f how . could t:?.i I -am j to hf married in the full to o man. in Now York— : > \- ,A snarl like that of, an infuriated benst IiiUt ruptcd her.. Uvid wlLh rago he sprang toward her. Once'agiiiOhocnishsd her. shi inking an J. trcmblinc, to his, breast, then'dregged her-lo tbr: very edge of thn i anon, gaping like thn bottom- less pit to receive them. And as her agnuisod crcauis piorccd tho soft sunimnr inght, Went hrrby,' still holding her against his out raged heart, stepped off. They found them next day in (he butlom of the canon. Violet's lovely faco wns past recog- niiiou, hut on Weathcrhy's lingorcd a smile of such awful triumph as would have pleased tho arch-ficud himself. 