THE EYEOFTHESUN By Edward S. Ellis. CHAPTER XLViL AEGDMENTUM. A3) HOMINEM. • Three days after the departure of the visitors of Uncle Erastus, Col. Bradley rode up to his cabin, dismounted, shook hands with his old servant, who, after putting away his horse, returned and sat down beside his old master at the rear of the building, where: they were protected from the sun's rays. The colonel had said, in answer to the question, that his daughter was well, but did not come because of the heat and; the dust, and he had promised her and the many friends of the colored man that he would soon make "his home in Arkville, where they could often see him. _"You are growing too old, uncle, to live out here, alone," added the colonel, " and you know we have a little cottage waiting for you-." " It's berry kind ob yo 1 all, and I tinks dat I'll move to town, but yo' know," he added, "dat Uncle'Rastus,am so wain wid his wanity dat he doan' want to be a burden on his friends. I kin raise 'nough hyah, wid dobelp "ob my tfartrap,, Who the4ins<3uef*ai ^B®%7a;bout * your being a burden?" demanded the colonel. " You know it would t>e a pleasure to «b all to give you what lielp you might need, but confound it, you won't need any more help." " Whuffore 2" asked the puzzled African. "" My workin' days am 'bout ober." - "In the first place, you have no rent to pay, for the cottage is yours, and, in the next place, you are the owner of 2,000 dollars that I have arranged to put in thesavings bank, where it will bring ypu a hundred dollars interest every year." " Sakes ob gracious! What am yo' talkin' 'bout, kyarneH I neber seed two thousand dollars in all my life." " I have pleasant news for you/' eon-: tinued his visitor, who realised that he had a delicate line to follow in order to deceive this old man, who could not be induced to be a party to a falsehood. "You spoke about your bear tfap just now. Well,.-since you put-up that thing, of course, all the_game that it catches be* longs to you. You don't ^eny.rthat; do you V asked the visitor, with an jassumption of anger he was far from feeling. " Ob course not; whatever comes into dat trap am mine ' r dat's sarfcin." " You haven't set it lately ?' " No ; Tm gwine to wait till the animiles get into better conditio)! afore I cotches 'em; dat is, when de wedder gets = colder and afore dey'goes to sleep fur de winter." ? _ 1' Now, Uncle Erastus* if some- person; should run across that trap, and set itj and it should icatch some game, who is the owner of that game 2 Why, you, certainly, 1 '- addedthecolonel, notaaeaning to > leave any-loophole for his old servant to crawl through. '' I s'pose dat am dough de man wot sotiim " "Wouldn'thave anything to do with it; "dOn't- interrupt me with your nonsense ! Well, some-days ago, somebody set your trap, and what do youssuppoaelt oaught ?" " ' r Gracious ! I doan' know;" "'Well, sir, it ckught$lhei©kee Kitand Indian ' Uncle Erastus was sitting at the-right; of the colonel on a rough chair,"fashioned, with his own hands. ~~He' was leaning forward, with „his elbows his knees, looking into the handsome countenaneeof the old officer whom he loved, and 5 * who, in all the long years that were-gone, had had no words except of kindness to utter 'to him. Uncle Erastus understood him^so well that he teiew he would never trifle with his feelings. When h? declared that the bear trap had l>een the means of catehingthe two "notorious desperadoes, the African could not doubt it., \- And yet what an astounding fact! He leaned his head down, and peered, over " the tops of his .spectacles ; then,he threw his head back, and stared beneath them ; finally, he removed the glasses, and; looked straight at the colonel, whose< face was as grave as" that' of a judge. Yes; that was'Col. Oscar Bradley sitting beside him. The African fflyly pinched; his own knee. He felt the pinch-; he was not dreaming. With a deep-cteawn sigh he straightened up, flung one leg -over the other, and: gazed with a puzzled expression at the wood on the other side of the clearing. : " I neber doubted what yo' said, Marse Kyarnel, and, widde help ob de Lawd, I'll bleebe what yo' am tellin' me now, if it takes de hide off/' " You had better ! You know what a couple of scoundrels those two men are. Sheriff Dabney heard they were out in this part of the country, and he sent a oouple of his deputies to look for them. Happening to pass -near yOur bear trap they stopped to examine and there they found Cherokee Sit and Indian Ike, unable to gfctout." " De Lawd sabe na 1 How did dey got indar?" . - ^ . " I haven't seen them and don't know what their story is; I believe a tree Ml on one of them and sort of dazed him. He found the door of the trap lifted, with a piece of plank to hold it up. He and his companion crawled in, and, in doing so, they knocked out the bit of planking in some'way and were «aught"faii. "Thje sheriff's deputies put handcuffs on them and took them to Arkville, where they are now in gaol." " Do yo' know whedder dar war any bait sot in dat trap, kyarnel ¥' "1 haven't,heard." " 'Cause I'd like to know^ow'ful much what de trap has to be baited T wid to •otch hoss-thieves; I'll sot some more of it." . ' " It looks if the whole thing was an accident," replied Col. Bradley, congratulating himself that he was getting on swimmingly. "But that isn't the best part of it. Sheriff Dabney tells me that the State of Arkansas some time ago offered a reward of one thousand dollars apiece for the capture of those men, and, since your bear trap caught them, of course the money belongs to you." • ; Uncle Erastus solemnly removed his straw hat and scratched his pate, as if not quite sure that his senses were still with him. "Kyarnel, would yo' mind sayin' dat agin f' His visitor repeated his declaration, and then glared at the old man, as if warning him to make no objection to it. . "The sheriff says the reward goes to you, for nobody else has the shadow of a claim to it. 1 have made arrangements with him to have the money placed in the savings bank, where you can draw interest on it, and, after your death, ifr will be divided among your children. That's all there is about it." Two thousand dollars! In the old days befofe the War Uncle Erastus had heard his mftstfef use such words j he had known a slave to be sold for that vast sum; so had some idea of its meaning. And he was the owner of two thousand dollars ! His old master had just told Itim so* and he had never deceived him; therefore, it was true. But the natural humbleness of Uncle Erastus whispered that he could - never ; justly own such a fortune as that. It had gradually "worked through his head that while -the two criminals were examining his bear trap they had caught themselves. Not the remotest suspicion: of the real truth ever flickered into his brain. If someone had set the trap for these two men and caught them, he could understand that such person would be entitled; to a part of the reward, but, as it seemed to Uncle Erastus, no one had borne a hand in the extraordinary business except the two that paid the.penalty. : They had been found there by officers of the law and were now lodged in gaol, with the certainty that they would suffer the just punishment, for their crimes. What the mischief are you thinking about?" The question was sharply asked by Col. Bradley, who feared that the old man ! wa* framing some objection to accepting " e,.gift. Uncle Erastus started, and as ijie .turned his ebony fitce' toward his -Ma^tet - there "were tears* trickling down his cheeks. "I was t'inkin', kyarnel, what old Uncle 'Rastus hab been doin' dat de Lawd am so good to him ; I don't desarbe dat money." " If no one in this world became wealthy who: did not deserve it more than you, we would all be beggars." Uncle Erastus hardly grasped the full meaning of this, but he was devoutly happy. He looked upward; " I t'inks I sees Dine up dar a-smilin' at me, 'cause she allers b'lebed in old 'Rastus, but I hopes it won't fill me with anywain wanity." "Fudge! Uncle Erastus, have done with such nonsense; you never had a speck of vanity in your nature and you never will; your life is the best sermon I. ever heard preached and you have earned:this money, so let us talk no more about it." When the moon was-high in the heavens and Uncle Erastus was alone in his cabin, he crossed the clearing, and taking-; the path through the woods, made his way to the hollow where stood his beat trap. -He was reverent,-thoughtful, and liopeful, for a grand project had assumed form in his brain. Such an emotion as fear never troubled the old man, for he felt that at all times he was in his Master's keeping and cheerfully accepted whatever He chose to send. 'Pausingin front of the huge trap, he inspected it for a few minutes. When the deputies secured the two outlaws they had, of course, to lift the front and leave it thus, with the piece of plank- supporting it. f Then they had summoned the j unfortunate prisoners to come forth, and as they did so they were secured. No further .attention was paid to the trap, which was left withthe door still open. " It am sot," mused Uncle Erastus, "and doan' need nothing from me, so I'll lebeitasit am. ~ I has a feelin' in my Tories dat de next t'ing dat it catches will be a meetin' house/- ^ , Let us complete this strange incident Bradley reached fruitionwithouta break. Briggs, tpo, who irngKi liave claimed a part or all of the rewa3?d,>Kas<&s; gratified as the oilers at the means t^Een Jer turning it over 4© the African. 'Though this man had beea raised in the worst quarters^ hej felt that innate respect which every manieels, no matter how dejbased, for the one who is conscientious and fully lives Jip-to his profession. Uncle Erastus soon moved to Arkville, and to this day has never held- the slightest suspicion of: the real means by; which he becamea "wealthy man." Yarnum Howard lingered in Arkville, puzzled to explain what caused the delay in the promised telegram from Detective Brown. Had he not' suspected that he: was absent from'the city with the expectation of returning at any hour, he would not have stayed longer than to-notify him that he was*m his way northward. The young man had done .much hard thinking:. He congratulated himself that: he had destroyed the impulsive message he first intended to send to the officer. "He,has no thought that I "have learned what I have ; he has managed to direct suspicion to others, while He made away with the real Eye of the Sun ; I will continue to mislead him until he commits some mistake by'which he uncovers himself. If some of the detectives are dishonest, there are .plenty who are not; I will find one of them, and, unless I am mistaken, Mr Orson Brown will be surprised when' this" little matter is wound «p." „ A message arrived from the detective that same evening: "What I have to tell you is so important and lengthy that I^cannot entrust it to the telegraph. Come to the Grand Pacific at once. I will either meet you there or leave a letter which will explain everything. I will say for your peace of mind that, though I have net yet found Diamond, I am ^ prepared to put you in ihe way of finding it, with only a delay of a few days. Of this be assured. "O.B." CHAPTER XLVni. AN , IHFOBTAST LETTER. Yarnum Howard was relieved upon reaching the Grand Pacific Hotel to find that Detective Brown was not there, it would have l)een difficult to conceal his distrust of the man or to listen unmoved to his endless theories in accounting for the disappearance of the diamond of the I could not stand his speculations," reflected Howard; "he would show me how suspicion pointed to other parties, and it would be my impossible task to look as if I believed what he said." A plump letter was handed to Howard, which he took to his room and carefully read. "Mydear Howard,—Thepoint which I have anticipated has been reached. I confess that I can go no further ; I give it up. It isn't often that a professional detective is thus frank, but justice to you as well as myself will allow me to take no other course. I have resigned all .efforts to trace the Eye of the Sun. I leave the morocco case, with its false brilliant, for you to make such use of as you choose, if, indeed it will ever prove any use to you at all. I have neglected the business which brought me to Chicago, and have orders from headquarters that cannot be disregarded. I leave town this morning, and may not see you again unless it be in New York. The only charge -I make you is for my legitimate expenses. I have done you no good, and though Continued on Next Page, you offered me a generous fee, I must de cline to accept it. " You will recall that once during a conversation I declared that there is only one man living who can solve this unique problem. I did not give you the name of the person, but I am now going to send you to him. He is a professional chemist, or rather scientific experimente whom people would call an alchemist, but which name is not*; appropriate, sinc his aim and study is not to learn how to turn metals into gold, but rather how to manufacture artificial diamonds. I believe he has succeeded, but the stones produced'are so small and the expense so great that as yet the process does not pay. " He is confident of succeeding eventually and I believe lie will, but with tha we have nothing to do. His office is a 5th Avenue, New York, third floor He has .fitted up expensive apartments, where he devotes himself during the day andmo st o f the evening ^experimentati When you go to him, after mentioning my name, do not fail to tell him I have withdrawn from the ease, declaring* that he is t he only one who can solve the problem. That will be a delicate compliment which he will appreciate. " Everything about this man is remark able. He is atrceaiure ofanoods. - If yo call upon him at an unfavorable time, as likely AS not/he fwill refuse ^to listen have anything to do with you.; If, on the contrary, he is in one of his genial tempers, his priceless services will be eagerly given to you. He is a crank an. diamonds and will give you points of which you never dreamed. "In the firstplace, I doubt whether any living man has so odd a name as his —Soxos. Study it for a moment. It spells backward and forward the same. Tou can print it in capitals or small letters and invert it, and there it is, just as before. Put it on a piece of paper and hold it in front of a mirror^ or raise the paper to the light and, read it r from the other side, and the name is unchanged ; in short, after once printing it there is no way of getting rid of it. It is. always there and haunts you like a ghost:- Bisec the name exactly in the centre, either-by a vertical or horizontal line, and .it jwiUl cut only a single point. I .know of -a Rev. Mr Moxom whose name has some but not all of "'these peculiarities, and if you can produce its' equal I will be glad to knoflT'it.- , - * „ , • l < ' Well, Mr SOXJS is just as extraordinary in appearance and manners as his name, but I will leave you to findthat out for yourself. Gfo to his office, ;alowv. him to say all he wishes to say, and it' may be nothing g.t all, or a good deal, according to the mood in which he happens to "be, and I repeat my guarantee ;that he will trace the 'Eye of'the 1 Sun for you and make clear what at present is an incomprehensible mystery to'you and me. " Tou and .1 ha've gone into this remarkable business far enough to ascertain a few facts. v Some one 1 exchanged '.the g real brilliant for a sham one. That person | : was Miss Neville or bet-aunt, <3>uatavus Hazen, Caivin WagsiSff, Mr Starr, or your servant Briggs. I Have asked my-• -self once ,or twice whether it is "within the - range of possibility that-the lawyer Jukes, m Arkvillej with whom'tfee case" was en' trusted by Wagataff, couldliave done the trick. He certainly had the chance, but it seems improbable, though it won't do to say that any supposition, however violent, is improbable. I still hold my suspicions, but it is useless r io repeat them, for they are%without;the means,of veri-, - hcafcion, and since I have withdrawn from f the case I will not embarrass you with any more theories. Wishing you all possible success, I am, very truly, T g * " Oaso.sr Brown. 3 ' Varnum Howard read this letter through with the utmost ''care. He marked in his notebook-the-address of g Soxos, and-then twisting up -the 1 -'missive ~ touched a match to it and flungilintothe grate, watching-ifc-untii naught Uut cashes remained. There was grim^kpressioii on his face as he sat down ih'a thougMful^attitude: ^ "He is considerateenough,to give me a list of persons, otfe'of' whom he "insis is the criminal, but he leaves 'out the name of Orson Brown, -without winch th series is incomplete. He did not care to "wait and meet me face to* face. Traine as lie is in tracing crime, .he knew he would reveal his own guilty secrets in his efforts to turn my belief in a wrong channel. What does he mean ,to do 1 He hgs friends on both sides of the Atlantic, bu lie will trust none of them. By and by he will take, a vacation and cross'the ocean, or he may do it under the pretence of business, so as. to have his expenses paid. He will flithereand^there, -when the way is clear put himself in com muiiIcafcion^ithTthe royal house of Russia or England* or perhaps, with some wealthy man whose fad is' diamonds, and -soil tlx a E/o of .the iSun for ojie hundred^ thousand dollars at -least. Then'he" -wil come home and live out the rest of his days with all the pleasure that*a guilty man can obtain. " But I am not through with him 1" exclaimed,Howard, -with a flash of his fi eyes. " He has set me down as a ninny,- and he had good reason^ but I will have him shadowe'd by some one who "wil know his every movement. If it- takes years and more than the diamond of the Himalayas is worth he shall be brought to justice." ' , It would seem that having settled upo Orson Brown as the thief every vestige o suspicion of others, must vanish. Why should he loek askance at Miss Jfeviljeo his servant Briggs, -who had -risked his own life to save Ms ? , It may bes&idtha; the torturing misgiving concerning the young lady was thg,t she was connected ir some way with th.e miscreant Bazenvd ^if a she did not-,exchange the jewels the failure was because of lack of opportunity^u as in the case of the man. Both held the guilty intent, and were therefore morally guilty. - ' f The most puzzling question was con- : cerning Briggs. Howard must always be grateful to hijn^jbut-he had been incautious enough to reveal thathe-knejirhls master was carrying: with him a worthless paste jewel, when, so far as Howard could recall, there was no way. in which Briggs coul'd kno t the fact that did nota establish his guilt. It was this whichprecluded full confidence in the man and . checked that rigid examination to which he had meant to subject him. " One thing is curious/' continued s Howard. '' Brown directs me to this - crank with the name of Soxos and gua-rantees that he will recover ,the-;diamond ba for me. If he does he,must establish the - guilt of Brown himself, andheis not such an idiot as to open the way for them. It-must be that Brown believes he has " covered his own tracks so well that even Soxos will not -see .them*- but if he n doesn't he won't ^restore the' diamond to me." . ".,., s . .. f ifcThig reasoning in a circle exaspe ;- rating, accompanied as it was by the _ vague thought that perhaps after all h ' himself had lost his bearings, and was again at sea. CHAPTER XLIX. THE MAN WITH THE STRANGE NAME, r, The man with the remarkable name of Soxos occupied two rooms at his offices a e -r—- 5th Avenue, New York City. The first one was fittedup as a sittihg or reception room, while in a largsr apartmen at the back he had his chemicals, retorts* and an infinite variety of .vessels, delicate instruments, and • apparatus, with which he conducted his experiments day after day and sometimes far into the night. When he left for home he carefully locked the doors behind him, and the t janitor never had admission to the rear t room except in the presence of the . tenant. • Varnum Howard knocked on the outer on. door and instantly heard a: brisk step from the rear apartment, which did no halt until a hand was laid on the knob and the door was opened wide. " Step in, sir, I am glad to see you." The appearance of Mr Soxos corres-: ponded with his name.; He was barely five - feet in height, was perfectly bald uround ; and chubby, reminding one of those little pith images, so constructed -or that no matter In what position you place them they instantly pop upright. It seemed impossible that he should eve he down; if he tried to do so he would , bounce to a sitting posture or land upon his small feet. His face was as round and as red as the, early moon and withou the slightest sign of a beard. He had a broad?mouih,with even, excellent white teeth, i a: pug nose, and the brightest of twinkling eyes. He appeared, to be about fifty years old, but had never worn glasses. He was dressed with exquisite taste, his suit being of the finestbroadcloth 'fashionably cut, and without a mark or stain. It seemed impossible that •it was, his working suit, and yet it was, he having the rare faculty of preserving it spotless under all circumstances. " H t voice was as musical as a woman's. Recovering his .poise as quickly as he could, Howard extended'his card. .."-Thank you, but it's not necessaiy, Mr ' Howard; you and I have met before.'? _> The 'impression had been upon the caller that such was the fact, but he could riotj)laee this extraordinary man. \- "It must be so, since you recognise me but I cannot recall the time or place 1 where we met. " "Sit down; sit down, Mr Howard," he said, w^ymg him to a heavy, comfor able chair,, while he dropped upon a sofa opposite, which was phenomenally elastic, or perhaps it was that quality in himself which caused him to " tetet" up and down several times before he settled to rest. So you don't remember me 3" he bean, his face breaking into "wrinkles of mirth which almost hid his eyes. " You are the son of the late CaptL Fitzjamjes Howard of the 84tli Regiment, who died in 1875, and you will be twenty-six years old * on the 11th of next April. You live at Hampstead, m - t the north of London, with your old housekeeper, Miss Hannah Preston. I - presume you are on your way to attend the Columbian ^Exposition, or are just returning from a visit there." "I have just returned," the amazed caller found voice to say ; "yoa seem to have been an acquaintance of my ather." "'L knew him well; one of the fine entlemen I ever met, brave as a lion, and deserving of all the honor he received. hat Eye of the Sun which he captured from that Sepoy when. ,h©, spitted him in'.front of. Cawnpore on the 13th of; July, 1857, is among the most wonderfu ems I ever saw. One of these days, if I ^progress as .1 am progressing now, I shall <-be able to make a second Eye o r ihe Sun", but 1 can never hope to surpass tha1;, for it is perfect." 1 ?This r -iheB, "was the secret of Mr Soxos good humor. He was advancing in the ^experiments "on -which' he'-had been en ts gaged so rloiig. v , "So you don't recall me?" Soxoscontinued. e " How about Boucheron's at the, Palais Royal, Paris, a year-ago last ; d' spring % Don't you remember, my boy?" , And he reached over and struck Howard a resounding whack on the knee with his fat, chubby hand. :It ail came back to the young man with a flashand he wondered that he t did not recall the- acquaintance on the' instant he saw him. It was at the famous establishment of Boucheron, in the Palais -Royal, that the Eye Df the. Sun was on exhibition for 'a fortnight during the, time named. One day, when in that -place, Howard met Mr Soxos"- and chattedTsvith him, though he could not recall that anything abqut-hisiiather "was said during the fefchvenation.JSTeverthe'- less,-it was sirduge that Howard ^should .have l forgotten so remarkable-a man. " You remember me now, eh • "xYes,J[ recali'it now,' and niust'apologise for.forgetting you."' 1 " • " No apologising is necessary ; there's ne nothing in my appearance to fix me in your'memory." - "-If £do not fail in recalling our meeting, only a few words passed between us.". " You are correct, my dear sir." "Was the name of my father mentioned ?" n " Not a word 1 j I made theacquaintance f of your father in Amsterdam, Holland, some years after^his return from India r J was much younger thanjie, but I ha ' alreadybecomeinterestedindiamonds, and t' he had ihe ,Eye of the Sun with him;. He wished to have it scientifically i tested by-the best experts, in Amsterdam, nd there'are uo finerin all the world." " Their verdict was favorable, as I nderstood from*film." "How .could it be otherwise? That diamond of the Himalayas is one of the ew absolutely perfect stones in existence Did you not run risk in carrying it to France last year ?" " No doubt I did, but no harm came to it." " And you took it back home with you ?" " I took it directly there from Paris nd kept it in a large safe at my house. 3 ' "Exhibited it to your friends whenever they expressed a wish to see it ?" I was proud to do so." " How many visitors to your house ince then ?" It struck Howard as singular that Mr oxos should ^question in this manner, ut he gladly answered him truthfully nd fully. " " The greatest safety of the Eye of the un-lies in its size, beauty, and value. Now; what good would it do a person to steal the Orloff or the Regent ? He could ot 'offer either of them for sale, for it would be t recognised. Eis only comort would be to feast his eyes on it in private, and by jingo t" added^Mr Soxos " I've found a good deal of enjoyment in e that." Howard could not help recalling the statement of Inspector Brown concerning this man. If he happened to be in a genial mood he would do most of the talking. He was extremely entertaining, and the caller did not care to break in on t what he was saying. " Which are the most remarkable collections of diamonds, Mr Soxos V' t "There are fourj the firstare the jewels of the British crown in the Tower c of Loudon, where the Koh-i-noor is ^supposed to be." ' "That is the general belief," se Howard, " but very few peeple have g ever seen the Koh-i-noor. That which they suppose is the superb gem is merely paste or a glass^model." "You are correct. The Koh-i-noor is s in the possession of the Queen at Windsor. The second collection is that f belonging to the crown of Austria, the t Schatzkammer at the Ilofburgin Vienna. The third is in the muter Palace at St. Petersburg, Russia. A fourth is the famous collection founded by August II. of Saxony, in the green vaults at Dresden. These are -wonders, indeed, for w ,' there is no jewel mined from the earth .q or found, anywhere which can compare with' the diamond. 5 ' " ~ J > ' The broad, "round" face suddenly" hW^ came grave.-' Mr Soxos-seemed to^be r oppressed by - the" grandeur " foi 5^ihte a _ thought that had come'Hfco" hijpi The head, like' a giafnt bilhard ball;'wagged from side to side, and his ,pudgy little t bosom heaved dfeeply. Clearly he was a believer in^diamonds." "What -private 'individual Has tike finest collection?" • firm you are aware? he was the "owner, of the "famous -Hope blue diamond o forty-four carats. This is between you and me,' added Mr Soxos, dipping over fowards his caller,' but instantly "bob back like the pith image,- " but there is: is good reason to believe that that Hopei diamond is a part of the blue diamond stolen from "the French crown. Ah!* that was a sight 'for you, Mr Howard ! The French crown contained the greates colieefciphofpreciousstoneseverbrought together. The Hope diamond -was re-cut and its shape changed." " Where is the present finestcollection-1" ' , " The Tiffany-Morgan collection at the Museum of Natural Jbiistory in this city is magnificent, especially ' in American gemsj and in the .National Museum in t- Washington are some jewels given by th Imanof Muscat to President Van Buren." "I have taken little interest in any gems beside .diamonds, 'though I know that the genuine pigeon-blood ruby ranks higher. It is generally believed "that Nana Sahib of India carried with him i his flight to the ^Himalayan jungles,' where he perished, the finestruby iii the world," remarked Howard. "That may have been the fact, thoug I am not sure of it," rejoined Mr Soxos. ""The finestrubies come from the valle of the IMoguk. in Burmah. though they now findthem in SiamI The rubies, rather light in coloring, generally with/a garnet or claret wine tint, -but which are wonderfully beautiful by ^artificial ligh are peculiar to Ceylon. A few, up to_ half'a carat, and of clear, ruby colorJhav been found in Macon County* North- Carolina. The finestrubies of to-day are not the ones that have been "recently st mined,,but'are from old, collections. A good -many believe that the largest ruby in the world is in the crown of Catherine the Great in 'Moscow,' but I have examined it and it is nojb a true ruby but gem of the turmaline variety. l; Ah, but the Indian, diamond mines have,produced some marvellous .gems, added Mr Soxos, with * another, solemn wag of his head. " The ,large, light yel f low^diamond, Star of the South, weighing 125 carats, shown at the 1867 Exposition ' is now'the property of an Indian rajah; Those Indian princes appreciate the beau -tiful. - A pale yellow diamond weighin 225 carats after cutting, exhibited by th DeBeers MiriingCompahy, of Kimfeerley ago. ) ffhe Nizam of Hyderabad purchase the Vibtoria or Imperil diamond, which weighed 180 carats after cutting. While it is not perfectly round, it is a beautifji stone of a bluish-white tint. The njost extraordinary fact about the Victorians that, though one of the largest diamonds of modern times, it came to London without a history. While on exhibition . it was guarded by the French police, for -there 'were rumors that the owner of t mine from which it was supposed to hav been taken/would make an attempt to recover it. ' IiTpamejrom one of the Kimberley mineVand was owned by a, Londo | ' syndicate made up, of ,tliirty- two shares. It was found by^oiir naen, ttliree of whom lost their share in it at cards within twenty-four hours after makingtheir grea find." " Mr Soxos," said Howard, with a grim smile, " of late 1 have become intereste in paste diamonds. Are they worn extensively 2" " Among our best people they are no worn at all. A few imitation, pearls are worn to some extent, but not diamonds. " In Europe many people lock up thei diamonds, and wear others ofrpaste." - " That is true, but there iB little of it done in this country. American people take chances, and there are surprisingly fe„w . losses. I saw more finepearls wor d. by American ladies ..dyring- th^ P^aris Exposition than by all lEurope together. This is argreat, market for ijewels,' 'and 1 could give you facts to prove it, as-for instance in the last twenty-five years we have paid duty on nearly 200,000,000 dollars* worth of diamonds and other precious stones. The value of alL tlie diamonds in the world has been estimated at 1,000,000,000 dollars, but it must be . more.-' " Where are the finestpearls found said Howard, leading on his host. "The Iman of Muscat has a pearl weighing 12J carats, through which you can see daylight." It is worth more than 150,000 dollars. One owned by Princess Yousoupoff was sold in 1620 to Philip IV of. Spain for 80,000 ducats, and is now worth nearly 200,000 dollars. The Pope of • Rome on his - accession became the owner of a pearl left by one of his predecessors upon the,throne of the Vatican which is worth at least 100,000 dollars. The Empress Frederick has a nesklace composed of thirty-two pearls, whose value has been estimated at 175,000 dol lars. Her mother Queen Victoria has a necklace of pink pearls worth 80,000 dollars, but that of the Baroness Gustave de Rothschild is valued at 200,000 dollars, while that of the Baroness Adolphe de Rothschild is more costly still. The best judges are in doubt whether to award the palm to either of these or to the Empress of Russia, who has seven , xowa of {Hire white pearls, valued at gqxu thing like 80,000 roubles, but the stones of :which are perhaps less beaut ful tp - the eye. The one belonging to the (?mhd Duchssds Marie has six rows, and cost 180,000 dollars. Mdlle. Posne a sister-in-law of M. Thiers," spent thirty, years in collecting several rows of pearls which cost, her 75,000 ;dollars. The Empress of* Austria has some of th finest black' pearls |n existence. He casket and that of the" Czarina of Russi include the most famous pearls of that olor in the world. But," suddenly exclaimed Mr Soxos, with a sta£t, as if som one had jammed a pin into him, " here I am rambling on in this manner and foretting all about your errand." '" What is that T queried Howard, smiling. ' " You have had the Eye of the Sun tolen, and have come to me to help yo ind it, and I am waiting to do so." (To be Continwd). 