A GREAT IIONG; SOR, THE t MfYSTERX OF BLACH SIOLLOWII GRAN GE. ' .IAPTER XXII.--(Co?soan..j Threading a dark street, with the damps wind in his teeth, and his heart torn with bitter memories, a woman's cry for help startled him. Ht e dashed forward, following the di r rection of the sound, and a few blocks off d in the shadow of a pnroecting roof, he . caught sight of a woman struggling in the hands of a tramp. "You villain I" thundered Sir Harry, making a dive at his throat, but the tramp eluded his grasp and fled, leaving his victim panting and faint with terror. t She was a tall, slim woman, in a flowing mantle of black. r " I hope, madam, that I was in time to sara you from injury?" The woman turned her white, ?frighted face toward'him, and put forth a slender t har.d. S-11I thank you sir," she began, but his cry of amazement cut her short. "Mer.cif al heavens !" he gasped, catch ing at her arm, "am I in a dream, or do the dead come back r' "Sir If arry Tresham I" IIis name broke from her lips in a tone t of startled regret, and wrenchingher arm I from his hold she was hurrying away. t at re she had retreated ten paces he anught her again and hell her fast. She turned on him, her blue eyes blazing. "Sir Harry Trosham, how dare you1 SUnhand me this instant." He only held her all the more securely. t " Iiss T.rvetho I It is you, and alive I Thank Heaven I" His voice broke almost into sobs, so great was his emotion. Lenore stood passive, a smile lighting her pale face. ",Yes, S.r Harry. I see there is no hope of ranning away fromyou," she answered. "lBut what does it meant" he de manded ; "for leaven's sake, speak. Mine Trevethon, only yesterday I saw you buried, and to-night I meet you here." Her blue eyes flashed with a sort of ga.m amusement. " Can you not guess, Sir Harryl I am not a ghost, hence you did not see me buried yesterday." lie caught her hand and kissed it in his rapterous delight. " You are alive I there is some mistake. Ohi, Miss Trevethon, this is the happiest day of my life." She laid her slim, soft hand on his arm, looking up at him with her grave, plead ing eyes. "Yes, there is a mistake-a great secret, Sir Harry which you have found out, and I am sorry. I meant to keep the truth all to nryself, but since we have met, you will keep, of course, the secret at my asking I" "Assuredly. I think there is nothing you could ask of me that I would deny, MI.H Trevethon. But, I beg your par pardon, I do not quite understand." " L.et us walk on together, and I will explain. I am stopping not far off, and being somewhat of a stranger in London, I lost my way in the fog this evening, which aecounts for my being 6at so late. Sir Harry, I am very grateful to you." lie shook from head to foot with ex. citement and emotioi as he gave her his nrig. "rFor what, Miss Trdethon ? Because you have made me the happiest man in England I Half an hour ago I believed you dead and buried under the dreary marbles at Lyndith Hall, and to me life was not worth the living. Now, I look upon ye.ur living fgce, and---" The little trembling hand left his arm, the sed eyes filled with tears. " Sir Harry, pray do not speak in that way," she implored. " If you do I must run away from you this minute, and I am so miserable, so utterly alone, so sorely in ne;l of a friend. Help me and keep amy secret." The rapturous glow faded from his eyest for something in the look of hers :.!d him that the hope he cherished wae a vain one. He Aknwered her like the man lie was. " You shall have no need to ran away from me, M3is Trevethon. And now tell me whiat yoursecret is." " You have surely guessed. I live, and I am not Richard Trevethon's wife." "Miss Trevethon I Then there must have baen vile falsehoad and treachery. Can Sir Geoffrey hare perpetrated this great duplicity in order to secure and hold your fortune I" She bowed in assent. "And you have suffered the world to believe it 1 Miss Trevethon, I cannot understand." "No matter; you understand enough, I wish the world to believe it." lie turned upon her in dire amaze. , "You wish the world to believe it; you intend to let this shameful plot sac :teed. Is that what you mean, Miss rrevethon I"' "' Precisely that, Sir Harry." " And you will let Sir Geoffrey Treve :hon lie to the world, and cheat it with a mock funeral, in order to hold your! wealth? You are willing to give upyour sanec and your birthright, Miss Treve. "Yes, I intend to do all that" tier voice was steady, and the hand on sia arii hty quiet and pulseless. The ?ioung man looked at herin sheer amaze' "Mli-s Trevethan, what can you "Just this, Sir Harry. I could not le y my father's last command and wish ut1 miarry Richmond Trevethon, and: t!ierelby secure to him the fortune which shoull be his;and since they have pl .nied and plotted this immense fraud,: I have no wvish to expose it. Imean that they shall have it all their own way. They and the world believe me dead, and to them dead henceforth I will re main; then thie ortune will be theirs, :and in part, at least, my father's wish will be observed." "Give up your name, Miss Trereth0on -your fortune, everything I By Heaven, it shall not bet Before this time to. morrow all London shall ring with the stiry, and Sir Geoffrey Trevethon shall be dealt with according to his deserts." " ay, Sir Harry; the secret is mine, and at my asking you will surelykeep it Oh, pray, do not deny me the sole kind. ness I have ever asked of you I Help me in this my hour of sore triaL Keep my secret, Sir Harry, and be my friend." "Always your friend, Miss Trerethon," he answered, utterly unmanned by her entreating manner, "but this gross fraud and iniustice should be exposed." "1 ?o not destre It. For omy ake, Sir Harry, you will be silent ?" "For your sake, Mics Trovethlon, 1 would willingly do even more than that. But is the world tolose you utterly ?" "The world can well do without me," she answered, with a mournful smile; it willa scarcelymise me. I shall learve England in a few days, never to return. He caught her hand and held it close, his eyes burning down upon her. "Mias Trevethon, it shall be as you say; I will keep your secret. You shall die to the world if you will, but lire for me. When you leave Enland, let it be I amy dear wife. I asked you onc be ore, and you denied me. I ask you again. Hiave pity on a love, Lanore, which never Swerves, never forgeta, nhethar you live or die. Give up yous heritage I have another for you. IRe. iniah our name and take mine. We farl.r? En-lrnd togethler, and iin some p fufi nd, wtlth every wish a' your heart tI Lenr•,, yru shall learn to love mou earoe, yoa must love me when once vo t Cro '"y wife. Hess no fea.',, hsiiate rio lange1, hut hay your doer hand it Aa tld inmate o, Clll.msess Banevolent Sthotat. H, inine and iay it shall be so." She looked at him with briming eyes. " From my very soul, I wish I could Sir Harry." "You can, Lenore." " Nay, forgire me, I cannot." " And why I" A sudden crimson stained her white face; her head drooped, her clear eyes fell. "Miss Trerethon, I am answered,' mid the young man, gravely. "You lore another." She was silent, burning blushes still mantling her cheeks. He walked beside her, silent also, until they reached the Sdoor of the lod;ing-house. " Miss Trevethon," he said then "you will at least permit me to be your friend. Indeed, I think you asked that much eo me. Now tell me what I can do f If you cannot love me, surely you will allow me to do tomen little kindness for you r' "Yes; you shall keep my secret.' "I there nothing else I' She hesitated, and said with some con fusion: "There is bhut one thing. Come in *'d I will tell you." He followed her into the platn Ittll sitting-room she occupied. "You will think me very childish, very silly, no doubt," she began the moment they were seated, "but cannot help it. I should have been out of E agland long ago but for this feeling oe fancy, or whatever it is that possesses me. Sir Harry, you remember our asumme trip to the Highlands 1" "I do, assuredly." " Well, while there, the day that you and Sir Geoffrey were doer stalking, 1 ran off and went to the Black Hollow Grange.' "To the Haunted 3anor?" "To the Heunted Manor. I had a mind to ask you to go with me, and I wish I had done so. I went alone, en* tered the old house alone, and there, Sir Harry, I saw the ghost. Don't laugh at me, pray, and don't say that I was mis taken. I saw it just as plain asI see you this minute." "And what manner of thing was it; Miss Trevethon 1' "An old man. I saw his face clearly; a fine, pale face, with a long white beard, just like the Trevethon portraits at Lyn dith Hall-" "Did you speak to it r' "No; I'm ashamed to tell you what I did. I got frightened and fainted, and afterward ran away, and I have so bit terly regretted it." "'My dear Miss Treretlon, why ? You surely do not believe in the popular legend that peoples the old house with ghosts? The old man you saw was a rambler of some sort." She shook her head with sad, sober eyes. "Nay, I think not, the face was a peculiar one. You're heard the old story, Sir Harry-the mystery of my poor father's fate r' "I have, Miss Trevethon." " Well, all my life long I have felt somehow that the clue was in that old manor; and now, ever since I saw that face, oh, Sir Harry, I cannot rest day or night. It haunts me incessantly, until now I think that it was my poor father's face. and that he has been shut up in that I ota nouq au tnese years." "My dear Miss Trevethon, that could notbe." "The notion haunts me all the same I must know; I must solve the mystery, or 1 shall go mad. I have thought to gc t again, I was to go last week, yesterday, today, but somehow my resolution always falls mLthe old place is so dese late and-" Qhe paused, a painful crimson flooding r ll er drooping fce. : The young n at r iaded her curiously. "You would like me to go in your stead, Miss Trevethon, and intestigate this mystery 1" She looked up with eloquent eoes. " Oh, Sir Harry, if you would.' "Ill start in the nult train', and i' there's a mystery in the old housg, 1I unravel it. And now, as I've a f#s16fh ried preparations to make, I must bId yo good-evenlng. On my return I sh~Iflint you here ?" - "You will find me here. Sir Harry how ghtll I thank you I" "I'll tell you whn I get back. Good bye l'ias Trevethon." He pt.9d her hind, bowed, and wa gone. "Such a noble heart," sighed Lenore as she watched him down the rain! street; "and I, what a miserable, un wominly fool I am." And sinking down upon a sofa she his her proud face in her hands and wept is shame Cto t eus. OHAPTER XXIII. TIa szeatTr Pasooan. "l ill go hard with me if I fail to fnd some lo6p-hole," he hid said; but search and grope as he might, no loop.hole could he found. Ind at last, after tumbling and falling and bruising his hands against the thlk wplls, be had given over and sat down In utter despair. The walls were solid, an4 there was no sign of door or window, thq ,nly egress being the closed trap door fae above. How many days and nights had gone by he could not tell-ant etrnlty it seemed. He was growing alarmingly weik from hunger, and a fierce pna, ?uced by the dampness, racked his There was but one hope for him, the hoe of death; and the sooner it came Sreleased him from his agony, the peter. ndyet it was hard to die thus, in the n prims of his itanhood; to lie there starve a nd rot in the darkness, apnd ta world nesver know aught of his fate Il lie hebowed his burning temples on his :l ped hands, and a great sob of pain ' despair shook him. 8he would live, .e only woman Ithe adored, and smile in sar ineffable lovelineuo,nndgive hersweet ure 'asses to some happy lover, while he ehauld lie there unlamented, and perhaps inremembered. The thought was very bitter. His bowed head fell lower,und sob after sob shook the otrongman untilhetrombled like a reed. "Heaven have mercy. on me," he roaned aloud, "and if I am to drink this bitter cup, let me drain it quickly I" Something like the sound of a human voice answered him-a strange, hollow sournd that seemed to issue from the solid floor beneath him. Ambrose started to his feet, the per spiration breaking out upon him in cold drops, his eyes glaring into the thick, black gloom. "'What was that ?"' he demanded. The hollow sound was repeated, and after it came a su?ccession of taps. The young mtan stood and listened, tihe im penetrable darkness all about him. "'What' tat lt l" he againt demanded, the tremor of a great Lorror runring through his roice. . The rapping grew louder, a rasping sort of crht followed, and Ihen somen subtle itnstinct warned Ambriao that he w.a: no longer alone! Some living creature was near hii. Never till his dying day did the young manr forget the sensationts of thant m'omont. A horror that wras urtutterable fell upon hiun,andul the very hair on his head senccd to rise. Vhat presence wans it that he felt so near him ? Bylt a great eflrt he com 'n-etd hIis voice. In 'deaven' name, what are you ?" hie asked. A soft a'ep struck the damp floor. " Yo are there, are you t' aniswered d plessant voice; " andtl in utter darkness, too I Why, where's your lanterl1 Put ott by the foul air, thoughl. of course. Wheow I what a stencil, nti, dark as Erebusl One might as \wIll * olop into a grave I. You'ro found the tiune tedious. Queen reviaswed 30,000 troops at Altc.. shot, awhici proved a splendid spectac.. The Coloiels met with a great receptln no doubt, and I couldn't git hi~e 6Wt1 minute sooner." "In Heaven's name, who are yaou' asain demanded Ambrose. "Who am I? Well, King Loeg, at your service, as I told you otce before: I've not forgotten you, Mr. Gerhart; I knew you in an instant. Your face is a very striking one. I saw you when you went down, and I should have stopped you, but I was curious to see what you were after. I didn't think a soul but my. self knew of that secret passage from the death- room. How came you by your knowledge, and what took you down here 1'" "No matter now,"exclaimed Ambrose. " If you are a human creature like my self help me, I beg,to geot out of this hor rible pit." A peal of mirthful laughter filled the vault with weird echoes. "A human creature Indeed I am. Dd you take me fora ghost? I'll wager my head you did now. Ha, ha, hal A fine joke that. No, young man, I'm not a ghost as vet; I'm good for a dozen years to come, if I don't lose my breath before we're out of this. Come, now, give m6 you hand; it is time we were moving." The touch of human fingers thrilled over nerve in Ambrose Gerhart's body with delight. "Heaven bless you, you are human I" he cried, clasping and holding the hand that had sought his in the darkness, "and you have come to set me free." "Precisely, sir. And you may thank your stars that I happened to see you, for no other man alive, I take it, knows the secret of the underground entrance. Come, now, here we are I Softly, softly, step by step. We are going down, you see. We shall get a firm footing pre. sently. If we only had a light" Ambrose permitted himself to be led on to a sort of aperture in the floor, from which a few steps led downward to some subterranean chamber even darker and closer than the one they had left. "Hero we are," said his companion, as their feet touched the ground. "Now all you have to do is to follow me. The tunnel is straight and safe, but it is very tedious. You'll fancy yourself nearing the neighborhood of London before you emerge into the daylight. Once out of this scrape I'd advise you to keep out, for yon have had a narrow escape. If the question is fair, young man, what did bring you down here I" " The question is fair enough. I came down in search of the Mystery of the Black Hollow Grange, and I found it, too." King Lear wheeled round and faced him in the narrow way. " What do you mean?" he demanded; " What harve you discovered I" "Lead ot," answered Ambrose, feel ing for the yellow roll in his breast. "As soon as we strike daylight you shat' know. You forgot that I hare been without food or drink for-Heaven only knows how long. In a few min utes more my strength will give out." In silence the two pursued their way through the black, uidergrouend tunnel. A violent thutider storm and the sum. mer day closing in. Sir Barry Tresham, sitting i his saddle on the lone heath, had his first eight of the Black Hollow Orange. Since his boyhood he had heard of it and of its mystery, and now for the first time his ejfe beheld it. "And that's the Haunted Manor l What p ghostly old placs I And to think that Mliss Trevethoh ventured to come here alone. No wonder she was fright. ened. Ofecourse there's) nothing under the black turrets worse than bats and rats, but it is rather a forlorn old nest to look at. One wouldn't quite fancy sleep iig there such a night as this, with this confounded storm about his ears. I'll defer my itf'estigatlons till to-morrow, and stik shelter in some adjacent inn. To-morrow I'll make a fresh start, and it there's a ghost on the premises, Ill make ts a uaintance. Mia Trevethon's mind shall e set at rest. Softly now, Ratt. ler." But Rattler would not be soothed. The Ihudear peal that shook the hills, and innediately succeeding a lurid blaze of lightning, pado him cower and tremble beneath his rider.- In the next breath, with distended nostrils and flattened ears, fe throw up his head, and darted off at a mad gallop.; "RAttler, softly now," coaxed Sir Barry, vainly tugging at the bit. The horse flew on as if he had gone mad. Across the grounds, through the black hollow, and sheer down the rocky lescent. The wind took Sir Harry's hat and whirled it away; the lightning flashed in his eyes, the thunder deafened him. And an wrent the terrified horse, defying rein or curb. They made the dangerous descent, and the rider had kept his seat; but just beyond the moor there rose a rocky ledge. Rattler leaped over it like a whirlwind, and Sir Henry was whirled over Rattler's head, striking the hard earth beyond so violently that he lay there motionless. The horse flew on across tba windy moors, utterly regard. less of the fallen rider. (To be continued.) 