The Cobbler of Wigge. (Br C. Ac.t.iun CriA.uK.) In the village of Wigge lived a cob bler. The.-c is nothing remarkable in the faot that Wigge, an ordinary sort of village, with the oeuul conglomera tion of houses, trees, gardens, d--gs, cats, poultry, men, women, and, of course, children, should possess a fol lower of St. Crispin ; but such was the case, that wo, e.-teoming veracity as of primary importances, think it advisable to make this point clear before proceed ing further with a narrative in which the cobbler of Wiggie is a leading character. Tin unirl VllQ nttmA WilR .TdVm .TnTlPB everybody colled him John Jones; ? the urchins spoke of him as 'old' Jones; the polite olergyman addressed him as Mr. Jones on Sundays ; and sometimes customers who desired him to make an extra effort to finish a pair of shoes for some special occasion also su.vely oalled him' Mr. ' ; from which it is quite evident that his surname was Jones. As regards his Christian name y we cannot be so certain. He wss not introduced to mundame existence at that spot of earth geographically designated Wigge, and tlnrefore a search through the p iriuli registers kept in a musty vestry at the church of that place would not assist us in deciding this question. But we think there is a good reason for assuming that his first name was John ; for when the voters' list was nailed tothechureh door once a year there always appeared therein the following information, 'Jones John, 2, Hunger - lane,.' Whence it is plain that he lived, and liad a vote in right of being tenant thereof, in Hunger-lane, and at the house which had the number two on its door. How long he had resided there is ' another thing in which a deal of doubt predominates. He certainly had lived there a long while. A few inquiries put to the older villagers would elicit the statomeut that be had dwelt there 20 years at least; some even said thirty, 1 and one old washerwoman, who was noted for always hugging opinions different from those of evorybody else, was prepared to affirm on oath that he had abode there 35 years. Having read the above, . it will be almost superfluous tj say that the cobbler of vVdgge was an old man He was. There was no mistaking nor dis puting that. He had a pale, wrinkled face, with not a vestige of beard, moustasche. or whisker upon it ; and in the upper regiot. of his face were two steel Idueeyes, which generally sparkled very brightly. His mouth was a very small, drawn, and firm one ; and the ?' chin had a tendency ^to upward cur vature. His hair wasBg and he was of . very small stature, 'vfcSough more in/tlinA/1 nnrnnlnnAr rnklV**5.. nffinntlA. tion. Number: two, Hunger-lanejv-.was a little oot with two rooms, one above the other. The lower . one was used for workshop, dining-room, and sitting room ; the upper one being totally sot apart for sleeping purposes. The cob bler generally sat before hie little win dow from, morn till night, doing his best to keep the pedal apparel of the ? inhabitants of Wigge in walking ordet. He had always plenty to do ; for in the first place he was the only shoemaker within a radius of three miles, and in the second he invariably made a 'good job' of whatever was sent to him to repair. He lived quite alone, neither being blest — oroursed, if you would rather — with wife or children. Whether he ever had a wifo or not was a mystery. He had come and settled in the vil lage quietly and unexpectedly, making friends with nobody, and being very re . ticent with neighbours. The woman who lived nextdoor — she was amiddle aged, inquisitive body, and a widow with four children — had once en deavoured to fathom the cobbler's his tory previous to his advent into Wigge, but she failod miserably. It wasonetiue spring morning that she sauntered to his door, intending to lure him into lifting the curtain that hid his past, and she said to him as he busily plied his craft, 'It's a fine day, ' isn't it, 'Mister' Jones ? 'I haven't noticed. ,' he replied drily, without looking up from his work. 'I just felt lonely by my self,' she went on, 'and thought I'd have a min utes chat with you for a change,- so I looked in. Don't you feel lonely by yourself hsre?' 'I've never thought about it,' he ans wered curtly. Quite undaunted she continued. 'I fool mil fiix lnnt.tr* Qinftft mtr /tour 'film died,' — Tom was, or had been, her linsband — 'and I often wish ho were back again with me.' Perhaps 'lie' doesn't though,' paid the cabbler maliciously, ami without, raising his head. This rather ret led Mis- Mopp, fur that was her name, for she had besn a notorious scold, and her, dear Tom' had not had a very pleasant life of it on tli ! whole ; but alio o iuld not tell which way to take the cobbler's remark, for it was rather dubious one, so she let it pasB UDnoticed ; snd after a few min utes silence blurted out quite courage ously, 'were, 'you' ever married, Mi-ter Jones?' With remarkable frigidity he re sponded, 'I never found that I wanted a wife. Whatever a woman could do for me I could always do quite as well for myselF. And I think I have got along much better without a wife than evor I should have done with one. IF I'd bad a wifo she might' — and ho finished upelowlyand with acuminated deliberation — site might have been a widow now with four children, I huviiig sought roliof iti an early grave !' In great rage Mrs. Mopp politely walked away, and communicated the items of her convolution with Jones to an attentive audience of half a dozen brawny matrons, who waxed exoaed ingly indignant over the insult offrrad to their sex in general and to .Mrs. Mopp in particular. . So angry wore they that it is probable the cobb'er would have lust- their patronage f.ir ever in the soleing anl heeling line if there had been any other shoemaker at convenient di-tance. but fortunato ly for John Jone^, there was not-; and they were perforce obliged to send their boots and shoes to him ftr repairs. After thisepiside several other of the village women tackled him. but all met with a sharp, satirical reception, and each left hiin with a l-inging for revenge in her agitated b isoin, feeling humiliated and despised, as wed as repulsed. 'thus it was that John Jones grew to be known as a woman hater, and, consequently, was regarded with very 'marked aversion by till the female portion of tho popu'ation oF Wigge. This feeling was not in any degree lessened, but on the contrary augmented, by the fact that the cobbler did all his cooking, house cleaning and washing for himself. He see-i ed to take a cruel pride in stretching his clothes line across the village street, and thereon displaying the perfection he had acquired in the art of washing clothes, for even his greatest e emies had to admit that no woman could do them better. His house, too, was a model of neatneSB and cleanliness ; and by some strategy or other a loaf of his bake had once been procured and critically dissected and tested by a hastily convened committee of tho village matrons, who were chagrined at being compelled to admit in their inner souls that the bread was as eatable as Anything they could make from Hour, and one or two even felt a twinge of shame as they confessed — but only two themselves — that it was ? 1. L. . . . . — .1 ? 1.1 ? ? ? ? l. uiueu netb.'i bu;in vuwy generally turned out Late in the afternoon this conference of the women of Wigge dissolved, having come to the conclu.-iou that John Jones was a standing reproach to their sex, but not having discovered any m-lhod whereby to alter the the condition of affairs. Several of these women's husbands began to call and chai with the cob bler, and much amused they were by the way he lashed the women. By and by they got to reporting his smart sayings anenfc the gentle sex to the partners of th-ir sweets and bitters, seeming to take a delight in thus tor turing them. Then matters grew worse. Several of the men whose wives wer- careless and slovenly began to allude to Johu Jones as a worthy pattern to follow in housewifery sarcastically d reoting them to take a lesson from the old cobbler, and thus improve themselves cousidcranly. This the women resented, and John Jones became a bone of contention , and, to carry out the simile, h», like, tho bone that is the object of combat ' between the dogs, was the only ono likely to suffer mist in the conflict. He was regarded with great awe by everybody ; the men were mystified with bim, and the women shunned him as an evil spirit. Still they con tinued to favour him with their pat ronage, and he did not mind the.r hate' or indifference. This went on for a considerable period, but at length the crisis cuno, and in this manner : Bill Edge, the village smith, got up one Sunday morning and made the fire; while his wife lay asleep in bed, sb was -her wont. Alter doing this he had a good wash, and then looked round for the change of apparel he was accustomed to every Sabbath morning He f-rnnd the article he granted, but lo ! it had not been sub mitted to the cleansing powers of s -np and water since he had taken it off a a week ago. This made Bill Ed-^e mutter to himself in a very strong style, and as he was thus relieving himself of a deal of superfluous, lan guage, liis wife cimo downstairs, look ing about as untidy as a woman can. ' You lazy -cat !' cried Bill, by way of matin salute. 'What's to do now?' she drawled. 'Not much,' yelled the irate husband, only I've never a clean shirt to put on. What do you do all the week, you gossiping, idle, slatternly ? ' ' You brute ! ' exclaimed the offend ed wife, ' and that's the manner you talk to a hard-working woman like me. This all comes' of that John Jones, T know.' And sbe shook her head sagacious ly- ' John Jones can show you a thing or two, anyhow,' shouted Bill ; ' even the shirt I have on has only one but ton to it.' 'And quite enough for a pig like you,' rejoioed she. Here tho discussion waxed hot and vulgar, and presently words had not sulfieieut force for the war, whereupon Bill Edge forgot himself, and thraBhsd his better hnlf mercilessly, while she retaliated as .best she could, by making ber mark in long, red serat.dies on the face of her lord and master. The struggle grew fast and furious ; two or three womm rushed in and r-'soue-i the warlike «ife from the belligerent husband, and bore her away to a j^eighbi'urshouse'in order to console her anil vilifv ber husband, half the village now being out tq witness the lively proceedings. A consultation of mil- r-nia was held, and a plot against John Jones was conceived snd hitched. Meanwh'ls the clergyman had restored peace to the troubled village, and was preaching a sarmon on matr'mony to a group of indifferent listeners. Monday afternoon came, and the cobbler sut working bv his window as usual. Ere long a woman came in wuh a pan- of shoes, iooarcoly had she entered when, to the great surprise of John Jones, hult-u-dozon other women followed her. into the little shop, amongat them being Mrs. Mopp and the wifo of Bill Edge. Tho cobble began to fell uneasy, and dim, nnooin fortable suspicions rua'ied through his mind. ' What did they want ? ' he quer'el tu himself.. He was not kept long in suspense. Going strait to bus'ness, Mr«. Mopp detailed to htm the in fluence l.e had had on their htiHbind'K and tho other females chimed in with illustrative testimony. Not content witli being a bachelor, they said — not but that any one of thetn wouldn't sooner be hanged than tied to such a brute — not cintcnt with simply keep ing h msolf in a state of single misery, be had had the audacity to preach that men could manage hou-i-work far better than woman, and in proof of thin, had boastingly set biihself up us a i Hximp'o! the' result being that tho young f Hows of the i bingo would not put foot into the' state of matrimony, and those who we e already in it were regretting and sighing to be over the border and out of it In proof of this, a long catalogue of connubial squabbles was gone through, and stitisties of the parish register quoted to show that had not been marriage at the church for nearly a year, whereas t'-ere used to be at least one a month. This state of things, they maintained, was unnatural, and the cobblsr, the cause of it,, was a curse to society; hence, in order to mend him and altrr the condition of affairs, they were going to inflict some chastisement upon him cordorallv, as a means of teaching him to mind his own busines and not presume to set himself up as a man who could keep house better than any woman in Wigge. The cobbler of Wigge trembled, while each of tho women produced from under her apron a stout lea* hern strap ; this article, ordinarily hanging in u prominent place in their houses, being used for punishing their lefractory ohildren with, but now oalled into requisition to teach John Jones how to behave himself with respect to females. ' Strip yourself to t'lfi w -ist-,' 8-iid Mrs Edge, Bternly, 'or we'll do it for you.' Then .Tohn J mes spoke. Hia voice ? faltered, and it was evident he was in . great excitement. ' Spare me that,' lie said, ' and I'll . leave the village forever.' But tlisv wars firm, and would not yield. They took ho d of him and pro ce -ded to pull off his vest. ' For G.id's sake, stay !— hold !' he cried, ' and I'll tell you something.' ' What is it?' they aske.l' in curio sity. , ' I. must tell each one separately,' he replied. A hurried consultation was held by the women, and ultimately, th:-ir'. feminine curiosity oonquerirg ev.;ry ! other feeling,- they agreed that he c -uld ? tell each one separatslyns he proposed. ' Will, ypu. go upstairs then?' he; asked in a weak voice. His face was : pale and had a pained look on it. j The woman- assented. | ' C ime down ono at a time whim I call,' he wenton, 'and thi-n you shall' hear what it is I have to say. j This arrangement was carried out. j The women went upstairs, oame down one by one, and' in the room below 1 John Jones whispered into each ; woman, s ear something that caused her to start, and leave the bouse with a look of great amazement, on her - countenance. ; What it was that he h id told them, | these women, to their credit be it written, never divulged. And nfter wards, when their husband spoke of ? John Jones, they only smiled, and S did not fly into a rage as heretofore, ' at which the inen-uurrelled. But the mystery was well kept, although the | men wondered muoh what had caused I the change in the women's opinion of the old cobbler, j Two years laler, when Johu Jones, according to the fashion of all human fle-h, give up the ghost, tho Beeret came out, and all was explained. j The cobbler of Wigge was, a ' woman ! Who she was, and what had induced her to conceal her identity, was never discovered, although the loo.il papers of the district ' romanced ' pretty freely on the subject, and reok onedti solve the riddle satisfactorily. But the name on the cobbler's tomb- j stone which was orooted by the women - of Wigge — is the masculine one that j Btrange individual had always borne while living amongst them, ' John Jones.' Miss Maud Millet, the popular actress, whose marriige took place recently with Captain Tennaut, is the daughter of tho late Major Hugh \ Millet, who saw military service in India, where his wife's dramatic tal ents were greatly appreciated in iiimitour theatricals. At a very early age Miss Millet b/oamo a member of the Irving Amateur Society ; and at an afternoon reception had the good fortune to be intioduee.l to Mr Hawtroy, who was then arranging the cast for ' I'lio Pri vate Secretary. ' Confiding to Ins hostess the ddlionlty in finding young and charming ni-ti-ssses for the femm- , ine rules, he glanced at Miss Millet, : saying, 'That is just the girl I want.' j On i lie subject bei -g broached to the j lady, who was de-irous of distinguish, i lr.g herself in this dirscteon, the affair was ananged with mutual satisfaction, and through a long run she played the part of Eva Webster. Since then she has played in 'Swebt Lavender,' 'The Two Roses,' aa Mary Rlenkarn, in 'The Middleman,' in 'Sunlight and Shadow,' 'I lie Idler,' 'The Crusaders,' 'The Second Mrs Tanquerny,' otc. ' Bobby : I wish my birthday was not the 22nd of February: Juok : ' Why not?' llnbby : ' Oil ! everyono thinks be cause Geo- ge Washington never tool a lie I ought not to.' 