Cross-Purposes. CHAPTER XXL-Continued. Nan soothed her with the greatest gentle ness while they dressed her; but she exchange-l more than one glance of uneasin.ess with good Miss Weaver during the proceas. The girl's cheeks were burning, her hands as. cold as ice; she shivered more than once with nervousness and excitement, and at last, when they had put on her loose crape. trirnmmd Ilack gown, she burst into a passion of tears as she looked at it, and began to sob and to tremble helplessly. ' Oh, poor grandmamma 1' she said.:. ' Oh, forgive me, dear, for forgetting you, and for thinking of my own happine-s ; forgive me, forgive me I' She was plainly overwrought; kahd'they got her on to the sofa, and l't her lie there for a while, shaken from time to time by a long deep sob. She herself did not know what ailed her. She hardly felr that Miles was so near now; she felt more frightened than anything else. Perhaps it was the con sciousness of her altered looks ; she 'could never account afterwards for her sensations. When at last they heard a cab stop at the door, she still looked so wild and faint that Miss Weaver said hurriedly ' If you will kindly go down, Miss Ltm arque, and entertain Mr. Am.trong for a few minutes, I will stay with Evelina until she feels a little better. I will come down and tellyou when she is able to see him. I am afraid all this is too much for her yet; butr-' ' No, no I' Evelina said, trembling. ' I will see him, Regina, and-Nan will go down now. And, when I have bathed my eyes, I-' Nan hoeitbted for one moment only, atId then she did as she was asked. Evelina lay lay quite still and closed her eyes for a while. Miss Weaver olmost thought she had fallen asleep, for it was late now in the aft rnoon, and this had been a long and trying day for her. But, presently the girl raised her lan guid lids and looked at her ' Regina,' she said, in a low voice from which ill the oxci:oment was gono-' you don't mind, dear-but I think I should like to be by myself for half an hour before befdre I see Miles.' ' Yes, yet, my dear child, to be sure,' Miss ii Weaver answered btiskly. ' It will be very li sensible of you to keep quiet a little longer. d I will go into your bed-room so as to be l within call, dear.' Do,' Evelinasaid, smiling at her ; ' and I l will come and tell you when I am good, as I used long ago when you punished me, you a dearest old Regina ] ' ' Indeed, my love, that was not very often,' Regina protested fondly, smiling back as she passed into the adjoining room. When she was gone, the girl stood up in her black gown and walked feebly but res olbtely is the door. She did not know why she did it, but she felt compelled to go down. stairs and see Miles Armstrong and Nan Lamarque together. It was the first time since her illness that she had walked so far, and her knees trembled under her as she passed down the durky staircase, clinging to the balusters, and unseen by anyone, softly opened the door of the back drawing-room. As she closed it behind her and stood alone in the big dimly-lit room, her heart g tve one of its old wild leaps, for beyond the half open folding-doors she heard Miles Arm strong speak. Oh, what memories his voice brought beck I How it thrilled every nerve in her body poor child I She felt the blood rushing in torrents to her face. Th-n .Tan answered him-it was something about his voyage they had been saying-and there was a little pause, which Nan was the first to break by speaking again. ' I think,' she said, ' thab? velins may tie ready, t see you no w. Per?haps i had better go.and see.' No-stopl' he returned abruptly. 'There is something I must say :fires. - I-I did norexpect to find you here, Heaven knows; but, since we have met--'- THepaused, thea' added,,. in th:, same abrupt harsh way, .' 1 :wonder .whether you think I am going to marry her for her money I ' fThe listening girl felt every drop of blood recede from her face. 'She .drewº herself up quickly, and stood tranisfited with'wide-open eyes and atiaiaiing ears. Nan's answer:o .me steadily, after only a'moment of .hesitation. No,' she said;, ' ,I do not. think that.?i I know nothing' ; but I do notb think that. Why should I ' .','. ' Bee ruse. you know tihat I am not m t rry ing her for love, poor child.' 'Evelina did not' stiro . . It- seeniedto' her y that something snapped suddenly in her d he il ind idfor a moment or two there was blackness like night abubt her ; baI she.did not stir :or make a sound. - - ::? 'Mr Armstrong,' Nan began hurriedly, but he checked her Igain. -''Ah,'.he said sadly, ' what is the :use.of pretence and concealment betwvedn us 'two R Nan, have you . forgotten: that ~day at the. Convent gate' . ' No,' she answered,' I.T told you tllen, though I did not saya word, that I loved you, just as you :told -me without a word that you lovedn me.'-'i Was that trteN, Nan n Let us speak out. thie once to each other, my dear* - A fter to day. we can never speak so .again:: Youn are an` honesb woman, I ihm ni honest man. Neix'er, of us would, bs base:enough to. wrong an innocent girl who is not to blaine foriour un happiness, and whom we both like, -.Lsbus speak to each olbherrplainly.now, for the-last time.' 'Ought we to speak even to- ?ay RI Nan bsad, in her sweet and steady;voice' 'Miles, what.good can come of it ' 'Only this,' he returned quiietly, 'that, though we must be strangers to, each, other henceforth, we need not part `with a- great misunderstanding between us ---you perhaps with contempt iv your heart for the; m-.n you loved that day. Nan, I" went away from you, when we had wished each other good-bye, meaning to be true ti, you and to our love to tha dey of my death. - There was nothing difficult in that. Had we not been lovers since we were bhildren together R and bten years of ahsence4had tliot changed either of u", though we knew that we could never marry I Well, that was the one bit of happiness left to me ; I thought to go on being true to you, never .o think of any or her woman but you ; and I went away with th t thooghb in my heart; and yet a few hrurs labor you hetrd that I was engaged to poor little Eve lina Denno.' ' Yes,' Nan said-' I-I did not under stand st; but I did not doubt you, Miles. You are doing your duty, I am sute, hard as it may be.' 'Thank lhaven for that,' Ilhe young man said, with a break in his kind miserable voice. ' Theat is all I wantled to know, Nan.. Men are vile enough sometimes, I know, and there is no saying what they will not do for money; but, so long as you believe in me still-' ' I believe in you, Miles,' the girl broke in, in her sweat steady way, ' and 1" love Eve- t lina with all my heart. Make her happy, a der ; and then we shall both feel that we have nothing to reproach ourselves with.' r SI will try,' Miles said a ,lemnly. ' Evelina Denne is as sweet and brave a girl as ever p walked this earth. With Heaven's help she j shall never regret out marriage, and she I shell certainly never hear the truth !' Evelina turned in the dark3ning loom and tottered blindly to the door. She had put t both hands up to her breast with a move- .1 meat of anguish, but she could not think yet. She wanted to get back to her room, to keep t Miles and Nan furwn sulsecting that she had overbeard them. But she had only succeeded I in opening the door and getting on to the lInding when she fr't as if she were going to fall, and sdonk down in a heap on the at t' , leaning her head against the balusters. Even if they focod he, there, she thought, with a kind of dull sauisfaction, they will never know. Site wou'd say that she had tried to walk down-.,.,s a by herself and that her strength failed he-. For a moment or two she lost coasciouenaesb, and then suddenly seemed to bhe.r Sir Rode' c!'s voice ard step in the hall below. The girl tried to straggle up on to her feet tben; and Sir Roderick coming up, found her clinging to the' bhlust-rs in her long black gown, white ss a ghost, with wild nohappy eyes, and a piteous smile on her lips. ' Evelina ' he cried. 'My, child, my darling, what are you doing here ' Good Hravenshe~thought, what were they about to let her do such i thing Z The kind voice .pierced through the stupor in Evelina's brain. ; She held out c her hands to him with a breathless sound 'of relief. He would take "care"of her:; he was safe now. Don'b tell Nian,' she said faintly-! Sir Roderick, don't' tell Nain l?And-take me -to my own-room~i ? . n iRe caught her up ini:his. arms, and lifted a hdr as if -hehad been a hab'y. He thouuht . she"bad fainted;,for she iseid no morr, and I hedr'slirn dhead drooped heavily :on: his . breast . Miss Weaver' cams forward from the inner room with a face of consternation is bhe strode into Evelina's sitting room with his .burden. r ' Don't speak to her I' he said hurriedly. r 'S ome water ! She tried to get down-stairs, s and must have fallen, I think.' They laid her on the sofa, and she opened her eyes and smiled ab them. 'Yes' she said-' that was how' it hap. ?pened..: Don't scold me; Regina. I-I won't do it again l And--don't tell Nan--don't tell Nan I' 'Her head droop-di hack among the pillows as she said iti, and then a meroiful'. oblivion came over her 