BUCKLEY, THE m o WHITE MM. The Ra&anay; Convict who lived 32 Ye*rs amomc the Blacks. CHAPTER VIII. !j TRIBAL AMENITIES. (By W. T. Pyke.) These peaceful wanderings amidst tfe lonely glades-of tbe bush were brought to an abrupt termination by the two families tailing ia with a tribe of about fifty iEdividoals. Tlits tribewaiB frie towards them so tbey .joined their forc and travelled with it acress the country to meet another tribe. In two 6r three days they came np with the people they were seeking or h appointed to. meet. Preparations were then uade-for an extensive raid npon the kangaroos which were grazing in large herds upon the lightly timbered plains ia the vicinity. The,blacks divided . their party, and placed, themselves at several vantage points on the confines'" of 'the forest so as tokem in the animals on all sides. They then began making a most horri dittliy beating Aha boshes and yelling \- prey; and gradually closing*m "while, at length forced a" considerable tiumbei .of them into close quarter*, whence there was no escape. Then the work of destruction among the entrapped animals took place. -Spear and waddy \- ware both brought into requisition, and the spot was converted into * veritable shambles, Sonwofthe marsupials ran into the scrub, and this being eet on fire for the purpose, of scaring them out, they toon shared the fate of the others. The jubilant hunters returnedto the camping groundliterally groaning under the weight of the spoils of the chase. Their better halves, during their absenc had not been idle, and in anticipation of the results, had busied themselves in pre paring ovens for a grand roast. These ovens were made by digging large circular holes in the earth, and spreading good-sized stones completely over the bottom, on which they lighted fierce fires, and kept them burning t their lords and masters brought home the game. The burning logs and branches were then quickly taken out, * and the carcases laid on the heated stoneB. The smaller animals were put in entire and qnskioned ; tut the larger ones -were cut np in pieces, ' Over them were then .spread leaves, branches, and sheets of bark toke<*p in the heat, wit the burning fogs and embers replaced o top of all. In these excellent ovens the previsions wer3 cooked in a style tha would gratify the palate of a gonrmond Then a great feast followed, in which a the blacks joined with hearty goodwill and tremendous appetite.. " kjjter they hadi somewhat slept off th . effects of their gluttony, some hilariou spirits among them got up a species o entertainment, which evoked merriment It was supposed to represent the kangaroo hantr—a kind, of pantomime, mimicing the stirring events of the day. As with a modern troupe of stage actor they ^pared no pains to make the repre sentation realistic—to hold the mirror up to-Baince. Their^prepaiationa included their - Bodies ali over ^rith greasing lrt ... ^ of the aoi'msla, then pIentiful!jl>edatrbiog tbem L selves with a, sort of ledochre. . Som small branches were fixedto their girdle in imitation of tails, rnd then ihe fan be gan. Those with the tails bopped abou thb camp like scared herd of kangaroos while those personating the hunters fol lowed' them closely, hallooing ~ and gesticulating wildly as they, pretended to spear them. - Buckley was no less amused than hi black companions, and laughed as loud as any of them. - The -jollity of the-evening gave place next morning to proceedings of qaite an opposite, character. When Buckley awoke he found the camps in quite a commotion, sod Ihe two tribes haranguing each otbgt violently. H gathered, as well as the imperfect know ledge of the language- -be had by this time acquired could reveal to him, tha a gay Lotharia of one tribe bad kidnapped the wife of a member cf the other tribe. or else had- persuaded bet t elope from her liege lord. The guilty pair had been- discovered—hence the tumult. " —" The injured one demanded satisfaction and the restitution of his property. The abductor refused to do the latter, and was quite trilling to oblige him as to former; in fact he seemed rather in clined to have recourse to, tW abitrament of blows and so settle "the little affair,And perhaps the husband at the same time. T!ht interposition of the tribes decided that the woman should r turn to her- husband's mia-mia, which she at once did. The two men therenpbii prepared for the fray, each arming ,.hipaself with a waddy and shield/ - They~ entered the lists courageously, beiiigwell matched, both in sizs and general strength. Wit shield and clob upraised pver-thrbead s as to form a proteptingarch, theyjyarily advanced upon each other. Ihe deeply .set eyes of both men glistened beneath their shaggy "beetling brows in an extremely vengeful manner,' which apgnre it seemed to Berkley, a^atal teimination 'Thfim^MB&f; closed,'and then blow after blow fell with lightning rap dity. Their shields warded off many, bat a sickening thud beard eyew now and then betokened that they were both being severely punished on head And shoulders. The hmnmer-and- tong business could not last lortg, and they Boon began toshoveigns of-exhaustion. TJa blood flowedfreely f ora oiany wounds ii ihe head and : the upper portion of th &ody.; ' When the tribes considered that each .combatapt had had enough for one day, they interposed and separated tbem, and led' them- to tneir different tamps, eac man booking dazeed airid half ooeonscioo and reeling jike a drunken man. The .dad tevtaled to Buckley the bbionisbing and marvellous thickness of fikull possessed by the people he w living witfe. He' knew that any «ne of thei blows which had been show? d_wilb so little fjgeefc upon their black heads would have hod. hi3 skoll open; and to have, jrlaeed hm hor.8 de &mlaat; jn one #8fc Thegay tntoasborlljr- ' took their dvpartma for %ash bunting grounds. Iht inured fctsWnd,as soon as be had recovered a litila from his wounds^/tongbt * ovt bit apouie and be labours^ her with bit waddy in a manner that toadeBoctiey's Wood run cold, alt.tf@ngh Ithe rest of tht encampment txganled ih« «o»jugal correction with ; ia&ifferenaa.; The ac^ua? "to . this love escapade to iplacaV night of two after. The fire bad all gen« out, and the whole camp, was bnriedwa a deep slumber, whaa sad a desly a lend cry awakeusd everyone.' Each man-clutched his spear, and rushed to the spot whencn the-alarm had come Buckley was' one of the firstthere, and, by.th« ndly aid of afin^-slick he had snatched es np, beheld tWktely aggrieved husband trana&ed; through the body with a fcp The poor fellow was writhing in a death agotcy. Thay tried to pull the spear ou ad bat'aauld act, u ihawaapoa was barbed for about six inshsB from the point. He liAg«r«i on till aoming, when death pat an end ta his ezoruciating sufferiafs. His wifa had disappeared ; and this fact told tothe blacks tba whole jptory It was clearly a case of courdw and elope&ent; or abduction. The friends »f the 6eceaied showed ble anack griof, and uttered frightful impr cations agaiast the vila aseasiin and al his relations. - , aiade' for, the faoeral. xno earpatf was taken in. hand and beni~ almost round ; tip kaeet beiog tied close to tk aeck ; and the feet and hams brought together and fastened with the arms straight alongside. Their reason for thas: rolling np the body, and aacariag Ihe limbs, Buckley afterwards learned, was to prevent the ghost of the departed froa arising and reyisiting the glimpseB of the moon.- For the blacks had a mortal dread «f spirits ; and tbey believe that the epirit *f a man recently dead weald work them great harm if he got the ebance to break out of the tomb. The opossum rug which had been hie e, ooreriag by night and mantle by day, was aow hie shroud. With this wrapped -around him, he was consigned to the grave—a hole dug to the depth of three or foar feet in the soft ground. Then his late companions heaped.up the earth over him to the height of two or tbiee feet, and placed logs on top to prevent ill the wild degs from rooting ap the corpse Daring the ceremony, of interment all his male relatives gashed their heads with tomahawks and waddies till the blood streamed forlh - and amear*d tbe faces and beards with pipe-clay and mo The women joined ia these expressions of deep affliction by sooiditng themselve h onthe thighs and etemaofc 'with'firesticks n and also by spreading m«d all Over their heads. The mether of the dead mat wa t espeeially demonstrative in tier grief, he oioane and groan* sounding horribly in li Buckley's ears. Her lamentations were genuine, and for aeveral nights afterwards be heard her give way to her feelings wbea by herself, after all the camp e s had retired to rest. f Poor, eld woman, she was a miserable . and repulsive-specimen of humanity. Her attenuated frame waB shrank almost to a skeleton, so shrivelled inddra vn was the akfn across her crooked bonet. s, She fared werse than anyone in the trib - beiag looked opoa rather as a burden. Her nloihea cantisted oNan old dilapitated opouam akin. Almost blind and imbecile, aone bat the ehiidren seemed evsnfcaaotic* J»ar: orto gi vebe rs paseing thought. &r;^oottrinct to these .was kind and sympathetic, and ske often e rendered then ppeli alight services as w s within tke r«n|;e of her limited-powers. \- t Her oaly requital was a permission to live, ; er rather, just to exist upoa the - very refoBe of the -food. But she took her hard lot as « matter of eonrs*, patiently and uncomplainingly. Several mn of the tribe set out on the s tracks of the murderer, but returned before night without having accomplished their object. This man by his daring and dastardly conduct had thus embroiled the two tribes in an enmity .only to bs assaaged by the spilling of bis blocd or the blood of onn of his own tribe. 1 e Aa Baekley afterwards learned, the -blacks always held the whole tribe respo sible for th« aetions of auyof its members. Blood for blood was ene of their t laws, and if they conld not bring the actual-delinquent t* punishment they o always endeavoared to wreak their vengeance upon any of his relatives, father brother or sob, or hiliagjbbentjtBj of < his tribe would do, they weWtiOt very particular so long as they could in some such way conpeniate themselves for the injury dene. It waB some months before Buckley' party again came across the path of th tribe, and then the trouble commenced anew. Spears, clubs and boomerangs were brought into requisition and a grea battle was fought, at least from an abo e- ginal point of view. Revenge was satia ted by -the killing of the murderer's brother and the wounding of his mother, but the actual culprit escaped uaharmed Shortly after this vicarious sacrifice to justice or vengeance, Buckley witnessed another duel between two men of his h tribe. Like the other affair of honor, o was , brought about by the faithlessness of a woman, or the jealousy of her husband,-be knew not which. \- The quarrel began in a wordy way* between a black who was the lawful own d of three wires, and. a. joang spark who possessed none. ~ The very much married man ppeDed warlike pi^wedht^S m a ^bmog^s dub towards i- the other and than bending M bedy down with his bands on his knee and in this attitude invited the other to strike hist on the head. The younger man pieked up the elab^raised it in the air. and brought it down with consider able foroa on the proffered skull. The e blow caused the recipient to reel, bit h n soon recovered, aad then teek np the e clab wkich the other man had fiangen £he ground. Following tht> example o the elder, the youager man .now ia tar postured himself with his head bent forward aad received a dose of the SSB h fnedieine. This carious give-and-take s, duel lasted till the younger man was felled with a blow that knocked bi<n st Tkere he Jay ior »ver *n hour, and Buckley though! that he was dead. Bu as at the end of that time he slowly sai np and by ihe evearag had completely recovered, and whst astonished Buckley , more than any things there did not appear to bamuf malice %orae bstweea th two" late antagonists. In fact/Iike a coople of scboolb^s after • bout of fiif caffs,. j^lpmw'th^lil^.^M^'jto fife JJiB«ttffl!,^?- ..'f^ i-i 'V 