' A GOOD SOLDIER OF JESUS CHRIST.' ' The weapons of our warfare are not of the flesh.'— 2 Cor. x. 4 (R. V.). Part II.— OUR WEAPONS. (Rev. Pbbcentob Sutton.) The Church is militant here in earth. She is a fighting Church. Her members are all soldiers, enlisted in their Baptism to fight under Christ's banner, with a warfare to accomplish, and with weapons wherewith to accomplish it. As all are priests within the Church, so -all are soldiers. But as in the priesthood there is a higher degree and a lower, so, although all must be good soldiers of Jesus Christ, some must be good officers. As a junior officer, I speak in all humility to my brother officers, praying those who are my seniors in age and exDerience to bear with me. and those who are of mv own rank to learn with me. Here we eit in the quiet of this retreat; we have thought of the campaign; let us now take down our weapons. and sharpen and furbish them; let us see to the weak places in our armour. The warfare is the Lord's, and the weapons are of His providing and of His own using. We should not minimise the great ness of the warfare, neither should we fear for the stability of our weapons. At our ordination we received our official commission, and at the same time the weapons to be used were placed in our hands. To speak of them all now would be impossible. I will therefore select four. As in war the science of defence is developed as well as the science of attack, we will think first of two weapons of defence, to be used in time of peace, in preparation for attack ; and then we will go on to think of two weapons of attack, to be used in action. But to pass from the figure to the reality, we will think of the subjects of devotion, study, teaching, and dealing with individuals. ? I. Two Weapons of Defence. 1\. Devotion. — The Bishop once asked us, ' Will you be diligent in prayers and in reading of the Holy Scriptures ?' At the same time he charged us, as we have need, to pray earnestly for the Holy Spirit, and to be studious in daily reading and weighing of the Scriptures, and all this because the ministerial life is not a thing to be prepared for by a year or two at college, but is a life which must first take in before it can give out. We know that work pushes out prayer, but we know that work does not make up for prayer, and we all know the worth of prayerless work. It is a sad inexperience that objects to devotion as a pious idleness. Devotion is a weapon of defence, of preparation for action. Pray daily for the power of the Holy Spirit in the words of the Veni Creator. We must give to devotion its own time in our daily routine — more, of course, than the ordinary devotions on first rising. Any ordinary Christian does that. More is required of us than that, just because we need more. Most of us have read with shame how holy men have spent long hours in prayer ; how the Lord spent whole nights in prayer; how S. Francis experienced an almost overwhelming joy in communion with God ; how Fletcher of Madeley feared that prayer would become more of an indulgence than a duty because his delight in it was so great. There is no need for us to strain after an ecstasy which may be unnatural to us, but we must check the first feelings of irksomeness in prayer. This weapon must never be laid aside. Simple, regular, earnest prayer is a great weapon of defence ' against the world-rulers of this darkness, against the spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places.' If we want help in learning to pray systematically (as some of us do), there are those excellent scriptural manuals of Bishops Wilson and Andrewes. One has said, ' Pray with Bishop Andrewes for one week, and he will be thy companion for the residue of thy years.' Both Walsham How and Gott recommend Bishop Armstrong's Pastor in Jus Closet. But above all, I would plead for (1) the regular private use of that spiritual weapon of the Church's own providing, the Daily Office of Morning and Evening Prayer, if it is not said in public ; and (2) unfailing daily intercession for all for whom we ought to pray ; and let us give to intercession its proper time in the day where practicable, as one I knew used to do, devoting the first half-hour after his midday meal to this important work. ' When your ministry fails, your prayers may prosper; and when it prospers, this will be the secret of its success.' 2\. Study. — How can we neglect study when we said at our Ordina tion we would endeavour by the Lord's help to be diligent therein; when we were charged, ' Consider how studious ye ought to be' ? We cannot teach if we do not learn. How can we ' banish and drive away all erroneous and strange doctrines contrary to God's Word' ' if we do not know them when we encounter them. We may hear about them from others, but we cannot judge them unless we can test them by what we know of the true doctrine. The officer must be acquainted with modern tactics ; he must know all about ' the shift ing conditions of warfare.' Blunt, in his Duties of the Parish Priest, devotes three whole lectures to the ' Beading of the Parish Priest;' and Dean Burgon, in his Treatise on tlie Pastoral Office, devotes the first four chapters to the ' Studies' of the clergy. We cannot all become learned men, but we must be well-instructed men. The recent Lambeth Conference, in its 61st resolution, commends to the consideration of the proper authorities the report of the com mittee on 'Degrees in Divinity,' 'with a view to their taking such steps as to them may seem fit, to meet the need of encouraging, especially among the clergy, the study of theology.' Our own Aus tralian College of Theology has provided both an incentive and a plan for systematic study of sacred subjects. Bishop Walsham How recommends a threefold division of study — (1) Holy Scripture ; (2) one of the old Fathers ; (3) one of our standard English divines. Dean Gott gives the Church seasons as suggesting a line of reading as giving a special force and devotion to their own subjects. Another plan would be— (1) Dogmatic Theology; (2) Holy Scripture; (3) Apologetics ; (4) Position and Principles of the Church of England. The two last are often the weak points in our defensive armour. Are we fully equipped to stand up before the professed unbeliever, or the first Koman priest who attacks us ? I do not say are we qualified to make the attack, or even that it is necessary to make the attack ; but are we able to act on the defensive ? We cannot afford, nowadays, to undervalue historical knowledge for defensive purposes. This is what the Bishops at Lambeth said of Archbishop Benson—' Up to the last moment of his life his thoughts were given to the defence and mainten ance of the principles of the Church of England. ' There is not a break anywhere in our Orders, Sacraments, Creeds, Scriptures, Spiritual Gifts, in all that compacts and frames the holiness of the Catholic and Apostolic Church of the ages.' These were his last words, written just before he passed, in the act and attitude of worship, after the early Eucharist, through the confession and under the very utterance of the absolution, to receive the seal of the Divine favour and forgive ness.' Let us regard our studies, not as a luxury for idle men, but as a duty for our own and our people's profit, allowing no interruptions to be our excuse, ever striving earnestly to know more of God and His truth. 'The knowledge of the priest,' said S. Francis, 'is the eighth Sacrament of the Church.' If we neglect to study we are as culpable as the sentry who leaves his post, and we must expect the enemy to have the advantage over us. We pass on to consider — II. Two Weapons of Attack. 1\. .Teaching. — The Master was called AiddaicaKos. ' He opened His mouth and taught them.' The servant must be as his Master — a teacher. St. Paul emphasizes this phase of the pastoral office — 'Give heed to teaching ; take heed to thy teaching.' The servant of the Lord must be dtia/cri/cbs, a didactic man. The Ordination Service follows the Pauline example — ' Have in remembrance into how high a dignity, and to how weighty an office and charge ye are called — to teach the Lord's family. Are you determined to instruct the people com mitted to your charge ? teach the people committed to your care and charge with all diligence ; banish and drive away all erroneous and strange doctrines.' We have prepared for this by study; we have taken in that we may give out ; we are now armed for the fight with ignorance, inherent or assumed. And people do like to be taught ; they like to be told something they did not know before, even if it is only from the love of possessing information. There is an existent craving for instruction, and if it is unsatisfied it may pass away as unsatisfied cravings sometimes do. People do not want in the pulpit what they can get in the newspaper and magazine, and get it better there; they want the Gospel, not one little bit of it, but the whole Gospel ; and to preach the Gospel is to teach the Gospel. Think of the sermons we have heard, think of those we have preached— how much teaching was there in them ! Are we going to lose our opportunity, or are we going to use it ? The best way to ' banish and drive away all erroneous and strange doctrines' is not by exhorta tion or abuse, but by teaching the sound doctrines. And what splendid opportunities we have. In the pulpit a hundred sermons or more every year; in the public catechizing; in the schools on Sunday (would that I could add — and week days) ; in the preparation for Con firmation of children and older persons ; in the communicants' class, where we might, like the late Dean of Lincoln, succeed 'in attracting and holding together for years in regular monthly classes' our communicants; in the teachers' preparation class, and where can the influence of that class be said to end? in the Saturday morning class for scholars in boarding and other schools ; in the quiet instruc tion of the solitary confirmee or seeker after truth. What a weapon is teaching, mighty for the fight with ignorance. Only there are two things we muBt do — (1) We must take the trouble to be able to teach ; and (2) we must believe the truth of what we teach, and teach nothing as the truth until we know it for ourselves as the truth, if we are to speak for God as before God. The last weapon to be spoken of now is — 2\. Dealing with Individuals. — Again I say, the servant must be as his Master. Keadily you will recall the Lord's dealing with the individual enquirer, sinner, doubter, mourner, and so on. In the Ordination service we are told to use private monitions and exhorta tions, both to sick and whole, and to minister the discipline of Christ. We must start at the very beginning with a love of souls. If we have not that we shall either undervalue our ministry to individuals or find it irksome, and in consequence neglect it to our own great loss, and to the eternal loss of the souls so neglected. Pray for the love of souls, for the love of each soul, for the sense of the preciousness of each soul in God's sight. Having that, we can go on. The work is important, not only because of the individual himself, but because he is bound to influence others; and so, in doing him good, we do others good. (a) First of all there are those who seek us. One is a sinner suffering from an awful spiritual disease, for which we have the remedy, and the only remedy. We must be very faithful to God and the sinner; we may be as sympathetic as we can, but we must be as faithful as we ought; sympathy may be joined with reproof, but the love for the soul of which I have spoken will supply the sympathy. Another is a doubter; with him we are patient; he is a doubter, and therefore not an unbeliever; he must not be treated like the penitent sinner. Another is an enquirer, holding to the truth he has, but anxious to see into the hidden things of God. God grant that we may have gone far enough ourselves to be able to show him the way. Another is a mourner, anxious for comfort ; again there is scope for the exercise of sympathy. God grant that we may have known something of suffering and sorrow ourselves, that we may have the power to comfort with the comfort wherewith we ourselves have been comforted. These are the ones who seek us. But to use this weapon to the full we must deal with (h) those we seek out ourselves. We shall find them in our house-to-house visiting, in our travels, in those final Confirmation interviews, in those invitations to the parsonage. We want to speak to that lad ; we know he looks upon us as a friend; let us get him out for a walk. There is a great power to be had over a young fellow when our arm is through his; we have his confidence, we are his friend, we can do what we like with him then. In concluding these thoughts on dealing with individuals I would venture to ask whether we have fully availed ourselves of the opportunity letter-writing gives us of influencing individuals. Some are more powerful with the pen of a ready-writer than others, I know, but I am sure there is many a confirmee, or choir boy, or teacher, or parishioner, or communicant, who has been saved from falling away by the promise to keep up a correspondence with his old clergyman, and the knowledge that such a lapse must come to his knowledge sooner or later. Only the trouble is to fulfil our part of the bargain. But to have helped one soul in any way is to have used for good one of our weapons which ' are not of the flesh.' This is the side of pastoral life which makes it so hard to leave any post one may be in. There is no wrench in leaving a crowd, but there is a wrench in leaving those individuals, many or few, to whom one has become attached by spiritual relationships. But ' to have kept back the tide of sin only from some one soul ; to have lightened the weight for another ; to have lit up one more beacon -light, that travellers towards heaven might feel less lonely: this alone would be an exceeding great reward.' If I concluded now I should lay myself open to the charge of having left unsaid the most important thing of all. We have thought about our weapons, but what about ourselves. ' A good soldier of Jesus Christ'— that is our general subject. There is something else to be put on as well as weapons: 'Put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ,' that is, as your uniform. The Christian soldier may have weapons ' not of the flesh,' but to wield them with power he must himself be ' not of the flesh,' but of the spirit. Spirituality must characterize our devotion, study, teaching, and personal dealing, but it must be the very life of ourselves. We must be spiritual to pray, to study, to teach, to dealf with souls with any hope of effectual result. We must have learned the value of our own soul first, and seen to its salvation. There is a story of Origen, who, when soon ? after his excommunication for having sacrificed to the idols he was requested, and in a manner constrained, to preach at Jerusalem, opened his Bible at Psalm iv. 16: 'Unto the ungodly said God, why dost thou preach My laws?' and was so overcome by the remembrance of. his sin that he closed the book with tears, and melted the- whole congregation in sympathy with his sorrow. We must take heed unto ourselves before we take heed unto the flock or the doctrine. I take it to be the object of this meeting to gather help for service and to promote personal holiness. Surely this is a holiness meeting. Our warfare will be accomplished, our weapons will be effectual, just in so far as we ourselves are good soldiers of Jesus Christ, Whose is the warfare, and Whose are the weapons. We need character, but we need consecration — that is, we need power. Gibbon says that the unbelieving world fears the virtues of the clergy. Archbishop Trench says that the great question at the Last Day will be, not ' How much hast thou done?' but ' What art thou now?' To-day the question is not, 'What art thou doing?' but ' What art thou in thyself ?' The promise was to meet the need : ' Ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you.' Hence, at Ordination, the need being so great, the gift was com mensurate with the need : ' Eeceive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest in the Church of God.' Because I can have no better conclusion for my paper, I take the liberty of closing with the final words of the second paper read at last year's devotional meeting: ' The early Christians tarried until they were endued with power from on high. Then they went forth in the path of conquest and blessing. To us belongs the same equipment. Possessed of this gift, our labour will never be in vain, our message will be a message of power, our ministry will be a ministry of joy, our harvest will be rich and abundant.' 