UOCKHAMPTON. THURSDAY AUGUSTS. 1897. THE INVISIBLE WORLD. Among the revelations, which modern science lias made to mankind, is the world of invisible beings by which we are surrounded, and tho influence they have on men's lives. The belief in spirits, space peopled with legions of unseen beings, sorr.e benign and some malign in their supposed relationships to human creatures, is common to our race. Not many centuries have elapsed since the intercourse between denizens of the invisible and visible worlds was understood to be much more direct and material than at present. Earth, air, and sea were thronged with creatures of a spiritual and invisible nature. Fairies, elves, and goblins ; nixes, pixes, mer- maids, trolls, leprechauns, brownies, and kelpies were spoken of as realities. Demons, warlocks and witches were endowed by the Father of evil spirits with supernatural powers, which en- abled them to skim the stormy mid- night seas in eggshells; or, mouuted on broom-sticks, sail on the wings of the wind. Contemporaneous with a belief in such invisible entities was a dread of them. Diseases were accounted to be due to their malefic influences. The criminal annals of European countries contain records of the trials of persons, who were accused of having purchased the aid of ghostly comrades, in order to inflict injury on some unsuspecting and perhaps unoffending neighbour. Not only were human beings, but animals, subject to their arts. Among the com- monest operated upon was the house- hold cow. Without visible mark or sign she was elf-shot ; and the proof of this appeared from her going off her milk, dwining away, and dying before her calves could be counted on the hooves of one foot. Women have been condemned by courts for bewitching cattle. Of a certain young woman, who was a distinguished member of a dancing assembly in the West of Scotland one stormy night, it is related : " Many a beast to dead she shot, And perished many a bonnie boat, And shook baith meikle corn and heir, And kept the country side io fear." Science, while laughing at the idea of powers for good or ill being attributed to such creations of the imagination, has revealed the existence of a material invisible world of creatures, whose powers excel all that fear or fancy has ever attributed to those of whom we have been speaking. Far as are the distances in space to which the human eye may penetrate, and numerous as are thc worlds revealed by the aid of the telescope, they are not more distant from ordinary ken, nor more infinite in number, than the inhabitants of tile in- visible world around us, not only in earth, air, and water, but even in our own bodies. Though invisible to the naked eye, there is a world revealed by the microscope, whose inhabitants are more numerous and more powerful than those of the unseen world of goblins and ghosts, and yet are of material sub- stance. At short recurring periods our atten- tion is culled to this invisible world by the action of some of its inhabitants, because science has told us most of the diseases, to which men and animals are subject, and which were wont to be attributed to evil spirits, are due to the former. One inhabitant of it has recently been causing our stockowners great apprehension and alarm ; we refer to the protozoon, Pyrosoma begeminum the active agent in the production of tick fever and redwater. It is one of nature's mysterious inhabitants of the invisible world. The beginning of what is known ns life is dim!v Doreen tibie in matter called protoplasm. In its simplest form it is not organised, but possesses the power of assimilat- ing other matter, and diffusing itself. Science has not been able to reveal the mystery of protoplasm, and life, which is associated with it. The simplest forms of living things are little more than atoms of protoplasm. The Pyro soraa is one of them. It is an animal, as appears by its consumption of organic matter ; and it consists of a single cell. Organs of sense, motion, and reproduc- tion cannot be distinguished in its con- struction. Protozoa congregate in masses, but the cell is the individual. They are included with bacteria under the general term micro- organisms, though the amount of organisation is indistin- guishable. "What may be called the domestic economy of the hosts of this parasite are familiar io us. So far as we can understand, thc first of those is tho cattle tick. How the latter acquired the Pyrosoma we have yet to learn. Whether it is transmitted from one generation to another may be difficult, Ui determine ; we have not seen mention made of its having been dis- covered in the egg of thc tick. When the tick is hatched from the egg in its larval state it crawls op a blade of tall I grass, to improve its chance of laying I hold of some living thing. It remains inert, but hooks ou to a passing bullock at the first opportunity. There it regales itself with mammalian blood, takes a mate, and fulfills its life mission. During its residence upon the bovine host it pays for its board by transfusing into its circulatory system the Pyro soma. Whether the tick does so - intentionally or inadvertently we have no means of knowing. From its home in the thin, cold-blooded tick, the parasite has no trouble, seemingly, in getting acclimatised in the thick, warm blood of the bullock. There it increases after its kind-by fission probably ; one animal divides spontaneously into two ; two into four ; and, by a calculation in arithmetical progression, it will be seen the number may soon breóme incomprehensible. From a diet of tick blood the change to bovine blood seems to have an enliven- ing influence. The protozoa feast on the red corpuscles, and thus produce a change in the condition of the mammal. It becomes feverish ; and in multitudes of cases the mortal malady of redwater supervenes. At present the course of descent seems to be from ticks to cattle : cattle without ticks are unaffected. What becomes of the parasites wlien an *? animal host dies there is room to inquire. The vitality of micro-organisms can in many instances only be arrested by a temperature above boiling point or below freezing ; but then, in some in- stances, death does not follow. Even with the aid of the most powerful microscope it is impossible to trace all the movements of the denizens of the invisible world which science reveals to the industrious and persevering few. While reference to these elementary facts in the life history of the denizens of the world of invisible forms by which we are surrounded, may serve to attract 4! attention to the interesting lecture given by Mr. Pound last night, his dis- course should quicken the minds of all to the realities of the present, which have superseded the fancies of the past. The pestilence which walketh in dark- ness is not an emissary from the pit, but a micro-organism. It is a living creature, insensible to exorcism and anathema, but quickly susceptible to material agents, directed by scientific skill. In our modern invisible world, as in that of imagination and romance, there are creatures whose powers are exercised for the benefit of man-at least he turns them tonis own advantage. Among the most newly discovered of these is the bacteria for ripening cream. This precious liquid, when left exposed to the open- air, is subject to invasion dy all sorts of micro-organisms : germs of typhoid, diphtheria, dengue fever, and other .diseases are apt to pop into the cream crock, and there, fester, to the after peril of the 1 consumer of butter. Kow the scientific dairyman, when he has his cream ripe, - beats it to 158° or 160* . and^ thus destroys the micro-organisms-at.leasta great majority of them. Then he intro- duces a culture of cream containing germs which are not only harmless, but improve the toothsome -quality of well-. made butter. The subject is one on which much more might be said, but these ' remarks, we doubt not, will suffice at present to arouse increased interest in the living inhabitants which science has revealed around us, in the invisible world. Testimony to the pitch of etoellence, which organisation and ad ministration have attained in the United Kingdom-or may we say in the British Empire-is to be found iu the fact that the Jubilee Demonstration in London passed off without loss of life, or serious accident of any kind. The utmost pre- cautions were taken to prevent these. How well thc thoroughfares were kept appears ' from the descriptions in the press. Tbe local authorities took part in the work. Not only N were the police on duty, but the fire brigades were stationed at various points to render ' help in cuss nf organised assistance being re- quired. Hydrants were opened in side streets adjoining tho route of thc procession, * i and water was provided for the thirsty mul- r~ titude. Only by forethought and strict*- ) attention to points of detail could such an*"^, / achievement form subject of satisfaction. Vet '/ there was one accident, notable because of i, the incident io which it gave rise. Justas \ Her Majesty was approaching Buckingham Palace, on her return from Hu Paul's, two men who had been perched upon a tree to command a view of tho pageant, fell to the ground. The Queen saw the occurrence, but there was not the slightest interruption to the movement of the procession. As soon as she reached the Palace, however, an attendant ' was at onco despatched to inquire if any of the men were seriously hurt, lt is the kindly and spontaneous sympathy, manifested in the lowliest of her subjects, which bas endeared Her Majesty to them all. Her thoughtful consideration has been emulated on the occasion of the Jubilee Demonstration by Her Majesty's Ministers, and all in official positions ; and whilo the Queen will be pleased, her servants aud subjects may be proud. The " uncharted rock " which hat eo often caused a calamity on our Australian coasts is ' to he credited with the loss of the Tasmania. Winter time finds the New Zealand seas storm-swept at one time, and enveloped in fogs at others. Navigation is peculiarly dangerous, but the passengers by the steamer had no cause for immediate apprehension Tile vessel was one nf the best of the fleet she wsB in fine trim, well-fitted, and ad- mirable in many ways, Her captain is an experienced, able, and popular tnan. His em- ployers on the Company's directorate, apd among the public, had full confidence in bim, and that he merited it has been shown by the manner in which he managed matters in the trying circumstances of the shipwreck. The weather was stormy and thick. Captain M'Gee knew the course to follow, but when darkness closed down and hurried navigation, attended with danger, ho slowed down, preferring the safety of his ship, crew, and passengers, to temporary applause for having made a quick passage. When he found whore he was, to obtaiu more searoom, he turned towards the open sea. Then it was the peak of uncharted rock stood in the way. Upon it the steamer suddenly struok, and immediately began to till witli water. Calm and cnllnuud the cap- tain issued his orders about the boats, Theseç were obeyed, and all nu board-not withou difficulty-were transferred to the boats. In the tempestuous seas near the land one of these was capsized, and its occupants lost their lives. Courage and heroism were displayed, but these and most strenuous efforts failed to ave life. It ie harrowing to read of the brave fallows getting «heir feet on the land, but being dragged back by tho sweep of the surge. While we mourn the loss of gallant men we may take consolation from the faot that their fate will be the salvation of others. The un- charted rock, which has boen the cause nf the disaster, will no longer be hid, but will be charted, and probably buoyed io future. 