, Califoroia's Cate Beai% Tfae most fsmonshnoter in Soufoern California Is Hank Saymond, who vows that Tor gennine smarfoesa 'and k.611 'sabs' foB bears df Sau Jaclofo indua- ttihe are by long odds foe foremoft In foe state. He ought to know' - what be is talking abont, f or he faas huhtad And trapped cantihnonriy sip and dosfo foe Rockies -and. the foerriu'tinaB heTtit fo£ umyjn l8fi3. .This oeason is dim of; tin most nutable in' years for bears in California. Tb.eye hto, been; fooft' sap ply, of bear, food in'.' the -'mountains and foe beasts have to rattle hard; for a living. They are therefore bolder and more aiarioae. fosh .fonij' raided jpig pita riose on tta.outdtaof the jnonnttin hamlete give ample testi mony. - " 'Iliad beMfaesxingforsome sreeke,' said Hank Raymond at foe rmhhad-fita- tioo to Pcmooa tho -otoer day, how toe blaokhears have beengoihglorpigvaiid' as Iltim getiug-a Bttie'fod to fadnt 'toA extra care to/see toatmy tsrenty porkers and tittare of -sqneaien ' were -lit." all: ' aboqt.taaraV ways and topuld kei - foe cuBses ont of my jags easy enough. . My >eau Jdhn-and TiwurkedatfanKding- a tpiokhte as fioehB- needteewnd foought -hiditaTn wdufo. ta. to 'itiimfa \- aUeio,orowl cerorrotofoeft»eua «niifo pig wonld not be stolen, my son John went to toe trouble to pnt onr big dogs - oot there in one of tbe big pen atoight. Bill Ellison, who rant a sheep ranfo farther up the mountains, .came along and said that he wonld bet hie life no hear, wonld get foe best of ns' after all foe preparations we bad made to kfop foem out, bnt " he allowed foat' fbr cute- nees faexievBr saw foe like of foe San Jkrinto black bears this year. " ' . .. ' Well, John end I saw lots ofdgosojt bears around onr plaes for fores or JFmir aj weeand I saw two clnnrami tSpi" myself, bnt onr pigs were all adu I felt gepd and went down to Perris twioe-. to see wbat X conld get' for my 1porkf nvbsp ready for market. - Iitoiottim.. about $150 sore. Bight in foe mutw' of my calculatioos John found one morning that one of the 5-months-oid piga wis gone. We looked foe pens and pickets over, and saw no way for/ foa . fellow to get out. A few nighte after we lost a laige sow, and again we looked . in vain for a way for foe porker to get out, . Then we began to lose a pig every . other night, and one night when John and X had to tit up with a sick miner five miles away from borne, we lost three pigs, and there was oot bo moch as a scratch to show how". foey got away. We didn't know what to do; and you , never saw eqch parried men as. jobn aud i were. In three week more we had lost six more of our pigs. We felt blue. > 'John and I made more examinations of por" pens.. It beat as how bearaqosld get" in and out of that ocoai with pig in his pawa. The fencs wasall op; not a picket was loose, and tbe poiuta wen as eharp as ever. I had sat cp. pretty lata several times to watoh foa pens, tat now J decided to make" an all nteht job t»f It' I went to bed In the after noon and snored away until plumb.dart ' when I got op, loaded my rifle for foe beat, and hid behind a log about sixty yards from my pig corral. ' The" moon came out about 10 o'clock from behind same cloqds. I pqt jq ja good deal of tfae nigbt bobblng my head ; up from tabind tbe log, but no pig steal- ghosts, po hungry hunters, no neighbors, no anything ever showed up. ' Along about 1 o'clock in foe morn-, ing X saw a big black bear come ambling, and sniffing along through foe chapparat. ' Then name another bear; granting at foe three cubs of about 5 months "old with her. Tbey all seemed foe most contented party— X7 have .ever seen in these hard times. ; I conld eee plain frpm their actions font they knew pork was plenty and near by for them. The bid "big bear made straight as a hound foe my pig pens. He had evidently heap there before, and did hot travel a foot unnecessarily. I ' was all eyes; and would not have harmed tbe critters for a ranch. The party had. foe air of bring a mighty smart family, and I soon found foem to be foe entest I ever saw or beard tell of 'In a moment foe old bear climbed np « live "oak tree near foe corral, and look ing down at foe aba bear on foe ground, kind of granted to her to hurry np too. In leen time than it takes to tali it, fos old lady had given the cube a cuff or two, as if to make foem shut up their squealing' and followed foe big bear np foe trunk of foe tree. Gosh, how those two bears went about their tatiueee! I now saw" for the first time that one of tbe limbs of that live oak reached ont several feet over foe corner of. foe farthest pig pen. The male bear moved out cautiously to the end of foat limb aiid it elowjy bent down as foe old fellow edged along. Tbe branch boot more and more; nntil it came witbip a foot.of foe earth in foe pen, then foe big bear . grunted tignificontly, and fos . be bear -wriggled herself ont to foe end iof fos bent brooch. Her partner dropped to foe gnraod inside the pig. pen, and this old mother just stopd there and kept foe limb' bending down,, ' 'In less than three seconds there was a lively rooket in foe corral. I conld hear foe two sowb charging about as . iriad safety and foe little pigs flying, round their mpthoro scared to deafo. I'rbee up from behind foe log, and saw ' through fos pickets foat foe .tig bear W>8 walking around the ' pan as raol.as tltototBtar— -a sort of tiring foe situs- . Htm np and making np hie miofl which pisrker would go best with him and his family. The she bear stood foero po tbe bending limb surveying the scene. Suddenly there was a commotion. The now made a lunge at Brain, and be gave her a tide 'tape that knocked her; down. Then he wheeled aboutj . snatched a fifty -pound pig in his paws, ' and jumped upon foe limb.- The female jbear worked Jianelf back to foe trunk ' of foe tree, and foe old fellow bunched along-slow lyxfter beiwith hiscaptorein his paws. ; ' Wtil-yoo «n bet that 'taat;any- fo|jIh ' the .One of taimsl perjform- fe/ifoS-vmountaipe. I was wsli nii ; ttonedjwitfa eurprtee. It wae'faffig, yntorfoeJolii; faftwr . hnfl. mdfoer.Aant ;; - «#imingldo«rofoe;trank of foe'pakip!.' foa cube, that danoed aborri the foot «f toe tteeliokiag'thelf foops atthe aght atm-' .ttht"'.'i bagn io -foink foat waa mj, property ; foey wera /gms - aff-aritii. X Mrnsed " away th-inyirifle before l bad time to "tfalok, bnjt , tit nothing. Tbe tiie bear jnmped to fop .ground and with fosAvtadrsot graiitiiig and stumbling : dfffetofonlfoampMUL XhetddflimtfaBsi fodk«tfegtaatily. He bung on tefali V&m; not room to ta mnfo annoyed. Whenlie resriied fos < ground faerhieed xspaa fate haanfoesead uoked ovsc to me to the moonlight t ie«ril ne ver foiiget l<ow be cocked bis b'gheadat me, and, with that pig in bia pawa, I am sure I saw him wink st me, j » if to aay. "Old ftllow, yon bare got be smarter to beat n's."1 I «mb aboot paralyzed, bat I did .manage; to call out, . look bore, yon can go thiBtime, but oo mora aocb fooliog aboot this pig corral, OT yoo'il suffer for it. A moment mure and brain was tearing through the baahea on bia way borne with bis family. John and I have lost no more pigs this year, and we don't feet sure about having been robbed by each a darned cote family.' Now, don't yon agree with me that for interesting and knowing wave the San Jacinto bears beat them all f 