THE HAUNTED CHIMNEY. " If the signorino will take my advice, he will not sleep in this room." " And why should I not sleep in this room, Antonio ? " The fellow shrugged his shoulders, looked about him mysteriously, then, coming a step nearer, began in a low voice : " Because—" " What are you chatting about, you im- becile? " the landlord's voice broke in, as at this moment he appeared at the door. The servant drew back, and though he held his tongue, the expression of his face did not change. " The signor will doubtless wish to refresh himself with a good night's rest, after his long journey," the landlord remarked to me, in the obsequious tone of his class ; then, turning im- patiently to the servant again, he continued, " And you stand here doing nothing, and by your idle gossip keep our guest from sleeping." " It is not I who will keep him from sleep- ing," muttered Antonio, as he proceeded to unfasten the straps of my portmanteau. " Bassta, enough !" exclaimed his master, angrily ; then to me, in quite a suave manner. " I wish you a good night's repose," adding insinuatingly, " you will not have allowed your mind to be perturbed by this fellow's idle chatter ?" " Oh, no !" I answered shortly. I was cross, and too sleepy to heed the uneasy manner of the landlord, or the timid, deprecating glances of the servant. " Good night," I added, by way of a hint that I wished to be alone. " Good night, and may your repose be tranquil !" saying which, mine host bowed himself out of the room. " Your servant, sir !" and Antonio made an obeisance, then, passing close by me, as he hurried to the door, where his master awaited him with visible impatience he managed to whisper, " See that the fire-board is fastened tight, and keep your candle burning. I am at the end of the hall !" I was a bit startled by this mysterious advice, though to proud to betray my sudden pertur- bation by demanding an explanation then and there. At that time I was an aspiring young art student, and had come to pass a few weeks in Venice, where, alone, of all the cities in Italy, does the wonderful colouring of the skies en- trance the painter's soul, and seem to defy his palette. It was not my first visit to the " Queen of the Adriatic,'' nor to this queer old inn. It was a tumble down building, which centuries before had been a palace—as the dwellings of the Italian nobility are called ; but the ages had come and gone, and the last scion of the race which had formerly claimed this among its numerous residences had long since passed a way. Owing to the fact that it was situated on a small canal at some distance from the grand canal, it escaped general notice. To ascend to the apartments which at present constituted the hostelry, one had to pass under the great arched doorway, through the empty place beyond to the stairs, which led up to the second floor. Here, some of the palatial rooms had been partitioned off into small apartments. On the occasion of my present visit the house was full, and thus one of the large rooms, undisturbed by nineteenth century carpenter and mason, was assigned to me. It was barn and lofty ; its two windows, several feet from the the ground—reached by flights of three steps— looked out on the narrow strip of water below. At this hour they were barred by heavy wooden shutters, while faded hangings draped them, and gave a strange, almost weird aspect to the deep recesses above the little stone steps. Between the windows stood a marble console, over which hung an oblong mirror in it tarnished gilt frame. On one side of the room was the high, narrow bed, with canopy and curtains like those at the windows ; and at its left was the priedieu ; on the right, the night table. Chairs were placed stiffly against the wall, around the room. At the farther end of this vast apartment, and facing the bed, was the huge fireplace, which looked black and fathomless as a cavern, by the dim light which the candle shed throughout the room. Over this hung a strip of faded damask, like the other draperies in texture and design ; it partially concealed the fireboard, which had been removed from its accustomed place and placed on one side. I stood for a moment listening to the retreat- ing footsteps, with a curiously uneasy feeling creeping over me as presently they ceased and all was still. I took up the candle and pro- ceeded to make a close survey of the room. I tried the various doors and windows, finding them all securely fastened ; opened the cum- bersome wardrobe, and—let me confess it— actually looked under the bed. Finally, I stooped and gazed into the sombre depths of the ancient fireplace, and as I did so, my light flickered. I went back to the table, and, putting down the candle, opened my portmanteau and began to take out the necessary articles. I debated a little whether or no to put out the light, a vague sense of uneasiness oppressing me which I was ashamed to acknowledge, even to myself, then—but I left it burning. I fell into an uneasy sleep, the result of fatigue and a late supper, perhaps. I was awakened suddenly by the sound of a heavy fall, followed by a death-like silence. I sat up in bed and looked round the room, wondering sleepily why my candle was still burning, and was about to blow it out, when Antonio's mys- terious advice came back to me Again I fell asleep, for how long I cannot say, when once more I was aroused by the noise of a dull thud, such as the falling of a body would make. But this time, instead of utter silence—which before had first startled me and then served to quiet my fears—a moan fell upon the air. I sprang from the bed, and, grasping the candlestick, in which the candle was fast burn- ing in its socket, I started across the room, to investigate, if possible, this strange sound. Five minutes later I was back in bed again, and, inclined to reproach my silly fears, I turned over, and soon fell into a more restful slumber. It seems to me, as I recall the happenings of that night, after the lapse of many years that I could scarcely have closed my eyes when still again, I was awakened, this time by something rolling down the chimney then falling heavily upon the marble hearth. The candle flickered, and before I had time to recover myself, shot up one feeble flame and went out. At that instant the distant bells of San Marco—at least, I fancied 'twas they—chimed the hour of three. The lovely Rummer dawn must be breaking the cloudless Venetian skies ; but the barred casements kept out even a possible ray of light. I felt round over the cold marble top of the little table at my bedside for the matches, and just as I found one a deep groan fell upon my ear, and for a moment my hand trembled so that I could not strike it. At length I had it lighted only to discover that the other candle was on the centre table. The little wax light was burning quickly in my hand, and would barely last to get me across the room. I stepped hastily to the floor, and moved over to where the unlighted candle stood. The illumination which this fresh one gave was dim and wavering but holding it steady until I felt sure that it would not go out, I walked over to the fire- place, stopping suddenly short as I stood within a few feet of it. My hand shook so that I could scarcely hold the light, while it seemed to me that the loud beating of my heart must drown every other sound. For a moment I could not get my breath there, as I fetched a long gasping sigh. I could feel the cold perspiration running down my back. Just in front of the great chimney, with wide open eyes fastened upon me, lay a man's head, severed from the body, and with the blood flowing freshly from the neck. I pulled myself together, trying, as best I could, to take in the situation. Had a murder been committed then and there, and where was the body ? I stepped closer and closer, fascina- ted by the horror of the great, staring eyes, which seemed to draw me on, when, suddenly, I found myself looking into empty space. The head had disappeared ! I dropped on my knees, and still grasping the candlestick tightly crept up to the gaping mouth of the fireplace, some unknown but irresistible power forcing me on until I was on the spot where, a moment before that ghastly head had lain. I leaned forward to peer into the chimney, moving my candle a little to throw a stronger light upon the opening, when a gust extinguished it, and in the darkness which fol- lowed the silence was broken only by a suc- cession of low moans, which gradually died upon then air. The candlestick fell from my now nerveless hand, and I could hear it rolling away beyond my reach. I opened my mouth to call, but not a sound issued from my parched throat. I made a last superhuman effort to free myself from the horrible fear which was fast overpowering me. Struggling to my feet, I managed to stagger toward where I believed the windows were, only to sink upon the stone steps, quaking with a new dread, as, even as I touched the drapery which hung beside it, a ray of light fell upon the floor, and the figure of a man dragging a headless body appeared before my terror-stricken eyes. It must have been two hours later that I opened my eyes, to find honest Antonio bending over me. For a moment the light pouring in from the open casement almost blinded me. " My God ! What was it I gasped, as the good fellow, putting his arms about me, half carried me to the bed. He did not reply, but moved quickly back to the other window, removed the bar, opened wide the wooden shutters, and, picking up from the step the oil lamp which he had probably had in his hand when he entered the room, put it on the console. Then, still silent, he went toward the fireplace, and taking up the great fireboard put it into place, remarking laconi- cally as he did so ; " The signorino forgot to fasten in the fire- board, it appears." With the light of day pouring into the room, and the sweet morning air gently moving the shadows on the wall, the horror of the night began to disappear, and I felt my strength returning. I watched Antonio and tried to think ; but my brain was not in working order, and the very effort made me dizzy. Antonio, turning from the chimney, looked at me, then taking up my flask from the table, poured some of its contents into a glass, and bringing it to me said : " Drink that. I will bring you your coffee in a few moments." " How did you get in ?" I asked him when he returned with the beverage. " The signorino asked me to call him at dawn, as he wished to study sunrise effects ; so I came early to the door. I knew when I received no answer to my knocks, that some thing had happened. It was not difficult to force the old lock." " Tell me, what was it ? It was too real to have been a nightmare. What was it, Antonio ?" " The signorino does not know ? And yet it is an old story here. 'Twas the ghost of the murdered nun." " It was not a ghost at all !" I exclaimed " It was a head." " The same thing." " Have you ever seen it ?" " God forbid !" And Antonio crossed him- self. " I shall not pass another night in this house." " No ? And only last spring, a painter, one of your compatriots, came here from Rome, and stayed in this very room on purpose to see the head. He went away much disappointed, for it never appeared to him, though he did hear it in the chimney." By this time I was dressed, but was deter- mined to hear the story before I left. It had begun to dawn upon me that Antonio did not mean to tell it. " Come, Antonio," I began. At this moment my gondolier appeared at the door. " Francesco knows it better than I ; and besides," said Antonio, " we are not allowed to talk about it in this house." Francesco was ready enough to repeat the gruesome tale, and with all the dramatic fervour of his race, went over it in detail. It was toward the middle of the last century that Duke Gerolamo de Gerolamer lived in this, his ancestral home, with his two sons and his ward, the only child of his sister. It was intended that the heir to the proud old name should marry the fair young cousin, and of course the wayward girl fell in love with the younger son, who returned her passion tenfold. But the guardian and uncle laughed at this childish folly, and calmly fixed the wedding day. Meantime, the hatred of the brothers grew. The elder was enraged because he could not win the love of the woman who was to be his wife ; the younger was furious and despairing because, through this accident of birth which made him the younger son, he was denied pos- session of her who alone made life worth living. It was the eve of the wedding, which was destined never to be, that their last and fatal quarrel took place. It is told that Don Alessan- dro said to the heir— " If I cannot have her, then you shall not !" In vain the lovely Blanca, drawn thither by their loud words, tried to stop them, weeping and protesting that she, the unhappy cause of their discussion, would kill herself if they did not cease, then and there, their strife. Her presence only added fuel to the flame. The men fought like tigers, and when, at length, Alessandro fell at his brother's feet, the heir, now quite beside himself, and with the thirst of blood upon him, drew his sword across the neck, severing the head from the body. Only then, as a deep groan fell upon the air, and for the last time the eyes opened and gazed steadily at him, did the murderer realise, perhaps, his crime. With the cunning of a madman, he dragged the headless trunk across the room, and with a supreme effort lifted the ghastly burden and threw it into the narrow canal which flowed silently beneath the windows. He started back to dispose of the head, too ; but as he stooped to take it up, a low moan fell upon his ear. Blanca lay as she had fallen upon the hearth, and even as the young Gerolanio bent over her prostrate form, breathed out her life in a long- drawn sigh. The head, which he had dropped when attracted by Blanca's moan, rolled into the fireplace and disappeared. The heir died soon after in a madman's chains, and the childless, broken- hearted father followed him quickly to the grave. The distant heirs had gladly disposed of the palace for a nominal sum, encumbered as it was by the memory of a fearful crime and the bleeding head which haunted it at intervals. " Women make a great deal of trouble," said Francesco, by way of conclusion. " Now, if the beautiful Bianca had not made the mistake of falling in love with the wrong man !" An expressive gesture finished the sentence. " It is said," he remarked, after a pause, " that only when the skull of the murdered man can be found will his ghost cease to trouble the occupants of that room. How tired," he added naively, " the head must be, rolling up and down the chimney ! Almost all hear it, few see it. The signor painter was one of these." The gondola has stopped just opposite San Giorgio Maggiore, where the artists were assembled even at this early hour, studying the ever-changing beauty of the old church in the soft morning light. My pencil strayed over the canvas ; but instead of the outline of the church it was that of a man's head, which, as the day wore on, grew into the likeness of the one I had seen the previous night. There is nothing more to say. The story of the haunted chamber is too well known to need further proof from me, while as to my personal experience with it, I can add nothing. I have related facts as they occurred. Sceptics may laugh at my story, and hint at nightmare and other consequences of a late supper ; I know better. One thing, remember, I did not hear the tale until the day following my visit from the ghost. I have visited Venice many times since then ; but I have never returned to that old palace on the little canal, 