MASS MEETING OF PROTESTANTS. Opposition to the Cardinal's Candidature. A meeting of Protestants of the several churches in the city was held at the Cambrian Hall last evening. The meeting, at which were several ladies, was a fairly representa tive one, considering the inclemenoy of the weather. Mr Joseph Palmer, D.M. of the L O L., presided, and on the platform were the Very Rev. Dean Selwyn, the Rev. W. Bain (Presbyterian), S. Gilby (irimitive Methodist), Seth Jones (Baptist), R. M. Bowles (Seamen's Mission Church), Messrs. H. W. Lee, and J. Nicholls. The CHAmnxAN, in opening the meeting, said he was pleased to see a number of ladies present, and thought that if the ladies would take a greaterinterestand help the gentlemen more in all important matters affecting the whole community the efforts put forth from time to time for the preservation of their liberties would be more successful. (Hear, hear ) The cause of their meeting that evening was to protest against the candidature of Cardinal Moran for a seat at the forthcoming Federal Con vention, and to cause a banding together of Protestants as a united body to prevent, if possible, his election. He therefore declared the meeting opened, and would call upon Mr. Joseph Nicholls to move the first resolu tion. Mr. NIcooLts then moved the following resolution :-" That this meeting looks upon the candidature of Cardinal Moran as in jurious to the cause of Federation, and as such we pledge ourselves to use every legiti mate means to secure his defeat." The mover, in speakingto the resolution, said thatviowing the matter of the Cardinal's candidature, that official would, if elected, defeat and block Federation for many years to come, for what ever he might say at that Convention would be looked upon with suspicion and distrust. His presence at the conference would not only block the advance of national unity, but would in his (the spea ker's) opinion endanger Protestantism. The members of the Roman Catholic Church would vote for him-not for any ability he may possess as a politician, but because he is the head of theirchurch in Australia. There were plenty of men among the 49 candidates more capable and possessing greater political knowledge for the drawing up of federallaws wherein the liberties of the people would be the better safeguarded. The Very Rev. DEAN SELwYN, in support ing the resolution, said he did so, not be cause there was any danger to Protestantism by the Cardinal getting into the Convention. The Protestant cause was too firmly founded for that, but there was danger, as the mover had stated, that Federation would be re tarded for years if the Cardinal were elected. The cause of Federation would only be a secondary consideration with him. There were many laymen, Roman Catholics, with able intellects among those seeking the people's votes to elect them to the Conven tion, and his (the speaker's) first vote would be recorded for one such, whom he con sidered a most capable gentleman-Mr. Heydon he referred to. The Cardinal was quite right in using his legitimate efforts to get in; at the same time Protestants had a perfect and legitimate right to try and keep him out. The Rev. SETH JONEs, in supporting the resolution, said that many asked why they, the Protestants, so strenuously opposed the Cardinal's candidature. It was because they considered him an unfit person and dangerous to the liberties that Protestants and their fellow Roman Catholic citizens now enjoy, and consequently if elected he might do a great deal of mischief. He hcd already done a great deal, and hence the efforts put forth by Protestants to keep him from doing more misehief in the Convention. As to the Cardinal's ability, he judged him on his public utterances. The speaker then re ferred to the Cardinal's manifesto to the people on his coming out as a candidate for conference, in which he (the speaker) con tended there was not a single suggestion or original conception. He maintained that the Cardinal had publicly avowed his intention not to do the very thing that he had done. He was now in the arena of polities, and showing fight. Well, the Protestants were going to show fight, too. The Cardinal, he maintained, had sne ceeded in sowing the seeds of discord, and designated all who opposed him as "sense less." Mr. Gladstone and many others in high offices were, ac cording to his doctrine, "senseless" men. The speaker, in conclusion, referred to the liberty of conscience as allowed by the Romish Church, and the seas of blood caused to flow in the Middle Ages through her instrumentality, by the people of those days who dared to claim the liberty to think for themselves. For those and many other reasons the Cardinal, who was the head of that Church here, was not, he considered, a fit and proper person to sit in the Federal conference, and utterly unfit for the work, although an able man in his own sphere. The members of his church would vote for him and a fewothers of the Romish persuacion, filling up the required number with the names of others pho had not a ghost of a chance. The Rev. Mr. Gmunn admitted the Cardi nal's right to come out, and now that he was out he (the speaker) had a perfect right to keep him out as far as his vote went. He spoke at length upon the historical events in connection with the church of which the Cardinal is chief in this coun try, as affecting Protestantism, and its efforts to regain the temporal and spiritual control over the people. He (the speaker) would like to see more unity among Protestants in this election of candidates. He had two cards in his pocket, by which he saw that the names of seven out of the 10 were the same, hbut the other three were different. He would like, if it were possible, and not yet too late, to try if the whole 10 names might not be the same, and then with a firm united front by Protestants at the poll, and going as a body for the 10 names only, the Cardinal would not obtain a seat on the convention. Rev. W. BArx said he had not during the 36 years of his ministry seen a greater neces sity for Protestants to be up and doing than at the present time. He urged upon the meeting and all Protestants to be united in voting for 10 men, leaving out the Cardinal, as his election would be a victory for Popery. The Rev. R. M. BownLcs said that the words "bigot" and "bigotry" had appeared fre quently of late in the press. Any man who dared stick up for his principles had those words hurled at him by others with great prejudice. Were trotoestauts bigots who sent their children to Romish schools? Was it bigotry upon their part to allow their children to be taught by teachers of the Romish persuasion in the Publio Schools? Were the Protestant ladies now united in working for the benefit of a Romish institution in their midst bigots ? He supported the resolution because he was of the opinion that the Cardinal was nsot fit to represent the people of New South Wales at the Convention. The CHAIRMAN said that it would be as well to consider the question of amalga mating the two bunches and picking an eligible 10 from the two bunches, if not too late. It would have a tendency to bring about unanimity in voting. The Rev. R. M. BowLES then moved the following resolutionl:-'" That a request be sent to the Grand Lodge officers of the L.O.L, and to the members of the represon tative ministers' conference to kindly ask them to meet together with a view to select ing 10 candidates from the two cards whom they could recommend all Protestants to east their votes for." The motion was seconded by the Rev. W. BArN, and with the former motion put and carried unanimously. The meeting, which was most enthusiastic and orderly throughout, was then brought to a close by a hearty vote of thanls to the chairman, and the singing of the National Anthem. Mr. "Eden" George will deliver an address on Federation at Lambton to-night. It is wrongly supposed in manypartsof the district that the Mr. J. T. Walker, who is a candidate for Federal honours, is identical with Mr. Thomas Walker, formerly member for Northumberland. The latter gentleman is, we think, in New Zealand. Mr. Ferguson, M.P., will speak at Adamstown at 6.30 to-night, and at Waratah at 8. Mr. Flowers will to-night speak at Carrington at 7 o'clock, and at Wickham at 8. 