RECORD REIGN TEMPERANCE DEMIONSTRATION. FOLLOWrING the procession and meeting last Sunday afternoon as portion of a record reign temperance demonstration, a torchlight procession was hold on Thursday evening, followed by a meeting in the Lecture-hall, Goldsmith-street, principally to hear addresses from Mr. N. T. Collins, G.O., and Mr. A. M. Millard, G.V.T. The procession was at tended by members of the Daughters of Temper ance, Independent Order of Good Templars, and Women's Christian Temperance Union, and headed by the Salvation Army band. There was a good attendance, and the gathering for the meeting was fairly numerous. Mr. Lumsden, D.D., presided, and on the platform, besides the visitors, were Mesdames Gardiner and Oliver, the Rev. 0. Palmer, the Rev. Mr. IRentoul, and Mcessrs. D. McIones, E. Ayliffe, Lyons, and A. Mundy. After a hymni the chairman delivered a short opening address. l snid thailt one of their objects in holding the meetings was to try and educato the people with regard to temperance. MI. Gladstone h:d sani tlhat drinkl was responsible for moro victims than all the wars, pestilonces, and famines in the world, and he did not thinlk the statement was far out. Alcohol was, according to the most clever scientifio men, not a food, nor a medicine, bhut it had stimulating effects. It would hill live bodies, but preserve dead ones. Some people said that drunkenness was the result of bad houses, un congenial surroundings, and eo forth, but he had seen rich men drunk, and he had seen men with the nost beautiful homes under the influenco of drink. To put it in a nut shell, the reason there was so mlchi draunkennss was because there was so much drinking. Prohibition seemed to him the way to step ic. Mr. A. M. Millard, G.V.T., said ibis was jubilee week, and he considered it one of those periods in which a man might look backtand reflect upon his life. It was an occasion when the Good Templars, while reviewing the past, might ende vour to give an impetus to the fituro. Before 1837 many of the sovereigns who had occupied the British throne were drunkards, and perlhaps some thing worse, but with 1837 there seemed to dawn upon the period the cause of temperance. Hosts of great men had coum forward and worked for it, and at this time, approaching the very steps of her I'ajesty's throne, was the Archbishop of Canter bury, a staunch total abstainer and a Rechabile. (Applause) Drink undoutbtedly was thoohief cause of crimes innumerable. In Gonlburn only last year Mr. Justice Simpson said that the individual who could reclaim one man from drink deserved the thanks of the whole community. But, although drink was the cause of crime, lihe thought that drink very often was the effect. Good Tomplars should take greater interest in wider political subjects which indirectly tend to promito temperance. Sanitary surroundings and education should be considered by the Good Templare, and he thought they should make womanhood suffrage a plank of the platform, because he believed tlhat if women had a vote the drinking customs would be reduced. If a man were not given inducements to stay within his home ho would go abroad, which indirectly led to intemper ance. The drinking habits of society were one of the curses of the day. Drink was brought forward at baptisms and marriages, for instance. The habit of business men at the close of a bargain to have a wet was practised. Some people thought they would be considered mean if they did not follow the custom; but he said it was false, and lie could speak from experience. It was said that interfering with the drink question interfered with the liberty of the subject. Drink caused the ruin and down fall of the iedivihual, and caused him to spend money to the benefit of one individual. The man was a member of the community, and if he injured himself and others, as he did, by his habits, he injured the c?mmunity, and they had a right to say to him " We must to a certain extent in torfero with your liberty when you injure others." The end justified the means. It was said the revenue would suffer, but the money paid for liquor comes from the pockets of the people, and on the other side was the expenditure in connection with crime caused by drink. IMe appealed to the veterans of the temperance army to come back to ihe ranks. They also wanted recruits, and he ap pealed to those who were not members to celebrate the jubileo by obtaining a victory over self and then assisting to help others. Bro. A. Morris sang "Tho Question of the Hour." Mr. E. Ayliffe delivered a characteristic and vigorous address. Ho was there as a sworn tee totaller and prohibitionist, and he would never vote for local option. Ho would not vote to close three out of five public-houses in his street, but he would vote to close all. Thoro -wi no nitrgamon f?o drinking. Men who earned their money like horses spent is like isses, and it was their children who suffered. It was the youngsters they should get hold of. A collection was taken to defray expenses. Mr. N. T. Collius, G.O., spoke in support of opea.air speaking, and said he wished he could work that way. But something could be done by gathering together those interested in the cause of temperance for counsel and help. When Queen Victoria ascended the throne, what temperance sentiment was there? In thoeo times one man who was a total abstainer could not insure his life. That man founded a life assurance society, and at the age of O5 was still alive. Now the man the insur ance societies snapped up quickest was the total abstainer, and the men they inquired most about were the drinkers. That showed how theo'temper ance movement had advanced. Ho had seen the wave of temperance work in Goulburn ebb and flow; but he did not believe there had ever been a revival here which had not reclaimed some. The Wash ingtonian movement in America, which swept the United States, was started by seven men in a drink. ing saloon. There was no such thing as a Wash ingtonian in the States to-day; but was there no temperance sentiment ? By President McKinley's orders not a drop of alcohol was used at any of the festivities in connection with his inauguration. How encouraged they would have been if the good Queen had given a similar order in connection with the record reign celebrations. Heo believed the Queen noted up to her lights, and she showed a gloat advaneo as compared with her predecessors. Remembering all that, in spite of early influences, she had done for temperance, they had cause for thaunkfulness. The speaker referred to several presidents of the States who had been total abstainers, and said if they had such an example in a British sovereign how encouraged they would feel. Speaking of the need for organisation, Mr. Collins asked what was there to show for the splendid work done in his day by Father MIatthew. In Dublin wheu a statue was unveiled to him a banquet was given at which wine was provided for the guests. The mockery of it. In the States he (the speaker) saw 2000 young Irishmen, all members of the Father Mnatthew Society, marching in proees sion in a town; and ho guaranteed that rather Matthew would prefer the living monument to the three that had been erected to him in Ireland. In conclusion the speaker explained that the meetings were being held at the request of the Grand Chief Templar, who hoped that the order would be strengthened. He spoho eloquently of the organi sation of tile soeiety and the work done by it in the world, and said the thing must be kept going hero. (Applause.) dister Harding sang " While the Days are Going By." The Rev. Mr. Rontoul said he had been struck ly three thingheoie--the number of publio-houses, the kindly spirit whieh prevailed amongst the Christian ministers, and the number of bairnies. Goulburn need not fear while it had so many bairnies. The speaker referred forcibly to the evils of the day, and asked had we in our midst a society which could solve these problems. Somebody might say the Salvation Army. It had done mighty work ; hbut the problems were there. They said the Y.M.C.A.; but the young men fought shy of it. They might mention the various churcher ; and he as a Christian minister had to eonfess that the churches had failed in this great matter. But there was an organization in their midst whieh could do it, and it was the Sabbath-schools. The speaker insisted upon Itee responsibility of parents for the welfare of their children. Let the jovial men, he said, bring nolme of their mirth home; and lot the parents have in their homes a children's hour. The speaker brought his address to a very effective conclusion with a most appropriate illus trative anecdote. Mr. A. Morris sang "Throw out the Life Line." The Rev. C Palmer said lhe firmly believed that thle best side of ea publio-house was the outside. He believed that ia mean's body should be the temple of the Holy Ghost, not a swill tub. He had seen that a man who drank could not ask another to abstain. Alcohol never gave strength to the body nor warmed it. National sin called forth national repentance, and in this colony we had a four million pounds stain resting upon us. It was damnng thousands upon thousands. He appealed to them to be total abstainers, and die rather than forsake their prin o;ples, and forcibly condemned moderato drinkers. A vote of thanks to the speakers, ospecially thie visitors, was moved by Mr. J. E. P. Walker, seconded by Mr. D. lMoInnea, and accorded by nou!amation. Mr. N. T. Collins briefly replied, as also did Mr. Millard and the Rev. Messrs. ?entoul and Phn leer. The meeting closed with prayer, the doxology, and the National Anthem. Afterwards those in the audience unconnected with tomperancr eocieties were solicited to join one, and temperance literature was distributed. 