ROYAL JUBILEE CINEMATOGRAPHS. The weather, was favorable on Saturday nkrhfc and the Victoria Hall was filled with an enthusiastic audience to witness the series of pictures representing' her Majesty's Diamond Jubilee procession, which: was reproduced by tiie Cinematographe. The. pictures were re ceived with applause, ami nearly all_were-l-e deinanded. Several new .pictures, including the serpentine dance and Hyde Park were ex hibited. Mr. H. NTtschke sang in excellent style "The soldiers of the Queen" and "O promise me" and was encored. The. Musical -Macs played various tunes from bits of wood, old bottles, and a violin manufactured out of a cigar-box and a. piece of wire. To-night several new pictures are being added to the list, including "The Black Diamond Express" and" A 'PillowEight." Considerably over 1,000 persons attended the fpurteenthO.D.l.peunventertaininoutonSatur day night, when Mr. Kirkham Evans gave his second " Black Art" entertainment. The public like to-be mystified, and it has been noticed that the magical evcning3 have drawn the largest crowds. The proceedings opened with a grand march by the itbse Park Band, a "Magpie" song by Mr. A. H. Daniel which had' to he. repeated, ■ a recitation entitled " Piease to ring the bell" by Mr. O. Tonkin, and a..; humorous song "Tim Plat-arty." Alter which amidst all kinds of mysterious sounds and flashes of light-the magician ap peared, borrowed handkerchiefs, changed color m his hands, skulls-appeared trom theairj a, ghost-from an empty bandbox, hundreds of yards of-ribbons were produced from a handful, of tow, and from tnese a largo glass bowl of water, a vase of flowers,, aud a guinea pig.- The final scene was the dancing skeleton which ap peared and disappeared at tin;-will of the mu giean', took off its head and put it back again. The "' Musical -Macs" are announced to appear next Saturday evening.^ -. A very successful social and dance, given by the students of the Training College, was held im the Co-operative■ Hall, Angus-street, .on T'riday evening. About 50 couples were pre sent, . and during the evening Mr, L. W. Stanton, chairman of the board of inspectors, and Mr. Whicharu, 'a member of .the board,■ eviuced much-interest in the proceediugs. Mr: i Madley, who was principal of the Training College before being appointed Commissioner i of Police, was also present. In the early part of the evening songs were rendered - by Miss Priest and Messrs. Crattou and Hey, and then dancing had full sway, being kept up until 2 o'clock in the morning. The social, which is held annually, passed.oii most pleasantly, and was brought to a conclusion by the company forming a ring and singing "A.uld lang syne." Mr. 11. Hand proved an efficient master of ceremonies. An excellent supper, which- diu the caterer, Air. T. White, of Norwood, credit, was served in the large room adjoining the hall. ■■ -v.:. ■■ ■ • Dan. Barry's-Dramatic Company appeared on Saturday night-in the sensational drama "The Eaetory Girl of Melbourne." - The -per-: formanco was. witnessed by a crowded house, which by loud applause and calls before the audience fully showed how thoroughly " The Pactory Gill" was enjoyed by. all who were present. Every character was well sustained, and the drama was excellently staged. .. In fact, the : Dan -Barry Company-is one of the very best we have ever had at Port Adelaide. -The season will be brought-to a close.to-night, when .". The Crimes of London", will be produced and should draw another crowded house. - 