lAiAETER XX.—AT SCARSWOOD. | U ,«a Late in the afternoon- Lady Danger field, her uncle, cousin, new governess, and servants—an imposing procession— arrived from London at Scarswood Park. Scarswood! "With the rose flush of the •setting sun upon it, with the giades, the lawns, the shrubberies steeped in gold, svith the stone urns on the stone terraces turned to burnished silver, the- scarlet roses like sparks of fire, every leaf of the ■copper beeches blood-red rubies, the win dows glancing through the trees like sheets of burnished gold. - Scarswood IPark and the turreted old mansion came upon them—a marvellously fair picture. IXrackless depths of fern waved away and away, the great fish-pond, spread out like a silver mirror; Landscape gar deners, under my lady's orders, had clone their work; the parterres,-' the tropic fcloom, the wealth of myrtle and mig- ' nonette, of roses and geraniums, were like unto some modern Garden of. Eden. “How lovely! What a magnificent old place!” Lady Cecil exclaimed. "And -you call it dull as death—as, dismal as a tomb, Ginevra.” , It was Lady Cecil’s first visit-to,the an cestral home of her cousin's rich hus '∧, and in her heart of hearts the girl •dearly loved the country. Lady Dangerfield glanced around her Svith a little sour air. “So it was, so it is, so it will-be—if I let it. Why can’t the London season last for ever? • I like rural life and rus tic scenes—in pictures. In real life give sne Belgravia.” “And balls, soirees, operas, drawing rooms and drives—the old weary tread mill, tiresome, endless round. For my self.six weeks in London, if you will,four ■of Paris, and the rest of the year in just Buch a dear old country house as this.” “Well, my dear, you shall have all ithat and more when you are Lady Tre genna. Tregenna Towers is as old again as Searscvood, and twice as rural. Is ifchat my lord and mas ter I see on the por . fcico steps? Really he shrivels up ' and vgrows smaller with every‘passing day! JAnd here comes Pearl and Pansy flying down the steps like wild Indians. Miss iHerncastle, what do you think of your future home and your future pupils?” The governess, In charge of my lady’s Sat King Charles, had taken the third seat in the carriage. Tire earl had not •'driven with the ladies from the station. Miss Herncastle’s large, calm eyes had foeen taking in everything, and Miss Herncastle’s calm tones x-eplied: “It is a beautiful place, my lady; but I have seeix Scai-swood befoi-e.” “Indeed! This is not your fii-st visit to Sussex, then? Was it in Sir Petei-’s time Or before? Pansy, Pearl! Little wret ches, do you want to run under the car riage wheels? Stand back and be still! Sir Peter, how stupid of you to let those ^Children run wild in this boisterous man ner!” It was my lady’s first greeting to her fousband, as she was assisted out of the Carriage. Sir Peter had come down the Steps to meet her; she gave him two gloved fingers, then gave the twins first g, shake, then a kiss. The little nine year olds wei-e miniatures of herself— the same round black eyes, the same Crisp black hair, the same petite fea tures and proportions, and so much,also, like one another, that it seemed; impos .'sible at first glance to tell them' apart. • “You disobedient little midgets!” their ■Snother said. “How often have I told •you not to rush to meet anyone in that ioydenish way? What is .your maid -{thinking of to let you?” “ ’Twasn’t Susan’s fault, mamma,” piped one black-eyed twin. “She told me to stay in the nursery, but me arid Pansy saw the carriage, and you and auntie Cecil from the window, and we Couldn’t stay. We're so glad you’ve ■■Come,'auntie. Our dolls haven’t got a Summer dress to their backs!” . Lady Cecil laughed, and kissed the fcwins. Children always fell in love With her at fii-st sight. “Not a summer dress to their backs, Peai-j, and the season so far advanced! tA. harrowing case, which must. be at tended to immediately. ' Sir; Peter, Will you endorse Pearl’s welcome,- and Bay you are glad to see me likewise?” She gave him her hand with a 'smile that thawed even the frozen, nature of \- Sir Peter Dangei-field. To be glad -to , see anyone who was a visitor pi.d daily • expense was mot in his'nature; but, as Buch things had to be under the rule . of his very much better half, lie shook Lady Cecil’s delicate grey glove, and said something about his pleasure in welcoming her to Scarswood: “And Scarswood is a home to be proud Of,” Lady Cecil said; “my idea of an. \- earthly paradise, as I told Ginevra just mow. Papa stayed behind, Sir Peter, jialking to a friend. He will be _ here lor dinner. Permit me—Miss Hern ; Castle, Sir Peter Dangerfield. Ah, Pansy! .ah, Pearl! no more dolls and dress making. 'Here Is a lady coriie all-the ■ jyay from London to train you in. the Way you should go.” The twins fixed four big, bright black 'eyes full on the new governess. Sir Peter bowed—the governess was at some Sittle distance—then stopped, put up \- Iris eyeglass, and stared' again. The 'governess came a step nearer, fixed her eyes upon his face, made a graceful • Obeisance, and turned to her pupils. “Will you give me a kiss, my dear ? JYou are Pansy, are you not ?—you Pear-1 ? Ah, I thought I could tell the (difference, though you are so . much . {alike.” “I trust, Sir Peter, you saw that the i Upholsterers fitted up the drawing and! \--dining rooms according to my ol-ders ? ...Have the pictures ar-" She' stopped -short. “Good gracious, Queenie’.' what i is my husband staring: at? Sir Peter!” i He never heard her. His eyes, behind his double eyeglass, were fixed upon Miss Herncastle. His face had turned to a dull yellow pallor from brow to chin.- His wife stood and looked at him aghast. ■‘For Heaven’s sake, look at him, Queenie! Is lie going to have a fit or \- Sir Peter Dangerfield; what on earth is the matter with you ?" She caught his arm impatiently, and gave him no gentle shake. . • “He’s staring at you. Miss Hern castle. What is the matter with him?” Miss Herncastle turned calmly from the children, and again looked at • the 'baronet. “He certainly looks very ill. Is there anything I can do ?” “Her voice!” the baronet said, in a horror-struck whisper: “her eyes, her face! Oh, Heaven! Who is this?” “Who?” his wife cried, with a second angry shake. “Are you mad ? Who are you looking at ? What do you mean ? Who ?” . “That woman—that girl! \Vho is she ?” “Miss Herncastle. the children’s governess, you idiot!” Lady-Danger field actually called the baronet an "idiot!” and gave him a.second shake into the bargain. “What is there about her to" frighten"-you into, fits, I should, like to know?” ' '*'► ' • '‘-’Miss Herncastle, the governess,V he muttered, failing- back; , “and for one, moment—I thought—I couid ‘have "'Sworn* tt, was—it was:——” .. • ■ ' “ “Well—whom ?” “One dead and buried for six long He turned his back abruptly, and •with that ghastly answer walked into the house. My lady turned angrily upon her new governess. “Really, Miss Herncastle,” she began, haughtily, “this is very extraordinary, I must say. The Earl of Ruysland sees you last night in the moonlight, and takes you for a ghost: Sir Peter Danger field sees you to-day in the sunshine, and takes you for another. Who are you, pray ?” The faintest symptom of an amused smile dawned on the tranquil face of the tall nursery governess. “I am Helen Herncastle, my lady, and the ghost of no one that I know of.” Lady Cecil laughed outright—her sweet, mellow laugh. “How absurd you are, Ginevra. Ghost, indeed! Only evil consciences see ghosts, and Miss Herncastle is much too substantial for ghost or fairy. She resembles someone Sir Peter has once known—dead six years, he said. Was there not a. cousin—a young lady who died suddenly, an-” “Impostor,” said Lady Dangerfield. “Yes, there was—I daresay it is she! It’s not Miss Herncastle’s fault, I sup pose, that she must resemble dead people, but it’s very extraordinary and very unpleasant. My nerves have re ceived a shock they will not recover from for a week. I hate scenes!” Rich with silver, sparkling with cry stal, white with linen, gay with flowers, was the round dinner table at Scars wood that night. My lady, dressed in one of Worth’s most ravishing master pieces, though there-were no gentlemen to admire but her uncle and husband, looked a fit goddess to preside at the feast. Lord Ruysland, bland, urbane, suave, smooth, was faultlessly attired, and with a rose in his button-hole. Lady Cecil, in gold-brown silk, the hue of her eyes, was also there, but not Miss Herncastle. Sir Peter drew a long sigh, of relief. “You’re not looking well, Dangerfield,” my Lord of Ruysland said to Sir Peter; “you positively are not. . You lose flesh, you lose spirits, you lose appetite. It is evident that the air of ScarswOod does' not agree with you. Take my advice, and g‘o abroad.” His lordship was right — the air of Scarswood did not agree with Sir Peter Dangerfield, and never would. “Lady Cecil, is Miss Herncastle’s hair brown or black?” Lady Cecil glanced round, glanced down, for she was the taller of the two, and saw the pinched, yellow face of little Sir Peter. Now, Lady Cecil, out of the greatness of a generous heart, had an infinite pity for all long-suffering things, and she pitied Sir Peter greatly. “My deal- Sir Peter, how you startle me ! I was thousands of miles away, I believe, when you spoke. What did you say? Miss Herncastle—what?” “I asked you if Miss Herncastle had long, light-brown hair?” A curious question, surely. Lady Cecil’s soft, fawn-colored eyes opened a little as she replied. “For its length I cannot answer. Who can tell who has long or short hair in ! these days of chignons and false tresses? Of the color I can speak positively. It is black—jet black.” “Black!" He gave a great gasp of relief. “You are sure, Lady Cecil?” “Certain, Sir Peter. And her eye brows and eyelashes are of the same dense darkness.” “And her eyes, Lady Cecil—are they grey?” “Still harping on my daughter!” laughed La Reine Blanche. “Yes, Sir Peter, they are grey—very dark —very large—very fine. You ap pear to take a most extraordinary in teres1 in Ginevra’s new governess, cer tainly. Resembles, doubtless, some one you have known?” “Resembles! that is not the word for it. I tell you, Lady Cecil,” in a voice of deep, suppressed intensity—“ it is the same face, the same—the same. Older, graver, deeper, changed in some things, but the same. The face of Katherine Dangerfield!” The name had not passed his lips for years. His eyes had a glitter, his whole face an excitement, his voice an inten sity she had never heard before. She drew back from him a little, yet curious and interested too. “Katherine Dangerfield! Yes, I have heard her story. It was in-the papers years ago, and Ginevra told me of her at the time of her marriage. A very sad story—a very sad fate. She lost all— fortune, name, father, and her affianced husband—on her wedding day, and a week after she died. It is the saddest story I think I ever heard. What a das tard, what a cowardly dastard, that man must have been. What became of him, Sir Peter?” “I don’t know—I have neVer asked—I never-cared. I was not to blame—no one has- a right to blame me—I only took what was lawfully my own. She had no shadow of right to Scarswood! How j could T'tell she would die? Other women lose their fathers ,their husbands, their fortunes, and live on. How did I know it would kill her? I say again!” his voice rising shrill, and high, and angry, “no one has a right to blame me!” “And no one does blame you, Sir Peter. Why should they? Of course you could not foretell she would die. And Gine vra’s governess really resembles this poor dead young lady so strongly?” “It is horrible, I tell you, horrible! I thought I saw a ghost when she rose be/\ fore me three hours ago. Lady Cecil/ do you believe in ghosts?” He asked the question abruptly, and with perfect gravity. Lady Cecil laughed. “Believe in ghosts! My dear Sir Peter, who does believe in ghosts in the nineteenth century? Surely, Sir Peter, Vou don’t believe in 'anything so ab -surd?” ,• “You laughed, Lady Cecil,” he said, hoarsely. "In the vulgar superstition no ghost in shroud over came to my bed side, but there are other ways of being haunted. There are dreams—horrible, awful dreams, that come night after night, the same thing over and over, and from which you start up with the cold sweat on your brow and the damp o£ death in your hair—visions that come to you in your sleep from the infernal re gions, I believe, more ghastly than any waiting vision. Over and over, and over the same—what do you call that, Lady Cecil?” ‘‘Hot suppers, Sir Peter, and heavy dinners. Any skilful physician will ex orcise your dreaming apparitions." “And a few miles from here there is a house, Bracken I-Iollow it is called, which no one, not the bravest in' the parish, is willing to pass after nightfall. A house in which a murder once was done, where unearthly sights are seen at unearthly, •hours, and unearthly sounds heard. What do you say to “That it’s a very-common story, in deed. Why. at Olive. Court, papa’s j place in Hants, people say there is a ghost. But what' about this Bracken > Hollow?.'.’ - : • • ■ “An old woman, fives there, A /witch, people saS-?'“She .w'ais ICatheritie Banger- j field’s nhrse~--dkl Hannah.” “'Then'T shall'pay'old Hannah a visit j 'and/investigate.” And, Lady. Cecil walked away, leaving :Sir Peter, gloomily by the window His thoughts were still with Kathe rine Dangerfield, as they nearly always were. What a life, indeed, was his! for evening after evening, rain or shine, summer or winter, through sleet or storm, a "spirit in his feet” led him, whether or no to Katherine Danger i field’s grave. He had no wish to go, but he went—he could not stay away. It had grown such a habit that it seemed to him now if he did not pay that twi light visit she would assuredly visit him before morning dawned. He made his daily pilgrimage to this Mecca, and the people of the town had grown tired of talking and wondering over fit. I “Ho took everything from her when sire was alive,” they said, ‘‘and now that she’s dead he plays the hypocrite, and visits her grave every evening. I won der he isn’t afraid she’ll rise up and confront him.” Perhaps he ' was — it had been the mania of his life. Surely Katherine had kept her vow.. He was, if there ever were in the world, a “haunted man”— j sane enough on. all other things — on this, much thinking- had made him mad. He retired early that night — he was less alone shut up by himself than in the drawing-room with his wife and her j relatives. All night long candles burned I in his bedroom, and one of the men ser vants slept in an open closet adjoining. Never without light, and never alone. i He had grown sleepless too, and it was generally the small hours before slumber came to him. He arose late ■ next day, breakfasted by himself, and did not join the family until luncheon j time. Miss Herncastle was not at that meal, greatly to his relief. It seemed she was to take all hers with the chil- | dren in the nursery. He had his wife’s j hauteur and intolerance to thank for something at least. He returned to his study, spent three ■ bout's impaling his beetles and cock chafers. then, arose, put on his hat, and turned to leave the house. He took the road to Castleford and walked briskly onwards until he reached the church yard. The last light of the July sun came slanting over the downs, through the trees, and lay in ridges of glory upon the graves. It was all strangely hushed ! here:' tfce town with its bustle, and life, ; and noise, lay behind. Death and si lence reigned. He rarely met anyone at this hour; the townspeople were taking their tea. Yonder was the house wherein she had died—yonder her grave, with its grey cross, a granite one now, its brief inscription— “Katherine, setat 17. Resurgam ” He knew it so well—he had been here so often. Would be go on coming here, he wondered wearily, as long as he lived ? He paused. What was that ? He was near the grave, and, standing- look ing down upon it, her back turned to him, he saw a woman. A woman! His heart gave' one great bound, then seemed to turn cold and still. He went on—on—softly over the grass, impelled by the same irresistible fascination that drew 'him there. His feet struck a dry twig: it snapped: the woman turned and looked round. There, over Kathe rine Dangerfield’s grave, looking at him with Katherine Dangerfield’s eyes, stood Miss Herncastle. the governess! j • (To be Continued.) 