, THE P<>RT. PIRIE STAND ARD THUKSDAT, FEBRUARY 18, 1897. HARVEST THANKSGIVING SERVICE?.— On Sunday next th& Rev. W. F. Main will preach at the. Congregational Church. The subjects of discourse are given in another column. ' • . : DEATH OF Mu. MIRRP.AY EWEXS.—W® ragrret to hear of. the dfeath of this ntleman who died in th© Port Augusta gospital oni Frida^ Iast. ; Mr. Ewens -wf^s a-eousin of Mr." A R Ewens of this Port and held the enviable .reputation of being the crack pigeon shot of : the colonies, having secured 64 birds in as many shots. The eanse of Mr. Ewens' death .was consumption. THE WHARVES' COMMISSION. — The steamer Governor Muscrave with t"ho Marine Board arrived here on Friday morning. The Royal Commission re leasing of Government wharves were also passengers. The Wharves' Commission consisting of ihe Hans. E. Ward (chairman). W. RusselL, R. S. Guthrie, and Messrs. McDonald and Shannon, M.P.'a held a meeting at the Institute, and examined several witnesses.. From . the drift of the questions that the Commission were putting tp witnesses it appeared that an impression prevailed in the minds of some of the Commission that the Adelaide Steamship Company got the lease of their wharf too cheap, and afterwards sub-let a portion to Messrs. Cave & Co. Inability to obtain a.sufficient supply of water from the pipes is accounted for by the iact that the Nelshaby reservoir is beint* cleaned out. It is about time another main was put down to connect us with Bestalco. COMPASS CHART DRESS-CUTTING SYS- TEM— Miss Jelfery. who met with such a j cordial reception from the ladies of Poit ] Pirie s^melittle tune ago. is again in our : midst, and will "be, pleased to meet old friends and make .new .acquaintances at : the W.C TvU. Hall daily during February, i when she will explain the simplicity. ; adaptability a ni accuracy of the Compass Chart Dresscutting System. HOMING NOTES.—" Smiler " says:— A j General Meeting of the Nor' Western Ugming Society was held in the District Council Office on Wednesday night, which• office by the way I hear the society have secured for holding their meetings in for the coming flying season. The Committee ; wisely decided not to hold the meetings in an hotel if it were possible to secure a room elsewhere. That the Council chamber is well adapted to the purpose none can deny, plenty of room and every convenience, I "hold the report of the General Meeting over until next week. The following is the society's programme for the the coming season. Young birds, April 24, from Huddlestone ; young birds May Gulnare ; young birds, May 22, Brinkworth ; young birds, June 5, Farrels Flat. Old birds June 19, Brinkworth ; old birds, July 3. Saddleworth; old birds, July .17. Hose worthy ; old birds July 31, Mt. Barker Junction ; old birds, August 14. Murray Bridge ; Young birds. August 28. Saddleworth. Old birds. Sept. 11, CoonalpS'n. Youngbirds, Sept. 25, Rose worthy. Old birds, Oct Serviceton. Young birds, Oct. 23, Adelaide. \- MKTHOBIST UXiON.—The facile pen of the Rev. W. F. James is again at work on this important subject, and he contributes a. three-column afticle to a contemporary. The prominent features of the scheme.are admirably worked out, Air. James must have been to a lot of trouble in getting the matte^ together, and he -concludes an ably-written article with thi6 passage:;— Three pertinent extract:* from recent issues of colonial religious journals, may fiitly close this article. The Melhoiist of Melbourne, says L— Like many Othera. we await the issue .of this great movement with mingled feelings.. Of one thing, however, we are' certain^ be the issue what it may, no one of the four churches represented can ever again be what it was before., ' Alstons has-been set rolling which will effect deep and'radical chrtnges. The common sense of the general public and, above all, of those particularly interested in; this matter^ has .clearly discovered that thef? is no justifiable reason in these lands and in ,this dajr for the divisons of Methodism."- Tfte. ^rtjrfwwi Weekly of South Australia th as voices ttie Methodist heart:— The TTnion question has noiw reached an acute stagct The uppeaLhas been, made to, Church ,'Courts and our members^aud the: results are, in our Imnds. Not much is being publicly said or written, hjit much is felt,'aod tens of thousands am waiting to Bee what the Conference- will do. Now;.if ewer, is the time for much prayer. We need to be in closest touch with the Holy Ghost." Thp- Southern, Cress, of Victoria observes:— It is almost uaimaginabfeTbat any ; ope j can deny the decisiveness of the (people's) vote. If the question were one of politics such a vote would be instantly accepted, and wonld express itseli in law. if tiie Wesl^a» Conference, Laving solemnly in\itedits member's- to vote..on the subject, as in the sight of God, atid having, in response to the--'invitation, j received, a votoer'soioverwhelming; were to j naw ignore vote, or to treat it as leaving. the matter still unsettlad, it would be.an insult to ^e.generai body of its members utterly without precedent! and fickleness. But it is worth - while show whatw.ould be the. position of the Wesleyan Church if, after iis own repeated pledges, and the overwhelming ] vote of its membsrs, it attempiei to ] regard itself _as unpledged to uniofn. It.^ ne^dnotbe doubted, nowever, that the i recent vote will, carry with it decisive 1 moral autherity. YIOLIN RECITA-X;.—LASTJFriday;.after- j no®n the lovers of music in Port? Pide were afforded the unusual treat,'of aj riolin recital. This was .given fa. theT ABaembly H'oom.by Mr: Ckulfield B«toh, who h;is latery- come here rrom Port 1 Angusta. The piano accompanist , was Mias Barnett. TChere .was a large /aiid attentive audience!. The'pro^rammeoontained seven numbers, five for violin, one for banjo, one for piano.; Mr^Bart on was a member of ^he fivnoua Adelaide Sting •Quartette Cliib and has had to. interpret some of the most difficult and . intricate compositions of thg great masters. ' TJiis fact W^LS forcibly brought'to mind by Ikst Fridays miisic. •The .opening number, some mnsic from the-, pogular . i^jin Djin" ballet,, was.bright ana plea.sing-; a feature bqing the pivicato^. playing 1 .of ; various passages. The hext twx>huinbers' a " Wiegeufied " by M. Hauser, and" Raff's: ever welcome " Cavatma " were .beautifully played and showed what is meant by the singular pathos to-be- drawn from strings. ' The "Cavatma" in particular rich in opportunities, for this display, from the opening melbdy of full r deep notes followed by the passionate" forts strain, falling by ggntle cadfences to the solemn pianissimo* finish. The-"'Minuet." bv Mozart gave the stately. measure of older time. A eolo on the :banfo was quaint and ^ood v and revealed that the instrument.skiffully handlted, r is capable of more than, the accompainments- to nigger songs: " The concluding-number was an air with variations by the versatile : writer Yieuxtemps. Althoijgh the air was the . smije^ provoking , Yankee- Doodle " yet iis treat meqi was a. n»sfeerplece, for the writing abounds in intricatenassages, the. composer endeavoring to deiineate the endless resources of the viblin by handling well-known airs. The piano solo by Miss Barnett was brilliantly played, the work was evidently,from the hands of. thte old-time -favorite-. Sidney Smith ; and the lady's clever execution of tha arpeggio passages evoked admiration Mr. Barton is. a musical enthusiast, and competent toatake pupils for various instruments' he hopes, apart from the ordinary routine of" raus-.c? and singing reasons, to organize, in Port Pirie a. band of strings. With the: varied musical talent and taste of this town, it is felt that how it will be possible to get together some wdl organised musical association a credit to its members, and a sotirce of educaticxi and pleasure to all. When the present oppressive heat wave has passed over, a series of such recitals as that of last Friday would surely be wel- -coiiaed 'by all musiclovers. ShouM sac^k be possible, it is hoped that all students of music would make a point to attend. It is a recn^nised fjict. that it is one of the best finishing lesions to be present at an exposition of ^nod music bv accepted performers. Port Pirie has Had its share of musical sucses-ses. these .must not be accepted and no further progress attempted, Every student should xJo his or her share to make this town an important musical centre. Mr. A. F. Calvert has published a work on the aborigines of West Australia. The natives in the neighborhood of the Oakover river are particularly referrd to and the author does not think all that might have been done for the Australian black has been done. Possibly Mr. Calvert will be inclined to do a little more for the natives of the Oakover when he loams the fate of Messrs Wei's aud Jones. The Oakover blacks would make uke pets. 