PRESBYTERIAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY. The morning sitting yesterday, presided over by the Reverend the Moderator, opened with devotional services, led by the Revs. Wilson, Ewan, and Pollock, after which the sacrament of the Lord's Supper was dispensed to the assembled ministers and delegates. The Revs. Messrs. Bell (New South Wales), Jones (Victoria), and Stewart were associated as corresponding members. Mr. George Hall read the report of the Presbytery of Brisbane, which spoke of the induction of the Rev. W. S. Frackelton, BSc, Ph.D., at Ann-street Church, the death of the Rev. P. H. Laird, of Churchbank, the resignation of the Rev. A. C. Smith, Mowbraytown, and the tendered resignation of the Rev. G. D. Buchanan, B.A., the visit of the Rev. Dr. McSwaine to the old country, and a call laid on the table from the Mowbraytown congregation in favour of the Rev. George Ewan, of Herberton, and a new church opened at Manly. On the motion of the Rev. W. D. Meiklejohn, seconded by Dr. Knipe, the report was adopted. The reports of the Maryborough, Toowoomba, and Townsville Presbyteries, which were already in the hands of members of the court, were taken as read. Some discussion took place regarding an entry in the Toowoomba Presbytery's report relating to the Allora church property. The Rev. W. C Radcliffe moved, and Mr. George Hall seconded,—"That the report be referred back to the Presbytery for re- vision." Dr. Frackelton proposed an amendment, which was seconded by Dr. Hay,—"That its consideration be deferred till the report of the Title Deeds Committee was forthcoming." Mr. Proven (Toowoomba) moved, and the Rev. A. Wilson seconded, a further amendment,— "That some verbal changes be made in the entry under con- sideration." Ultimately, the motion and, first amendment were withdrawn, when Mr. Proven's amendment became the substantive motion, which was carried, and the report adopted. This report spoke of a probable early settlement of the Rev. R. M. Legate at Dalby, the ordination and induction of the Rev. R. T. Wallace at Killarney, and the Induction of the Rev. S. Brown at Goondiwindi. The Townsville Presbytery's report recorded the removal of the Rev. A. M. Gauld from Townsville to Orange, New South Wales, the erection of a church by Messrs. Drysdale Bros, on the Pioneer Plantation, Lower Burdekin, and the licensing to preach the Gospel of Mr. John McLean McIntyre. It was adopted on the motion of the Rev. A. McWatt Allan, seconded by the Rev. George Ewan. The report of Rockhampton Presbytery was also read and adopted. On the motion of the Rev. R. Kerr, a committee was appointed to examine the Records of Presbyteries and Stand- ing Committees. Mr. George Hall presented the report of the Hospitality and Arrangements Committee, which was adopted on the motion of the Rev. A. McWatt Allan, seconded by the Rev. J. Barr. The report of the Committee on Finance, Statistics, etc, was read by Mr. George Hall. The Committee on Finance, Statistics, &c.; report a growing interest in the schemes of the church among several of the congrega- tions, but on the part or others there appears to be ample room for more vigorous effort and greater liberality. The committee also remark It is gratifying to note the financial assistance rendered each , year by the Women's Missionary Union, while the contributions from the various organisations prove that our young people are also taking an intelligent and practical interest in Christian work. The gross revenue of all the funds amounts to £1463 (6s. 9d., against £883 43s 1d. last year. The total amount contributed by congrega- tions and their agencies to the schemes of the Church is £398 9s. 10d., which shows an increase of £28 14s. 10d. over that of last year. On the three missionary schemes there is an aggregate increase of £43 13s. 5d. compared with last year's. In the matter of donations the liberality of two "friends" and of others is most encourag- ing. Their example is worthy of admira- tion and imitation. The assessment of 1½ per cent on stipends for Assembly Expenses Fund amounts to £83 6s. 5d., being £20 less than last year. Your committee, as empowered by last Assembly, exercised their discretion in writing off, wholly or in part, the amount of arrears due by several congregations to the extent of £74 15s. 3d. The position of the fund is as follows: Amount of assessments for 1896-7, £143 12s.; amount of arrears, £40 17s. 11d. £183 9s. 11d., amount paid before closing of books. £83 6s. 5d.; arrears on the 1st April, 1897, £101 3s. 6d. Since the books were closed the following have been received:— For home missions—United Presbyterian Church of Scotland £50, and a sum of £20 11s. 1d. from four congregations for Assembly Expenses Fund, £9 from two congrega- tions and for the Kanaka Mission, £10 through Rev. Dr. Paton, from B. Nicholson. Esq., Annan, Scotland, and £1 2s from a Sabbath school. In the statistics branch of their work, the committee regret to have to present an unsatisfactory report, on account of the continued incompleteness of the returns. Last year, it may be remembered, there was a very decided improvement upon all preceding years, but the Church has again taken a retrograde step. The Church still comprises forty-eight charges, but from six of these no returns could, be expected, either from total want or irregularity of supply or from inherent weakness. Of the returns made by the remaining charges only fourteen reached the Convener before the time fixed (15th March), and eighteen were forwarded some time afterwards, leaving ten defaulting charges. The percentage of returns is seventy-six, being 12.6 less than last year. The Rev. Richard Kerr proposed, and Dr. Frackelton seconded, the following deliver- ance, which was adopted Adopt the reports ; thank the committee, and especially the convener, for their diligence ; recommend that the representatives of defaulting \- congregations, whether In the matter of collections or statistical returns, be requested by the Moderator to make explana- tion to this Assembly ; impress on clerks of Presbyteries the duty of inquiring, quarterly, whether the collections for the schemes of the Church have been attended to by all congregations within their bounds ; aird enjoin that the statistical returns be sent through Presbytery clerks, who shall be held responsible for their production, and in cases of failure report the defaulters to the General Assembly. The financial statement was adopted on is the motion of the Rev. R. Kerr, seconded by Mr. J. H. Robertson, and coupled with the motion, " That the best thanks of the As ' Bembiy be given to Mr. R. S. Lang, who has " taken up his late lamented father's work." " - Presbyterian Hymn Book ' ' Dr. Hay delivered a verbal report on the adoption of a common Presbyterian hymn book. He was very sorry to say that at the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, which met this time last year, or thereabouts, some little difficulty cropped up which had to a certain extent interfered with the unanimity of the committee, but she believed that the book was now in (hand and it would before long be issued. He had received suggestions from others, and sent home a number of his; own, and some of these had been attended to, others had not. There were some points in the book which he thought were to be regretted. For example, he had strongly urged the re- tention of the best of the paraphrases. To think the committee had not consented, but the hoped that another suggestion he had made would be adopted namely, that the older and more familiar tunes, which by long practice had become GO familiar would be retained. One of the drawbacks of the " church prayer" was that some of those old familiar tunes had been omitted and others not equal to those from a musical point of View substituted. He hoped that in that direction the book would be improved. Hymns were to be found in it which, to his mind, were not hymns at all. He did not know whether they would consider it satisfactory that the Royal Anthem should appear as one of the hymns. When it was completed and issued it would be open to any congregation to adopt it Personally he was rather inclined to say that it would be well for them, unless some improvements were effected, to be content with a' Church Praise." The Rev. G. D. Buchanan reported on the deputation to the Education Department a with a view to having the following Provision inserted in regulation 17 of the regulations made in connection with the Education Act, namely :-" Provisional school buildings, one-half the cost of which has been defrayed by the inhabitants for the holding of religious services as well as other lawful purposes." The Under Secretary and the Minister for Education had been waited on, and they seemed to regard the matter in a favourable light, and to be desirous to meet the wishes of the deputation if the various religious denominations could agree as to using of the buildings. Nothing further had, however, been done. A committee was appointed to pursue the matter. The Moderator announced that he had waited on his Excellency the Governor, who had fixed Friday, noon, as the time for receiving the address to the Queen. EVENING SITTING. The evening sitting was opened by sing- ing a orton of the 102nd Psalm. Dr. Hay led' the devotional exercises. The attended ance of the public outside the bar was small. The Moderator's Address. The Moderator, the Rev. S. Glasgow Crawford, in his address to the Assembly reviewed the position of Christianity at this the close of the nineteenth century. He argued from statistics that the proportion of the Christian population to the whole population of the world was not greater to-day than it was thirty years ago. The smallness of the numbers added to the Church, the paucity of attendance upon public worship, the small proportion of men who attend Church services, the declension in spiritual life, the alarming growth of the grosser evils, and other characteristics of the time. He referred to the intense dissatisfaction of the Church with the condition of spiritual things, and argued that such condition must be explained by the prevailing conditions of the century-the many influences which have come with mighty force to bear against religion upon the heart and intellect of men. Amongst these were mentioned the tremendous advance in scientific discoveries and philosophic theories, the " higher criticism" within the Church, the study and comparison of religious systems, and sacred works other than Christian, and the changed material conditions of the people. The poor held the opinion that the Church exists only for the rich, whilst the rich, satisfied with the pleasures wealth supplies (offended with the Church for her sympathy with the poor, and her advocacy of many of the demands which the poor were righteously making) had forsaken the Church, or extended to her only a contemptuous patronage or a \pit tance. in bringing his paper to a conclusion, he said Contemporaneous with these great movements of the century political, social, financial, Intellectual have been the great religious movements, the great missionary enterprise, development of Sabbath school work, organisation of women for temperance, mission, and congregational work : the Salvation Army, the Anglo Catholic movement of 1848 culminating in the late attempted union with Rome ; Presbyterian disruptions, which have come to world-wide federation in the Pan-Presby- terian Council ; wide-spread schemes of union, federation, co-operation ; the formation of guilds, unions, fellowship, and Christian Endeavour Societies ; the Students Volunteer movement, scarce ten years old, which now enrols thousands of our best students in all parts of the world, who have pledged themselves to personal devo- tion to Christ, and service in any part of the world. into the congregation have come pleasant Sunday afternoons, praise services, evangelistic meetings, and the ire quent discussion in the pulpit of social and public questions bearing more or less directly on the religious life of the community. I mention these, not to condemn or praise or to judge in any way regarding their worth, but simply to show the earnestness with which the Church is endeavouring to attract the people, and keep them within the influence of Christian worship. Our literature, too, is permeated with new thought ; our scientists and philosophers are no longer antagonistic to the Christian faith ; our laws are better adapted for the elevation of the poor, and wider distribution of wealth and our Bible is becoming reinstated in the affections and faith of the people. Even where there is a professed dislike for the Church, there is an expressed admiration for the teaching of Christ and His apostles.- With all this (wealth of new enterprise and evidence of new progress, two-feet the presence of doubt regarding eternal verities, and indifference regarding eternal things. There is not, perhaps, that active opposition to the gospel, that opposition to the faith, which formerly prevailed ; but there is doubt, indif ference, contempt, which it is difficult to meet. The study of the Acts of the Apostles, specially prescribed for this year, should lead us back; again to the divine models, might show us the divine method namely, the preaching of the gospel and the power of the Holy Ghost. We do no mighty work because of our unbelief. Sinners must be converted ; souls must be saved ; or woe, unutterable woe. "All power is given unto Me in heaven and in earth." " Go ye, therefore, and make disciples of all nations." " Lo, I am with you always." " Yo," ministers and elders and people ; " we," the members of this General Assembly. Failure lies not in the gospel, nor in the God of the gospel. Failure must arise upon the human side. During the meeting of this Assembly many questions will arise regarding statistics and finance ways and means : but there will frequently come opportunities for considering this higher question : Now the preaching of the gospel will be rendered more effective on the human side for the salvation of the world. Let us seek, while here, not excellence in debate, but power with God, and perchance there will come upon this Assembly, and upon this city, showers of blessing, and we shall return to our respective fields of , labour with renewed strength to win the world for God. The Rev. G. D. Buchanan, while thanking the Moderator tot his excellent address, differed from many of the points advanced by him, and was certainly not inclined to take such a pessimistic view of things as the Moderator took Dr. Knipe seconded the proposal of thanks to the Moderator. Mr. George Hall intimated that the "Women's Presbyterian Missionary Union in- vite the ministers and elders to tea at the Temperance Hall on Friday afternoon. The Rev. A. Wilson presented report No. 1 of the Christian Work Committee, deal- ing with Sabbath schools, Christian Endeavour Societies, and the Fellowship Union. The Rev. Andrew Chapman presented the report No. 2, comprising evangelistic work, temperance, and Sabbath observance, and emphasised the importance of evangelistic effort in the Church. The Rev. W. C. Radcliffe proposed that the clauses of the deliverance on these reports be considered seriatim, and that the report be adopted, and the committees, and , especially the conveners, he thanked for their diligence. Seconded by Mr. J. H. Robertson. The. Rev. G. D. Buchanan proposed an amendment, that a committee be appointed of the conveners of the various committees, with a few other members of Assembly, to reconsider and reconstruct" the deliver- ance, and submit to the Assembly. Dr. Frackelton seconded, and Dr. Hay supported. The Rev. A. Wilson and Mr. A. C. Smith supported the motion. The amendment was lost, and the motion carried. The Assembly now went into Committee of the Whole. Clause 2-" That the scheme of examinations he approved." Mr. W. A. Smith spoke in favour of quarterly examinations. The Rev. W. C. Radcliffe asked if teachers were allowed to compete with scholars in the senior division. The Convener answered in the affirmative. Mr. Radcliffe moved that this be altered. After lengthy discussion, in which Dr. Hay, Mr. J. H. Robertson, Rev. A. C. Wilson, Rev. G. D. Buchanan, Dr. Frackelton, and Mr. Stupart took part, it was decided that the clause should read,-" That the scheme of examinations be approved except in so far as it permits teachers to compete in the senior division." Clause 3-" That a young people's day be appointed, to be observed on the third Sabbath ' of October, and a collection be appointed to be taken in aid of Sabbath schools and other organisations for the young." The Rev. G. D. Buchanan proposed that the part after the word " Oc- tober" be left out. This was adopted. It was further decided that the committee recommend that there should be an exchange of pulpits on that day. After further consideration of the reports the Assembly adjourned. A French autograph collector says the signature of Christopher Columbus can always find a buyer at £800. 