Under the Kope Trees. (Por the "Town and Country Journal.") Groups of Maoris were scattered among the whares of the pah, yet the settlement was silent almost. Fat Sam, the half-caste, lay dying. The doer was open, and the natives passed softly in, and looking with rolling eyes, turned and went out again. Fat Sam lay quietly, his neck in great wales of flesh ; his hands swollen and sod den: and yet he was jolly enough with his big smile. It was hardly credible that he would be a corpse in a day's time. According to the Maori doctor, Fat Sam was makutu (bewitched), but the one ana only doctor (English) In the district put it down as dropsy, pure and unadulterated. The young bucles of the pah wait ed ini hopes. "By golly! Sam 'e die, plenty big tangi;" and a burial feast to a Maori oonïtituted a huge picnic; the higher the rank of de ce3sed the bigger the tangi. Al ready surreptitiously caees of bot tled beer were finding .storage in the outskirts of the pah, and at sunset the native girls as they strayed through the kope treas chanted mechanically thä dirg3 of the dead, for Fat Sam was popular among the "waihines." Lite that evening French Charlie rode into the settlement, a wizened little Frenchman, with big hands, and email ferret's eyes. The nativrs gathered round him, shaking hands -it was not his popularity, but Charlie had been the sick man's mate. "Wher is ze poor sick Sam?" he asked. The Maoris painted to the whare. The Frenchman broke through them, and went stealthily but quickly inside. He stopped bsfore the sick man, who was lying on the ground, hLs eyes staring at the half caste, and the relations of the suf ferer were silent, wondering at the strange way of the white man. Then Sam's eyes met the French man's. He yelled out, throwing his great fat hands befara him, and French Charlie, leaning down, glair ed at him. "Ah! sacre! My friend, I haf you. I zee you now. Where iss eet? Where ees my -." He stopped suddenly, looking round at the nativei?, then meeting the eye3 of the white doctor, he ian to him, crying, "Dootaira! doetaire! 'B will not die, zis great fat pig?" "Shut up! Charlie,' said the Doc tor; "of course, he's going to d e!" The Frenchman rushed to the bed again, and Fat Sam screamed in Maori, "Keep him back, this French beast!" The Maoris rushed .in from out side, and threw French Charlie out into the sunset. The English doc tor followed him, wondering. " Charlie," said the Doctor, "what's the trouble?" The Frenchman leaned against a post, a fierce glint in his eyes. " 'E 'ass my treasure, doetaire." "Tre.'sure? What are you talk ing about?" French Charlie crossed quickly to the door again. The doctor follow ed, and laid his hand on the man's shoulder. "Wo'oh! Charlie! don't disturb my patient." The natives gathered round the two men, and Rangi, the old chief, asked-"This Frenchman-what is his talk?" The doctor turned Charlie round, looking him in the eyes. *' Go home, Charlie, you're ill," he said. French Charlie threw the doc tor's hand off-"No! eacre! 'e 'ass my treasure!" The natives gathered round won dering, and the native girls came stringing through the. kope tre:s and listened, flashing their big, dark eyes. The doctor turned to the chief "Torangi (mad)," he raid. Then French Charlie broke sud denly through the natives, and they drew baok in 'fear. He got into the whare of the sick man, with the Doctor at his heels, and the mother of the sufferer roue up, cursing the Frenchman. "Go away, dog! May you eat your father's head; may the Taipo (devil) dance on your mother's grave!" French Charlie sprang across the floor to where Fat Sam lay, but the woman rcse up, and hit at him with a bit of bullock chain. Then the natives poured in, and threw him down. "No go! Charlie!" said the Doc tor. " 'E 'ass my treasure! "What is it?" asked the Doctor. French Charlie rolled his eyes from side to side; he would not speak. "Well?" said the Doctor. " I cannot eay, dootalre ; let me search 'im, zis fat pig," cried Char lie. The natives muttered together for a few moment?. The big fat man lay rolling hie eyes, his great flabby neck trembling. The native womän, his mother, leant over him, and at that moment Charlie yelled out "Quick! quick! 'e 'ass it!" He struggled, but the native on his stomach was strong, fat, and heavy. Then the woman drew away from her dying son again. Said the Doctor: "Let him search." So they loosed the Frenchman, and pulled the blanket from the dying man. He muttered feebly, iud the froth stood on his lips. The chief stocd over French Charlie, while he eagerly pulled the bed ding about, one poor mattrass and a dirty blan ket. The dying man moaned, and the perspira tirn lay in sweat upon his face and hands. Through his woolly bair, in his ears, he searched; then he stood back, glaring at Fat Sam. For a moment the sick man's face wore a smile, the native woman (hlB mother) crooned to herself, her face hidden in her arms, and the chief moved back a little. Suddenly French Charlie dropped down again, and poked his big fingers in the sick man's mouth. "Open zo mcuth," he cried, while Fat Sam rolled his head, and his face was horrible to look upon. He gave a sudden gasp, and the French man's clutch tightened upon his throat. The Doctor throw him back. "Are you mad?" he said. " 'E 'as swallow ze great treasure," yelled Charlie. Fat Sam lay back insensible, and the native woman hung over him cursing the Frenchman. Charlie raved and cursed till again they threw him outside. That night Fat Sam died slowly, solemnly (a great mass of dropsical flesh), and the long, low wail of the native women rang through the kope trees. * * * * Down through the kope trees the Maoris carried the rough wooden coffin out on to the rise over looking the sea, and the sun came glinting through the bush and touched the white hills of sand. They laid the coffin beside the open grave, and the dead man's head lay facing the sun. Then solemnly the chief read the Maori version of the burial service, and all was silent but the lunge of the surf below-even the birds were hushed in the heat of the noonday. The coffin was lowered, and "ashes to ashes, dust to dust," came clearly from the old chief. The old mother sat, her head buried low in her arma, and the green wreath about her bend shook as she sobbed. As the first shovelful of dirt fell, French Charlie groaned, and be stood out from the group, his body trembling, an awful look in his eyes. The grave was filled. The grieving mother rose, un covering her head, and the mourners trouped back again through the kope trees, and as the mother ipasised French Charlie sihc isipat upon tho ground and -cursed him. That evening, as the doctor was drinking up the fag end of the bottled beer, Charlie spoke to him, and he, rising, followed the Frenchman out across the pah. French Charlie stopped at the edge of the kope trees. He spoke eagerly. "Will you 'elp me to get it, Doctaire?" "Get what?" "My tresure, Doctaire, my diamond." "What?" "My diamond! Doctaire, my beautiful! diamond! zat Fat Sam, 'e iss swallow it. My peautiful gem is in zat dead man's stomach." The Doctor spoke, his eyes shining. "A dia mond, Charlie? Was it a big one?" ? "Look!" said Charlie, showing the top of his thumb, "zat big. Yes!" Said the Doctor: "You want to get the dia mond. What will you give me?" "Won 'alf, Doctaire." Then the doctor woke up. "Run quick! Char lie, get two spades, and go down to the grave, but for God's sake be careful." * * *. The two men dug down in the moonlight silent ly, and the Doctor's breath came In Bhort gasps. He was a fat man, and out of condition. At last they got the coffin out, and prized the lid off. Pat Sam lay there, his personal effects beside him, and cn his breast was a wreath of kope leaves. ? . * * "Here it is, Charlie. Good Heavens! What a size. Throw some sand over the blood. Ah! you dog!" The Frenchman stood back, a big knife in his hand, and the Doctor had him covered with a revolver, the bloodstained gem in his hand. "You dog!" he said; "I have a mind to keep the lot. Get the spade. Quick!" The Frenchman took the spade, and the Doctor put the corpse back, and rolled the coffin into the hole. Then Charlie filled it in, cureing all the while. Thoy cleared up the traces, and tho Doctor led the way back to his house. They eat opposite each other over the table, and the Doctor held the diamond. He wiped it care fully, and held lt to the light, the Frenchman staring wildly. "Curious!" muttered the Doctor. Then he rose>, s nd flashed it in a dark corner. French Charlie etood over him. Then suddenly he cried hoarsely "Quick! Doctaire! bring it to ze table." The Doctor put the stone down, and lay hii3 hand over it. "This is no diamond, Charlie." "Yes. Let me 'ave it." The Doctor pitched it carelessly. "Gla.;s!" hs said. French Charlie grabbed it up, held it to the light. The Doctor took it again from his trembling hand, and, placing it on the table, struck it with the handle of his whip. It scattered to pow der. "Ah, swindled, Doctaire." And Charlie fell senseless. * * * * At night, when Fat Sam's griev ing motlier feels lonely, she takes a beautiful diamond from the folds of her drees, and flashes it, and calls it. the spirit of her dead son; then iihe cu roes the father and mother of Ide: Frenchman, who ia always hanging about the Whare. The Doctor says Charlie was swindl ed over the diamond, for it W3s but gla¿-s; but French Charlie and the old native woman know better. Robert Allan. Defeating a (j host. I am an old bachelor, but I am not crusty or cross-grained; I like to see people enjoying themselves - especially young people-and that is why I resent ed the intrusion of the ghost. It was Christmas Eve, and a young sapling had been brought in from the bush to serve as a Christmas tree. It was laden with ornaments, and all the usual things that go to make the heart of childhood glad, and I was busy admiring the whole effect, when his ghostship enter ed. I did not notice how he came in, but a chilly feeling in the room caused me to look round, and there he was, seated in my own especial armchair. "Well, that's pretty cool of you," I said, indignantly. "Do you know that that chair is re served for me?" , "Mortal, if you quarrel with me I will haunt you till your dying day," he replied in a se pulchral voice. "Come! get out of that chair at once!" I said. He took no notice of the de mand further than a derisive re quest to "come and put me out." Now I expected that the childreu of the house and their friends would be in soon, and I did not want them to find a genuine ghost in possession. So I ac cepted his invitation, and caught him by the arm. According to all ghost literature I ever had read, ray hand ought to have gone right through him; but it did not-the ann broke off. He chuckled, and, picking it up again, calmly stuck lt back on his body. This irritated me, and I, therefore, knocked his head off. No use; he put it on again. "In the name of goodness, what sort of a ghost are you, anyway ?" I said. "What are you made of?" . He laughed grimly. "Why, I am a real Christmas ghost. I'm constructed of icing sugar." " "Oh ! then you are no novelty, I replied. "There's another one of you in the house already." "That can't possibly be," he retorted. "I've got the patent rights to this kind of ghost busi ness." . _ V ' . "Then somebody is infringing the patent," I replied. "Where is he? Let me at him!" he exclaim ed angrily, at the same time rising from his chair, or, rather, my chair. I led the way, carefully avoiding the rooms where the children were, till at last I got him into the laundry. He followed me unsuspici ously, and while he was peering round for his enemy I connected the hose with the water pipe, and turned it on him. "Wh-what's this?" he spluttered. "Oh! just a little idea of mine," I said, jo cosely, as I played the stream at his legs. In a minute or two they were dissolved, and he was helpless. He implored mercy; but I reso lutely sluiced him till he was thoroughly dis solved and washed down the sink. ' Then the strain must have been too great, for I remember nothing till I woke On Christmas morning-with a bad headache. . ZBF. ;; 