THE GOLDEN FLEECE. ____________ (BY A GOLDFIELD EXPERT.) _____________ It is gratifying to note for many reasons, that the alluvial discover- ies at Kanowna are holding out well and that the promise of their permanence is likely to be realised. A new discovery of ironstone con- glomerate, stated by the local paper to be " fairly glistening with gold." has been made on the North Lead, while the average output from the older shows is being well main- tained. The pity of it for Kanowna is that it gets very little credit for its large gold production, the bulk Of the metal being taken to Kal- goorlie and there banked, and afterwards exported as & local product. A new township has sprung up in the never-never country, on the other side of Kurnalpi, It is called by the euphonious title of Mul- gabby, and according to a petition for mail facilities forwarded to Mr. Vosper recently, it has already a population of 63 persons who are increasing by new arrivals daily, And are all doing well at both al- luvial and reefing. In connection with the latter seven leases have already been taken up. . . . Some of the mines around Black Flag and Bardoc are in a parlous way. The Half-Mile Reef, over Which some gallons of ink were wasted in the boom times, has been shut down, while the Black flag Proprietary, floated for £600,000, has had, it is said, a crushing of 1,500 tons-for a return of 1½dwt.to the ton! It is refreshing to turn from these depressing circum- stances to the progress being made by the Hill End, which has com- menced crushing , and will average an ounce right through, and to the numerous trial crushings around Broad Arrow, which indicate that there is still "corn in Egypt," although darkness broods over the land. . . . Dunnsville-the historic spot where Alex, Forrest stood on a mullock heap and defied the en- tire population of the goldfields and afterwards regaled them with Whisky-has at last had a crushing. It is a good one, also. The Kin- ambla Wealth of Nations has crushed some 700 tons for over 900oz ! After this we may not be Surprised at anything. This is truly the "resurrection and the life". . . . I have heard that it is the in- tention of the Government to abrogate the proclamation which made North Dandalup officially a goldfeild Despite this, however, Lovett, Byass, and others are still pegging away, and assert that far- ther they sink the richer the ore becomes. It was originally worth about 3dwt. to the ton, now it goes us much as 15 dwt. If this be so there is still hope that Perth may have a goldfield "on its own." ........ Bayley's United tailings we turning out a lot better than was generally expected. I venture to predict that once the Directors Set themselves to work the mine instead of the market, Bayley's will again figure in the dividend list. . . . By the bye, how is it that we hear so little of the Credo ? This property has al wa yS been regarded «s one of the be ,the best in Broad Arrow district, and it is time it began to produce something besides water. . . . Probably no mineral centre in this colony or out of it has had more wet - nursing than the Collie, and it would be very difficult to find one in which there is less shown for the money. First there Was a series of bores which prac- tically prospected the whole country. Then the Government mine was sunk at a large outlay.. next the' railway was started, Costing about £100,000; and the Bunbury harbour works, whence the coal is to be exported to heaven knows where, will run into another £100,000. It would be safe to say that fully £250.000 has already been spent on this dis- trict, and the result up to date apparently is that not enough coal Could be produced to supply the local branch line. Yet the coal is there, hundreds of thousands of tons of it. and of good quality, too. The fact is that people have been allowed to come in and monopolize the country without doing any- thing in exchange ; exemptions have been granted far too freely. and the owners of thousands of acres have only a few pot holes to show for their work and expen- diture.The success of the coal- field,as such,I believe to be assured, but a lot of solid work will have to be done before it will pay for the vast expenditure al- ready Incurred in connection with it. The Minister should see to it that every mine in the place is set working with the utmost rigour of the law as soon as the first engine passes up the railway. . . . Writing of the much, advertised Bonnie Charlie, the Kanowna Democrat says :-" A well-defined lode of no less 'than nine feet has been found east of the old work- ings, and has been proved for a distance of 270 feet. The lode runs about N.E. to S.W., and dips about one in four. Gold is plainly visible in the face of the lode, which is composed of laminated quartz, schist, and oxide of iron. Several bags of the ore have already been sent to Adelaide in order that the directors may see the great improvement which has taken place in the mine. Manager James informed our representative that it was intended to push on with development work, and almost immediately make arrange- ments for machinery. This mine -whether by bad management or not we are not prepared to say- has for some time past been somewhat under a cloud, but we have every faith, in the property, and feel sure that in the immediate future it will be one of the chief gold- producers in this goldfield." The worst of it is that too much ore is habitually sent to the directors and too little to the battery. Surely the days of hawking specimens about are pretty well over? According to the same authority the Shamrock -an adjoining property, owned in England-has no reef worth men- tioning, but has an off-chance of getting the " Prince of Wales" on its western boundary. Whether H.R.H. will be much use when he is got we don't know, but it would be no harm if the English directors would kindly allow their " mana- ger" to try. The Lily Australis and White Feather main reef are said to be looking as well as can be expected, thank you . . . The colony is to be congratulated upon the appointment of Mr. All- hausen as one of the assistant geologists. It is gratifying to observe that the Government are at last awaking to a sense of their responsibilities in this important respect, and that nearly £6.000 is this year to be expended upon the much needed geological ex- amination of the colony. To this work Mr. Allhausen will be a most serviceable auxiliary, and his world-wide experience should stand him in good stead. . . . Apropos- of geology, very quick work has been accomplished by Mr. Blatchford in the survey of Coolgardie. I presume that the operations of the geologist have been confined to the immediate neighbourhood of the town, for the gold- belt itself is far too large to be properly examined in so brief a period. The survey of even a portion of this important zone, if properly carried out, will afford the country a wealth of most valuable information. * * * The chief of this department, Mr. A. Gibb Maitland, has just returned from a casual examina- tion of the Murchison fields, and in an interview with the Press said that he left Perth early in September last and made North- ampton his first place of call. While there be completed a large- scale geological map of the copper and lead-mining district. This would be published in due course. An important discovery was made while he was there, and he was of opinion that that would be only one of many of a similar nature which would be made with judi- cious prospecting in the district. From Northampton he proceeded right up the Murchison from Ger- aldine to Mount Blair, via Badger- adda and Tilly, thence to Mount Narryer and Mount Gould, in the ranges of which Mount Hale and Mon lit Taylor form, the principal heights. From there he proceeded to Mount Fraser and Mount Pad- bury, and on to Peak Hill. All the country in those localities was auriferous, and worth prospecting. Up to the present time it had hardly been prospected at all. At Peak Hill work was proceeding busily. From there he went to Horseshoe, at which place there were but few people. This was the district where large quantities of alluvial gold was discovered some time ago, and he was certainly of opinion: that alluvial should be looked for in that locality. On leaving Horseshoe he returned via Peak Hill and Cue, and arrived in Perth on Wednesday afternoon. The season while he was away was a very good one, but he found teat he had left Perth too late to carry out his original intention of going on to Pilbarra. He would not leave Perth again for some little time, as he would be engaged in preparing a report on the dis- tricts he had examined. These would be accompanied by explana- tory maps, and would be laid before the Minister of Mines in due course. In view of this report, Mr. Maitland said that he was not prepared to make a more exhaus- tive statement concerning the mining at, and prospects of, the fields he had visited. * * * This report should prove highly interesting reading, but I am in a position to confirm what Mr. Maitland says of the Lower Murchison district, having per- sonally examined and reported upon it nearly three ysars ago. Similar statements may also be truthfully made about the valleys of the Wooramel and the Lower Gascoyne. * * * Another interesting report on our auriferous resources in the north of the colony has been fur- nished hy Mr. H. G. Wright, War- den of the Ashburton Goldfield. Mr. Wright has spoken very highly of the prospects of the two fields referred to. His main camp, he says, is 210 miles south-east of Onslow, on O'Grady's Creek, a tributary of the Ashburton River. At that spot, and the vicinity, there were in 1892 about 2000 men looking for alluvial, and they were fairly successful in their search. About that time, how- ever, the Murchison fields came into prominence, and the pros- pectors deserted their old love for the new. Since then the O'Grady's Creek locality had been intermittently prospected. He is sure that a properly equipped prospecting party, with capital to work and wait developments, would find gold in quantity. There is a lot of country which looks likely to be rich in reefing, outcrops extending in all directions over a very large area. Five leases are being worked, and are looking well. At the Gorge there is a cutting down about 14ft. by 30ft, and two rich leaders were found going down strongly. The owners of this show have a one- head battery, and have crushed 14oz. to the ton. At the Gorge the stone is highly mineralised.. Mr. Wright states that he has caused Some stone to be assayed, xs^ich. was taken from a 7ft. wide loae, extending over a mi1 ñ length, and copper, siVer, and gold had been fou'nf in ^ ju jjj8 opinion tb Gorg<5 country is w«ll wort", systematic prospecting. Wa»* is wanted & that the Go- vernment should .sïnk wells, as the water difficulty -ig great, and to supply the prospectors with a portable^ battery. Mr. Wright's district is a Very large one, and from his own main camp he has periodically -to visit Bangemall, on the Gascoyne fields, -about 320 miles awa.y. There, Mr. Wright says, considerable development work has been done. At the Gem one shaft is, down 80ft., and two Others to 40ft. There is alargebody of stone, showing fair gold, and the stone is well mineralised. The Eldorado is down about 60ft., which is the water level. The reef is between weli defined walls, and has opened 0Ufe 6ft.. at the j bottom, gold bejng obtained right through. In tne loose stone fine gold is obtained by washing. At this spot there î^ a good supply of water anda lot ©f mulga timber, so that there is every facility for mining. In both the Ashburton and the Gascoyne fields there is a large quantity pf stone at glass, but owing to ll^e absence of a battery it is impossible to crush ii. Mr. Wright brought down with him several specimens of reef gold, which he handed over to the Go- vernment Geologist to be placed in the Muse am. . . * # j The General Wt,îse]ey mine, at ¡ Gordon, has finally - given up the « ghost," and the company ¡s being ' "wound np.'' whic*\ signifies that the shareholders are about "run down." Matters are looking as well as ever at Menzies, and good crushings continue to be reported from all the principal mines. * * * The returns of crushings furnished to the Mines Department during the week ending December. 14, «bow* a total of 16,736oz. 16 dwt." l$gft of gold from 15,556 tona of- stone. It is worthy of -note ¿bat of this total the Kal- goorlie field is responsible for only 8,4!95oz. 19dwt. Mgr. * ? « The Mûtning # Herald ^ in com- menting on the importation of 16 tons of 'dynamite by the Lake View Consols,. describes the stuff as " powder," Which shows that the Herald mining man has never seen dynamite. #, # * Block 48 of the Hampton Plains is turning out well, aud has now a settled population of about 200 alluvial diggers, besides which some little reefing is being carried on with fair prospects. < # . . 1 The Westralia, (Coolgardie) one! of* the best mines in the colony, will shortly increase its stamping power from 20 to 40 head. Which is an excellent omen. . ? # A good development has taken place at Hannants Croesus, very rich gold baring been struck be- tween the 120ft. and the ¿0ft. levels. A rise was being put np to coonect the two levels just north of the-main shaft, and after passing through a few feet of fair grade stone it broke into a rich chute, showing gold all through it. The ore is very rich, but the size of the «bute is unknown; AU the ore from the lise is being bagged for shipment as brokeo. The lode at the 300ft. level is very wide, aod eames fair gold for* a width of 60 feet. * # » The main shaft in the Oroya group of. Hannans Proprietary De- velopment .Company's mines is being sunk to 320ft. The bottom of tiie shaft is still in good grade sulphide ore, showing free gold. # . » In Hie Lake View South the crosscut at 300ft. id being carried through sulphide ore, worth from ' 15dwt. to Ioz. per ton. It is anticipated that within the next four of five feet the rich telluridc ore in the centre of the lode will be met with. . we Good progress is being made in the erection of the cyanide works at the Boulder Main Reef mine. In addition to treating all the tailings from the mill, it is intended to cart the tailings from the stone crushed at the Leviathan battery, which contain nearly half the total gold contents of the ore, and leach tbem on the mine. ^ . 4 . . .The Lafce View Consols is toasting telluride ore with a view to testing on a commercial scale the treatment of these ores by roasting and cyanide. Twenty tons daily can be put through the plant. The process will be well tested before big works are erected. * # * The Boulder output for 1897 is estimated at 80.000 o emees. . * . The Ivanhoe Venture share- holders bave held a meeting at which several stormy discussions occurred, the original prospectors alleging that tbe mine was not being properly worked. A nugget weighing. 28oz. was exhibited at the meeting, besides several smaller specimens. The directors reported (bat they had been ap- proached with regard to selling the property, but bad decided not to do anything till the shareholders could be called together. It is reported that Messrs. John Waddington and Z. Lane intend buying-the Venture mine if it can be pur- chased. see Gold has been found.in led clay beneath the cement at Bed Hill, Lake Lefroy, which place, we may inform the morning^ press,, is not "close to Kalgoorlie," nor in that goldfield, but in Coolgardie. » # * The Bill for the amendment of the Companies Act, which was re- cently piloted through the Legis- lative Council by the Hon. H. O. Parsons, will probably be con- sidered in the Assembly during the present week, where it will be shepherded by Mr. Conolly. While it was being discussed in the Upper House the Hon. A. P. Matheson attempted to incorporate with it certain clauses which would greatly benefit the workers on tbe gold- fields. These were rejected, but will be re-introduced, in. the Assembly by Mr. Vosper. The text of the proposed alteration is as follows : 15\. Every foreign company shall lod- ge in a special account with its bankers in Western Australia, as a deposit, a sum equal to ose per centum of its issued capital, to be held by the said banker as long as the said foreign company shall continue to transact business in the colony, and in the manner hereafter provided. 16\. If by reason of the absence of remittances, or from any other cause, the attorney of any foreign company shall be unable to pay the wages owing to the servants ot employees of the said company in the colony as they become due, he shall forthwith utilise the said deposit forthat purpose, and there- after it shall not be lawful for such foreign company to carry on its bosineFS until the sum so expended on wases shall have been replaced on deposit at the bank. 17; Any foreign company carry-j ingon business contrary to this j part of this Act shall be liable to ¡ a penalty of Twenty pounds for \ every day on which it shall so ' cany on business; and any j attorney for such company, or any , other person, who shall, on behalf of such oompany, wilfully and knowingly assist in the carrying on of such, business contrary to this part of this Act shall incnr a penalty of Five pounds for every day on which he shall so assist. (2). If any foreign company shall carry on business contrary to this part of this Act, the validity of any contracts, dealings, or transactions in relation to such business shall not be affected, but j such company shall not be entitled ' to bring or maintain aoy action, j set-off, counter-claim, or legal pro-1 ceeding in respect of any such con- j tract, dealing, or transaction, until j it shall bare complied with this part of this Act. . . . Aseries of reports by the Go- vernment Geologist on the aqueous resources of the goldfields were presented to the House on Friday last. Mr. Gibb Maitland confirms the already often expressed scien- tific opinion as to tbe improbability of artesian water being obtained on the Coolgardie field. The Geolo- gist also reports against the Millie "Water Scheme on the Murchison goldfields. The report is accom- panied by three excellent and useful maps» .* . # The Trump Mine, at Menzies, will indeed prove a trump if it can keep up the average of its first crushing-5 tons 9 cwt. for 746oz. This, however, is most unlikely. I have always a fear concerning these dot-aod-go-oue mines. * e * An important ease was beard in the Kalgoorlie Warden s Court on Friday last. Messrs. Jones a ja Daley recently applied to the manager ol' the Ivanhoe Venture Mine to mark out the line of lode, as they intended to peg out a portion of the lease for alluvial. The manager accordingly defined the line as being in the whole lease by placing pegs at the four corners. Parkes then made an application to the Warden requesting him to enquire into the matter and give authority to enter upon the lease. Several mine managers corrobor I ated the manger's statement that there was one bnge lode on the lease intersected by numerous quartz leaders. The Warden with- out going intotbequestion whether alluvial existed or otherwise dis- missed the application with costs against the applicants. He said that the manager had complied with the Act and had not refused entry on the lease outside the line of lode. À 28oz. nugget was brought into court which had been found in the Venture, and the ex- perts in evidence concluded that the gold was not alluvial. ° # m m After this it is donbtfni whether the alluvial man has any right to dig anywhere, or to exist at all for that matter. « . * Last week's Gonernment Gazette contains a notification by the Min- ister of .Mines of the forfeiture of gold-mining leases for the non- payment of rent. The total num i ber forfeited was 2,2S7, distributed over the different goldfields as fol- lows :-North Coolgardie, 487 ; Coolgardie, 506 ; East Coolgardie, 244; North-East Coolgardie, 362 ; Broad Arrow, 199 ; Yilgarn, 84 ' Yalgoo, 98 : East Murchison. 16 : Murchison, 136 ; Dundas, 155'. Another exploded boomer Í After erecting a 20-head battery on the Golden Cliff (Mount Magnet), the company haye found results so poor as to be compelled to cease operations, and the lessees will i probably abandon the leases. Ap ' patently, the weeding-out process ha» not ye* ended i The machinery for the add» Hional 10-head for the Eobiniojl has ariived, and will be meted ritbout delay. Early nea year tl»ur battery power will (ssjr* the Kanowna Democrat} he ooasidarv able :-Reward, 20; Main Beef, 20; Bobinson, 20; N.W.F. Con- solidated, 20; Shamrock, Griffin mill (equal to 12 head); Golden Crown, 10; Golden Valley, lo ; Dryer's. 6 ; and Maiden's Find, 5 * total, 123 head of stampers. Given fair returns -say half an ounce from these batteries, Kanowna should be abble to keep a popula- tion of at least 5,000. # * * Italians are now working the copper mines near Geraldton un- der the auspices of Signor Van zetti. If that big tramway scheme of his goes through, good-bye to the chances of the ordinary miner. Are we to see another *' Pennsyl- vania." # » # The i.ady Sherry (Menzies) has crjushed 50 tons for 200oz., and the Nordenfeit (Coolgardie) 20 tons for 4(*oä. * * * The Government, during the last few months, has been making itself a public nuisance by continually tinkering with the laws relating to mining. Its appointment of a Royal Commission, and the state* ment of the Premier that mining legislation would be left to mining members, were confessions of that abysstnal ignorance of mining which is kuown to exist in the Department. Such being the case, it is difficult to understand why the promise of the Premier is not kept, and the whole subject left alone until the Boya! Commission has sent in its report. The latest example of this crass interference with other people's business is the action of the bumptious bucolics of the Upper House, who have passed a Mines Regulation Act Amendment Act, which w$l im- itóse an unnecessary and wholly useless tax upon mining companies generally. This was passed through in the teeth of the goldfields re« presen tatives, although it is ac kuowleded thai that House in mining matters doesn't know what it is doing Sovevert a strong effort is to be made to secure the rejection of the Bill in the As- sembly, and Messrs. Morgans and Vosper are taking steps to secure a happy release from this foolish measure of Mr. Wittenoom's, which is doomed. I hope, to he strangled in its infancy. . 