[?] ; fringe tho border* .' adjusting* fcnapsaek ' Af^' Wid for a few n igb tabeyond too. I the. traveller rather sharply, not In the but of tempers. ? Vivian- Grey Wit a struggling water-colour : V JU&ib; who spent the summer tnmnina lUt liico Br. Byntax, M in Match of tbe picturesque' transferring phyice bit* of neaerj to fab sketch ed k for later working op into picture*. Be was not without wme talent ; but the hii} of frrnasatia it never an easy a*oent for painter or poet, Mid ViriiDVpuDing^i tram hii \- ptofsftaoo were but sc*ntv at present. There* fore, after pQtliug up with rath or second-rate accommodation at this small waynirie hofltelry, ; he ww annoyed to find that his hill amounted to about what he would bare paid at Plymouth «r Bwtw for better usage. Be had borne with the discomforts of the little ' pub ' for a day n tvo while he completed some sketches in the vic£nitjr,and now discovered that the keepers *-f the Khine hotels ire not tbe only Bonifaces who count Ibe M views' or local scenery as items to be charged ftr, directly be indirectly. In their bills. Not that mroe host's claim waa a very large one, bat Vivian, like many an^thfr ttnvrjbr, cherished visions of the ideal fun of 41 Eweet Auburn ' (^M neb ewer exist out of ft poem f ), and thought resentfully that Ihe hard bed, and the inferior cooking, and the no«se made by the convivial occupants of tbe tap ri-om in tho crniogs * hoalti have been taken account of in the charge*, and hare diminished them by a abiding or two. So, though the tourist paid without discussion, he did so with ®«ne smrlhrred aonoyanoe, and responded sar castically to the landlord's invitation to pro long his stay. Bat tbe latter wan apparently beedlffs of the intended satire. ' It be Midsummer Eve tonight,' be re marked stolidly. ' Oh, and I suppose yoa mean I shall rmrt tbe pixies on tbe moor.' ?* Not the plntf, but tbe sperrits, miylip,' ' I'm oot afraid of either apernts or legit*,*' replied tbe young man, taking np hts stout walking-stick ; *? a mist over ^fee moor is the thing I should feir, and there is not much ehanee of that on such a fine evening,' and be pi— d quickly out or the inn, for he proposed to walk Mother si* or seven mile* before dirk, wad tbe tun was already wr sUrittg. M I trodden go if ! waa thee/' persisted honest Bontfaoe, bat as hit late guest wm already tramping down the lane be mertly ahook hi* bead, end returned to bis tap-room in ?fleece. ft *u indeed a meet beautiful summer's evening, scl as Vivian climbed the (t«p, nar row latrfr which |P1 down to the villas from tbe higher mr^orland above (Wrst country lolk usually wiwly or stir thrir habitation* under or at tbe side of the hills, mindful of lht« winter gales and snowstorms) ho was tampta! constantly to torn and linger, surveying the wide sprcadiog landscape with all an artist's delight. Indeed, when he at last emerged apon tbe moor tbe painter could not resist halt* ing for awhile under the shade ol a group of granite tors to gate on tbe fair scene benoath him, lying ao calm and peact ful« bathed in suuact light. Vivian had been on foot since the early morning, working hard to finish his sketch. The day had been hot aud fatiguing, and he Had managed, in spite of the indifferent cook t-ry and beavjF beer, to make a substantial meal before quitting tbe inn. Lying luxuri ously upon hts plaid, with his knapsack under bis head, he gradually dropped into a comfort able sleep. He woke at length, as everyone does from such unauthorised slumbers, with a sudden start, a sensation of having been asleep Tor months or years, and a general feeling of Chilliness and stiffness. Tbe young roan sprang op hastily He bid actually s'ept for over two hours ; it was not eight o'clock when be last remembered glancing at his *atcb, and decid ing that he really must more ' in a minute or two,** and now the old church clock, far away 1»ueatb him, waa alowiy striking ten. Fortu nately tbe moon was up. and at its foil. Under its clear silvery light every object wu as distinct at at midday ; no fear this evening of that dread of all Dartmoor travellers, a ' moor mist,' For* moment Vivian hesitated whether be should return to bis former hostelry, but his pride revolted at this, in a way, seeming to accept the landlords suggestion. No, be would push on to Tavistock, where, iu a town with good hotels, he would be sure to find someone up tor readily wakeable) even at f late hour in the truing. 8a, shouldering hit knap-sack, the young man stepped oot briskly. It was very silent all round, nat a sound, not a movement anywhere. This otter sulitode of the moor, imprettive even in tbe * daylight, was infinitely ruo re ao in tbe quiet of the night. Ah be tramped along Vivian at first thought how delightful and beautiful was this stillness ; then, as tbe infcente quirt grew almost oppressive, be felt that it would be an advantage 1 ' to have a companion to whom be might exclaim; ' How charming it solitude ! ' At length, after about an bonr*0 steady tramp, be began to And him self decidedly tired and hungry, and to opiae that tbe tight of tbe good town of Tavistock, lyiug'beneatb him in tbe valley, would be a more agreeable prospect that even the loveliest ' moonlight effects ' over tbe moor. He was aware tbat be should have been within sight of bis detttnaUon by this time bad be kept on the right road* but still teeing nothing but the moorland around, tbe disagreeable suspicion tbat he tod wined tbe proper track began toforoe iteeUon bis mind. It it, in truth, as eaty to loose one's way on Dartmoor, even in full cJay light, aa to lose one's pome in ? London crowd. Dotanoet are deoeptire in tbe clear atmosphere, ud tbe apparen t landmarks made by Ae many ton prove owet deoeitfol ; for ell tboee granite pOes so exactly resemble one another that, u a eeodidftiide book remarks, ** descriptions of tbetn only serve to miaUad the toorkt w j who, Indeed, it often deceived by tbe fancied reoog. fAtM^eomcpnrtkiuIar tor, led to shape hit -paib eooordiogly, and to lose tea way. On ttumbUng hastily to bis feet after hit riumher Vivuti bad, in fact, tuniod the wrong way. ud Wat now walking in quite a oontoary . dbvetien to tbe one which he witbed to poraoe. ?- .^tbd ttMasatelyloit hit usual guide, bit compew. that my morning, and ooold t^w Mdy lradge on, tn^ing, attbewnst, to ^nl^vteefarmbobae where be cnigbt obfcain ^BuiMjWkbeBlgfat. Moooli^i , with ita deep \+ petfieadag goidebf whWi e&k;&owB; ntd ; tad ai than one bog be began to s||§pijjj|pi-t tfce^Bgqtdt o f *♦ prfxy^e d ' t«n|dUw ^^i|i»iii#ritfdee*d aboot tbe tnoortntil day ruefully Uutbebimtelf ^gjStod'tMy'te 'make a ni^it of it * in the peav^d jio reply, afid yv^ ^«|^re*-iiBed bis p*0gve% It oertainly appeaebd tbat sfootatop, b UflMV fobtfaji, i|» followingidzD. was not a wrroat mahj ' btrt there is I el waye wtne thing ttnpleaaant M being thus silentlj followed in the dark ; graaping bli stick he. awnug round daiply end esQod td know 11 who was there f but eJl was datfenet* and aUenoe, It seemed unlikely that ^njone sbnuld be luririiig in so ablit*ry a place for peirpotee of robbery ; but the young nisii felt tbat be should be glad to get heck upon the moor again, and hurried along tbe rough part towards an opening where the moonbeams fell clearly. Was it fancy, or did the light, quick tfepe behind him hasten, too? ' It's only some animal,** thought the I traveller ; but it -was a relief, all tbe same, to qnttthe lane and to And himself beside a cot I tage, although* to bis disappointment, tbe habitation proved deserted aud partially roof leas, tbe door banging by one binge, tbe wtttle 1 building falling into decay. *' I'm so dead beat that I've half a mind to ! camp in here till daylight,*' thought tbe young man to himself, as bo puibed bit way ioto tbe desolate interior, dirtarbiog a large owl as he did so. Eat there was so tne thing singularly un attractive and desolate-looking in the appear ance of this ruin, something inexplicably re pellent like tbe 41 svose of fear ' which Hood has described as brooding over tbe—*' Mounted House ' of hi* poem. '* If I were a superstitious fallow, I should | say tbat eome crime bad been committed here, I and tbe cottage abandoned afterwarde,*1 | thoupbt Vivian, with a shudder, born portly I of fatigue, partly of the situation. ' It's | abominably lonely here,' he aaid aloud; '* if | I'm bound to make a night camping out, I wish \- I'd someone to keep me company.' Waa the wish pmpfectic ? As he spok-? \- Vivian moved out of tbe half-ruined pTch into the open, wbere the moou shoue clear ; and tberc — wa4 be dreaming ? — t*o ahadon« fell distinctly upon tbe sward — bh own tod an other's ! I *' Wbat do you mf«n by dogging me in tb-* *ay r1' cried tbe artift, Ccrotly turning on bi^ | imaginary ass^ailant ; but there was no one I visible. He hastily dasbed bark into the cot I Uge and scarehod its room5— ouly two ; the I upper floon, if any such bad exi^tetl, bid been | removed, or had fallen away, but he found no one. And yet, to account for the shadow fall' iop where it did, the aubeUace which pro jected it must have certainly stood just behind him. i ' I itD g rotting as nervosa at a eat, that's 1 what it K' thought tbe young man pairing | oot of tbe door again, and persuading hieioelf | tbat all which he had seen and beard was mere I fancy. Vet be eoultl not forbear glaoring again on the grass, and there — oh, horrible I i lay tbe doable shadows , ooe bis own. rfrmcnis abte by tbe outline of his straw fckt, the other I vagoe^ fthapeleaa, but distinctly Vinao was oo coward, and be steeled him« s»lf resMntely. ' It's just the shadow of tbe cottage gablr,' be r*id aload {for thete was comfort in b«*%nLig even bit own voter in the utter pilrocc aruiiu-l bim. ' I'll »alk on and think no more of lhr«* fooleries,' and b^ stopped out sturdily, far away from all posiible shadow of the cottagu. And tbe twu shadows, aide by side, aped swiftly over tbe moor ; while tbat footstep (very soft now, as if it waa deadened by tbe bcathei ) kept pace behind bim. Vivian desperately shut hit eyes for a few moments and walked on, but his straining ears still caught that light footfall at bis back. He opened his eyes and haltod. He was standiug in an utterly solitary placv ; no tree nor tor nttir to throw a shadow ; and yet two distinct outlines lay at his feet. He unstrappud and throw away bis knapsack, which migbt, he strove to think, be accountable for that other reflection — the knapsack lay with ili uwn shadow behind it* but tho other myxtnriou* on' line still fliokered sad moved bnsid-. his own. It was undefined in actual form, but palpahlv there ! 11 I shall go off my chump altogether if tbi.» sort of thing keeps on,' thought Vivian, a* a rold sweet bedewed bis brow. Then* waa some thing ao unutterably homblp in thi« namele»a haunting ptvscnee. He set ofT to walk rapidly, h« ^ared not in wbat direction, only anxious to shako off this awful companion ; but, move where he would, close by his side flitted the shadow, close behind tripped tbat soft step. Tben be aboutod aloud, and adjured the Thing, whatever it was, lo speak, or to appear in any other form but thu ; but not a sound broke tbe silence of the (juir»l summer night. He 6wung round as if to surprise bit unwelcome companion ; he even thrust hit hands behind bim in tbe attempt to clutch it, but onl) giaaped the air. As hv. rau, or walked, or stood still, that twin shadow kejrt pace with bit own, waving and moving, aud at timet melting Into it, exactly as the shadow of a human companion would have done '1 shall go stark mad,' Vivian almost wailed at length, that awful form of fear — fear of the supernatural and tbe unknown—beginning to overwhelm bim. If he oould but face the Thing ! A sudden idea occurred to bim ; lifting up bis eyw, be taw a heap of boulders not far away. ' 1 will force the thing, ghost or dovil, to come out from behind me,-' be muttered, and began to ran towards the granite stones, while tbe footsteps sped swiftly after bim, aud the twin shadows raced tide by side in the moon light. Breathless and exhausted Vivian dashed up to tbe largest block of stone aud placed bis back firmly against it. ' Now, *' be cried, 41 lurk behind me longer if you can.' Clear at his feet lay Me own shadow, dear by its aide flickered tbe otber outline; and as Vivian tuned wildly to glance at tbe granite masses above bim be fanctod be beard a low mocking langb, as of one who had triumphantly out' witted an antagonist. Tbe eup of horror waa now fril ; Vivian was conscious of a frantic dutch at Ae boulders, a craah of falling stooes, tben darkness and oblivion. It waa a startling experience for a quiet Dartmoor farm labourer, pasaing to hie work next morning, to eome upon a young gentleman lying iniensible amopg a quantity of fallen atone at tbe foot of the tors. Save for the in quisitive sagacity or this shepherd's dog, who, having first investigated the utrange sight for himself, persisted in attracting hit msater to tbe Kpot. Vivian Grey might have died before fthewaa reeeued. As it was, bit discoverer found bim lying » a state of uneoutolonsoest, with a sprained *aUe and aondry contusions reaultant from a fall amid atom* ; and when earriod by tfadly hands to the nearest farmhouse (where tbe Good Samaritans itt owner willingly plaoe-1 Upit n*'* bedroom at tbe traveller's db pUttl) ft ws# fiiaby d*yt before be could give seooont of himself, tboogh bs raved hiinMBstl; aboot afcadnwa and footsteps and tbe dettoia who 4»oaled tbe moor. « And ift a»y belief fart been misled by tfaej merits of tbe.la»e,* »aid tbe eomely old farm' fuw oaa&dootly;,4DlfcF4«Cfen* 'Polka do .^y^.tbst *be lldwnmw Bve, ' : -aC.i i,, , -- ? ? I knawt ^at the yoaag folks be a' mi^i^r 'wiser than' their elders nowaday— i^s adHbr -oit world eeaeo I was young.^ 41 It't plain enough whaft tappened toU I yonng feUDW»K remarked tiie doctor, as be adjusted a fresh bandage roond Viviaa,t foot ; 1 14 be lost bit way on tbe moor and tben slipped down trying to cntnb among tbe toes. I * ; be fainted with the pain of this sprained aolde, and then got a chill lying in tbe dewa, which has landed him in a pretty attack of rheumatic fever ; but bc't a Atoot young fellow, and will round well enough, I think ; only you won't be rid of him for a few weds yet.' ' I be sure the poor gentleman't wdcome enough to the room eo long as he wants un,', said kindly M&. Prior ; sad it was, indeed, only after somn demur tbat she agreed to accept Viviau upon tbe ' paying guest ' fooling, a position which he naturally insisted on resum ing assoou as be reooverod from bis dHirium attd learnt where be waa, and bow he had been found on the moor. Dread of ridicule kept Vivian ailont upon tbe tulTQCt of his fancied virion. He bad, indeed, attempted to mention something of it to the doctor, but met with ao little encouragement that be soon delisted. Perhaps, after all, the fevef bad been upon bim earlier (.ban bp h*d bern aware of, and the supposed sights snd M/Unifl or that terrible night's journry wen- but ?Solutions— the first symptoms of a coming ill nu*s. Hut when allowed to descend to Mr*. Prior's snug parlour he found the household in a great state of excitement. On turning ovrr bis small possessious, Vivian discovered that a pencil ease which be grettlv valued had Inon | broken from his w*tch cbaiu. Thinking th.it it i might have been caught by some of tbe stone* I among which ho bad fallen be had requested tbe children of the bouw.* to scaxch amid tbe ton for it on their next half holiday, promi«inj| a small reward to its fio-J*-r. Tlw? juveniles accordingly set of} for the moor ; but though tb--y failed to rerovtr tbe artist's pencil-case tbey soon reached home lull of a greater dis cov- ry, which put all otber matter* out of their minds. Vivian's aimless clutch at the granite boulders hsd displaced one of tbe blocks of stone shove bim. Tbe rescuing party bad been too occupied with the traveller tn pause to examine bin a or foundings ; but tbe children, climbing and pernng about the tor at one? discovered tbat , tbta stone had marked the rutranoe to a fair sixed cavity amid tb^rocks. Anything like a I ' cave ' it irresistibly attractive to every well ; constituted bqy, and Ton, my and Hilly worked diligently to enlarge tbe opening until they could peep within— and brbeld a mat.'* skeleton, yet held together by a few mouldering remains of what bad once been clothe* or wrapping*, some silver shoe-buckles, and a few coins of a i century and a-half ago lying amid the doi*t af wbat bad probably been a purse ! Tommy and Billy, horriHy scared, and yet grr atiy elated at beroming tbr bearer* of soch an astonishing piece nf news, fled hack to the f*rm oo tbe wingx of the wind ; then for weefc\ nay, tuonth*, tbe whole locality ww in a dolicions statr 'f fxcitnmpnt, marrcl. and questioning. Poetor*, aud coroners, and juri**, 4nd all maimer of inquisitive and irrc^|-oi?-j(-le inquirers came to *? view,' and tn '? pit,' and U) '* iuvestigale ' iuto fur dark si«errt which Ihoae grey stone* had ronc^-aled for so many jrars, and Tommy and Bil'y wen; tbe envy of all their juvenile ronipaniiu*, owing to the local importance witb whirb their strange dis ?joverv invested them. ** Local tiadition,' which lingers so long in rural districts, aud is morr reliable tbau some folks believe, amisted m pif.cmg togtther possible explanation of the presence ol the tkeleton in its strange rcslin^-placo. Iu the. earlier half of the last century it was rvmerr, bered tbat an elderly man haH rccidwl iu tbe ruinous cottage where Vivian had cx|-erienoed bo disagreeable a 6bock. This man was not a native of the place ; he lived a hermit life ; none knew tvb^nee be came or wbat woh bis (occupation ; bdt it wan whispered tbnt be was n mi*er, and that gold and silver were concealed iu his poor abode After residing tor some years io solitude, making no acquaintances and ad mitting no visitor*, be waa suddenly pined by uj elderly hard-featured womnn who described btraelf as bis daughter, and announced that she had come to lire »itb him aud keep his bouse. It was said in tbfi neighbourhood tuat the old man was greatly disturbed by ber appearance, and received her with the utmost reluctance. Pa*serx-by tbe cottage had often beard tbe pair (njp.^'fd io angry discussion, aad it was hinted tlmt some guilty secret wan shared between th- ru, and that the old man's very obvious fear of bis daughter might be the result of a dread of her revealing it. However, tbe woman made good ber footing, and remained, and grew to be a power in the vicinity. She professed to be able lo trll foitones.revene spells, act generally a.s a ' white witch ' ; certainly she posseutLd a skill in tbe uso of wbat she termed ' yuriw' (i.e., herbs), which brought her many customers. Hut it was an illicit, unholy kind of trade which she drove ; and the lonely lane, btr usuml cousultiug-ruom, bad witnessed some strange scenes. Pious and strict-living villagers shook their beads when Prue's name was mentioned ; but prodigal youths and foolish maidens, and many a local black sheep, found a complaisant friend, a useful ally ; and, though nuiiy a farmer cursed ber under bit breath for a witch, everyoae was outwardly civil lo a woman whom all feared. Moan time tbe old man ' broke ' visibly, sort it was said that the woman tyrannised cruelly over him. One day he disappeared. Prudence, when ber father's absence was remarked upon, answered briefly that he bad gone away to n - side at Plymouth, she believed, being tired of a country life,' and bad made over the cottage to her. It was oo one's business to con I tradict her, or to inquire farther. * Rural folk, ! in the days of tbe early Georges, were nut given I to much investigation into the private affaire of ' strangers ' who hsd settled among them ; , so, though it was thought strange that the old man should have gone away thus suddenly and silently, and apparently on foot, he bad come into tbe neighboorbood equally mysteriously, and only vanished at be had arrived. One person, a client of Prudence's, remembered hav ing beard a furious altercation raging between tbe father and daughter the eveoiog before the former was missed, and before this visitor bad rapped at tbe eottago door be had overheard tho woman say passionately. ' Yea, yon thought yon bad bidden yoorself from me here, but I sold my tool for that money as well ax you did, and I will have my share if I take your life to get it.' This young man had always ao tineoenfort* able suspicion about tbe fate of tbe old miaer, but be was too coocb in tbe power of tbe **wbitc witch,' who knew some ugly eecreta about bim, to venture to make bis doubts public in ber lifetime. But tberc came a day when Prud ence's obliging use of ' yarhs ' (at the Instiga tion of a yonng farmer, wbo wished to coooeal some awkward passages in bit former oa*eer), resulted in tbe defctb, by design oreeoMeot, of an unfortunate girl whom tbe fiekle tailor bad thrown over for a wealthier bride, end tlih 1 matter was too eerioot to bf ?* bushed up.*' An iodlpnaat crowd set out Cor the cottafu.tbe.nob .owing vengeance again** tbe 'witewomafe,* 0.e ^oalcoostaUm chaiged wife a waaant for ibe *v om »i-y ,ap^ justified fbe village assertion tbat 'the .devil h'd ttreugtarber.' ' Deatii from poison ' wm tbe verdict of tbe doetor, andt ttYing all tbe cireuuntaneee of tbe caee into onorideratioD, it was oot surprising Att a local ooeoner's jury pronooneed a felo de ee ; vet tkat tbe ottiiodox Mcross-road*' borial pboe selectod for tbe mistfafale woman was at tbe foot of tbe lonely lane wtteh led to ber ootfeago. At l»d bora suspected, a rather large amount of motley, ind eome valuable (though broken np) jewettetfy was found bidden in tbe cottage ; tat no inquiries availed to discover any trace of tbe old man wbo bad previously disappeared. The cottage (which be had pur chased oo bis first coming to the neighboor bood) fell into a ruin, none caring to occupy it; for it was ramoored tbat I'rudentx's rrntiraw spirit was still wont to ' walk ' In the lane, wbere eo many wicked secrets bad been once whispered ioto ber ears. Yean pasted by, the story became balf foigotten, but there was an occasional talk that ' tbe sperrt bad beeu seen or heard of again; Midsummer's Ktc, the date oo which the old man was last alive, being usually selected for these manifestations. ' But I doobt tbe witcbll walk now, seeing the old man 'ave bad Christian burial,' re marked good Mrs. Prior, alluding to the inter ment of tbe skeleton, which had taken place after the ' investigations ' bad been con cluded. Local opinion, at Irast, was satisfied tbat then; nameless remains were those of the old miser ; the shoe-ba^klcs discovered witb tbe hones bearing his initials, the corns foood cor responding in dat* wuh thr time of his dis appearance. That hi* unnatural daughter hxd murdered the old man, carried or draggid bis body t3 its btdtng-placr- amid tbe rocks (be wan a small, withered old man, she a tall, stalwart womenj, seemwl at least more thau probable ; the villager* bad no doubt about the matter, JTbo the father and daughter were, from wbcoce they c»mr, by wbnt guilty oae%ns tliej had be come |Kn«yrsAfd of 'he treasure found in Uieir cottage, were ny*trriefi which tbe pair had canic-.l with th«n to tbfir graves. Vivian hi arlill this story from Mrs. Prior during his tedirm* ronvalec^nce, while be lay on the hard m.ciirjortable sofa of bnr ' best prj-lour ' in tbr . vtnmgs, and bis kindly bost f9* sat knitting by hi* side, chatting to ?? ctaur b.m up o bit.' An'l amid thi- fl--w of friendly rbat Vivian aas temp'c-( to pve ibe good wumm. l;j«. ver sion of v hat hp fud saen. or beJievial br had s^«n. that night on tbe moor. Mr*. Prior Ji'teri'd with full ;.nd cb«foI faith. ' Th» i at Leer old l*rue's step, and see ber shadow, sir, «-urr enough,' ahe prumpUj re plied, ' and you idden the only person n# | liiirky dead old wilcb 'avti a' frigbteni d ni^'h out -d their lives ii fi-iks S|-eak true, Mayhr, sh« '*i tiyjiic J\ Uies*' yearn to drite folk* nigh wLirfr !*].-? hid the old man. th&t; be rnun com-- tu a dertut at laftt. I doubt if she'll «alk so m-.ich now. w-eing bor father's !-une.l ngLtftil.' \'iriHJ) firry at k&M; never tssted the matter, for whether bis latr nocturnal t-xperienr*?- ha.i biv*:n trtrely an hallucination or an aclrnl , reality be glvpt :igain altrmp'ed to travcix- | country rootle alone after nightfall .iftrr hi^ encounter witb thaL frarful ' 8hailu*. on th« Moor ' | 