A STiltLlNiiSHIIlE PLOUGH MAN'S STOltY. Wo were gathered round the bothy fire ono cold winter night when the conversation turned on ghosts Much member of tins company had some thrilling talc to tell, cither of his onu ex perience, or that of someone else, and when it camo to Bob Morris' turn he rcinarkod, " I sup pose, boys, none of jm; ever heard mo tell of my experience?'' " Never," we chorused. "Let's hear it. Bob ?" and he begun us follows : " Some fifteen years ago I was serving at Raukeud, on the west side of Denny 1 was second man on the farm, aud slmrfd the both)' with two other young fellows, and a harem scarum scl wo wi re ; few ploys occurred in the district that we hud no hand in. How well I remember the midnight raid wo planned 011 an old gentleman's fruit garden, which stood about half a mile from the farm The night selected was well suited for our purpose, there being no moon. Reaching the garden, wo scaled the wall, and in a short time hud our pockets well lined with apples, besides filling n small sack, when the owner of the miejard suddenly appeared. Mob Jones, who was on the top of the wall with the bag, dropped safely on the other side, and itc lost no lime in following, " But tho old fellow was not to bo done FO easily, and we soon discovered he was on our truck. About half-way to the farm we came upon an old descried mansion called Cowan bank, which stood by tho sidu ol the road, and had the reputation of being haunted. Never very particular at any time we were less so now. and had scarcely concealed ourselves in one of lawer rooms when tho old fellow camt; pulling up. He paused irresolutely opposite the hou.se, apparently uncertain whether we might not have taken refuge there. Just thrn a blood curdling yell issued from the building, and he immediately took to his heels and away bAck the road ho came. " You will suppose, no doubt, that wo were convulsed with laughter at this, but, if so, you were never moro mistaken. We crouched in n corner of the room too terrified to move. Sud denly, without warning, an inner door opened and a tall -white figure healing a lighted lantern appeared on the threshold. This was too much, and with a wild rush WB reached the window, and tumbled out. Quickly rsgaining our feet we struck a bee lino for the farm, arriving there without mishap. " Next day we beard that ' Daft Jack,' tho ' village ' natural,' was boasting how he had frightened some chnps at the ' big boose ' the night before, and we were inolined to believe his statement, when, on investigation, we found that the bag of fruit left behiud in our hurry had disappeared. As we had a two-fold object, however, in keeping silent on the subject, Jock was allowed to remain mnster of the situation. 