PRIMITIVE METHODIST CONFERENCE. The Primitive Methodist Conference Chapel committee met in the Morphett-street school-<*> room on Friday morning; the Rev. R. J. Daddow presided. The condition of the various trust properties was carefully con sidered, and it was shown that they were on the whole in a satisfactory condition. A large congregation assembled in tbe Mor piiett-street Church at night to hear the Rev. John Goodwin preach the Conference sermon. The rev. gentleman's subject was "The supremo motive of life," based upon Colossiansiii.,23. His sermon was impressively delivered, and was characterised by the rich ness of its diclion and evinced carefulness of preparation, and was also exceedingly prac tical. A sacramental service followed, which was numerously attended. Tbe business of the Conference proper com menced at 9 a.ni. on Saturday morning, when the following delegates were received:— General committee delegate. Rev. W. B, Btephenson ; district committee delegate. Bey. 11\. J. Pope; general treasurer, Mr. James Peters; Sunday-school Union delegate, Rev. W T. Wiltshire; Adelaide, Rev. H. J. Pope and E. Parrey; North Adelaide, Bey. .Tabu Day Thompson and T. C. Curtin and J. Canning; J\orwood. Rev. A. W. Wellington and J. L. Bottrill; Patkside, Rev. R? J. Daddow and W. W. Winwood and T. Smith ; Queenstowjj, Her. H. Holmes; Mount Barker. R*v. W. T. Wiltshire and K. Hcnder and 2 Hair; Kooringa, Rev. TheobaM and Thomas Hutcljinson ; Salisbury, Rev. W. A. Dana and Thomas Diment; Saddlewarth, Rev. H. A. Smith and J. l^inscy and J. Cx. lanson; Stratbalbyn, Rev. S. Gray and S. Stanton, J.P.,and G. SUsons; Kadina. Rev. J. H. Williams aad C. Trem berth and H. Daddow; W.wdside. Eev. J. J.* Salmon and C. Dunn, J.P.; Gawler, Rev. T. Weatherill and J. Buabridge and T. Gash; Two Wells, Rev. H. J. Parkinson, and John Secombe and M. H. Davis; Moonta. Rev. EL Parkinson, and V. Penhall and R. B. Hand ; itedhill, Key. R. J. Rose, and .I>. McDonald and G. Johnson; 3laliala, Rev. J. G. Wright and G. N. Johnson; Yongala. Key. S. Wel lington and D. T. Kobinson, J.P.; Prospect, Rev. A. W. Styles, and X Hack and P. LeCornu; Broken Hill, Rev. John Goodwin and J. H. Stephens; South Broken Hill, Rev, J. E. Stone; Dawson, Rev. H. Hartley; Laura, Rev. S. Raymond, and G. Thiselton and E. Dacfc ; Port Broushton, Rev. J. A. & Williams; Mannum, Rev. R. Jackson, and W. Wray and J. Uoombe. ELECTION OF OFFICEBS. The election of officers was then proceeded with, resulting as follows: —President, Rev. J. H. Williams; vice-president, Mr. G. Marrfiman; journal secretary, Rev. A. W. Wellington; assistant secretaries. Revs. J. E. Stone, H. A. Smith, and A. W. Stfles: re porters, Revs. W. T. Wiltshire and H. Par kinson-letter-writers, EeVs. & Wellington andS. Raymond; doorkeeper, E. Parry. OQBBBSrOXDEKCE. Lotters were received from the Wesleyan and Bible Christian Oonferecces containing* copy of resolutions passed regarding the ques tion of Methodist union. PEKaiDEXTIiL ADDRESSES. The retiring Peesident (tbe Rev. R. J. Daddow) then delivered his address, ia tbe course of which he eaid he appreciated the confidence his brethren had expressed in him, And tbe honor they conferred upon him twelve months ago, yet lie-did not regret giving place to his successor. The New Testament phrase, I ''the care .of the churches" had not been or any means meaningless to him. His position i had been no sinecure, but ho had felt a, deep! interest in and bad tried to' discharge tho duties of his office. His work had been ren- ( dtred more pleasant and easy through the assistance of-the Rev. *H. J. Pope (the dis trict secretary). He held a high opinion of Mr. Pope's work and worth, whose kindness of heart and ability was such that to know him and rightly interpret Mn> was to feel that he had a strong brother with a helping hand. (Applause.) Daring the year he had attended the meetings of the council of the churches as their representative, and also tile federal council with the rest of the brethren appointed. He had also visited some of tbe circuits, but would like to have visited more of them. Work bad been undertaken in the West dur ing the past year, and he bad been deeply gneved by the fact that tbe Rev. A. J. Burt while in the exercise of his duties at Kalgooriie had been smitten with fever, but be was pleased that he had recovered, and welcomed heartily not only Bra. Bart but Bra Allan, of Norseman, to that Conference. Good work bad been done by the brethren named, and he thought that, though die union vote of yester day is the Wesfeyah Conference resulted as it did, they ought not yet to take down their standard in the West, but hold on until onion was consummated. {Hear, hear.) In this colony many of their stations and ministers had passed through a tiring time. He deeply sympathised with them, and had admired the spirit in which they met their difficulties. He had grQatfaith in the future. It was fall of grand possibilities. If he gave a watchword or motto he would jftnot reiterate tbe cries of the last two or three years, such as " Back to Wesley," "Back to Paul,'1 ?' Back to Christ," or even the Pre sident of the Wesleyan Conference's watchword or motto ü?*ack to toe Holy Ghost." Why go back? (Hear, bear:} Why overshadow Paul by Wesley, or Weslev by Paul, or Christ by die Holy Ghost; or vice versa? (Applause.) Why think so much of our splendid heritage when all things are ours—Wesley, Paul, Christ, and the Holy Ghost? The motto he gave svas the old one of "Onward—upward." Onward to the fnller, richer, more perfect and beautiful Christian life. Let them seek to. as W. T. Stead puts it, " Be ChriEt'6"-by Incoming possessed by *be life, the sympathies, the spirit, and the love of Christ. (Loud applause). The new President (the Rev. J. H. Williams), briefly thanked the Conference for tbe manner in which they bad honored him He had not tbe least suspicion that he. would be selected for the position to which they had elected him. It was just 30 years sines the Primitive Methodist Church ? nallfxi him to take charge of a circuit, and 16 years since be had been elected president of their Confeeeuoe. With reference to tbe Holy Ghost be had good reason to believe in Him. lie had during the past year felt the precioueness of His assistance, and he believed many of them had had a similar experience. He thanked them ?gain for their confidence, and hoped God's Homing would richly rest upon their - labors. (Ap plause). orscuir b^pokxs. The circuit reports were received and adopted. The Rev. J. £. Stose moved— That we art the Bailvray Commimoner to grant to deleettes to Conference and executive meeonga the aamf privileges as an given to uickettra, footballer*, and defecates to friendly societies. Carried. . TBS CHIEF JUSTICE. The Rev. Johx Day Thoupuon moved— That the Conference tender* its cordial congratu lations to the Chiet Justice o! South Anrtrilia, a member of a sister Methodise church, ia his appoint meat to the distinguished position of a member of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. The Conference gratefully reoocnisesthe exceptional gifts which have been conferred upon him by Providence, and pray that he may he long spared (to exercise them for the welfare and elevation of hit fellow-men generally. Carried. VOTES OF THANKS AND STHPATHT. Thanks were given to the Rev. John Good win for his able and eloquent sermon to tbe Conference, and a request made that he hand the manuscript to the connectional editor for publication in the Sotiih Australian Primitive Alcthodut. It was resolved on the motion of the Rev. Jobs Goodwin— That ire record onr appreciation of the services of the late Captain Thomas Cornelias to tan drarca, and that a'letter of condolence be forwarded to the bereaved wife and family. It was also resolved— Thai we record our gratitude to God (or the con tinned health and strength of Bro. J. G. Wright, that we pray that his declininr years may be full of annahine and blessing, and timt we ai*o express oar high appreciation of Uie sen ices of ltro. Hofrchin, and hia practical sympathy to the superannuated pnachen* widow* and orphan fund. It was decided— That a letter of sympathy be sent to Bro. T. Uren, of Broken UUI, ejmpaxbisinjr with him in his afflic tion. Alto Out letter* be sent to lira. C Hoggett and Mrs. Gillies assuring them of the sympathy of ttus Conference with them in their late bereavement!. XEXHODIST CKION. The Rev. H. J. Pope moved— L That the report of the Federal Council be received and adopted, and we cxpreaa onr apprecia tion of the services rendered daring tbe year. 2\. That as all onr members, trustees, and quarterly meetings have by large majorities approved of tbe nroposal (or the union of the Methodist churabes in JSonth and West Australia on the plan submitted we declare in favor of auch union. 3\. We recognise thai certain difficulties win arise to ourminister* in omaection with clause 6, bat are not without hope that these may be wnilifi 'T Tfy over i. That we accept the invitation ?f th* Wesleyan Methodist Conference to conaider the whole question, and if pracdcable to define the conditiani of union. In a short speech be emphasised tbe fact that the question bad been before their people and about two-thirds bad voted in favor of the -basis submitted. He would like to see the motion be submitted carried unanimously. (Cheers.) The Rev. J. G. Weight seconded. Tbe Rev. John Goodwin said that when tbe Toting took place in tire euemts they did not know tbe meaning of clause 6 in the basis. He bad no desire to hinder the tmion move ment, bat be thought they ought to dead" understand all that we are doing. (Hear, bear.) The Rev. W. Howchik regretted that they were in such a state of agnosticism upon the meaning of clause 6. He believed, however, all difficulties would be met. (ApplMse.) Mr. J. Peters thought it would be a pity if clause 5 barred the -way to union. Why not have a thanksgiving fund among themselves, in order to help their ministers tof ace this financial difficulty? (Hear; bear.) His position bad been well known upon this question, bat be bad come round to the belief that for Methodism and for the community Methodist union was the right thing. (Hear, bear.) He fully believed that the difficulties would be over come. Let us have a thanksgiving day right thronga all onr circuits. The resolution was a step in the union movement, and he hoped it would be adopted. (Applause.) The Rev. A. W. Wellington said he bad been both blamed and praised for the letter ho bad sent to the press on the "union question, but neither had influenced him very much. It had been stated that that letter ?manafr?] from as opponent to union. He bad never opposed union, but he had op posed and intended to continue to oppose "sectional" union. He believed it should be general and simultaneous. He wanted to know how it rras that the actuarial tables pre pared by tbe Rev. J. Cope bad not been pnb lished and distributed before the vote was taken. He then referred in detail to some of the difficulties ministers would have in entering this fund and announced his intention of opposing tbe motion. The Wedeyans would honor us for taking the position be occupied. (Laughter. "Stephcnson would;" and "*Tbo opposition would/) Mr. C. Dcnn would like to know where *Ti- Wellington's faith was. (Laughter.) He bad been preaching "Trust in the lord and do good, and verily though shalt be fed.* Where is his (Renewed laughter.) He, it seemed, would not trust the Wesleyana, neither would he trust themselves. (Laughter.} He did not see any difficulty that could not be overcome. If this resolution were not *??Ti?d Primitive Methodism in this colony would be killed. (Applause and laof^ter.) He heartily supported tbe motion and etnoetely trusted it would be carried. (Applause.) The Rev. T. Allah supported union. He believed ie would- result in great good to Methodism. At Norseman fais-experience of a United Methodist Church bad Moved to him - that union would mean greater liberalitf. If Mr. Pope's re?oJutum. were not .earned it would be a disgrace to JPtimitivd 2detbodisnu (Cheers.) The Her. S. Gray said that they had and it li^d 'been iarg^y in favor ot "hrrai. He would therefore support *^a motfan, (Applause.) ' . The Rev. W. R. Stetkessok said be aad been £n enthusiastic supporter of union,till two yean ago, but then be felt that his hand ought to be staved on this question. They had real difficulties to face, and bethought they ought to know more than they did how they were going to be solved. , - The Rev, J. D. Taoiosos thomrht those who had objected toclanseSwere justified intns position they took. Other fo.??ri?l difficulties had been mentioned, but' they were not re ferred to in tbe basis rf ankm. They had to do now with the basis before them. . ?., 1 Mr. F. Peshmx thought v Primitive Melodists they ought to vote against the motion. Thereiras a great deal in the beds that was objectionable.jo .toeJdaonte station, and that circuit %^%jfed*:?gijnst it by a bigs majority. He believed fo .union, but wanted s atocb more liberal basis,-. He objected to ba swallowed ap by the Wederaos. (Laughter.) Other speakers briefly spoke on the question, after which die notion was put, with 4he ta eolt that 64 voted for it aod 6 against. Hearty applause followed the acnomoe&ient; of the voting. t, .- RIMII AT. > fl'|| fJfr ' A eocial meeting took plsce in the Bfamhett street Church on Satarday evening. Mr. Charies Zhmn presided over a. latge andienoe and QontnbotedJalmmoroas addtess. .- The Bey. j. D. Thovpbon jjioke on "Tbe Mble ideal of Bocialjm*iwv? Se?er. W.B. STEFBBrsoNon "TheaocialiMaof Jona/Vand. the Ber. W. X. Wilibhibx'oo-"Our sodal needs and how to meet them." Tbe meeting : was enthnaiastic throoghbat. ? 