SIQEf SHOEY. NOTHING BEYOND. (Continued.) 1 am not a nervous person naturally, but I felt nervous as I had never done before to-day. I was in my own little sitting- room about biz o'clock that evening, when the door wsh Opened, and Mrs. Carnegie peeped in. She Bmiled when she saw me, and came quickly forward. 4 Ah, that is right,' she said ; 4 you are alone. I can spare half an hour, and can devote it to you- Let us calk of old times, and forget that horrid dressmaking craze whioh took you away from your own people, Miss Boss.' I pulled an easy chair forward, and my pretty hostess sank into it ; she held out her hands to warm them at the fire. 4 I am happy in my own life,' I replied. 4 Yes, yes,' she answered. Then she looked at me attentively ' You say you are happy,' she said, ' but you don't look it. How ill you look ; wby, you are as white as a sheet, and so haggard. You look twenty years older than you did yesterday.' I shrank a little at ber plain words. 'I had a bad night,' I said. Had youV' she said, with sudden anxiety. 4 I hope you had a comfortable room. I gave rial directions that you were to be put in red room, whioh is about as snug a bed- ohamber as this great big house possesses. I wish you could have been in the now part of the house, but there simply isn't a corner. Still, the red room is safe ; no one ever heard of anything occurring in the red room.' I looked at Mrs. Carnegie very earnestly, and all of a sudden determined to confide in her. ? 4 The fact is this,' I said, 4 I did not sleep in the red room ; it was prepared for me, but my little assistant, Lucy Prioe, got nervous. She didn't oare to sleep in the bedroom as signed to her, so I changed with her.' Mrs. Carnegie's face turned very white. ' Lucy Price didn't liae her bedroom?' she exclaimed. ' I wonder what bedroom they gave her ; surely not ' 4 She slept in the red room,' I answered, 4 and I slept in the room at the end of the passage ; they said there was nothing be yond.' 4 You slept in that room?' said Mrs. Car negie, springing to her feet in amazement. 1 Oh, surely no one oould have been so cruel.' 4 It ir a fact that I occupied that room,' I answered. 4 It is also a faot that I had a bad night.' Mrs. Carnegie sank down again into her chair. Tell me,' she said, with a sort of gasp. 4 I don't mind knowing — I think I'd rather know— tell me what happened to you iu the night.' I repeated the story of my night of horror as: briefly as I oould. Pretty Olive's face obauged colour several times as I prooeeded with my tale. When I had finished, she Bpoke. 4 1 shall never forgive the servants for putting you in that room,' she said. 'Remember,' I interrupted, 4 they meant it'for Luoy Prioe." ' For putting any one into that room,' she continued. ' Oh, it was a cruel thing to do.' 'Is there anything known about the room?' I asked, 'anyth'ng to account for the strange occurrence whioh I must own very nearly deprived me of my senses ?' 'Everybody in the plaoe knows that the zoom is haunted,' she answered. 4 It has not been eiept in for a couple ot centuries. I believe there was a murder, or a horror of some sort, committed there; anyhow, the zoom is deserted ; no one will even touch the furniture ; it belong to quite the oldest part of the Towers. For my part, 1 wish it oould be pulled down, but Ralph says it could not be done without endangering the bouse itself ; the walls are so thick just there. Oh, to think of your sleeping there. Well, I am glad you have told me. You don't mean to say, you poor thing, that you contemplated another night of horror?' 4 1 certainly did,' I replied, 4 and I don't know even yet if I do not wish to sleep again in, that room. You see I don't believe in ghosts. A ghost would not leave bread and bacon on the floor.' 4 That is true, she replied, thoughtfully. 4 If I sleep in the room to-night,' I said, I shall he well provided with matohes, which I shall use when the first sound ooonrs." 4 You -won't, you can't — suppose you saw something awful.' 4 1 should see something material, at all events,' I said, stoutly. 4 A ghost that oould think of bread and bacon has never yet existed. I have not the least doubt that my -ghost will turn out to have a body.' 'Well, I do' admire your courage,' said Mrs.. Carnegie. 4J need to be plucky enough myself once, but all the talk about this horrible ghost has rather unnerved me. Not a servant will sleep in the old part of the honBe. And the fact is, when we have a lot of ' guests as we have now, it is positively inconvenient to have all these rooms left empty. I'll tell you what it is, Jane — I've a great mind to keep you company to-night in the room at the passage.' Will you really ?' I answered ; then I hesitated. ' But what will your husband Bay? 4 1 shan't breathe a word to him. I often sleep in my :dressing-room, and he will think I am. there. Yes. we'll share the horror together, and if it is a human horror, perhaps we shall get at the true origin of the ghost story. Yes, yes, we'll do it, Jane— you and I. Suppose my dear dressmaking lrieud help me to get rid of the Carnegie ghost ; why, I shall thank you for all the rest of my life. We talked a little longer together, and finally arranged our plan. Mrs. Carnegie was to meet me in the ghostly room between eleven and twelve that night. Not a soul in the house must know of her intention. After we had made up our little soheme, all my' usual courage returned to me, my fears vanished, my spirits rose, I attended to my dressmaking work with renewed ardour, and that evening the rehearsals in the great hall downstairs took place with even more spirit than the day before. The night came, and Mrs. Carnegie, in a pretty blue dressing-gown, met me in the passage which led to the haunted room. 4 Two of us won't be the least bit afraid,' she said. 4 Here is a oandle and a box of matohes. Now, we have only one last thing to decide. When the Thing arrives, who is to strike the match ?' 'I will do that,' I answered. 4 1 will strike it quiokly, and light the oandle.' We then both entered the room. Its cheer less and chilly aspeot struck with renewed force against my heart. In spite of Mrs. Carnegie's bright presence, some of the terrors of the night before returned. There was no use talking of them now, however ; we were in for an adventure of some sort, and must see it out to the end. 4 1 feel like a naughty sohool-girl once again,' said Olive. ' What fun this is.' 4 Hush,' I said in a whisper, 4 don't let as say muoh. If there is any trickery in the matter, the Ghost, Thing, or Person may be on its guard.' She nodded to me ; we got quiokly into bed and put out the light. It was delightful to feel the fellowship of another iuman being. Olive had not yet been really terri fied, and her nerves were stronger to meet anything that might occur than mine were. 4 You are shaking,' she said to me in a whisper; 4 keep up youroourage. I daresay nothing will happen ; for my part, I'm get ting quite sleepy.' 4 Don't go to sleep,' I answered. 4 Hush, hark. What is that ?' Mrs. Carnegie started, and came closer to me. The noise whioh we both Btrained our ears to hear was so slight that it might only be compared to the faintest rustling — in short, it was scarcely a noise at all. My senses, however, peouliarly on the alert, told me that a draught of air, colder than that of the ordinary air of the chilly room, had sud denly swept across the bed. The Thing had doubtless arrived. For the space of a oouple of minutes there was absolute silence, then once again, aB the night before, oame the footsteps. One, two— one, two, they creaked on the boards — they approached the bed.' 4 Strike the light, have courage,' whispered Mrs. Carnegie to me. Making a terrible effort, I oaught hold of the candlestick, took the match-box, struck a match quickly, and lit the oandle. When I did so, a short, terrified howl sounded from something or someone in the room. Mrs. Carnegie and I both raised our heads and peered into the room. For a moment we could see nothing, then two gleaming wild eyes became visible out of the darkness — a head of shaggy hair rose above the eyes — a ragged figure was revealed to us. A large overgrown hoy was standing in the room — he looked wild — half mad. My heart was heat ing so hard that I oould not speak. Mrs. Carnegie, to my amazement, burst into a ring ing laugh. 4 Why, it's Davy,' she said, 4 poor deaf and dumb Davy. Oh, to think that Davy has turned out to be the ghost after all.' She laughed so long that I really thought the terror of the last few moments had seat her into a fit of hysterics. 4 Oh,' she said, 4 Davy would not harm a fly, hut he can't speak or understand any one. Well, well, I wonder how he got into the room.' 4 Don't say anything ; watoh him.' I said. After staring at us both very fixedly for the space of a couple of minutes, the deaf and dumb boy evidently madeup his mind that we were not in the least to be feared. He looked regretfully at the bed where in all probability, when unoccupied, he used to stretch himself ; but seeing that there was no chance of repose there, he prooeeded to the door of the room, whioh he looked, laying the key down beside the wainscot. He then sat on the floor, and unfastening a bundle which he had hanging on his arm, took out of it some bread and bacon, and began to eat greedily and rapidly. Having finished his meal, he looked again with covetous eyes at the bed — he even approached it a step or two ; hut Mis. Carnegie, who knew him, raised her hand and shook it at him. This faot seemed to terrify him ; he went straight to the door, put the key in and unlocked it, then appro- ohed the oak panel in the wall, and pressed a spring whioh revealed a door. The door opened, he went out, and hanged it behind him. 4 There goes our ghost,' said Mrs. Car negie. 4 How did Davy discover that door ? No one has the faintest idea that there is such a mode of entrance to this room.' 4 Who is Davy ?' I asked, when he had departed: 4 Oh, a lad who was horn on the estate, and has lived here all his days. Some people say he is simple, hat I doubt it. Anyhow, he is deaf and dumb, and has never had any training. His usual resting-place is in one of the barns ; no one has ever been able to make him consent to sleep in an ordinary house, and in an ordinary bedroom. In poking aboat one day he must have disoovered the secret entrance to this room, and have detennined to make it his bedohamher. After all, it is a good thing, you oame here, as you have helped us to solve a mystery whioh has given me many terrible nights sinoe I came to the Towers. In oonolnsion.l may add that the theatricals went off without a flaw, that the secret entrance ' to . the : room at the end of the passage has been effectually built 'up, and now the ghost chamber at Carnegie Towers can receive its geuBts and be sleDfc in with impunity.— L. T. Meade. 