?? IB DITI #11 XXI.— (Continued.) ' Sho knows all,' he said, in a tremulous voice ;? ' sho Las takon it. very quiotly — too , quiotly. She has alarmed mo — that unnatural calm is more distressing than the wildest out burst of weeping,' ' Shall we go to her ?' asked her father. ' I think not — I think bIio is bettor alone. Don't disturb her to-day. I will come up again tins evening, ' What did sho say ?' I askod. ' Very little. Sho soomod stunnod, as pooplo are stunned by a suddon blow. Don't linger here ; sho will probably bo going up to her room, and may not like to think you are ?watching her.' Father Francis wont away, , Captain Danton retired to his study. I remained in the recess, which you know is opposito tho draw ,, ing-room, with tho door ajar. I wished , to prevent Eeny or any of tho servants from dis turbing her by euddonly entering. About an hour after, tho door opened, and sho came out and wont slowly up stairs. I caught a glimpse of her face as sho passed, and it had turnod' to tho pallor of death. I heard her outer the room and lock the door, and I bo lieve I sat and cried all the morning. Sho did not come down all day. I called in Bony, and told her what had happened, and shocked tho poor child as sho waB never Bhookod boforo. At dinnor-timo I sent her up stairs, to see if Kate would not tako somo refreshment. Her knocking and milling ro mained unanswered. Sho loft in despair, and Kate nov.or carao down. Another sleepless night — another anxious morning. About eight o'clock I heard Kate's bell ring and Eunice go up stairs. Prosontly the girl ran down and entered tho room whoro I was. 'If you please, Miss Grace, Mies Kato wants you,' said Eunice, with a soared faoo ; '' and, oh, miss, I think sho's ill, ulio do look bo bad I' Wantod mo! I dropped tho silver I was holding, in shcor affright. What could, she want of mo P I wont up stairs, my heart almost ohoking xno with its rapid throbbing, nnd rapped at tho door. Sho opened' it horsolf. Well might Eunice ? think her ill. Onn night had wrought such a -change os I never thought a night could work before. ' She had evidently novor laid down. Sho woro tho dross of yostorday, arid I could HQo tho bod in tho inner room, undisturbod. Her face wan so awfully coi'pso-liko, her , eyes. so haggard and sunken, her bonuty so . mysteriously gone, that I sank boforo hor as if it ? had boon tho spootro of tho bright, beautiful, radiant Kato Danton. Sho loanod against tho low mantel, and motionod me forward with a cold, fixed look. 'You aro awaro,' sho said, in a hard, ioy voioo— oh, so unliko tho sweofc tones of only yostorday — :' what Fathor Francis came here yesterday to say. You and my fathor might havo told mo soonor j . but I blamo nobody. 'What I want to say is this : From this hour I nover wish to hear from any ono tho slight est allusion .to tho past ; I novor want to hoar tho names of those who aro gono. I dosiro you to toll this to my fathor aud sister. Your influence over thora is groator than mino,' I bowed assent without looking up. I could i'ool tho icy staro with whioh bIio was rogard ing mo, without lifting my oyos. 'Fathor Francis montionod a letter that B ? ' ;' sho hesitated for a momont, and finally said — ' that sho sont you! Will you Jot mo soo it P' That oruolj heartless, insulting lotlor! I looked up imploringly, with olaspod hands: ? 'Pray don't,' 1 Baid. '.Oh, pray don't ask mo. Id is unworthy of notioo — it will ? only hurt you moro dooply still.' . ''Sho hold out hor hand steadily, ' Will you lot mo soe it?' What could I do P I took tho lottor from my pookotj btttorly rogrotting that I had not , dostroyod it,1 and handod it to her. 'Thank you.' ' . , SIto walkod to tho window, and, with hor baok to mo, , road it through — road it moro thanouoo, I should judgo, by tho longth of iimo it took her. Whon sho faced mo again, thoro -was no sign of change in hor faoo. . ' Is thiB lottor of any uso to you ? ? Do von want it?' ,. . . , ''jNo, I only wish I 'had dostroyod it long ago.' ' ' Thon, w,iUi your pormission, I will kobp ''YouP' I criod, in conslornation, . 'What ?caii you want with that ?' ' A strango bole pnissod across hor faoo, ?dnrkoning it, and sho hold it tightly in hor grasp. 'I want to keep it for a vory good rorson,' ' i sho said, botwoon hor tooth j ' if ovor I forgot tho good turn Hobo Dantou Iuib dono rao, this lottdv vnU servo to romilid mo of it,' I wns bo frightened by hoi1 look, and kmo, 1 and \Tovcl5,.luat I could not spoak. Sho saw it, and gvew compoHod again instantly. 'I nood not dotatn you any longer,' she .said, looking at hor watch, ' I have no moro to say. You oan toll my father and sistor what I havo told you, I will go down to i Mrottkfnst, and I am much obliged to you,' 'yr, ? ? * She turned from me and went back to tho window. I left the room deeply distressed, and sought the dining-room, whoro I found tho captain and Eeny. I related the whole interviow, and impressed upon them tho necossity of oboying hor. Tho breakfaRt-bell rang whilo wo were talking, and sho came in. Both Eouy and hor fathor woro as much shocked as I had been by the haggai'd change in her ; but neither sp'oko of it to her, Wo tried to bo at our ease during breakfast, and to talk naturally ; but the offort was a mise rablo failure. Sho uevor spoke, except whon directly addressed, and ato nothing. Sho sat down at tho piano, as usual, after breakfast, and practised steadily for two hours. . Thon sho took her- hat and a bocJk, and wont out to tho garden to road, At lunchoon-time sho returned, with no better appotito, and after that wont up to Mr, Richards' room. Sho stayed with him two or three hours, and then sat down to her embroidery frame, still cold, and impassiojiate, and silent, Father Francis came up in tho evening; but sho was cold and unsocial with him as with the rest of us. So that ' first' ? day ended, and so every day has gono on since. What she suffers, sho sailers in solitude and silence ; only her worn faco, haggard cheeks, and hollow oyos toll. Sho goes through tho usual routine of life with treadmill-regularity, and is growing as thin as a shadow. ? She noithor.oats nor sloeps,-nor complains; and she is ' killing herself '-, by. inches. Wo aro worried to doath about hor ; and yet wo are afraid to say ono word in her hearing. Oomo to us, Frank;. you are a physician, and though you cannot 'minister to a mind diseased,' you can at' least toll us what will holp her failing body. Your presence will do Captain Danton good, too ; for I uovor saw him so miserable. Wo are all most unhappy, and any addition to 'our family oirclo will bo for the bettor. Wo do not go out ; wo havo few visitors ; and the place is as lonoly as a tomb. Tho gossip and scandal havo spread like wildfire; tho story is in ' everybody's mouth ; oven in tho newspapers. Hoaven forbid it should como to Kato s cars 1 This stony calm of hors is not to be trusted. It frightens mo far moro than any hysterical burst of sorrow. Sho has .ovidontly somo deep purpose in hor mind — I am afraid to think it may be of revengo. Oomo to us, brothor, arid try, if you can, to holp us in our trouble. ' Your affectionate sistor, ' . Gkaob. CHAPTER XXII. 'SHH TOOK UP THE BUKD18N OP LIFE A01AIN,' Tho second train from Montreal passing through St. Oroix on its way to — somowhero elso was late in tho aftornoon of tho 5lh of Juno. Enstend of shrioking into tho villago depot at four p.m., it was six whon'it arrived and halted about a tnihuto and a half, to lot tho passengers out and tako passongors in. Few got in and fowor got out — a sunburnt old Frenchman, a woazon little Frenchwoman and their protty, dark-skinned, 'black-oyed daughter; and a young man, who was tall arid fair, and good-looking and gontlomanly, and not a Fronchman, judging by his looks. But although ho did not look liko ono ho could talk liko on'o, and had kopt up an animated conversation with protty dark oyos. in capital ' Canadian Fronch for the last hour. Ho liftod his hat politely now, with ' Bon jour, mademoisellti' and walkod away through tho i main streot of tho villago. It was a glorious summoi' evening. ' Tho westorn sky was ull attaino' with the gorgeous huos of the sunset, tho air was liko amber mist, and the Ihrillod voiced , Canadian birds, with their gaudy plumago, sang ,thoir vespor laudates high in the groon gloom of tho foathery tamaracks. | A lovely evening with tho soft hum of villago life, tho distant tinkling opw bolls, tho songs of boys and girls driving' thorn home, far and faint, aud now and thon tho rumbling of cart whools on tho dusty road. ..Tho fiolds on either hand, stretching 'as far as tho oyo could reaoh, groen as volvot; tho giant trees rustling softly in tho faint, swoot breezo ; the flowers bright all along the edges, and ovor all tho goldon glory of tho summor sunset; Tho young maa wnlkod vory ' leisurely along, swinging his light rattan. Wild rosos and Bwoot briar sent up their evening inconso to the radiant sky. The young man lighted a cigar and sont up its incense too. He loft tho villago bohind him presently and turnod off by tho plonsant road loading to Danton Hall, Ton minutes brought him to it, changed sinoo ho had soon it last. The pines, tho cedars, tho tamaracks, woro all out in their summor dress of living greon ; the fiowor gardenB woro aflamo with fiowors, tho orchard was whito with blossoms, and tho red light of tho sunset waB roflectod in mimio glory in tho still, broad fish pond. Climbing rosos aud honoysncklos trailod thoir fragrant brauohes round tho grim atone pillars of tho portico. Windows and' doors stood wide to admit tho cool, rising broozo ; and a big dog, that had gatnbollod un all tho way, sot up a hoarso bark of recognition. No living thing was to bo soon in or around tho houso, but at tho sound of tho bark a faoo lookod out from a window about waist high from tho lawn. Tho- window wns opon, and tho swootbriar and tho rosovinos made n vory protty' framo for tho dolioato young face, A palo and pon sivo faoo, lightod * with luminous dark oyos and shaded by bo ft, rtnrk hair. Tho young man walkod up and rostod his arm on tho low sill, . , ' Good- evening, Agnos,' Agnes Darling hold out hor hand .with n, look of bright plcasurp. ,,? , ' I am gliid'to boo you again, Doctor Dan ton ; and Tigor, too.'. , 'Thanks. I UiomjU I should find you sow ing horo, Havo you ovor loft oil, night or day, sinoo I loft P' ' ' . , Sho smilod and rosumod hor work.' 'T. liko to bo buoy; it koop« mo from thinking, NoL that I havo boon vory busy of Into.'' ' V ? ' ' ' Of uouvso not ; Lho ' wedding garments woron't wanted, woro thoy'r1 and all' tho troimoait, wan vanity and vexation of spirit. You. boo, othors in tho world oamo to griof boiiidos yoursolf, Miss Darling. Am I ox poolod P' ' Yob ; a wook ngo,' ' Who's in tho houso P' ' I don't know oxaotly, Misb Danton is. in tho orchard, I think, with a book I Eony is away for tho day at Miss Howard's, and tho oapjtain. wont up the villago an hour ago, J. daro say they will bo back f or .cUnnoiv' |Pootor'!l!1i-auk took auothor position on the window si.ll and loanod forward with aloworod voico. ? , ' ' And how dooB tho ghost got on, Agnoo P Has it mado its nppotiranoo since P' ' Agnes Darling dropped h'or work and lookod up at him with cliiNpud handii. ' Doctor Danton, I havo scon him !' 'Whom? Thoghost?' 'No ghost ; but my husband. It waB Harry, as plainly as over I saw him.' She spoke in a Voico of intenso agitation, but tho young doctor listened with perfect coolness, ' HowVas it, Agnos ? Whoro did you soe him ?' 'Walking in tho Tamarack avonue, oho moonlight night about a week ago, with Miss Danton.' 'And you are positive it was jour hus band P' ' Do you think I could make a mistake in such a matter ? It was Harry — I saw him clearly in tho moonlight.' ' It's surprising you did not run out and fall down in hysterics at his feet.' ' j Sho sighed wearily. ' No ; I dared not. But, oh, Doctor Dan ton, when shall I see him P When will you toll him' I am innocent ?' ' Not just yet ! it won't do to hurry1 mat tors in this case. You havo waited long and patiently ; wait yofc a little longer, -until the right time comes. Tho happiness of krfowing ho is alivo and well and dwelling nildor tho samo roof with you should reconcile you to that. ' - ' It does,' sho said, hor toara falling softly. ' Thank Heaven I ho still lives. I can hope now. But, oh, doctor, do you really think him Captain Danton's son P' ' I am certain of it ; and no ono will giyo you a moro cordial wolcomo than Captain Danton when I toll him tho truth, Just now I have no proof, Do you know what1 lam going to do, Agnos ?' ' No;' ' Crosby is married and living in1 Now York. I moan to tako a journey to- Now York shortly, and get a written declaration of your innocence from him. Thoro — no thanks now. Keep up a good heart, and.' wait patiently for a month or two longer. Oomo, Tigor.' ? I He was gono, whistling a tune as ho. Vent, The entrance hall was doserted, tho dining room waB empty, and ho ran upstairs to tho drawing room. Grace was tlioro, with hor back to tho door ; and coming up noisolossly, ho put his arm around hor waist and kissed hor beforo bIio was awaro. , ? j ,- Sho facod about with a lifcfclo cry t that changed to an exclamation of delight iupon seoing who it was. ' Oh, Frank ! I am so glad ! Wheii did you come ? I expected you a week ago.' JL A.UUVV IVf ' BUIU MUJ.- U1UUUDI , IliUU J. could havo come, too, but it Htxuiok me I Bhould like to arrive to-day.' ; ' To-day ! why ? Oh, I forgot, tho 5th of Juno. It is hard, Frank, isn't it ? juBt to think what might havo beon and what is.' ' ' How does sho tako it ?' ' 'V ' Sho has boon out nearly all day,' ropliod Graco, knowing whom ho moant ; ?' sho feels it, of course, moro than words can toll ; but she nover betrays ? horself by ? look or action. I havo novor soon her shod a tear or utter one despondont word from tho day tho Jaews roaohod hor until this. Her faco shows what tho suffors, and that is beyond hor -power to control.' ' '.-,... ? . .'&..; Doctor Frank walkod thoughtfully to tho window and looked out at the fading bril lianco of the sunset. A moment' lator, and Eeny rodo up on horseback, sprung out of hor saddle on tho lawn, and, tripped up tho steps. Anothor moment, and ,sho was in tho draw ing rooVn. ' I saw yon at tho window,' sho said. 'I am glad yon havo como back again. Danton Hail is too dismal to bo desoribed of late. Ah ! dear old Tigor, and how aro you, Doctor Frank P' loworinghor voico, ' do you know what day, this is P' Doctor Frank looked at hor with a faint shadow of a smile, on his' face, humming a lino or two of a, ballad, , . - . ,, ?,' ' Long havo I .been. true . to you. Now, I'm ti-uo no longer.' Too bad, Eony, wo should lose tho wodding, , and ono wedding, they say, makes many.' y Too bad !' echoed Eony, indignantly, ' Oh, Doctor Frank, it was cruel of Rose,' wasn't it? You would hardly know poor' Kato now.' s ' HubIi I' said tho doctor ; 'hero sho comosl' (To bo continued.) 