THlii SHADOW ON THE 'MOOft. ?? Thee'd bettcr'stay 'ore awver night,' -.Tho speaker was the landlord of- a very small, Devonian inn,, or, ruthcr, public-house, in oue of those little,' villages which fringe thn borders of Dartmoor j the listener u young nmu -iu tourist costumc, who was adjusting ft knapsack on his shoulders.. . . 44 Aye, and for a.few nights beyond too. I suppose,' rotorted.the traveller rather eharply, for he was not in the best of tempers. Vivian Grey was- a'- struggling water-colour' artist, who spent the summer tramping about like Br. Syntax, 44 in seat ch of tbe picturesque' transferring choice bits of scenery to bin sketch . book for later working up iuto pictures. He was not without some talent ; but the bill of Parnassus is uevcr an easy ascent for either painter or poet, and Vivi&n;'a earning?* from his \- profession were but scanty at present. There* fore, after putting up with rather second-rate, accommodation at this small wayside hostelry, ho was annoyed tofiudtbiit bis bill amounted to about what he would have paid at Plymouth or Exeter for bettor usage. He bad botne witlf tbe discomforts of the little 14 pub ' for a day or two while he completed somu- sketches in the vicinity, and uovy discovered that the keepers r)f tho Hbiuu hotels i»ro not the onlv Boitifnccn *?bo couutthe 41 views'' of locpl sceuery as items to bo charged for, directly or indirectly, in their bills. Not that mine host's claijn was a very largo one, bat Viviaji, like many another .-traveller, cherished visions 'bf the ideal inn of ' bveet Auburn (did such ever exist out of . a poem ?), and thought resentfully that the bard bed, and the inferior cooking, and the noise made by the convivial occupants of the tap froom in the evenings hbould have been taken account of in the charges, aud have diminished them by a- shilling or two. ' So, though- thu tourist paid without discussion, he did so with' eorne smothered unnoyance, and responded sar castically to the landlord's invitation to pro* ? long Lis stay. But the latter was apparcutly. heedless of the intended satire., 44\. lt bo Midzummcr Eve to-night,' ho re-, marked stolidly. '.Oh, and I suppose. you mean I shall meet tho pixie# on the moor.' ; 41 Not the pixies, lint the sperriW, maybe.' u I'm nob afraid of either sporrits or bogies/' replied the young man, ;taking?u(i his stout walking-stick ; ;44 a mist over fclje moor is the \--nly thing I should fear, and .there is not much chance of that. on such a fine evening^' and hie' passed quickly out of the inn, ;'fo'rj ho proposed to walk auother-sia; or* seven cnile^ before dark, ?and the sun wks already wcateijng;1 '' . 'I wuddeh go if I 'was theo,' pbVsisted ' honest Boniface, bnt as his lata guest was j already tramping down tho lane . he merely shook his head, end returned to his tap-room 'in silence. ' ?' ? It was mdeed-a most^beautiful. summers evening, ami as Vivian climbed the steepi* nar row lane which lift down; to' tho'.villajje from tbe higher moorland ab^ve'' (West country folk usually wisely nestle their bajjitatious under or at tho side of the bill's, min'tlful of the winter gales and snowstorms) he was tempted constantly, to turn and linger, surveying the wide spreading landscape with airaiTurtist's flehght. Indeed, when .he ' at la*t efnerged upon tbe inoor tho painter could not resist halt ing for awhilo under the-shade oi a tftoup of granite tors to gaze on the ftir.sccnobcneath bim,.lying.so calm and peaceful, ''bathfd in the. yuuset light. ^ ?, ? - Vivian had been on foot since' Mhe early morning, working hard to finish his sketch. The day had been hot und fatiguing,' ind he .bad managed, in spite of'jhe indifferent cook ery. aud-teavy beer, t« nialiV'o substantial ?jaeal heforo quitting tho.-inu. -? Lying luxuri ously upoi^ bis plaid, with his knapsack uuder liis head, ho gradually dropped' into a comfort able sleep. Ho woke at length, aa everyone £oes froin such unauthorised slumbers, with ir fludden start, a stmsatiou of having been asleep Tor months or years, and a goneral feeling of hhilliness nnd stiffness. The young man sprang tip hastily He hid actually' s'ept.'for over two' Iiouib ; it was not eight o'clock whuu ho last remembered glancing at.his natch; and decid ing that he really must move 44 in a minute ot two,' ' and/now tho old church clock, far away beneath bim,wru- slowly', striking. ten. Fortu nately the moon was'iip. and at i£s full. Unilep its clear silvt tjy light every objeotj1 was as dintiuct ???as. at midday; no fear this . evening of that dread of all r Dartmoor travSllers^ a 44 moor ' mist,' . '? ' For a moment Vivian hesitated whether bo should return ,to his former hostelry, but his . -prido revoltod at^his, in away; seeming^ to accept tho landlords suggtstion. .No, tie would tmshonto Tavistock, where, in a town with good hotels, he wonld be sure to find sopieono up tor readily wokeablo) even at a late hour in the ? ivening. So, shouldering h»ai knap-sack, the young man stepped out : briskly^ 1^'wasvery silent all round, not a sound, not h movement anywhere. This otter solitude of the moor, impressive even in' the daylight, was infinitely more so in the quiot of the night. ' As he tramped alobg -. Vivian at first thought ' how delightful and beautiful -was this stillness ; then,astho iutense quiet grew almost oppressive, he felt that it woultj be an advautago ' to liave acompauion to whom he might exclaim: 4 How charming is solitude ! ' At length, after about an hour's steady tramp, he began to Qnd liim self decidedly tired and hungry, and to opine : that the sight of tho good town of. Tavistock, . lying beneath him in tho valley, would.be a ' more agreeable prospect that ereu tbe loveliest moonlight.cffects ' over the'*mobr. . He Was : a ware that he should have been witbiu eight of . bis destination by thisr time had ho kept aii'ttio : right road, but still feeiug .nothing but tbe ?'v moorland around, the pisagrecafilu suspicion that v he had misBed the ^proper track began to.force citselfondiB mind.. It is, in.trutlr, as^casy to , loose one's way on Durtmooveven in full day light, as to lose , one's purse in a London crowd. Distances are deceptive in tlie olear atmosphere, ? 'and the apparent landmarks made.by the many tors prove most deceitful ; for'all those granite pilis ro'exaotly resemble one 4nqthcr that, asa '1; -candid guide book remarks, 4 ' desgiiptions of v .thein ouly serve to mislead the tourist ' ; who, r indeed, is often .deceived by the fancied recog. nition of some particular- tor, led to shape his ; path accordingly, and to lose bis' way. . ! On stumbling hastily to hitf feet after- hiff . sluihbbr Vivian bad, in factt turned the wrong way* and was now walking iu quito a contrary direction to the oiie which be wished to pursue; . v He bad unfortunately lost biH usual guide, his pocket compass, that very' morning, apd could \- ; now. only trudge on, trusting,' at the worst, to ? coiie to sonio farmhouse where he might obtain . quarters for the flight. Moonligh fc _with its deep shadows, is rather a perplexing guide by which * to. find an unknowu road'; and as Vivian ; splashed into more tbau me bog he began to remember the legends of M prTxy led ' travellers i wbQhad wandered about tho moor until day .light, and to rcfleot ruefully that bo himself :. ;aeemed likely to 44 make a night of it ^ in the ?\ open.' ? - 1 M I'll try for a larmhouse, anyway,' Viviau said to himself, turning off the. moor, into a v lane which skit ted it for a while, and wbioh . be thought might probably lead to sotne hubita , tio'u, If but a cottage. ?Tho lonq was dark aa well as barrow, but as ,1 Vivian walked briskly down it he fancied be' s ? y liearda light step behind him. Ho turned v round, but could see nothing,, 'spoke and re-' ?ceived no reply, 'and yet, as he resumed his .progress, it Certainly appeared that a footstep, .a light, swift footfall, was following him. ? Viviau was not a nervous man, but there is always something unpleasant in being thus ftilently followed in the dark ; grasping his stick he swung round tdiarply and called to know 44 who was theie ?' but all was darkness and sileuco. It seemed unlikoly that anyone should be lurking iu so solitury a place for purposes of robbery ; but tbe young man felt that he should be glad to get back upon the moor agaiu, and hurried along tbe rough part towards an opening whore tho mooubeamn fell clearly. Was it fancy, or did the light, quick *lcps behind him hasteo, top ? 44 It's only some auimal,' thought tho traveller ; but it was a relief, nil the same, to quit the lane and to flud himself beside a cot .tagf, although, to his disappointment, tho habitation proved deserted aud partially roof less, the door hanging by ono hinge, tne wliole building falling into decay. 44 I'm so dead boat that I've half a mind to carrip in hero till daylight,' thought the young man to himself, as he pushed his way into the desolate interior, disturbing a large ov/l as he did so. I . But thero was something singularly un attractivo and desolate-looking in the appear ance of this roiu, something inexplicably re pellent like tho i% sense of fear ' which Hood has dercribt d as brooding over the— 4' Haunted House ' of his poem. 44 If I wero a superstitious .fellow, I should say that some crime Tiad been committed here, and the cottage abandoned afterwards,' thought Viviao, with a shudder, born partly of fatigue, partly of the situation. 4# It's Abominably louoly hero,' he said aloud; 4*if. I'm bound to make a night camping out, I wish I'd somione to keep me company.' Was the wish prophetic ? As ho spoke Vivian movud out of the hslf-ruined porch into the open^ whero tho moon shone clear ; and there— wo* he dreaming P—two shadows fell distinctly upou the sward — his own and an- other's ! . ? *4. What do you mean by dogging me in this „way ?' cried the artist, fiercely turning on bis imagiuary ansuilunt ; but there waa no ono visible. He hastily dashed bock iuto the cot tage and searched itv rooms— only two ; tho upper floor?,-' if any such had existed, bad been removed, or ..had fallen away, but be fouud no one. Aud yet, to account for tho shadow fall iug whero it did, the . substance which pro jected. it must have certainly stood just behind bim. . ?4 1 am growing as nervous as a. cat, that's .what it is,' thought the young man pissing out of: tbe door again, and persuading himself that ail which he had seen and heard was mere fancy. Vet he could not forbear gloucing ?again on tho gra&s;, and there — oh, horrible !— lay the double shadows , one his own, rocognis ablo by the outline of his straw hat, the other vague,. shapeless, but distinctly visible. . Vivian was no coward, and he steeled him self resolutely, 4» It's just the.shadow of the cottage gable,' be said aloud (for tberu was comfort iu heating even his own voice in -the utter silence aruund 'him. *4 I'll walk on aud. think no more of these .fooleries,' aud he *-tepped.out sturdily, far away from all possible shadow of the cottage. Aud the two nhadow'8, side by side, sped swiftly over .tbe moor ; .while that footstep (very soft now, as if it was deadened by, the heather) kept pneo behind him. Vivian desperately shut his ? eyes for a few fnoments and walked on, but his straining ears still caught that light footfall at btS'back, * Ho opened his eyes and halted. He was standing iu an utterly solitary nlaceL ; no trpu nor tor near-to throw a wbadow j and yet two distinct oulliuia lay 'at his fret- . He uiistrapp.tid aud. tbvew ''awny his knapsack, which might, ho* strpvo. to think, be accountablo for that other-, reflectiou — the knapsack lay with its- owu ohadow behind it, but the other myftletious out-., line still flickered and moved beside his own. It was undefined in actual form, but palpably there! 44 I shall go off my chump altogether if this sort of thing keeps ou,' thought Vivian, as a cold sweat bedewed his brow. There was some thing so unutterably horrible in this nameless haunting presence. Hb set off to walk rapidly, hn jared not in what direction, only anxious to shako off this awful companion ; but, move where he would, close by his side flitted tbe shadow, close behind tripped that soft step. Then he shouted aloud, and adjured tbe Thing, whatever it was, to speak, or to appear in any other form but this ; but not a souud broke tbe silenco of the quiet summer night. Ho swung round as if to surprise ahU unwelcome companion ; ho even thrust bis hands bebiud him in the attempt to clutch it, .but only grasped the air. As he rau, or walked, or stood still, that twin shadow kept pace with his own, waving and moving, and at times melting into it, exactly as the shadow of a human compauion would have doue 4*I shrill go stark ' mad,' Vivian almost wailed at leugth, that awful form of fear—fear of the supernatural and the unknown— beginning to overwhelm bim. If he could but face the Thing ! A sudden idea occurred to him ; lifting up his eyes, ho saw a heap of boulders not far away. 44 1 will force the thing, ghost or dovil, to come out from behind me,' he muttered, and begau to run towards the granite stones, while the footsteps sped Bwif tly after him, aud the twin shadows raced side by aide in the inoon light. Breathless and exhausted Vivian dashed up to the largest block of stone and placed his back firmly agaiust it. 44 Now,' he cried, 44 lurk behind me longer if you can,' Clear at his feot lay his own shadow* clear by its side flickered the other. outline; aud asVivian turned wildly to glauce at tbe grauite masses abovo him Lo fancied ho heard, a low mocking luugh} as of one who had triumphantly out witted an antagonist. ; Tho cup of horror was now. full j Vivian was couscious of a frantic clutch at the-boulders, a crash of falliug - stoues, then daikntsB and oblivion. . ' f . It was a startling experience for' a quiet ! I Dartmoor farm labourer, passing to his work next morning, to come upon a young gentleman {lying iniensible among a qunntity of fallen j stone at the foot of the tors. Save for tho io | quiiltive sagacity of . this shepherd's drg, who, i having first investigated the strange sight for 1 himself, persiht^d iu attracting his msater to tho spot. Viviaii Grey might hive died before ho was rescued. As it was, bis discoverer found him lyiug iua stato of uucoiisoiousuoss, with a sprained «t;»kIo aud sundry contusions resultant from a f?li amid stones ; and when carried by kindly h*nds to the nearest farmhouso (where the Qood Samaritans its owner willingly placed their spaKo hedroom at the traveller's, dis posal) it vp s many days bofbre he could give any clear account of himself, though ho raved incessantly about shadows and footsteps and tho demon* who hauuttd the moor. * * 14 And V it's my belief he's been misled by the epirrits of, tbe lane,' said .the comely old farmj dame, confidently, to the doctor ** Folks do say tbat-she walks still ou Midsummer live, you know zir' . ? ' 41 How can scosiblo women liko yourself bo lievo such nonsense, Mrs. Prior ?' replied tbe local Bsoulaplus ' why, your ,very. grand childnn would laugh at tho, foojiaji tale,'1 - , 44 lis, sir,' said, Mrfl prior, bridling,. us %\\\ knnn^ that tho young folks be a miglity sight wiser tbau. their elders nowaday—it's a differ^ ent world sence I was young.' 44 It's plain coough what's happened to thia young fellow,' Yemarked tho doctor, as he ndjisted a frtt-h bandage round Vivian's foot.; 44 he lost bis way on the moor-and then slipped down trying to climb among tho tors. I expect he fainted with the pain of this sprained ankle, nnd then, got a chill lying in the dews, which has landed him in a pretty attuck of rheumatic fever; but be*4 a stout young fellow, and will round well .enough, . I think; ouly _you won't be rid of him for, a tour weeks yet.' ' 44 1 bo sure the poor gentlemau's welcome enough to the room so lonjr as he, wants un,'. said kindly.Mrs. Prior; and it was, indeed, only after liouih demur that she agreed, to accept Viviau upon tho 44 paying guest' footing, a position which he naturally insisted on assum ing as soon as be recovered from hi$ delirium and learnt where ho was, and borr he* had been found on tbe moor. Dread of ridiculo kept Vivian sileut upon tbe subject of hiw fancied vision. lie had, indetd, attempted to mention something of it to.the doctor, but met with so littlo oucourugement that bo soon desisted. Perhaps, after all, the fever had bten upon him earlier iftan ho had . been, aware of, -and the supposed bights eud Bounds of that terrible night's journvy were but' delusions— the first symptoms of a coming ill ne»s. But when allowed1 to descend to'SIrs. Prior's snug parlour ho found the household iu a gi eat stato of excitement. On turning . over his smull possessions, Vivian (liscovered that o pencil case *bioh he greiUv, valued bad b-;cu broken froni his watch chain. (Thinking that it might have beeu cauglitby.someofthe.ston.es among which he had fallen He bad requested the children of the house to search amid tbe tora for it on their next half holiday, promising a small reward to its flndnr.' The juveniles accordingly set of! for the moor ; but though they failed to recover tho artVt's peneii-case they soon reached home full t^f a greater dis covery, which put all other matters out of their minds. _ ' Vivian's aimless clutch at the granite boulders bad displaced ono of tbe blocks;of stone fbovu him; Tho rescuing party had been too occupied with the traveller to pause to exaraino his sur roundings ; but the children, climbing and peering about the tor ot once (jitcovered that this stone had raatked the entrance to a fair sized cavity amid the rocks. Anything' like a 44 eavo ' is irresistibly attractive to every welk* constituted boy, and Tommy and Hilly woiked diligently to enlarge tbe opening uutil.they could peep withiu~and beheld a man's skeleton, yet held together by a few moulderiog remains of what had once been clothes- or wrapping^ some silver shoe-buckles, and a few coins of * century and a-half ago lying amid the dust of what had probably Wen a purse ! Tommy aud Billy, horribly scared, and yet greatly elated at becomiug the bearers of such tin astonishing piece of news,' fled back to the farm ou the wiogp of the wind ; theu for we^ks, nay, mouthtf, the wholo locality wis iu a delicious stato of exciteumnt, marvel, and questioning. Doetois, aud coroners, aud juries, and all tmuiucr of inquisitive and irresponsible inquirers camo to 44 view,' and to u nit,' and to -4 investigate ' iuto the dark secret which those grey stones. hud concealed for so many years, and Tommy and Billy were tho envy of all their juvenile companions, owing to tho local importance with which their strange dis covery invested them. 44 Local tradition,' which lingers so long .in rural districts, and is more reliable than some, folks believe, assisted in pircing together possible' explanation of the preseuce of ' tlie t-kclePon in its strange restiug-pluce. in the cariier half of the last century it w.\i remcm bcred^h'at'uu (dderlv man had recided iu the- ' ruinous cottagft'whero Vivian had experienced' so disagreeable a shock. This maq waa uot '-a nativobf tliii place ; he lived a hermit life ;? none know wht nee he cume or wbat.'was his occupation'; but it was whispered-that he Ws u mi6er, and that gold and silver were 'concealed in his poor abode After residing for sonic years iu solitude, making no acquaintances and ad mitting no visitors, he was suddenly joined by on elderly bard-feuturcd woman who described herself as his daughter, and announced that she had'eomo to live with him and keep his house. It, was said iu the neighbourhood that the old man was greatly disturbed by ber appearance, and received her with the utmost reluotauce. Passers-by the cottage had often heard tho pair enguged in augry discussion^ and it was hinted that some -guilty fceret was scared between the m, and that tbe old man's very obviuus fear of his daughter might be the result of a dreed i of her revealing it. However, the woman made good her footing, aud remained, aud grew to be a power in the vicinity. 8he professed to be able to tell foi tuues, revert e spells, act generally as. a 4- white witch ' ; certainly she possessid a skill in tbe use of what she termed 41 yarbs' (i.e., herbs), whioh brought her muny customers. But it was au illicit, utiboly kind of trade which aho drove ; and tho lonely lane, her usual consulting-room, bad witnessed some strapgo sceues. Fious and strict-living vilUgers shook their heads when Prup's natno waa mentioned ; but prodigal youths and foolish niBideus, and many a local black sheep,, found a complaisant friend, a I useful ally ;-nnd,; though muny a farmer cursed heriuhd^ hisL breath for a witch, everyone was outwardly, civil to a - woman whom ill feared. Mean time the old man 44 broke ' visibly, anil it was said that tho woman tyrannised cruelly over him. One day bo disappeared. Prudeuco. when her father's absence was remarked upon, answered briefly that he had gone away to re side at Plymouth, she believed, being1 tired of a j country life, and bad made over the cottage to her. It was no one's1 business to con tradict her, or to inquire further. Rural folk, in the days of the early Georges, were not. given to much investigation into tho private affairs of 44 strangers ' who bad settled among them ; so, though it was thought strauge that the old. man should hare {^ono awny thus suddenly and fdleutly, and apparently on foot, ho hadcoiine into the neighbourhood equally mysteriously, aud onljr vanished as .he had arrived. - One peison, a client of Prudence's, .remembered hav-j iug. heard a furious altercation raging betweeu the father and daughter, the evening before the ! former was missed, aud before this visitor likd' rapped at the cottage door )io had overheard the woman say passionately, i 44 Yes, you thought you had hidden yourself from mo here, but 1 sold my soul for that uipney as well us you did, and 1 will have my share if I take your life to get it.' This young man had always an uncomfort able suspicion about tho fate of the old miser, but he was too much in the power of the -4white witch,' who knew siiuie Ugly iecrets about bim, to venture to make * his doubts public ih ber lifetime. But there came a day when Prud ence's obliging use of 44 yarbs ' (at the instiga tion of a young farmer, who ' wished to conceal some u wkward passages 'in* bis former career), resulted in the death, by design or accident, of an unfortunate ' girl whom the flbkle suitor had thrown over for a wealthier bride, aud thiu natter was too sotioos to be *4 hushed up.-' Au liunant crowd set out for tho pottage, the mob u-g vengeance against , the 44 wise vyoinau,' h c.»l. constables oharged with a warrant for. Um woinau's apprehenston on a capital charge. But Piudeuce . hud .paasei beyond the juris diction of. eaithly- tribunals,;., for vyhen after vainly asking for admittance' the cottage door waB forced open(the wretched woman was found lying on ' herv' bed dead, with an expression of such horror upon her ~ countenance'- as'slmcftt justified the village assertion that ''the dovil h'd strangled her.?' - ? ? ? 44 Death from, poison ' was the verdict of .tho doctor, and, taking all. the circumstances of -the case into consideration, it was not surprising tbot a local coroner's, jury pronounced a felo de so ; nor that the orthodox' ^cross- road' burial place selected for tho miserable woman was at the foot of the lonely lane which led to ber cottHge. As had been suspected, a rather largo amount of money, and some valuablo (though broken up) jewellery was: found hiddeu in the cottage; but no inquiries availed to discover any trace of the old man- who had previously disappeared, . .The cottage (which ho had pur chased on his iirst coming to the neighbour hood) fell into a roiu, nono caring to occupy it; for it was rumoured that Frudcuco's restless spirit' was still wont to 44 walk r iu tho lane, where so many wicked secrets had been once wbiiipered into her ears. Years passed by, the story became half* foigotten, but there was an cccasional talk that 14 the sperrit '? had bceu seep pr heard of aguiu; Midsummer's JEve, the dato on which tho old man was Ihsi seen ulive, beiug usually selected for these manifestation*. ' liut I doubt the witch'll walk now, seeing thb o(d man 'ave had Christian burial,' re uiarkcil good Mrs Prior, alluding lo the inter ment the skeleton, ( which had taken place after tho 44 investigations '' hud been con cludcd|l, Lociff opiuion, at least, was satisfied that the^e njameless 'remains were those of the old m^ser ;*ji the slioe-buckles discovered with the bones libnring his initials, tho coins found cor responding iu date with tho time of his dis appearance. That his unuatural daughter hid murdered tho ol(i mun, carried or drugged his body tojits biding-placo amid, the rocks (be was a small; withered old man, she a tall, stalwart woiq»n)L seemed at least more than probable ; the 'villagers had no doubt- about the matter, ,Whp tht| father and daughter wore, from whence they came, by what .-guilty means they had be come poksessed of the treasure found in their cot't'5ge,V Were mysteries which the pair had carried irith them to their graves. ' . Viviaii' hedrd all this story from Mrs. Prior during hjaftedious convalescenco, while he lay ou the hard uncomfortable sofa of her 44 best parlour in tho evenings, and bis kindly host ess sat kmtting by, bis side, chattipg to -44 cheer him up a| bit ' ' And ainid this flow of friendly' chat' Vivian was tempted to give tho- good' woman his ver sion of what ho had soen. or believed, he hud SReiiT th^t night on the. moor. Mrs*. Prior listcm d \\\iik full and cheerful faith. 44 Thee]st beer old Prue's step, and see her shadow, sir, sure enough,' aho promptly re plied,1 44 and you iddeu the only person as tbicky dead. old witch 'ave a' frightened nigh out ot their lives if folks speak true. Maybe, she've been trying all these years to drive. folks nigh wl^ere she hid tbe old man, that he mun como to a 'dedrut grave at last; I doubt if 6hb'll walk so much now, seeing.b'er father's buried 'rightfnl.'» Vivian -Grey at least never tested the matter, for whether liis late nocturnal experiences had been merely;'- an hallucination or au. actual reality he never again Uttemptod to traverse country roads alone after nightfall after hi* encounter with that fearful 44 Shadow on the Moor.' . , ? ?!-.-. 