REMEMBERING THE WIDOW. Mr. King O'Malley delivered one of the best speeches yet listened to from liim in the Assembly when moving the second reading of the Testamentary Disposition Bill on Wednes day afternoon. The chief design of the measure is to direct that when-a widow has not been left at least a third of her husband's estate she may apply to the Public Trustee for a judge's order granting her a reasouablepro vision from the property.. It is not! honest or just, Mr. O'Malley argues, to give the husband power because of a deathbed caprice to leave liis widow penniless, and he appealed to the House to release the wife from the control of the palsied hand of death. The law guarantees a wife proper maintenance during her husband's lifetime, and why not after death he asks. He desires to divest dead husbands of living powers and to deliver .the living widow from the . dictation of the Cold grave. The widows had as much right to live as the hus bands.had to die. - He acknowledges that many society ladies are prejudiced against, the Bill, but he ' prefers to rely ■ upon: the • unbiassed judgment " of the good and sensible women of Encounter Bay and elsewhere." "Only bad husbands do as you suggest"interjected Mr. Wood, and Mr. O'Malley replied ■ that laws are made against a few burglars, and he wants to catch the bad husband who disinherits his wifo and "leaves liis whole -property, as a fire insurance on his degraded soul, to' some church." He adjured the House not to act like "a midnight school of famished Texas prairie dogs harking at tiie imaginary ghosts of their de parted ancestors." Ho referred to the delusions under which some testators suffered, and- Mr. Handyside . mis chievously asked "What is a delusion ?" The quick reply was " A delusion is something from which the honorable member is-suffering in respect to this .Bill." Then there was a loud laugh at Mr. Handyside's expense, the merriment growing groator when Mr.' O'Malley asked whether all.legislators present would not rather shake hands' with a.living •widow.tliMVWitih bos doa4 buBband,. Ho paid an eloquent: tribute -to the character of his dead wife, . who, he said, bad been a partner to him in every: sense of; the word, and he asked what would bethought of him if he married a South Australian girl and on his death left her penniless in favor of his friends in America. Finally' ,he announced that the Bill was very dear to his heart and pleaded with the House to take it into com mittee without delay. He was rewarded with cheers, when he sat dowii, and Mr. Holder briefly, stated that the Government Would -treat the matter as an open question. He will support the second reading, although he would like; the children considered also, and Mr. Land seer took a similar view, as did Mr, Horn burg, who remarked that though he does not admire Mr. O'Malley'a rhetoric he recognises the great importance of. the Bill, which he con siders, when the second reading has been passed,* should be referred to a- Select; Com mittee or Royal Commission, who shall be empowered to report on the whole question of testamentary dispositions. : Mr. Homburg obtained leave to talk again on the subject on Wednesday, December 1. . ' 