? ™T (BY ATTICUS). At last we have seen the commencenient of the beginning of something which will end the monstrous food imposts. It was left for a W.A. Boer to extract the eye-tooth of an admission from the Premier that he was going to do something in the way f ameliorating the shfiferings of the great bulk oi the people in the matter of .unnecessary cost of living in this ring-ridden colony. , The instinct of political self-preservation must have been abnormally strong in the Boer member for West Perth to have driven him to force his chief on to the ropes and keep him there till he was knocked out. • Said the member—"The great question^ however, was that of bread and meat." (Hurrah ! Mr. Boer, you hit the bull's eye first time.) He Asserted that the supply and the prices charged rendered it impossible for the butcher to sell at a profit. You lie, ^aid the " King of the Ring," jumpingmp. Of course he said it in pow-\vow language. He said " you are wrong." The member maintained he was n<Jt, and this assertion will be corroborated by everyone iu the colony save the "King pf the Eirig," the members of his and the Other rings, the meat Government, and its meat-growing supporters. — rr West Perth continued— "Before he voted against the poor little expression s ~ of regret, * which the Premier would only look at as a ' no confidence motion,' he must have a positive assurance that the (food) duties would be reduced 'if not abolished.'" The Premier then said that the " House already had his assurance that the Government would deal with the matter next session." \- Will they be reduced ? said the mover of the consumptive little amendment to the speech. You see these Boers know each other and the dark, and devious little games they used to practice on each'other. They play. them unitedly pn the Ouitlanders now. The Premier (sullenly) " i said some would be reduce'I and others abolished.", As a matter of fact he had not previouely said any such thing. He had merely reiterated the, assertion that he (I leave the rest of the Cabinet *>\it of the question as they are flfllf owtl head clerks of'fcheir several depart> ^ 0 . praettcjato^^ipii tljie' death' of (be 'poo* . .. rn . Tlie i " i n^nKnUSntl Opposition 'illjll did .«nt not IMf get filB the promw «••/>« in writing, a socred , fetish with t^ipse . BOBTO, but it was made before BO many witnesses th&t; it cannot be departed from unless the meat Government wish to commit hmi 3d; on bheiRse, the 2d. on "butter and candles? Here is .where,\ve want reduction or jtbolitibn. We want cheap food for our household and our stables. Hang up expenditure on the agricultural districts for awhile. Drop it altogether in the Northern deserts. This is the game the meat Ministry must carry on if it wishes to live. Otherwise, it will go. For font time it has had to taste the bitterness of defeat on a test question. It nas had to come off its stilts and for £he first time it sees the uses of an Opposition, small arid disunited though it may be. But that the blow should have come from West Perth—the Government's own man. What are ."lifers little ironies" in this case ? , Certainly this Boer is almost an^Ouitlander, so strong is his electorate in foreigners how and • I presume he did not want to • make the losing of his seat a certainty next election. Hence his duty began first at home and then to his chief. I do not blame him; but I pity him when the maided lady gets at hiin, as she will sooner or later. She rarely forgets and never "forgives. Dear old Boer Hubble stated iu tlie Pow Chamber last week that he " had. "seen a working man the other day " paying 3s. 6d. for his week's tobacco,'' and the Member for Albany interjected amid much laughter, Shocking, shocking." '-It is shocking" ^kid Boer Hjibble. To his eyes it most appear terrible that a man away from his wife atid childrenj deprived,of every form of enjoyment because tlie dearriess of everything, and made to* pay 10d. for each pound - of > SKplf he ea ts, should drown laneijjjiess ill five qunces of-/.t^ac^ ^vei^^ invert Says. What h^ %pjiild ,;do if/"to $j[ye. tr.is money:- ^ptly dodatiou ; t6' Boer Hubble andfett&her; sheepfbwners 1 . Let him and^-mfe f^^; .wdrkmen tjiis, not.so mt^^^l^i^Ofi^iiaiy •'aii, but as a duty .^^^^Wer Hjlfebles for ' ' ^ " Boerlaud at MJi.wheii .ipy:migl>|' .^yvd they so decid^^r^9^^! 1^ ejj&lto;&d; jiim and his fellows iis " Aliens."^ 0f c<Jiir.se it is not necessary -to..;',ppn'i^;'mit ^liat there . are no .. workmen , itt th6 . GasCoyue ; v „ - district winch Boer Hubble represents, There art/ only " a few • sheep — Beers there, and like a certain towiiHiu Scotland where a Jew finds he Ganiiot make a living, so workmen find it Impossible tp exist at the Gascoyue. Llse we should not h'ave had this outburst from Hubble | ! ! T dare say it doesn't cost, him 3s. fid. per week to worship his God. . The one Boer who had the courage of his . opinions, was the "younger brother," the one who has more than any other made the colony a placfe where people can only exist, not live. He said boldly lie was the representative of the . squatters, _ in a squatting district, that he intended to do ah he could to retain the meat duties, and would not depart frota his intention. He said the squatters did not object to duties being ptit itit upon upon manufactured manufactured goods, and that al£ Innolltr the /OF meat supply was produced onill'Go Via locally. (Of course he didn't >ay this admiring this particular Th^rp. .•«•-. is a hardihood asstirance abofct him which lifts him ^cle^out of -the ruck. I could , imagine the success such a one as lie would have made in tlie South Seas, in the olden days, when a man held Ins own at the point of the cutlass undei death s? head and Aijiffs its do\vivm«i -as"sttiiiV'^e'ioaiin-'moth' already exists hi this colony. The free rides and galivanting generally* of that prize idiot Mining Commission, were put a summary stop to last week, and those members who were hugging themselves with delight at the real good times they were having and going to Jiave at the expense of the taxpayers, found themselves brought up with a round turn. It wasn't the fall that hurt them, either, it was the been doubtlessly ordered in his turn to bring the whole rubbish heap of them to a standstill, and has been obliged to obey the order of the Cabinet boss!" Well, it's n blessing the whole of the tommy rot is Hearing its end. Probably the W.A. Mining Commission " will occupy the proud position of being the strongest " Compound Liebig's Concentrated Essence of dense Stupidity," that 1ms ever been put upon the market, it \\\;.s burn of igiionin e, raisal tin ignor.mtv, livo l "ii iguo:\\.ne and now dies of a surfeit;of free passes and daily allowances. It has to bring up a report-.* Its secretary is a clever journalist, and a good secretary, and he will no doubt, do something to cover the ignominy attaching to the seven basketful s of fools he was obliged to wetnurse, in the shape of a report. But if he or any other man in the colony, is able, to ji»et a ha'porth of useful knowledge which shall ultimately be embodied among the Statutes of the colony out of it, I'll consent to self immolation, by advertising for a residence alongside the Sanitary depot. Busselton is the name of a place. It is not situated on the road to Klondike, that is, you can get from Busselton to Klondike, if you choose to go that route. It's a bit roundabout, thats the one drawback. It is right on the edge of the nimbus of Bun bury, aud the extreme points of the rays of the latter throw a • partly reflected glory on Busselton. It gets some of the pickings, too. Whenever the Dictator sends a cheque for £10,000 to Bunbury, he-sends ditto for £1000 to Busselton. Not, mind you, that it has any right to the money, but you know how it is, when froti stonebroke you suddenly find yourself in affluence, you remember the old folks at home, and you send them a right good lump, and then you think of the married sister who lives some distance from the old folk, her husband isn t very flourishing, so you drop her a spare hundred. In this way Busselton rubs along. Her chief product is "old families." The Busseltons were an old family, and gave the place its name. It was first christened in a wild spirit of satire, because there was never by any chaufce, any "bustle" known there. Boer Locke who now sits in the lower Powwow Chamber, is an old family. He represents Busselton, and keeps an eye down to the capital, to see that the proportionate "thou "to dear old fiLy goes Les off on as wen. well. xi It wui will hardly be believed that in his speech on the food dut:es reduction amendment he said,, he hoped the duties would be retained, and that the goldfields members should ESS"iS^rt.:!, s ofinining. It is har% credible thathe should have spoken out in this way. But he did. - . . . . There was a soul inspiring leader "i the maiden lady's paper on " Proclamation " Day, It was intended as a commentary on the glorious figure .Western Australia has cu^ jamong.the other great nations, since seven years gone K by " "" she won, at the point of the—pen, her deliverance from the ie thraldom of the oppressor. We wild lciibw -how the— same old crowd—were prepared prepareato ^fehed snea the blood of ^ W j l i l ^ H Great Brltam W ^ ^ g M g j a into giving the co^ny i t s ^ p ^ -iUhc ^^jf^Flb wont oft-aita taiigent and gkelns read-' ers one hundred and ninety lines about the." Battle of Trafalgar." The subject was of course a fresh one, and the information quite new. He gave us an account of the number of ships of all classes arrayed against us, and, full particulars of the fleet Nelson commanded, then welded this novel information into comments on the engineer's strike now going on, made a flying reference to " Eight Hours' Day," then jumped back to Trafalgar again, didn't know about the matter for some days, was a—well we'll say a lapsus lingua 1 . Then he sprang on to Eight Hours' Day a second time, and so earned the guinea which the liberal-minded, generous-hearted old girl pays for the brains which enable her to build mansions and " postpone the lambing for a month." There was, however, one. error of omission and one of fact. He forgot to give his readers Nelson's full name, and, 1 consider, makes disrespectful reference to him all through as plain " Nelson."' Fancy leaving out the " Horatio Bcauchamp !" Again, lie says the hero's last words were " I have done my duty." Surely he must have known from the records in the " Victoria Library," where he no doubt crammed for his. leader on " Proclamation Day," that the dying Admiral's last words were ;— " tJp, Guards, aud at 'em." Of course, if he doesn't know this, i may be useful in after life for this fact to sink into his memory. What's that you say ? No ! Really ? The wrong man : - Of course, now you remind me it was so. My friend says, it was another hero who said this. I remember now though, Nelson's last words wei\,— " Now long enough I've lived "In honor's cause, my life has passed In honor's cause, I die at last "For England, home aud beauty, &c.; It's just the remark, too, that a man would make who had a gunshot wound through his- breast. Therefore, I trust, when the literary slab writes his leader next Proclamation imation Day. he will mix it up with the i engineers'strike (or whatever one is going on sit the time ; there's Hire to be one) and Eight Hours' Day properly, and not confuse his facts. I clip tins followin paper of last week ':— from a Perth " Abaut 300 members of the Perth, Fre- " mantle, Guildford, and Leederville 'corps' " of the Salvation " Army " attended a picnic at Point Walter yesterday. In the " evening the . Perth, * Leederville, and "Guildford "corps" amalgamated and a "musical meeting, conducted by "Major" i'Gover, was held in the marquee at the " corner of William and'Newcastle streets." , , . . . • • . * T II I don't know about the picnic, but 111 swear U> the rest of it The evening, I mean. I live some distance from their new barracks. The walls of this, in- »? M"W !"»»' of s^ne ^"^f v ,,tn i „ , . , - , , , deaden all sound, is, unfortunately for ™ , poor - „ devils, who have thiee , years' le a *f 8 of olu cott \ a S es on ' X canvas * ones. " nps And we hear 'em. Great Scott! - don't we hear 'em!!! I've had such a sickener of "Salvation" since they've come down our street, that I'll go to ^ >»mdred ! -There were three hundred ^nsmi of'em, judging by their rancons voices and the internal diothey made. I never should have grasped the meaning of the number of discords in V0Ca] aud instrumental music if I had not heard these howlers. Under canvas, ^ There's the horrible circumstance whicll toncij eB me so nearly. Under canvas l am prepared to sub-let my CQttage—at a much - • lesB rental than I pay._to any admirers of the "Army" 1 J * - - if they like to try it close. If only an earthquake, or even i ^ nd denosit them all in S r I t t s ^ ' C , . You s^ a„ "saved" and it .ouldn't o^i^iiw^d K by' the " Mining Commission," judging by the following cable which I copy verbatim et literatim, from theyounger brother's paper of the 22nd— "Charles G. Dicken has been appointed " Captain of H.M-S. Royal Arthur the liew "flagships" of the Australian Squadron, and " Richaivi P. Fitzgerald lias been appointed " captain." What I want to know is who the Dickens is Dicken and why is he appointed to more than " one" ship ? Is he one of the six families that this remarkable honor has been thrust upon him ? Or is it merely another glaring instance becoming so rich that he went home in "two ships," but I never believed the story. Perhaps Fitzgerald is going to help Dicken. But then again Fitzgerald has been appointed Captain. If this be so, what's Dicken going to do? Has Fitzgerald been appointed to the flagships aud is Dicken out of them. Why too are they all named " R_oyal Arthur." Its awfully confusing when several flagships receive the SJine name Your best girl never knows which one .-she wants her letters to go to. For the matter of that neither do your creditors " for which relief mu rt h thanks.' The whole matter is mysterious, it wants looking into aud I am glad the younger brother's paper drew attention to it. vance Bloosters out of their For not their od who es with se who >r those ers deseinto trains to gather wild flowers, or even venture on the horrid sin of picnics, away "for one day from the festering tilth of this Orie it. 1 ;;irhige ridden city. Of course t . ..aid visaged, ironhouud featured, professed pietists ni -t with any amount of—sympathy. Tne Government were in perfect accord with the di-ab brothers, sentiments: but what would you have? The wicked ones will have trains on Sunday. The doubly dammed mine owners who will nut stop a vast organisatjo|1 w| li( .], ],. lS t() ni0V(i clockwork from Saturday till Monday, even to oblige the Bloosters, and though the Government would like to bring in legislation on the subject—and here it prodigiously winked its "other eye," it was afraid this session was too short &c.; &e.;*&e.; You know the kind of stuff utilized on all such occasions, the Bloosters thanked the Government with piou 4 , venomous thanks a,nd bowed themselves and were bowed out. Poor Old Bloosters! they cannot understand that the religion of dogma intolerance is slipping away from ^ , ^ fchat the treud of modem ^ fa towardg a UDiverSal set of ^ ^ thftt ghall bri vith tUem the worship of a God who laughs aud smiles and makes his people laugh smile and does this good Qod make betVveen Sunday or any other day ? On the seventh day thou shalt rest! Which was the seventh day before Julius Cajsar altered the Calendar? And why shall not every mau and woman and grown child " rest" in any way he pleases. Yea iu Sunday flower trains if they choose and with brass bands too, playing waltzes and quadrilles if tbey like, with cricket and H ^ ^ / aud t, K , fttres iu the fevening S if f\they, d desin / sire . And if they all desire S church clmrcl/ let them g0 go there, and if they wish to spend every one of the present seventh days " listening to their pastors' "pleasant Sunday afternoon discoveries," barkening to their denunciations of everything that tends in any way to make life enjoyable, let them do so. Is jt because the fields are filling, and churches emptyiug, and that tUeir p a rticular business is not as profitable as it used to be in the » 6good ."c old dark, • interfering ^ srs? The fr.iWei S M l i S l " J s ' S ^ the loss. Let them get the people into the churches all day Sunday if they can do so legitimately, by their orations, by their denunciations, by their gloominess, by any ahd every means short of going to Government/ and asking it to coerce people into them, for this is in effect what they really desire. How is it that the Roman priesthood never mix themselves up with these attempts to make nations moral and pious by Acts of Parliament ? They are too astute to make fools of themselves. Is ltoman Catholicism going to be the religion of the future as it lias been of the past ? It is undeniable that its influence is increasing all the world over, because it is made as pleasant as possible to its worshippers aud followers. If it becomes once more the dominant religion, who will it have to thank more ardently than these Bloosters, who are always interfering with peoples liberty, for ever trying to make their sheep as miserable as the shepherds, and always playing into the hnnds of the Church of Rome. 'The native born genius from Geraldton, who ran W.A. during the absence of its tutelary divinity, and succeeded in saving it frojn the seismic disturbances which so broke up New Zealand s lake system a few years ago, has been enunciating at that centre of the universe, York, a very pretty doctrine, so thoroughly characteristic of the W.A. Boers as to illustrate fully their whole creed of comuierci;il and social honor. It was at the show lu-ld to cxliiU.t the ten bushels of wheat annually grown, and the one horse, or cow and calf born in that rollicking district. York is very proud of itself aud looks do.vn oil foreigners. It alwaj's has, and always will return a member of a local family to Parliament. Even the Archangel Michael wouldn't have the ghost of a political chance against t:ie local man. it is aoubly proud of itself Ikvanse it has a flour mill which is always elosed, aud it complacently preens its feathers because the Railway Department :nakcs its Southern trains stop there without rhyme or reason (for there is neither liar nor tea room at the station) longer than at a..v other platform except Ivatunning, which is represented by one Boer Miuister, and Beverley, which has for its Pow-wow man, a greater personage even than a Boer Minister, and that is the partner of ' the maiden lady who rtius all the Ministers and the two Houses as well, though you mightn't thiirk it to look at them. But bless me : you can never judge by looks. As a matter of fact, however, she and her eminent coadjutor, Miss " Flora Shaw" are the two most powerful feminine literary forces in politics. But this is another 4< story." Well, the Geraldton native born genius was giving his hearers a dissertation, during his speech on the food duties question, ou the value of a political promise, and what the devir do you think lie had the Boer impudence to advocate 1 Why, that *'members" should not turn out the Government, of which he is a member, "/or the Bake of one promise." He views the matter from an impartial standpoint doesn't he ? But if lie reflects the personal honor of the rest of the Cabinet, they must be a nice little crowd, eh ? This particular Miuister, who sways the destines of the Department of Mines, and who is a local director of a uewly floated Gold Ores Smelting Company, gravely asks men pledged to their constituencies to support a measure for the reduction of the food imports, to break that pledge, in order that he and his crowd may be enabled to keep their billets aud the snug emoluments attached to them ! ! ! Pledges mean nothing to the mind of the Geraldton genius. Well, we know the moral code of the W.A. Boer is contained in one short phrase " Always have it in writing, you know " but I have not seen it so brazenly illustrated before. There was ' a ' ifire at Kalgoorlie last Week* bnt ttoi people hv the streets 1 got water, threw it On the fire, deluged the placfcVuudj 'got the biazS aha^'lfr 'Bdes ;.iiot ttiiii. ;et*»%d 'cttAtie arid r.&tiwl; -toft .'-ij^y.vSt tftfr grandiose helmets into tire buckets, furnish a new regiment of Boer infantry with the uniforms, stud the new fire engine into that waterless desert where the dauntless explorer " Wells " lost his life, so that it cannot do any more mischief, or give Messrs. »Shand ;md Mason a sum of money to take it birk to the Mother .Country, wheiv its mysteries are uuderstaiided of the penplr. and public anxiety as to the compilative safety of our goods and chattels, and o;ir scrip, .ill be ,„ a g«t „K.„ SU r, Of course the buckets must not in* put in some place, safeguarded in sm-l a way, that the Town Clerk will hn\v to convene a meeting of the Finance Committee, before an or.ier can be giwn to the Brigade Superintendent to get them, nor must the last named official be out on a crabbing expedition when au niarui is raised, nor must t:ie intelligent officer at the alarm tower rimj up the Receiver in Bankruptcy instead of the turncock when wat<T is required to diverted to a given spot, The backets must be handy, the water must be there or thereabouts, and the people in t!i<\- street will do the rest. It was only last Friday or Saturday that the alarm bell rang out. With really commendable . promptitude, considering this is Wait-Awhile. The " Wild White Spindrift" was rushed out of its louse box into 13arrack-street. But h< re tile trouble' began. As soon as the. first three clangs of the bell were heard, the noble self-sacrificing cabbies on the rank were on their boxes, their novels and newspapers were fluiig aside, their discussions on the political position ended, and Lo ! thev had disappeared round the coiners. Tuers. Of Ul course they weren't jroing to l.HVe the inside nulled to jm tne in.me puueu theiir l ' Catll.*, t ! > " Ill l a assisting * s ' ,st }"8 tl the "' ^ W.W.S. to get itselt t, the burning building. So there were the brigade waiting helplessly for a cab horse to come along which didn't come along. I waited six minutes, the alarm turned out to be a false one, but there stood the W.W.S. when I left. It's always something. Either there is no wat. r, or the portable reservoir is too far from its work, or there are no horses, but certainly there is no use in looking to the present organisation ,(or want of it) for any help in case of fire. I am told the Champion Worst City Council are going to build a stable to hold some horses which will be available for the conveyance of the W.W.S. to fires. But, good Lord! when will the stable be built ? and won't the man in charge be laid, up with typhoid fever when wanted ? I expect to see the stable finished on the same day that Littleworth puts up those gas lamps in Beaufort and William streets. There will be no trouble about " taking off food duties" bv that time "j fiuio. I was startled last Sunday morning oy,seeing cwo rour-norse orags aim several buggies loaded with people galloping p^t my door. In one drag there was brass band blarinff out there was a brajss nana waring out poplar music There were dreamers on the sides of the drags. Had these conveyed warnings such as "Prepare J® , ^ f. tb d y f °° m ; ™ had invitations to "Come and be saved ' been printed on them, there would have been nothing to take exception to. Indeed, all would have been justified in the eye, or rather eyes, of. the church or churches (many of them), but when I saw on the streamers "Read the SUN- DAY CHRONICE and CLARE'S WEEKLY " I was simply scandalized. It appears the staff of those papers had been invited down to a place called Cottesloe, where the inhabitants had wickedly allowed Aitken's Brewery to be erected without protest, and the poor crea- " twos in the drags, etc., who knew no Setter, were actually (Oh, my dear brethren 1) going down to this brewery to sample the beer and have luncheon, And what is-still worse, they did it. T«a, they templed It ewly J i + m . a^^Ur «h tnmitM^ i frm flotuifcrfok&n; wWh ipMsj. i«4 IShft.boJtptti bolted, m nDt break my of their, most derful of all, the beer was good and did not turn to sackcloth and ashes in the mouth. In fact, it was quite the reverse. And when in the dusk of a beautiful afternoon those lost souls prepared to return, a slight shower fell and laid the dust, just as though the " God " of the world, who is not the God of the filoosters of the Churches, smiled down upon his creatures. Indeed, beyond a slight difference of opinion among the band to the restive merit, of the 8-» music from "Lohengrin and a descriptive lament about a gentleman named McGinty (the rival disputants playing each selection at the same moment), nothing occurred to mar the pleasure of a jolly day " wid lashins of " But there, I need not parti cularise. Anyone might have coneluded it was Monday or Wednesday instead of Sunday, so light-hearted was everyone. There is no doubt they will pay for it when their disembodied spirits are launched into the 1'iviijkeit, but they did not appear to think of this, and there wasn't an itinerating Blooster to drop on them and tell them so. I passed the William- street railway crossing at 10 o'clock /lie same morning (Sunday), and there was a small gang of railway men at work. Part of the crossing was up, and the men were flaunting their hellish work full in the faces of the pedestrians streaming across the main thoroughfare. I do not think this outrage to the feelings of the Sabbath Observance people need have been committed. There was the Revd. Poser's church straight ahead, and the dancing-room—occupied on , , T" . feund a y s the converted Jew who retaii s rei ( stockings at the price ply^rc^^S^raightbe: f ctraJcrht hfl- ^ ^ think w<mld haye been t much , moie soothing ™»ni-hii»cr to tn tne rhf urana brand-new new religious feelings of the converted Jew to have had a smash up of say a Fremantle Flower Excursion train rather than this desecration of the Lord's Day should have been committed. The railway authorities ought to have risked a smash up, particularly if none of their own families were passengers, than thus fly in the face of holy observances. I recommend another deputation of Bloosters to the P.C. Do I not know my W.A. B n'i\s well ? Uii ! ye, my readers ! Did not I tell you weeks ai>;<» that the biy ('.states held by the Boer families untouched as God made them, would be purchased by the family Government from the families? The announcement was made at the York Agricultural Sluxv! (Heaven save the mark) by the Minister for Lands that the " Mount Hardey Estate . " had . been bought. 1 have no doubt tne purchase was made some time since, onlv it does not do to spring too many i o •" surnnses surprises UDOII upon us Omtlanders Ouitlandeio who ..... find the money tor these family transactions, lest our endurance be strained to break- • • lt ' and we rise in onr numbers n o i .' , . , ,, an d + ?! tch Government families and »U mto these a 1 1,aVe a,S ' ( .\ n ° d ° llbt ' the tu f f u family estates are U icfl], accomplished (with our P l n l ot y0\ as wen, ^ ^ estatesi iad bew ac _ q««red by the Government, with the H (Glanders, they would be • / bflck to the W . A . Boers ? Here tha mallilt is the excerpt trom the maiden ludy s paper which shows how the disposul of these estates is to be made :— "There is a strong desire that the "Government, in subdividing and throwing "open the.Hardey estate, will be watchful "to insist that the blocks, for which there "will be an eager demand, shall onlv be " allotted to bona fide resident yeomen.. It is the warning note this, and is again thrown out to acclimatiae us Ouitlanders by degrees to the fact that though we pay, we are not to have any morsel of the spoil. Resident Yeomen J Who the devil lives at York, or who would live there, except the Yorkites ? and who is likely to hrfve the land back itgain except these Boerp ? I feel s£re g e ^ d ^ n f prti HmvW estate is alreadv made m the it Js itq^ iMuffiyMW tion »nd the ' croud the towns, will let this latest piece of political corruption pass unheeded, as they have all the other r^s calities. 