THE NOVELIST. THE PRINCESS OF ONAWE. A TALE OF OLD NEW ZEA\LAND. BY JESSIE MACKAY. OHAPTER IV. '" ;HOST OF ';OD TO (;dOST OF MAN ! In the late afternoon of that same day, the whaling station was con cluding its daily labors, and gathering for the ensuing meal. Hori Mar was following the men when he heard a low call from the edge of the bush. Turning back, he found it was Man gahara. "C Ome nearer," said the hunchback, keeping cautiously among the trees. " Arc you a friend to the white " 1 am." " Then listen and save him. To night Tuhawaiki comes at midnight to burn the station and kill the Kapene and the bright maiden, his daughter.' Hori's brain whirled. " What treachery is this ?" he asked fiercely. "Alas ! who knows ?" answered Mlangahara, sadly. " Korora, the chief's daughter, died this noon--died of sorcery, as she said. She called on tribe to avenge her on the white r)qpene and the girl." Hori stood netrified. He had not scrupled to use the dying girl's hand in his schemes ; and now out of her grave that hand was stretched to wreck them. But were they wrecked ? This catas trophe cut the Gordian knot of many difficulties. Might it not be that the ghostly hands of Korora had flung the living, loving form of Fairy Galbraith into his arms ? "Awake, O Hori Mar. whom the gods made straight !" said the dwarf harshly. " Is your mind crooked ? Is it feeble ?" The boy's lightning carseer of thought turned il:to the channel of necessity. He had lived a man's life of action: the crisis found him cool. " The ship is ready : she was to sail in the morning. The captain is here the men are at hand." Then he flashed a piercing look at the Maori. " Is this indeed truth, Mangahara, or a trap for us ?" The hunchback met his eyes without flinching. " O youth, he who doubts his battle axe falls in the fight. I have risked my life for the Pakeha this day : is not that enough ?" ' You have dared the anger of Tuhawaiki for us then ! Do you not believe in nmakutu ?" Even for the privileged hunchback he guessed the penalties of crossing the will of the Ngai Tahus' overlord. A cunning look came over the dwarf's face. " IGrhore ! who said I disbelieved ? If the Kapene is a sor cerer, indeed, he needs not the warning, for he knows already. If the chief's daughter spoke in her death delirium, and he is a true man, he should not die." Then he added simply, " Wrong have I never found with the Kapene. And the maid-she is brave and beautiful as Hinemoa of the lake." "She is to be my wife," said Hori, slowly and, emphatically. " For her sake and the K1apene's I thank you a thousand times." The dwarf answered gravely, "Is she to be your wife indeed ? Away then, away." Hori was already dashing through the garden, and into the house where the inmates were gathering for dinner. 'The news burst among them like a shell. The women stood up pale but tearless: the captain was a figure of despair. " Fly, yes; but where ?" "T,, Otakou !" cried both the Mars together. "I am a chief in Otakou, said George Mar, the Pakeha-Maori. " In my haput you will be welcome for ever and a day. We'll start business afresh. Never say die, captain." And Hori was whispering to Fairy. " Don't look so white. Many a Maori should look his last on the sun before we let you come to harm." Fairy gave him her hand with a sa I smile, thinking that Heaveil, who had taken away the dreams of a lover, had given her a true brother. But there was no time for talking. Each flew to collect what could be most quickly taken on board. The Mars toolk com mand almost entirely. Hori's memory and activity were phenomenal; he seemed ubiquitous. " I don't understand--I can't under stand," said the Captain weakly. " Why should I bewitch the girl ?" Hori was carrying a heavy load of household stuff ; but he turned and re plied in a sharp undertone- " Can't you see, Captain ? It's a blind. The girl was dying for weeks, and not a word of malkutu till to-day. Tuhawaikis is as deep as the devil. What do you think Lemaire's son was doing in Wangaloa these months past ? Why did he come again and again in in secret ! Can't you see ?" A great oath burst from the captain. "I do see. And I was going to open my doors to him !" Hori, who well knew his man and his hour, felt his load a feather as he strode to the beach. By starlight the fugitives set out with a fair wind for Otakou. With a faint stony wonder Fairy watched the colossal shadows of her lost kingdom. In closing a life period it is human nature to revert to the beginning of it ! and she was conning over in a mechanical way, the day of her first ascent of Onawe. " I said things did not happen now. They do ; but they happen wrong. A maiden forsaken-a princess disowned -and not seventeen. The Wini-God has conquered." Life began to stir. She set her little mouth firmly against the militant Unseen. For all her life after, an under-current of belief in the Maori legend remained in her. Then she fell to blaming herself for the paralysis of feeling that had seized her since the interview with Korora, so that this wreck of fortune which had shaken her mother, and shattered her father left her almost unmoved. But the strange and bitter tonic was working in her. For as she saw the sorrowful figures of her parents over against her the dead ness of her spirit broke up in a brief, humanising gust of self-less tears, and she was the old Fairy Galbraith again. " God is greater than the demon of Onawe, and we are still in the hollow of His hand," she said. Her cheeks were wet in the darkness, but her voice was cheerful as she crossed over. " Let us bear it grandly. The lives of people don't make new stories now ; we only act over the old. Don't you see it is ' The Tempest' we are acting now ? The rebellious Duchy the magician Prospero - the island, that's Otakou--and Miranda, that's me. You weren't in the first story, you know, mother ; but you are alive and much in evidence in this. 0, yes, it is only a play ; and if we act well and wisely we shall get our £Duony back, and all shall end well." But she was stabbed with the memory that the Ferdinand of this Miranda had come already and gone for ever. Shortly after midnight a glare in the nor th showed the fate of the deserted whaling station. Then came the desolate landing at Otakou in a cold day of autumn. They did not come to total barbarism, however: some whalers and their families were settled there : and rude but civilised hospitality was pressed upon the fugitives. George Mar had in no way understated his influence in Otakou, and he made his old partner s interests identical with his own. After a month or two of planning and ar ranging they laid the foundation of a new business: and it seemed as if Captain Galbraith stood a fair chance of retrieving his fortanes. But his mind, though it regained much of its business power, never regained its native elasticity ; that was buried with his lost Wangalon. Without a word of repining the women took up the thread of their lives again. Fairy still loved the sun with an Oriental love;. and stole many an hour to wander under the great wooded bluffs of Ota kou, but her elf-days were over. She did not grudge her hand to the lowliest women's work: she compassed every gentle, womanly art possible within the primitive settlement. She had laid away her pretty old title with the soul's lavender in her heart of hearts. None called her the Princess of Onawe now. Two years after their landing she heard from Hori of Edward L?ninire's marriage, the news of which had been carried by a passing whaler, He told it guardedly, with downcast eyes and no allusion to show he had ever known of that episode in her life. A cold spasm seemed to contract Fairy's heart, but she felt no surprise, only an aching, child-like wonder if she, the wife, would care that his facile love had once been given to a savage-once I perhaps many times. Her life slowly grew over the wound, ar a healthy tree has been known to embed and grow over a tomahawk stuck into it. In past ages womenbrooded; in this they also analyse. But Fairy did neither. A sweet, irrational child-element remained in her life always. She did not think herself unhappy ; the daily tasks seldom found her discoaraged or listless. In her innermost heart there was a shrine, a bower with dewy ferns, and the bird songs of an undying summer ; and in the bower, was a bright-haired Viking, whose face had the beauty of strength, and whose word was as firm as the hills-an Edward Lemaire who had died the day le had left her in Wan galoa. Somewhere in the world she knew there was a forsworn and errant Edward Lemaire wandering the seas with a coarsening face-but he had nothing to do with the shrine. But all- this was hidden. Her little world made clamorous demands on her. She was not only the light of her own home; all the children in the place adored her; teaching became a con siderable part of her existence. Every unmarried man in the settlement was her bond slave. Not many of these sons of the wildernesss got so far as a direct proposal. After a few trying ordeals, Fairy learned the cunning of necessity and parried many an uncouth declaration. When she was twenty Hori Mar plainly asked her to marry him, She had been troubled for some time with misgivings as to his fraternal feelings. He read in her face a repulsion amounting almost to horror. "Is it the cursed black blood you object to ?" he demanded with a lower ing face. " No," said Fairy tru'hfully. She had none of the strong race prejudice latent in her mother. "I would cut out the Maori half of me if I could," he said, savagely. " And I should like you none the better," she retorted with spirit. " You should not hate your mother's people, Hori. Who made one white and another brown? I have found the brown people brave and kind, and I like them." "Am I too ugly to look at f" His voice was melodiously penetra trative in its soft Italian vocality. Fairy looked up at the magnificent creature in front of her, and answered candidly without the ghost of a blush " You are the most beautiful man I ever saw--except my father when he was young." Edward had always shown something of the Sea King's outer ruggedness ; for chiselled perfection he could not be com pared with this dark Memnon statue. " Then what is it; am I lazy or a fool ?" " You are as far as the poles from being either," she replied. She knew perfectly well that the younger Mar was the guiding star of the firm at this time. "It's only this, Hori. Don't you remember the ' bracelet bound brother' in L.E.L.'s Indian poem? You are that to me. We grew up together; I'm just your little white sister. I like you; but it would be terrible, prepos terous for us to marry." " A girl's reason," he said, "because I have helped you, worked for you, lived for you, you will never marry me. You might have cared for me if the wind had blown me here yesterday, and you were not sure whether I was a convict from Van Dieman's Land." "Any woman might have cared for you0; any woman not your sister." "I will wait for a better answer," he said boldly. "Don't, don't. Take it now ; it will never be better," said Fairy anxiously. Then there fell a constrained qmet on these two for a long time. One year stole after another; the Captain still fretted over his lost Wangaloa; his wife's eyes still followed him with a strong, patient faithfulness in their gray depth ; Fairy's beauty grew richer in the salt breezes of Otakou. Then a sad thing happened. George Mar fell sud denly and fatally ill. He was not delirious ; but he was haunted by one desire which he harped upon till he died. This was that his son should return at once to the family home in Britain. Hour after hour he rang the changes on this theme. " Hori, boy, go home to England ; go back before the blood wakes in you. It's strong, strong, it will drag you down yet if you stay. They'll be proud of you; there never was a Mar yet who could give you points, though I say it myself. Marry Fairy, and take her with you; she'll keep you straight - straighter than ever your father went. Sell out and go home to the old folk." • It would spoil the business. Hurry's not speed," said the young man. The Pakeha Maori raised himself on his elbow. " You're wrong, Hori boy. Are we getting what we did out of it ? No, and we never shall again. The seals are gone, and the whales are going. Old New Zealand's done--good and bad; it's done now ; and the new is neither for you nor me, lad. Go home while your a man -and such a man!' For it's coming, I tell you--the day when the boot will burn your foot, and the coat will blister your back, and the sun will steal the brains from your head. I went the way of the Maori once, and came back ; but if you ever walk in it you'll die in it." Hori's magnificent eyes widened; once before dying lips had told him some thing like this. He had never been an undutiful son; and he hastened to soothe his father with promises of obedience. So George Mar was laid to rest in the place of his wife's hapu, under the bluffs of Otakou--the wild and lovely coast where soon the Scottish emigrants were to found their Andipodean Dunedin. The alert and friendly sailor left a sad blank in the life of the Galbraiths. Business anxieties began to gather weight, it was but too true what George Mar said -the whaler's day was over in New Zealand. The great creatures whose migratory routes had lain so regularly along the coasts had failed, or taken to other ocean highways; and the intakings no longer paid expenses. So in the following months Hori and the Captain began to consider the winding up of their affairs in Otakou. Enough could still be realised to start them com fortably in a new line of life; but a fatality of inertia seemed to hang over their plans. Hori asked the Captain to accompany him to Britain, but half heartedly; it was plain that, like old trees, they clung to the soil. Even before his father's death Fairy had noticed a change in Hori; he seemed disinclined for any continuous exertion, either of body or mind. Fits of lazy brooding came over him ; he would sit in the sun and smoke for hours, while the men of the settlement were at work. Fairy took him gently to task six months after his father died " Hori, you're getting like my cat, Wamba. If you bask with half shut eyes much longer, I shall expect to hear you purr. Come and see them cut down the big pine ; I like to see it crash." Hori stretched himself and followed her. They were passing the Maori kainga, and he looked with a curious wistfulness at the barbaric peace of the sunny mnarae. "What webs we keep spinning, we white people !" he said, suddenly, "building, writing, thinking- all spider webs -all in the air. What's this to morrow we are building and spinning for? It never comes; it's in the air, and of the air, and air is nothing. To-day, and the sun, and a pipe -that's all a man needs from now to the grave." Fairy was much surprised and little pleased with this philosophy. " When are you going home, Hori ?" she asked to change the conversation. He did not reply for a few seconds; he was watching the landward flying gulls. A light of the old adventurous daring flashed into his face. "Now, Fairy -at once, if you will marry me and come away." "0 Hori; I thought you had for gotten that fancy long ago," she said in dismay. "It's no fancy, Fairy. It's my salvation for this world and the next- if there is a next. I will spin webs all my life like any other white man. I will make you rich -make you happy, I swear it. Only take me and save me !" The old common cry of the sons of Adam fell on her woman's senses with out a thrill. A shamed compassion was swelling in her breast ; for the first time in her life she felt the barrier of race between herself and Hori. " Forget it, Hori. You know the Bible says we must work out our own salvation. And I can never leave my father and mother." A trance of apathy was descending on the half-caste. He answered sullenly "Then remember that your's is the fault. I would have stayed-what I was--for you sake, and you would not let me. Yours is the fault." She scarcely yet grasped the import of his words, but the sad current of her thoughts was soon diverted. For that day the settlement had visitors of a new and rare sort. It was two young Maoris in a canoe. All the population turned out to see the landing ; for their fame had gone before them. "The son of Te Rauparaha ! Wonder ful, wonderful !' cried the people. The slender but stately young man who first stepped ashore was indeed Tamihana, Te Rauparaha's son, the thicker set and shorter man who fol lowed being his cousin, Matene te Whiwhi. It is matter of history how these noble scions of the Ngatitoa, having received baptism from the Rev. Octavius Hadfield, afterwards Bishop and Primate, went on a mission through the South Island among their ancient enemies, and spent years of danger and toil till every kainga of the Ngai Tahu had heard of the Lord they served. Many exclamations burst from the crowd. One scowling chieftainess mut tered "An oven, an oven for the son of Te Rauparaha ! Shall the Ngai Tahu suffer this ? His father slew my son at Onawe." And a fierce young brave waved his taiaka, crying - " Awake, O Ngai Tahu ! Remember Taiaroa's men who died at Kaiapohia ! Remember Te Rauparaha i" An old veteran sitting at his whare door looked at them with a faint kindling in his dull eyes, and murmured " Can a tui come out of a hawk's egg ? Yet Te Rauparaha was a great man, and his son is braver than he." Never, indeed, had Te Rauparaha at the head of the hosts of Kapiti faced a conquered pah more proudly than Tamihana now faced Otakou. " Greetings, O friends !" he began in a rich melodious voice. "I am Tami hana the son of Te Rauparaha. I am the man of Hehu Karaiti who was slain in the kainga of Jerusalem and lives again in the Vast Heaven. Our' lives are in you hands ; but listen first to our words. Great is my love to the Ngai Tahu." Then Matene te Whiwhi took up the word. " Peace to you, O sons of our father's foes ! In the vast heaven Heku Karaiti waits for the Ngai Taiu. The Ngatiroa and the Ngai Tahu are brothers. Listen to-day and smite us to-morrow, if such is your will. We are unarmed in your kainga, as birds in a snare." Mere and taiaha fell gently from irresolute hands. That night tile Ngai Tahu listened in the Council House to the new Karaklcia, and Fairy saw with a gentle wonder how the the gay laughter loving people she had tried to teach, quickened and fired under the magnetic words of tihe son of Te Rauparaha.; Years lcefore she had won the vivacious tender Maori heart with a look and a smile; but she had never penetrated to the mysterious Maori soul. She felt that she stood face to face with a day risen out of the grave of time-a day of Paul and Barnabas. No mosses of cold convention eighteen centuries old ob scured she beauty of truth to those primeval eyes. But when she drew aside in her humility they seemed to divine her thought. The Christian ArikiE stood before her ; she felt the spell of the proud ancient noblesse, purified and disciplined by the living faith within them. As in a dream she heard them call her in their own tongue "The great lady who loved the Maori," "the good teacher who cleared the way," " the noble chieftainess who served Hehn Karaiti." And calling- to mind suddenly how, as as a child, she had said that she would stand on the headland of Onawe and shoot Te Rauparaha, the beauty and the strangeness of the Lord's ways came home to Fairy's heart. She could not speak a word but held out a hand to each ; the tears welled into her eyes, and she could have knelt for their blessing. It was much spoken of, how the young chiefs had completely overthrown heathenism among the natives of Wan galoa and Kmiapohia. "They're all Christian now, are they ?" cried the Captain with kindling eyes. "Then, by Jupiter, they ought to stand to their bond like men, and we'll have our own again ! Hey, Joanna, are you. ready to go north !" " To the North Pole, if it please you, my dear old Captain." said his wife smiling kindly and quietly. " Where's Hori I I am on pins till we sail," said the Captain, briskly setting out for the beach. But he rubbed his eyes twice when he got as far as the katnga. For there, at a whare door, was the man he sought-stained, un kempt, and clad in a blanket. He was possessed body and soul by the squalidest form of the lotus-eater's mad ness. Hori Mar had gone back to his mother's tribe. Neither the Captain's adjurations nor Fairy's entreaties had any effect upon him. His answers were: rough and brief, and he showed no indication of remem bering the past save on one occasion. It was the day before the Galbraiths sailed. Fairy had left her preparations for the voyage to make a last appeal to her adopted brother's higher nature. " I remain at Otakou," he reiterated sullenly. "It is my mother's kainga. I am tired of being a pakeha." Fairy stood and looked at him with shamed pity in. her dark eyes, Something in the tiny, pathetic face struck a living chord of memory. " Ali," he said, with, a savage gleam of his white teeth, "it is finished, the fight with Lemaire's son. I parted you; yes, it is finished. But I wish I had killed him, too !" Not another word would he say, and Fairy was forced to leave him with an agonising doubt beginning to wake in her mind. Many a year after that there might have been seen at Otakou the slouching, coarsened wreck of a once magnificent man. He had taken to himself a Maori wife. When he was hungry, he fished; when he was not too lazy he snared birds ; when white traders came with flour and rum' he chaffered and cheated according. to the custom of the lower pakeha Maoris. But to all intents, human and divine, the life of Hori Mar ended the day that Tamihana landed. He was the one man in the kainga who was absolutely unmoved by the preach ing of the Ngatitoa chiefs ; he lived and died in blank materialism. Truly had Korora spoken in her death trance "The ghosts of the gods are calling * * * * ghost of God to ghost of man ane, aue !" (To be continued.) There was a pleasant function on Friday afternoon at St Mary's Convent School, when the pupils presented an address and made a presentation to the Rev Father Deasy, the occasion being his recovery from his recent illness. The children having pleasingly rendered a welcome song, went through calisthenic drill, accompanied by music. Master Bob Thompson delivered an appropriate address to Father Deasy on behalf of the children, expressing gratifica tion at his presence amongst them again. Father Deasy suitably returned thanks, re minding the children that they would be the future men and women of Australia. and that they should always do what was right and strive to be a credit to their native land. He was glad to hear that the attendance at the school, which was established only six months, had grown to about eighty children. The excellence of the training and teaching of the pupils was manifested in countless ways, and the school was a credit to the sisters. A piece, "The Angel and the Child," was then creditably gone through by two of the children, Miss Ruby Phelps taking the part of the Angel and Mises Lizzie Horen representing the Child. Miss Lily MacMillah gave a recitation with good effect. This young lady presented Father Deasy with a cap and pair of shoes hand somely anished with crewel work by the children. Miss Violet May Jones then gave a recitation that was much appreciated. Several other songs and recitations were in cluded in the programme. 