Astounding1 Locomotor Ataxia Cure. DOCTORS PRONOUNCED CASE HOPELES& HELD TO BE SO BY MEDICAL MEN THE WOULD OVER. A PROMINENT SYDNEY M.L.A. BEARS - TESTIMONY. . (From tho " Australian Workman.") ' - Our roprosontntivo mado his way to tlio homo of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown- lano, Ultimo. Mr. 'Jarvis is 0110 of the best Icuowii residents. of that thickly iiopiilatud suburb. Ho was discovered nursing a baby, nnd his fneo declared liini . to bo 0110 01 tlio liappiost men in Sydney. I11 reply to tlio preliminary questions ho said You want to know nil about my ease 7 'Well, £ am glad of 1111 opportunity to tell you. Tho facta may bo of vuluu to thoso who are Btriokon as I was." " How long woro you Buffering 7" ' About liva-and-lialf years ago I mot with an accident ; I was badly scalded wliilo taking a bnth in Pitt- Btroot, Sydney. From tlio dato ofthouc aidant my health began to fail, and after four years of gradual duvolopiiiont of Locomotor Ataxia I was forced to givo up my billot ub tlio Glebo Island 7" " What worn the symptoms 2" . , ' " Simply indescribable. Tho pains woro somo thing lorribla. They ivora for nil tlio world, liko as if a saw woro cutting my bones in two in ovcry part of me. I had not control over my liowols or bhuulor, and was a nuisance to mysuli and-'ovary quo also, 1 was incessantly shivering nuil shak ing, and could lioitlior eat nor nleop. I saw a wall-known doctor, uiul iio told mo that my case was utterly hopeless. "loams homo and wont to bod, and liavo boon hi bod pretty well ever sinco. A few weeks ago I could not walk across tliu iloor'; in fact, I could not got out of bud, 1 felt thou thnt it was all over with 1110, and only a quostioiinf ilayslwhoilT would givo up the ghost. My doctor was attend ing inu, and did all lie could, by opium and mur- plua pills, to.aaso tlio agony 1 was in. I was inular liiin for five or six weoks. Ho came to tho uuiiuluslou that 1 was sulTuriiig from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressiva Locomotor Ataxy, a disoaso of tho spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, uiid diiiioulty u co-ordinating voluntary movements. Ho told mo that I might last . fur ton years, and that I might naver get tlio uso of my legs." (Just then the patient kiuliud his legs about with onorgy. to show liiut medical opinion is not infallible.) " Woll, juntas a drowning man will grasp at is straw I grasped at 1111 idea convoyed by tho ad-' vertisuiiient describing the cure effected in tlio ca»« of another hoiloriniikur in England, which I road in tlio " Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink l'llls for l'ulu People. 1 read in tho ail- vortisuinuiit'of a easo whioli seemed to lit my own. I dotoriiiinod to givo Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a trial, anyway, and sunt for a box. Tlio afloat' .was magical. 1 was ublo to oat ' ana sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was tlio first appetite ami rest I had for many a day. It was incredible.' 1 Immediately left the bed and was alilu t i move about. Whotk taking tlio iinli box, I wus able to walk about with the aid of a stick, and wus gradually but surely recovering my former vigour and vitality. Yon see tiiosu crutches there 7 Tlicyaro perfectly now, and 1 have never used thorn. Tlioy wcro made for mu before I got tlio Pills, hut I was too weak to use tliuin, and now I don't want them." Mrs. Jarvis, who had uoniu in and takon tho baby 011 her knees, said Dr. Williams' Pink Pills saved his life and mndo another muii of him. ' A friend who ' called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ton years youugor that day than ho did a short time back. > "lean now," continued Jarvis, "liavo a cold bath, ami all tho feeling bos como back in my logs. I oxpcot sliortly to resuino work as a hoilorinaker, und you know I liavo to lie in tlio very pink of health aud strength to work at that trade. Iam hotter to-dny than I have been at any timo during tlio past fivo years. I useribo all tlio oliango ana buuefit to tliCBe Pink Pills. Tliuy have saved my life. I ain in 110 pain now wiiatover, and feel like a new mini, On tlio uiuiilelpioco there is a box of Opium and Morphiu Pills which the doctor guvo mo to dciidcii tiie excrucia ting pain. But tliuy can stay where tliey are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knowB mo lias been amazed at tlio chango in mo. They eiin hardly believe tiioir oyas. My being about agaiu bus caused quito a sensation out here." WHAT MR. LABOUR LEADER M'GOWEN KNOWS. Mr. J. S. Ti M'Gowcn, M.P., leador of tho labour party iu tlio N.S.W. Assembly, was also scou in commotion with tlio remarkable easo of Mr. 'Thomas Jurvis. He says I10 hati known Jarvis from infancy. Ho also knew that he had to givo up liis work at Globe Island abattoirs owing to a malady wliioli lie duvoloped. Ho after wards heard that Jarvis wus bedriddeu, und that there wus little cliancu of his recovery. Ho un derstood Jarvis was refused admission to tlio Syduoy Hospital, iib his euso hud beeu pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowcn' was, tiioraforo, liko overyone else who knew tlio facts, astounuod at the complete recovery of Jurvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo Pcoplo do not stop short at tho euro of locomotor ataxia ; tlioy positively euro rheumatism, sci atica, lumbago, and neuralgia, and influenza's evil after effects, and aro a specific for all diseases of women, sneli as anteinia, poor and watery blood, female irregularities, nervous lieudaolie, ana hysteria, Tliey aro not a purgutivo medicino, but brace up und permanently strengthen tlio whole system. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills aro obtainable from all leading chemists, or from tho Dr. Wil liams' Medicine Company, Queon's-placo, Sydney, who will forward (post paid), on receipt of stamps or post order, 1 box for 2s. 9d. or half-dozoa for for 15s. 3d. 