NEWS OF THE WEEK. Before us we hare a copy of the Brighton Guardian , as the early issues of this journal were called. It is dated August 4th, i86o, and was published by Mr John Stott, at 4d per copy. Amongst other now interesting items is a report of the prices then obtained at the Melbourne markets. These show : that the present prices, notably for mAOf qnd /loin? n-Viiy-U I holders now murmur at being so high, are low compared with those then ruling. The following is the report : — : Retail markets — Butcher's meat : Beef; 4d to 7d lb. mutton, 5d to 6d ; veal, 9-i Jto- iod ; pork, rod to ud. Poultry ^Turkeys, us to 13s each; geese,: 15s to 1 8s pair ; ducks, 9s pair 3 fowls, ys to 9s pair ; rabbits, 5s to 75 brace. Butter (fresh), zs gd to ? 3s ib. ; £ggs, 3s 6d to 3s 9d dozen ; milk, iod to is quart ; bread (4 lb loaf), 1 id. Whole- ; sale markets — Vegetables : Beet, is to is 6d dozen; bouquets, 6s to 9s dozen ; cabbages, 3s to 10s dozen ; carrots, is to is 6d dozen bunches ; cauliflowers, 4s to 8s dozen ; water-cress, is dozen bunches ; leek, is to is 6d dozen ; 1 onions (dried), sd lb ; onions (green), is to is 6d dozen bunches ; potatoes, | Ss to Ss 6d cwt ; young potatoes, i|-1 i lb. Fruits — Apples, 4d to 6d lb. In Brighton at intervals during the past fortnight some idiotic person hat been frightening timid people by ap pearing to them in an uncanny form in quiet places after dark. In other words the 'ghost' has re-appeared. It will be remembered that last year about this time similar pranks were played. He is reported to have been seen in S. Andrew's churchyard, at the rear of the Orphanage, and in several of the' back streets. This ' ghost ' seems to be an uncommon one, for he has discarded ghostly etiquette and instead of wrapping himself in a white sheet, is attired in black, and has been described by a person who encountered him as ' spring-heeled fellow, eight or nine feet high.' It may be worth this ' ghost's' while to know that there are several persons looking for him, who are anxious to try by means of a horse whip whether he has any feelings. The police, too, would like to drop across him. Richard Vernon, who resides in the Crescent, North Brighton, was mixed up in a Melbourne case of criminal assault, heard at the City Court last Wednesday. So far as ran be gathered the facts are that on the 20th inst. Jane Somerville, a domestic servant, 21 years of age, visited the city. She walked up Bourke -street and down Lonsdale-street to Exhibition street, where she entered a restaurant' and sat down to lunch. After a few minutes a man named Galvin and young Richard Vernon entered, and, sitting at the same table, spoke to her. They finished their meal before her, and left the room, but Galvin suddenly turned back and asked her if she would like to go to the Queen's Theatre, where Mr Howard Vernon's company is playing. Receiving an affirmative answer, he asked her to accompany him to his office, where he would get her a ticket. The girl consented, and, walking to ihe office, stood at the step, while Galvin unlocked the door and entered. Placing a chair in the centre of the room, he asked her to sit down, and on her doing so he stepped round ber back and locked the door. She rose, and he at once caught hold of her, and, throwing her down, violently criminally assaulted her. On his letting her go, Miss Somerville said, ' You will have to do something for me ; I must see a doctor,' on which Galvin handed her a shilling and unlocked the door. Outside the girl met young Vernon, and asked him whether the pass Galvin gave her on first entering the office was any good Vernon merely smiled, she said, so she threw it away. She informed the police and Galvin was arrested, and has since ueen committea ror mat. The case of Merrillees v. Rhodes, in which the litigation was in respect of a patent claimed by the plaintiff for an improved combined corset and abdominal belt, and which has been before the Supreme Court for the past three years, was on Friday, 23rd inst., finally disposed of, when the appeal by the defendant from the decision of Mr Justice A'Beckett, upholding the plain tiff's patent, was dismissed, with costs, the Full Court holding ihnt nioir,. tiff's specifications,- as amended, suffi ciently set out the invention claimed by her. The defendant, Mrs T. K. Rhodes, resides in Were-street. Brieh ton Beach. On the 14th of this month, Miss Ruth Gouldthorp, youngest daughter of Mr George Goldthorp, of Mentone, was married to Frederick Morton, third son of Mr R. L. Judd, of Chel tenham. The bride, who looked very pretty carrying a shower bouquet, was given away by Mr. P. Ockenden, Mr W. Wedd being best man, and Messrs A.R. Judd, C. Judd and W. Judd as groomsmen. The bridesmaids were Misses E. Wedd, J. Davey, S. E. Judd, and Harkins. The ceremony took place in the Church of Christ, which was beautifully decorated for the occa- sion by the lady members of the church, Mr. J. Pittman, minister of the church, officiating. Mrs. R. W. Tuck, organist of the church, played the Wedding March. The wedding breakfast was held at the residence of the bride's parents, the grounds being beautifully illuminated with fairy lights. On Monday morning last, Mr Daniel Wilmot, of Mackie-road, East Brigh ton, died from B right's disease. Mr Wilmot was one of the pioneers of the district, being a resident of about thirty-five years. He was a keen hand at driving a bargain, an honesty up right, hard-working gardener, held in esteem by his neighbours He leaves a widow and nine children— four married sons and five daughters. Deceased was interned in the Brigh ton Cemetery last Tuesday. The cor tege was a large one, over fifty vehicles: attending. The Rev. C. H. Barnes conducted the service and the funeral arrangements were satisfactorily carried out by Messrs McDowall Bros. ; * The operations at the experimental scent farm at Cheltenham have com menced. Mr Hunt, in charge, is an expert nurseryman and if backed up. by the Department of Agriculture will soon have things in good order. . Four kinds of lavender have been sent from Dunolly, several varieties of ancient' looking geraniums, and some rose ac tings. Over 2,000 lavender cuttings have been bedded. The present ar rangement is to thoroughly test the suit; ability of the soil and, if it is found favor-; able, the 186 acres comprised in the water reserve at* the rear will be used as a Government experimental farm. As the land is handy to the Chelten ham station and faces the Warragul road no better position could be chosen.' The Moorabbin council could assist the scheme by improving the Warra gul-road, which runs through King's , swamp, thus opening a direct road from Oakleigh to the farm. Probably some of our readers noticed'! a meek little advertisement in our ' ' wanted ' columns a fortnight ago j running as follows : — ' Active Work ing Road Overseer Wanted, permanent 1 job. State age, experience, salary,., ' Overseer,' care Gordon and Gotch, Melbourne.' It appears when the 1 Brighton Town Council appointed Mr' '! Coane as consulting engineer they re-i quested him to recommend a suitable, overseer. He advertised, chose his' man and recommended bim to the council. Some of the chosen twelve at last Monday's meeting objected to the procedure because, the' advertise-' ment did not state the work was to be done for the Town of Brighton ! As far as we can learn it is owing to this absurd objection that tbe overseer has not been appointed. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Court Star of Brighton was held 'in the Foresters' Hall on Monday evening, presided over by P.C.R. Bro. Allitt, in the absence of the Chief Ranger, Bro. Butler. The secretary, Bro. Brown, gave a report of the business done at the District meeting. Bro. Sandford, the District Beadle, was present and assisted in the initiation of a new' member. The proposition of three members for next meeting was received, after which the business of the court was closed. A very enjoyable social was then held and a good programme of dances was gone through. During; an interval, a presentation of a Past Chief Ranger's emblem, handsomely, framed in oak, was made to Bro. Allitt. The District Beadle, in making the presentation, eulogised the re cipient, referring to the energetic manner in which he had carried out the duties of the various offices he had passed through. Bro. Allitt suitably . acknowledged the gift and also thanked the visitors for their attendance. Danc ing was kept up until 12 o'clock, inter spersed with some very good songs by Mr Metcalf. The music was supplied, by Messrs Finster and Townsend, Mr A. McDougall acted as M C., and altogether the affair was a great success. A meeting of the East Brighton bazaar committee was held last Wednes day evening, Cr W. G. Burgess being in the chair. A letter was received from W. E. Lawton, asking to be remunerated for his services in connec tion with the bazaar, and expenses incurred in distributing circulars. It was resolved that £1 be voted to him! | The treasurer, Mr W. G. L'_arey, re- j ported that the balance in hand after paying all expenses was 17s 9d; It was proposed by Mr Lear ey,. and seconded by Miss Rufen, and carried, that £100 be handed to the directors of the East Brighton Hall company to liquidate the debt upon that building, and that the balance be devoted to wards a fund tor establishing a library. It was decided to hold a social for stallholdtrs and their friends on the evening of August 16th. Fence stealing has become quite common in Moorabbin lately, agents and owners of properties in the shire reporting the loss of posts and rails almost every week. On Tuesday, 20th inst. Mr Cullinan, of Balcombe roak, Black Road, notified Constable Westcott that a fence belonging to a Miss Robertson had been damaged by having the wires cut, rails thrown down and nine posts taken away. On Fridav, 23rd inst., Constable Westcott, wli'ile Rparrllinff for t4l£- nrnnDrh. ? ? ? ? ? » IJ., MB a man erecting a fence in the yard of the Mentone Hotel, and on examina tion of the posts, identified them as those stolen from Black Rock. I^ater on in the evening he arrested a young man named Alfred Ross, a resident of Mentone, who subsequently confessed to Constable Curtin that he had stolen the posts early on Tuesday morning, 20th inst. Ross will be brought before the Cheltenham Court to day to answer this charge. The Brighton Congregational Re creation club held a very successful social on Thursday evening in the Black- street school-hall, which had been nicely decorated .and cosily ar ranged lor the occasion. There kvere about 60 present and time passed'wery pleasantly. During the evening, athletic exercises by Wme dje^nem- j bers were given, and musical items, ' comprising two songs (one. an entire) by Miss Hammand, and a piano duet by Misses Jack and Jeffreson, were ren dered, also several humorous recitqfions by Mr G. Butler. Supper was laid in the smaller hall and thither the com pany repaired at about 9.30. The tables were presided over by Misses ^ Thnmncnn Hamming T rtflVn- ? - ? ! j ? Miiiuuimiu, jctuwuii anu Jack and an excellent light repast was enjoyed. It was about 10 when the gathering- dispersed. The idea is practically a new one in connection with the club and its success exefeeded anticipations. A concert was held in the Elsteni wick Hall on Tuesday evening in aid of the funds of St. Stephen's church, when a most enjoyable programme was gone through by the following ! artistes : —Misses Billings, Henderson j and Richardson, Messrs .Petsch, Con- 1 felly, Stockvis and Cunninghamr-The j Earl of Shaftesbury, who wasannounced 1 to sing, was at the last moment called to syaney, and so was unable to be present. Miss Olive de Hugard re minded the audience of tbe Paabst school, by ber ifaultless rendering of Chopin's impromptu in A flat ; while Miss Dane drew forth an enthusiastic encore by her rendering of 'Bell Raggio ' Mr Stockvis'show ability in bis rendering of Gillet's 'Entracte Gavotte,' but there was not the feeling in his slow movements like that' brought out by Mr Connelly in the ..^.Weignalfiid,' wbo /j^eans. :to have complete euperiorite of the violin. Miss ?Rose Musgrove received two enthu siastic ana well deserved encores for her recitations, ' How Uncle Podger Hung the . Picture,' and ' The Seven Ages of Woman.' Miss Olive de Hugard acted as accompanist. There was a large audience, who seemed to thoroughly appreciate the excellent programme. A very pretty wedding took place at the Johnston Memoral church, Free mantle, \V A-, recently, when Mr D. S. Carlton, late of Hawthorn, Vic , was married to Miss Rose Turton, daughter of Mr William Turton, late , of Middle Brighton,, and sister of the Rev. W. .F. Turton, of Freeinantle. The br'.de was attended by the Misses Mary, JJly and Ada Turton, as bridesmaids, each wearing brooches of opal, the gift of the bridegroom. The marriage ceremony was performed by the Rev. :W. F. Turton, brother of the bride, assisted by the Rev. L, W. Lee. The organist of the church, Mr Butson, played the ' Wedding March.' After the ceremony a goodly company re-! paired to the manse, where, at the fes tive board, the usual felicitations were indulged in, The presents were both .numerous and costly. ' J.B.S.' writes : — Among the dis abilities under which we groan at Brighton is the unchecked mischief and tyranny of fruit-garden pests, notably minahs and sparrows. Unless there is some law of provisions for the destruc tion, or at least the diminution, of this nuisance, it will soon be hopeless to -?attempt to grow fruit here. In many other places not so important and advanced as Brighton sparrow clubs exist, or a premium is given by the council for their eggs and heads. In another direction the boys of Brighton are keen enough in displaying their destructive tastes, and seem to delight in robbing the nests of the lovely and tuneful blackbirds and thrushes, who would fain settle in our midst but for the exterminating fury and savagery of young Australia. In Da) lesford and other places a reward of 1 is offered for the conviction of any who destroy blackbirds or other English songsters, and I would suggest to our local authorities to do likewise. Eastern Suburbs Election. — The views of Mr Frank Madden, M.L.A., on the Education Act, are tolerably well known ; but, for the benefit or those who are unacquainted with them, the columns of the 'Box Hill Re porter 'for March 9th, 1894, supply full particulars. In January, February and March of that year, the Rev. P. J. Murdoch, M.A., of the Manse, Camberwell, sought, in a series of masterly letters, to draw from - Mr Madden a distinct statement of the latter s views on scripture Education in State Schools. The reverend gentle man was ultimately successful in his purpose ; albeit receiving one reply from the sitting member, dated from 406 Collins-street, Melbourne, 22nd February, 1894. The two subjoined paragraphs explain how greatly the legislator differed from the divine : — ' Reverend and Dear Sir, — In answer to your last letter of yesterday's date, I beg to inform you that my views on the Education Act have been many times expressed publicly in my con stituency.' 'They are that the in tegrity of the Act now existing should be absolutely maintained. In my opinion, any attempt to introduce the teaching of religion as the function of the State, -however limited or adopted. cannot fail to arouse doubt and sus picion in the minds of many as to the impartial secularism of the State's teaching. I therefore think that while the country is disposed to try the ex periment of a purely secular system of education, the experiment shotild be tried free from any disturbing influences or possible suggestions. — [Advt.] 