THE FEDERAL CONVENTION. (BY TELEGRA?BP .) (From our own Correspondent.) ADELAIDE, March 24. On theopening of the Convention, Mr J. N. Brunker presented a petition from the Women's Suffrage League of New South Wales, praying that the Constitution be so framed that the right to vote for reprcsenta tives to the Federal Parliament be passed to women and men, without distinction or dis qualification on the ground of sex. Sir George Turner gave notice that the next day he would move that Sir R. C. Baker be appointed Chairman of Committees. On the motion of Mr P. M. Glynn, it was agreed that returns be prepared showing the cost of railways' rolling stock in the various eokmes, and also for the production of reports by the Railway Commissioners con cerning the abolition of the break of gauge, the amalgamation of the railways of all or any two colonies, and differential rates. Sir J. P. Abbott continued the debate on Mr Barton's resolutions. He said that he would support them. He considered that the dissatisfaction with regard to the 1891 Convention was due to the fact that the people had no direct representation in it. Australia should be grateful to Dr Quick for his bringing about the present Constitution of the Convention. He thought the resolutions should be passed entirely, but that should not pre vent the delegates voting as they liked when the details came to be discussed in com mittee. The questions of finance and rail ways were most important ones to be dealt with, and these would be discussed later on. He was de'ighted to hear that Queensland wanted to have a hand in framing the constitution. Sir George Turner said that their first object was to get federation, while doing justice to the various colonies they were sent to represent. He agreed with IIr Barton that it was absolutely necessary to have two Houses, and also that the appoint ment of a Governor-General should be made by the Queen. As to the formation of Houses, he hoped there would be no property qualification for either House. The number of members should be reduced as much as possible with the object of saving expenses, and they must be prepared to allow the smaller Stat a to have an equal representa tion in the Senate with the larger ones. He was not prepared to give the power of elec tion of Senators to the Parliaments of the different colonies. The first Senate should be elected by the people, and subsequently they could decide amongst themselves the election with, regard to franchise. Per sonally he was in favor of one adult one vote, but each colony should be allowed to frame its own f anchise until they had a uniform one framed for the Federal Parliament itself. For the House of Representatives he thought there should be one member for each 40,000 people.' Both Houses would be representative of the people, and therefore when a deadlock arose the members should take the matter before the electors. With regard to the powers to be given to the Federal Parl:ament, he agreed with the pro visions in this respect of the Commonwealth Bill. They must take care, however, not to interfere with the individual States. He wanted to give the fullest possible powers with regard to taxation and borrowing to the Parliament, and also the control of the imposition of Customs duties. The railway question was a most important one. The States should have no hand over the control of local railways, but intercolonial lines should be constructed and managed by all the colonies. This might serve to abolish the want of a uniform guage. Speaking on the question of whether the House should control the purse, he said he believed that although the two Houses should have equal power with respect to legislation he did not agree that the Senate should have co ordinate rights with the House of Repre sentatives in regard to dealing with financial mat ters. In the colonies at present and in )England financial matters were settled by the House of Representatives, and he did not see why a change should be made in this direc:ion. The constitution of the Execu tive should consist of the Governor-General and five Ministers. They had precedent and experience to guide them in this course, but not if they adopted the alternative. The question of finance was a most diflicult inc. They must frame means which would be ;:air and equitable to all the colonies, and sue that the means adopted were useful both for the present and the future. While they took from the various States ample money to carry on Federation, they must leave them :?mple means to carry on their own domestic work. It was a great mistake to allow the ]"edcral Treasurer to have a surplus so as to encourage extravagance. They should take care that the expenditure to be placed on the shoulders of a new body should be at least equal, if not greater, than the revenue, as if the revenue increased any deficit at the start would he very quickly caught up. He thought that the whole debts of the various colonies should be transferred to the new body. This would be the wisest course, as it would cause a limit to the disturbance with State finances and friction between the States, and the Federal body would be avoided. In connection with the taking over of debts, they should leave the question of assets out of consideration. There were richer and poorer colonies, and he thought the poorer must be prepared to make reason ablel sacrifices to help the latter to enter into Fderation. He thought the place of meetingr of the Federal Parliamcnt should be left for the decision of the members of that body. In conclusion, he said he reserved to himself full right to alter the ideas be had expressed should the arguments of his col leagues cause him to do so. Mr R. E. O'Connor said that equal repre sentation in the Senate was essential in the colonies' union on the basis of Federation. No power should be taken from the States which they could better exercise, and the Federal Government should not be given more power than was absolutely necessary He considered that responsible government Was essential, and it would not be complete without Queensland. He hoped to welcome the delegates from there shortly. The Senate should have the ful'est powers con sistent with responsible government. They should give it equal rights with the House of Representatives, except with respect to the initiation of taxation on Bills and directly appropriating revenue. All the deadlocks could be settled in the spirit of legislative compromise. He fancied the establishment of a Federal Court, but would not make appeals to it obligatory, and allow the litigant to go either there or to the Privy Council. He did not think that rail ways should be passed over to the Federal Government. Sir E. Braddon said that though he admitted that the members were ready to sacrifice their own preconceived ideas in order to secure harmony, he felt it was incum bent that the general views of the States which returned them should be considered. There was a danger that the submitted Con stitution would prove unpalatable to the smaller States unless the Senate were given power to protect the States' rights and in terests. An empty power would serve no purpose, and while he thought the power to amend money Bills was wrongly claimed by the i asmanian Council, it was so claimed and exercised, and he saw no reason why the Senate should not have the power, if elected by the people. It would be as equally repre sentative as the other Chamber, and so it should be given commensurate right. He agreed that the Senate should be elected by the one constituency, comprising each colony. The franchise was adopted for the Assembly, but he objected to *a uniform franchise for the House of Representatives. The franchise in Tasmania was sufficiently liberal. Women had not votes, but the franchise was extended to every man who deserved one. In the House of Representa tives local jealousies and feelings would soon pass away. He objected to the Referendum as a means of curing deadlocks, as the weaker States would go to the walL The Governor- General should be ap pointed by the Crown. He favored the Federal Government giving responsi bility to the House of Representatives, which would have the main charge of the public purse. He thought the number of Senators might be reduced to four from each State, and the members of the House of Representatives to one in 50,000. He sug. gested that the remuneration be reduced from £500 to £250. He could see no reason why a member of the State Parliament should be inelligible for the Federal Parlia. ment. He thought a saving could be effected with respect to the Federal Court of Appeal, the estimated costof which would be £16,000 a year. He fully endorsed all that was con tained in Mr Barton's resolutions with the exception of a clause giving the Federal Parliament power to impose and collect duties for customs and excise. A provision ought to be made in this respect. Mr P. M. Glynn made a lengthy speech dealing chiefly with the question of railways He spoke strongly in favor of Federal rail ways for the colonies, and read numerous extracts and cited many examples in favor of the system. However strong were the opinions held, he thought all should do their best to arrive at a compromise, which would have the result of the federation of the colonies. Mr S. Fraser heartily supported the resolu tion, and agreed to the equal representation of the colonies in the Senate. He thought railways could be worked much better and more economically locally than by Federa tion. At this stage the Convention adjourned till the following day. ADELAIDe, March 25. The Convention opened with a thin House, but there was a goodly number of spectators, including the Governor, his wife and daughters, and private secretary, who were accommodated with seats on the floqr of the House. In opening the sitting the President said he had to announce the receipt, through the Secretary of State for the Colonies, of a message from the Queen. "I have," the President stated, "received Her Majesty's commands. She desires me to acquaint the Federal Convention that she takes a special interest in their proceedings, and hopes that, under Divine guidance, their labors will result in practical benefit to Australia. I desire to add my own cordial wishes for a successful result, which will conduce to the dignity and strength of the Empire." The President then called for three cheers for the Queen, and three cheers were heartily given. On the motion of Sir George Turner, Sir R. C. Baker was appointed Chairman of Committees. The discussion on Mir Barton's resolutions was then continued. Mr J. H. Cirruthers desired that the utmost consideration and conciliation should leshiown towards the smaller colonies. They should be actuated by a spirit of compr - misc, but should not forget that they would have to persuade the people of Australia to accept that compromise. He hoped that the Premiers, while in Englan , would get the British Government to t.ke steps to get back the whole of New Guinea to the Em pire. They would have an opportunity of adding it to the Federation, and the inclu sion of Queensland woull be a source of strenght, and would remove the danger of weakness in the future. He spoke forcibly in favor of intercolonial freetrade, and said that in order not to remove the barrier from the Customs Houses to the railway stations it would be necessary that the keys should be placed absolutely under Federal control Continuing, he trusted that a select com mittee would be appointed by the Convention to take every pains to obtain evidence as a record of the probable finan cial difficulties Federal Australia would have to face. As to the federal judiciary, he did not believe in setting up an inferior tribunal to take the place of the superior Privy Council Referring to the site of the federal capital, he caused amusement by enumerating many reasons to show that New South Wales was the most important and best colony. He gave as one example the fact that the bead of the Church of England was located in Sydney. To this came the repartee by Mr A. S. Peacock : We have the head of the Falvation Army. (Laughter.) Mr Carruthers made a strong appeal in his peroration for them to carry out their duties in an earnest, careful, and painstaking way, so as to make the work as perfect as possible. Mr H. B. Higgins was the next speaker. He attacked the resolutions, and said they were not worthy of those to whom had been delegated the responsibility of framing the Bill. He agreed with SirEdward Braddon that the Government must rest upon the House of Representatives. If they did this they must give the sole power of the purse to the same body. If the Senate were given power to debate and refuse Money Bills they would be given practically the c:mmand of them, and they could so block the Ministry that the latter would have to bring in Bills to the Senate. The Senate must expect to con form to the desires of the House of Repre sentatives. The franchise should be granted to both Houses under the Con stitution, as, if they were elected on a narrow franchise, it would be difficult to broaden it. He was strongly in favor of their being content to begin with one man one vote for both Houses of Parliament. He urged that the Senate should be elected by each colony voting as one constituency, while the Representatives could be returned by districts. He briefly referred to financial and railway matters. A deadlock he would deal with by the Referendum. Mr B. R. Wise wanted it that responsible Government must be under the control of one House. He did not see why the Senate should not be allowed to amend Money Bills, as there was a more heated feeling over the matter of social legislation than concerning Money Bills. They should not be scared by the ghosts of dead controversies. If the Convention attempted Federal Franchise on broader lines than those existing, fresh obstacles would be created. He wou!d leave that to the Federal Parliament. There was an objection to both the Referendum and the Houses sitting together as a means of settling deadlocks. Power should be given to the federation, with the assistance of the States entered, to take over the administration of the unoccupied parts of Australia as federal territory. He advocated the federation of railways. Railways should be in instruments of consolidation and not weapons of offence, although there was no need of dealing with any but trunk lines, so that West Australia and Tasmania would not be affected. He advo cated a uniform gauge. To prevent the arbitrary and caus less dismissal of civil servants by the executive it should be enacted that they should not be dismissed without good cause was pointed out. He concluded by expressing the hope that every care would be exercised to frame a fair, equitable and tangible Constitution. Mr T. Henry spoke chiefly on sub-section three of the first resolution, which provided for exclusive power to impose and collect duties for Customs excise and give bounties being vested in the Federal Parliament. He thought the powers proposed to be conferred on the Federal Government should not be exercised until the hour when the Treasurer tabled the carried resolution for the imposi tion of Customs duty. They should not be allowed to touch the Customs or telegraph revenue of the several colonies until a uni form tariff was adopted. The Federal Go vernment Should be given power to levy on the States for defence and other specific purposes, but not until the States failed to pay their conuributions. All the defence works should be taken over by the Federal Government. Mr J. H. Symon said that when they con sidered the relative rights and powers in the Senate and the House of Representatives they must look at it from the point of view that possibly the balance of power might be altered in the course of a few years from what it was at present. There were those who now thought that the smaller States would combine because of their smallness and achieve their ends, and Victoria and New South Wales might be outstripped in the race for wealth and population. Look what was happening in the West, where the population and wealth was increasing by leaps and bounds. If the prosperity there was permanent, there was no knowing whether at no distant date they might not find Westralia exceeding the present great colonies in the East. Tile positions might therefore be reversed, and they would have to look at matters bearing that in mind. He liked the sixth clause in the first resolution, and he expressed as a particular condition the absolute permanence reposed in the union. He hoped they would all work to enable the Premiers on leaving for Eng land to take with them the first com pleted draft of the Federal Constitution, the presentation of which would be one of the most precious and accept able parts of the great Jubilee celebra. tions. With regard to the appointment of a Federal Judiciary, he said he would give a final appeal from the Supreme Courts of the different States to that tribunal. They should not send suitors with cases 12,000 miles for adjudication. He believed in the Federal Government being the responsible Federal Assembly, and he believed in the Senate having power to amend, but not re ject, money Bills introduced in the House of Representatives. There was no good in having intercolonial freetrade unless the railways, the great avenues of trade, were put under Federal control. In conclusion, he echoed entirely the weighty words in which Mr Barton counselled a conciliation and concession spirit, for it was un. doubtedly by this means that they would arrive at a compromise. The Convention adjourned at 5.30 till the following day. ADELAIDE, March 26. Before the Convention began this morning all the delegates were photo graphed inside and outside the House, including the Westralian delegates, who had a very pleasant trip across in the R.M.S. Ballarat. The president welcomed the Wee tralians on opening tha sitting and the delegates were then called upon to sign the roll and the motions carried for the preparation and production of many statistics. Mr F. W. Holder continued the de bate on Mr Barton's motion, which was taken part in by Messrs W. J. Lyne, J. A. Isaacs, H. Dobson and Dr Quick. The speakers in the afternoon were only listened to by a thin House. The members are becoming wearied ot the lengthy and, as many think, quite unneocessary preliminary talking. Most of them especially those who have spoken, are anxious to select a committee to frame the constitution. While this is being done, which is expected to last all next week, the Convention will be in recess, resuming to go into committee on the draft bill. The Convention at 5.30 p.m. ad journed till Monday. ADELAIDE, March 29. The Federal Convention resumed this morning, when all the Westralians were in their places. A petition was presented by Victoria and New South Wales with regard to the recognition of God in the preamble of the Federal Constitution, and also one re questing that the federal capital be Went. worth. Mr E. Barton gave notice of moving that a late sitting be held on Tuesday in order to conclude the debate on the resolutions. Sir John Forrest gave notice that next day he would move an amendment to the reso. lution to the effect that the House resolve itself into a committee to consider the Com. monwealth Bill of 1891. Sir John Forrest, on a formal motion of adjournment, called attention to the desirability of expediting the proceedings of the Convention. He said that the West Australian delegates had to return to the colony on April 14, as the general elections would then be in full swing, and the writs for the election issued before that date. Sir J. W. Downer, Sir Philip Fysh, and Mr W. McMillan spoke to the resolution. Sir John Forrest, who was loudly ap plauded on rising, congratulated the Presi dent on his election. He hoped that the debate would not be unduly prolonged now, as he was glad to understand that the Commonwealth Bill would be taken as the basis of the Constitution. He was sure that five-sixths of it must be in any measure formulated, and it would be impossible to build a federal structure with out having recourse to the Commonwealth BilL He especially referred to the loss sustained by the movement through the deaths of Sir Henry Parkes and Mr Griffiths. He agreed with the attitude the late Sir Henry Parkes took, which was that, as far as possible, all matters affecting them should be left to the jurisdiction of the States. He believed that the House of Representatives should be constituted on the basis of population, and the Senate of equal representation. The Constitution should be based upon the system all knew so well and liked, namely, responsible Government. They did not want to go to the United States for a Constitution. As representing a State where the population was rapidly increasing and which, before long, they thought, would be as large as any of the other colonies, they must insist on equal powers being given to the Senate in all respects except with regard to the Initiation of Money Bills. He had no objection to leaving that to the House of Representatives. He was also not indis posed to concede that the Appropriation Acts should not be amended by the Senate. It would not be reasonable for the larger colonies to expect that the powers of tax ation should be given to the Federal Govern ment, and that the Senate would not have power to amend. He spoke very strongly on the subject of the mode of the election of the Senate. He thought it would be best to have the Senators appointed by the State Legislators. The powers of the Senate should be co-ordi nate with those of the House of Representa tives, wvith the exception alone of the Appro priation Act. The question of the franchise for the House of Representatives should not be dealt with at present but left to the ance of the revenue received by each State after expenditure on the up-keep of the departments of the Federal Government had been deducted should be returned to the State. He wa' utterly opposed to those who thought that the railways should be handed over to the Federal Government. It might suit the large colonies, but as for West Australia it was altogether out of the ques. tion. To allow outside control of railways was absurd and undesirable. It would also be no advantage to West Australia to hand over the Post Office and Telegraphs. Had the telegraphs of West Australia been under Federal control during the last few years their great needs would have been nothing like met as they had been under local control. Then came the question as to what would be left in the hands of the Federal Government. There were defence, taxes on Customs, quarantines and harbor lights. He recognised that as time went on each must sacrifice something, believing that Feaeration would eventually be for the good, and happiness of the colonies generally. They were prepared, therefore, to throw in their lot with the other colonies. (Cheers.) West Australia did not want to gain material advantages by Federation, but merely did not want to lose by it. The vast territories of West Australia provided plenty of scope and ambition for the desires to form a powerful Empire by itself, but the Austra lians were one nationality, and as such should do away with imaginary boundary lines. The Customs houses, etc, should all work together for the good of Australia as one Empire. (Cheers.) Federation must eventually be for the good of all. He concluded a sound, practical speech of three-quarters of an hour's duration by stating that the other Westralian delegates had met, and decided, in order to expedite business, not to speak on Mr Barton's resolutions. Mr V. L. Solomon continued the debate, which was unfinished when the Convention adjourned till the following day. 