THOMAS JARVIS INTER VIEWED ON Thursday afternoon, onr repre sentative made his way to the humble homo of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year old baby, and his face de clared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Al though pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : 'Yon want to know all about my case 7 Well, I am glad of an op portunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.' '? How long were you suffering 7' ' W ell, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to LEAVE OFF WORK, aud I bavo done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scald ed whilo taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, aud after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to' give np my billet at the Glebe Island.' 'What were the symptoms?' ' Simply indescribable. The. pains were somothing terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. ' They were for all the world like sis if a . SAW WERE CUTTING MY BONER, iu two in every part of me: I had no control over my bowelB or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and Bliaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, arid he told me that my ease was utterly hopeless. However he gave, me an order co the Director of Charitable In stitutions.' ' Did you moke use of the order 7 ' ' No ; I came home and wont to bed, and Iiavo been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was ALL OVER WITH ME . and only a question of days when I would givo up tho ghost. My doctor was attending mo and did all he could by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was. in. I wus under him for jjvo or six weeks; 0c come to the conclusion that I was' suffering from Looomotor ataxia, or Progressive loco-' motor ataxy, a disease of the- spinal cord characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told mo that I might last, for ten years, and that I might nover got the nse of my legs. (Just then the patient .kicked/ bis legs about with energy to show the medical opinion is not infallible.) Well just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure of an other boiler-maker in Englnud which I read in the ' Australian Workman,' by Doctor Williams' Pink Pills for Pole People. I read in theadvertisomont of a ease which seemed to fit my own. I determined to givo the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and SENT FOR A BOX. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though notniug wae the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest for many a day. It was incredible. I im mediotaly left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can Walk About with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those cratches there ,7 They, are perfectly new, and I. have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but 1 was too weak to nse them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do withbut it. Yon see I am rapidly regaining my strength.' ;' He is 100 per cent, better,' said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. ' The Pink Pills have SAVED HIS LIFE, and jmade: another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that day than he did a fortnight previ ously. ' I can now,' continued Jarvis, ' have a cold bath, and all .the feeling has, come back in my legs. If I keep on going tho way I am, I hope to be at work in two months' time, I feel that I shall then be well enough to resume work as a hoiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am ' , . BETTER TO-DAY than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of OPIUM AND MORPHIA ? pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' ? Having wished Mr. Jarvis continued .speed towards recovery our representative withdrew. 