Notes. BY THERSITES. Two schemes for insurance against want of .employment have existed in Switzerland for two or three years past,- 0tte4u the canton of Berne and one in that of St. Gall. The former was voluntary, but in St. Gall the labourer was compelled to insure. The American Consuls at Chemnitz and St. Gall have both- recently reported on the subject, and the former states that men whose work is steady and likely to continue so, complain bitterly that they are compelled to support in idleness others whose labour is uncertain, but who, for that very reason, are better paid than when they are at work. " It is not in the nature of things for such a system to succeed, even among so loyal, loving, and gentle a folk as the Swiss. The effort is not vain, if it will teach the thoughtless how hard it is to make laws or to institute any system that is to take the place of thrift and economy during the days when work is plentiful." Some time after this report the Consul at St. Gill wrote tha; the experiment had been abandoned at the instance of the labourers themselves. He says they " found that a system which insured ag.iinst lo ; s of work resulted in the promotion of laziness and idleness. In face, a knowledge of the existence of this system of insurance had drawn to S . Gall a considerable number of unemployed from other par.s of Switzerland, with the object of obtaining support at the expense of resident labourers." The system is to disappear on and after June 80.— Scientific American, April 17. This is commended to the consideration of the reform-the-world-by- Act-of-Parliament men who for our sins have come to sit in parliament. One of thjir " planks" is work for the unemployed <ix a riijht, this they p ittijr abjut everlastingly, but they h;ive scarcely the ghost of the shadow of an ide i as to what is involved in the cry. Then it must be remembered that this abortion based on folly, hap^ p^ned in the land of the cure-all re* ferendum ! Ulei! Everbody knows that the radicals and " labour " politicians are entirely imp ccahle. The Tory, the "fat man," the " boodler," sins every chance he has, and if a chance does not show up pretty promptly when he feels like sinuing—and that is always—he makes one. This is one of the common-places of the " labour oraytor " wherever you find him. But he and his mates never do wrong. The fat man member gets drunk—the labour member never goes beyond water, tea, or soft stuff (although Bridges told a different story). The fat man dummies land and does all sorts of wicked things, the democrat (how I do love that word!) never does anything that is out of plumb. Every democrat is honest, sincere as sunshine, and truthful to the uttermost! But is it so ? My idea is that those democrats we know, especially those who are everlastingly prating about it, are not a bit better than the most boodling boodler. Now, to auy of our local democrats, New Zealand politicians on the ministerial side, are a politically pure set. of fellows. Seddon and all his mates are saintly in their political practice, and their saintliness has made New Zealaud the paradise of the democrat. There comes, however, a funny story from this Austral elysium. When the New Zealand Government made it elf responsible for the credit of the Bank of New Zealand it took over a lot of properties and placed them under a Board—an Assets Realization Board, to a salaried position on w r hich Mr. Seddon appointed himself. The Board has to work off the properties to the best advantage and with that view invited offers for certain of them. Bushy Park in the south was one of the properties submitted, but nobody made an offer. It was therefore decided to cut it up and offer it for small farms, but, after the cutting up had been done, it passed into the hands of the two sons of the Minister for Lands— a McKenzie, without competition. The Opposition candidate at the election for Wellington suburbs asserted that not a penny had been paid down for the estate. The irate father of the " buyers " came to the front, and said that thousands had been paid for the land (money had been paid for the stock), and if anybody -wished to see the deeds they would be produced at any moment. A rascally impertinent Opposition member, who was also a lawyer, asked for a sight of the deeds, and he received from Pater Mackenzie a letter which earries on its face a conviction that its writer was in a corner. Cruelty was carried further still at a meeting at Ivarori. An elector asked Pere M'Kenzie : " Will your sons hand the estate over at the price they paid for it ?" " No, not much," was ihe reply of the '|Fader." Other questions of an equally bothering sort were put, and they ended in A-a-h ! these d mocrats! 