?'., ECHOES OF, SPORT. ..„.'.':./. the calendar*- ? - ? ? September O-NewenMai entries, Sept. 4, Not. 9, 10-Northern Jockey Club Jan. 26— Northern Jookey Club. ?CODBHNO. ?, August 28— Largs. ?. ? Warwick Farm races were postponed to-day on acopnnt of rain. ? , i- ? __ .,? ? : ' ' ' ' iVfa' provable that the Victorian hurdle racer Blitz will be gent to England. ? New Bitty (brother to Nudity) and Sea Queen, a fiSa7-oldy War to Newhaven, have joined CrJPPB'B team at Fleimngtop. ., The bystander who moantod Montrose in tho r^nlfiald Gf N. Steeplechase after her fall, and rode h«Da.t the poBt, gaining third money for the owne?, it i. Baid/huB.rec.ived, a tenner for his trouble. . ,; ; . . v-, ? '-Larrv Foley Bays that he wan never offered TaOO toetand'forsix rounds before the late JaoK Burke, and goes .till further and Bays thab he does not thinfc even now he would refuse such an ?offer from any man living. The following soratchihgs were recorded yester day in oonneotion with the Warwick Farm August meeting.— Warwiok Farm Handioap.— pudding- Bton and Kallatina. Stewards' Mile: Ambition. ?Jumpers' Flat Race : Faber. Sir Play and Premier, both by the Australian bred stallion Sir Modred, secured wins at the Spring meeting of the Brooklyn (U.S.) Jookey Club re cently, and at tha Morris Park Spring meeting, ?Bonaparte and Premier, by tho same eiro, were suc oessful. Rifle, a son of tho Australian-bred Maxim, and Kilkenny, by Darebin, finished first in their respective evonti, tho latter, carrying lOsb 01b., doing two miles over the hurdles in 3mm. 47Jseo. M. Cannon has utill a long lead on tho list of winning joekeya. On tho day the last mail lefb his record wra 77 winning mounts for tho season, 0\. Wood's tetal being 55. T. Loatea, who mot with such a bad accident at Liverpool last year, has reinmed riding. Ho won a, two-year-old raoo on Fierabraa at Newmarket last month. In the next race, the Zetland Pl^te, he rode Goletta, on . whom odds of 0 to 1 were freely, laid, but the filly was easily .beaten by Mouteroy. - . . /- A Molbourno soriba Bays that Wait-n-Bit haB not improved at all in appearance sinco the Autumn meeting, and that ho did not compare at all favour ' ably with Mora, another or Malua'a progeny, who was walking about the paddock at Ciiulflold on Saturday last. The Malua harse horse Malto made euoh a ono-horso race of the Welter Handicap that he is now mentioned in connection with the C»ul-: field and Melbourne Cups, in which he hnB..7at 2lb and Cat 121b respectively. Since his win on Satur day £500 bus been offered and refused for' him. I was speaking to tho veteran John Dines :'ab Rutherford yesterday about Steward, and ho told me the trouble with the beautiful little bay was in tho. fetlock, where ho haB a very bad windgall. Now that thero in plenty of water , In, the river at Singleton, Steward has been indulgod in swimming) and has iiIbo boon doing gentle exorcise . ' on the grass. 'I think I'll bo satisfied with him, though, when I win the Epsom,' rotaarked tho old gentloman smilingly. 'You've got to get him to ( ', the post ttrat,' I interacted. ' Oh, ho'll be there i ' '''? all right,' was the reply; and. then the veteran' walked off and put a fiver on Ovid, regardless of ; the, faot that tradition limits him to the in vestment; of a sovereign only. For the High Weight Handicap, ran at tho New market Second July matting, and. whioh wo learnt. by cable tho Sydney mare Acmnna won, thoro wore ooven starters. The Prince of Wales' Onkdono wan favourite at 9 to *, Hjs Reverence, a horse who has shown good form this year, boing at 8 to 1, and Abmona, whose party uuppurtod her spiritedly, ab ?iOO to 30. Tho distance woa a milfi and three fur longs, and Aatnona, ridden by Brndford, led all tho ?way, and won in a oantor by aix lengths. Tho 'daughtor of M'artiui-Honry and Aomo onrried Sat ?yiby and wan in rocoipt of a atone from His Rovor e'nce, who flniahod second. Aomona .was trainod by Mr. F. W. Dny, who u?od to train «t Baud wick ,for Mr. S. Hordorn. The Sporting Iiffe iroferB to Acmena as baing a valuable addition to tho .ranks ol stayers in England. The special conimitteo appointed in Melbourne to consider and loporb upon the present etatc of cricketing affairs has rooommended as follows i— 1\. That the follow-on rnle bo altered so as to ' pro vide that the side wliioli goea in second bVuII follow oh their innings if they nhall havo aoorod'200 runB lesa than the other aide. 2. That an annnal pro vinoial cricket weok bn instituted, when toama from the. various districts in tho country coinpoto one against another, and afterwards a combined country team play a Mobropelltnn olevon. 3. That! the juniors and coltsi' match bfl nrrnupfod for. thn early part of tho a»aaon, 4. That tlio pennant matches in tho coming season ba of throe days' i ? duration. G. That umpired bo inBtruotad to'talm audh steps as will gunrd against wanto of time . during umtcheo. Tho annual ropart and balunce-ahonbof fcho Moreo iBaoing Club for tlio paBt aoaoon indicate gonurally . 'a satisfactory Btato of nffaira, conHiderinpf tho ?tUn- aatroua ciranmstancoa by which tho dintriob wan affected during the past 12 monba. Tho olub oom ? monoed tho ynar with a bank overdraft of £322 and .closod in pnvotioally tlio rfiiiio position, uf tor award-! ? -ing £400 prize-monoy and mooting the ourront ox ponsea.. Thti prnsout vnluo of the permanent im ? ?' provombnta on'the raoocouran ia over £1000, and an .--.' offoft is beinc; marie to Boouro a freehold titlo to the land, which ab prosont is loaned from 1iho tnuatoea. Arranjfnmonts will also bo probably made , wheroby, snbaorihors to to tho anniversary. raoo mooting will amalgamate) vdhh tho Moreo' ?Babtng Olub, which, will thon hold two meotinga , ;yoarly. ' .,' , ' ,' . . ' ? A. peculiar trotting oaso is narrated by the 'Hawera (N.Z.) paper as having hoen dealt with ?fchorb. Mr. ,E. R. Oarthow sued Mr. E. H. Kivell cfor)iB10'i-iamagoB to the valwe.of the fonvor'n trot ?ting mar» Misa Cant. Tho facts warn an follows ; ^— Mr.'Kivoll borrowed a horse from n Mr. Lynn to iride to Toko races. On . tho way ho found Ilia .monnt could trot, and so boing fond of sport,' ho ?entered her for a raco. Sho won tliR trot, and had ,«hp boon' tho obsorfVo ' Biddy' Mr. Kivoll in. his in ' uobenoe Buppnnod, all would have boon well. Hub ifc was ooon' di,«c9voro'd that pho wan tho wall-known jperformor Miss Cant, and as Tolco in an unrogia -tered mseting, her win of a fun- ahillinga meant ?disquallfloation at ntthodox equine gntlioringa, and tin opnBoquonoe » doproolntion of hor value an ft -trotter. Fortnnntoly for nil piirbioo, tlio Trotting AsBOQiaUon withdrew tho diflquniiflantinu on niicnr tainihg tho factn, and, tho XI utid oontn which Mr. Stanford awarded tho plaintiff should aboub connnln Mr. 0artl«»V for fclio olmff about tho ' riiiffing in' and tho temporary loan of ennto of his mnro. (j \ i- ? ? '? I understand that old Sphnolmnntormndo pnnv tlvoly hla laafc appoarance in tho Woltor Handicap at Eu'thorford yentorduy, find i'ndnod it is timo tho sen of lOrandmantor aud Second Qnuon (sintur to Secnndue) was allowed to enjoy hia otiwm cum dignitale. lie in kipped, but this notwithstanding he w«g,.a yory sliopoljr. customer whau X snvr him ilrat aomo yoaru buclr, reminding mi groatly of aomo of Hurrinu's pioturoo of Englinh hunters. 3Tow$t|f bacjk; hua fallon, and te is'.'nltogothor look ing older and morp dinroputablo than bin respcotod pa. Anbthor who yoatorday bode farowoll to tho poafc bbfprs soolting th,e aapltuion of tho pnddook waa Tku Bride, a daughtor of tho dofunob Naviga tor and Brldonmttid, bnfi ohe. has, unlike Boliool 'njooter, boon a very iftdlfforont, porformor, und.fcbo , jfenlnl Billy Smith, ytho him bnan Ipbking after nor, . . 4i^n't weep copiously aa ho told mo of tho intended severance of the partnership. Hurricane, too, yesterday sported silk for the last time, Tom Judge having come to the conclusion that the big bay is likely to earn him more of the filthy lucre between the shafts of a buggy than on a racecourse. Cricketers will be interested to learn that advicsB by the mail state that eevoral of the team who uro to vist Australia havo been keeping up thier form with tho bat. Amongst Runjit Sinbji'i- scorns wero 87- against Lancashire and 57 agaiOBt Notts. N. F. -Druco has only played one innings, 103, for the University against Liverpool and district. A gainst Somerset Cuptain Wynynrd got SO and 32 for his county, and 33 in ench innings against the Players. .Wainwrigbi, of Yorkshire, pUyed a first-class innings of 71 against the Gentlemen, and followed it with 104 not out against Susesx. Hayward lion batted most consistently, getting 73 in the first match with the Gontlomen, 37 and 4,7 in the return match, and 82 ogninst Middlesex. In the same matches Hirst got 65 in tho first game and 34 and 61 nob out in the second. For the Gontleraen J. B. Mason was top scorer in the first innings with 02, and got 31 and SI not out against Somersob. Stod dart, who has not been doing much with tho bat, got 91 in a match against Surrey, in progress when ihe last mails left. In the last publication of but ting figureB Druie had averaged 66, Ranjit Sinhji B3, Wainwright 41, Hayward 86, Storar 34, Hirst 83, Mason 28, Board 25, and Stoddart 24. George Donnelly, an old-timo jockey, who ranked among the loading horsemen in Australia many years ago, died at his residence, Randwick, on Thursday night, the cause of death being an attack of pleurisy. Donnelly rode Tim Whifller and Dag worth in moBt of their races, and on the latter won tho Hawkesbury Grand Handicap, 1878. On Robin Hood he won the V.R.O. Darby, 1875, and th* A.J.C. St. Leger, 1876, and in 1875 ho steered Lurline to victury in the Adelaide Gup. Riding for Mr. JS. de Mestre, Donnelly won tho A.J.O. Champagno Stakes on Chaster, and his last mount was on the famous Bon of Ya-tandon, when Woodlands beat him by a head for the AJ.C. Derby. Never reckloss with hi» earninga, Donnolly became the liceneeo of the A.J.C. Hotel, Randwick, after his retirement from tbo active dutios of tho turf, ond_ soniBtimoa trained a racehorse or ttvo, tho last being tho old grey Rosinanto 5 but for many years past ho has been living privately, and in comfortable circum Btanceij, O'Donnolly, who had attained the ago of 54, years, wns riding in the days when Jimmy Ash worth, Tom Brown, Tom Hales, Yeomans, Brickey Colloy, Cracknel), Joo Kean, Morrison, Jack Ramsay, ' Squeaker' Thompson, Stanley, and other accom plished horsemen took part in the leading events on the colonial turf. . ?.-??- Cricket umpirep sometimes make funny mistakes. In a match, a rather important one, too, there «vas a waterholo within the buundnry, for whioh no pro vision had been made. In the last innings, and when the play was at its moBt exolt ing pitch, one of the batsmen, hib tho ball into the waterhole. Had it gob through the fenoe beyond tho holo, thtee for a boundary hit would have been allowed, but in this ease the um pire, when a couple of rune hnd been scored, er roneously held up his hand for a boundary hit. The batsmon took no notice of the signal, for everyone could see that the ball was not within 20 yards of tho limit, and thoy continued to run. Ati tho sixth the opposing captain cried 'L»st ball,' and the batsmon stopped running. The f ornmr, However, immoaiau«iy ruuuuuobui£ uu»u uu» nm^im had signalled a boundary hit, insisted on three only being counted, and the umpire awarded three Speaking of umpires calls to mUid the froquont remark in reply to a l.b.w. decision, ' Why, I pluyod tho ball,' This ocourred on one occasion when Alec. Barinerman was batting, and ho hib tho ball bo hard that it wont to the fenoa; but on the appeal for l.b.w. being made, it wbb sustained' to Alec's surprise,, and in response to his remark, ' Why, I played the ball,' the umpire replied, 'Yes; but it hit your log first.' If we mistake not, that umpire waa Mr. Brisco. , , . The days of Derby dark 'uns aro practically over. As a rule the unknowns did nob raee.b with the success the pntienoe of those connected with them deserved, though of courBB there were nxoap tionB. Twenty-four years ago the late Alee Taylor had the Makeshift oolt under his care. Until the groat Epsom evont of tho season roforrcd to tho un named one had not been seen on a raoflcourae. Ao Munton, however, he had been tiiod to ba up t olasaio form, and in duo course a commission went forth from this frequently dronrled and mystoriouB Btuble. Old Tattersall's ab that time flourished. Thoro was the firat bat taken about the Makeshift colt, tho uaetul oddB of 1000 to 8 being obtainod. So quietly yet successfully did the oommiHoionorB wort that similar bots wore taken from substantial mon, the avernga price when their business was finiahod surprising oven their employora. Carefully had tho situation been considered. ' Nothing bub Cromorno can possibly beat him,' the owner told a friund iast before tbu race., 'and I've gob fifteen hundred on him for a pliiee.' Tattennam Uorner destroyed the ' dark 'unV chanon. Coming wido round tho bead, ho lost a lot of grouud, and though coming with a rare rattlo at tha finish he could not quite gat up, and Cremorno won by a short hond. 'That must ranke a dlfferonco to you,' Bomoono remarked to G nor pro Payne, i%» the winning number wont up. 'Yob,' oalmly replied the unmovod turfite - 'a hundrod thousand pounds difference,' Britomarte, tho Grand National winner, wbb brod in TaBtnania by Mr. J. M. GrifUmin 1888, got by Mauuka — Lonoma, by Castle Hill '(imp.) — Ino, by Pater Wiikins (imp.)— Blauk Bbbs, by.Hollyoak — Buoking Bnt, by Snoorur (imp.)— Miss Grizzlo. This Miss Grizzle was bred by Mr. Jam.es Cox, of Olarondon, Tasmania, and -was by Rainbow from Kit (imported from Now South Wales in 1820), by Roclrtngham (imp.) Miss Grizzle was afterwards bought by Mr. H. Goo, who bred a groat many winnora in the forcioa and early flftios from tho old maro and hor. daughters. Among these winners wore Ynorann, Bloomsbury, Hollyoak EKrumont, &c.; Hollyoak, who .oooura in Brito mnrte's podigree, SO years- ago, performed tho ainprucoriunt font, for a two-year-old, of winning u race aftor fivo milo heat.il Tho raco was oonQuod ito two-y oar-olds, and must havo buen a most bar barous ivfllair.' Hollyonk was benten in tho first honb by anotlior Besboroughaolt, called Fuugh-u-ballagh Th«n tho two- ran. aoouplo of dead hoats, after, whioh Hollyoak won t.wo hoats, and booiuno entitled to the prize 1: Fanoy. a two-year-old running flvo heats of a mtlo eaoh on ono day I Hollynakinust have been made of cast-Iron, ao he racod on mid won a number of raoas. In Tutor days, Anpon, Lord AIIod, Chutteror, Scottish Ohier, aud otlinr members. of the Talkatlvu f'tmlty havo uphold tins fame of Miss Grizzle. , . Llkp Newhavon ICings 'borough, Bavanaka, and many other good horsns, Brltomartu cannot boast of a number, though shn lias plenty of. the rig,lib sort of utoub old-fnahionod blood, which onublou hor tolaatoub a long journey. AlthouKh nothing to bo»Bt aboub I fancy tho Norhhnrn .Jookey Olub will gob oub of its meeting at Rutherford ynfltonlay with a bib to Bpnro, and thn mnmbisra can bloea thoir eturu that tho tlirontcmid rain wan nob in evi dence. Tha attiaidanco gonocully wao only modorutn, bnt t.ho middling pnddook was well pntroniaod, a grant nurabor of thoaa. prcnonb being cliargnd for me^nburshtp will havo a , ronation ary ulIiKit, in tlmb bo muuy will join tlmb thoro will remain bub tevr to pay blio 10/1 admiaaton . fuo ab tho gntno. At . tliD oobtlinc lant evening the ProBidmit (^fr. J. Gllliea, M.P.), .mautlonud that bho club waa inn pronpproua o»nclit,ion, and Hiucii Air. Markwoll had flllod tlio aocratnrinl oilluo thn mumburnhip hnil doubled, thorn being now about 100 numon on tho roll. Ho romindod fchoiio pruaont thab tho Olub would hold another jnnnting in, November when bettor prison than have l.i.ii'n offorod for Homo youru pttBb would bo onmpotud for. Whornab ovnrybody prasonb applauded vigonvualy. Thoou who wnnt to Rutherford yoetorday nxp^oting bo nitnona gcod rnoing woro cllBiipiioiutod. Thn arrangomuntB utiflor tl'o bnglo oyo of Mr. Murkivoll and his oommittun worn nplondid, but Mr. Wai IHalen, who flllcd tho jndgo'n box, had n vary army limn of ib, Jnointh wan suppoHsd t« bo a shot bird for tho Flying Haiidttmp, but I don't thiuk tho littlo maro liked tho track. Anyhow iiIao was stopping ab thn mid, and novnr hud tho ghost of n ohanco with Ovid, a plain obcatnut! golding by Virat Ohentor oub of Mabel, who wbh iiIoo d.ira of Tlonglnt, thn old imrdlo rnoor, Ovid mny nofc bo quito ilr«t olnaj, bub lip ia a raro movor anal likohim groatly. But, ulns, my nffoo tio.no didn't devolopo until after he had flitted by the atund. 'Pown Clock, who won tho Park Stakes easily, is a very neat little fellow by my.old, favourite Jeweller out of Lady Pitaferd, who like Maid of the Lake, hos tbe happy knack of throwing gallopers to any aud ovary eiro. They used to say 'one time in nn oracular way 'put a draught stallion on a Kingston mnro and tho result will bo a racohorse, but an Irish friend of mine who had aponchnntfor borrowing stock in an unoBtqntatious manner, capped that by Baying ' Begorrah, I've got ono or two good 'uns myself out of a Bylong paddock. However away with frivolity. Tho scratching pen made Sominimie'd task of winning tho N.J.C. Han dicap an Cttpy one, and tho public readily took evon money about tho blank daughter of Gibraltar. About the beab looking animal in the yard was Betsy Prig, one of her opponenba. That is np top, bub she walked like a cat on hob bricks, and Mr. Mayo tells mo tlmb ho haa had coneiderablo trouble v- ith tho mare's knee. Tho daughtor of Grand Flaneur and Mother Gamp is not likely t-i last long. Tho race was no race, paradoxical bb tho statement may seem, for when given her head at the turn Semiramia simply Bquandercd tho others, and gave paoplo an idea of what a fair horse well can do with duffers. Sho will run for the Motrop and will then go to tho stud. Peveril, who won tho Selling Race, is a half brother to Shanks, a stfleple chaier for whom poor Tom Oorrigan once gave 200 guineas, but it would havo to bo very small and flimsy timbor before I'd intrust the safety of my precious littlo neck to Peveril to carry mo over. Still he Bhould be easily worth a bit more than the twelve guinoas which Jack O'Donnellpnid for him. Although Capo Pigoun haB not been neon undor silk for a considerable time and looked quite aldormanic about the ' bingey,' svon money was taken about him for tho Wnltor Handi cap, and ho won na he liked from Patty Brown nnrl his own brother Ki Wi. During the day, I'm told, a couple of wolnhnra started operation outside, but it is tho fault of tho public thab bucIi gentry exist. Vho pencillora doing busineaa in tho Legor stand havo to pat up a financial guarantee with the Clnb, and are gonerally very reputable men, bub bobio scraggy stranger has only to open a book outaidp the enclosure, offor a libernl priqo which they liftvo no intention of paying, and mugs flock to tht-ni to'be taken down. Somehow or other ft obuple of'unde sirablo gentiomon gob into tho saddling paddock, regardless of thn faot that, metaphorically apoaking, tho Club's detective (Mr. R. F. Wataon) waB going round with thu legond ' Abandon. hope all yo who. enter hero' writ large about his poitly form, and tho conBoquence was that th«y ' vamooaod tho ranch at a pretty auddon gait,' as tho Americans aay in cheap literature. The Va.ora.nt. 