St. Augustine. Catholic Ceremonial. Roman Catholicism, represented by Cardinals "Vaughan and Perraud, about a score of English and colonial bishops, -monks of all orders, and a great con course of the clergy and laity, on Sep tember 15, commemorated at Ebbsflcet, nenr Kamsgato, the disembarkation of St. Augustino and the Benedictines 1,300 years ago. There was a gorge ous - procession round tho traditional landing place, the prelates wearing jowellcd mitres and resplendent copes, ; and the _ othor ecclesiastics their dis tinguishing vestments. The procession was headed by a chaplain (carrying tho cross of tho regular olergy) and two acolytes. Then eumo a great body of monks, representatives of the English branches of their respective orders — Eatliers of the Institute of Charity, Marist Pathers, Oblate Fathers of Mary Immaculate, Passionist Fathers, Re- demptionist Fathers, Fathers of the Society of Jesus, Servite Fathers, Carmelite Fathers, Capuchin Fathers, Fathers of the Order of St. Franois and tho Order of St. Dominic. With. their coarse robes and cowls, thoir ropo- girt waists, and, in many cases, shaven crowns, they formed not the least striking part of this proces sion. Following them came a chaplain carrying the cross of the Benedictines, and with him two acolytes. Thoy headed a great train of monks of the 'order of St. Benedict (hearing in their midst a banner recalling the " Vcxil- lum," which was borne by tho 'brethren in 597, when advancing to meet King Ethelbert of Kent), priors of the order, heads of Benedictine monasteries in England, with the Very Iter. Prior of Monte Cassino representing the right rov. archabbot, abbots of the order of St. Benedict, and two fathers representing the Itov. Canons Regular of the Lateran. Now camo a chaplain with the cross of tho -secular clergy, and with him also two acolytes, and then representatives of tho cathedral chapters of England, a hand who, coming after black-robcd Bonc- (lictincs, struck the eye with tho vivid contrast afforded by their blue and purple mozettas. two only of these canons wero in black cappas, being Benedictines from tho Newport Chapter. Following these camo tho archpriest of tho metropolitan church of Aries, delegated by his archbishop as the successor of St. Virgilus, Papal vicar in Gaul in tho timo of St. Augustine, to whom the Holy See especially com- mondod the missionaries ot' 597. '. Some prelates _ below episcopal rank came next, with the Vicar-general of South- wark and then n train of bisliops and archbishops iu cope, and mitre, each attended by his chaplain. The copes of tho_ bishops were very resplendent with their creamy silk heavily embroidered ,and embossed with gold.. The figures of the idove, symbolical of the Holy Ghost, and the pelican,, representative of affection for tlio iiock,' ' showed much variety of artistic treatment. After theso prelates caiuo a . subdeacon carrying the archepiscopal eross, tho subdeacon of tlio , mass (Canon O'llallaron, of Greenwich), tho deacon (Cuuon Keerns, - of Chelsea), the assistant (Canon Cithill, of Ports mouth), aud then Cardinal Vaughan, 'Archbishop of Westminster. Ho woro this '-jewelled mitriy 'and' was . miignifi- 'cently robod. Above tlio liiieu vost- meuts of a priest lio had tho' dalmatics of subdeacon ' and deacon, over these a chasuble of flue silk brocade, heavily .embroidered, and round his nock tho pallium, tho special gift of tho Holy See. Nature has favoured his eminence -with a tine physique, and as thus splen didly attired ho walked with stately gait and uplifted hand, motioning liis episco pal blessing to right und loft among tho throng, ho attracted . overy eye us a noble central figure in tho ceremony. When tho procession first moved off tho psalm of penitence, " Misororo," was recited. Then tho monks intoned tho antiphon, chosen by St., Augustine for their procession in Thunot 1,300 years ago. The chant to which it is set in Buucdietino choirs is of tho tenth century, aud the words arc adapted from the hook of Daniel, and were in uso liturgically in the ancient Coltio church. _ The anthem was followed by " The Litany of tho Saints," of which tho concluding versicles and prayers wero chanted at tho foot of the altar in tho large tent that had heenereotcd. Tho Cardinal Metropolitan of Eng land celebrated mass in this tont accord ing to tho pontifical rito. A choir of 40 Benedictine monks rendered the liturgy. With so large a body of prelates, the taking off and putting on of mitres by their attendant chaplains were conspicuous incidents in the cere mony. Tho _ act of adoration as the host and clmlico were elevated by tho cardinal archbishop formed an exceed ingly impressive spcotaole. The Cardinal Bishop of Autun loft his throne and ho wed himself bofore the altar. Reverence was dono by bishops, olergy, and luity in a silence only broken by the tinkle of the hell. After tho Mass thu Papal hone- diction was imparted to the congrega tion, and tho Pope's letter, whioh had , already been published, was read. The prayer for the Queen was sung by both choir and people, and then the Bishop of Newport delivercd.a discourso. The Te Douru and Thanksgiving colleots concluded the ceremony. Subsequently a luncheon was held at the Granville Hotel. In the ovening tho Bishop of Birmingham presided over n conference of tho Catholic . Truth Society. 