PUBLISHEKD EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY. TUESDAY, JUNE 29, 1897. THE speech with which His Excel lency the Governor, at the dictation iof hils, resionsible' Ministeris,"penid 'Parliament on Wednesday is ?rpacii cally` devoid of interest.-It consists of many words, which, when all that they indicate is expressed from them, mean virtually nothing. The last session of a Parlisment invariably is barren of important work, and on this occasion there is what amounts to an understanding that in tlie absence of the Premier on his patriotic visit to the old country there shall ba no contentious matter introduced by either Government or Opposition. The gentlemen to the left of the ~peaker, iu loyal obedience to this iuinderstand ing did not debate the address, the reply to which was adopted without discussion other than was constituted by some characteristic criticism from the Labor Corner. The grievance of this party appears to be that recent legis lation does not to the extent that was hoped for fetter individual liberty, destroy freedom of contract between employer and employed and make for the aggrandisement of the aris tocracy of labor that basks in Trades' Hall smiles at the, ex pense of the workers who have committed the crime 'of growing old and of being incapable of attaining uch'?erislti as younger and stronger men. 'The programme of the speech is for the most.part non-contentious- blttis not wholly so. Aill will agree that the mining industry should be stimulated and oncouraged,and all will rejoice that that industry has so greatly revived as to be fast assuming its old place. as the principal wealth creator of the colony. - Mr. Fosan, at the' Mines 'Department, is a live Minister, and had all his col leagues so good ,sa k'reiord to show, as he has it would be well with the Government. 3 :Th'e speech refers in orthodox and altogether un exceptionable terms to the producing initerests:, and to the importance of stimulating. and encouraging them. Nothiuig, of course, is .said as to the fiscal burdens bywhidc tjese~ interests are'handicapped, and no hint is given that there is to be relief forthe pro diicers.in the direction of either remo valorlightening of those burdens. But the Minister of Agriculture, speakinig through His' Excellency,,:makes pro mise of the.reh-ihtroduction of his Ex ported'Producer;Bill. This may be a yery.. harmless %;br : a very harmful measure according-sas :it .is framned, whilst there is apossibility, that moder ation' 'and wisdom may evolve some proposals from the adoption of whiclih excellent results to the export trade of the colony may accrue. -We.prefer not to anticipate the Minister or to criti cise his proposals in advance. We coi tent ourselves with expressing the hope that when the bill is being'framed the understanding recently arrived at with the Victorian Dairyleti's Asso ciation and the Factory' Managers' Association will be" loyally observed I and given full expression to and that, in the words of the Vice-Regal speech, the measure will be" designed and " dffective to provide such supervision S" over exportation as, wilhout. undue 1 " interference With honestprivate enter "prise, will afford to foreign buyers a " fair assurance of 'sustained quality " and condition of our natural produc " tions." We must confess to having our doubts on this point and to enter taming the fear that there will be C much in the bill to which those who I whilst most anxious that the good name of our trade in natural products should be preserved and 'the reputation of the products increased-are fully sensible of the dangers attendant upon over Governmental interference with trade will have to take serious exception. Tue question of federation naturally and rightly occupies a prominent, the most prominent, position in the speech, and the country at large will join with His Excellency and his Ministers in the hope that " the Convention, aided "also by the opinion of Parliainent in ," each colony, will ultimately resolve " upon a constitution acceptable to ".the people of Australia." This hope can, however, be realised only if the Parliaments of the several colonies the Parliament of this colony especially -exhibit a wise moderation in dealing with the draft bill, and approach in a spirit of compromise and sweet reason ableness the consideration and deter mination of the several vexed ques tions submitted to them. If the Convention fails, if the federation of the colonies is not accomplished on this occasion and is as a consequence put back perhaps for many years, it will be by reason of the unwise persis tence of the colonial Parliaments upon terms dictated on the one hand by apparent local interests and on the other by the claims of doctriCaire political opinions. The Convention itself is inclined to compromise-is inclined in other words to fulfil the mandate of its constituents and realise the desire of Aus tralia. If it retreats from that position it will be because of the perversity and unreasonableness of the local Parliaments,which if they are permitted to manifest themselves will undoubtedly have their dire ful effect upon the convention ists and their result in a con stitution certain to be rejected by a majority of the colonies. This will mean the failure of the federal movement, and the responsibility and disgrace of that failure will rest upon the Parliaments from which the motive of it will spring. It is, we suppose, useless to complain that the speech includes no reference to water law or charity law reform. If the Houses are to sit only until the end of August, there will certainly, after the federation debate, be little time left for the discussion of matters so de bateable as those mentioned It is nevertheless discreditable to the As sembly, and so Ministers as the leaders of the Assembly, that this Parliament should expire withoint so 'iiich as an hI effort having been made to place water h admihistration on a scientific and a equitable basis, or to constitute an approved system of charitable relief in I the colony. Under all the circum stances the sooner the session, from which nothing of importance in the way of domestic legislation can be hoped, and the Parliament, which has P outlived its possibilities of usefulness, are brought to an end, the better.: Oun the. fourth page will be found,.with other matter, reports of the meeting of the Arapiles' Shire Council, and of a public meeting to consider and. protest..against the proposal 'to close the Horsham to Noradjuha line of railway. SSheepowners have sufficient to contend with at present from the drought, which is costing them the lives of hundreds' of sheep and threatens to have a disastrous effect upon the coming lambing. There are, how ever, apparentlydilshonest apeople` about, who, b thet pculatiuons, would ad Ito these losses.) Di r? Daton;,, minager of4the Longerenong station, who has lost a large number of sheep owing to the prevailing barrenness of tie fields, complains that he has also been the victim, to a consideralde extent, of the mean thieves referred to. For a time they contented themselves with skin ning the dead animals and making off with the wool., The drought, however, appears in have do'e ;its work too slowly for them, and iatelythey hv?ve assisted if ,hy theni selves killing sheep and 'appropriating their skins. A certain amount of ingenuity has beeudisplayed; hy the thieves, who it is alleged, have deliberately put on dogs tti worry the flocks and have then,. dishonestly availed thenisel·es of the' :resuls ofk the depredations of' thesie.?'Mr:'' Dalton's neighbuo'sa, Mr. John Bushby especially,. have also been sufferers and they have, joined with him in endeavoring to sheet home the mean thefts to their perpetrators. As at result of the joint. detective efforts two mei,' Samuel Sherlock and Angus Tipping, who are alleged to have been carrying on the nefarious' business described above, were arrested on a clharge of th'' larceny of the wool of 35 sheep belonging to the Longere nong station. 'They were brought up at the Murtos Police Court on Friday 'and re manded to the Ararat gaol for a week. Sherlock, by a coincidence, is under sum noons to sppe.tr at the Horsham Police Court to answer an information charging htii with being thie owner of five unregis tired'dogs.' The men were found with si dray load of wool, and the constable has since discovered their camp in a secluded spot in the Grampiaus, with 2'0 skins of valuable sheep hidden in the heart of a tree not far away. The chairman of the Borough Trust (Cnm. Williams) and the mayor (Cr. Kenny) on Siturday met in conference the chairman of the Irrigation Trust (Cocm. Roche) and the secretary (Mr. Balton). and arranged that the supply of water through the stand pips at Church Hill should be continued at the pricseit price. 9d 'iagallon, up to the ist October. Mr. Williams then retires from ? office and does not care to bind hie trust e beyond that date. s The town clerk has becn advised thblt,out Sof the £2500 voted annuoally for the imn prov'ement alnd leautifying of the public parks and gardens' of the' colony, i'inder t mnunicipal ontrol, the borough council has g this year been allotted £34 2s 2d, in respect t- of the Horsham botanical gardens. • The Rev. T. 'J.' entley, B.A. the late a vicar of Horsham, who has been preferred Sin Port Faily,'?reiched his last sertous at 1,Sr. 'John's o' Sunday. tslnrintg anl' evening there were 'large 'congregations, e tite church in the evening being quite.full: li'. On both occasions interesting and eloquent. If discourses were' delivered, the sermon in t the evening Iseing paiticularly abIle and i_ effective.: It was liased uponi the Epistle of . St. Jitde, 20th verse to the end: "tlBut ye be: e loved, building up yourse.lves on your most d holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost. ......... Now unto hit that is able to keep you from lalling, and to present you faultless helfre tthe' presence of d his glory with exceeding joy. To tihe only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty. dotmilioin and power, both nowi and ever. Atmen." The preeacher 'referred feelingly to the facts that his ministry it, Horsham n wasdrawing to a close and that that was to the lastsermon' he would preach to them, as r' their minister. He exhorted themt to' be a true to their faith and to 'sioiv forth itfs ex Y cellence by their holy living, aind soletsnly -commended them tondt their spiritual and g material interests to the care of their God I- and Saviour Jesus Christ, the great head of to the whole church. The large congregation, \- which included Imany representatives of d other'denominatioiiis, 'was' .isiblyeffected' s by the preacher's earnest anmI eloquent words n and by the remembrance of the fact that y san highly giftedund greatlyesteesmeda pastor a was about to leave them.:" Yesterday morn. ing Mr. attnd Mrs. Bentle~ left· by? th'iiu for 0 Prt Fliry. Several inteinbers: of'i tlid con gregation attended ait th'e' tattidnli to bid them good-bye.. Tlhe Rev. J. Johnsotune, y who succeeds Mr. Beitley, will hIdintuteted e to his charge this eveosuin '''' t, A meeting of ratepsyers and others, held I at Jung Juong North; on Thursday evening, n affirmed the desirabiliiy of the abolition of d the Western '~VWiimeied. Irrigatsd n and n Water Supply Trust,' nid l?ei timsference e of its fi.ncialt ai~ ad ;initstatrat?le.erespopsi. o bilities, to ithe seireral 'shiire? councils coo The baaiks atdp.uiblis ol:bes.i,.iinlding the pot atn:d elegrph osics , oin Sroha,,, were closed .on Saturtlay, lbt otherwise the close of the Jubilee le ebration i wi?s nut omarked in the ton, . ? • . '· ''. ? ?: : At the Horahano i cttlse CCourt on I'triday, alessrs. Crump and Davey oltained an order, with 5s costs, for £19 l6ls Itt, gsods stip: plied, gisgint Etdovard Fllon r thsvay etss ployb, late of lia sham ?? h nos of Hill s'de.' -"Mesrs.! Twycross asd Williramiss'were Her friends.wil!te pleascd to learn t1it .Mrs. Eruest Koenig. of Vietis Eot, 'wvh lha;l .been prostratel with a severejattsck of diphtheria, has, under tihe treatment of lr. eCross, auliciently 're?b~ eri?jd to leave her Miss Morrison?? step das;tilhe of Mr. John Gillies. hod her leg; with: which she has had trouble for some time, successfully ampiutated by' Di. Crosi yesterday.' Ders. Young and Ritchlie were also in attendance. A man named Gange, from Kewell, was admitted to the Horsham District Hospital on Saturday, suffering fromt poisoning in his left hIand. Ho had cut hie htan sd and the cut had become poisoned. IL is hoped that the hand will yield to treatment and that it may be possible to save it. The four typhoitl cases in thle hospital are doing well. One of these patients, Miss Martha Sheriff, will be discharged tt.day. At t'te nmeting of the UsrGokt: dilway Coustruction' Trust lost week, Com. Beard movedl that a vote of Sthank hei accorded to Messrs. Brake atdl Shiels, M.L'., for their geecrouslabora in securing a r?I.-le of tihe trust's deposit receipt. Thists w atacoled by Cott. Jackman asd carried. Mir. Parr, veeteriuarysurgton, wlho stte mlontlhs silce wst unfortlltlite e'lollgh to have hisa hospital, in Wilsou Street, oppo. site the Tiimes offiEce, destroyed by fire, has re-opened the establishment in new i atdI commodiosan premises on the site of those destroyed. The new hospital is replete with every convenience for veterinary trest ment, including a largeand Well arraiged stable, in which the animals committed to his care may be warmly and comnfortabljy `s housed. There is also a good library, a well-appointed laboratory and a dispensary containing all the drugs necessary to the prosecution of hospital work. Mr. Parr has now well established himself in the conlt fidenco of district stock owners, and by the success of his treatment has proved himself to be a competent practitioner. The hos pital he has established will supply what en was really a want in the district and should coe be extensively used by stock owners. - cei Land boards will be held at Horsham t day and on the 13th July. W Johisna Gove has been appointed acting Co registrar of births and deaths at Neuarpur, st] in succession to James Hayden, resigned. be The Jubilee picnic committee met on vi Thursday evening. The business was, to a ,I large extent, formal, dealing with accounts. ,l Instead of selecting certain specially hard- pt working ladies and gentlemen and passing in votes of thanks to them, it was decided to ct comprehensively thank all who had in any ec way contributed to bring about the splendid ti success. d The House Committee of'the.Horshams pl District Hospital has accepted the following tl tenders (being the lowest in each case) for A 'provisions, etc., to the institution for the; C ensuing sixr months:z-lessrs. "Jones & a, McCanoG groceries, total £13 18s lid ; Ic Measras.Jones & McCann, tea at Is 6d per. is Ib.; Messrs.J.Langlands & Co., medical com-" tl forts, total £25 14s ; Mr. J. blitchell, bread' b at' 6id per `41b. loaf i Mr. F. 'Williams, d meat, beef 34d, mttoin 2jd, lega beef 6d h r eacli beef. sausages !3t, rump steak and f, tripe. 'd each per Ib.; drugs, Mr." ;R. h ElMMallin, total £62 10s 6d erfunerals. SIr. 8 Alf., Weight,l at £2 6s.6.1 each:. For the t position of gardener :and useful man there a were five applicants.i Mr:. Walter Keating a was appointed. b It is uderstood thati at a privato, meet ing, convened by circular, held at ,Kenny's' Hotel ois Saturday afternoon it was decided e by ainajority that l.r. Geo. Budey, J.P., s President of the WVinmtnera Shire; should.hel I requested to contest Horslam at the general; election;'and that Mr. Wm.lBunrgin, another t aspiran t, should be petitioned to withdraw t in Mr. liodey's ainterest This Mr. Burgi, a who Ihas been for oamen tion on the war- t e path, is not, it is believed, at, il:' inclined t to do. A dark horseb in the shape of an i outside candidate' is spoken rif, wvhilst'the t friends of the` bitting menber, Mr. Brake, I are confident that he wsill score au easy vie- I g tory. The 'Hamilton Spectator" has it on good authority that Mr. Thos. Skene will a not stand for Stawell as it was reported hei is would, libut, may contest another constitu d ency. f The value of sugar-gums foi'ahelter pur a poses ini the arid, treieless distriCitsof 'the colony ha long beeen :recognised. They are of rapid growth, and make good break t winds, but their .leaves hare now ,heen n, proved to be very useful usa folder during a season of ilrotight. ThOe pariitalof Lonecr. t nong Agricultural College has, ,written to the Council of Agricultural Edti:ation astit ing that, ten merino sheep hiv iduring the st past fortnighti been:! fed exclusively on the in foliage of this tree. rThe animals ate it` at readily, and maintaiined their strength, althologh exposedi to the .cold of- frosty nights. Cattle will,. he: says, also eat the leaves of the sugar- aguni.' ence in tines of drouSght farmers andl graziers might esacerifice shelter bolts, of these trees to feed theirl er tock. The sugariga'i sicnids forth strong, quick-growing suckers if cut down short. In this way a fresh supply off: foliage woutld not be long in coming inio existence. Anyting which wili:effectually preserve fruit must be regarded in these days of ex: portation aus exceiationally valuab'e. The. Minister of Agriculture has recived an intil maition ficm snoueof the Victorian 'delegates oh attending the fruit griowers' conference in Qn ueensland that a new method of preserving fruit in good condition hais been successfully tried in New` Sosth WVales. ' Fruit treated by it has been sent to Englantd, and thoughl st not subjected.to cool chaitnber; conveyancee arrived in London in excellent mlnditioti: tMr.' Taverner, has invited the discoverers of the preservatise to try some ex= of perinmentn in ' Melbourie w' ith Viictorian ty fruit ::aitl a ivill offer them" every facility. Any fruit, 'so treated, will be `shipped to SEgland,' when Mr. Sinclair., the Govern meat agenit, wilt take charge of it. NMessrs.aDlalitityBrst', of' isurtls, in= as vite' tetiders for ploughing 13q0, acres of as land. be A social iu, onnection wilh the. Federal x Football Club siill be held to morrow even ly uing. nd Mr. all, den tist, has' requested us to el state that lie regrets being disable to visit Horshamit in July, but will -'resume his visits as usual in August. ii ';: ' S tliessrsa' W. J.'. Miller anrid Co. announce af their stock-takihg sale commencing o0n .d Saturday.' .. s 'Thlie secretary of the Horshani District at Hospital desires to thankfully acknowledge or the receipt of hospital Sunday collections as follows :-Roman Catholic Chtirch,'per the ' Rei J.J O'Biien, £4 11s; Wesllcyan Church, per Mr. H. F. W. Kruger ,'£ 12s 5d; n- Presbjrteria? Ch?-eh;, per ir: I. M. Baird, id £ 2s; .Church of England, per Mr. Twy ,t cross, £0 1 Total, £11 5. . et (areatnsarprise was expressed at Dimboola on Saturday (says the "Age) at the arrest of i' wellkunowni resideot of Gera, g, Mr. Id Philmore and his son, on the sworn infor Sg mation of a neighbor naimed Jacob Storer, of on a clihark: of stealing sheep skins' valued ad at £7. " cc Accounts are awailitg pymenet at the Hursham Sui-Treasury for W. F. Allan. J. iMcClounan, Horsham- Hospital, Borsham, Borough Water Trust, Jones and M'Canu, It. MbcDonald, Natimuk, Rupanyup, Beulah, g (oroke, and Minyip Agricultural Societies.: P;a:ircels are at the Railway Station for' be Rogers,; May, Elliot, Baker, State'Schoo: "a?ngies A lurridge, the young ttarried wsmana- craiged' with 'setting fire toiilc ypreinises of Joseph Gill, at Elsternwick, whilst Gill and a friend were in thc' hous, Shas been cdnvicted and sentenced ti death. It is imiprobable that the seteneluce will, be caried out !David Miltos, a ,niner at Wedderburn, re \iho wss suspected by the public of having robbed his mate, has committed suicide by taking a dos?o of strychnine. " !ThOd staLrlisig of a co-op>eraiive'bakery at Coolgardic has bro ught the price of bread down fron Sd to 4d a loaf. Victor Grumby, a blacksmnith, of Henty, r N.S.W., was hunting a kangaroo when the animal took to the water. The man stripped and followed it, contracting acute Sinfla mmation of the lungs, from which he 0 has died. y Robert Baker. of Guildford, h:as been . committed for trial on a charge of crimiinal ly I assaulting his daughter, 11 years of age. a A boy named Donaldson, nine years of Sage, chlased a rabbit into a hole in a dy stone wallat.Otago. New Zealand, when a Sheavy boulder fell on his neck stud shoulder, e pinioning hint as in a vyce. Wihen extri- I t cated he was dead. t lthree shipwrecked stilors, survivors ofe .r tlhe schooner Magic, lost last month in the I. Tongan group of islandls, hive arrived in Sydney. A private iindividual oilers through the '"Argos" to contribute £200 pier annumtt Slsards thie coist of iaiutaiinog the R upertswolod hali-b'ttery of artillery, either as at artillery corps or light cavalryv troop, provided the remnainder of the oui r required, about f£1500 a year, is simtilrly raised. SMrs. Lewis, an oll womana living alone at IBirchip, was dlisuovered on Thursdlay with Sher head in the fire. Her cap and all the t hair and skiut were burned off heir head. I Si lelieved she fell anld stuned hertself Sagainst the fireplace and was burned whilst a insensible. S The detitl of .1iso Alice loyd is reported I at Bahursrt, N.S.WV., at an advanced age. 1 The deceased was the remainig daughter of I the chief of the Boyd family, and was an I uninterrupted lincel descendant fromt Lord 1 Boyd and his wife, Priuces' Mary, the a daughter of Jatmes II. of Scotlanld. 