CEilD lAHBIAtrE IH1QUITY. An Man Institution. A missionary of the Church of Eng- j land Zenana Society heard screams is- suing from a house in Krlshnager. She < n sired a man standing at the door , what was the matter. .It was only a little "bow" lately arrived In the zen ana. She asked permission to enter, and was led to the woman's apart ments. In the dim light she could just discern a small heap in the corner, and plaintive moans tolcl her that it was something living. She drew near and spoke, and a woe-begone face appear ed, be instantly hidden in terror at the sight of a falr-oomploxloned Eng lishwoman. By degrees the sound of a 'gentle voice speaking her own lan guage, and the sight of a scrap-book, inspired curiosity and confidence. The lieap became more and more animated as one picture after another was turn ed over before her eyes. "What made you scream?" the lady asked. "They beat me." the child replied, and she drew up her sari, and disclosed wales, which showed that she had had ample excuse. "Why did they beat you? " "Because I cried for my mother." And the face puckered afresh with the re collection of lost love and care. And now that the new friend, whose ten derness had dried her tears, must leave her, what should she do? Before go ing away the Englishwoman pleaded with her mother-in-law not to punish the young wife again for the same of fence. "It is so natural that a child should cry for her mother," she urged. A smile was the only response. This was the young bride's honeymoon, and it was not an uncommon begin ning of wedded life. The author ess, " A.L.O.E." — a missionary of the same soeiety in the Punjab— met with a little pupil the day after her ar rival in her husband's zenana. The child crept into her white-haired teach er's arms, her tearful face and heaving frame mutely appealing for sympathy and help. The gentle old lady held her in a loving embrace; but stronger arms wore needed to protect a young "bow" from oppressive custom. It is hard to find a bright side to the picture of zenana life. The weary monotony is seldom broken. Even domestic du ties are beneath the dignity of a very high oaste wife. She smokes, she sleeps, she chows, she plaits her hair, she counts licr jewels; at last she dies, without hope or comfort. "I shall spend all my life in this narrow room." said one wife bitterly: "then I shall die, and they will put me into a narrow grave, and that will be the end of mo." Another, who hnd begun to realise that there was a fair world outside the four walls of her prison, which she could en joy, If only she were allowed, looked, with liquid eyes Into the face of ai,J English lady visitor, a.-vl InTuiVotS, "Why are we so different from you? You are like that bird," she continued, pointing to a dove which flew past the window above her. "You are like that bird flying towards1 Heaven; we are like the same bird, shut up in a cage, with its wings clipped." Seven years ago a little girl of nine years old was seen on the parapet of a house in Bom bay. A policeman, noticing that she seemed Inclined to throw herself down ; into the street, entered, and found the | reason why her life had become too I heavy a burden to bear. Her husband, ! a man of 47, who had been already married fourteen times, HAD BOUGHT HER from her 'father for fourteen rupees a month. He had beaten her, and had threatened to kill her if she failed to untie a knot In his hair within five duys. The case was tried, but as there was not sufficient evidence to prove habitual cruelty was eventually dis missed. It was reported in the press with an Indignant protest against the "Child-marriage Iniquity." Imagina tion fills in the dark outlines of this picture with still darker shading, and traces in the background the ghost of fourteen miserable victims. It is easy to think of the young wife, her soft little fingers trembling and clumsy from fright, as she trios, on the pain of I death, to fulfil the task lior lord and protector has sot her. Perhaps the story of Bluebeard is as easy to credit. . 