1 ^BglWyDgeEHft ^ By: ADELINE J. WHITFELO. Actboi ot 'Dmble Ugly,' 'My L*dj',' ' Docle Turk,' and other vtorlci. CH1PTBB XVIII. (CONTtKUED).— THEBMT. Bbo rose mechanically, Dr. C'yde itooped ti pick op Thermy, and th^o again B^icog Kt:'« arm horrlei ber acrou tbe narrow tie, I. When tbey reiched the fe°c ? a dr(vtj cagor hail's were rea*1y to help tn m QT.r, aud then thi people orowde'l rouol witW words ol praiic opao th-ir lips for the bnra man who had rliked hti i.Ie to rare tboie of othe», and o£ ooDBratalaUon lor tht t-etcned. Once Ere raited her eyci In tbe direction ol tbe now die taut foe. The animal bad bii btckto the people, and wai nncailly ron nlog hit noae along tbe inrface raili of tbe boundary lenoe at the larthermoit end of tbe field. 11 Petult me to offer yon my nunt tincsre oongntvUtlons upon yoor mott proiirlenttal etcipe,uyde» UiH Anslow,' tald » imootb voice at hur elbow. Etc turned. Tbe ipeaker wai Oanon Doxey, io gloiay blick, loot tug oilier thin ever, us he held ont a plomp white hand. Bhe barely tinchei 1», with a mnrmnred wor 1 cf thanks ; bat the caoon wai not to be S3 eaiily repnlieJ. ' If only I bad bad the great good fortune to havt atrived nsT'ier od the scene, then pcrlmpBl ihould have the cxqnlaite pri*llfg* of being ^onr cro Jitor for that pikelets lrei(ur-, yoor Mr,' comlnned he In hie 8bc felt tbc influence of bis powcTfnl magDCtlc elanc: b-nt full upon her. and made an i $ -rt to r slat tbe time. 'I c;ull not wiih my pieeerver to be other than he i«,' ehe Ball. Ihe worJfl Biemei to have been ipok.n of ihenueWei, and rhe almost started as ehe beard them, and wah comslous that people were regard ing her with mingled curlotUy and amuge meet, wbUea flosb of annoyance had rlaea to there happened a rccarrcnceof that peculiar physical weakaen which Miti Aoslow bad prcTloujly BuB-trei npOD one known occasion, and upon othetg nnknown to tbe reader. That momentary creation of the heart's pulratlons, that fierce, do certain reoderloR of tltee&me;, agAia thit t mporarr jttUneEj, again those wild fluctuating throbs. UUu Analow preF6id her hand upon her bosom, while every trace of color left her face There was a fallen tree near, and upon thU Dr. Clyde ma-ic her sit, at tbe same time itupcriooely waving the well-meaning crowd on one side. The young lady had Bmralned a ncrfoue shock, he (old them, and needed Thermy stood near leaning on her crutch, and regarding Eve with her great wistful ays, while the canoe with ostentations care fanned her with his ekek-looking hat io the most elaborate manner poBBible, Somehow Thermy shrank from th-t imooth-voiced dence edged nearer and Dearer the doctor, till dose beside him. Presently one of tbe tiny bunds found its way into his strong, lithe fingers, and then Dr. Clyde looked aown smilingly upon ner. incrmy sain nothing, but tightened her bold with an In But now they were joined by Un Fenn, in a state of terrible agitation - She had run all tbe way round from tb« opposite Bide of the field, mtb the little Penns in ber rear and wai now breathleie &nd; in tear* Sac threw her arme round Thermy, and sobbed and gasped out her delight at her safety , and her sorrow for the neglect which bad im perilled the nme. It seemed that, tired with the unwanted exercise, and render.1 d dreamy by the balmy air. Mrs Penn bad fallen asleep in a sheltored nook in the proximity of the grassy Held, in Ignorance, she ansured her licar'-rs, of the dreadful tenant of that ficlii ? L- ft Io amuse herself, Th.'rmv had, though but slowly and pain fully, v-Atidcrcd a considerable distanca. In clinin she had not taken mucli note of her surroundings, and waa overwhelmed with lerfi-iu rieecrylog the grrat faltck bull rapHly approaching her. Being qnciiioncd as to how sho. munnfifd to monnt tbc f «nce, she smiled ciyly and confused to havlrg cmwled undemra'h tt, and to htvi'g dragged ber orotch aftrr hir. Torcine f'm Thermy Mm Penn next greyed Mis- Asalov with mant- deminitra t'oia of affection and gra'itmle for wh»t she termed he r ' h- roic csndoc,' a-ad then the aidreiaed Dr. Clyde. ?' As for yon, sir, no wirdi cm 'zprres my fpello^a rrgardiff yoar caaragc and cnselfiflbn.w. But for yau'gKlltnt rescue of my darling child anJ bslovol friend. Tbero wonl i have been enacted a trrribte tragedy.' At Ihll point Mrs Penn'e feelirgs overcame ber anew, aid, feeling that tbey were] dne to tbe oucnijion, Dae perm 1 1 lea our lvhtd to uow freely. ' Pardon me, madam,' began Oanon Daxey in hit most pcrsnasWe tones, 'bnt ia my position bi a mlnliter. one ot God's mri sesgers, I feel called upon to re ml ad you tbat while awarding what yon deem a jn»t meed of praise to the instrument of fits siyIdr presence, you mutt not fall lo ofiVr thankiniTing tn an all-wise Providence, who hat watched over and protected from icjon two of his faitbfnl servants thii dar. I tb&t; be bad seen fit to make me 'the choten, though humble means of demo nitrating Hia flow of oloqa-nce, and then the said humbl? : ' It li ai yon i»y, mist reverend sir,' Upon this concession being m»df, ihe canon ba- came very gtaclou*, end, iotroduring hlm i;ll to Mn Ponn (li'Ci neither Dr. Olyde n-r Mlu Anslow teemed locUaed to do U for hlmD. he very soon by bit lmlnnntlng that lady's good opinion, and ae they parted at tbe little station tbe wily uboh rrcclTed an Invitation to Ura Penn'a house, which it ia needless to say he readily accepted. While Canon Duxty ba«ied himself in cul- iva'ing the acnuaintanc -. of Mrs Penn Dr. Civile BL'Kc.1 Diu opportunity to make a health. Blic looked 'locale, n^ rlmarlcal! eq llitii, loo, what did it all mean 7 With (he ghost of a emilc on hrr wan face elio cva -c-) Iiib qncs'ions. anil presently rut-ret] to offer her tUankH fot what he hal done for her that day. But at the stereo* typed phros? which Jeft her lips, auch a look of mingled pain and aversion came into hU face that she paused, unable to proceed. Then hurriedly he took up the conversation, La] king in a rapid uncertain atyJc upon all manner of ordinary subjects. Once, but only oner, dilshe witness a return of that unwunica expression in ta« doctors niue e es. There bad be?n a silence of a Sew momenta, which Eve brake by onying tremulously, ?' I have h'ftf'd of the great good fortune which hu come to you. Let Dr. Clvdc turned then and looked at her. 1 And do you think,' he asked Blon-ly, ' that I am a til subject, for congratulation 7' ''The ce(A(c lias ft.! ion ioto tbc right handB,' Eve said quickly. 'Possibly it hna,' eaid the doctor drily, and then the subject was allowed to drop. Chapped XIX.— Cosclvewb. Spring wai long past, a hot dry summer Ing the green leaves into bits of gold nounced to the youthful Penm that their tc&cher; wai ill, and that they were to have a holiday in consequence of the same. The Httle onet were B3rry that Uiss A -i Blow was ill, bnt wore nothing loth to accept the holiday, and at once ma-la pTtpa.rAt.ona for spending It tn a oertaln greeo tield, or reserve, in which many trees still BlooJ, at do great dUtanoe from tbu Eve Anslow had the appearance of one In tho lArsl etacc of a scrlouB iUoees. D&rk; clrclee round her heavy eyes made thttu oDnBua'l.v hoUow'looklag, wblle her bead bcLjcI with an intenaity fearfnl to experi Mrp. P-:nn ran fosaUy in and out of of hu'r or her mudiclDcs, Pood w»b iiii it away in evident loathing. When evon ing drew near, her pain and dlKOmfori iocnaacd, and a weary, restless night succeeded. alarmed at Miss Anelow's appearance that ?ho despatched Horatio for tbc family pbjBiolaa, Bo came, a kind -looking, whit haired old man. He looked at his new pbticnt, he placed his band npoa her burn inp forehead he felt her throbbing pulse. VrovnUy, Bvc raised her lanKuii lids, and looked at him indifferently. Bhc did not riJiDcinlier lo have Been him before; but. it cIoKi^abe fell into a fltf ul doee.' °J CB The doctor softly left tbc room. In the 11 Whatever is tht; matter with her, doctor 1 Anything serious, do von think? Any danger of infection 7' Ehe asked in a lireaLb. ''Mrs I'enn,' replied tbe.iioctor, gr&vely;, ' M«bb Anslow is very ill. She in suffering from typhoid f. vcr, and wi;j n-qaire Hie utroo.t caie. Or 1 fear— — ' anO hi shook hia bijad. Mrs l'cnn'B rudily fnee paled. 'GraclouB, doctor, bow terrible I'1 ' Ve«, raa'atn. J rtgret to May 'tis a eerioae case You muBt send the children out of noise here,' ' °y 'I have a &iEtcr; in the country. Rhc would take them/' said Mn Fenn, refiec Livclr. -AJlie tooner the better,' saii the doctori ' ?X£a li the youDg lady hu a mother, tend tor her at once.' ' I will,11 replied lln Peon, « and for one ofhersbters.ioo.' -- A telegram was scat to Mr» Antlow, tmt when the and one ot her daughters arrived leve was too 111 to be able to greet them with more than a passing glance of recog nition exesbe sa.uk Into a si'tnl unconscious s ale, a condition that lasted for many hours. At tim» tbe fever ran high, and then the sick girl U*idd deliriously In her sleep, muttering and moaning io herself- At buch Umts Bhe would occasionally otartle her Duraei by Boddtsly adurtflsing them nndtr tbc luiJ.eMiontfaftbtbtij were itTaagcn, or again tbat sundry of ber trlendt «uwd by her. A period of ?cniibllity wonld than perhaps eoiae, or aho wonld link into -a. deeper sleep and lie quiet. Bat ber Hreng.h wai rapidly being txhanstcd by tbe con tinned (CTer, and tbe old doctor grew graver each soeceodisg rliir, »nd thofr Wa head anbtoutlf whtn anrioaily qaeationed; Once when leaTlog tbe boue be encoun tered Oanon Doxev, Uogirint on the' door ttep with the hops ot baltg »ble to gain ume newi ot Miss Anslow's sute. The canon's f aee betrayed genuine agtta Uon ai be lntorrogated the medical man, who pitying his evident alArm, replied a* gently si poulblo, ' We aro doing all we oan to save ber, bat' ? glancing at tbe other's clerical garb ? 'Bhe ia In God's oaodt. P/»y tb*t be mty «paro ber.' Omod Doxey grew sick wlib appreben bc had ever ixperleDoed, vu bis love for Eve Anslow. He bad «tr(vcB to win ber affec.ioo out of tbe more deslro to exercise his power of subjugating human hcarla, he had ended in becoming madly enamoured of ber himself. Dp an tbe aiigatest pretext of which be could av»U himself , he had con trived to vhit at Mrs Penn'a house, oetenbl bly ts cultivate the acquaintance of hU tost and bosleas, In reality to ingratiate htmee1! in the favor of the woman he love 3. With sublety of a designing nature he had par tU'ly erecieded, luomuch tbat ble vltl'e were not regarded as noplcamot by M:a* Atls.ow, coming as they did, as breaks in th-; moaotonr ol the uneventful life the led a* teacher to the little Peons. A week had passed, and Miss Analog's corditloj gave rise to ihe gravest apptehen Upon one occasion her mother had sag gt'Bfnl the advaabllity of having Dr. Clyde to hold a consultation with tbe doc 'or who wan in attendance, bat Kvc had become bo violently agitated and alarmed at the bare suggesfon tbat tbe idea had to be aban doned at once, and a promise made to the sick girl to that effect. Sometimes, however, ? terribly wistful expreiiion woold come in'o ber face, but though tbey questioned her anxiously as to too, an (tod ted tears would steal down her pallid checks, orglUten in tbe dark hollows round he/ heavy eyes, waiting for a hard strong enough to wipe them away ; mill no aign wou?d she give of tbe secret longing that brought tnem in re. ilnut this time Canon Dax-y, after Ions and tamest bol V.itat iona to tbat effect, was plowed (o cn'.er the sick room. Anxtety bad brought many n:w linen Into his emooth face, and here and there grey touches were visible lo bU dark, glvsybair. He ap proached the Bick bed noiBcleflsIv. bending I0C7 over the emaeiated form whose dim outlines showed faintly beneath the cover let, Hia powerful gace no longer triumphant, bu. fraught with Badness now. fell upon that a-h»-n pale face wl h its dark lashes motion lesi Presently Ere stirred slightly aid moaned ncx' abe opened her eyes, and arw tbe canon's altered face near ber. A Inok almost of Iw.thiDg filled ber face, and with a sudden acces'lon of strength she tour mure1, ' Go sway, Ob, go away.' Tbc canon did so vlthout a wort, Tbc iron had entered his aoul. Be looked like a nan stricken with a sudden and lerrible blow. Hia blanch A face was no leas white than that which lay on tbc pillow. He lef t th* room and 'he bouse in silence, and be went back to his parish and bis work an al tereiJ man* After that Eve aank rapidly, until at last there eame s terrible moment. In which the doctor told them In a f-*w words thvt no hope remained, »M then there was no bine n-ore to do tban to wait for the end. It was tn the gloaming of a bright autumn dny that the end eatse. Jos* as the lift-fat of tbe son merprd Into tbe rbidowy dark nets of the night there waa s slight move ment, a lingering, long drawn i*gh,t. sadden n-H»nce tell npoa the attenuated features, sad that w« all. In one of the rooms of Heythorpe Hall which bai been set apart for hU individnal a«e i*t Dr. OJyd*. It waa forolthed as a fltndv, and the table waa strrwn with o»pera and letters, Tbe doctor waa slnni*, gazing with a meditative and somewhat saddened at r into the fire, which tbe ferity atmosphere' had ringed neoessary. Suddenly by some subtle ioatioct he realised that he waa no alone, and glanced up with tbe expectation of seeing tost someone bad entered tht room. Next be smiled at bis own folly, remembering; tbat he bad locked the door. But even »s he did s--, a low, sobbing sisb met his ear, and he started and turned in the direction whence the siund came, flee ing nothing he composed himself to ltaten, when all at once tb're came to him tbeee words : ' I have come back. Oh, I have oome faaok to tell yon yon were right, and I wai wrong.' He did not actually bear them said, but so strongly were they lm* pressed npon. bis mind that all donbta that tbey were the frnlts of imagination were st otce dismissed. Instlaetlvcly be knew what bad happened, from whom those iQrriwfnl words had come, (To be Concluded Next Wednesday.) 