; T H E G H O S T O F RO'CKY i i i l l . In the quaint old town of Rockwood, in the neighbourhood of Rocky Hill, stood an ancient farmhouse. An observing traveller might have asked if, indeed, there was anything else in the town but ancient farm houses, and this particular dwelling differed but little in appearance fro m its neighbours. The prominent feature of this noted spot was not ita antiquity, but its ghost. The ghost of Rocky Iiill " was no shoitlivid delusion, but as charmingly defiant of investigation as the most iuviterate lovc-r of gl.ost lore could have wished. In fact, the old house, build before the invasion of the British, would scarce have inspired a passing thought but for the occasional manifestation of it-i time-honoured spectre. For years it had struck terror to I he hearts < f the supei stitious and excited the curiosity of non-believers. It was a peaceable spectacle,and seldom varied the order of its visitation, consequently tile Lou-o could Loast of a long list of tenants, some of whom bM.l ht iuetl to establish its notoriety quite as much as the wraith itself. There were rumours that the house bad once ketu a rendezveus for the Biiti.sh in the troublous days of '70, and that murder had been committed within its walls. Later, it bad been tenanted by a .second Biucbcv.rd, whose ti.ree wives had succeeded each otherin suffering from Irs brutality and finally become insane, and terrifying the neighbours till even the ghost sank into oblivion. But Bluebeart eventually went the way of all the earth,and the old house was occupied from time to time by the credulous, who lied in terror from its unaccountable r.oises, aud the incredulous, who resolutely ignored what they could not explain, an 1 stout-y refused to believe in the supernatural. The most sceptical, however, when pressed for an opinion, were obliged to admit that there wis something queer about the place. To a few facts rumour h?.d added many reports, until it was impossible to ascertain which were false and which were true. Dcors wero sai.i to open and shut without the aid of hands. Heavy bodies were rolled from one room to another. Barrels bumped their way down the stairs. Tinware rattled, »s it" falling to the floor. The clanking of massive chains occasionally echoed through the house. The print of a bloody hand appeared upon the wall Doleful moanings were sometimes heard. Strange to say, people seldom agreed in locating the noises. One would positively declare that they came from the cellar, while another with equal assurance asserted that they came from the garret. Thus things had gone on from year to year, till at last superstition, time, and decay had done their work, and tho house stood empty. About that time, Silas Pain's wife resolved to replenish tho fain'ly puise by taking summer boarders. Silas was a worthy farmer who lived in the heart of the wood, alout two miles from the haunted house ; tho very last place one would have thought that a rich man would have clnsen as a summer resort for his daughters ; but one hot day in June, Dora and Cora Hayes, twin daughters of a Boston merchant, arrived, bag and baggage, at the Paiu farm, and were welcomed by the worthy ccuplo who lived there with much good-natured bustle, and many injunctions to make themselves cmirely at home. Tb« girls ware delighted with their new quartet's, aud indu'ged in all sorts of rhapsodies ovsr the rambling old house. 1 xou know,' 7 said Dora, after one of those bursts of ecstacy, " papa sent us out here so •hat -.•;•„ could run wild this summer, aud this is darling place iu which to hide away from "ociety ".'' Aunt Sally pinched her rosy cheek, *r,d told her to run wild to her heart's content. And run wild sho certainly did. One day the girls v are . .r 'h-';- brough tl e • ai ot n :.j:y • .idw. \- to an open dghw-jy. " I wonder -.rboie ;.uis road leads to Cor a remarked, as she peered down the dusty c u t path. " I don't remember seeing that place before," pointing towards a dilapidated house. " Nor I," answered Dora. " Let's go and ascertain what it looks like." " It's empty, as sure as you live," answered Cora, a moment later, as she peeped cautii usly through a broken window light. Just then a shadow fell acros? the path,and tho girls looked up to see the sun disappear iu a big, black cloud. " Oh, dear ! It's going t J lain, aud mercy knows how far wa are from home 1 What shall we do, Dora ?" Her sister closely scanned the heavens before fhe replied : It isn't going to be much. Let's try to apen this window—I'm just wild to see the inside of this old coop. The rain will be a good excuse for house-breaking," she added, with a meirj laugh. By the time they had succeeded in forcing an entiance the rain was falling in large drops. The girls paused a moment to watch it patttr f gainst the panes, and then began to explore the empty rooms. They had hardly reached the second floor, however, when a heavy clap of thunder caused them to return to the window, where they stood and gazed anxiously out at the pouring rain. The black cloud was fast increasing, and the wind biew fuiiously. " Oh, dear !'' exclaimed Cora, thoroughly frightened. " Just hear that awful thunder ! 1 wish we had III 1'e." gone home instead of coming " Don't bo a ROose, Cora ! We should have been drenched through. We must make the best of the situation. The raiu will soon hold up." But the moments dragged along and the storm did nut ab.te; on tho contrary, it in«! creased until it teemed as if the incessant: crash of thumb r would r<nd the very earth. Dumb with ti rror thcciils crouched in a dark corner of the room and bid their faces in their In-mis to shut out the glare of the lightniijgj Suddenly they sprain: to their reet,exclaiming—» " What was that r" i'loni seme part of the house had ceme a crashii g sound, as if hea'.y chains rattled together. F< r a moment the giil.s rtared at one another in blank horror. Like a •! di it dawned upon their minds that this w; the haunted bouse of which they Lad often he aid Aunt Sally fpeidc. " Cotr.e whispered Dora, dra'L'ing her shivering sister towards the window ; " this is awful ! We must go at once." As she spoke the whole artillery of tho heavens seemed to burst directlv overhead • a terrific crpsh from some region below followed, and the obi hou-o cpuvrred in evtry timber. With a wild scream the girls threw up the sash and leaped fr< m the'.vimioiv. Halt an houi 1 iter they stag-ered into U.e Paiu kitchen, limp and exhausted. "You poor (bars !" exclaimed Aunt Sallv, as she gazed at their blanched facer,. " The storm has frightened you out of your '-ruses wherever have you be en all this timer Bu! there—don't stop to talk until you have cbnngoc ycur clothes and drunk some hot ginger tea." When the girls had recover; d from the 12 fright they rehearsed their adventure to Aunt Sully, who listened e;>gealy. When tho storj was ended she drew a loeg breath, and remarked that there was something inighiy curious about that hou-e, and she heped the old thing was shook clean off its foundation, though she didn't supposs anything short of I ire would settle that ghost, anyho-.v. But the haunted house still loomed on tr,3 brow of the hill the next morning, v. lunSila; Pain drove around to inspect the plate, upon which its absent owner had requested him tv have an e. POINTS IX A WIFE. A certain sort of talent, says Robert Loui» Stevenson is almost indispeusable for peoplaj who would spend years together and net here themselves to death. But the talent, like tho agreement, must be fer aoel about life. To dweli happily together, they must be versed irt the niceties of the heart, and born with ai faculty for willing compromise. The woman! must be talented as a woman, and it will not matter much although she is talented in nothing else. She must know her metier de femine, and have a fine touch for the rduetioDS. And it is more important that a person should be a geoJ gossip, and talk pleasantly and smartly of common friends and the thousand and one nothings of the elay and hour than that she should speak with the tongues of men and angels ; for a while together by the fire happens more frequently in marriage than the presence of disliugishcd foreigner to dir ner. 