THE CITY OF THE SEVEN HILLS. (by alice musicett.) I. Glimpses ot snowy mountains with the dawn flushing their peaks. Rushing torrents bor dered with sombre larches and firs. Dark tun nels that seemed endless, with glorious bursts ol sunshino as we issued from them. Fer tile country smiling under spring's first touches. A long night with innumerable tunnels, alternat ing with flashes of a moonlit sea breaking on the shore. Then, at last, sunrise on the Campagna, a grey aqueduct stretching across the shadowy plain, a keen cold breeze, and this was imperial Itome. .This was my first Italian city, and I was eager to discover If It lagged far behind my precon ceived ideas. It did not; everything appeared in its proper place. Picturesque beggars, in peasant's dress, or repulsive beggars with had eyes and horrible deformities met you at every turn, and pestered and worried you almost be yond endurance. Tiny tottering babies clung to your baud and cried for soldi. "Very hungry, mother dead," was the inevitable cry, even al though the mother stood at their side urging them on. Flower girls, who asked you four times too much for their wares, are waiting for you on the steps of the churches, before the doors of which really do hang heavy leathern curtains, as Marlon Crawford always describes in his novels. You wili remember how his heroine invariably "push ed aside the heavy curtain and entered the in cense-laden church" somewhere about the climax of the story. On the steps of the Piazza dl Spagna the artists' models lounge ir. the sun, with true "dolce far nleute," conventionally careless, just as Dic kens desctibed them more thati twenty years ago. There is the brigand model, and the saint model, and the domestic happiness model, and, supreme among tliem all, the Patriarch model, with his benevolent eye well on the watch for ccppers, his venerable white locks flowing over his delightfully worn brown cloak, and his aged form bent, but not too bent, on his knobby staff. They were all there, till the Piazza seemed like I'olarossi's courtyard in Paris on a long succes sion of Mondays. In this same piazza, to add to its beauty, was a sparkling, splashing foun tain, and round its brink congregate tbu men with their flowers, in huge baskets or else just flung on the pavement, in great heaps and musses of color. Golden daffodils, scarlet poppies, blue anemones, parl-cotored tulips, armfuis ot prim roses and violets, and roses of every shade. But it was hot. cruelly hot. The wide- spreading vista of wbitfe houses and red roofs, the dome of St. Peter's In the distance quivered In the pitiless heat. The small cobble stones with which the streets are paved wrung your feet, and made walk ing a daily penance; and such dusty streets they were. Sometimes they made a pretence at water ing them, but it was so palpable a pretence that it would not impose on a child. They were pic turesque enough, theso same steep hot streets, and fascinating too, with their jewellers' windows uud curiosity shops filled with bronze and mosaic, marble and gold, while the vegetable shops were a perpetual joy. Such bouncing melons and glistening onions, strings of vermilion tomatoes and yellow oranges. Then tho oil and wine shops, with their wicker-hound flasks, stoppered wtth a rollcd-up vine leaf. The confectioners' shops, on the contrary, were deadly dull after Parisian -ones; the only delicacy I met In Rome was martozzi, which, after all, were only English buns under another name, but very good. The butchers' shops, also, you hurried by, if you wished to retain your appetite. Weird beasts hung there; in particular I was haunted by what looked exactly like a familiar black French poodle, hut which they assured me was kid. I trust it was. Then, to brighten the streets, came strings of young priests from one of the seminaries, in biack and scarlet or blue and purple, with broad- brimmed hats shading their pale studious faces. Or some sweet-faced sisters of charity, or, as a contrast, a peasant lounged along, his soft hat down over ills eyes, and his dark cloak flung over his shoulder, in an incomparably graceful manner. These cloaks are lined with green that sun and rain tones from its pristine crude- ntus to the loveliest, softest color in the world. Then a patient, heavily laden little donkey trots past, never quickening his pace, however much ilio driver prods him, or however urgently he utters his short exclamatory "Ah," so radically different from the soft French intonation. The drivers of the fiacres do their best to add to tho scene, with their huge umbrellas of scar let, yellow, or green. Let there be the slight est suspicion of a drop of rain, and coachy' has tens to unfurl his little tent and iix It in some mysterious fashion over himself. Turning a sharp corner, you come unexpected ly on to a piazza, nearly always with a fountain bubbling in tlie centre, and its usual concomi tants of flower sellers, refreshing tlieir baskets under its spray, and the fringe ot little beggars lounging on the brink. Chief among the foun tains is that of Trevl, for whoso drinketh of It before he leaves Rome will one day find himself again In the great city. So we drank here from the hollows of our hands, and threw our soldi into the flashing waters to make the charm se cure, longing, in spite of all our complaints, to come again. Then, briskly stepping out, come such won derful officers in sky-blue cloaks, flung over their shoulders like the peasants, and such fierce moustaches. The crack regiment is the Ber- saglleri, in dark blue with crimson facings, and large round hats with a plume of cocks' fea thers, worn quite on one side. They admire themselves very much indeed, hut then so does everyone else. They come from the north of Italy, and are remarkable for always charging at lite double; so it was a sight to see them at the review on the King's birthday as they came thiough the Piazza and saluted their kingly llumberto and his beautiful Margharita. The King and Queeu drive every afternoon in the I incio Gardens, hut since the attempt 011 tho King's life he never drives with the Queen, lest ar, other attempt bo made and she be hurt. So they drive In separate carriages, ho very quietly, she with outriders in brilliant scarlet. Tho first time I saw them was in the gardens at sun set, with the city of Rome stretched in a glow ing panorama beneath us. Tlie two royal car riages met just In front of tho hand, so the National Anthem rang out as the white-haired, stern-fuced King saluted the Queen. He is not popular just now; tho trouble in Abyssinia anil tlie heavy loss of men and olllcers are laid to his charge; so the crowd, even on his birthday, re ceived him in silence. Physically and mentally, Rome demands your all. Imperial still, she cares not whether you live or die, so long as you how the knee before Iter. She is so overwhelming, she holds so much In her boundaries. There are Pagan Rome, Chris tian Rome, Historical Rome, and Artistic Rome. You must have the history of all tho saints and artists, popes and emperors, at your finger tipS; you must be well acquainted with architecture and have a clear Idea ot all the Italian schools of painting; must have fair knowledge of what authors and poets have said of Rome; you should know Latin, and at least be able to smile cotu- prcliendingly when Dante Is quoted to you. With out these data, you grow confused. I grew con fused. Every time you onter a church, the change from the hot sunshino to tho icy cold In terior, with marble above and beneath, strikes a chill that no amount of extra wraps will counter act. The long galleries in the Vatican and Capi tol aro the same; never warmed, they seem, the abode of Hans Anderson's "Ico Maiden." Tho dust of the byegone kings and emperors seems to rise in the air and choke one; tho ground, saturated as it has been with innocent blood, sends up a vapor that Is not good for living beings to breathe. The ghosts that, still crying for ven geance, walk in the older parts of the city, crowd on the passer-by, and scarce give him elbow- room. Then, after sunset, an invidious chill creeps up, and a white, beautiful, deadly mist rises from the Campagna. I used to watch it from my win dow wreathing up into strange forms in the distance. Rome is beautiful, hut with nn awful beauty that m<jkes you shudder at tho thought of what lies hidden beneath. Rome is a city that seems almost given, over to the forestieri — that is, the strangers. English faces meet you at every turn. "The ancient of the Caesars, the august fames of the popes . . . are all mapped out and. arranged for English diversion." So wrote Thackeray, and it Is still truer now than it was then. I have scoffed at tourists many times, but never did I see them In their pristine glory till I came to Italy. They, all wear exactly the same hats; they are mostly wonzen. If there be a man in the party, he reads loudjy'from his guide-book to an admiring circle. They have a peculiar, strained look in their eyes that there is no mistaking. They flock to the Piazza di Spagna, und speak loudly to the na tives in English, in hope of malting them under stand, and they worry the long-suffering clerks in "Cook's" with the most idiotic ot questions. Every morning at breakfast in the hotel they re late their plans for tho day, what they aro going to do; at dinner they relate what they have done; later in tho evening you can seo them fn tho salon, showing one another photos, they havo bought and the curios they havo bargained for, or they compare guides and maps. You can see them— that is. If you are courageous enough to venturo in among them— I never was. They say Michael Angelo's Sybils in the Vatican aro "nice," and Guido Rene's "St. Michael" is "ele gant," and I have been told ot a couple who debated calmly if Botlcelli was a wine or a cheese; but I doubt this. One tiling I do know— that, when we drove quietly to tho Coliseum one bril liant moonlight night, we found tho tourists mounted on bicycles, riding round and round tho arena, yelling and shouting like any barba rians at play. However, the Italians class us al together as forestieri. Perhaps ono of tho happiest days I had whilst in Romo was ono spent outside the walls (if I may be permitted such a contradictory expres sion) at Hadrian's Villa and Tivoll. But it was such a treat to get into the country, and feel the first joys ot spring after a long winter, and make ray first acquaintance with Italian landscape be fore I had had time to sink under the demands Rome made on mind and body. We started very early in tho morning, and after a rather tedious ride of two hours and a half across the Cam pagna in a steam tram found ourselves at tlio Villa, which the great Emperor built as a plea sure house. It occupies an area of 170 acres, and is a marvel of atehitecture and landscape gardening. To dif ferent parts of the grounds Hadrian gave names of celebrated buildings and localities, as the Lyceum, the Academy, the Vale of Tempe, etc. Not till the 16th century were excavations begun, and since then the ruins have yielded many trea sures of sculpture now in the Vatican and Capi tol. Such a glorious landscape it was! Stately silver, soft-foliaged olives stretching in shady groves on either side of the road; further away, cypresses and stone pines standing almost black against the sky. The two latter trees aro pre eminently characteristic of Ttaly, and are beauti fully decorative with their big masses and quaint shapes. "Shut umbrellas and open umbrellas," I heard a bright little American call them, and her simile gives the best idea of their forms. i11 the distance are the blue Appenines; underfoot, blue and white anemones, periwinkles, and vio lets dark as purple of night. Emerald-green lizards with diamond eyes glide along the stones in the hot sunshine, and such a sky above, like nothing in the world but our own Australian canopy. Why is it, I wonder, that in Italy there are so many more blue flowers than anywhere else? Besides tho anemones, periwinkles, and violets, is the iris, ranging from palest blue to a royal color, only a thought less deep than the violets. Is Italian earth trying to outvie Italian skies in a friendly rivalry? Such a hush was over everything that sunny spring morning, only broken by the song of the birds. And hero wo came — a flock of busy tour ists — to classify all things, to frighten away tlie birds and lizards, and to pluck the poor flowers. It was more like a little colony than a villa. Threo theatres, a natatorium, a library, a basi lica, buildings for tho slaves, guest-chambers, and an arena for tho gladiators — all hare to tho sky, hut with wonderful mosaic pavements, as fresh as tho day they were laid down. These pavc-ments are kept carefully covered with gravel, which the caretaker brushes aside to show you the mosaic underneath. But the most wonderful thing to my eyes was the Stoa Poeclle, an imitation of the Painted Porch at Athens. A long avenuo of cypresses led to a huge colonnade surrounding a garden with a fountain in the centre; a wall 220 yards long hounded this 011 the north, with 0 wide doorway Just opposite the entrance to tho avenue. This wail runs due oast and west, so that the arcades on one side are always sunny, and on the other shady, and here the philosophers walked and talked. The wonderful effect ot this wall and its band of shadow, the brilliant sunlight, and the gloomy cypress trees, was indescribable. Is there not something touch ing in Hadrian returning home from his travels, and building those memorials of what had struck him most? I like his calling tho hills and val leys by the Greek names; I like to think of him coming at sunset on to a terrace that overlooks the vale of Tempe, and gazing at the hills grow ing a deeper and deeper purple against the rosy sky. After the villa came a short tramway journey, and we were at Tivoll, and, strolling leisurely through the quaint streets, we come to the cele brated cascades. The River Anio, just before it comes to tho falls, goes rushing right through the town in a narrow, rock defile, with the houses overhanging the water. It must ho curious to live night and day in the midst ot that roar and rush, and tho constant vibration caused by the falling water. After wandering along the steep paths by the side of the torrent, we finally reached the little inn of Sibilla, in whose grounds stands an ancient circular temple of the Sybil. Hero a terrace overhangs tho river, foaming far below us, and veiled In spray mist, and here we sat and drank blnck coffee, while we listened to a hand of strolling musicians. A white- haired old man, who might he Noah or Moses, or any of the patriarchs, hut who, for tlie nonce, played on the violin; a fair- haired child in blue, calm and serene, absorbed in her zither; and an older child, dark-haired, with restless flashing eyos, and a brillant geranium scarf round her shoulders, who played tlie banjo, composed the band. From Tivoli, high as it was among the hills, we got a wonderful view of the seallko Campagna, with a small excrescence on the hori zon that meant St. Peter's. The Campagna is just like a sea; whether it he some peculiar refraction of light, I do not know, hut it rises and falls in long swells and shimmers like the ocean — sometimes one almost fancies one sees the long rollers breaking on the shore. 