t) ? '- ; '' — — , ? THE GHOST'S ;,EYES. -? ? Mrs. Roljort Livingstono was a woman of suporb dignity. Yet any one of her city friends would scarcely Have recognised hor irf the rather clumsy figure running and stumbling up .the rough casou road that led from tho loner bean ileld to the ranch-house,-' Her blaok skirts' ? were not held up, but allowed to trail :a'- little and catch the fine dust and tar-weed stain' as ahe hurried on. Nothing' of trifling importance could have forced Mary Livingitono thus fir to forgot her eleirant self, even aluno izi a.' canon. The fog was coming up from the sea' and elpwly closing in and deepening tho shadows of \- the gorge. It Was already lite twilight, and the loneliness and gloom of the place tortured her over-tcuBo norvos. A. little owl flew with a shrill'scri-amover her head, and she screamed with it. A belated ground- squirrel rustled in the underbrush up the bank, and she felt that all the terrors of the' jungle were upon her. A sharp turn in the trail brought her at last in view of tho house, and the welcomo glimmer of a light gavti her a little courage. She ' 'quickened her steps still more in her eagerness, 'forgetting that the canon ntream crossed the iroad at the bond, and missing the hoard she ?'stepped in ankle-deep. Even this she scarcely -3ioticcd^ but spUsbed on over tho slippery 'stones. It was only when she readied the gate, * 'breathless and dishevelled, that she seemed to 'bu able to think. 'I can't let Allen see me in this plight, l*he said to hersilf. ?' He would ask all manner 'of questions, and not be put oil', and I could not tell him that. Ob, no, no !' But just then a ilight, youthful Dgure appeared at the veroa Idah steps, standing on crutches. ! ' What makes you so awfully late, mother ?' tiiQ called to her. ' I thought you never vtould Come here,' and the thin,, complaining voice 7«as oven a little more impatient than usuul. *' Sing is on one of his worst rampages, and is 'savage ns hops because dinner is late. . I was ftvent afraid to ask him to. light the lamp, and 3've boon sitting out here in the dark for ages. if there's a dish left out there, it won't be his -fault. Listen to that !' and just then a tin pan deemed to go spinning ncro&f; the kitchen. ' I am very sorry, my dear,' said Mrs. Liv ?'fagstouo: quietly, ' but I .was detained by the ?BiU'ineer. He says the thresher muohine is .broken, and he ' must go to Keco Qrnnde to tmorrow for repairs. Some of tho men wore to be- paid off, and I had their accounts to look ever, I shall be glad when your father gets .ftiDme. Harvestiug is too important a time for ine to beleft alone. Poor Allie. What a for ttorn time you've had ! Come in, and we'll makeup for it,' and- she precluded him to the dark little parlour. I Quickly lighting the lamp, she said, ' Turn it up more, .dear, aftor it has burnud a little, »ud tell Sing to have dinner in five minutes,' land she hurried to her room, leaving her son 'wondering vaguely that his mother's hand should [tremble as Bhe held the match, and secretly -inhing she had hot left him to faco the irate Sing alone. i ^ Allen Livingstone was 17, but long accus tomed to having every wind tempered for him, he was^naturally timid and not a little spoiled, l Mrs, Liviugstone lavished upon him that yearn ing and pusioiMte tenderness that a hopelessly crippled child' calls forth from a mother's pity. JHo was at once heridoland her sorrow, and his ' slightest wish was law. . I Dinner at tho ranch-home was even more '.quiet (th&n; usual tbat .evening. Mrs. Living ?stone , appeared tired and preoccupied, while , j AMr-n fretted childishly over the ruther warmed up flavour of things on the table. - ; The. offending Chinaman' came and went in anllen routine. After the coffee, Mrs. Living stone put her arm loviugly over her son's shoul j.der), and they went/outto the parlour thus. 1 'I have a lovely scheme, dearest,' she said, |' While ; father, is a*ay, I think it would be inico for you to come over and sleep in your old fioom adjoining mine. , It will be inora sociable, 'and we can play at being younger again. What [do you think ? ' ?''I don't, mind,'' said Allen, indifferently, jiighting a delicate cigarita. [ The house was one of those primitve Spanish Structures, built of adobe, one store, and three ( (s\im facing an open square— very pleasant and tirtistio with the deep verandahs, vine-covered ;-iod cool, and the little court always full of Jjtiowers and sunshine, bnt not so couveuient and ;practical for everyday comfort as some more (modem pious for homes. 'The main part of the 1 house is taken up by the living-rooms, leaving fine sleeping-rooms in the wings and far ?separated; -^. It was 'a trying time for Mrs. Livingstone, {when her ? husband insisted that Allen should -{ivo up his little bedroom next to theirs, which (as had always occupiod, and go across the jnourk Tho boy was no longer a baby, he said, jsnd be had always needed that room for his join private ubb. He wanted a place for his Idesk and his books and the big safe which held !*he family valuables and often considerable [ourns in gold »nd silver, as be preferred to pay his men in coin rather than by cheque in the usual nay. i But bis wife had never been reconciled to having her delicate child out of the sound of , her voice at 'night, and many a time had she stolen out in the durkness to listen at his win dow to see that her darling was sleeping well, and to iudulge in a long moment of adoring worship, as she strained her eyes to see the pale face on. the pillow. ' I will go around tho yeranduh now, dear,' she said, asAtleu smoked, 'aud bring you ihings for the night. The couch is very comfoi table, and it will he lovely to have you back.' ' The chill air struck her uuplbssanrly as she opened the door. She shuddered a little and drew her shawl closer. ' : ' What' a fog !' she exclaimed, 'The , beans will be nguiu delayed. It's worse than the conHict of haynukiug and showers in New England,' Coming out of her son's room a few moments later,' with her armb full of her clothing, she was startled by a slight noise across the court. It seemed like some heavy thing dropping with less sound than its weight would suggest. In the 'misty darkness she could see nothing. Mary Livingstone was known far and ue*r as a woman of unbounded courage and self- reliance. During her husband's frequent business trips to B:m Francisco she stayed ami ruled the little kingdom like a queen. Not a man on the ranch but was glad when Mrs. Livingstone was ' boss.V . The house in the cauuti was her castle, where iha aud Allen, with the faithful Sing, nbodu in security which none dared to ~ molest If anyone bad told her a week ngo that this night she would be a haunted creature, trembling and unstrung, tormented by an evil presentiment and dreading sbo knew not what, sho would hnvo laughed the prophet to scorn. 'J he, parlour door had been left a little ajar, and she pushed through it aud on to her own apartment. ' Please shut the door, Allie. My hands j are full. I'll be ready for you soon.' ,,--? / * Drawing the shades, she set nsi'ii^i'y to work about mating her son's room comfortahlo for the uigbt. Sho dared'uot think, or she felt that she should scream from sheer nervous ness. The dainty silver toilet articles which were' his pride she arranged on the broad desk, and soon bud the low lounging-couch transformed into an inviting bed, with even a hot-water bag tucked in at the Foot. She took from her closet-shelf bis 'little toy-tike night-lamp, which had boon one of bis childish idols, aad lighted it, anil, after oue or two little Gn»l touches tie.-e and there, she called him. ' It's time small boys were asleep, Lock tho front 'door, dear, and comoM have Bucbn funny story to read to you.' Allen hobbled in, a slight frown on his delioate face at being' babyed, and surveyed tho little room; 'It's as cold as a barn in hero,' he said.1 'What makesit so cold ! I don't want to go to bod yet.' . .' Oh, yea, you do. It's getting Into. You'll soon be nice and comfortable in your old nest. You will find it warmed.' ' 'Ob, well, I suppose there is nothing else to Ho.' Tin nnfnnlntnmi 'I WJin»j»'a flia .tnint 9 ' 'I'll begin it now, while you're getting ready,' and Mrs. Livingstone settled herself by her lamp to read. - .,--, In less than halt an hour she quietly peeped in to; find her boy fast asleep. She wanted to stoop and kiss tho white forehead, bnt denied herself lost she should awaken him. ? . Nearly closing the door, she walked restlessly about her room a few moments, aimlessly touoh ing this and looking at that. ? She took her account book nut of the draggled dress she had worn down the canon, and looked it over a little, soon putting it aside. She tried to road, but tbe words followed each other under her eyes in an unknown tongue. She took up her Bible, and even that seemed to hold no word of peace. ..??'- ???? Sometimes as people in great poril go over their post life, sho fell to thinking of hers, but ahe was toon brought back face to face with the present. The thought that she wm struggling so to keep in abeyance, at last seemed to break its bounds and fill her soul with an irresistible fascination ; she dwelt upon it and did not try to put it aside. Three nights ago, at midnight, eho awakened suddenly, being conaoious of a noxious presence near, and slowly there had (frown from it two dark, glittering' eyos close to her own, which held her g«ze with terrible intoatnens. This evening in tho canon they had been there before her nil thoway, and she had almost succuinbed to their terror. ' For the first time shoBad noticed that the brows and corners of tho eyes were slightly upturned, like the Mongolian. What did it all mean ? . The end wis not yet. What would it be ? jTbuss thoughts seomed to enthral her. . ... It was nearly 11 o'clock. Would it como to night ? Outside the night was so deathly still and so lonely. Why didu!t tho wind blow ! Anything that wonldbreak the spell upon her. Bhe turned the light down, and threw herself wearily on the bed as.she was. , '.,.?; With the first stroke of tho clock at midnight she woke frpra a troubled sleep. In a moment she became distinctly conscious of a smoky odour, the unmistakable scent of a China man's clothing. A BHght noise on the floor caused her to.sit up quickly. A man's head and, shoulders were slowly emerging from under tho bed. One sickening moment she w«vered, then sprang out upon bim, holding him down for an instant '? but he turned, and there glared up at her those same eyes-the fiend-like eyes of her vision, and tho man was Sing. She grappled with him in superhuman strength, how many desperate, struggling mo ments, she never know. It sefemed an eternity. Not a word was uttered. She saw that hii superior strength must gain in the end. Ho constantly tried to reach for a knife whioh evidently was caught in some way, for ho failed to get it in his hand. :'???':??'.' -. , - - ?-. v At last Allen hoard tho noise and appeared at the door, almost fainting with fright. - ? His mother eptlled out to him, 'G-e-.t- t-h-o a-x-e q-u-i-ok,' and then added, ' Go to bed child.' ' '-??.?-,.. .^«. . ?:-...,.;-?, ?-?.(,'--,.:.;.» The boy had presence of mind to go around, a»' there were many looked doors in tho way through the house. .. ..,..,--,-. .. The Chinaman, afraid of some outside assist ance, began to bog. ~:.-j ..,—.-. ' Me catchie money— me no kill. You gib key— me no till. You no gib, me allee same killee you, killie Allie, too. You gib key ? ' Mrs. Livingstone said nothing, and in an incredibly short time for him Allan came in, panting and dragging the gleaming axe. Tbe fiend saw it and became like a madman. He shrieked and bit at the strong white wrists that held bim like a vice. He foamed at the mouth in his fit of rage and fear. ???:'-? f-_. ' Allen,' she said, ' get the trunk rope in the closet — be quick.' ,. -.rmiu'.'.' After an almost hopeless struggle and a little we.ik help from her son ? sho managed to tie one hand, then both together, and b»d Allen make tfco other end fast to the bedstead, -v,,;;./.'-. Tbe rope was old, and if it gnve wiy they WDre lost, for it was the only thing of tho kind available. Hor knees were still on his chest. ?-, .-??---:?? ? 11 Allen,' she commanded, ' go from the room and shut your door tight after you.' .?., Ho was almost stupefied, but obeyed blindly. In another instant he heard an awful blow and a short shufHtng sound, then a. long moment of silence, but he dared not go in again. i?;tv?-vv Presently his mother appeared, holding her wounded hautt. She looked to him, in tbo dim light, like an old woman. Her face wns ashen aud drawn, and her dark hair had turned almost snowy white. He looked at her mutely. 'My dear,' she said, slowly, ' God kuows it was the only way. He gavo me the powur to save us, or you and I, Allen, would this moment have been in tho traitor's place.' - She gave an involuntary shudder, but turned and locked tho door on the ghastly scene. Taking some antiseptic solution she bathed her hand thoroughly and .bound it up. with some of Allen's haudkerihiafs. She then sipped a small glass of whiskv and water,and lay down beside her son. So the long night wore away. There have been few cbangjs in Seco Valley. The lima beans grow on the brbsd, sunny low lands, are harvested, and grow again. The canon brook still sings its love song to the bloa souiiug hillsides. The owls and the mocking birds, tbe squirrels and the lizards, live as be fore, but the vines run rampant over thti broad piazzas of the ranch-house in Seco Canon. Only a few complaining doves have their home in the low gnrret. When Mr. and Mrs. Hobert Liviugslouo re turned to live in Now York their friends wel corned them back with open arms. It was hinted tbut, not being to the manner born, Mr. Liviugstono had not covered himself with glory or lined his purse with gold in his ranching schemo ; but it was the change in Mrs. Living stone that excited the most comment. The snowy hair, the restless, hunted expression, nnd absent manuer spoke of some stupuudouE chance irom her own self. To only one trusted friend did she confide tho mystery of her life. Every night at trrelvc o'clock there appeared to her two fierce, hard eyes, whip1' iwould. not turn till she was nearly beside herself with horror. 