An Old Sydney Cemetery BY E.D.H. THERE is something singularly pathetic about an abandoned cemetery. There lie buried the loves and hopes and fears of many a lusty life, the tottering tombstones and crumbling vaults, with their fading inscriptions, mark romance and tragedy, and even the prim humours of exist- ence. They bear the names, mayhap, of men buried with pomp and circumstance befitting their contemporary greatness, but who have been soon forgotten, and whose graves are now neglected and unknown. Perhaps in some unkenned corner a nameless mound or an humble slab marks the resting-place of one whose work has lived beyond SIR RICHARD BOURKE'S MONUMENT TO MASSACRED SEAMEN. him and who is better known in death than in life, though the resting-place of his mortal tene- ment is forgotten. Few can visit an old cemetery without saddening thoughts, and if sometimes the visitor is disposed to smile at the grotesqueness of an inscription or the utter disproportion between the tombstone elegy and its subject, there is nearly always a lurking pathos, even in the extra- vagance, which makes the smile a sad one. The history of the ancient sepulchres of the world is a strange and significant one. With what art did the Egyptian kings seek to preserve the bodies of their line from desecration and decay, and create to themselves monuments to last all time. Yet it was but that the mummied Pharaoh, jealously SAMUEL LEPTON'S TOMB. guarded for thousands of years in his rock-cut tomb, might be placed in a glass case in a London museum to be gaped at by a Cockney crowd. Shakespeare put whole volumes of philosophy into the mouth of Hamlet when he soliloquised, "Im- perial Caesar, dead and turned to clay, might stop a hole to keep the wind away." The sights and scenes of an old cemetery are among the strongest arguments for cremation. The old cemeteries of Europe becoming in course of time a danger to the public health, were usually emptied of their dead and converted into public squares or pleasure grounds. So far, in Australia, we have seen little of this, but there was the first colonial cemetery which was cleared away and formed the site of the Sydney Town Hall. Bonwick, who wrote interestingly regard- ing it at the time, found this old cemetery in a disgraceful condition in 1866. Ultimately the bulk of the bodies were removed, many of them to the Devonshire-street cemetery, and the tombstones unclaimed by relatives were broken up and used to pave the streets and roads. Now another ancient cemetery, successor to this first, is threatened. This is the cemetery, or rather group of cemeteries, generally known as the "Devonshire-street." When the railway is extended into the city these must go, even as the first cemetery went. The Railway Commissioners have offered to convert a part of them into a park in lieu of the part of Hyde Park which it is pro- posed to take, but whatever scheme may be adopted, there is no doubt that the cemeteries are doomed. They occupy what would be a splendid site for a park, and from the high ground exten- sive views of the city open out. Practically, be- fore they were closed, they were used as a park by the people on all sides. What is the fascina- tion which a cemetery holds out to lovers? This home of decayed mortality was once a famous Sydney trysting-place, and on its tombstones may be road the history of the matches made in its shady nooks — the stone which bears the name of father, mother, and child after child right through two or three generations. The other day, finding myself at Belmore Park, I wandered in to the Anglican cemetery, obtain- ing a ready permission from the venerable care- taker to explore among the tombs. What a touching bit of exploration that was! This por- tion of the reserves occupies the gentle slope and right up to the crest, where a stone wall along the brow of the hill divides it from the Roman Catholic and Presbyterian portions. It is studded with tombstones and great monuments; a large proportion of them lie prone, most with the inscriptions peeling or peeled off, the Sydney freestone suffering much. There are great family vaults with the sides fallen away and the coffins visible within; there are what were once sump- tuous and costly monuments, riven by sun and weather, fallen, shattered, abandoned. The number of family vaults is striking, but their destruction and neglect are saddening. Rapid decay and ab- sorption appears to be a characterstic of the dry soil, for looking into the open graves or vaults one sees but fragments of the coffins, the metallic name plates, and for the rest, dust, with, perhaps, fragments of bone or morsel of cerecloth. The whole of the hillside is covered with a rank but beautiful growth of wild oats, a growth which comes but every three years, and would afford rich feed to many a poor man's horse if the poor man but asked permission to cut it. Here and there a poppy, a cowslip, or some garden flower run wild and gone back to nature, shows up among the waving, vivid green of the oats. Nature is mindful where man has forgotten. There are some peach trees, blight-stricken, some clumps of trees, and for the rest, broken stones, shattered vaults — nothing fences — desolation. On the other side of a stone wall is the police depot, and there the un- fortunate dogs doomed for the slaughterer's ham- mer cry and moan all day for lost owners who come not. Their howling, like the note of some Aus- tralian banshee or the cry of the scavenging jackals round some Eastern graveyard, gives the last touch to the melancholy, which even the sight of the smoking factories and the busy marts beyond the walls fails to relieve. And yet over all there is a weird interest, a strange pathos, and a grim humour in this city of the dead, peopled but by their memories and living wild things — for the rank oats and waving fern afford congenial cover for wild cats, which rear their mottled broods in the silent vaults; for the native tortoise, and even for a solitary wallaby, which hides in some strange recess by day and is only seen, a ghostly, moving, bounding thing, browsing among the fern and the rich grass in the gloom of night. It was on this now neglected slope that the first burial took place. That was in 1819, and the body was that of Sergeant- Major Macdonald, of the Imperial troops then garrisoning Sydney. That was before the cemetery was opened as such. There are stones bearing earlier dates, but they were brought here with the re- mains from the first cemetery on Brickfield Hill. The cemetery has been closed for about 30 years — since the opening of Rookwood — but isolated burials in family vaults took place till nine or 10 years ago. About the entrance gates is the neat garden of the caretaker, and beyond it, the wilder- 1 CHIEF JUSTICE DOWLING'S TOMB. ness. On the edge of this, with a blighted but richly green peach tree leaning lovingly towards it, with the green oats tenderly covering it over and a bright and glowing cowslip at its head, is a flat slab, on which can with considerable difficulty be deciphered the inscription Sacred to the memory of ALLAN CUNNINGHAME, ESQ., departed this life 27th June, 1839. Aged — years. Beneath is the dust of the famous botanist and good Australian explorer, who resigned the direc- torship of our Botanic Gardens because he re- sented the requirement that he should grow cab- bages for Government House. Looking at the slab with its protecting greenery it is as though the plants he loved in life sought to lovingly en- wrap him in death. Further up the slope is to be seen a massive sarcophagus standing boldly out on the hillside,and in admirable preservation. It is the record of a tragedy which is thus fully set out in the inscription on one side : — Within this tomb were interred, on xvii. November, M.D. CCCXXXVL, The remains of seventeen human bodies Discovered, after the most diligent research, in the island of Aureed, in Torres Straits, by Mr. C. M. Lewis, Commander of H.M. colonial schooner Isabella, and, by satisfactory evidence, identified as the mortal remains of certain of the officers, crew, and passengers MONUMENT TO JAMES ANDERSON. (The obelisk has split down the centre and shows the sky through.) of the bark Charles Eaton, who, after escaping from the total wreck of that vessel, on xv. August. M.D. CCCXXXIV., were savagely massacred by the natives of the islands on which they landed. His Excellency Sir Richard Bourke, K.C.B., Governor-in-Chief of this colony, by whose command the expedition to ascertain the fate of these unhappy persons was undertaken, caused the last offices of piety to be discharged towards them, by directing the interment of their remains with the rites of Christian ALLAN CUNNINGHAM'S GRAVE. The slab is nearly covered by wild oats. MONUMENT TO ARCHDEACON M'ENCROE AND ARCHPRIEST THERRY. SCENE IN ROMAN CATHOLIC CEMETERY. Exhibition Buildings and Railway Station beyond. burial, and the erection of this monument to record the catastrophe by which they perished. "And they told David, saying that the men of Jabesh-Gilead were they that buried Saul, and David sent messengers to the men of Jabesh-Gilead, and said unto them, 'Blessed be ye of the Lord that ye have shown this kindness.'" — II. Sam., ii. -iv., v. One cannot resist a smile at the scriptural pat on the back which the good Governor administered to himself. It is near this monument that the most remarkable inscription I found in the cemetery is. A plain slab, well covered with lettering, bears these strange lines : — Sacred to the memory of SAMUEL LEPTON, who departed this life June 20, 1825. Aged 27 years. The Wretched Byron who shot me The Almighty Judge will shortly see, And I the witness shall be there The truth against him to declare. That Righteous Judge will hear my case. And doom him to his own place. That wise Creator who is good Commands us all to shed no blood, And those who do he'll not forgive, His laws decree he shall not live. Byron, prepare to meet thy doom! The awful summons soon must come When you must answer for my blood Before thy Maker and thy God. "I wonder who wrote that?" I somewhat naively asked the old caretaker. "I don't know," was his reply. "I don't think it was the man who was shot, and it would hardly be the man who shot him." He believed, however, that Lepton was a young immigrant who, ignorant of the fact that the country was under rigorous discipline, sought to pass out at night from the city along the Parra- matta-road, by the toll gate which was just this side of the cutting near the University. The sentry challenged him, and, as he did not reply, shot him dead. The "wretched Byron" whom the dead man is made to apostrophise so un- charitably was left to die a natural death. Of another type are these inscriptions, culled from various headstones on the slope : — My dearest Brother is my heir, And he will settle my affairs. Adieu, Vain World, Adieu ! That at least is business like. When blooming man is snatched away From all he holds most dear The widow weeps for him she loved And silent sheds a tear. It is evident that the obituary poet who now uses the "In Memoriam" columns of the news- PHOTO, BY WALL BROTHERS, ST. KILDA. HORSES PROCEEDING TO WEIGH IN AFTER THE CAULFIELD CUP RACE — AMBERITE LEADING. papers in those days carried his inspirations to the mortuary mason. There is something touching in this one, however, on the headstone of a man of 56 :— O passer by, whoe'er thou art, A tear of pity show. There's not on earth a kinder heart Than moulders here below. And, again, one forgets the bad verse in the simple tragedy of filial love and hope deferred to be read between the lines : — A mother dear lies buried here, A daughter doth deplore ; The loss how great, but 'twas their fate On earth to meet no more. She crossed the seas, mid many a breeze, Her parent to behold ; But ere she could reach the distant beach Her mother's days were told. It seems somewhat equivocal to begin a verse Much as we loved thee To our bitter cost, did we not know that it was merely a question of poetic exigency. Here is another in which the poet has been, troubled by vague memories of other verse and the inability to properly apply them : — This languishing head is at rest, Its thinking and aching are o'er ; This quiet immovable breast Is heaved by affliction no more. This heart is no longer the seat Of trouble and torturing pain. It has ceased to flutter and beat. It never shall flutter again. To the right of the entrance and near the police wall is the region of the largest family vaults. Here is buried Chief Justice Forbes — another Chief Justice (Dowling) lies beneath a bold monument near the crest of the hill. Beside the wall is a large family vault bearing many sorrowful inscriptions, this the most notable : — In memory of JOHN STEPHEN, ESQ., youngest son of James and Sibella Stephen, formerly Solicitor- General of Saint Christopher's, and afterwards First Puisne Judge of this Colony, who was born in London, 4th July, 1771, and died 21st December, 1833, aged 62 years. Near by is a family vault, on which the first inscription reads thus : — In the 27 th year of her age. For a careful and assiduous discharge of domestic duties she was truly exemplary. Her husband is to lament the loss of an affectionate wife, her children of an anxious mother, and society an upright and humble member. Weep not my husband and my children dear, By Heaven's wise will my body moulders here. My spirit immortal soars above the sky. Prepare your souls, for you must surely die. Then comes the pathos of the "alsos" — first, two years later, the husband, who wrote this elaborate eulogy, goes to join his beloved, and then the children, one after another. One of the saddest things in the whole group of cemeteries is the extraordinary number of tombs which bear, at intervals of two or three years, the names of children of tender ages. One had six such names, followed by those of the stricken father and mother. What a rending of a mother's heart- strings did not this cover ? Rosalie Durand and other famous Thespians are said to be buried in this ground, but I could not find their graves. Accompanied by a "Mail" artist I visited the cemeteries later, and clambered over the wall into the Presbyterian portion, and thence to the Roman Catholic — to the righteous indignation of the care- taker of the latter, whose soul is afflicted by stray boys doing the like thing. Searching for Dr. Lang's tomb I found that but a week or two before his coffin had been exhumed, and the re- mains transferred to Rookwood. There was little but dust to trans- fer. The Presbyterian cemetery has a much more modern and less unkempt and decayed appearance than the Anglican. Also fewer eccentric inscriptions are to be found there. There is philosophy in this one : — Those who are born to-day and die to-morrow Lose some hours of joy but years of sorrow. A large freestone obelisk, which the sun and rain have split down the centre, bears this inscrip- tion : — Erected to the memory of JAMES ANDERSON, Superintendent of the Botanic Gardens, who died on 22 April, 1842. Born at Boquilao, near Stirling, in 1797. Travelled over a great part of Europe, Africa, and America, collecting rare botanical specimens, He was of the most kindly dis- position, and highly esteemed by all who knew him. This monument was erected by a number of friends in the colony. An architect or builder might make in these cemeteries a most valuable study as to the relative durability of stones. In one of the cemeteries I found a small en- closure, which creepers had covered in and roofed over. Sacks and bits of fencing from other graves had been covered over this, and long grass put inside. Access was had through a hole in the old palisading, and here evidently some human waif found nightly shelter, tales of ghosts perhaps misinterpreting his occasional appearance and saving him from disturbance. In another of the cemeteries is this inscription over the grave of the son of a dairyman, killed in a street accident : — Here I lie in this cold ground, And my father still milking cows in —— street. This must have been suggested by the English inscription, "Business still carried on at the old address." The Catholic cemetery is the most picturesque of the group. Here that vigorous Queenslander, the lantana, riots luxuriantly, covering in graves wholesale in thickets 20ft. high. Ornamental trees and flowers gone wild grow every where, and between them the grass is short and vividly green. Outlooks through the masses of greenery show the busy railway station and the Exhibition buildings beyond, the scene contrasting strangely; with the quiet — the almost oppressive stillness — of the home of the dead. In one beautiful spot is the handsome monument to two men eminent in the Roman Catholic annals of Australia. The cross surmounting it lies over as though about to fall, otherwise it is in splendid order. It bears these inscriptions : — To the VENERABLE JOHN M'ENCROE, Archdeacon, who died August 22, 1868, aged 73. Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord. VENERABLE JOHN JOSEPH THERRY, Archpriest, died May 2.5, 1864, aged 74. Archdeacon M'Encroe was a "bold Tipperary boy," who distinguished himself under the famous Bishop England, of Charleston, as far back as 1822, by advocating strenuously in the Southern States of America the abolition of slavery, at a time when to do so meant to risk life or personal injury. After a seven-years' crusade he re- turned to Ireland broken in health. After- wards in Australia it was he who, at a great public meeting, held in Sydney in 1849, when the home authorities appeared determined to resume the transportation system, declared that rather than submit to this the colonies would follow the example of the United States and declare their independence — and feeling ran strong in the matter in those days, stronger than we can realise now. He was the founder of the Sydney "Freeman's Journal," and it was he who brought out the Rev. Dr. Forrest for St. John's College. The Archpriest Therry was one of the first two authorised priests who came to the colony in 1820 in consequence of the outcry in the House of Commons on the im- prisonment and expulsion of Father O'Flynn. He laid the foundation of the old St. Mary's Cathedral, and he was destined to have a trou- blous time with the authorities owing to his "per- tinacity" in attending to his co-religionists in "the orphanage." There is very little in the way of eccentric inscription here. This quotation, on the tomb of a brother, could hardly be surpassed for aptness and pathos : — I saw the black pall o'er his relics extended, I wept, but they were not the teardrops of woe ; The prayer of my soul, that in fervour ascended, Was, "Lord, when Thou callest, like him may I go." The Congregational and Jewish cemeteries, which adjoin the Roman Catholic, show little di- lapidation, and are, as a rule, much more modern than the cemeteries crowning or on the other side of the hill. It is a striking fact, in keeping with other sombre things about these old cemeteries, that all the trustees of the Anglican cemetery have died. No others have been appointed. After viewing the whole of this settlement of the dead one is forced to the reflection that civilised Australian man compares most unfavourably with many an uncivilised race in care for the graves of his forebears. 