THE DEVIL'S HEAD: BY J- FITZGERALD MOLLOY. Author of "An Excellent Knave," "How Game ha Dead," " A Justified Sinner,' "On Wheels of Fire," "The Most Gorgeous Lady Blessington," "The Life and Adventures of Peg Woffington," <fcc., &c.; SYNOPSIS OF PBETTOUS CHAPTERS. Chapters I and 1L—Sijjel Tregazkes, a poor Wrangling journalist in Paris, is surprised by the receipt of a telegram summoning him to tile bedside of bis nncle, Sir Philip Tregazkes, Redclifte Castle, Dolgelly, Wales. He had never seen his wealthy relative, who had quarrelled with Sigel's father for having married a Spanish dancer. He leaves post haste for Dolgelly, and makes tbe acquaintance of his cousin Philip, who takes him to the bedside of Sir Philip. The old man tells him that he has sees to his future prospects, and dies. " CHAPTERS HI AND IV.—The new heir, Sir Philip, and his cousin, have little in common. The one is a hunting English gentleman, whilst Bigel is a sentimental, music loving foreigner, with Continental tastes. The reader is introduced to Major Claypole and < his daughter, Oriana. Between the latter .and Eigel a close bond of sympathy springs up. though she is engaged to be married to Sir Philip. As the two cousins walk over the Devil's Head abyss home to the Castle, Philip tells Kigel of his engagement, and as the latter congratulates him Philip remarin that Oriana is the one woman in the world for him. Rigel asks himself, "Is ha the one man in the world for her?" CHAPTERS V. akd VL—The intimacy between Bigel and Oriana increases, and in the course of odd conversation she tells him that she at times feels dominated by an impulse she can scarcely control. Bigel tells her that that is a dangerous feel, ing which she must overcome by her own will, fiigel decides to kwe bis cousin's house, asd bids hergood-by. • ,1 CHAPTER VIL JK XESJEIfiBTfXail, Rigel said a few farewell words to the Major afi' quickly aa possible, and then harried oat of- earshot of the adieux shouted after him from the hall doqr in the high-noted, cheery wrioe of the little man, who was blissfully uivsonscioas of the mental anffinring endured \- 'by v»is daughter. '••' Escape from the cottage was an intense relief Bigel, whose mind was overstrung by his interview with Oriana. The cold frosty air ef this February afternoon refreshed him, the we&^d grey light stretching into silent " apace eaOthed him; there was peace in the \- hiMhed t^iUeyBover which the vaguely seen moimt^M. «em to keep watch, like giant sentinei&gaaKliing; anenchanted land. Ashe harried on wards be tamed his bead and-saw* P^e, yellowish glow of light shining from an upper -window in the cottage, probably from ;C>riana'e room'. He drew a long breads as might a .man who had evaded' • threatened dagger; and again, breaking over \- bis '"iml be •* .wave over a beach, came that £tr*nge tenaeof fear, that indefinite dread, i gceh as he had'fel* at first sight ,of Oriana, and \- that had since frequently flashed on him, like' lights that ; tekTyof dangerous shoals to stepstfra* pasoed m darkness. .-• Only wfien ba reached the heights of the XfevjffBiXead did be pause, for the dimb had left f bim breathless. . As be rested, standing bigfc above tbe sombre valleys, something • teotptedhba forward to the edge of the ptesipice, whan he looked down into the blackness; ; titeo, aaifaeai^ by asnddenthoi^ht, he turned . hnrrMdly, away, never alackfining' his pace _ untilhe reached -the Castle.. ' PjesajgliiroBgh « long corridor oil the waytobiB room be met Phihp, who stopped ; and aakedif bebad been to ttieoottage. _ ..'"'. • ^Tes," briefly wpliei Bigtd, who was in no luood far conversation. • • : As be paused, the ljght from a suspended lamp fell upon his faiie,which was pale and 1 .'• agitated.' Philip looked at him in surprise, interrogation in bis eyes. Bigel would have contained bis way bat .that be wm checked by .another enquiry- . "Found them at home?" said Philip. . i- " Tea, I bade themgood-by," Rig-elans wered, ; and Sdiberately went onward, unwilling to be father questioned. , 7 Philip stood looking after Mm, puzzled, by saaiething in -the. eiptenaon ef ,hi8 cousin's face, and displeased that no explanation of jt . were given;. His mind at onoe reverted from Rigel to Oriana, And from her again y*o liia cousin. Was it their parting that bad aEectedBSgel? Had bis love for her been stronger than Philip suspected. An angry i lighfc flaahodinbiseyes, be rallied fiercely at ' 'the ends of bis monstaches. Then, remember-, •in£ thatRigdwasto leave in the morning. : "Philip became more and more tranquil, and / "tarafld anray .to dress for dinner at which t&edateof; his marriage was to be fixsd. '' j. Itwasarelief tojRigel todine alone, for be was rl^n free to indulge in his reflections, "which"were occupied byOriana, wbo seemed ytci >i»unt him .anoe theyparted. Again and againbe ocrald see ber face rise .before him ; ^distorted-^ emotion; be saw her eyes, lnrid ' ?rpm the ettoots of bsr burning thoughts, fixed > 'on ; him ; her low v6ioe, palpitating from the . infcensitj :Of• bar Jeding, bsif-expressing, halflonger doobted that ber eiigagemait ;4iaiJ bMn fflitwed into' -eiiher through worldly. • vmotivesorbeiforeahebad realizedwbat.an un- \- eongeaial aotarrii^e must xpean to one-of ber \- ^fcemperameht.: As the penniless daughter of a reiirrf major bring on half- pay, and probably •V- In debt; 'die position she would- gain as Philip's wifa t m <tempttng. The ordinary girl would '. -willingly share such, fortune and rank as his, ? ^e^eh at fte pribe of maniage with a rond, an imbecile, TOABeptoagenarian. But Oriana w»s jiotanotdinary girl. On the one band genteel -." i- poverty.peibaps independence, lay before her, * on tbe o&er; tbe tragedy of a loveless marriage. WbaievBr ber choice unbappiness threatened bar; and this evening she.would be forced to . fix tiie dav wben she would voluntarily enter p upon a life of .misery. - i- Kot for a moment did Rigel realize that be was tiie cause her disturbance; that ber : passion for. him had shown hor what love : reallv meant, and as with its triumphant flame . the darkness of ber fate as' the wife of \- \anbther," for on bis part be bad no affection for -... her. No word of bis, - howe ver lightly spoken, \- • bad ever" expressed anything but interest in .< -.and sympathy,with her. .' Were die free he worDld^othaveeou^itto win her. Ap his life : " ho bad been' vsed to the society of. handsome And clever women who bad given him their friendship without^ expecting bis love; and snchiileuare as Oriana showed in hisoompany .. and conversation neither flattered nor ". i^)pwu»d tuinsual to him. . i'fl 3%xoogboat tbe evening be was restless and melancholy. Heooold not bat feel regret at leaving the Castle, this-calm retreat from an _ anxious and busy world, this proud old home : • of his aaeestors, tbis life which wealth made .. smooth. But it . was not that alone which affected bim, yet -what it was be coold not definitely say. Tbe brooding night seemed •to' hold something that disturbed and . depressed him. Going to tbe library he sought to interest •himself in m book, but its meaning escaped him ; with bis bead leaning against an easy chair be strove to doze, but bis thoughts \- became'more vivid, thoughts that srawed him, ' and from which he determinedly turned. He \- spefit some time in tbe billiard-room knocking about the balls that as they straek echoed loudly through gloomy sp»aoe, until, tiring of \- that, be went to his room in the west tower . - and took bis -father's violin from its faded case. • ' .. As Philip bad shown a strong dislike to seeing or bearing him perform, Rigel had kept . the instrument in bis zoom, and occasionally played, in seclusion. To-night he knew that through it he could find expression for the feelings that overpowered him. Music would _ soothe him as nothing else would. With : something of a caress he took the violin and placed it against his breast, bending his bead above it oontemplatingly. Slowly he drew the bo w across the strings, when a strange, wailing sound was beard, as if by magic a voice had been given to them. It rose by degrees, gaining strength in expression; gaining intensity in its sorrow. Suddenly, came changeful passages fall of wild phantasms and imaginings, daring, bizarre, defiant, flaring into unexpected rebellion and trium- : -pbant laughter, with ever the quivering of a : -sob in the undertones, like the voice of a lover , who sighs in bis joy, like tbe cry of a penitent " bewailing his sin. Next morning a$ Bigel lay in a semi-sleep, half-conscious of his. surroundings, half- , absorbed by his dreams, bis ear caught a sound that banished time and carried him back to the first night he.had spent in.the Castle; a sound at once sad and. solemn, slow and * funereal, with winch the still air sorrowfully vibrated. ^ v In an instant bis mind, yet enthralled by sleep, went back to Sir David, the yellow-faced . old man with the glaring eyes, whose skeleton "hand had pointed at him, whose lips had whispered warning words concerning him. The bell now tolling-announced that this hardened old man was dead ; aud by one of those strange inconsistencies. of dreams, Philip's ] existence being overlooked, Rigel saw himself tbe lord and master of all hi3 uncle had owned; there was none to dispute his possession, none to stand in his way. His father's hopes were fulfilled ; be was master of Redclifie Castle. Suddenly came noise as if violent blows were battering at the door, and before he could rouse himself Rigel heard some one enter the room, as if, it seemed, with intent to molest him. Then with an effort he fully awoke to see GJyndwyr facing him, his usual sombre expression giving place to fright, his gestures wild, his voice raised almost to a scream. "Oh. Mr. Rigel, 5 'he gasped. Sir Philip— Sir Philip" " What is tbe matter?" Rigel acked, sitting up, his drowsy eyes fixed upon the distracted figure before him. "He has been found at the foot of the Devil's Head." " Hurt?" Rigel asked in an awed voice. " Dead! Dead! Deadwailed the poor old man, as he bowed his head and burst into CHAPTER VIII. THE VERDICT. Throughout that sombre day rain fell in a steady downpour; the sky showed no trace of sun; heavy, motionless clouds covered the mountain tops. All that was mortal of Sir Phihp Tregazkes lay in the little room he had called his study. Strangers came and went, doctors and policemen, the county Coroner and frif clerk, the deceased's solicitors—all ot them looking with pity on one whose promising life had been so suddenly cut short. Though be bad no fear of death itself, Rigel bad a deep-rooted horror of a lifeless body, and therefore steadily avoided the tragic sight of his cousin's cold and rigid figure. From the hour when the news of/the accident had been brought to him Rigel had suffered terrible depression. WitU weary restlessness he wandered about the gjoomy galleries, the long corridors, the empty rooms of the Castle, in an aimless and absent-minded way, speaking only when addressed, and answering as briefly as possible. "The one person who, without business, ventured to intrude upon bis melancholy was Major Claypole, who '.had hurried to the Castle on hearing tbe tragic news. He found Rigel had hidden in the deep embrasure of one of the library windows, lookirur with vacant eyes on the desolate sodden earth and the sombre grey mists that stretched above the valleys, bis mind absorbed. . "My dear boy," the Major said, his thin voice quivering from excitement and pain, " tbis is terrible—oh, this is terrible." - Rigel shook hands with him in silence." Only last night, when I parted with him, he was in the best of health, and this morning brings news of his death. If he hadn't walked home across that dangerous headland on such a frosty night. Poor lad, poor lad! He must have missed his footing. Eh?" "I suppose you were the last person wbo saw him alive?" Rigel said, looking- at tbe Major's troubled eyes, round which the wrinkles bad deepened. " Probably. That will no doubt come out at the inquest." "The inquest—yes, I suppose it will," Rigel remarked, turning his efres once more towards the blurred and dreafy landscape, with its torrents of rain, that suggested interminable tears. "The news must have come as a great shock to Miss Claypole?" said Rigel, looking attentively at tbe Major. _ "Terrible, terrible," the little man answered, dejectedly. ."Yoncannot imagine what it cost me to break thenewB; it quite npset me." "You broke it geritly, of course," remarked Rigel, his eyes still closely observing the Major, bis ears alert to catch every intonation of the speaker's voice. " As gently'as possible; but she seemed to anticipate bad news." "She did?" Rigel gasped. \- _ i- "Perhaps she read it in my face. -Atall events when I entered her bedroom early this morning sbe implored me to tell her the worst at once. She seemed to have a presentiment that some misfortune had happened to Philip. No wonder. She was very fond of bim." "Did &he; anticipate news of his death?" Rigel asked, striving to steady his voice 'that j was surging with suppressed excitement. _ , " No, no; only that some trouble, some accident, bad happened'; then, poor child, she became delirious. No wonder; in a few months more she would have been bis wife. He was desperately fond of her, and she of bim. Eh?" . Is fehe delirious still—I mean, is she better?" Rigel asked with some anxiety. " I rant for the doctor, though she begged me not before she became quite delirious, and be gave her a sleeping draught." " So that she is now unconscious?" "She-wassleeping when I left>" "That's a mercy, 9 ' Rigel muttered. "Yes; for the doctor says some boors of sound sleep may ward oS the brain fever that threatens her, eh?" " Let us bope she will escape tbat." "I always bope for. the best, and strive to keep cheerful," replied tbe Major pathetically. " If only. Philip had lived a few months longer. But I have never been a. lucky man, never. If you only knew, dear boy, I have bad troubles, bitter troubles, though I show a brave heart." And he wiped away a few tears that bad dimmed bis bright blue eyes. " As. for myself,"" remarked Rigel, gently, I bad no idea I should miss Philip so much." "We never know how mnch we eare for people, until they bave left us. And I can hardly realize tbat be is not with ns still. I fancy I ought to'bear the sound of bis footsteps ooming from the study, the ring of bis cheery voice welcoming me. And it seems bitter to think how readily he might have escaped this accident. Had be gone home by the other way, be would now be living. He of all men ought to bave known bow dangerous the Devil's Head is on a dark and-frosty night Poor Philip!" "When I first saw tbe place I was struck by its sombre appearance; though I bttle thought at the time how soon it would be connected with a"tragedy," said Bigel. "Sot the first of its kind that has happened •there either," Major Claypole stated. "Three years ago a young shepherd missed his footing late at night, and was found with bis neck broken at the foot of the precipice next morning." . ' I hadn't heard that." : You must have the pathway.fenced," the; Major suggested. . • " I shall stop all traffic across the headland in future," answered Rigel. < And now, dear boy, I must .get back to Oriana." t 'I shall be anxious to hear how she is. I trust there will be no fever: no cause for anxiety." " I will tell ber of your i kind enquiries, they will cheer her, and I shall come and see yon soon again. Perhaps I can be of some help to^you during this trying time," said the Major as he moved away with a pathetic absence of bis usual brisk air. Two days later an inquest was held to enquire into' tbe circumstances of Sir Philip's death. Evidence of identification being taken, Mark Fraser, an undergardener, was the firstwitness examined. Whilst oil his way to tbe Castle grounds, and about 7 in the morning, be had discovered Sir Philip's body at tbe foot of the Devil's Head. The deceased was quite cold. Witness. had run to the Castle, tbe nearest residence^ _ where be gave tbe alarm, and obtained assistance in removing the body. Doctor Finskung, wbo had been sent for, then described the body being in a perfectly healthy condition. Death bad resulted from a wound two inches deep on. the left temple ooming in contact with a sharp stone. In his opinion life bad-been extinct several hours when the body -was discovered. On being cross-examined the doctor declared that such a wound as the temple .showed was sufficient to cause instant death. The force with which the body falling from a heigqt of several hundred feet would strike a sharp'impeding stone would satisfactorily account for so severe a wound. There were no signs or marks of strain or violence on the body except scratches on the face and bands, which bad been produced by briars. There was no indication of violence having been used, or tbat the deceased bad come to his death by any other mesns than by accident. Rigel gave next evidence as to the last time when be had seen his cousin alive. They had met in the corridor tbe evening of Sir Philip's death, and exchanged a few words before eich went to his own room. They had not quarrelled at any time, nor bad a disagreement ever arisen between them. Rigel had dined alone that evening, and about 10 o'clock had gone into his bedroom. Next morning he had been wakened from sleep to bear of his cousin's death. The clear and willing manner in which he gave his evidence, his deep feeling and grave comportment, favourably impressed the Coroner and Jury. Major Claypole was next called and stated that the deceased had dined at Coetmore Cottage on the e vening of his death. Tbey were alone on this occasion, as Miss Claypole. was ill. Sir Philip had seemed in bis usual health; he had shown no depression, but on the contrary had spoken cheerfully of future plans. He had left the Cottage about 11 o'clock. Witness had not again seen Sir Philip alive. When he dined-eat Coetmore Cottage it had been his custom on fine nights to walk home, the way be usually took being across the Devil's Head, as tbat was the most direct and shortest. Witness considered that on frosty nights the path across the headland was decidedly dangerous. He did not know if this opinion was shared by the deceased. Witness had made a remark to Sir Philip about the darkness of the night, but tbe latter had replied tbat be knew every inch of tbe ground and that the moon would rise before 12. In reply to a Juryman the Major said his daughter had been engaged to marry Sir Philip. The engagement had not been broken oS; on the contrary, the date of her marriage would have been fixed the evening the baronet dined with him had she been well enough to see her fianc£. No misunderstanding or estrangement had ever arisen between witness and the deceased. Glyndwyr had last seen his master aliveasbe stepped into his brougham that drove him to the Coetmore Cottage. Sir Philip had been a considerate master and never wished his servants to wait up for him. On returning late, it had been his custom to enter the portal in the western tower, of which he had a latchkey. Witness had gone to bed about II, and on his way had heard Mr. Rigel playing the fiddle in his room. It was witness who had woke Mr. Rigel next morning to tell bim of the tragedy. In answer to the foreman Glyndwyr said he bad never heard angry or unpleasant words pass between Sir Philip and his cousin: to his knowledge they had never quarrelled, but had always appeared good friends. Sergeant Howls, a sharp-nosed, shrewdlooking man, stated that the body had been removed to the Castle when he had seen it, a course tbat should not have been taken until tbe police had inspected the spot where it was. found. He and his fellow-officers bad immediately examined the place where the deceased had met his death. The brushwood growing on the side of the precipice showed the track taken by the body in its descent. At the bottom of the precipice be had found a sharp stone covered with blood, which he produced, whose point, the doctor subsequently affirmed, corresponded to the indenture on tbe left temple of the deceased. Sergeant Howls furthermore stated that the summit of the precipice showed no signs of where the deceased had slipped. As rain had begun to fall before the examination took place, and the frosty ground had thawed, it was impossible to find traces of a struggle, if such had taken place. In bis opinion Sir Philip had slipped on a smooth stone that lay embedded in the ground near the edge of the precipice, and rose an inch above the earth, and in that way lost his footing. The last witness called was Ceorge Foulsham, a gamekeeper, a brown-faoed, slightly built young man with a look of strength in his dark eyes. For generations his people had been farmers on the Tregazkes estate, until evil time6 falling on them tbey were no longer able to rent their land, when this, the last of their line, in preference to seeking his fortune abroad, had taken service as a gamekeeper, that he might remain with his parents, whose support he became. George Foulsham stated that on the night Sir Philip met his death he (witness) was in the park. Whilst he was sheltered by some trees about six hundred yards from the Devil's Head, which then lay between him and the Castle, he had heard a sharp and sudden cry that at first he had thought was a woman's voice. He waited to hear if it would be repeated, bnt no second cry was given. He then concluded the sound had come from some frightened bird. He knew that birds built on the side of the precipice. Asked what he now believed, he hesitated, then answered that the cry was so brief and sudden he could not say, but he supposed it was a bird disturbed by Philip's fall. . He had gone forwards towards the Devil's Head, but heard nothing more during the night. He had mentioned having heard the sound to another gamekeeper before be was aware of Sir Philip's death. Questions and examinations failing to gain anything more from him, it merely remained for the Coroner to sum up. This he did briefly and clearly, pointing out the absence of all evidence to prove that the decease^- had come by his death through the instrumentality of another or others, or by any means save that of accident; and in ageement with this view the Jury without hesitation returned a verdict of accidental death. And so it happened that within a week from the day on which Sir Philip Tregazkes had hoped to have the date of his marriage fixed, bis mortal remains were laid with the ashes of bis ancestors in the vaults of Cymmer Abbey. / Late itfc tbe night of tbe day on which this event took place Rigel sat alone in the library. He hqd occupied the same chair since dinner time, neither attempting to read nor to write, indeed scarcely stirring, his mind occupied by one dominant thought that shut out all others. Tbe chilliness of the room in which the fire had long died out at last roused him, when he rose _ and walked backwards and forwards, striving to rid himself of the idea that gripped him. By degrees the library became a prison from which he sought to escape, forgetting that it was bis own thoughts from which be strove to break away. In the hope of temporarily ridding himself of his burden he left the room,'and following a long, narrow passage came to a little hall. Here he put on bis coat and cap, and passing through the portal of the western tower came upon a broad plateau that flanked this side of the shrubbery/covering a steep descent to the valley. The night was cold; a pale, hazy sky, lighted by a late moon, hung over an opal-tinted world—a world of profound silence and of perfect peace. Now and then a breeze stirred the dead leaves lying thick around his feet. In the near distance were the terraces whose white statues peered like ghosts through the gloom; below stretched the trees, withered and black and stirred by every breath, like guilty -souls that trembled with strange fears. Lighting a cigar' he moved slowly through this solitary melancholy scene, always haunted by his thoughts. A movement to the right brought bim in front of- two poplar - trees, straight and black, streaking the surface of tbe. low-lying moon. 'Instantly they recalled a certain memorable night, when he had waited in a garden near Florence, whose black cypress-trees had barred the yellow moon: There was-warmth then in tbe air, and joy in bis veins; a languorous delicious odour of orange and lemon groves and sweet-scented herbs secreting themselves in the nnderwood had, stolen on and exalted his senses. Why not leave this place, with its oppressive associations, and return to the South, where life might be enjoyed to the full? he asked himself. He looked up at the Castle, with its darkened windows, its massive towers, its vast size exaggerated in the gloom, its shadow stretching around and beyond him. The place held him in its darkness. As he looked'the clock struck' midnight, and a shudder passed through him, for the bell of the clock was the same that had toiled the passing knell for biB uncle and bis cousin; and its slow tones seemed funereal. He moved hurriedly away, when a sound as of a following footstep fell upon his ear. He turned, but saw nothing save a withered leaf blown -by tbe wind, then walked on once more, only to hear tbe same sound repeated. Again be paused and listened, breathlessly, some sense of terror creeping over and cowering him. As he did, the steps sounded more distinctly; the branches of tbe shrubbery in front were parted, and a man's figure appeared, hesitated^ and then advanced to where Sir Rigel stood in breathless surprise. Before be came quite close Rigel recognised George Foulsham, the gamekeeper, who had given evidence at the inquest. Rigel stared at him in silence. Foulsham touched bis fur cap, and looking fixedly at his master's face, that in the moonlight seemed white and immovable as marble, said— . "Begpardon, Sir Rigel." " Ah, Foulsham, you are looking after tbe. poachers. Have the rascals been troublesome of late?" Rigel said, striving to conceal the dismay hefelt at tbe undesired appearance of this witness at tbe inquest. "It's not that, Sir Rigel," the gamekeeper replied a little awkwardly, as he fixed his eyes upon his master's face. "No?" " I bave been waiting for a chtface of speaking to you for some days; and when in the shrubbery I heard some one moving about I thought it was likely to be you, so I came up.- Hope you'll excuse me, Sir Rigel." The bewilderment and suspense Rigel had felt at first sight of the man deepened at bis words. " You want to speak to me?" he remarked, by way of saying something, whilst he strove to control himself. "If you please, Sir Rigel,"replied Foulsham, in a grave voice. " What is it?" Rigel jerked out as he came closer tobim. The gamekeeper hesitated in his answer, whilst his embarrassment increased. • "Tell me—tell me,"said Rigel, eagerly. Foul Bh am looked over his sboulder towards tbe shrubberies and around him where the black shadows of the Castle walls fell upon the terraces before replying. " If you please. Sir Rigel, I would rather talk to you where there's no chance of what I say being overheard." As his hearer realized tbe significance of Foulsham's words a strained expression pasfeed over his faoe; then, with eyes dilated by expectation, he looked searchingly into those that were fixed with a steady stare upon his own. A secret lay in them. Rigel drew a long breath. . . "Come with mo," he said in a weary voice, as be led %he way towards the portal of the .western tower. 