BREVITIES. •» Lying out Hospital— very muçh so!; foundation Stone, to be laid by Mr Xs$vcs. on Monday. Turner on the job at St. ivilda—Trade* Hall rampart. Peacc and progress the policy of. the future, — no radical legislation Beneiit for Georgo Crick at the Star Tlvmtre on Tuesday night. JPund^ go. to a, deserving object of charity—uo mythical hospital here. Municipal arrangements for Crick's benefit in the hands of Miss Huht. Couldu't be in. better. Spleudid success anticipated. Barambogie water at a premium, as horse soup. Council advised to build soup kitchens. No obstruction likely to ari«e at the Council table. The Suburban Gho3t billed, for Tuesday evening. People wondering yvho he is. Is it the ghostof the Jubilee balance sheet ?. they keep asking—or the ghost of a banking account ?. Women's franchise an important feature of the ministerial programme. Let the bumper toast go round ! Messrs Brown and Searby have 24 hours longer to think out the relative influences exercised by press and pulpit. Literary Society courteous and considerate to a fault. Have postponed Monday night's debate in deference to Mr Isaacs' meeting. Gracious and expedient. Government policy as expounded bjr the Premier on Tuesday night last will be propounded by the Attornqy-General at Chiltern in the Star Theatre, on next Monday aighjb. A crowded house may be expected. Hancock hot upon the Premier. His language not quite a.s poetic and picturesque as that used tpwards Deakin. Gets there all the same though. All because, the Premier dared, to ask the courtry to send him into opposition or to send tbe labour party to— Coventry 1 • Terrible thunderstorm at Wangaratt*. This is like a judgement on the doomed, township. Lightening played sad havoc. Strange incident reported. Fowl struck with the bolt and nothing left but two feathers. This looks more like a Chinese visitation. The Argu$ correspondent waxes poetic in his scenic portrait of the.event. Kismet 1 Hancock "the fren? o' Nelsingl" This is what he says of Isaacs froni the political platform at Footscray. "The Attorney- General is the most useful and most fearless man in the Government and when the people knew what good he had done they would bless the name of Isaaes." " Sound the loud timbrel o'er Egypt's dark eea" The Attorney-General sliould be asked for an explanation on Monday night. Age failed to publish one word of the explanation made by Duncan Gillies, at his Elsternwick meeting in.repjy to his traducers. Age- with its characteristic- liberality towards its en.em.ies could only find place for the interactions of a few fully developed yahoos. Alas, for the degeneracy of- honest liberal journalism ! Thy name is vinflictiveness,.0. Melbourne Age- !• William Clifford Trench Kelly brought forward a motion in the Church of'England Assembly to reduce marriage licenses from £8. 3s to half a crown, in orden- to- compete with the matrimonial! agencies. This is a step in the right direction. Marriage will be no luxury henceforth. For the old fee a. fellow can marry 25 wives !' Fill- high the bowl! Tontcher of the A. N. A. retired last week from the Public Service on the plea of ill health—retired on a bloated pension of £40. per annum. Announced himself next day as a csndidate for Ararat. Will be - ' sgen the Government" of course. Pensionei» ought, to be all cremated. Fanoy taking the bread like this out of the mouths of needy politicians! And with forty ppu,u.dft ®f a pjn- 4 ion too ! 