HOW TOM RODMAN JOINED THE GERMAN ARMY. ' [By Poultney Bigelow.] "Thomas." said Professor Schinkel. as tliey were in the midst of supper, "run down and see what all the noise is about." Tom Rodman was only fifteen years old; but like most Yankee boys of his age, he was prefctv quick at getting news. He knew that the Ifrench Emperor had declared war against the Germans ; he knew that soldiers were being marched from every village of the fatherland, and he knew also that the Rhine was near to the frontier of Prance. He was just then—this was in 1S70—living in the family of Professor Schinkel, at Slangeustein, on the Rhine, and quickly made up his mind that the noise he heard in the street was made by-troops marching to the war. So, with-a big piece of brown bread in his band and another in his mouth, he sprang down stairs two steps at a time, and opened the front door. The street', was full of soldiers who wore helmets of black leather on their heads; and who looked very brown and strong. They all seemed to be looking for.something; they had been marching all day, and each soldier carried a knapsack that weighed quite as much as a very, heavy child. As Tom Rodman'was wondering.what these soldiers wanted, a big corporal with a straw-; colored; beard and blue eyes caine up, measured the house with his eyes, cpunjted .tjjp windqivs,' then pulled out a'piece of chalk and wrote, on the door—. ; : . ' - • . v " One corporal and seven men' • Tom: now. noticed that other doors,in .the street were being treated in the same,way, and quickly learned why; the whole town was to become night quarters for the troops marching to the war. ■ .... ... i "Is the Herr Professor at home.?V: asked .the corporal. . . . ■ , • ; :v ! "Yes; come this way," said Tom, now.very much excited, . " -. t -; The corporal knocked.at.the professor's door, and -walked in with a; sharp military ,tread He then stood holt upright, put brie hand to the side of . his helmet, after the soldier fashion,1 and "said, in a voice, that could be;heaird all over the house— ... , *. - . .i ...... : ; ,.- •' . "I begtotell you most respectfully, Herr Professor Schinkel, that it is my .duty, .to bring here for this "night one corporal. arid . seven men !" • " You ar^fi^^welopm^^erf-Gdrjiofal, said the professor. " I am giad that I am able to do a little good at this time for the brave men who are going to war for the sake of, our common country. _ All was now bustle in the Schinkel. family. The seven soldiers came, tramping upstairs, and were made as comfortable as was possible. Tom ran out to the baker's and the butcher's, and come running back with bread and meat. The soldiers had laid aside their guns, knapsacks, and coats, and each did his share in getting supper ready. Corporal Kutchke was invited to eat at the professor's table; and he made the evening pass rapidly by. telling stories about life in; the army. Tom liked the corporal, for he was'a big, healthy,' strong man, full of enterprise. The professor: found that Kutchke had been in the same university as himself, and they had many friends in common. Tom thought he would give anything if he could only be a soldier like Kutchke, .and go to the war. The corporal noticed Tom's excitement, and said, " Herr Professor, why don't you send your son there to fight for his country; The professor laughed. " My son ? .Why, he's not my son. He's not German, Torn is an American boy. His name is Tom Rodman. His mother is the widow of a distinguished American artillery officer, and, she. has sent him here to learn German 111 my fainily.". • "Well," said Corporal Kutchke,. "you do surprise me. • The boy . speaks such - good German that I never1 though;;. lie, could be a foreigner. But of course foreigners don't care about fighting for us." , ':VIK " K The door was pushed operr -with much force, and one of the soldiers marched into, the room, knocked: his heels together, stood very stiff and still, then said with a very,clear but yet rather sad-voice— . ; "Private Rothmann, ;has ;been taken very ill." ' . "Hulloo 1" thought Tom,' " that is a funny name for a German j--.it sounds like mine.". . Corporal Kutchke ordered the private to run and inform the army surgeon, while, he him self. went up stairs to learn - what ;he could. Rothmann was very pale and weak. /The heat, of the day - .had * affected him on the ■ march, and he was: now; tossing about in a feverish- maner. . The - surgeon came arid said that Rothmann was - wholly unfit to march, and must b^ left'behind. He was at once taken to the hospital. - As soon as Rothmann was gone, Tom Rodman went up to help the corporal about getting bedding'for his men. He found Kutchke seated on a dr,um rubbing his nose with.a drumstick^ <\- "Million Schock Donnerwetter!" said Kutchke., ," What will • my captain, say ? I shall be blamed: because. he,,fell; ill.. And it's not my. fault. .It's the fault of all the people along the road, who keep giving the soldiers cigars and sausage, and make them. useless for hard work." • •. ■ - III. ... " - ' When Tom went up to his room that night he felt very sore at not being allowed to go and fight with Corporal"-Kutchke and. he feared le3t people might think him a coward. He sat down on the edge of his bed and began to make, plans for running away and joining the army in spite of the professor. Just then he noticed the.uniform which Rothmann had left behind when, they had so hastily taken him to the hospital. He jumped up, quickly stripped. off his coat and trousers, and dressed himself in the uniform, of a Prussian foot- soldier. The fit was not perfect, but as he. looked, at himself in the glass he felt his shoulders: straighten up and his chest swell with pride, and when lie. had: finally put •on the knapsack, and. the cartridge-belt, and the warlike helmit with the- brass spike on top, he looked as though he .had been made for this particular uniform. He was just about reach ing/or Rothmann's gun, which had been hung against the,wall, when the door was thrown open, and Corporal Kutchke. stood facing him, looking as though he had seen a ghost. . " What • is ; it ? Who, are you ? ,' Are you Rothmann ?" . ! ,: Tom burst into a hearty laugh, and the corporal was so delighted at finding, that Torn" was not. the. ghost. of Rothmann that • he too joined. • ■ Suddenly. Corporal Kutchke slapped Tom on the back and said—"''I have a grand idea.. Do you want to be a soldier?" . ■ " Yes, indeed," said Tom. 'VWill.ypu .march withi'usbq morrow at day-' break?' "Certainly,-" saidToih. " •: "Then,"saidKutehke, 11 will take good care of you. It is against the regulations, but in war time we cannot be so strict. Your name is Rodman, and you must make believe that.you are the man . Rothmann whom we have left behind. . You. are, both, about the same size, and the captain- is not likely, to notice any thing amies! for I will drill you so that you will soon be as good as any of the recruits.; You are very big for your age, and you will have splendid stories to tell when you come back from- the war." ! "But what about the professor?" said Tom. .. " Oh,..that is simple enough," said the cor EoraL "Just write him a few lines telling im thai: you have gone to defend the father land against the French, and he will forgive you . in the end, even if he is angry for the moment." 1 ; iv. . There was hard marching for poJfTom, and his knapsack weighed very'heavily on his young soldiers, and now. and then he would gladly have gone back to his comfortable bed at. tho professor's, had he not been anxious to show his'Geirman comrades that au American could make a good soldier—for Tom was a very patriotic bov. .One night, as, they were 1 cooking their supper at the camp fire, Kutchke whispered in Tom's ear that some of their scouts had seen French uniforms in the dis tance, and that there would soon be a fight. At about 2 o'clock in- the morning his com pany was drawn up ready, to march, although it was pitch-dark. The captain made them a short speech, tailing them the}- must make no noise, tor they hope to get very near to the enemy before being seen, and if they fought well many of them might hope to get the Iron Gross, which is the most highly prized war medal in the German army.: Then each soldier held his hand carefully against his side so as to prevent the rattling of his tin water-bottle against his bavonet-scab bard, and thus they marched for about an hour in silence, keeping a sharp' look-out. to, right and left. Suddenly was heard ping-ping-ping, the sound of rifle-bullets whizzing over their heads, and soon commenced.a clatter of.Infantry, lire, for the French had discovered the movements of . this company iu the faint light of the dawning day.' But it was too late for effec tive resistance-on the part of the enemy, who were taken by surprise, and had to retreat up the slopes of a gentle hill, on the top of which stood six cannon, in a row; but, curiously enough, they were pointing in the opposite direction from Tom. As soon as the noise of the firing was heard, Torn heard the bugles blowing, and knew from this that the French would soon he firing off their big guns at them. Then the captain roared out to them to run as hard as they could and capture these six pieces of cannon before they could be turned round and fired off; so they all started with a great hurrah, and arrived at the guns just as the French artillerymen were trying tq, move them into proper positions. Tom could not tell exactly what happened, excepting that there seemed to be hundreds of swords waving in the air, and a constant rattling of infantry fire. , Now and then a man dropped, but Tom was too excited to notice why he dropped. His blood was aroused, and he thought only of keeping .near Kutchke and winning the Iron Cross. There was one cannon which was just about to be fired, when Kutchke sprang at the man in charge and knocked him down with the butt of his rifle; but no sooner was this done than another man sprang for ward to fire the. gun, and three Frenchmen attacked Kutehke at once. Then Tom. sprang forward like a wild cat and smashed the gun of a Frenchman who was just about sticking his bayonet through Kutchke's back, and at this the other two ran away. Then the cap tain, who was fighting close to them, shouted out, " Well done, Rodman ; you have saved Kutchke's life!" And the soldiers near by shouted " Hurrah!" still more vigorously, and looked at Rodman as though they were proud of him.. ■ But now the captain commenced , to be anxious for the safety of his company, and ordered the men to harness up the horses to the French cannon so as to get them.back as trophies, for there were signs in: the distance that.large forces of French' were coming up. They :had no sooner brought the horses up to be . harnessed than a regiment of French cavalry were seen galloping towards them in a cloud of dust. On. they came with'-loud shouts, and there was no time to waste. Tom's company was ordered to lie down beneath the guns and not to fire until'; the, horses were close to them, and then, to give them a volley all, together. -This plan worked splendidly, for the French were so surprised ,by this sudden response that therewas nfuch con fusion amongst them, and . they -hesitated. I Tom noticed aFrench officer carrying a flag, which in war. is considered a yery precious trophy. hen. : that- Frenchman saw the effect of the first volley he lookgd about him. as though .. ready to run away, -and; when a second volley was fired, which killed more Frenchmen, he wheeled round, with the flag.in his hand: and .put spurs to his ,horse., But Tom did not wait for orders in the presence of such an opportunity.- He seized the nearest artillery horse, jumped into the saddle, in the twinkling of an eye,, and made straight for the flying French o8Tdeiy~ The -race was an.excit ing one, and Tom"soon discovered that it- was likely to be a dangerous one,;, .for .they soon left the battlefield behind them, and; be-, had before him the prospect of fighting a, desperate man. Tom had : no weapons, - for he had throy/n.away his gun, and at the same time he had cast off his knapsaclj and cartridge belt. Tom shouted to the Frenchman that he must surrender, but the Frenchman' paid no atten tion tiff it; so Tom took off the stirrup.leathers from, the saddle -while his horse kept-up his furious pace. He hung the,two stirrups'on to one leather, -and joined the two leathers to gether so that they would_ stretch a long dis tance. Then he swung this around his head as though it had been a long sling, and waited for a time to use it. -The Frenchman.was not a very good rider, and the country over which he rode was rather rough, so that he did not dare to turn round in the saddle excepting just enough to point his pistol at Tom and fire it off without hitting anything. Tom was gaining inch by inch, and at last was ready for a blow. A narrow and rapid river was close ahead of them, and the French man no -doubt felt that escape was hopeless without a struggle, so lie drew his sword," wheeled his horse, and attacked Tom for the purpose of running him.. through the body. Tom kept cool, swung his long leather gently around his head, and just at the moment when the Frenchman was ready to make his lunge , he gave all all liis strength to a final swing that brought the stirrups together against the left cheek of the Frenchman, who fell to the " ground stunned and bleeding. One blow was enough, and Tom sprang from his horse, seized the nag and sword from the enemy, and then fetched water from the river and bandajred up the' Frenchman's wound. Tom would nave stayed longer with this French officer had it not been that French troops made their appearance over tlie tops of the ridges. ^ v. ■ 'V: ■, With the sabre, of a French cavalry officer in one hand and the standard of aFrench cavalry regiment in the other, Tom ran as hard as His legs could carry'him towards the rapid1 stream which was not more than fifty yards from where he had had tlie short fight. It was no use trying to escape on'horseback, for his retreat was cut off by French cavalry; indeed, it seemed to Tom' as though French men had started up out of the'ground all around him, and he realised-that lie was now ciit off entirely fronl his comrades and must make good use of' his wits if lie wished to avoid being killed or made prisoner. Along the edges of this stream were clumps of over hafiging bushes, and into the thickest of them he sprang, where he lay effectually concealed. Pretty soon a detachment of Frenchmen passed close to him; and he heard one of them say— V" . ' ' ■' "Oh, that sacre Prussien ! How l should like to catch him and get back the standard of ourregiment! But I don't see how he could have knocked our .captain off his horse: it is most mysterious. However, I suppose he has drowned himself in the river, and so I ought to be satisfied. ' Tom did. not know' the name of this river, or where it led to, but he ' knew enough oE -geography to know that if he kept, on it long enough he should arrive at the'Rhine. - He was an expert swimmer, and made up his mind that the only way open to him-was to travel by water and avoid' the land. Of course he did not dare move by, daylight, bnt as soon as the" sun was set he launched himself upon the stream and struck out with the current. The sabre and.standard he had wrapped round and round with • small branches cut from the bushes, and this, served him not only as a means of concealing his trophies, but also as a help, for it supported him when he was tired. His uniform he had to leave behind, for it would have been , in his way, and he' wore nothing but his shirt and a sort of bathing drawers; which he made by cutting off the lower part of the uniform trousers. Thewater was, fortunately warm, and Tom was prepared for a good long swim. -He had gone about an hour, and already lie had 'begun to fell that he could not stand very much more of this kind of work, when he noticed ahead, of hihi something'black. He struck out for it,' and found that it was a mas sive door, which had' been broken off from some peasant's barn and probably thrown into the rivet opt of mischief by some prowling band of sold iers. To the great delight of Tom this barn door was so big that he could lie' lipo'n it and ' find • most welcome rest as he floated on down stream at the rate.of' five or six-miles an hour.. Tom'had. nothing to eat with him,- but he. tightened his belt and tried to'think of other things, and soon he fell asleep with his-head resting in the water on one side of the raft and his leg3 in the water on the .other side. •; r - ; ' As he'lay sweetly-dreaming he was suddenly awakenen by ^a Boun(^ of voice's and by the fierce light of a^huge camp fire on the bank. The voices were French,' and Tom could understand this much— . : - ■ : • ' "Look out there! I see something;;• sus picious on the river. . "It is a corpse" said .another Frenchman, .and then Tom heard a laugh. ■ . 1 >: "Becareful there," cried another, "or he will float down upon us and poison our soup*;" and then Tom heard footsteps coming down to the water's edge ; thenhe felt a push against his raft and the scraping of a bayonet point .against one of his legs. So near was he that he could smell the fragrant supper—the onions, the beef, and the smoke-of the wood fire. About half an hour from where he had left the Frenchmen cooking their soup he rounded a bend in the. river, and'saw ahead of him another camp-fire, with soldiers about it wear ing German forage- caps. He recognised the big straw-colored beam: of Kutchke, and knew at once that he was amongst friends. He floated close to the bank where.the corporal stood, and pretended to be a corpse. No one noticed him until he was at their very feet, and then he heard someone say, "Acli, there is a corpse! Push it away quickly!" And then he heard Kutchke call out, "No; wait until I see it. Perhaps it is Tom Rodman." Then i he heard the heavy tread, of Kutchke; and presently the corporal's voice could be heard, breaking out into loud lamentation! "Ah, yes," said he, "it is poor Rodman, who saved my life from the Frenchmen ! How dreadful that I should have brought him to the war! "What can I do?' " Why, you can give me something to eat J" came from tho raft; anu with these words , Tom .Hodman sat bolt upright and laughedin | Kutehke's face. Then there Was a loud hurraff j in thq cariip. and all the soldiers flocked down ! to see'the miracle of Rodman coming to life and asking for something to eat. Kutchke embraced' him and kissed him several times, and called him bis saviour. All the men shook hands with hira, and he was at once put into a good warm uniform and given'tlie most com fortable seat by the fire, where' fie was pro vided I with a big tin full* of well-Cooked cab bage, sausage, and bread, which tasted exceed ingly well after the hardships of the' last twenty-four hours. In ' the midst. :, of it arrived the captain, who wanted, also Ito hear the1 story of Tom's escape and' why He had chased after the French officer. Tom told his adven tures, and then .produced the French cavalry standard and the sabre of the officer whom he had kuocked from. his horse with the pair of stirrups. - ' . ' ' All were delighted at! the result of Tom's courage, and Kutchke said that Tom deserved three Iron , Crosses—one for saving his life, another for capturing the standard,; and another for bringing home' the sabre; Tom was'very popular with his comrades, and the news of his adventures soon reached the ears of the colonel of his regiment, and he was soon afterwards informed that he was to receive the Iron Cross. The whole regiment was formed into three sides of a square, and the colonel called out the ' name of Tom Hod man, who stepped forward, and stood very stiff I while the colonel asked after him and his family. Tom could not any longer conceal the fact that he . was not a German, but an American, boy, and tho colonel promised to say 'nothing about it in order that Kutchke should not be punished.' So this is how Tom Rodman joined the German army, and was the first American to wear the famous Iron Cross. The colonel cabled to his mother in America, so that she might not be alarmed, and the professor easily forgave his pupil for all the anxiety that Tom had caused nim.—! Harper s Round Table, 