THE DAY OF REST. ? IBY * SULKEB, D.D.) : AU^iPtMeifS-^ea byiuBpiijiaoB of God, and Is profiUbiefor doOTRne, for reproof, for correction, for iBrtrocuonm righteousness; that the man of God may be perfect, ichorous-hly fomiahed onto all good woria. —2 Tlx. ni., nnr. Th& passage doee not read in exactly tie same way in the Revised Version. The stxte- , mOJJt in the Revised "Version commences in thitfway—"Every Scripture inspired of God as also profitable for teaching, for reproof," and TO on. That is to say, while the old ver- Kondlpaka the apostle say that the whole Scrip; ture iiVinspired, what the new version make the apostle Bay is that every Scripture that is . inspired iapro£tai>l e, and so on. Now, there has beet a great tdeal of controversy aboat \- which o*- these is the right way to read the ygrae, b»t\ unless it could be shown that St. Attf had : a different notion from the other • teachers of 1. the earlie st Christianity as to the puts of tiu? Bible, it seems to me that the dif- .» ferenoe iE r eally trifling-between saying that therwheSeltiblij is inspired and every part of itisinspimL . m\ TItE BIBLE EBBOBLESS? Now, what ha- it is the w*hole Bible that is B&id; to beinBrtin ad, or every part of it, what is the. result - of- i nspinfcitkm"? The answer of > theology to ttust has often been t'errorlassn ess, "and I clar esay that would be the first answer that wtVul 1 oome to the mi fids of many —errorlessnefcs r-L aspired Scripture is without mistake^ and of c ourse here again we land in . controversy. A»t the present time, as you are \- all awore,even aim ong those who believe in the " Bible, there is K la A contro versy as to whether the Bookjs or is. not altogether without mistakes. The attitUQ e of the Church prepared \- to show there are lie < mistakes in the 'Bible has ' thi&graat; advanfajgs —that every alleged error t has been sifted to, fc^e bottom; and I do not think any taf will de ny that a vast number of thetn at all events sire found, when fuller lipht is bronghtto bear i»n _ them, to he no mistakes at alL I do not thnik that any oompetent person would*denyt that at'the present.tima the progress of .fenqiiiry, historical and ' archeotologieai—for * example, the unearth- • injy infche basins of the Euphrates end the Nils of the reconSs of the past—is 8tronj*ly tending to strengthen f* ; th in the veracity • of^isxPtaB. It -WOI lid be indeed a calamity -if t^evftuircb ever lield ai attitude to the • allegederrors of Scripture different from that ' of the-koanest scrutiny and scepticism. This is demanded by reg:urd for,lute moral character pf the writers of Scripture, apart -altogether from the theories of inspiration, ! boQau8o «arely one or the prim? qualifications ofa-writer of any serious book is the love of 1 ("'•fifftbi. Xbeeasy: and slovenly -way in which 1 same Mra havegiven op faith.in the errorlessness sif Scripture, are prepared 'to admit mistaJcesheceand thore ana everywhere is very terrible, because, Trhen in this .way allegations of error are invited, they are certain to be • furthcoming' in such numbers as to- riddle die tmstaarorthmass of ScriptcM. And it is , y .vaiti4md«bsard to suppose tnat these, if not jnetjtpdansivBDed, will not touch, people's taUfr;tn Scripture, All joy in the reading of tha'Bitilo is triken away if jat «veiy step yon uejaotnure vhether 'you are waking upon baramnd quic&sandsor; uponfact. The very , Ifewtktfeat-the defenders of Scripture will have alwjMS to naake ont is" the, genuine veracity and htrtrairety ofthe Book as a wiiole. OD TFL» oSborband, if you say tihv.t the result , inspiration, ie errorlessness, if yew say that ^ bddlyr-5 muan if you make that statement you sue running a great risk. • If on are jwnJBng the ship oo a sam;le anchor. \- What if WBD& enquiring minds, t«ing con- ' fronted -with slletred mistakes in tie Bible, are nobatis to ib&«atisSfid with' the explanations that ave given of these? Are they in that case to giye up their faith in Scripture? You n? light to risk their £aith m that way. t^We AOHM not-trust to one anchor if there baza oth««s available, and in tbe present ^instutokiAete aoe others avaflaiie. Errorlessness, ewsnif it eaa be proved, is far too negative a .result of inspiration, to be the Bole one- Whetf i»ly men of- God spake, being morad by tho My Ghost, the effects of their * inspiration fermourepositivoaodrich than ; itfczaecrodessia^s. -In the larger Catechism t OBcnrsthiB question— "Howdoth it appear that tbe Scriptures are tbe Word of God?" and this is the answer—"The Scriptures manifest themselves to be the Woi^l of God by their majesty and parity^ by tbe consent of' all the parte, altd ue ^n^pe of the whole, which is to give to God; by their light and power to • convince «id convert sinniers, to comfort and ^ibnild upTJelievera unto salvation: but the God, bearing witness by and wash r'SeSiiriptares in the neart of man, is alone M jLUe folqr to persuade it that they are ifce ^Mry Word of God." Now. there is bo doubt Qihat' the-compilers of the Larger Catechism , <^b^lieved in ?he errorlessness of Scripture, l>ut so fir from making use of itVhen they wisr© <.. giving their reasons for belief in the divinity .'of the Bible, .they did not even mention it; 'and our.text, which is, perhaps, the fullost . statement of the Bible on the subject, dees „ ^jpot mention it. It is stating the effects of in- , Bpiration, and what it says is this:—"Evtcy "Bcriptuie inspired of God is profitable fbr doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for iais righteouanesi—that the man of "'^od may be perfect, throughly furnished unWf '^alLifaiDd ^ftrkn."- Now let us look this -after-. -Soon, at ttese evidences of the divinity of a given hy the Bible itself. IMPBESSIONS OF MEN. Fust of alCit says that its divinity is proved l -by this, that it is profitable for doctrine. s -Doctrine ,means teaching, or knowledge; s jfbpeoially here, knowledge of God. If you 1 4 jnSh Botne -mor» scientific definition I will pf^eodUin doctrine in this way; doctrine is-the • ? ej^iwwiion of the impressions that-God -makes " on^. God is making impressions on all men, ,injEui wtxkB and in ESbsprovidence. .He is fnllar impreseiqns on iq^ie men, .who near, to Bim in prayer, and who put Liikmielvei under the influence of His Son and R^gf.^.Sis Spirit. -Now, when receiving these »imsfressions of God, we give - them expression ui trords, the result is doctrine. I dare say some of you may be-thinking there is a far ^shorter path to doctrine than that. Ton can 1 get it from teachers^and Professors; you can find it in books; the catechism and confession Aof tha (%urch-embody it; above all,' you can "j get it in the Bible. But living doctrine is\not >;'^rbe!foond by any suoh short cut. Yon can- ^not lia>v« a real knowledge of God without con- < tact with God. YOB would never call a man a botanist however much he had learned of the theory of plants if' he never had plucked the in the fields, and if he would be panby being confronted with a living •specimen. You would never call a man an artist however much lie knew of the theory of -painting if he never baa put pencil to paper, or .with his braBh on the canvas set forth the Jahdacape or the form of the 'human face divine. Mnch less'can we acquire any,real and living knowledge of God without contact with God. »XtiS not in books, then, not even in the Bible, itmmrily, that we get doctrine. And yet the profitable for doctrine. Although we ^receive impressions of God, forexample, in His works; we receive these impressions far*more . fully When we take the Bible to the works of God. Moet human beings moving about among jjtlib works of God receive very vague impres- MBl<ms of their Creator; but those who read and love thp- Bible acquire a new sense by which i ? #! *b«ryj6aB see Grod in His works. They read ' ^he eighth Psalm, and there is a new meaning for them In the -starry heavens. They read the . \6ermon on the Mount, and it bestows a new tongue upon the lily of the field. When the > ^blelight» up Nature it is like sunshine falling onan obscure inscription. All the letters •yank* broqght out, and the message becomes ^ledpheranle. And how much more is this triie m the more interior elements of religion; for instante, in prayer and in the experiences • of ealvation. ^It is through the word that the f: spirtt communicates to us the things of Christ, Mid. it is in the word that we find the best expression for the experiences thus acquired. .' Now-this is the argument: If the light we '•g.^receive' about God by direct contact with Him ' M brooght injijbe Bible into a light of the same . kind; only brighter, can there be any question : where the light in the Bible comes from? : Now, after saying that the Scripture\ is • profitable for doctrine, there follow other three words—for reproof, for correction, for instruc- ^ , tion in righteousness. Perhaps reproof should go with doctrine, as th6 negative of which ' do^xine is the positive, meaning that the Bible is profitable for giving us right ideas about God, and also for keeping away from us VA wrong ideas about .God. And possibly the •' other two words go 'together in a similar way— correction and instruction in righteousness. These may be the negative and positive sides of one idea. The Bible gives us not only instruction in righteousness, but also instruction in what is unrighteousness, so that we may avoid it. Perhaps " profitable for righteousness" might express this second idea of our text First, the Bible is profitable for doctrine, and second, for righteousness. I . suppose these two-ideas taken together are \- very much' the same as would be generally expressed by saying theory and practice,. or, as the Confesaion of Faith says, faith and "morals. The Bible is profitable for teaching ns not only-.about God, but also about our- . selves and our duty. • PROFITABLE FOB BIGHTEOVSJIESS. Let me dwell a little on this second statement—that the Bible is profitable for nghteousness. -In order to find tne moral law we do not need primarily to go to the Bible. The moral law is written in the constitution of the world. " We are made to feel by illness that evil-doing is punished. The policeman, as the arm of eociety, brings home to the transgressor his ; guilt. Still more clearly is the moral law to be seen in our conscience. We have only to listen-to the inner voice, in most crises, to ' find out what is ripht and what is wrong. Still,'the Bible is profitable for righteousness. Just as the revelation of God in nature is made clear by the Scripture, so the revelation : of God in the constitution of the world and in conscience is made clear by the Scripture. • When the light of Scripture falls on the constitution of the world, then we see the lines sunk there by the Creator on which our lives are intended to move forward, and tbe Scripture brought into contact with conscience wakens it np and gives point to its decisions. It wakens the sense of past guilt and the foreboding of future punishment. The Bible has been called, the Book of the conscience. Other great books, like Homer's or Milton's " Paradise IiOst, r> are books of the imagination, or, like Newton's "Principia"or Bacon's '-'Novum Organum," are books of the intellect, but the Bible is the Book of the conscience. Have you never noticed when reading the Bible that it seems » know all about you, all your past history, all the corneas of your nature, the most secret movements of feeling and desire? It seems to know them all, and through this knowledge of ourselves it leads us back to a fuller knowledge of God, because it is only by the knowledge of our own sin that we.come to know God's grace fully, and that "we come to appreciate the cross of Christ. Now, when tbe Bible has this power of bringing us, so to speak, before a great white throne where we are condemned, and then of satisfying and pacifying the conscience with a sense of forgiveness and peace, is it not evidentAv'hence the Bible comes? A HELP TOWARDS PEEKECTION. The third service rendered by the Bible is indicated by the words " that the man of God may be perfect." Perfection is the ideal of every man, and it is the daily and life-long passion of every man of God. It may never be fully attained in this life, but after nothing less can the man of God strive. Oh, what a splendid hope it is to be all that our Creator intended us to be. Now, when V man has that passion he will nowhere find such help as in the Word of God. For one thing, the image of Christ is there. He was the perfect man, His was the perfect life, and from the contemplation,of that image more have been inspired to seek after perfection than by any other means whatever. This, however, though the principal, is not the sole help to perfection that the Bible supplies, ^t is Sill of examples that help. From the beginning to the end of the Bible there is a-call up the heights. Now there.are many simple souls—rand I think I would like to be reckoned, among them —who feel that this is.the best proof pt the divinity of Scripture for them. What they saj is this—Whenever I am sinning back eliding, and indifferent Z dislike niy jfibla'aad neglect it; and the more I negleqt it the taqre earthly aaHtaidened I become.-'- Oaithe other hand, when 1 am aspiring, when X intf tryintr to do my duty, when l am eeeking God. then I love my Bible, and the more I rea^l it the holier I become. What better proof" than that can there be'of the source from which the Bible is derived? It-may occur to some one to object that as much as that might be said of a»y good book. You might say of the "'Imitation of Christ" or of Bunyan's "Pilgrim's Progress" that the oftener you read it the better you become.' Yes, but that jnst brings to light another strong evidence of the divinity of Scripture. Christian literature has now swollen to enormous dimensions, and its greatest books are amohf the most precious possessions of men of God; but they are but mere echoes of the Bible,, and the better they are the more do they emnhasise and acknowledge their dependence. The fourth service which our text ascribes to the Scriptures is indicated in these words, " furnished, to all good works."' The foregoing phrase, " that the man of God may be perfect' refers to personal character. The phrase, "throughly, furnished to all good works" refers to usefulness, and these two things go together. They are the two things we all require; first, inwardly to be perfect, and then outwardly to be useful. THE EVANGELIST'S BBOADSWOBD. Now, for some kinds of usefulness the profitableness of the Scriptures hardly need to be enforced. For the work of the minister, for instance, or the missionary, it is obviouslv indispensable. What could he'.do without his Bible? It is.his broadsword, and there is none like it. Every Sabbath-school teacher knows that his usefulness depends upon his mind being saturated with God's Word; and so does every witness for Christ know it. But I do not think this exhausts what is meantbr every good work.' I think it means preparation for all the emergencies of life; to rise to its opportunities ; to overcome its temptations. There is a tide in the affairs of men Which, taken at the flood, leads on £o fortune; Omitted, all the voyage of their life Is bound in shallows and immsery. But that tide of opportunity does not, as £he poet, seems to suggest, rise only once in a lifetime. It is more like the n&tural; tide ofthe ocean, which rises .every day. Every,'day it brings opportunities of grasping blessings and overcoming'temptations, and who'is the man that is thoroughly furnished for meeting every crisis as it conies? I venture'to say it is the man who.is daily seeking his guidance and his inspiration in the Word of God. In Greek, this phrase " throughly fur nished" is applied to ships, and you can all conceive what the ship thoroughly furnished is like. It is not like those ships of our own navy of which we sometimes hear, one of which lacks a boiler—the driving power; and another the helm—the guiding power; and another the compas, and so on. But it is like that ship, also of our navy, the tale of which will long be told—I daresay you will remember it—the tale of the Calliope; now it was in a Samoan bay, along with other ships of war of other nations, when a terrific hurricane came on, tearing up the anchors and casting the ships ruthlesslytgpon the rocks. _ The captain of the Caliope resolved immediately to put his to the test, and gave orders to' turn on full steam. It was done, and thebraveship began to fight for her life. It was a, terrific conflict, but inch by Inch she made her way against the fury of the storm, and the crew of a French vessel, drifting past to inevitable destruction, could not help raising a cheer: At last the grand ship came forth out of the jaws of death and pursued her course in the open ocean. What made her able to do that? It was because sbe was thoroughly furnished. And in the orises *of our lives the men and women who will overcome will be' those -who are thoroughly famished by the diligent, prayerful, and loving study of the Word of God. I have spoken on this subject at this time because I am aware that it is perplexing many minds. -Perhaps I have pot answered all the uestions which you would like to ask me, but ? am convinced I . have indicated the true course of enquiry. Let me sax,, to perplexed minds here: Broaden the basis of your faith. Throw out not one anchor, but all the anchors; and whether you are satisfied or not about some difficulties you have about alleged mistakes in Scripture, ponder these statements that the Scripture makes to you about itself, land see whether they are not convincing proofs of its Divine origin—that it iB profitable for doctrine, for correction, for reproof, for instruction in righteousness; that the man of God may be perfect, throughly furnished to every good work. 