IN THE NICK OF TIME. Little Mrs Brooke a foot? Not a blt of it. Plenty of people thought her one, onisled by her guileless babyface, her en gaging airs of helpless ignorance and the empty ohatter, which flowed so unceas ingly from her pretty lips. All the same they were mistaken. She might be ill educated, knowing nothing of, and car ing less for, science, art, literature, or politics. Nevertheless, she was quite clever enough to look after her own in terests, and to be quoted by nine men out of ten as the nicest woman of their acquaintance. At eighteen, too, as the insignificant daughter of a country par son, she had been sufficiently intelligent to attract the notice of old George Brooke, of Erooksby, to marry him, and, in the difficult position of a young and pretty woman tied to a surly husband three times her age, to conduct herself with such circumspection as to win the approval of the county and the con fidence of her lord and master, who six years later died, leaving her five thou sand a year at her own disposal. Yet, being but human, she had made' her slips. It was of one oT these slips-the one gigantic act of folly of her life, that senseless love affair of hers with Phillip Tryon-that she was thinking one No vember afternoon. "I must have been mad," she told herself. Mad indeed to have allowed herself ever to listen to the vows of devotion which he was notori ously ready to lay at the feet of any pretty woman; to respond to them; nay, more, to wrlte those fatally compromis ing letters, and to a man notoriously destitute alike of mercy or honor where women were concerned. "I was mad!" she repeated. How made. she had never really realised till that moment! At the time the episode b::id not troubled her over much. Colonel Tyron had come and gone,. had loved, and had ridden away. She had come to her senses: the affair wan dead and buried, and there was an~ end of it. And now, when after six years of slavery, cut off from all the pleasures of youth six years. during which, tied to the chair of a querulous old man, she paid to the full the price of her present liberty-now that she was admired, wealthy, free to consult her own inclinations; now that tile one man she would have chosen out of the world had just laid at her feet his name, himself, :nd his worldly goods; now this ghost of the past must needs rise .again to pull downl the edifice on which lher whole future happiness rest ed! Was ever the resuscitation of an old love more inopportune? She was disturbed - oppressed by a vague foreboding of ill-when, arriving at the Finches' for a week's covert shooting. she found Colonel Tyron among the party. She quite agreed with her fiance, Sir James Blunt, when he expressed his annoyance at the presence of such a man. "I may be straitlaced," he said, 'hut, personally, I don't think he ought to be allowed in side any decent house, and I'm surprised the Finches should have him here. In a way he is good company, and a good shot, so that people seem to put up with him. As it is, you can't help know ing him, Isuppose." "But I do know him already, worse luck!" She confessed- where was the use of concealing what before long must be known?-"he came to Brooksby once." Sir James frowned. "At all events, have as little to do with him as pos sible," he said. "That I can safely promise," she re joined "for I like the man as little as you do." Never was woman so sweetly submis sive to the wfll of man. Never was pro. anise more sincerely and quickly given. Would, alas! that it might have been kept with equal promptitude! Mrs Brooke, with the feebly evasive tactics -which were all she dared to pursue, was no match for Colonel Tryon with his .obvious determination to renew the old relations. 'What shall I do?" wondered the un fortunate woman. "He means to get ame to marry him. WVhat shall I do?" 'Why, refuse him. Let him propose, and have done with it. A gentleman cannot refuse to accept his dismissal at the hands of a lady. That he should attempt coercion! Oh, impossible! Not to be thought of! Yet that was precisely what had happened. Gentleman or not, Colonel Tryon, not three hours ago, had refused to take no for an ans'er. "You don't know your own mind" he said, coolly. "You loved me before. 'You will love me again. I am sure of it. We know one another. Wh are ad mirably suited to one another. You will reconsider your decision, I am sure."' "Never!" she declared. "How can I, when I have already promised to marry another man? It is out of the question. Indeed, you have no right to speak to me of marriage at all, and I must beg you not to mention the subject again. "I cannot obey you. My claims, re member, are prior to Sir Jamnes Blunt's. I must and will enforce them." "What do you mean?" She was im pressed by his determination. "What I say. I will never give you up to another man." "And I will never give up Sir James." "In that case it is he who will give you up, when that old correspondence of ours has been submitted to him, as it most certainly will be." Choking with rage and terror, she turned upon him. "You dare to say you will show-my letters?" she gasped. "I have no choice. I am not so poor a1 lover as to give up the woman I adore without a single blow. Besides, all is fair in love and war. See! This is Wed nesday. Think it over and after tea on Friday I will come to you here for my answer. Be kind, Ella, to yourself and to me. Don't drive me to extremities. All, I swear, shall be well if only you wtill say yes." "And if I say no?" "'Then I shall have no choice but to place your letters in Sir James' hands. He must decide." "It will do you no good,," she cried, defiantly. "You may ruin me, but I will never, never marry you." lie smiled. "Never is a long time," he said, with the air of confident superiority she found so maddening. "I know you better than you know yourself. I can trust to time to prove to you the worth of my love and constancy, as well as the value of a husband's name and protection. The world, re member, is n censorious one, and a lone woman lies completely at the mercy of evil tongue." She clinched her little fists in impotent 'ury. "You fiend-coward!" she cried. "Oh, if I were only a man!" "Be reasonable, Ella. I am no fiend, no enemy. Believe me, I am your true and faithful lover." "Then have mercy upon me! Give me the letters, I beg and implore of you, and 1 will be your grateful and devoted friend for life." lie smiled. "I do not want your friendship, but I 'ill give you the letters - on our wed 'ding dacy." And then she broke down completely. 'Threats, abuse, tears, pitiful appeals for mercy--she tried them all. They pro voked renewed assurances of his devo tion, but no hint-of yielding in his pur tose. Oh, it was hard-hard to be ruined for an indiscretion of which, too, she had .o heartily repented. To lose all, not only the position and wealth for which ner soul craved, but also the man she loved with all her heart. And she would have made him so true, so tender a 'Wife. Except for the one false step, bhe had been a good wife to old George Brooke. Ite certainly thought so. And if she had satisfied the husband for whom she cared so little, how much more would she satisfy the man she adored! And noiv all was over! For Whatever happened, she must lose her lover. Unless- "If only one could get hold of those letters!" she said to herself. "After all, why not ? In all Drobability he had them with him. And 1nen are always careless about their Lkeys. Could one not steal up after din er? . Surely an attempt might e made,s made-with no result but the *t VlaS made-with ao result but the humiliation of being found out. She could: have sworn that no one had seen her enter or leave Colonel Tyron's room, and that she had replaced everything precisely as she found it, yet "Don't try that on again," he said, with a meaning laugh, as he wished her good-night. "It's dangerous; quite useless, too. They are here," tapping his breast-pocket, "and here they will remain- till Fri day.": All through the long watches of a sleepless night Mrs Brooke turned and tossed in despair. "What shall I do?" she groaned. "What shall I do?" The thougnt of suicide at once crossed her mind, only to be abandoned.. She was both too brave and too cowardly not to fight the fight out to the bitter end. "If I were only a man, I would drag the letters from him by force," she vowed throutn her set teeth. Well, she was not a man, but there were smen -Bob Saunders, for instance. He was coming the next day. He might help her. He was the very man to help her. Not a lover! Heaven forbid! Lovers cherish strange ideals and delusions, which it does not do to disturb. Besides, lovers are selfish folk. They don't do anything for nothing. No! Bob was just the oldest,thebest,andmoststaunch friend she had in the world, neither making any pretence at perfection him self nor expecting it from his associates; with the kindest of hearts, too, through which his sound head might surely be worked upon. More-he detested Colonel Cryon. She remembered with re lief now, even in the old days, Bob had warned her against the man. At the time she laughed at the warning thought it jealousy. If only she had lis tened ! Never mind; Bob would help. her now-if not for love of her, then for hatred of her enemy. She hastened to confide in him. Draw ing him into the conservatory after din nor, "I've made a terrible goose of my self, do you know?" she sighed. "Been and gone and done for myself entirely." Mr Saunders was a man of few words. "What is it?" he asked. " Man or money?" "Man-Colonel Tryon. He is bent on getting nie to marry him. What am I to do?" "Refuse him." "I can't. I daren't. Oh, Bob, if you only knew how wretched I am! The fact is I was idiot enough to write him some letters years ago, and now he threatens-lmagine what a scoundrel he must be!-that if I don't throw over Sir James Blunt he will send him the letters. He'll do it, too, the brute!" Mr Saunders did not waste time in in vective. "Are they bad?" he merely asked. "Awful! James would never forgive them. I should die. If only I could get hold of them! I have done everything I could think of. I've raged, begged, prayed, nearly gone on my knees to him. I'm in despair. Oh, Bob, wouldn't you-couldn't you help me?" What could he do? Expostulate, and be told to mind his own business? Use force? The days of duelling are past. Besides, to brawl over a woman would be a strange way of helping her to keep her reputation. As for threats, they must be empty ones. Any attempt to show up the man must recoil a thous andfold on the woman's head, as no one knew better than Tryon would know. Y'et, looking a:t her miserable face, her eyes laden w:th tears, her lips piteodsly quivering, how could he tell her all this? "I'll do what I can," he said; where upon Mrs Brooke, who possessed the enviable capacity of throwing off her cares by the simple expedient of shifting them to the shoulders of some other person, went happily to bed and to sleep. It was a cruel and unexpected blow to her when the following morning, in answer to her interrogative glances, he shook his head. "Very sorry," he said, "Did my best, and got roundly snubbed for my pains. He won't give them up." "He won't?" she asked blankly. The women had gone out to watch the shoot ing, and she was standing with him in a ride alone. "Can't you make him?" "Only by making a scandal, which is the very thing we want to avoid." "Then can nothing be done?" To his Infinite relief she didn't cry. All the baby softness had left her face, which was set and hard. "Why not tell Blunt yourself in your own way and chance it?" he suggested, feebly. She took no notice of the words. "I Iwish I were a man," she said abruptly. "Why?" "I would kill that scoundrel." And then she laughed. "As it is, being a wo man, all I can do is to go home and cry. Good-bye. I can't stay here to talk and laush and make believe. I'll be off You can tell James I have a headache. No. don't come with me. It's not half a mile, and I'd sooner be alone. Safe? Of course I'm perfectly safe. I'm not going near the guns." No sooner had she gone than he was sorry for it Accidents happen so easily. In her desperate frame of mind she would certainly not take precad tions against danger. She might even court it. He ought not to have let her go until the drive, at all events, was over. Yet, when a lady tells one she would rather be alone "Poor little soul!" he reflected. "I shouldn't be sorry if Tryon did get be tween me and a pheasant, and if by ac cident, my gun did happen to go off." And then, hearing a shot, he decided just to look round the corner and see if she were safe out of covert. He looked. Well l! Odd creatures women, to be sure! There she was, with a man just inside the covert-Tryon, of all men, too -laughing and talking away with him, showing her pretty dimples, and smiling up into his face with that charmingly confiding way of hers. Bob shook his head. "Trying to make a fool of him," he reflected. "That won't do. Tryon's too old a bird to be caught with such chaff." But here the advent of a fine cock pheasant sailing along effectually di verted his thoughts. And here came another, and another. Right, left, be hind, in front-the air was full of them. And so, in this hottest corner of a well stocked covert, with a strong wind driv ing the birds across the tall tops of a belt of firs. _Mr Saunders for the next ten minutes had neither time nor incli nation to give his mind to anything but the work of slaughter. At last the cannonade grew less and less. dwindling to an occasional stray shot, and here were the beaters. Well, like all good things, it was over. No, not quite. A last shot rang out-Tryon, of course! What luck the man had: The birds simply fly into his mouth. Not that Mr Saunders had anything to complain of, as he put his gun at half-cock, coin placently surveyed a small heap of empty cartridge-cases and a big heap of birds, and strolled towards his left-hand neighbor. Nor did he complain. He was just expressing the opinion that, if the day went on as it had begun, no one would have much to find fault with, when a scream-a woman's cry for help-startled the pair, and sent them post haste down the ride, round the cor ner out of the covert. There, just out side, lay Colonel Tryon on the ground, with a frightful wound in his head, from which the blood was pouring in streams. Mrs Brooke, by his side-her dress and hands all bedabbled with blood, her face white and rigid-rushed at them. "He shot himself!" she whispered hoarsely, pointing to the prostrate man. " He did it himself." And then she burst into a wild fit of laughter. which ended in a dead faint. He did it himself ? Of course - who else could have done it? The loader had gone in search of a badly wounded bird, and Mrs Brooke had started home wards. Hearing her name, she turned. Colonel Tryon was hurrying after her, when he slipped and fell at her feet. Quite so. There was the projecting root of the tree over which he must have tripped, discharging his gun, the con tents of which lodged in the right ear and caused instant death. A most de plorable accident. No one ever thought otherwise, except Mr Saunders.. He might believe--as a matter of fact he did believe--that Mrs Brooke herself, and not blind fate, was responsible for the removal of her enemy from her path. This belief, however, he has carefully kept to` himself. After all, it was no business of his. The man was a brute, who richly deserved anything he might get. Foi the rest-the letters vanished, and there was an end of the matter. All the same; Mr Saunders has never seen his way to accepting of the frequent in vitations given him by Sir James Blunt. He is delighted to hear of the domestic felicity enjoyed by his old friend, but he does not care to witness it. To tell the truth. he has a distinct aversion to any further communication with Lady Blunt; nor, as he shrewdly suspects, is the eight of him particularly agreeable to her.--"The World." 