OUR LONDON LETTER. : » (From Our Own Correspondent.) LONDQN, January" 27. The death is announced, at the early^ age of 48, of Mr. George Seymonr (Messrs. Bainbridge, Seymour and Co) Your readers Will remember that Mr. ; Seymour visited W.A. some 18 months ago on. behalf of the Venture Syndicate,; and, as the result of his reports, a great deal of capital was directed to the Westralian mining industry. He had been ailing ever since his return, from; the. colony a few months ago, and bis friends thonght he might recover, but' their hopes were doomed to disappoint-; ment. The deceased gentleman was highly respected,, and his loss is sincerely regretted. Amongst the latest arrivals from the Golden West I have to chronicle the appearance in " Fogopolis" of Mr. Edward Hoojer (of Messrs. Bewick, Morsing, and Co.), and I understand it is his intention to take early advantage of addre sing the shareholders of the group of companies in which his firm is interested on the progress of these properties and of the fields in general. The total collapse of the charge^ against Ivory Bell, the alleged dynamiter, is one of the worst smacks in the. face that the wooden-headed Irish PolicejDepartment has received for yean?, and even the Tory journals are unmercifully belaboring the constabulary and suggesting that a leather-medal should be issued to the police. It is «aid that Bell contemplates taking action agin the Government for unlawful arrest, &c.; V Perhaps you won't believe it, 5 ' said Bell to an interviewer, " but my defence has cost 15,000dols." The money came from America, and was freel? given. But how was it so freely spent! At this rate, most of us uai&ht; hang for sheer lack of funds if a wealthy and powerful Government ..brought an accusation against us. A large crowd of Irishmen assembled at Ivory's saloon, in Lexingion-avenue, New York, on January 21, to celebrate Ivory's release and drink confusion to f England, in Ivory's whisky. A German band played inspiriting Irish airs, and several men msde exciting speeches. One sympathiser expressed regret that Tynan and his confederates had not blown up the: Britishers. Several suggested an indemnity being demanded for Ivory's imprisonment. Arrangement^ o were made for a public reception of t Ivory, iwlien .lie returns, in which several prominent Irishmen conceded with the city government promise to take part. "Dryblower" has penned the following ditty on the matter:— A1a« for another illusion that's gone, - Which long we have tenderly cherished; glories, which once like a meteor shone, Have faded away till they perished. The great Scotland Yard regarded with awe. As the house of the cunning detective ; Has shows us the weak ineffectual paw Which muddles all cases dissective. That the time-honored D.'s . Are effective. How oft when a boy I've read with delight How a criminal, cornered while flying, Would turn like a wolf and doggedly fight With a man who was careless of dying. That man was a D.,and we all knew him well By the pseudonym neat of a eleuth; Bnt we learn from the manner they bungled with Bell • 'Twas merely a fiction of youth. And I'm feeling annoyed That my time I employed With stories devoid 0f the truth. The D. of romancewas a fictional feast, \- He'd an eye like a wide-awake weasel; He'd assume in a second the twang of the East, Or converse with the grace of a Teasel. He could follow with ease the smell of a clue, He could lnik in a hundred disguises, And further and further his victims he drew, Till he nabbed ? «m by cunning surprises. But a blush to my face For the methods of ch^se In the dynamite case • Arises. 'Twas just about time to throw up the sponge. When Tynan was ordered from France; That lap then increased to a palpable lunge, Till they hadn't the ghost of a chance. So a cheer: for the* D. ? s and their wonderful ways,. # • With their nous and acumen collective ; May they keep to themselves, while reading these lays, Their warmest and choicest invective, And I'm sure you'll agree That ah "f" for a " t' : In detective, Would fit pretty well; so ttieir title should be Defective. Some few weeks before last Christmas a soni w'n-t lfi;;^ihy cablegram was dispatched iiuiu London by a number of Westralians to the Warden, Mr John Finueriy, tendering that gentlemen the good wishes of the approaching season, and now some little surprise is expressed here that, so far, the Warden has not acknowledged the receipt of the cablegram in question. i c s t l t c n a m i L o t g G p W t I h d a b M t o a A funny littlestory is going the rounds of the Coolgardie circle Kere regarding the remark made by' an enthusiastic Westralian owner of a certain patent, but who is somewhat illi'erate and mixed in MB metaphor. He was dilating on the wonders of the marvellous invention-he^ possessed, and wound up Ms oration by saying more or less expletively, " You can take it from me, boys, that this cardinal-tinted machine -will make my hemorrhaged fortune, and I reckon that I will be worth five million crimson notes in as many years from now." Not a soul would venture to dispute the point with him on the tune limit, and he wondered why the boys so unfeelingly laughed at him. Bather a good story reaches the "Cape Times" apropos of the recent deputation in Pretoria to Mr. Conyng- Ham Greene. Her Majesty's Agent, in taking -objection to the phrase about British' supremacy, carefully explained ibathe liad very definite instructions from Mr. ^Chamberlain to be careful not to" give ahy cause for offence to the Transvaal Government^ and he added ihat liejwas afraid that this particular exprgp^ion might" give umbrae. Whereupon a jnember of the deputation said: "We may take it, Mr. Greene, in the words of Rudyard Kipling, ' But, oh, bsware my country when my conntry grows polite.'" There are those who say that the reply to this was a meaning smile ; but then people say anything. It is easier to pull down than to build up, even when the subversive efforts have merely a human head of hair for their object. A young Viennese physician has been employing the X rays as a hair exterminator. Like all great discoveries, it was the result of an accident. Some foreign doctor having heedlessly exposed his Samsonic locks to the Rontgen rays, became like unto the prophet whom the . Hebrew street boys called " bald head," and angrily wrotei to the papers about it. Dr. Freund, of Vienna, read the statement, and resolved to apply the rays as a hair exterminator. He tried the plan first upon a boy whose spine was positively hidden by an abundant crop of hair. The. malady is know to the faculty as hypertrichosis, and many a fair one who suffers from it, especially in France and the Caucasus, where it assumes the form of a moustache, would pay readily and heavily for a safe cure. Bow it is to be had for nothing. Dr. Freund turned the mysterions rays upon the boy's back, and the superfluous hair vanished for good, roots , and all. The boy. no longer an infant phenomenon, las been shown to the Medical Society of Vienna, and photographs of his condition " before and afler *' are circulating n the city. It may be true (remarks the "Daily Telegraph") that there is nothing new under the sun; still, it is one the less probable that, if the Philstines had known of this property of I the rays, they would have saved no end of trouble to Delilah, and kept Samson's locks from starting afresh. H It is a well-known fact that Belfast, he go-ahead capital of the !Nqrth of reland, in many respects more closely esembles an Australasian town than oes any other city this side of the Suez Canal. Intense interest is taken y all classes of society in the progress f the Westralian goldfidds, and Coolardians who have recently visited Belast have related to me how agreeably^ urprised they have beenattheamcunt of etail information possessed by our Ulster riends regarding the Hew Eldorado. he smallest item of intelligence about he fields is seized on with avidity, and he reliable and up-to-date news, conained in the MISTER and PIONEEK. is agerly read by the speculative public of G he Uibernian Athens. This gratifying s tate of affairs is in no small degree acounted for by the fact that Westralians isiting Belfast and the pushful orth province of Ireland have each c l n his own way contributed towards spreading the light/' Without reerence to Mr. W. J. Vance ("Pa") his paragraph would be incomplete, a is a well-known fact that gentleman B ever lost a favorable opportunity of mparting to his compatriots the exellent field Westralia offers for investent. There is a very good moral in A ll this, which I commend to all and undry. g N C J M As an instance of the great desire on he part of many people to try their uck in the G olden Land, I may instance he following. Our Agent-General reently advertised for 2i engine-drivers or the Westralian railways, and the ext day he had over 200 candidates pplying for the billets, and this number ade application as the result. of one nsertion of the advertisement in a ondon paper. . A lengthy and eulogistic sketch of r ur former Governor, Sir Win. F. C. obinson, appears in the last Issue of he " World.'" " Rollicking Bill" reards the happy years he spent at H F overnmentHouse, Perth, as amongst the leasantest of his life, and tbb wellnown fact must be again recorded that O .A. has no more eloquent champion han the clean-shaven Hibernian Knight. hear that an article on Westralia from is facile pen will appear shortly in. the Graphic." Mr. R. G. M'Cormick (of the IOU istrict) is back again in -London from prolonged tour on the Continent and n the British provinces, where he has een -on business and pleasure bent. r. M'Cormick, I need scarcely say, oses no reasonable opportunity to spread he light regarding the golden wonders f Westralia, and in him our colony has n eloquent champion. I hear that Mr. 'Cormick is engaged in writing an p-io-date military treatise, and prooses to attend the next autumn anoeuvres of the French and German G P a G 9 G G Ashton and Cocks are opening up fresh tocks of furniture and quitting it at low ates. ;. • ' 1147 