MEMS FROM THE METROPOLIS. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. 1 Sydney, Tuusday. THE holidays aro over, una the city this morning wears its rogular businessdiko uppeanince. Nothing has been douo at the public offices, tho banks, aud tho wholesale houses since last Thursday. Our population, as well as the thousands brought into the oity by cheap truius, &c.;, has been absorbed In pleasure. A large number left tho city on Thursday evening, ouly to return this moruiug. One would hardly thiuk, to notice the great crowds on pleasure bent iu the city during the last three or four days, that a large portion of the colony waa under the shadow of u calamitous drought, or that the black pall of depression was yet upon the laud. There is much, I Lhir.k, of tho Epicurean iu our oolooial communities. We livo entirety in the present, heedless of the lessous of tho past aud uot minding tho future. Occasionally thu ghost appears— just as it used to show up at Egyptian bauquuts ; but while wo are scared for a brief period, wo soon get ov.r the fright, aud keep goiog on as if aover a skeleton oxisted. As I have suggested, if a foreigner had dropped on Sydney any day from Saturday, hu would have thought we were the moat prosperous, most happy, and most coutcnted community ou tho faco of the globe. Well-dressed people moving about in all directions ; trams, trains, and steamers filled with men, women, and children. Every pleasure resort well attended — Ilandwick, Show Ground, picnic sites, &o;,. Ho would nevr associate these marks of contentment and wealth with a Govern ment put to the pin of its uoilur to find thu money to pay its way — with merchauts aud storekeeper labouring arduously aud earnestly to make ml meet— with an army of unemployed, already a danger and a menace to the peace of the com munity,— and various other drawbacks, almost numerous as these plagues which once upon a time fell upon the laud of.Egypt. The inovitablo has taken place. Tho relations between Grcuco and Tin key have latterly been most strained, but it was expected that the influence of what is euphoniously called the concert of Europe " would prevent open huatiii- tics. It seems, however, that tho restraint of the Strong has been unablo to avert war. A cable received iu Sydney iu the small hours of MomJuy morning brought the news that the men of thu city of the violet crown had deteriniued upon such measures as caused Turkey to declare war, uud at tho same tiino to iuform tho Powers that it is not to blame. No doubt, tho " unspeakable Turk" b for once in thu right. Greece bus provoked this quarrel. It reinuius to bo seen whether some stronger power bus not been behind. There urc a good deal like that of one of thu characters in a farce called tho " Artful Dodge,11 which used to be the vogue a quartor of a century ago, before problem plays were written aud when the Lgiti- mato drama, sterling comedies, and healthy melodrama wero preferred by playgoers to leg and wings and coster songs. Iu this farco the man In viow of the audiuuee was a mere lay flguro, whilst tho ono who spoke, moved his hands, &c.;, Was ono behind. Sumo people thiuk that before long somo of the other Powers will take a hand, for Russia, Prussia, aud Austriu — to say nothiug of Frauco and Great Britain— aro interested. The Idea is that the Tut key will be curved, and all Want a slice of thu breast. A European war just now would be rather a disaster. The Oratavn, which is to convoy the Premiers of Melbourne ami South Australia to England left Sydney on Siturday. This steamer, which it will be remembered weut ashore in the R-mI Sea, is in good order agaiu. She will carry about 500 pas sengers for England, uud iu addition to the two Premiers mentioned, will huvo ou buurd military coutinguuts to tuko part iu the record reign celebrutious from Melbourne, Adolaide, uud Albuny. Our Premier will leave hero cur-y next month, and already preparations are being made for a fitting scud- off, It is proposed to giru him u banquet, und people are (nuking merry about the choice of secretaries. 1'lny are Sir William Manniug aud Mr. Knapp. The former — the ex-mayor of Sydney— is known us a most devoted sou of the Roir.un Catholic Church, whilst tho latter is violcutly opposed tu anything having tho stnullenl relation with it. fL will he reinein- hert>d ma titldni; a vnrv ul- Livh n.nfc in th»» tlmtmn. tratiou iigtiuut and opposition to thu Cardinal's candidature for the Federal Couveutiou. The Government tlouse festivities commenced on Saturday. There are a number of titled and oilier distinguished visitors there just now, aud at the ball last night, thu lamp literally " shone over lair women uud brave men." A brighter ceuu was aaver witnessed iu that historic il-gahled building, which at auy time looks very picturesque iu these grounds, overlooking thu fiuust- hatbour in the world. To-morrow, of coutse, Government House will be at St. Audi ew's Cathedral, w here tho cere mony of the marriage of Captain Kci giwon with Miss Margaret Brund lakes pluce. i'liero will be ft terrihlo crush. Everyone who is anyone Is hound to ha thcru, uud there wau much heartburning because somo who had applied for tickets of adinisaiou wore un.iblc to get them. A few, who think it is quite scandalous that admission to a cathedral Bhuuld be by tickets— that it should he opened at all times to those who wish to enter— protested, but tho cathodral chapter leplied that tho regulution waa necessary in order to protect tho sacred buildiug from injury. Ala previous wedding at tho Cathedral to repair the datnago done cost a good deal of money, uud tho Deuu uud Chapter did nob want a repetition. Tho vaoancy of tho principalship of Mooro College— tbo Church of Eugtaud theological train ing sohool— rendered vucuub by tho death of tho Rev. Bernard Alexander Schleicher — has been filled by tho appoiotment of thu Rev. Nathaniel Jones, a graduate of Oxford. Ho hue been trainiug tho divinity students at tho Perry College, Mel bourne. It is hoped by somo of the Anglican peoplo here that Mr. Jones will turn out broader- miudod tnen than in tho past Mooro College could boast. The late priucipal hud that uiin always I before him, aud it was considered by those who I took an interest in his work that ho was moving In tho right direction. Sydney diocese has had a peouliar experience. Tho first bishop, Dr. Brougbtoo, waa High Church. ilia successor, j Dr. Barker, was Low, and Dr. Barry was like j Dean Stanley, Broad, The present bishop is very J Low, as was to bo expected of ono coining from tho overseership of Bishop Lylo, of Liverpool, England. Tho theological school of a diocese generally reflects the opinions of the ordinary, and ft le no wouder that in tho past Moore College students have been remarkablo for their narrow evangelicism. Wo aro promised a visit from tho Premier of tho Dominion of Canada. Ho hus an idea (hut a large trado can bo opeocd up between Australia and tho Dominion, and before askiug his Parliament for the funds necessary to aid tho businsss, ho iuteuda to , sea and judge for himself. No doubt it is with f.hA nkiVdi. nf inimnu with tho mail service between Vauoouvur and Sydney, which is now being carried on by Huddart, Parker, uud Co., , that the Canadian Governinout recently deter- . mined oo subsidising to tho extent of £100.000 a now Atlantic servico between Great Britain and Quebec. His Excellency tho Governor has determined— o far as ho cau do it— that tho record reign oolebratioos shall, in Sydney at all events, leavo a practical record. A meeting is to bo hold ut Government Houso ou the 28ih— to-morrow woek— | to consider tho advisabluuess of establishing a I Hospital for Consumptives. All sorts aud condi tions of people have been invited, aud it is very possible and highly probable that peoplo will attond thero and givo big subscriptions whoso purses will distend as thoy would not havo dono under aoy other oiroumstaocee. It is said that one of tho most maguetisiug influences at a oharity dinner in Londou is the presence of tho Primm nf Wales. If he will only take ruuudtho hat, itmeuud thousands where otherwise huodreds would bo only collected. Tho desire to do well under tho eyes of royalty is great. So it will bo hore, I onturo to say Curmudgeons who aro very near will, when asked by Lord Hampden, shell out in a manner which will not only uotouish thotnaelves but positively paralyse all who kuow them. It is after all some consolation to know that men who huvo not hearts to ho touched havo more than the average stock of vunity on hand. 