Letter prom Aunt Eily. Mr Dear Children — In last week's Southern Cross I noticed, as so also very likely did yon, a curious paragraph headed, " Can Christians consistently smile ? " and it struck me at once that a more sensible heading would have been, "Can anyone else hut Christians consistently smile?" Whatever the answer might be in either case there is no doubt at all but that the happiest and most fortunate—or blessed I should say—children on the face of the earth are Catholic children. I have heard it said by persons of authority in other religious denominations that in the matter of religious instruction and a good sound knowledge of things pertaining to their Church the Catholic child was far and away beyond any other. Now this fact alone is reason number one why the Catholic children should be happy and joyful, knowing as they do all the love and tenderness which Holy Church has for them. Think of all the seven gifts and of the twelve fruits of the Holy Ghost. Think of their tender Mother, the great Queen of Heaven $ of the Communion of Saints, think , of that dear, ever-present, ever watchful friend which, I am sure, you have all learnt to love, your guardian angel. There are higher and holier things even than these in which only the Catholic child can have part, but where angels fear to ,tread we will not rush in. You will re member the words in the Holy Mass, " I will go unto the altar of God, to God who giveth joy to my youth," and you will re 1 member how frequently the Christian is told to " rejoice in the Lord," and again, who besides the Catholic have all the year round such festivals. This month of March, what beautiful feasts have we not commemorated, St. Patrick and then again St. Joseph. Later still, the joyful festival of the Annuncia tion, not to speak of all the other feasts of this holy season, in which we have the great.privilege and joy of condoling with the dear Lord of all in His great and bitter sufferings. Ho, dear children, that paragraph had a wrong title, for if you wish to find in all this wide world a peaceful, a joyful, and a happy heart, you will surely find it in a good Christian, but. more especially in a -good Catholic child, because, through their holy faith they possess a peace which passeth understanding, and a joy which "none can lake from them. . I have to thank Nephew Geraldine for a long and pleasant letter, and to congratulate him also on his literary ability. I hope you will often exercise your gift for the benefit of our column. You have Certainly carried out Buskin's piece of advice, which • I tjubted in my last letter—" See something . well and describe it clearly." Nephew Willie is a new member from Norwood. Did I envy you anything at all, dear nephew, I would envy yon that beautiful Church of St, Ignatius. I suppose you are a little JeBuit heart and soul. I am very pleased to add Willie(to my list of nephews. Prom Hammond I have two new nieces, , Catherine AgneB. McEvoy. and her sister "Mary Ellen. Catherine Agnes says it is "phiylthe second week they hiaye jtaken The Southern Cross," and already they have enrolled thertiBeives' in pur club. Good! Now yott "will please' continue taking The Southern Cross from this funtii you are abPut95 years of agej f by that time you ■will ' be1 beginning - to think > Of goingito Heaven, jfead. it bptt pf you until then. Indeed, ' if-yob' xe^d'-it- regularly^ I've no doubt it will help to take you there. You know our Holy Father thinks very . highly pf a good Catbblic paper. Thanks, little girls, for your nioedetters. . . ; rlJolyj dear boys andgitiB/ihhope ypu do not*think it very tfreewpp of me to postpone of competitions. . _Onr goo^editor and, seriouB oonS)4erat^>!^ihd it has finally bpa&jdbOid;^ tojawurd the.priee to 'Nieoe Imejda, ^onnfe^^fl^Wer, r ;,r , Nextweekihe yudze letter and one or #■ two others will appear, when we will have an oppprtunity of discussing their merits and shortcomings. With love, AUNT EILY. Aunt Eily acknowledges:—Mary Ellen McEvoy, Hammond, 3d.; Nephew Patrick Dempsey, Dawson, 4 pairs hand knitted socks, knitted hy nephew's kind grandma. 