SPORTING EVENTS. [BY GCABRIEL.] The weights for the two Cups have now, been officially announced. and, as usual, a little grumbling has been heard. However, if the great arch angel, after whom this modest scribe was once christened,had fixedthe same, I suppose just the same murmuring would take place. Until owners and trainers are allowed to decide their own weights perfect satisfaction will not be given. I am glad to hear that football has been revived with spirit in Warragul this season. The doings of the old footballers is a thing to be remembered with pride, and I hope our boys will again make a display to make Warra gul famous. Of course the greatest local sporting event for many years has been the publication, during the week, of the handicaps in the junior billiard tourna ment. The veteran handicapper, Roberts the second, has accomplished a most difficult task with great delicacy, and on the whole all-round satisfaction has been given. At the present stage it is difficult to spot the winner, but Clercus, with his fine start of 75, should come close up, they say, though all the cues are rather short for his splendid reach. At the Railway-station last night he was backed to win a pot of money at 7 to 5. Why Engineer got just 25 is not for me to say. Some of his supporters argued he should have had at least five more, while several rival players again insisted that he had just five points too many. In the nick of time though, the clever handicapper got both parties together and treated them to a glass of wine, after which it was an easy task to persuade them that they were wrong and he was right. When the draw came off general dissappoiutment was shown that Medico who starts at scratch, did not have to face Stockwhip, with his modest start of 10. Irrespective of the smart and witty jars each gives the other during the progress of the game the graceful attitudes always assumed by the former when in the act of striking would be an object lesson to all present. Chips and Varnish, who each take 20, should come well up to the third and fourth places. The former plays a bold and steady game, but has such awful luck, while the latter makes so many false pokes before striking a ball that a true aim is said by experts to be next to impossible. To many why Circle should receive the same number of points was a puzzler. With regard to play they say 90 would not be too many, but if there was a chance of his fluking, as per usual,then scratch was far too good. Tailor also takes 20. He is not a veteran player by any means and has lots to learn. However, he is great on come-back shots and screw-off-pocket twists, so he is said to be full of hopes of carrying off the coveted trophy. Boss Banker also starts with a score, and he is really the dark horse of the tourney. As I write I learn the betting is all with him and odds are now even when he is backed. He carries a lot of money, and it is to be hoped, for the public's sake, he will be in true form whenever he fires his shots. Saddler, I hear, declares he hasn't a ghost of a show. Should, however, he score a win it is stated a decent wager has been made that lie will be humming an operatic air. Both Lex and Red Tape start from scratch, but for all that they are as plucky as sea-dogs. Bullion and Bookworm each take 50 for which no one grumbles-not even themselves. Backblocks used to be a magnificent player but fell off so much of late that 20 points have been given him. If he recovers some of his old form I shouldn't wonder if he took the cake, or, rather, the cue. The fact that he has been quietly backed for large sums of money, at 7 to 2, is rather sugges tive they say. Calico's modest 20 should put him in the running if he flakes as much as usual. Besides this, he is a most determined scorer at all. times, and nothing delights him more than to pot his opponent at every chance. It is, then, no wonder that he is rather a warm favorite, and should he come first it is believed the bookies will be hit rather hard. To sum up then I will tip Boss Banker or Book worm as first, Calico or Saddler second, and Bullion or Engineer for the third place. 