FOILING A FAITHLESS WIFE it is an old ami a true sayiiiy that " Thero is CO fool like an old fool," an 3 it was fully exemplified when Sir. Job SmtthurE-, a retired Preston tradesman, 68 \eers of i-go, a widower of 15 years sfandirg. awl father of three grownup daughters, again took to himself a wife, the bride being only 13. Probably the—I was about to write '"old man,'" but he would have resented that ; and, indeed, for his years, Job was ie- Eiarkably well pie.served; probably ho felt lonesome i-inco the marriage of his Ihird daughter, and decided on another wife as a remedy for the ennui from which he suffered. Before her in; rr'mge his youngest d-ugater secured a housekeeper, a bamUome, buxum widow, about 30 or po«sioly 35 ; and it was soon rumoured in the neighbourhood that the widow ,»as setting her cap at Job, and meant ta be TBIrs. Sn-.ethurst. Be that as it may, 1 dc 'know that he was chaffed in the birpailour ,tof the Mi Ire, and vehemently deuied it. Whether the rumours set him thinking about a wife or 'not 1 cannot say, but (he fact remains that be Suddenly It ft home at the same time as tha 18- year old daughter of a neighbour. viJPolly Slater was the eldest daughter of an <Drdin»ry labourer, a fctreet repairer in the employ of the Corporation, and had become known KiO the Smethurst family through her mother 'going thtre as a washerwoman. I'olly was a good-lot king girl ; of middle height, nice figure, trosy chetks, and black, curly hair. She had learnt dressmaking, and had not long si ai U d in business for herself when she and old Jacob •eloped. After an absence of a month they returned man and wife, the careful bridegroom iiavirg taken her to Scarborough, cnsconsed her iu the house of a respectable widow, and then patiently wsi'ed until they could be married by an ordinary licence. iSoou after their return, the widow having ]been dismissed with a month's wages in lieu of notice, it became known in the neighbourhood that quarrels were of almost daily occurrence between the elderly husband and his git 1 wife. iShe told the neighbours that Job had promised (o allow her mother to live with thorn ; while •Job stoidly declared that the subject had never b.een mentioned at all until after their return home, and that he wc 'd ;>s soon think of baring a tiger in the house as a niu.l r :• i-law, •especially a gossiping old washerwoman. As may be supposed, when this foolish speech ©f bis reached the ears of Mrs. Slater, she did fell a ve uomous woman could to maks things hot for poor Job ; and he had not a very nice time Of it. sSBut relief came unexpectedly. After a more (than copious libation at the gin bottle, Mrs. Slater fell downstairs and broke her neck. After that the young wife became quieter, and seemed jmore reconciled to her lot. Job stayed st home ofteoer in the evenings, and played cards and ilominoes with her, and on fine afternoons took ber fir a walk, and occasionally for a drive, tie indulged her taste for dress to a greater extent, and stopped railing at her extravagance in housekeeping. • Under these altered circumstances the neigh- •hours of the Smethursts began to think the unequal marriage might turn out better than hied •been f xp< eted, when .lack Mason returned home, after being at sea for more than two yoars. 3ack had been Polly's sweetheart, but as he ran .away from his Apprenticeship, and she had heird nothing of him, she had given him up for •dead. The young wife was on her way up SFisbergat;; when she met Jack coining out of •the old station gates. '' Why, Folly, is that you r" he exclaimed. " Jack Mason she replied, staring as though she had seen a ghost. " Ay, it's me, sure enough. How are you ^getting i n ? Who are you in mourning for ?"' " Mother. And I'm married." 1 4 Mai lied ? Well, I'm blest !" " You should have written, Jack ; you knew <3Where 1 livid."' " Who's the husband ? Do I know him ?" Mr. Smothurst." " What, t Id Job ?" an.l the young fellow burst into a lit uf immoderate laughter. " What is there to laugh at, John Mason 1 J ^ly husband can maintain me as lady, f have ipvery th'urg I want."' , " Ko, you haven't, P^lly. When a tiue Woman marries, it's for love. Don't tell me "jrou love old Job, for it wouldn't be true. But £ must get home. There'll be a surprise. They fenow nothing of my coming. I'll see you Ifgain. Good morning." Good morning, Jack." 1 That unfortunate meeting signalised the ifcommencen.ent of Mrs. Smethurst's downfall. The young sailor soon made himself acquainted with the daily habits of old Job, and during (his absence from home, Mrs. Smethurst often 'met- clandestinely her former lover. But so •cunningly were these meetings arranged that mot the slightest supicion w?.s felt by the police, .after the most minute inquiries in the neigbour- 'fcood, that youug Mason had had aught to do with the rcbbe.iy ef neaily £400 fiom a •wooden trunk in old Job's bedroom. Mr. •Smethurst had had the money cut on mortgage, but tl-.e property having been purchased with a view to being rebuilt, the rr.ortgage bad been tpaid out. Old Job. as he dejectedly admitted, •ought to have bai ked tho money forthwith, •but there was to be an auction sale of some bouse property in a few days, and he therefore Kept the money with the intention of probablj becoming a buyer at the snle. The robbery took place one evening, while Job and his wife were at the theatre. On theii return thej could not obtain admittance by the front door, and on going round tD the back, Job found the door open. He instantly guessed what had happened, Rnd, hastening upstairs with a candle, found his fears confirmed. His trunk had been broken open, and the whole of the money was missing. The front door had bee n securely weelged both at the bottom and over the latch, to enable the thief or thieves tc escape by the bic-k door if the^y had been distui bed. Mr. Smethurst wet.t at once to the police station, and givo information of his loss. The numbers of the stolen b.mk notes, amounting to £350, he produced, written on a sheet of notepaper ; the rest of the m< ney was in gold. The affair was placed in the hands of a well-known de tective, and chat ofiici r made every effort to obtain a clue to the thief, but in vain. Had he been informed that an old boy sweetheart of Mrs. Smethursl had recently returned home, it is possible he might have made some discovery that wculel have caused Jack Mason to be suspicttd; but no one had seen Mrs. Smethurst and Jack Mason together smco he came home, and their boy and gill attachment seemed to have been forgotte-n by tie reighbours. In the meantime, Jack had gone back to his old employers, to serve out his apprenticeship as a fitter in a machii.c shop, having appa:e>ntlv had t nough of the se a. I lived in tLe same neighbourhood as the Smethuists, and was naturally somewhat interested in the alfnrs of the ill-assorted couple, At the time of '.he robbery I was located as a telegraph clerk at the railway station, oa the side then known as the East Lancashire. Our rival company had their office on the opposite side, where the London trains arrived. I was on friendly terms with Bannister, the Electric Company's clerk, and oiten spent a hklf-hour with him in hin office. One afternoon when 1 wrs in there I chanced to overhear him 1-eaeHng off the instrument a message which his boy was writing down, and it seemed so peculiar that I also jotted it down, v.ot with any intention at tl-.e. timo < f making any use of It, howerer.lt was only after reading it a second time in my own office that [ sus« peeted its meaning. The message was as fol» lows :— " See P. at once, and tell her to come. I not, she will be sorry.'' I hael not caught the name and address of the addressee ; but when it struck me that tho P. might stand for Polly, and refer to Mrs. Smethurst,I determined to linei out who got the message. My messenger and Bannister's were great friends, so, when I asked my boy to ascertain if the other lad had taken a message that afternoon to Mrs.Smethurst's, and where it was from, I knew it would be done. In the morning I was tolel that the message had been sent to a girl friend of Mrs. Smethurst's,and that it came from Liverpool. Following up this I managed to ascertain that Jack Mason bad gone on a week's leave of absence to see his old captain at Liverpool. What would be the next scene in the comedy ? If the young wife left horae, I knew it woulel be to join Mason, anel I should feel sure that one or both had been guilty of stealing the olel man's money. She would go by a night train, I thought, to avoid being seen ; and 1 therefore watched the trains on the following evening. With a very thick veil, and having dives'ed herself of her mourning costume 1 , the erring wife joined the last East Lancashire train for Liverpool, and immediately I returned to the home of the Smcthursts to break to the eld man tho tidings of his wife's departure. Had 1 been able to easily line! him, he roulel have gone to Liverpool also that night bv the other route ; but he was spending the evening with an old friend, and did not return home until the train had left. lie was in when I knockeel at the eloor, and, not finding his wife at home, he was in some degree prepared fcr my disclosure. " Let her go 1 She will soon repent, and be glad to come back again !" he said, quietly, and with what I thought complete indifference. [ think if you care to follow and tracc her, you will find that she has joined the thief who hael your money." I remarked, rising to go. " What's that ? Who is he? Don't go, Mr. Lupton. Tell mo all you know.''" I tolel him of the boy and jurl attachment of Jack Mason anel Polly !:later, and his apathy vanished. " Thank you, Mr. Lupton. Right or wrong in your surmises, you have done me a service, and I'll not forget it." By the iir.st train in the morning Mr. Srnt t- hurst was off to Liverpool, and immouiately on his arrival he fought the tssistance of the Liverpool police. They lightly suspected that the runaways would be leaving Liverpool that day fe>r some; othe-r count ly, probably America, ;MK! bearding a sttramer that was to Siil for Nt w York by the noon tide, Jack Msson anel Mrs. Smethurst were found, the forme r disguised by a sduvm moustache, making him look several years older tban he really was. I'hty had booked passages to New York PK Mr. anet Mrc. Johnson. Both were excte.iit gly fiightened whi n tskt n into custody, but when most of the s-tolen money w>* found in Mason's trunk, he confessed that he stole it. Mie- Krof.t.i .ir«l "" it. sue did not know that he had it, he declared. Brought back to Preston, Jack Mafou got off with two months'imprisonment, and, to the intense surprise of all who knew him, old Job took his Wifo home again. But it was soon noticed in tho neighbourhooel that Mrs. Smethurst was by no means forgiven. Sh? was never seen out of doors. At first ic was thought by the neighbours that she was too much ashamed to be seen ; but somehow it leaked out that old Job kept all her outdoor clothing locked in his bedroom, on the eloor of which he had placed a very strong iron bar anel padlock. Ha ordered all the provisions himself, and did what rnaiketing was ieejaired. For a time the gosf ij.s of the street said it served the young wife right, and that old Job was a sensible man to adopt such a method of punishment ; but when it was noticed that she bad begun to look pale and thin, one of his oldest friends began to remonstrate. He was quietly bidden to mind his own concerns, but this only roused to fever heat the indignation of the women, and one evening, when on his way home, old Job was treated to a shower of small paper bag.? filled with flour, followed by a bucket of water. Then a number of tin pans, frying pans, and kettles were beaten outside his door for about half an hour, and a paper pushed under his door informed him that that dose was as nothing compared with what would be his experience if ht did not behave better to his wife. Job was a sensible man and succumbed to populsr opinion. But he never allowed his wife to go out of his sight ; wherever she went, he followed. The two months of Jack Mason's imprisonment expired, and,doubtless to tbe satisfaction of everybody concerned, he went straightway to sea again, though not until he had received formal notification from his employers that his conviction had cancelled his indentures, and they would decline to have him back again. After it was known that the young fellow had actually tailed in a vessel bound for San Francisco, old Job somewhat relaxeel in his vigilance, and to all outward appearance the couple be ame more reconciled to their fatt>. The roses again bloomed in the young wife's cheeks, and she was suffered to go out aloue,feut only in the day time. All the household bills were, however, paid by her husband., and she was not trusted with money. During the whole of the peiiod since the marriage, old Job's daughters kept aloof from their father and young stepmother. Each of the three lived rent-free in three of his best houses, and declared that rather than countenance their " new mamma " they would sacrifice the privilege of living rent-free and leave the house for others. Their father, however, did not proceed to extremities ; he simply ignored their existence. They would not acknowledge his wife ; he never went near them. And when tho ecandal of the elopement was made public, through the prosecution of Jack Mason for robbery, tho three were terribly scandalised at their father taking back his erring wife, and vowed that they would never cross his threshold again. Job Smethurst had made it his boast that he never ailed anything ; had not troubled a doctor for rn H y a long year : but within a jear after the ebiiKu.e-i,, air ir he began to sicken. He could not walk as far nor as fast as formerly ; his breath got shoit, and he lost his famous appetite. His appearances out of door became fewer, and at length ceased altogether. He gradually lost the use of his limbs, and, finally, had a paralytic stroke. His wife nursed him assiduously, and to any ealiers he sang her praises as a nurse and comfort to him in a way that induced them to believe she had thoroughly repented her past folly. But his daughters kept away ; their anger at his foolish marriage had not decreased. Probably,had they known the real state of his illness, they would have relented ; but they lived at some distance, anel never troubled to make special inquiries into his condition. The end came suddenly ; old .Job wi« found dead in bed one morning by his wife, who had occupied a separate room since her escapade with Jack Mason. She sent word to ber stepdaugbteis, intimating that they might come to the funeral if they so desired. This they did, and began to assume aits of proprietorship over the belongings of their father, the eldest—before the body of her Cathf-«r end bfiin Ukan out of t* e house— declaring that she should take home with hei all the silver, as she knew she was down for it in the will. But when the party returned from the funeral, they found a well-known lawyer in the best parlour, and the three daughters were rendered furious with atif;er and disappointment, for everything the old man possessed was thereby bequeathed to his " dear wife-, Polly Smethurst." " It is outrageous. He must have been insane to make such a will !" rxi-laimeel the el.lest daughter, with blazing eyes ; " and if you will help me we will up-et it." " My client, your father, was perfectly ssno when he made this will. It was drawn up within a week after his marriage." "And elid he ntver alter it ?"' asked the second daughter. | " No, madam. The will expiswJy revokes a | will made some yeurs »go, and oil behalf of | Mia Smethurst I am fuliy oienaied to defend • j | j this wit! against any action you may take." " We will consult our husbands, who woulel not come to the funeral to meet that woman !"' and she pointed scornfully at Polly. "Mr. Naylor, please to serve a legal notice en that woman to quit my house, at once," retorted the young widow, pointing scornfully »t her eldeft stepdaughter, the ringleader of the rebellion egainst her. " The house is mine. Father gave it mo when I was mariied," she replied, with a spice of triumph in her tone. " That cannot be tiue,for all the three houses you ladies reside in are specifically mentioned in this will. Besides, where is your documen» tary proof of ownership r I shall certainly comply with the real owner's Instructions, an<}^ if you don't obey the notice, I shall proeur® an ejectment warrant," said the lawyer. The three women looked at one another fflfe dismay. Their husbands were :».r)t overl>urde>necf with this world's goods, and when they kaew! thafc they had deliberately made an enemy OC th tir sterpmothcr there wou'ftl be severo recrimCl na,tioQs. They wisely held their peace, and HOOO, afterwards departed, and nothing was dona; with the intent to upset the will. The eldeatt daughter got her notice to quit, and eventually: did so ; the other two wero not molested, not was any rent aeked from them. Mrs. Smethurst found henelf tho possessor of property bringing in a rental of nearly £3 per week, and of £550 in cash, tho sum got from Jack Mason when apprehended, the rest of what ho had stolen having been spent. It was expected that Mrs. Smethurst would marry again, but as the time of her mourning passed she evinced no inclination to again enter the niairitd si ale. " She is probably waiting for Jae;k Masou,'' I r emarked to a friend of mine, who lived close by tho young widow. And so it proved. Mason had not been ashore a week before it cozed out somehow that they had been married at Liverpool by fpecial licence arid had gone (o LV.ndudnofor the honeymoon. But theie was an awful disappointment in store for them when they returned home. Lawyer Naylor had broken into tho house, »nd placed a trutty maa in possession, and when Mr. and Mrs. Mason would have entered their new homo they were told to go and see tho lawyer. They did so, full of misgivings. Mr. Naylor produced another will, made after Polly's elopement with Mason, and it provided that if the testator's widow shcul'i marry John Mason the will under which she inherited the whole of his property should fall in abeyance, snd the properly be equally divided, after realisation by Mr. Naylor and another trustee, between his three daughters. " Do I get nothirg, then ? asked Polly, almost ready to ciy. "Oh, yes. You inheiit the sum of money this man stole," leplied the lawyer, with a curl of the lip. " And cannot I go into the hcuse lor the nt,t of my elolhes ? " " Yes ; I will accompany you,"' and he sent his uranel boy for a cab. The Masons rented a much smaller house, furnishing it with part of the £350. Jssck got employment at a foundry, and for a short time all seemed to go on well. But the young husband was fond of company, could sing a good song, and gradually took to drinking, the money now be iug his; as he took caro to tell his wifo. One night, after his late rtturn home, the two had a terrible quarrel, and lie xt day it was announced that Jack Mason had run away. It was only too true, and he had besides left ber penniless. She had few friends and no gympa* thisers, and within a week after being deserted she drowntel terse If in tho Jiibble. Nor did her recreant husband meet with a better fate. After spending the money ho took with him in drinking and debauchery, he again we-nt to but the vessel was i.ever heard of allervraids. 