Religious The Word of Reconciliation. A SERMON. By Rev. Dr. CLIFFORD. (Preached at the City Tabernacle, Brisbane, on Sunday, 11th July.) St. Paul's Second Epistle to the Corin-<*> thians, v.19, "God was in Christ, reconcil-<*. ing the world unto Himself, not Imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath com- mitted unto us the word of reconciliation." Dr. Clifford said that this was one of the great sayings of Paul, and one of his ways of illustrating the various and Interesting settings of some of the most familiar utter ings of Jesus. " This saying of Paul's tells us," said the preacher, " how we may in terpret facts concerning God, and His love of all men and all kind. It is God in the totality of His affection going out to the world as * whole, in its totality, and offer- Ing redemption, tore, hope, and Miration to all men. Paul's saying is evidence of Christ's love and kindness towards all man kind and all nature. There -are many ele ments of surprise In this utterance of Paul. First, we are told that God is 1n Christ; God, the eternal force which is at the back of all phenomena, and the God in whom we lire and bare our being. This God in Jesus Christ 4s incomprehensible and stainless, and was whole and pure even In tbe boy Jesus, as He was in the carpenter, the mechanic, the reformer, the philo sopher, the teacher, and in all men, whaterer their station. God is In all men, and in all things. To know this great truth is to know all, to miss 'it is to miss all. Nobody doubts Christ's un swerving heroism, and as Nicodemus says, ' No man could be as this man Christ unless God be with him.' Man himself does not know himself, and man cannot explain him self, and is still even to-day « mystery to feimself* It must bo ever thus. One of the greatest thinkers and inoßt keen reaeoners the world has ever known, Herbert Spencer, describes the eternal force behind all things as 'the unknowable. Matthew Arnold de- Bcribes the Deity aB ' the power beyond and outside us/ and we must describe the Deity and the eternal force as God. God Is God, and pervbdes all men and all things. Since Christ's appearance on earth it is easier for us to know something of the will and of the heart of God, so that now. 'men who are willing to Bay 'If we ever do know God, if we ever find Him/ are able to say ' God was in Jesus Christ, embodied and living in Him.' What did men think of God when the world was young ? To the Hebrew God was the key to everything, 'and whatever the Hebrew looked at, the world in its greatness, the sea In its vast ness, all told and spoke to him of Ood, the Great Creator, the all-loving and all-caving God ofjthen and to-day. Paul Bald 'God was in Christ.' Yes, God was in Christ re vealing Himself to men and revealing to them His thoughts and His lovc.Chrlst's mis sion is one of reconciliation, reconciling men and mankind to God's Justice, God's love, and God's power, for God is the all-methodi cal, all-loving, and all-just God." The preacher then went on to say that the word " reconciling" perhaps suggested es trangement and sin, and even the parting of the heart of man from his God. Still, man the rebel, man the dissevered.one, was made for goodness and holiness and for be coming a. participant with God in etejroaj life. That was the great secret of God's de r sire for the reconciliation of man to Him self and His love.. On this question it was often said that Christ, in place of reconciling man to. God, had-set all the: world against Him. Surely this must be true,«for in *U Jerusalem, all the ecclesiastics, all the fasn. ionable people, and in fact all the world of that day were against Christ. The world; the whole world, was against Him, and final ly had put Him to death. Surely Christ's own worda were, " Think ye I come to bring peace ? I come to bring fire and tho sword." Still wisdom was always justified of her children, and the hatred, the antagon ism, the bitterness displayed towards Him had had the effect of drawing together those who gathered around Christ In closer, dear er, and sweeter bonds, of love and joy. It had been evon said of that little band, " See how these Christians love one another" ; It had been proved that that love and that trust had conquered all things, all the bit terness and hate, all the antagonism and discredit heaped upon Christ and His fol lowers. Christ had said, " I will build my Church," and bow had these words beeqi fulfilled ? Had He not built His Church la Jerusalem and In ■ Antloch ? Had Ho rioJL built His Church throughout the wldenesp of the world, In every land and over every sea, in every hearth and home, and In every State and country where God's glorious eu* rose and set ? Had not those words beea fulfilled. Christ had hot come on earth and suffered for the edification of God, ' but to show them God, so that they could rejoice In obeying . His commandments, so that they could see the greatness, the unity, the glory, and the power of His love, and have redemption even as Jesus Himsolf nad said. J«>u« «v the Way and the Life. He had said, "No one comes unto God except through Me," and this was the lesson that His whole life had been spent In teaching. Said the preacher earnestly : " Until Christ has been as the loving guide bringing you unto tho Father, I say you have not read Christ aright. You never will till you recognise that through Him alone can you approach the Father. Christ's mission was to inspire you and I with a faith of God, a confidence in Him. Havo you young men ever realised this ? You young men who have been accustomed to look with apathy on this the greatest problem of all, who hare perhaps been bewildered with the different ques tions opened up;- the multitude of beliefs, bavo you ever thought on Christ's reconcil ing work ? Have you read Christ aright ? Is not it a surprise to you that Qod should seek to reconcile the world to Himself, not • recognising its trespasses towards Himself? , Peter basely, flagrantly, cowardly denied his Lord ; yet see. Christ looks upon him^ . the traitor, the coward, the denier —with so much tenderness, so much pity, so much love in His beautiful, sad, grave face that the man's boul revolts within him, his spirit is ', broken down, and ho goes forth again as the most ardent, the most loving apostle. A vile woman, a woman sunk as low and as vile as the deepest depths of sin will allow, comes before Him, seeking, praying, begging for that pardon which He alone can give. See -bow they treat her ! She is vile indeed. But Jesus, the all-loving, all-forgiving Savi our, He has no word of rebuke for her. ' Thy Bins, which are many, are forgiven thee. Go In peace, and em no more' ! Surely the same lesson may be learned from the parable of the prodigal son. Qod does not remember the bad -things against -us, but rather the good things, the good ac tions, of each man's life. He says Himself he will forgive our iniquities and we shall sin no more." Dr. Clifford then alluded to the statement that the all-forgiveness of Ood was viewed •by many as a too-great leniency, as ah in centive to sin. He said that the con -sjclousness that we had sinned in the past was la Itself an incentive to the pursuit of holiness in the future. God's forgiveness <rf vms had led to some of the lives of the greatest preachers and thinkers the "world had ever known. God was forever in the great Christ reconciling poor, erring, blind mankind to Himself. Ever since the crucifixion of Christ, a long line of repent ants could be seen whose work had done much for the great principle of the atone ment God had made man after His like ness, and men shared His mind and sought for truth as for hid treasure. " Then," said the doctor, "We come to the great question of the atonement." It 1» not the acceptance of any theory of the atonement that saves, but the soul's re sponse to the gracious attractions of the Saviour, in passionate devotion to Him and to His righteous kingdom. The eternal life mostly comes before the theory, often in spite of a theory, and may be present with victorious energy in alliance with a false theory. The Christian Church was bora, baptized Into the Holy Ghost, and achieved magnificent victories over the lost and -cruelty of the pagan world before any theory of the atonement was built. Men make money, and not a little of it, without formulating any theory of bimetallism. Men and women live and suffer, build and beauti fy their homes, with noble training and fine character, without mastering the philosophy of the emotions ; and so they have enterad into the Joy of Divine forgiveness, and be come partakers of the Divine calm and strength, without ever shaping to them selves, or even attempting to shape, any theory of the sacrifice of Christ, or knowing the significance of the language of the law courts and of banking establishments, as ap plied to the great mystery of the redemp tion. Nay more, even those who have wrestled like giants with the problems of the cross, and have won. some success, have rejoiced to fall back on a simple and fer vent trust in the Lord Jesus Himself as their all-suffering Saviour. Bengel, the ac complished expositor of Scripture, say«, "The ground I feel under me is this : that by the power of the Holy Ghost I confide in Jesus as an everlasting High Priest, In whom I have all, and abound. Archbishop Whately said, " Talk to me no more of in-* tellect, there is nothing for me now but Christ." Bunsen said, " I see Christ, and I see, through Christ, God." The brilliant preacher, Dr. M'Call, of Manchester, 'said, " I am no fanatic, rather I have been too much of a speculatlst; and I wish to say this—which I hope you will all forgive me for uttering in your presence—l am a great sinner, I have been a great sinner, but my trust is in Jesus Christ, and what He has done and suffered fcr sinners, tfpon this as the foundation for my hope, I can confident ly rely now that I am sinking Into eternity." The inherent spiritual energy of Christiani ty is not in the speculations to which it gives rise, or even in the moral machinery it creates, but in Jesus Himself, Son of God, Son of Man, and Saviour of the world. Man is brought back back to righteousness by a holy training, and had not Christ suffered on our behalf we must have suffered in our own helpless guilt. John has said, " God so loved the world that He gave His only be gotten Son, that whosoever belleveth in Him should not perish but have eternal life." This passage was our primary authority for oar knowledge of the motives and methods of God in effecting our redemption from sin and death, and our introduction to the life that Is life indeed. In concluding, the preacher said that the breadth of the reconciling work of Christ was wondrous Indeed. In God there was plenteous forgiveness and redemption, tor God was, through Christ, reconciling Him self to all men and to all things. Christ's work was to bring all things into perfect harmony with God, and how well He bad succeeded, how perfect had been His work, nan alone knew. For ever and ever, and through all ages, God had been engaged' in this reconciling work, and had held out to mortals the hope of forgiveness and the Joy of life eternal. Everything good and everything pure emanated from the one source and had the same end. Men must know and reconcile themselves to the re conciling work of God through Christ, His own chosen and beloved one. Surely, then, they could learn this lesson even better than others. Let them not scorn and turn from the loving, the helping, tho blessed hand which was ever ready to lgsd them to things better, things purer, things higher and nobler, and unto life eternal. " Then," concluded the preacher, " when this peace is so near, so close at hand, do not, even one of you, refuse it. Surely it is worth the having—surely the reconciling work of Christ is plain to you. Open your hearts and your lives, and see what is around yon. Do not refuse Him entrance to your hearts. *" 