THE POET'S WIFE. "Do you see that couple sitting on the seat at the fa" end of the gardens? That is Hubert Wny, tile blind poet, and his 'Wife. They h1:ve .1 hoUllse on tlle luoul taiu side, and often come here to enjoy the view over the lake. We will walk round the plati, so that you may see hiln close -It iland. IHe is almost as intere^t ing in himself as in his writings " "All! I should like that! I1e isa line fellow. anld I n amalmost nore anxios to see his wife'thani himself. Sile nmiust be one woman in a thousand, to judge frol all slle has done for lhi. ' ify friend gla:i-q :it lme be.neatlh bent brows a curious OiOK, auld onle which im plied nlmuch. I :n instanlt I inferred that mly explectcaionl. concerning .Mrs WVly were dooldll to dilsapointment, and yet. as one of the most ardent of the poet's disciples. I had Ilattered my self that I kzinw all that an outsider mlighlt about Ilis private life. Hubert Wr~ly h:ld alriadv mllde his mnark as tlith Inost promising of the younger powts wheln : longI-dreaded catastrophe rlnsed his eves and sepa lated hliln fi)lln the world of bealltv which le loved. The blow was crusli illg, anld tllre-?tonle to devastate his life. The bird could not sing within his darkened cage: he wandered about froil one place to anothcer. accollmpanied oily by :a faithful manlservant. shunliing the society of ills fellows, and brooding hopelessly on Ils loss. Then. after six years of lonely misery, he met ile woman who was nowl his wife. She had Ieell to himi as tle re covery of sight. and the words in whichi his later volumes of poems lid b)een dedicated showed the almost idolatrous wooship with which he regarded her in return. Margaret Winy had long lived in mnl ilnagination la tile ideal woman. anId now in a moieneit tliat keen. silent .lance liad sihattered the illusion aInd left le expecItant of disappointment. I asked no questions. but gazed with deepening eliriosity :It til poet and.his wife as they sat on the seat before us. From their posIlioji they :luighlt have lpased for lovers, for tile two figures inclined towards each other with that :ir of absworing iteimest " in the con versation lo; hand which, is not often seen ill at narried coiplle of seven or eight years's:;'tinding, while the soundt of :t Wolit an's. musial la hugh raIng out; now alud then.o followed by such ia liearta- cho as iove the pleasantest : s surance of tlhe poet' happiness. A few yards further and I could see the clean-cut features with which the photoglraplis had made lme familiar, and' in'a ralid glance assure myself that his wife possessed luxuriant ia:ir.: and 'a figure of- ulnlsua;l grace nild sy2.lnnetry. She was beautiful, after all, I told my. self.' but even a-s ' lie tilonlht passed through my mind, she turned her face towards me. and I felt an instant shock of repulsion. The eyes were alight with life. yet the effect which her ap- pearance madelpntieuponthe eholde was much the siame as that caused by the unexpected sight of a. face from0 which: the light of intellect has faded. An in describable brand. was,upon it, and the eight left me cold and trembling. We walked the full length of thle pati. tlien I turned and looked a.t iy 1colm panion. "In God's name, what is it?, What is the lmatter?"' "A deformed face. Poor thing-a pitiful object. A stroke. I should say, caused by a sudden chill or shock. One side of the face is twisted, and' when she speaks the contortion is increased. Ter ribly tragic, for she must have. been a iandsome woman before it happened. The profile is beautifully cut" "And tha:t is Margaret Wray, Hubert Wray's wife!-the man iwhose prevail ing passion is love of beauty, who has a morbid horror of ugliness, and even in his blindness cannot endure to live :umong the sordid surroundings, of a city!" "But he cannot see her, relmember. No man with; his eyes open could.have married such a woman; but she :is a: perfect companion, and has made .,his. l:happiness." , I stayed for some. weeks in the hotel, :und before I left the niexpected -had happened, for I had made the acquaint ance of the poet, and enjoyed some me imorable conversations, in which -I ,was more and more charmed with .his person ality. He had heard that my name was :unong the list of visitors, and as some of my literary efforts had been fortunate enough to attract his attention, had ex pressed a wish to receive me at Ilis house. In visiting him I iaturally saw much of his wife. She slhrnk from me at first with the shyness which-she showed to all strangers, blut-when she found that lmy society gave oher hus land pleasure, 'her reserve melted, iud sle gave mne a kindly welcome. If I had been blind like Waly, I must have loved her too, for her voice was as music in its soft, full cadence, and of all women I have met she possessed the greatest charm of couveisation. 'A few, apt, happy words, and the scene-the itn dividual-the situation, stood out before rle eyes as in a picture. She had the power of seizing tlie salient poiit of a narrative. and missing out linnecessary detail: while every now and then 'out hlashed a spark of humior, so keen, so fresh and scintillating, that the niar or could not restrain his. delight W'ray's lmelancholy vanished in her company as a mist before the sun. Half a dozen linles, in the' coilrse of a conversation. lie would turn towards me, ihis sightless eyes appealing for sylmpathy ill his lie light and pride. . "'Isn't she wonderful?" lie would cry. "Most people walk blindfolded through the world, but Margaret sees everything. She weaves a" story out of thle most conlm mnonplace materials. alnd she s:halres ever'ything with me. I see again through her eyes." He often referred to Ihis blindness, a1nd that in sucll an open. natunall intlnnler lhat one day I ventured to ask if tlihre was any hope that his sight could 1be restored. His face fell. "Not now." he said. "Tihere was once. An oculist proposed an operation a few years ago: it wa:s lperform!ed, buIlt was unsnccessful, and that settled thle qies lion for life. Nothing more cnaln 1e done." I inurmnrtred some words of syllmpathy for whlat must liv?r lceen a (c11el Ilisap Imintment. "That was terrible-almost worse titan the first blindness. Thle renwllal of lhopc. thie suffering, the suspense-:ll for nothing!'' "No, not for nothing." he said quickly. "''I adul my rew'ard.''" He put out Ilis lhaind with a pathetic. groping gesture. and laid it on his wife's shonlder. "It was worth it all. Leyland, for I had l fw\v moment's sight; I saw the sky tlgain, and the green earth, and, wlalt 1 longed for most of :ll, my wife's beau liful face! I hlad never sOee her-ima gine it-tmy own wife! But Goid cave fie that glimpse, and I am satisfied. I would have born any sutfering to have ktown that moment." Margaret Wray and I sat silent, gazing :a ttctll other. Her face worked in piti tIll convulsion, tile idark eyes IbesoIught minie, humble, imploring, like those of 11 atlimnal in pain. I could not meet that glance and keep my-composure. The lake grew misty before my sighlt, and lly voice faltered as I spoke. "~u are a fortunate man, Wrny. You have the best gift that this world can give." Some time afterwards I hIard the stIrnge and patietic story of this inci 'dent in tile poet's life, which I now give as nearly as possible as it was told to In the sixth year of Hubert Wray's )liudness he was spending the sunuuer in one of the smaller mountain hotels ill Switzerland, where he was ount of tile r"n of tile ol'iinary tourist, and could sttre thie quiet which he coveted. The ".ood of brooding melancholy lhad.set tle4 upon him, and he kept: aloof from the other visitors, sitting for hours np On a seat on the terrace, his hands clasp l on his knee, his head hanging for Yard on his chest. One'morning as he sat thus a rustling of garments came to his ear; he was aware that a lady had seated herself be side him, and presently a voice address Sed hiln by name. "Will it disturb you. Mr Wray, if I : sit here for a few minutes? I think \- we share a weakness for this seat. There Y is no other in the garden so comfortable : land so delightfully .Aituated!" 1 The words were commonplace, but the I- voice clihrlned Wray's sensitive ear, and the desire to hear it again superseded e his disinclination for conversation. He io Irued towards the sp?caner and said, ' wistfully: i "Please, don't let me drive you away. Perhaps I have been seltish in monopo t lising the best place: Any other would \- do equally well for me. I cannot see i the view - S"Shall I show it to you?" she said . gently, and before lie could answer she f began to paint the scene 1Kt-fore them in \- beautiful glowing words--the lake, with r the rellection of the mountains thrown across rile blue; the little stm?ner round s ins rihe nay, its smoke luminous in the e siunlight: the nearer heights green with I the verdure of nsummer; tile solemn pines \- rising behind: the snow-peaks towering \- inlto ithe sky. 'The clouds drifting I- inerss tile sun. ldappling tie1 mnountain .sides wilth lilght and slhade: she describ Sed each firsh effect as it appeared, and i lie graspedI it with his keen. poetic Sslense. The scene toolk shape before his e eyes; lie saw it so clearly thlat he ireni bled Is lie sat. and lis heart beat in his ears. Synll~i.thising friends tried to perform this office for hini before now vwith disheartening results, bur this wo imani lentc him lier own eyes, a-nd as he listened the words shaped tlhenselves in to a s'tately measure, nud the lust gift of song came back. to life. A1fter this they met daily. and spent I ours wandering together about the mountain side. le wondered often how it hlappened that a woanln of such fas cination should share his own distaste for soeleiey but it was not a character istic which lie was inclined to deplore, since she never disguised tie pleasure whilch'she felt in his company. C onceive .what it must hai'e been to a w'an ln in her position! To have been beauitiftl, to know herself possessed of exceptional charm. to find herself at one strok" iniukcd.oit fromn the rest of the world. an object of pity and repulsion; Sand ithen to,be brought in contact with it liia'ster niind to lind all that she had longed for'in the way of companionship and synipathy. and that in. one whose eyes were mercifully closed to her af lfietioti! Once mores she was young and Sbeautiful-nce more she could receive the ti'ibuti of adminrtion so dear to a woman's heart: she bloomed into fresh charm beneath the enchanting experi ence, while Wray sat enthralled, feeling old hopes 'and ambition revive with every liour spent in her company. Ounedayhle asked her to write a, poem at his dictation, and when she expressed her. delight he turned his sightless eves upon her and said. "It is. more yours than mine:':I have not written for yea?s. but you gave' lie the thought, anid the words, and the courage to begin afresh." He was silent for a moment then added. hurriedly. and witll an embarrassment which told its .own tale, "You have showli mie so niuch, will you show me one thing more-your own face? May I pass my fingers over it for a moment, so that I may be able to think of you as you are?'" Shie bent forward instantly, presenting to himi the luninjured side of her face, and setting her features in rigid still ness. Tile sensitive fingers touched the waving lliIr, then gently, reverently, traced the outline of the profile, the aquiline of tile nose, the full lips, the chinwith its curve and dimple. Her face was deathly white the while, and heart breaking in its agony of suspense, but the, touch revealed only the beauty of outline, and gave no hint of disfigure. ment. - "Thank you!" lie said, faintly. " You are very beautiful.n I knew it must he so: but I shall never see you . . . If I could have one. moment's sight, I would choose to see'your face, that I might have-it with me in the daikness." .' HIehad inever:spokeitso plinly before, and the day came when they were to start oil separate paths: andt still no words of love had been exchainged. It wias only when shen gave hilm her hand in farewell that Wray's composure fail ed; and lie stood before her in the garden patth-white and 'trembling with emo tion. " - . - "If I were a man," he cried. "and not I a malimedi helpless'log, I -wonld not let 1 you go? You have given ne fresh life; I love you as Gfod's'own sniisliile, lut it i wonuld be a-sin to-bind' you down t'o : I darkened life." \- :"Then, as.I namtn twomnin," she said, 1 bravely, "I ask you to let me stay, for t I shall be bound indeed, if 1 am away 1 from you, and the sunshine loves to light i the dark places-"''' 1. . So they were married, and for the next i five years lived a life of unbiroken hap piness. Their home was sitiuated in tli t depths of the country, where Wriy de voted himself to writing.; with all the added power which he had gained by years of suffering Faine' came to him, tand words of app?rciation;from far and near. If he had willed lie might have been "t lion in society but lie preferred to live in seclusion, visited from time to time by such friends as had been proved and tested. On the first introduction to his wife. these visitors experientced a-t shock of surprise and repulsion; but after .t few days spent in her company, they mentally congratulated Wray on thie.perfectness of thle companionship which he h:ld secured. and rejoiced even nmore inl the l:lhappiness of a sweet and C good womtan. most cruelly iaflicted. At tile end of live years a chance meeoot ingi n an hotel threatened to ruin tile 1 peacefuhless of Margaret Wrlay's life. A t young oculist introduced himself to the poet's notice. asked permission to make ' Iian exainiitioni. and gave it ais his t opinion that iwhile the cnlteract inl one eye was beyond cure. an operation might 1 p'robibly restore sight to the other. It was the first glimnmering of iope 1 which Wray Ihadi known. Ie was wild- c Iy excitled--tn'ger o be treated without c delay; full of jyfiul anticipations; but to I his wile the tidings camle as a warrant for lier own dlonon. She]I kliew her 'his- t bUtld's weaiknesses by this time as well c as his virtucs: his shrnlking f'romn all I that was painful, his craving after beauty in every shape. At the best the i sight of her defornmed face must be c cruel disillusion; there were Inoments i when shie doubted if his love would out- ( live the shock land the knowledge thalt shle had wilfully fostered t false Impres- i sion. Thile operation was performned, and dur- f ing the next two days Wray's eyes were a closely handaged. They were the longest ( days which Margaret had ever klown. but they came to an end a:t last. The 1 hour al'rived when tlhe dressings were to I be removed, anld the wife sat waiting without ill such an agony of suspense as falls Io tile lot of few mortals to en dure. The doctor glanced keenly at her as lie touched her ice-cold hand in greeting, and i was so miclich alarmled by her appearance that he despatched the nurse to sit by her side during the critical moments. She was a tall, liandsolne girl, whose tac quallatance with the Wr'ays was of some t years' stlanding, and Ibecause she enter ed into the wife's feelings with a womnan's understanding slhe made no at tempt to speak. but only took the cold i hands in her own and held thllem in symi pathetic gr'ip. Margaret Wray stared at lier for some m moments with vague, unseeing gaze, but , gradually the young face, so beautiful in its mood of softened tenderness, woke a throbbing memory in her own heart, I Something like this she herself had been t before the blow fell which had slht tered her life. The luxuriant hair, 3 regular features, and well-marked brows t amade the resemblance something more 3 than a f:mincy, and it seemed to the poor i woman as if a ghost of her own past 1 had risen to add fresh bitterness to her I hour of humiliation. She .looked piti- i fully at the girl, her need of comfort i forcing her into speech. r e has never seen me. He knows nothing-and we have been so happy. SIf his sight comes back he will love me \- no longer. It will be the end!" "Dear Mrs Wray, don't say so. Don't Slet yourself think such things. You wrong your husband. Even if he were Sdisappointed at first, it could make no real .difference. He could not change after all these year's." The wife shook her head witth the sad 1 ness of settled conviction. "He is a man," she said, "and has c the artist nature. He would love the I, memory of the wife whom he has ima gined, but every sight of my face would bhe a fresh shock. He would shrink from me more and more. We would 1 drift apart. I don't blame him. It is Shis nature. He cannot help it." The girl lifted her head, as if about to 1 speak, but tile words died on her lips. o The chill in her own blood, tile instinc 1 tive repulsion wlichl held her back I when she most longed to comfort proved I too surely the truth of the wife's pro -phecy. So the two women sat in silence until the door opened and tile doctor en 1i tered. s ie advanced to the spot where Mrs Wray sat, his professional reserve giv ing way to pure human sympathy as lie 1 realised what this woman w;ias snfferilln. "He caln see, Mrs Wray," he said, 1 gently, "but I must tell you that I am 2 not satisfied. . .. There are sllyp Stoms of inflamllmation and I fear tile \- sight will not last. I have told your| husband my opinion, and that the eye m lust be re- bandaged without delay, but before that is done he asks-he has sent Intm-e is anxious to see you." Tle wife looked at him, and her face was the face of a dead woman. "You say-the sight-will not last ?" "I fear not. It is most improbable. I sail only say I bitterly regret having caused tis disappointment and-pain: Ar Wray is naturally agitated--ou need not stay with lim more than a minute; but I fear lie will not 1be satis lied until he has seen you." Magagaret's eyes roved round the ronom like those of a hunted animal. and :a they did so they lighted on the figure of the nll-se, straining forward in Ian attitude of anxiety, her face all tearful Snld quivering. She rose from her seat with a sudden illspiratiou, and gripped the girl by the shoulder. "You will help me!" she gasped. "You can! You must! It may be only a mo ment, and I cannot, alnnot ruinll is life tad mine. .. I have 11o one but him. . I must keep his love. or I shall die. . . You must go and see him in my place. . . You are beautiful. He will be happy remembering your face, and you need not speak. . . The doctor will bring you away before he suspects!" VWhile she spoke, her fingers were busily engaged in undoing the cap and apron which the nurse wore as badges of her office, and when this was done she held them out with trembling hands, ias though mutely asking that tiey should be fastened on herself. "But, Mrs Wray, this is not necessary. Spare yourself this at least. If nurse takes your place, there is no reason why you should distress yourself by going into the room." The doctor's voice was not quite steady as lie spoke, but Margaret's look was full of reproach. "Do you think I could stay away? If lie has not seen me, neither have I seen him with his soul in his eyes. I must go. It will be something to remember all my life . . " The poet lay on his bed in tle dark ened room. The blind of the further window was raised to half its height, and through it could be seen a vista of green boughs waving against the blue. He was looking towards it, but, as the doctor led the nurse .to the bed side, he turned quickly. and gazed into her face. His eyes were dim and bleared and lie held one hand before them as though in pain, hut with the other he drew her down nearer and ;:-'?rer, nntil tile dark young face was close to his own. "Margaret!" he cried, and his voice was a song of triumph. "My wife! my beautiful wife!" A sob of contentment broke from his throat. IHe let his head fall back on the pillow. and held up his lips with a winsome. childlike gesture. "Kiss me, Margaret!" For one instant tlhe girl hesitated, but only one; then, in full sight of tile onlooking figure, she bent her head, and the poet's lips pressed hers in a cloes', lingering kiss. Margaret W?ray neither Imoved nor spoke; it was the nurse whose self-possession failed, and tile doctor.1 huied her from the room il mo mentary fear of discovery. Outside il tlhe sitting-room the two women faced each other, silent and trembling. Then. suddenly the girl burst into a torrent of tears, and, throw ing her arms round Margaret's neck, kissed her passionately on cheek and lip and brow. "Take it back!" she. sobbed. "Take it back! It is yours-he meant'it for you. He loves you only. He will love you as long as be lives!" But Margaret Wray was a tlue wo man. She stood rigid beneath tile .em bracing arms, and her lips refused to re turn the caress. .' Thi doctor's prognostications proved to be too iwell founded. The inflamma tion increased rather than diminished. When next the dressings were renlov ed; Wray's sight' had faded so much tllhat he could just distinguishe between night and day. and by degrees thile darkness closed around him, from which t0here was no hope of escape. It was a bitter disappointment, but he bore it bravely, without any relIapse in to the hopeless despondency of tile past. and when he alluded to thle incident it was rather in a. spirit of thankfulness than of repining. "God was good. lHe gave me my lheart's desire. I saw tile sky again and thle green enrth, and my wife's face--he; beaiutiful face!" Then hie would stretch out his hand to find hers, while she tur1n ed to tile listener, craving his silence witlh pitiful eyes. It says much for a world which is of ten called by harsh names tlbat through out their triavellings together neitller m1an nor woman was found cruel enough to shatter Wnray's illusion, or to breathe a word to destroy his dream. The story of tile blind poet who believed so firmly inl the beauty of his afflicted wife toucll ed the coldest heart, and won for both a tender, pitiful regard. So they live in peace and happiness, and every night of his life IIubert Wray thlanks Neaven for the remembrance of his wife's face; wiille Margaret, kneeling beside her b1], cries to God tlhat, of His mercy, He will give back to her in Heaven liher vanished ibeauty, so that Hubert, whom she loves, may not be disappointed.-"Tit-Bits." Earon Von Ehrhardt, an elderly ofimcer of the Reserve, residing in Dusseldorf, recently refused to tight a duel with a young law aspirant, named Evers, and in consequence was expelled from tlhe army. We take the following from a Dusseldorf newspaper:- The Emperor,while confirming the ex pulsion, granted in special mercy that the Baron should be allowed to retain the Iron Cross, bestowed on him for valor shown on the battle fields of the French war of 1870. On the Baron being informed of this decision, he at once re turned the decoration, which had adorn ed his breast for 26 years, stating as rea son that a distinction won by repeatedly risking his life on the fields of honor lost its value, If its possession became an act of pure mercy. When the maojr of the regiment to which he belonged wrote that he would call on a specified day to carry away the officer's patent, Baron Ehrhardt replied that he had already thrown that document In the flames. For the rest, he was in the habit of fix ing for himself the days and hours when it was convenient for him for recelving visitors in his own house. Who was the real victor, and on whose side is to be found true courage and honest pride' of manllness? 