FOR VALOR. HOW A CROSS WAS WON. A cable message In "The Herald" re cently mentioned Lord Flncastlo us the recipient of the Vletorlu Cross. Here are som purtlculeurs:— We understand (says the "Dally Telegraph") that Lord r uicuHue, or tne ibtn Lancers, lias been recommended for the Victoria Cross, In recognition of ltis gallantry In the cuvulry charge at the action of Landl- kal, In the Swuf Valley, on August 17, when n most heroic effort was made to rescue two wounded officers. In the course of the charge the cavalry became "strung-out," the better-mounted men and Hie officers leaving the rest behind. Captain Palmer and Lieutenant Greaves maintained u strong loud, closely followed by Colonel Adams and Lord Fincastle, and as tho enemy were approached Colonel Adams pushed on faster in order to direct Captain Palmer to keep to his left und tuke shelter In a clump or trees which stands some ilfiy yards from the foot of the htll where (he enemy hud token refuge. Unfortunntely this order was unheard by Captain Pal mer. nnd be nnd Greaves rode straight Into the Ninafi knot of tribesmen who were still on Ihe plain, under a very heavy fire from those on the hill. Lieutenant Greaves was shot almost in- stonily, and fell to, the ground, and Colonel Adams and Lord Flncustle at nneu dushed In to rescue him from thu ClhozlH, who wore hacking with their swords nt his prostrate body. It wad at this Juncture that Captain Palmer's horse was killed and he himself received a bullet wound through the right wrist. AH' Colonel Adams and Lord Fincastle galloped up the Grazis retrented from the body nnd began firing at them at a distance of ulwut twenty yards, while the enemy on the hill also poured lu a stream of bullets. Lord Flncustle's horse was shot, and several bullet holes were afterwards found In his saddle, and his scabbard was shuttered by n ball. How he uud Colonel Adams escaped ap pears a miracle. Lord Fincastle now endeavored to raise Lieutenant Greuvcs' body utr to Colonel Adnms' saddle, but found himself unable to do so, and a rush of Ohazls eomlrlg down the hill ut the moment. Colonel Adams moved a few yards to the right to IhterceDt them. Lord Fincastle then dropped the body and stood "over It until the arrival of two sowars. While one of the tatter . was assisting Lord Fincaktto to raise Greaves a bullet passed through tbo wounded man's chest, and It was this that l<UK'd (l)ini( us he had hitherto been ;uretitft(hff, "though' unconscious. A|l this ; time Colonel Adnms sat quietly on bis ! horse guarding the others ns far us ho j could from the hot lire kept up by tho enemy, which now killed one of- the sowar'.s-,horfiC8. Meanwhile Lieutenant MacLcnn, hav lug guided the remainder of the squad ron under cover of tho neighboring clump of trees, dashed out to the rescue with three sowars. Two horses were at once shot; Llcutcnunt MacLcan dis mounted, and with his help Lieutenant Greaves' body was at length raised on to a sowar's saddle and borne safely away. All now made oft towards tho trees, Lieutenant MacLcan and Lord, Fincustlo on foot, nnd on the wny the former was shot through both thigh, was helped under cover, but died al most at once from loss of blood. Colonel Adams' horse meanwhile was wounded, and ho himself received & sword cut In ; the right hund. Thus the losses during I the few minutes which these events oe- 1 cuplod were two Brl.tlsh officers killed uud two - wounded, and four horses ! killed and two wounded. Both Colonel j Adams and Lord Fincastle ' dlepluycd great courage In their determined at tempt to save Lieutenant Greaves, un happily dead, under a very heavy tire, at so short a range, and the coolness ol the former whllo resolutely protecting the- others, so far as lay In his power. by -lnterp9slng himself between them nnd the Ghosts, , cannot be tbo highly praised. 