NEEDLES bhorfc, buarp, bnmy. Mr. Gilbert predicts a good season. Messrs. Hague and Cook are both ill. Coursing on the plumpton to-morrow. Mr. Hague has one week's leave of absence. A suicide at tho Parkside Lunatic Asylum. J Mr.- Glynn thinks that figures are distraet ing. One of the cogs of the Clarendon weir valves broke. Sir John Downer argues against a capricious tariff. "A Valuable Life," by Miss Adeline Ser geant. Mr. Glynn wants proportional represen tation. Tho boat jetty at Scales Bav would cost £1,100. Mr. Wood quoted a poem of his own com posing. The Protector has been visiting Victor Harbor. Great Britain going in for a fresh naval pro gramme. Mr. Glynn is not enamored of the refe rendum. Mr. Carpenter wants a system of old age pensions. The O'Malley asks .for a free cemetery near Adelaide. A razzle-dazzle programme in the Assembly yesterday. The House discussed graves and graveyards vesterday. . Death sentence on a native named Peter commuted. The contract for butter carriage ia not for a fixed term. New words by Mr. Landseer—"Quoto," "assuvity." _ A very small House to listen to the federa tion debate. Railway revenue for tho week ending July 24, £17,7(51. Mr. Landseer recently has taken to reading his speeches. . ' Pour largo battleships are to be added to tho British navy. Mr. Duncan made a short and sensible speech on federation. , _ Several new agents appointed for the Savings Bank.' . . The Treasurer acknowledges Parafield is very far away. Mr. Glynn was very learned and very fluent on Wednesday. Much talk about federation in the Assembly on Wednesday. Mr. O'Mally says you can't prevent men making money. , Mr. A. Poynton appointed a member of the School of Mines. Miss' Spence heard the debate on effective voting yesterday. Mr. Landseer does not want multi-million aires in Australia. The Treasurer says a lot of money has been spent at Parafield. _ The Chitralese natives have again attacked the British troops. Mr. McPherson urges that the stock tax should be repealed. Clarendon people trying to, make their town look more attractive. _ A German expedition in Dama'raland de feated by the natives. A fortnight's leave of absence has been granted to Mr. Hague. A training college for school teachers is to be established in Perth. Mr. Landseer believes labor will be repre sented in the federation. _ ', The Minister of Education is going to en courage art in the country. Mr. Batchelor says responsible government is not suitable to federation. Thirty-five graziers of Newcastle ask for three years'remission of rent. Stated that spraying trees with Paris green is dangerous to the operators. The Treasurer states that there is plenty of room in West-terrace Cemetery. Mr. Carpenter, thinks the Destitute Asylum should be removed to a better site. Mr. Landseer thinks the South Australian constitution the best in tli6 world. South Australia paid £6,6G6 13s. 4d. to Vic toria for phylloxera-killing in 1883. The Government injunction is, "Let us spray," but tho fruitgrowers object. New members of school boards of advico appointed by the Executive Council. Mr. McDonald fears that old age pensions will "discourage thrift and industry." The Military Band paid a visit to the Eire Brigade Station on Tuesday evening. The Commissioner of Crown Lands has not yet received any offers of land for sale. Mr. Handyside says the stock tax has been very beneficial to farmers and graziers. * , The sluice valves of the weir at Clarendon have been opened to get rid of the silt. " Nap" in the committee rooms and naps on the benches of the House of Assembly; Mr. Justice Dashwood appointed to preside at the Northern Territory Circuit Court. Another crowded, mystified, and merry audience at the Bijou Theatre last night. Mr. Holder says already there have been several.interments in Parafield Cemetery. Mr. O'Malley will introduce a Bill to legitimatize children born out of wedlock. Lydia Pounds, an inmate of the Lunatic Asylum, took methylated spirits and died. . "The Lights o' London" will succeed "Con fusion" at the Theatre Royal on Saturday. Mr. Glynn says no independent members were elected at the last Assembly elections. Rabbits affected by _ chicken cholera are giving up the ghost rapidly in Queensland. New South Wales hoard of experts making another trial shipment of oranges to London. The goid discoveries on the Yukon, Canada, are stated to be of almost incredible richness. Eruitgrowers objecting to regulations com pelling them to spray their trees with Paris green. Miss C. H. Spence was in the Assembly gallery on Wednesday to hear Mr. Glynn's speech. . " Lord Brassey gave evidence before the Old Age Pensions Commission in Melbourne yes terday. The Adelaide Steamship Company's Larnaca j arrived at Sydney yesterday after an exciting 1 voyage. .' The Commissioner of Public Works is obtaining a report on the extension of the deep drainage. Mr. Gilbert says that- the action of the ship ping companies caused the raising of the price of fodder. It took the bells on Thursday evening to get a quorum. The average attendance was about ten. The Clarendon Football Club has ceased to exist because so many of the players have gone to the West. . Shareholders in the Adelaide Steamship Company jubilant over the excellent position of the company. The farcical comedy " Confusion" will be repeated at the Theatre Koyal this and to morrow evening. Mr. Holder does not like the idea of extend ing the West-terrace Cemetery towards populous suburbs. Lord Brassey thinks it possible for a Govern ment to deal with the poverty of a country under regulations. The animated photographs in natural colors meet with an enthusiastic reception nightly at the Bijou Theatre. The first instalment of "A Valuable Life," by Mis3 Adeline Sergeant, will appear in next Saturday's Express. The Adelaide Steamship Company has now paid dividends for 20 years, averaging £6 13s. per cent, per annum. Miss Adeline Sergeant's • latest story, "A Valuable Life," will commence publication in next Saturday's Express. Carl Hertz is drawing crowded houses with his mirthful, magical, and musical entertain ment at-the Bijou Theatre. "We have spent £64,000 on Queensland stock routes, and we .should get something in return," says Mr. Handyside. The British Government propose. spending £250,000 on a new yacht for the Queen, haying a speed of 20 knots an hour. Mr. Batclielor objects to bang on to the shore of the British constitution while navi gating the ocean of federation. Mr. Glynn thinks' the extension of the principles of-local option means the shirking of representative responsibility. The members of the House of Assembly, have mutually agreed not to listen to each other's drivel on the Commonwealth Bill. The British Government propose spending £130,000 on dockyard labor, £40,000 on materials, and £60,000 on torpedo-destroyers. Dr. Coekburn does not think that Mr. Play ford would make use of tile expression "tommy rot" in connection with tree spray - ing. "Why, when our stock is taxed elsewhere, should we let the other colonies dump their old cows and cheap ewes here ?' asks Mr. Handy side. Miss Adeline Sergeant, the author fof the new Express story, is a writer of wholesome fiction who has achieved a wor.d-wide reputa tion. The junior member for Encounter Bay asks for a Select Committee to collect reliable data oil which to found. a scheme of old age pen sions. Mr. Handyside says one Adelaide dealer has bought all the Queensland cattle which will be available for the next three months—about S,000. A great disappointment for William Dodd, the pensioner, who was. on his way from Broken Hill to attend the old soldiers' demon stration. The commander of the_ Punjaub division is sending four infantry regiments with a moun-1 tain battery to Chitral to give the natives; another lesson. Mr. WingfieldrDigby was present^ at the I. meeting of the Parliamentary Committee on j Produce Marks in London, but maintained a discreet silence. Mr. MePhcrson reminded the Government1 of the promise given by Mr. Playford that i architects should have a chance, to send in de signs for public buildings. ' ' 