SPORTAS AND PASTIMES. FOOTBALL. BRUNSWICK v. NORTH MEL- I BOURNE. (BrY " VETERAN.") The clerk of the weather made better arrangements than his been usual with him of late, in allowing the above clubs " a fairly good day Iis' Saturday to battle out their differences in the recreation reserve. The 'Wicks entered S the arena irn rire fi hti:g power, and in m the first qnuarter did not beat about the R bush, but got to close ar.d warm work. with the result that they put on I goal th 4 behinds to thleir opponents' 1 goal 2 it: behinds. It was in the second qnarter an that the locals got abroad, the a Northerners patting in some dashing work, and made several vigorous on- B, slaughts on the 'Wicks uprights; the e1 record at half time, North, 3 goals 6 of behinds, Brunswick, 1 goal 5 behinds. th The third and last quarters were Ti very lively ones, the North having all of their work cut out to hold their otwn when called opon; the defence of Lthe as] 'WVicks was a real stubb rn or.e, whilst fra in attacking they missed their oppar- an t nities Oy not steering the leatlher are 'fipirht..for goalr. The. game ended, I sol North 5 goals 7 behinds, B3runoswick 3 swi goals 7 behinds. TI The two goals gained by the North wa the second quarter virtually gave them the victory. J. Clough is ondoubtedly improving H every Saturday. Better in a place be back or half back than following; when rei on tihe ball, he fears no foe, or friend bi! either; down they go, and ba hron " ;e for the ball. "Pluto" and Ryan will ab make an ffidavit to that effect-3sk re them thI The Victorian Football Associationr mr have selected the following ti go to Ballarat on the 31st inst:-Ports, re Monagle, Freame, Henderson, Powell; mt North, E. Launder, B. Lanoder, Rolent, Qeilligan; Footscray, Brock- ke rell, Dick, Williams, Drew ; Bruns wick, Johnson, T. O'Loughlin; Rich- Mi mond, Backhouse, Parker and Clark. ms The committee of the V.F.A. are to mi be commended for their firmness in pa punishing a player of the Port Mel- let bourne club for being *the worse of of liquor, whilst playing it a match, and Vc also cenecored tihe committee of that club for pressing the man to play, knowing the state that he was in at thie 11 time. Verdict-Not to play with his `V club during the next five weeks. att Proner too. of Williamstown, front whom great Cr things were expected against the Ports mr last Saturday, on thie ground of the m, latter, turned out quite disappointing; inl the Portonians really never gave thle 30 visitors a ghost of a show, their clever tactics and handball passing amounted to as near perfection as possible. It wr was a treat to observe the jadgment ani and excellence displayed by Mcnsgle, the for the winning team ably supported by the Knoox and Henderson,, strong in defence, Ge ard Daly forward, gave the goal de- ma fenders a bad time of it. Hall pro McWilliams, Warrer. and Wormal were pa undoubtedly Williamstown's best men rei Ports, 9 goals 14 behinds to Williams- op town, 2 goals 4 behinds. let To learn tihe art of barraching cor rectly, drop quietly some Saturday pe afternoon at Port Melbourne, and you in will never forget it I'll warrant. '"Hard cc a Port." Last Monday night at the town Ihall, the Public Works Committee of the town council cordially received the three ag delegates from the footbhall, cricket and th cycling clubs. After two hours of care- at ful work, it was decided that repre sentatives from the clubs named cun- es jointly, with the members of the Public nt Works Committee,control the recreation ao: reserve, subject to the consent of the o01 whole council. That the ploughing up of the ground, barrowing, sowing of seed, cl etc., be proceeded with at once. Levels b to be taken and a new bicycle track ar laid down, and all the improvements di necessary to make an up to date di sporting arena. Financially the terms w offered to the clubs are reasonable, each sport to contribute one third of of the nett proceeds of their matches. tl Gracious, Brunswick-;will have one cf,the E best appointed grounds out of Mel- It bourne. w Brunswick v. Ports to-day, at Brunms- te wick. Hard luck for our boys in having ta to play the champions with a weak .team owing to different causes. Capt. Ia O'Loughlin finds himself run down, tF and will consequently take a rest. Cl Mudge, Dalton and one or two others, owing to injuries are forced to follow b the example of their skipper. Leeds, a Rainbow junior will bs tried to-day, and from all accounts is a glutton forwoork on the bill.: Sampson will try his hand as com mander of' the 'Wicks against Ports, and I wish him goad luck under very trying conditions. Faint heart never / kicked goals and won matches. For ward 'Wicks. My friod "rooster" acting upon the advice teidered trim in my lst Satur- c day's notes, r let the man alone," al- 9 though the old Adam asserted itselt. It is no good, the habit is a bat one, and sooner i' is nipped in the bed the better. One of the leading men connected t with the football club informs me that Cr. Fleming has decided to think over a the matter of re-joining the club again, and whether or not he will still adhere to the promise he made the club of a giving them a trophy at the end of the season.. Now this is just the sort of I thing that should happen, for Cr. John has done good work in connection with reserve, and " All's well that ends well." Amen. Tire G.U.O.F.G. will hold one of their pleasant social evenings on Fritloy next, 30th July, at tire Melctanics' In stitute, Brunswick. Tickets can be ob tained fromt any smermber of contulitteo, or Mr. G. Paint, Sydney road. Mr. Clayton will officiate as Ml.C. Tine Coburg coucil are opposed to the amending Dog Act, and instrruct the Parliamentary reprcsentativeo occard ingly1 