:f{!:AMDHUS/iOL;: ' Mrs. Isaacstein (engaging servant) — ' I hope you haven't a young man ?' Bridget— ' Oh, no mum, he's nearly fifty !' Maud — 'Miriam is trying to keep her en gagement a secret.' Martha— 'How do you know?' *' She told'me ao.' Bertha— 'What is the height of your ambition, dear?' Marie (blushing)— 'Oh, something between five and a half and six feet.' Visitor— ' la your father as old as he looks ?' Son (whose father is an alderman)— ?' I don't know, but I'm sure he isn't as big s he feels.' He — 'If we should decide to elope to morrow night do you think you could get your trunk packed in time?' She — 'Oh, yes ; pa and ma would help mo 1' Wife — ' How people gaze at my new dreBS. I presume they wonder if I've been shopping in Paris.' Husband— ff More likely they wonder if I've been robbiog a bank.' . Willie— ' It's always in damp places where mushrooms grow, isn't, it, papa?' Papa — ' Yes, my boy.' Willie-!-' Is that the rea son they look like umbrellas, papa?' Flippany CockDey (to countryman) — 'Are there many fools in this part of the world, my lad ?' Yokel — ' Not as I knows on, zur. Why, d'yer feel a bit lonesome like ?' Emily — CSI am so unhappy. I begin to see that Arthur married me for my money.' Her dearest friend — 'Weil, you have the comfort of knowing chat he is hot as simple as he looks.' Conductor— ' Did you see that man with the child?' Driver — 'No.' Conductor — 'He's the proudest father I ever met. Insisted on paying full fare for the Bix months-old boy.' ; 'Did Cynicus encourage you to send in your picture?' asked the artist's friend. 'Yes. He intimated that ib ought to be exhibited.' ?« What did he. say ?' . ' He said it was a sight.' Mother (examining the proof of her small son's photograph)— ' Johnny, why didn't you smile ?' Johnny (aged six years, with injared air)— 'I did, mother, but the man didn't put it down.' Mrs. Henry Peck— ' Bah ! I only married you because I pitied you when nobody else thought anything about you.' Mr. Henry Peck (wearily)—' Ah, w«il, my dear, every body pities me now !' ,' Grandpa, how old are you ?' 'I am 87 years old, my little dear.' ' Then you were born 80 years before I was,' 'Yes, my little girl.' 'What a long time you had alone waiting for me.' Edith—' He told me I was so interesting and so beautiful.' Julia— 'And yet you will trust yourself for life with a man who begins deceiving you even at the commence ment of his courtship !' Daughter — 'Oh, papa, I've just got the most lovely yachting costume you ever saw.' Papa (busily)— 'I'm glad you like it;.' Daughter — 'It's just too sweet for anything. Now all we need is a yacht.' HaBkell — 'What's Bobby crying for?' Mrs. Haskell— 'Oh! the poor boy caught his finger in the pantry door.' Haskell — ' H'm ! he evidently didn't get the jam he was looking foe that time.' Judge—' Have you anything to say before the court passes sentence upon you ?' Pri sonor— ' Well, all I can say is, I hope yer honor'Jl consider the extreme youth of my lawyer, an' let me off easy.' No matter how strongly a man pretencls that he doesn't believe in ghosts it may be doubted if he ever goes by a churchyard at midnight without feeling as if something were going to grab him from behind. 'Won't you take this seat ?' said the gen tleman in the tramcar, rising and liftiug his hat. 'No, thank you,' said the cirl with the skates over her arm ; ' I've been skating at the Ice Palace and I'm tired of sitting down,' 'Please, mum,' said the servant from next door, 'missus sends her compliments, and will you be so kind aB to sing, and play the piano this afternoon 1' ' Why, certainly. Tell your mistress I'm glad she likes it,' replied tha landlady. ' Oh, it isn't that, mum ; she's expecting the landlord, and she | wants Borne excuse for asking for a reduotion i 1 of the rent. ' 