THE PHANTOM VOICE. A' STRANG K CASE IN A PENNSYL VANIA COURT. Sitting on the verandah of his sum mer; residence l»y an Inland lake In Michigan, Mumimtded by Ms family and gncsts. the venerable Judge. Wattles told the strangest story of ids professional "Immediately fulLmlng my admission to the bar." h» said. "I was made prose cuting attorney, accepting th»» honor rw :» d' served tribute to my superior abili ties. Hut you mii.u hear In mind UvU this was a good many years »tgo. in a little vnlk-v town of Pennsylvania, where we were hemmed In hy the mountains end hod few with whom to compare in the mutter of Intelligence or attainments. "In the criminal annals of the county there were the evidences of a well-dis posed community, and It come its u startling s-nsatlou when Farmer Jen kins. driving home late one night, was beaten to InpenslblHly nud robbed of a large sum of money. Here wtw work for mc and I went at It with the ze.il of an ambitious beginner. Jenkins in sisted that hu would be able to Identify his assailant, seen in thu dim moonlight that sifted through the trees, describing him qs a tall, well-dressed young man with a dark moustache, and an ungry red »c«r across his left cheek. " 'Why, I seed that air critter, do clared Constable Joe Iluskey. '! khn on him sudden like ylsterday when I was flshln' at Punkoy Holler crick. Th fellar war In awlmmln' an' tole me he war '-ist outcn the city fur a lettlu re creation. I'd know him 'mongst a thou- "IJy employing competent assistance from Philadelphia. wu ran down our man, Jenkins and Huskey both recognising Mm ut sight. A few days after the arrest und whllo 1 was working on (he case, a handsome, matronly appearing woman walked Into the ollice. Introduc ing herself mi thu mother of the prisoner, who huil given the name of Harry Win- ter. Khfi bore the unmistakable marks or refinement, and In u brief statement punctuated by convulsing sobs, assured me that a terrible mistake had been made. Harry was her son. her only sup port, and she a widow. He was the soul of honor, and had never given her an hour's anxiety. He was with her the night of the assault and robbery. They, had walked for an hour In the evening, after which hu rend lo her, going to his room ut-ll. It was a physical as well us n moral Impossibility for him to have done the great wrong laid at Ids door. Her story greatly Impressed ino, but there was the positive Identities, thin by Jenkins and tho constable. "Less than a week later I bad another caller; a wcll-dresHcd man; who walked with n llmp, and who said he had been aubpcKimed by the defence to show Wln- leFs ; good reputation. But nothing could have surprised him mbre, for he kn»»w the accused to have n dnmn!ng«re- eord. He declared that he had a full confession of that very crime from the prisoner, who hud rolled upon the cripple ua a loyal friend, simply because they luul met occasionally at ihe mother's house. .This swept awny the doubts Ihnt shc hud created,, convincing tne that her clinging love hud overcome her 'regard for the truth. 1 gained a pro mise from thu cripple that ho would u:iy nothing till called to the stand hy thu other side. « "When the prosecution Imd made Its case at the trial 1 was entirely satlKllcd. Just after Jenkins und IJuskey hud sworn point hlunk, as I knew they would, word reached me that there was a prl- vuie detective In the, court room who wonted Winter for a crime committed hi New York. This was help from an un expected source, nnd I soon had It before the Jury that the ugly scar on Winter's check- was made hy a man defending hln home against burglars. There was not luul been colled about him. "On his" hwhulf the testimony of the ' weeping mother made a 'deep Impres sion,' hut I wuu confident that, the sihjII (iho bad put upon the twelve men Hitting In Judgment would yield to the cool du- liberatioim of the Jury room. After seve ral unknown' witnesses had given tRHti- niony- tending to show ihnL Winter had ,lud u reputable life, the man who had called upon tne limped to the stand, and 1 must confess that I rejoiced at the an- Uclpbted confusion of Ihu defence. "13ut there was a most unaccountable Intervention. No sooner was Die oath ad ministered lo the witness than n voice from overhead solemnly wanied him lo remember that he hud made sacred pro mise before his Maker to tell nothing hut the trutli. The prisoner dropped licuvlly Into his chair, the Jurymen went while iis-ghostR, and the Judge cast a troubled look about thu culling us If to detect the buhl -offender, 1 'Order In thu court' wns gralHy demanded uud the case proceed ed. The Ilvst material question asked was ns to the character of thu prisoner, and that same phantom voice, (his time from the rear of the Judge, culled the collapsed witness hy name, and said, hi measured tones: 'Hcmeuitier thai, thu pains and penalties of perjury are not Indicted In thin world nlone, but arc Im posed through nit eternity.' "The court , whirled and gasped with a turroi'.Umi his. pride sought vainly lo conceal, An unknmvu drend wits upon mo 'itntl the Jurymen were stricken with fright. - Hard-headed and practical old farmers as they were, thu superstition that had lain dormant nnd dying through generations was quickened Into life. Hut it was thu witness who cringed and .stared ns though In the presence of death. II(i admitted n hitter enmity to ward the prisoner whose liberty hu hud meant to swear away, though culled In Ills behalf, uml-'wound up hy not only swearing that . Winter was a model young u.uii, mil umi nu was seen want ing with Ids mother hy thu witness on the .night In question. "I felt thu ground slipping from under mc, but thu dramatic climax -was yet to come. . From tin open door Into onu'of thu small adjacent rooms hurried an ex cited nmn, with striking features and blazing eyes, lie ruHhed to the prisoner, embracing him as a father might havu done, and then demanded, rather than requested, that his evidence might he token. It was to Ihu utTuct that ho bad hcun u captain In the Mexican wur, thai Winter, then a mere boy, wns a drum mer whom Ihu captain loved as a fa ther; that when hu was shot from his horse in n charge the boy gullantly fought buck (he murderous Mexicans till stranger assistance could come, and that there he Imd received the wound which left such a gluiHtly scar. The im petuous witness even got In a sliiiemcnt that there must he some vile conspiracy against Winter, uud wanted to confront the prlvutu detective. Hut he had dls- apjiuared. Tie- Jury ucquittcd without retiring, and I thought their verdict a righteous one. "One evening, -ome year luter, when South on business, I found tltne heavy on my hand and dropped Into a place or uinuHemcm. I wns indifferently Inter ested until that voice of the court room, which still haunted my memory, came from an upper eorn-r of the hull, i felt like running, but, turning to the sLige. I saw niy hern of the Mexicun war. He tipped mu a recognition, and later went with tnu 10 the hotel. There under pledge of secrecy, he gave mu the Inside facts of that mysterious trial. "The alleged mother, (h„ ft||i>B,.,i ,p.. tcrtlve. the alleged captain, the cripple and Winter wop: all members of a shrewd gang of crooks operating in the eusl. Winter had committed the rob bery, and his pals hud put up the elabu- rate scheme which saved hhn. They en- Joyed many » laugh over lie- maimer In which they had 'done' the 'Rubes' up In my county. Winter wns then doing a life sentence. The 'mother' was dead, the 'detective' lied thu country, and the cripple went with him. The 'captain' was one of the bent ventriloquists of the day, and hod become n 'professor,' who made nu honest living. It was his voice, thrown at will, Unit left ns simple Penn sylvania folks thinking that wo Itad en countered the supernatural." 