THE FISCAL ISSUE. THIS afternoon the House of Assembly will discuss the motion desiring it to express an opinion that it is best in the interests of the colony that the food duties be abolished immediately, notice of which was given b} r Mr. George Leake, Leader of the Opposition, last week. Tlie motion is an abstract one, and, if affirmed by a majority, will be tantamount to a vote of want of confidence in the Government. It is certainly the most momentous proposition of a purely local character ever put before the Legislature, and it is devoutly to be wished that those who were returned to Parliament pledged to the removal will be prepared with arguments worthy of the occasion. Unfortunately, in such a small community such as Westralia is, it is difficult to find anyone who has made more than a passing study of the science of economics and our politicians are rather more pedlars than statesmen. Even in so far as debates have progressed during the present session it is only too palpable, and grievously so, that honorable gentlemen have not yet arrived at that condition wherein they cgtn shake off the dust of parochialism and rise somewhere near the heights of nationalism. It is not this or that class that has to be considered, but the whole welfare of the colony and its people. The greatest good for the greatest number is an old watch cry, and even though the password of a low-grade form of socialism^ its intrinsic merit is beyond all possible cavil. The minority must of course be regarded, but in the question of the food duties it is so infinitessimal that a hundred should not be made to suffer for one. The question now is the greatest good for the many, and the granting of it will cause the reflection of a great good to the few. Mr. Leake's motion affords a genuine opportunity for tlie display of a knowledge of the grasp of the wider problems ; of the higher political state. Sir John Forrest is an able debater, a splendid tactician, and casuistic unsurpassed. The food duties question lias, without doubt, two sides to it. There is his excellent old hi-falutin argument which reads so well in theory but works so badly in pr;ictice that encouragement must be given for settlement on the land, so that in time the province may become independent of the outside world. The measure of the value of land is the density of population, and with every addition to trade and population there must be an addition to the land values of the colony. Trade and population are therefore to be stimulated, notretarded. In reply to a deputation from the W.A. Chamber of Mines, London, the Premier said :—"I am just as eager and anxious that food should be as cheap as possible as anybody. The question is which is the wisest in the interests of the colon}'. Freetrade will tell you that the gold product is the only thing—we have only to look after the gold and let everything else take care of itself. But those are not the principles on which the Government of Western Australia are acting at the present time. We believe the gold mining industry is a great factor in the prosperity of the colony, and we wish to use that industry to promote every other industry in the colony, as I think it will, and we think the time has not arrived when we should remove duties from those articles of food which we are able and which the colony is fitted to produce." That is the crucial "We wish to use the gold industry to promote every other p e s a industry in the colony." The tax Is not upon the general community, but it is the mining industry alone which is jisked to carry the remainder of the province on its shoulders. No wonder then that it does not progress with that speed which the average of the gold yield warrants. The discovery of the Eastern goldfields of the colony turned Cinderella into the Princess. But the- ïiousehold drudge .forgets her good fairy and asks her to still bear the burdens of her existence. The Premier, in reply to all exhortations for relief from the tariff robbery, falls back on the free list. Mining machinery is admitted free, so are tools, galvanised iron, tea, sugar and a dozen other things. But thej r do not comprise every necessary. The Premier says railways have been constructed, thousands of miles of roads and telegraph lines built, and an infinite number of other public works accomplished. All most excellent, but all casuistry. Sir John is not so much a protectionist as interested in agricultural and pastoral pursuits. Practically his speaking stock argument in favor of the retention of the present duties resolves itself down to the bedrock that he only does so in order to obtain a revenue. There is the hidden reason of interest which at this stage it is not wise to introduce. It is quite possible to be a thorough-going freetrader and yet levy a toll at the Customs for revenue purposes pure and simple, taxing necessaries lightty and luxuries heavily. By letting in tea and coffee free, the Premier can claim no merit, and showed no desire to help the miners, as he insists was Ids intention in the remission. Butter, bread, meat, and other absolute necessaries of life are taxed, so that meat becomes a luxury ; and fruit of any kind is only bought for general consumption by the ver} r wealthy, or for invalids who take it as medicine. If the Government is honestly desirous of raising revenue at the Customs to carry out public works for the benefit of the goldfields, the burden should be more evenly distributed, even though tea aud sugar were placed on the tariff. As it is at present there is no equality ; but endless spoliation. The creed of the freetrader is to meet cheap foreign competition by superior merit and greater enterprise. By deduction therefrom protection causes those who work under its doubtful aegis to become lazy, indolent, aud careless. Where protection flourishes most in Australia—that is in Victoria—the farmer, once he overtook the local market and became an exporter, had to rouse himself from the lotus sleep and enter into competition with the world. In this he is handicapped to an enormous extent, in so much a,s his implements are all taxed in favor of the local artisan, and the return from his crops is not commensurable with his outlay. A 10 per cent, ad valorem duty for revenue on wheat and meat, together with the cost of sea and rail transit, should be sufficient protection for the local farmer if he is energetic ; and if the soil is capable of returning a crop in proportion to the expenditure of labor. No independent farmer desires to be suckled by the State. Gold has its standard value all the world over. A sovereign passes anywhere for the inherent value it represents, and b) T the same token a bushel of wheat should not be, by artificial methods, made to cost more than it is worth in the markets of the world. That is not the way the Government reasons. It- says—"We wish to use the gold-mining industry to promote every other industry." But what would happen supposing that the production of gold stopped suddenly. The farming industry would not save it ; the blankest ruin that ever a country had to face would be the ghost trailing over the path of the future. New South Wales to-day owes her continued prosperity to the freetrade policy introduced by Mr. Reid, while much of Victoria's backwardness is due to her prohibitive policy at the customs. The salvation of the latter colony is her butter export trade—which was built up by a prudent system of bonuses, and the mining industry, not the sweated bootmakers and tailors, nor even the farmer who confines himself to cereal culture. The food duties affect the revenue to the extent of less than £200,000 per annum, a sum the Government cannot do without. The statesman must look forward: A great area of land is being brought under crop. People are freely settling on the land, while the increase of population is stopping steadily. Very soon the supply must overtake the demand, and when that arrives an unhealthy community—an} 7 industry fostered into prominence by protection is unhealthy, as it cannot stand without assistance—will languish because of the limited market and the difficulties of export being as great as , to-da} r . The cessation of immigration is due to workers here finding it cheaper and more comfortable to keep their families in the other colonies. Were the cost of living reduced families would be brought across, and there would then be an extended and always increasing population for the farmer to operate upon. The ratio of births in Westralia is ridiculous compared with the other colonies. But leaving doctrinal deductions alone and dealing with the financial aspect we ask would it not the Government handsomelj r to bait the sprat to catch the mackerel, by letting the £200,000 go and laying firm hands on the £1,000,000 which is very year earned in this colony and ent away to feed the families of our dult males. 