Settling on the Land. j In the N.S.W. Aasorably theotherevening (saya the '. Daily Telegraph") Mr Carruthers gave Iho leasing party oomu truths an to the great baok country.. The trouble i-hero was, he said nob to got land, but to inducu men to go and settle there on any terms. It was absolutely.ridliulous to attempt. to legislate for that oountry 'on theories that wore applicable to tho productive lands now tho coast. Out on the Paroo and the Warrego and lower down the man with 20,000 aores on tho settlement lease principle who would have about 1000 theep would go. Conceive, said Mr Carruthers, the case of a man situated in that wild, desolate country with a few hundred Bheep that he could maintain on a settlement lease. Some of the statements made by Mr Car ruthers- statements morely reciting official facta-were almoat. pathetic in the insight that they give of life out in tho far west and Bouth-west. The recent history of MB department, in its dealing with the back country, was u record of abandoned holdings, the stories of men, despairing of ever doing Bnything for th' maelvoi In the waterless, ifeedless interior, throwing up their homes and leaving them to the prey of the rabbit, tlie dingo and the wallaby. One man, who had gone out with £30,000, had come back penniless, as the result of the expenditure of his monoy and the labour of thn best years of his life. In another case £160,000 Was paid years ago for a ruu of a million acres. Tho land has been thrown again' on the department and thu vaBt area turned into a breeding ground for pets. Great airetches of other oountry hadbuen forsaken, millions of aores, the leaseholders hopeless of wrest ing a living from the adverse natural elements. " Let the Single Taxc'rs go and take tho land up,"aaid Mr T. Fitzpalrlok.' The faot, the Minister said, WSB that the utmost encouragement must be given to capitalists, to men of means, to take up the baok country, if it was ever to be settled at all. You couldn't deal with this land on any town theories. He had no objection to a general declaration in favour of the leasing system j bub he objected to any form of resolution that would bind his administration down to any particular methods. It would only mean closing the land to settlement of any kind. MAMMON Woitsmr.- Rich people often mean well, but tho flattery "f their neigh bours spoils them. They think, if they head a subscription list with » good suui, that therefore bhe whole charity is at their disposal. If they subscribe largely to build ing for publio or Church purposes, they get to look on it as their private property. This SB nob well, and is hardly honest, but their flatterers make it out to bo all right. But we are sure that the laity would aot better If tho clergy and, above all, tho bishops (who ought ever to set the hlcrher line) were to give them a better example. The last man in every pariBh to serve and worship Mammon ought to be thu minister of Christ. His Master has told him plainly that a divided allegiance is impracticable. He is not loyal to Christ if he Berves Mam mon. While we are in this world it is true that money will be needed to carry out good bchemes, bub this may usually bo obtained without disloyally to Christ, without oring ing to Mammon, without subservience to the meddling power'of the rich. After all, the real work of the Church is not a work to be purohased by money, bub the operation of the Holy Ghost on the souls of God's people. - " Churoh Review." TYPESETTIKO.-The poor " oomp," in the near future has a very dismal outlook before him through the all increasing use of machinery, as is evidenced from the following piece of information, culled from' the Melbourne EercM " One of tho linotype operators in this office working on non pareil type, on Friday last week, setting letters, raoing, shipping, advertisements, etc., composed 63,456 stamps in 4| hours, being an average of 12,578 per hour. There was absolutely no preparations of <»ny kind, either in the matter of copy or of the spread of the machine. The turn-out was in tho ordinary way of aetbing." Certainly bhe use of linotypes in country offices will, perhapB, never become general, as their prioo is too prohibitive to come within the reach of small up country newspaper pro prietors. 