i g-,, ? .... -ffVIt AST0V8DIXQ LOCOMOTOR ÄT-Jk I/U CUJtE. DOCTORS PRONOUNCED OASE HOPELESS. HELD TO BE SOLD BY MEDICAL MEN THE WOULD OYEE. A PEOMINENT SYDNEY M.L.A. BEARS TESTIMONY. (From the AOSTBAUAK WOBKMAK.) Our representativo made hi« way to ] the home of Mr. Thomas Jam's, *5 Crown-lane, Ultimo, Mr. Jarvis is one of the best known residents of that thickly populated suburb. Ho was discovered nurning a baby, and bis foco declared him to bo ono of the happiest mon in Sydney. In reply to the preliminary ques tions ho said : " You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of au opportunity to tell you- The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." ,' How long were you suffering?*' " About five and a half years ago [ met with an accident ; I was badly BC« ld ed while taking a bath in Pitt street, Syduey. Prom tho date of the accident my health began to fail, and after four years of gradual de velopment of Locomotor Ataxia I was forced to givo up my billet at tho Glebe Island." .' What wero the symptoms ?" '. Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were for all the world like as if a saw wera cutting my bones in two in every part, of me. I had no control over my bowols or bladder, and was a nuisance to tnysplf and everyone else. 1 was incessantly shivering and shaking, and ciuld neither ent nor sleep. I «aw a well-known docto', and he told roe that my case was utterly hope less. " I came home and wont to bed, and have bcon iu bed pretty well ever since. A few weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not got out of bed. I felt thon that it was all over with me, and only aquesliou of days when I would give up tho ghost. My doctor was attend ing me, and did all ho euuld, hy opium sud morphia pills, to ease tjir agony 1 was iu. I was under him for five or six weeks. Ho caine to thc conclusiou that I was suffering from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressiv* Locomotor Ataxy, a disease of tin Bpinal cord, characterised by peculiai disturbances of gait, aud difficulty ii: co- ordinating voluntary movements He told me that I might last for tee years, and that I might never got th< uso of my legs." (Just then tin patient kicked his legs about witl energy, to ~how that medical opinioi is not infallible.) " Well, just as f drowning man will grasp at a straw I grasped ot an idea conveyed by th« advertisement describing tho euri effected in the case of another bo 1er maker in England, which I read ii the AUSTRALIAN WORKMAN, bi Or Williams' Pink Pills for Pale Pooule I read in tho advertisement of a casi which seemed to fit my own. I deter mined to give Dr. Williams' Pin! Pills a trial anyway, and sont for i box. Tho effect was magical, I wa aide to eat and slaep ns though nothing was the matter with me. It was tin first appetite and rest I had fur mau] a day. lt was incredible. I imme diately left the bed and was able ti move about. When taking the fifil li'ix. I was able to walk about with th aid of n stick, and was gradually bu surely recovering my former vigoii and vitality. You see those crutcht there? They are perfectly new, am I have never used them. They wer made for me before I got the Pills but I was too weak to use them, am now 1 don't wwut thom." Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in ani taken the bahy on bur knoc-s, enid Di WÍIÜHIIIR' Pink Pills saved his lif and made another man of him. A friend who called iu ot thi poult said thaf. Jarvis looked ten year younger than he did a short tim bm-.k. "I can now," continued Jarvie " have a cold bath, and all the feoliu; has come back in ray legs. I expet shortly to renttmo work as a boilei maker, and you k.,ow I hive to De ii the vi ry pink of health and strengt' to work at that trade. I am bette to-day than I have been at any tim during tho past five yoar,*. I nseiib all the change aud benefit to thes Pink Pills. They havs saved nr life. I am in no pain now whatevet and feel like a new man. On th manilppiece there is u box of Opiut ami Morphia Pills which the docto gave me to deuden the excruciatin pain. But they can stay where the art-, for I no longer need them. Ever body who knows me lins been amaze nt tho chango in nie. They can bardi believe their eyes- My being abno again has caused quite a sensation ou here." WHAT MB. LABOR-LEADER M'GOWEN KNOWS. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowec, M.P., leads of the labour party in tho N.S.W Assembly, was also seen in couneetio with the remarkable case of Mi Thomas Jarvis. Ho says he ha known Jarvis from infancy. He als knew thit he had to give up his worl at triebe Island ahnttoirs owing to malady which he developed. He af tet words heard that Jarvis was bed ridden, and that there was littl chance of his recovevy. He under stood Jarvis was refused admission t thc Sydney Hospital, as his case ha« Ijwn pronounced incurable. Mt M'Goweu '.vas. therefore, like every one else who knew the facto, astoundci at the complete recovery of Jervis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pali People du not stop short at the curt of locomotor ataxia ; they positively cure rheumatism, sciatica, lumbago »ne neuralgia, and influenza's evi aftereffects,andere A specific for all diseases of women, jooh as nnorma, poor und watery blood, female irrpgu luritics, n^rvouR headache, uud hys Iteiia. They are not a purgative medicine, hut brace up and perman ently etri'iigtheu the whole system. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtain able from al! leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams Medicine Com pany, Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid), on receipt of Btnmps or post order, one bos for 2s 9d or half-dozen for 15s 3d. 