SUNDAY AT HOME. SERlYMORN Substance of a Sermon preached in Christ Church. Launceston, on Sundtlay morn ing, 23rd May, by Rev. \W. Law. (Re ported for the "Examiner."). "P'ray for the peace of Jlerus;alel; they shall prosper that love thee," etc.--I22 Psalm, vv. 6 to I inclusive. To the ancient Jews Jerusalem was at once the symbol of their national unity, and the centre of their religious worship. There were set thrones of judgment, the thrones of the house of David. However distant or different the tribes might be, they had one Icing at the outset, one body of laws, one supreme tribunal to which all might appeal. In the prosperous reigns of David and Solomon, the union of the varied tribes was a solid fact. Thither: also the tribes went up, the tribes of the Lord unto the testimony of Israel to give thanks unto the name of the Lord. It was the wish of every devout worshipper that his feet should stand within the gates of Jerusalem. There stood the temple; there were the priests clothed with righteousness; there -the sacrifices were offered, the songs of Zion chanted, the word cf God read and expounded, prayers of fered, and loving hearts filled with an exceeding gladness. In the times that are passing over us what Jerusalem was to the ancient Israelites that, ih some measure, is the city of London to us, to the varied tribes and nations and Christian churches that make il) the British Empire. It is the symbol of our national unity-the seat of sc preme legislation, the final court of aplpeal, the throbbing centre of our' national commerce: its heart-heat re gulates the finaances of the kingdom, and influences in a lesser degree all the nations of the e:urth. It is exceed ingly interesting to stand on the horse shoe pavenment in front of the Royal Exchange and witness the inrush of business men into the city froml the various suburbs. First come lie junior clerks, young and alert, with quick steps to reach their varied oflices at. the appointed hour. Tihen coime, after a brief interval, the chief clerks and heids of departments and conflitlentlill clerks, with keen eyes and ealger faces, some of whom will ie heard of in future yealrs. At a longer inttirvail comie lie city magnates, the mueirchaitt prince, he lage shiowners, Ihe lIse shli-owners, thlie suitcessfil l profes'sional mInn. itn many cases with large amplitude of person, with mnelslulred step and111(1 satis lied countenances, menl of great weal.ilt an1d atsnureld position; all(i biiusiness is at high Ipressure with all parts of th.: kingdom. Happily is the scripture truth placed on the front of the Eix clianuge, that all who r'tln may read- "The earth is the Lord's andt the ful ness thereof." Our colonial st;ti.esm-nl aind wealthy families who are ai ready in London or on their way there, to take part in the thanklsgiving unto l:e name of the Lord for the long and use ful reign of our noble Queen, when they meet together froml so malitny p:,rtl of the earth, will be visible repros' mt;: tives of our tintional unity, and as they enter St. Paul's Cathedral, v;ill s-o tl:e lirst. verse of this psalm in clear relief as it has stood for many gcnerations- "I was glad when they said unto tme, Let us go into the house of the Lord." In the gladness and the thanklcgiving we all shall join. As we tlink, too, of the many re ligious assemblies to be held in London during this Mtty month, and remember how many of the varied tribes of God's spiritual Israel w\ill meet together to present their annual reports of the work they have done to lpromote "Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace and goodwill to men," it serves to ennoble the metropolis of our nation, and to illustrate the true genius of the Christian religion. No fewer than one hundred and twenty societies, great and small, will give an account of their stewardship in the past and appeal for further help. Our great Bible, 'Temperance, Tract, and Missionary societies are one in purpose with other institutions and agencies that seek to supply all the slpiritual needs of men, to meet all their bodily ailments, all their physical sorrows. The twofold aspect of true Christianity is strongly in evidence as salvation for the soul and health for the body. The societies of various kinds are so nume rous that they have overflowed the month of May, and begin in April and go on to Jiune. In passing on to apply the truths of the text to our liresent gathering 1 shalll not tra\'el beyond scripture use. All Christian people of all chuirches have already "come to Mount Zion and unIto the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusalem, and to in innu merable company of angels, to the general assembly and chulch of the firlsthorn which are written in hlea\ven, and to God the judge of all, and to the spirits of just men made perfect, andi to Jesus the Mediator of the new cove nant, and to the blood of sprinklling that speaketh betterl things than that of Abel." Talking the first words of the text as expressing the spirit of the whole piassage, we have two things before us-a precept and a pro mise. I. A precept-Pray for the peace of Jerusalem, of Christ's true and holy Catholic Church. The precept before us obviously assumes that we are praying men and women-that it is a hlabit with us to ask God for daily bread; for the pardon of our sins; the renewal of our nature; the indwelling and sanctifying grace of the H-oly Spirlit, and the cheering hope of eter nal life in heaven. Am I right or wrong in believing that all now pre sent pray without ceasing, and that no one restlrains prayer before God? Let me urge upon all the right perform ance of this duty-the full use of the privilege of prayer. This being understood, we are to pray also for the peace of Jerusalem. The simplest and most comprehensive view of prayer is that which regards it as the offering up of our desires to Almighty God in the name of Jesus, Christ. It is not the repetition of anyi given formn of words-not the assump tion of any. prescribed posture. Our felt present wants, guided by the pre cepts of God's written word, and aided by the indwelling Spirit of grace and supplication, will lead us to pray rightly. The posture of the body may vary with circumstances. David prayed with his face upon the earth; Hezekiah prayed upon his bed; Nehemiah, stand lag in the presence of an earthly king, prayed unto the King of Heaven; Paul kneeled down and prayed with his friends. Prayer is not noise or physi cal excitement. Our God is not like I3aal, whose priests needed to call out aloud. Prayer is calm and quiet, yet intense in thought and desire. Prayer is penitence, the prodigal coming back to the father. Prayer is mighty, and one praying prophet was better de fence to ancient Israel than all its chariots and horsemen. Prayer is an aplpeal to a Father whose presence is around us as the air we breathe, and is never so beautiful as when we are praying for others. Pray for the peace of Jerusalem, and that in a twofold way: that it may have outward peace, be delivered from oppression and per secution. The history of the church has been marked by suffering. Isaiah, Jeremiah, Daniel, the Apostolic bro therhood, the early Christians, modern missions, have all contributed to the noble array of martyrs. Fines, im prisonment, confiscations, death, have marked their earthly pathway. It was well that we met recently to pray for the suffering Armenian Christians; it would have been better if all the Christian churches in the city had met together for this purpose. Many did meet, and the prayers offered for the suffering Christians and for the cessa tion of the war between Greece and 'Turkcey were not offered in vain. It is a great lnistake to think that perI'seCuI tion. always tends to the increase of the Church of Christ. It was when the chtlurches had rest. and were walking in the fear of God and the comfort of the Holy Ghost that they were multi plied. Again, we should 1pray for peace in the church, the peace and harmlolly of vigorous life and health; not the dlulll and stagnanit peice of a pesti ferous marsh, \'lhich exhailes noxious vapours; not tile cold pea)'ce of a dead body from which the living soul has delparted; but. a living lipeace where every man is diligently at work at his own self-culture, andt in doing good to others so that lie has ino time to find fault with his neiglhbours. Such a peace gives unity of purpose to a large body of diffr'ent workers. Unity im plies strength: a single cord can he easily broke1n: iaiiny woven together makie cable strong enough toi hohl a mighty ship at her moorings. Con tinued strength implies exertion. This is lhi !aw in the physical and slpiritual w.orld. If a man wishes to keep his st~lroengh he must use it. Continued ex ertlicn leads to success. The ancient heathen faitih was righ.t thatI the godsn tonied lnothing to well-directed dilli gelne. '"'lThe 'l'imes" newspaper asserts Ithud. s 'cce('F; his cleally decln iled itself on the side of diligence anil perse ve ranie(. We shoIul ev'er renlmemberl 1hat (Christ illnm into the worldi to 'dromote pci:e and good-will amonigsi moen; that he left peace as :a legacy to hih church: that we are to study the things which make for peace, and things wherewitlli one nmay edify another: tiht blessed are Ihe peace mnlkers. for they shall be called the c'hil'tlrnt of G lod; that it. is our hnouhnil n duty io keep the unilty of the spirit in the bond of pi(-ace; from all of whlich it is clear that our prayers and works mUst move in p1arallel lines in order to ensure their acelptance by God. Two thingis would greatly help in the pro motion of peace in olr' fain iies, churches, and communities. First., to consider wt heher our manifold dislputes he simply about words ianl phrases, or ihe facts themeselves. We often mean the same truths, and our only differ ences are words. 'Then, secondly, if a difference be foiund to exist, is it worlth while to quari l about it, iand suffer iL to grow into ill will and resent ment? WVhereunto we have attained let us walk by the same rule and mind the same thing. II. There is, secondly, a promise: 'They shall prosper that love thee." The true Christian loves the church even as the patriotic Jew loved his coulntry, and is quite as ready to say '"If I forget thee, 0 Jerusalem, let my r'ight hand forget her cunning." Next: to the love of Christ in our hearts should bIe our love to his clhurch. Christ loved the church, and gave him self for it; and the Apostle who exemplified his own statement declares that we ought if required to lay down our lives for the brethren. To an intelligent Christian mind the church of the living God, as embracing all who love and follow the teachings of the Saviour in all the different denomina lions, represents the wisdom, the love, the power, and the grace of God. It is the monument which hlie is building to his own eternal glory. It exists to show forth his nature,. to proil'mote the mutual edification of its memlei's; to associate in missionary efforts to prleach the Gospel to every creature. A Christian loves the church for Christ's snake, and because lihe has received throughl its agency many spiritual blessings. Its schools :and ministry, its worship und1 friend ships ihave been to him sources of guidance tand ilessing. Ther'e he lhas found guidance in Iperplexity, light in darklness, joy in, sorrow: for his brethren and companions' sakles lie will now say peace bie within thy walls and prosperity within thy palaces. T'hus loving the gates of Zion our souls shall have iirosperity. They shall grow in grace and wisdom. It is important to note that what we are to churches and ministers that churches and ministers are to us. A bad hearer makles a bad minister; a bad church member makes a bad church. A man not at peace with himself can never be at pIeace with others. Nothing is more easy than to transfer in imagi nation the defects of ouri own souls to other people.. We cannot rise above our own level. It is said of Napoleon the GCr;eat that if he wanted to secure the services of a man he first offered him gold; if that failed, he offered him glory; if both failed, he turned away with unaffected surprise. Living as he did himself for glory, and believing that most other men lived for gold, he could not understand the existence of nobler ideas. So there are many who do not prosper in their own souls be cause they do not come with a full hearted, prayerful sympathy to the services of the church. A man shall prosper in his spiritual workl and undertakings if begun and continued in the spirit of love and prayer. Love will ensure the work being done in the best possible way. "It is the heart, not the head, that to the highest doth attain;" and prayer will bring down the effectual blessing of God upon our wise endeavours. Love and prayer are the open secrets of all successful Christian work. Let us all decide that, henceforth we will pray for the peace of Jerusalem. and so ensure the prosperity of our own spiritual life. tt uut ril.utlns Io dly thi-0 h50 .lih g :L " ill;ltlId frm hions beinm that they shall t.:nd to s.. llttlte l'rnctical spiritual life, be free from cout.roverial topics, and not excmeea n colhm.n in Ilcuth.. 