A WONDERFUL WOMAN; OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY SY MRS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XXVT.-(Continued.) On tShe morning following on the dis covery made. ny cvaptain O'Donnell of the tell-tale scar on Miss 'lerinceastle's templle, that gallant oilicer took his way through the town of Castlefimxli to the pleasant cottage adjoining the church yard therein Katherine Dangertield six years ago had died. A famuily named Wils,n resided in the cottage at presen t-that mulch ihe hal ascertained at his inn. They had taktn! possession" the vdryiwt'ek t lwhich 1tMr Otis had left. and had tIen there evetr since.- Mrs WVilson. a isvy litll ma tron. als\ered the door 'in er'Sionn. and -ushered her military v'isitor' at once ,tn tohe parlor.Captain O'Donncll's busi ness with Mrs Wilson was very simple. Hie understood that the servant 'omnian who had lived in the family of ,fr Otis six years ago was niow in t lhe service of Mrs Wilson. Could he see her ia mo ment or t\wo ill private? The little mistress of the cottage open ed two bright brown eyes in surprise.. but answered readily in. the affir mas.tive. He ient Dorcas, of colurse D)orles had come to her witbh the house, and Dorcas -ins '"nthe kitehen at pre sent. and would: wairt.upon the gentle man at once. l-ris -Wilson st'eal'id Dbrc?s came a stout, eldeirly'itsoiinia '-itli an intellin - gent face.:.-...., " wish:u:iai.ottan-a few particulars concerninig theSuidde ideathi of. ayioun lady in thjis ýhouse s ixyea'rs ago,"the ehasseurli"eb"g ,`plun'ign intog .thesub: ject at' once ?"'i oniemhbegher. of course? 1He name W? asIatherine Dan? gerfield." - - Yes. DoteC en emberd per ectlyo well-rememb?t-d thilough it were hut yesterday. She ha'i?come tothe cottage late in the ev;einga- cold. d ?ark iinter evening it r'ansto 'see .the sidck yong man, Mr Dactti'ee, AMi Otis 'himself had let her in.' The next atingi slie heard, half an hour lateir iwat-:Mrs r Otis scrihtm had rushed in... "iis Dangerflelid las. lying'then oli the ?of:;haite 'and still, and Dr Graves .said 'lie'vas dead "You saw? heridead"::' " res, poor dea' - and's beautiful corpse she made-calm:and wh ite. and peaceful, and',lolmiiii oni e? as though she were asleep thlin dead."; " "How long nwas shlie kl t -here before she was buried '' tli soldier'asked. "'Only three days.' sir:;h d she looked lovely to the last: -I :remember her well. lying in. her coffini ?with flowers all round her like m'aibl?'-or,?wa??-ork,. and missis 1a-crying, over .her 'iand m'aster with a face like h'ite-stone." ' "Humph!" Captaln . 'Dronnell said. knitting his brows. :Katherine Dangerfield hlid died, then, and Miss iTerncastle had nothing what ever to do with. hei in spite of all the estounding coincidences. "One question more,. my good woman. 'How long after the funeral was it that lI.." Otis left this place for London?" "About a month, sir-yes, just a "'nmonitli! i?,° th nk -theiy. :would- iatve .gon e sooner. but for the unexpected arrival of his cousin. the sick young lady from Essex." Captain O'Donnell had risen to go. At these last w-ords he suddenly sat down again. 'The sick young lady from Essex? Ali, I think this may be what I want to hear! T'hen did you -say the sick young lady came?" "On the very identical night of the funeral, sir, and most unexpected. I had gone to bed, and missis, she came to my room next morning eifore'I was up., all white and-,in a tremble, aind says to me, 'Dorcas. get up at ondce, and heat water for a bath;' and then she sat down in a chair,-,-looking .fit to drop. "I asked her if any one was ill, and she said yes, a young, lady who 'had come in the night, . n-iece of hers from Essex, fid she was going, to stopwi-th them a few days. Sie begged me to keep it a so cret The young lady was weak-like in her intellect, and they would be obliged to confine her to her room.I promised not to s'ieak of it, for miss!, she looked trembling and -frightened to death al nodst. And so she was all the time the Strange young lady was in the house." "How.loig was that?r" "Not quite a fortnight, sir; and a -sighi of bother: she 'made --all her meals took up to. her room, and missis a-trotting:nup and down: all day long a-waiting upon .her herself." "What was' slite' like-this young lady?" "That I couldn't tell, sits. I never laid eyes on het, leastswsist,? except once. Mtaster and missis., kept ?'aiting on her all day long, and miissis she slept with her in- the same room at night." "But you saw lier once." "Yes, sir:, but I didn't see her face. She never stirred ourt all day long, and at night I used to -.ear sounds of foot steps and doors softly opening and shut 'ting. One night I watched, and I hear]t the house-door shut.softly, and directly after I spies master walking in the back garden with a lady on his arm. It was a cloudy sort of night,.nd I couldn't see her very plainly-I couldn't see her face at all. She was tall, and dressed in dark cl?~hes, and- lut this was only a notion of mine--if Miss Dangerfeldt hadn't been dead and buried I should has'e said the height and the figure were like hers." The blood riose dark and ret over the sun-lirowned face of the African soldier. For an instant his bireath seemed fairly taken away. "WVell?" he taid. in a tense sort of whisper. "Well, sir," she continue'd, "the ery nest night after that tbhe sick young lady ran a-way. I don't know sihether they had been keeping her against he:' will or not, libut in the dead of the night she ran. - away. aMiss Otis never came back, and a fortnight after master and mistress 'went up to London themselves for good. taking She sle. gentleman with them. That's all, sir." It was quite enough. Captain O'Don nell rose again; his grave face had re sumed its habitual calmness; he had 'heard all he wanted- more than he ex pected. Ie pressed half a sovereign into Dorcas's willing palm, bade MIrs .Wilson good morning, and departed. As the result of that in?er'iewn- Cap tain O'Donnell paid a brief visit to Lon 'lon, being absent from Castleford but a couple of days. On his return he was -accompanied by a somewhat odd-look ing individual, who was known by the flame of Joggins. At the railway-' sta tion, however, the chasseur parted from the stranger and went to his hotel, the Silver Rose. SThe same night was a memorable one. 'At 11 the inn was closed up for the night; there were but few guests, and these few kept primitive hours. At a quarter past 11 not a light was to be seen. O'IDonnell sat at his window, looking out at the dim starlight, smok fng and waiting. At half-past 11 he saw his servant Lanty stride across the inn yard and disappear in the shadow of the larches. Almost immediately the -daptain made his way softly out of tilhe room, down the stairs, and through the door which his servant previously had noiselessly unbolted. Not a. creature Has to be seen-the whole town seemed 535 to be still and dark as O'Donnell walk ed swiftly towards the churchyard. Lanty, the servant, was already wail ing not far froji the inn; upright as a ramnrod. silent as a tomb, and giving his colmpanion, who was none other than the manl Joggins. a wide berth. The latter, with a sack over his shoulders, conitaiining spade and pick and instru len-its for opening coflins. spokle as the captain drew near: ]Here we are. sir-up to time. and not a minute to be lost. Lead the way. and we. follers, and gets to business at once." iKeeing all in the shade of hedges and wayside trees. 'with ain unlimtolllf-etable feeling. il spite of his Coellsriotujness of duty. illat tllis n ITight' \wik was an un irhatnd thing. the chasseur leI the \v::. On,, 1bel:ited peldestriano . ioie doc tr. li rled athet even fro D tnhe-. hlils wamled iso ralidly that t. hi were ill tie-( chlori Lar ibefllore thie Castlek folrd steples tolled 12. titeond O'Donnell strdth eadfastly alThis isetween hrae. roi. tsaid, c, tle " ely loaths. Until, under its solitary tee he epaused at Katherine Daiger lieldl' trdb. I-eis n his e set. illso eyes stern-forl good or ill he. wol ld kiout the truth soon.a "This isi the grave," hed said, curtly. "o to n work lll keep .wtch. ll The resurrectionist- for that was his thei wfl tra.de-opienedi his bag. produced his shovels. gave one into ithe reluctanti hands of Lanty.,and set to work with professional rapidity-aind dexterity. The two men wsorkled ,vwith t will until the persph'latioin, stood in great beads on their faces. '-0 DDofi?fl. had lbrought a bbrandy flask, .and gave them copious libationsN.;::No sound but the subdued noise of 'the shovelliiig clay - nothing liviing ordeatd to lie seen. O'Donneil Soked .with' Liieiinthere was no need .f bwatcihni-ant at last, far below, in the'f ianttli-iht of. thestares, the coffin lay ':The -men',lay. o their spades, wiped their faces, and a drew a long bireath. Then the tesur6lectionist and Lanty rais eit the coffin between them-the damp ci -:i lingtg'to it making it weighty a'iid placed it at Redmfond O'Donnell's feet:.' At last he drew one long, hard. tense breath, his eyes gleamed. "Open it.".he said, in a composed sort of voice. and% r Joggins produced his screwdriver, and set to work once more. The screws. one.by one, were removed; the: lot lay in tlhe 'palm of Joggiris's hand-nothing remained but to lift the lid and see eithlr the moullering re mniins of Katherine Dangerfield or He made a sign, Joggins raised it, all three bent forward to look. - There was a simultaneous exclamation from all as theylbent again to reassure themselves. The late- rising moon which had been 'struggling through the mists of comning morning, shone suddenly for a moment full upon the ghastly object before them, and lit it brightly up. They saw what Redmond O'Donnell had expected to see-an empty coffin! All doubts now, so far as O'Donnell was concerned, were at an end - the Katherine Dangerfield of tile past and the Helen HFerneastle of the present were one :ind the samne. He knew as well as he ever knew after, the whole truth the whole strange story. It had not been death, that trance which had held her. but one of those mystic torpors, so closely resembling its twin- sister, death, as to deceive Dr Graves. But the eyes of-lve are- ot easily.blinded; Henry Otis had guessed from the first,no doufbt, what it was. Why he had not spoken-w-ihy he had let the matter go so far as .o permit her to be buried, rather staggered the chas seur. Was it that by saving her from the horrible fate of being buried alive he wished to forge a claim upon her gratitude and love? If so. he had cer tainly failed, or by this time she would have been his wife. And that same night-aided. no doubt-he had reopened the grave and taken the still inanimate form from its dreadful resting-place. Then had come her flight-her exile to America-her theatrical success. Her object in this had probably been to make money to carry out her plans, and she had made it. She had returned had worked her way into the family of Sir Peter Dangerfield-and for the past six weeks played Iher role of nursery go verness. But where was her revenge? Wliat had she gained?-what had she accomplished beyond playing the ghost and frightening- the little baronet near ly out of his senses? CHAPTER XXVII.-THE LAST LINK Miss Herneastle meanwhile had quar relled with Lady Dangerfield. and on the evening of O'Donnell's discovery had departed from Scarswood, "in a fit of temper," so my lady said. A week later the late parliamentary train, rushing into the Castleford sta tion some time after nine in the even ing. brought among-' its passengers a little woman, dressed in black silk, wearing a Paisley shawl and a close black veil. The black silk was shabby. the Paisley shawl bore marks of age and wear, the little straw bonnet was last season's shape, and two words accurate ly describe the little voman tripping along' the station-shabby-genteel. She entered, the ladies' waiting- roonm, her veil still over her face, leaving no feature discernible save the hard, bright glitter of the black eyes. She glanced round with a half-eager, half-fright ened air, but no creature was visible save herself. She stood in the middle of the room irresolute, went forwards, came back, stood still again undecided. She drew from the bosom of her dress a letter, and looked at the envelope and superscription. It was post-marked Castleford, and addressed, "Madame Harriet Vavasor, Rue de ---, Paris," in a large, masculine hand. Yes. the late traveller was none other than the reader's old acquaintance, Mrs Vavasor-not the prosperous Mrs Vava sor of six years back, however, for po verty had overtaken her. Expensive living in Paris and the gaminig tables at Baden-Baden had swallowed up her ill gotten twenty thousand pounds. and she had been almost penniless. She opened the letter, and read for the hundredth time its contents: "Harriet,-I am in England once more-in Castleford-on a vist to Lord Ruysland. My wife is dead out in Que bec. After infinite trouble I have dis covered your address. Harriet, I know all-the miserable story of my dead sis ter's plotting that separated us flve d,-twenty ye.,.ars go~ If the memory of that time has not wholly died-if you are free, as I am-come to Castleford and meet me. I enclose a billet de banque in case you should need it. Do not ask for me-let no one suspect or frustrate us this time. We will meet in secret. On the night of the 2nd of Au gust. at 10 o'clock, I will be in waiting at the house known as Bracken Hollow. You know it, beyond doubt. When we meet I will explain everything - the cause of this secrecy, why I have se lected that particular spot, how I dis covered your identity with the Mrs Va vasor who six years ago visited Sir John Dangerfield. Only come. I long for you.as ardently as I did five-and twenty years ago. You would not have failed me then-do not fail me now. "LIONEL CARDONNELL." She read this singular epistle over word for word, then folded it and re placed it in her dress. The station clock struck sharply the quarter past. nine. It aroused her. There was no time-to spare. She walk ed resolutely out of the waiting-room; A fly stood near; she beckoned to the driver to approach. "You know Bracken Hollow? I want to go there. I will pay you now; ho.w much?" Thle lyman named his price. She counted it into his palm, 'and took her seat. In a moment they were rattling through Castleford High street on their way. She looked about her. How f:uni li:r it all was-the shops she knew so well, the Silver Rose, where she had stopped. the cottage of Henry Otis, and (she shuddered as she looked at it) the lonely churchyard, with its lonely grave. Poor Kalherine Dangeriield! And Gas t.ml Dantree-what had become of him? They left the town behind, and took tile quiet lane leadingtoBrackenHollow.The night was close, dark, moonless, starless; the trees loomed up black onevery hand: IIn' living 'things was to be seen. She shivered in the still warmth of the night. and wrapped her shawl closer around her luntil the driver suddenly stopped. "This is Bracken Hollow." he said. He helped her to descend, then re mounted. turned his horse, and went joltinsgback towards the town. Bracken Hollow: TWhy, she murmur ed-why, of all the lonesome places on earth, had he chosen this? SShe reached the gate and opened it. The house loomed up. dark and silent amid its f uneral trees. The door was flung wide at the knock. Almost before she could realise it she was in the house. and led into a lighted room; the door was closed behind her. locked, ansd barred. An old woman stood before her. At her she did not look. Trembling from head to foat, she. turned to a man who was standing bes;de her. His coat col lar was turned up, his slouched hat pull ed- down: but hidden as his face was she knew in ,n instant it was not the-man slie had come to meet "Who is it?" she said in a sort of whis per, her black eyes gleaming fearfully throlugh her veil. He turned down his collar, took off his hai. and showed the pale set face of I enry Otis. "You recognise me, irs Vavasor? Yes, I see you do. It is many years since we met. but your memory is good. I know of old. Will you not put up your veil and let us see you? Further disguise is un necessary." She obeyed him. She flung back the veil and showed a face, aged, sallow. pallid with fear- alLtrace of beauty gone -nothing of it remaining but the wild black eyes. "Mr Otis." she gasped, "why have you done this?" "To make you tell the truth at last," he answered. "There is but one way of dealing with such Women as you and that is the dark way of deceit. Yes, I wrote you that letter signed Lionel Cardonnell. I knew that poetic idyl of your youth, you see : and it has succeeded better even than I hoped. You have no idea what a task it was to hunt you up, and then hit on a scheme to fetch you here: but I have done both. If you had not come to me, I should have gone to you. Take a seat-you look fatigued." She sank into the seat, her eyes fixed fearfully upon him, her very 'lips trem bling. Years ind dissipation had told upon Mrs Vavasor's strong nerves. " Why have you brought me to this place?" she asked. "About' the children you changed at nurse years ago. The time has come for the truth to be made known. You gave your daughter to the Earl of Ruysland, anrad-yo kept his . .Hawnwill you answer to heaven and man for that?" "What do you know?" she asked, sul lenly. "Enough to send you to Newgate. That when Lord Ruysland came to your cottage to claim his child a year after its mother's death, you gave him yours and kept his. You kept the infant Lady Cecil Clive, and gave the Earl of Ruys land John Harman's daughter. John Harman's daughter lives in luxury at Searswood Park to-night, and Lady Cecil Clive, the real Lady Cecil is-where, Mrs Harman? The law of England would force your story from you if I gave you over to it. I choose, however, to take the law in my own hands. Out of this house you never go alive until you have con fessed." She listened to him, her face settling sullen and dark. "I'll never confess!" she exclaimed. "Let me go. or I'11--" Wshat Mrs Vavasor meant to do Henry Otis was never destined to hear. The words seemed to freeze upon her lips her face slowly blanched to the ashen hue of death-her eyes dilated with some great horror,. Henry Otis followed her glance. Old Hannah ha.d quitted the room un observed some seconds before, leaving the door ajar. Through this door, with out sound of any kind, a figure had glided. It stood now just within the doorway, perfectly still, its eyes fixed on vacancy. It wore a dress of some white summ(ery stuff, its long. loose hair fell over its shoulders, its face was perfectly white, its eyes cold and fixed, its arms hung loose by its side So, as in years past she had a hundred times seen Katlerine Dangerfield living, she saw her once more to-night, dead. " Look," she whispered, in an awful voice-"look!" "Look where?" Henry Otis' repeated, stoically. "I don't see anything." "At the door!"-still in the same awful whisper. "See-it is- Katherine Danger field! Look!" She turned her eyes slowly upon him for an instant; then they moved back, as if beyond all control of hers, to the door. Tlie spectre had vanished. And Mrs Va vasor, witih a gasping cry, fell down fainting in a heap. tHannah re-entered the room as lMirs \Vavasor's black eyes opened to the light. She started up--memory returning with consciousness-and grasped the arm of Henry Otis. "Has she gone?" Her eyes went wildly to the door. "Yes, I tell you I saw her Katlherine-as plainly as I ever saw her in my life. Mr Otis, for Heaven's sake, take me away-don't leave me, or I shall go raving mad." "I shall take you away, and I shall not leave you a moment alone, if you will speak the truth." She cowered down into her chair, her face hidden in her hands, and in a gasp ing sort of whisper told her story, which Mr Otis wrote down. (To be Continued.) Two gangs of workmen have Just been encavating in Colorado the largest tunnel which man ever attempted to construct. The main bore will be twenty miles long, and connected with this are subsidiary tunnels, with a total length of thirty miles. The starting point of the main tunnel is at the foot of the mountains leading up to Pike's Peak, near the old town of Colorado City. The further end of the tunnel is at the edge of the mountains at Four-mile Creek, in Freemont County, Col., six miles south of Cripple Creek, and near the little town of Sunol. Two gangs of men are, it is stated, working on the tunnel, one at each end, making progress at the rate of thirty feet a day. It is believed that the mam moth task they have undertaken will be completed in seven years. The main tun nel-will pass directly under the cone of Pike's Peak at a depth of nearly 7000 *feet, and 2700 feet beneath the town of Victor.. Its average depth from the sur face will be 2800 feet, and it Is designed to test the mineral deposits of the terri tory at these great depths. SThe estimate cost (L4,104,000):of exca vating this tunnel will, It is believid, be met by the.value of the ore extracted. 