t h i n g s . (By Atticds. ) You can do almost anything in New Zealand, if you do it in the name of the people, of the glorious democracy ruled over by ex-publican Seddon. Even a J, G. Ward is honored in that advanced but nearly bankrupt colony. So when we read of a Parliamentary motion declaring it " undesirable that Ministers should hold positions ap directors of or advisers to syndicates or cnnuwnYV' I can only wonder what exir or inary things have been done 10 impel a member of Parliaj" n nt o; 1 !.a land of legislative scounin , to: ,iuh a desperate expedient. ' 1 !. .MHitu Seddon should declare e<.',(ed the motion as a vote of \\. .. of incidence is merely another o^is-cnce of lis buccaneer boldness; but io what' awful lengths the nefarious of government influence exerted on behalf of companies and rings must have been carried in his colony when we find tla on a division the Seddon Ministry nearly wrecked themselves over it, escaping that peril by five votes only, the numbers being for the motion 30, against it 35. If we take the Salisbury Government we shall find that not one holder of a seat at the council table, either with or without a portfolio, is on a board of either a mining or an industrial company. There is one who is chairman of an old-established life insurance company, and one or two who are on the boards of old banking companies. Even those positions are objected to by some of the leading financial journals, harmless as they are. But the journals declare that a door is left ajar for abuses to creep in. One of them, the Investors' Review." some time since pub'ished a list of the positions held on boards by the Gladstone and Salisbury Cabinets respectively, and the former held about three times as many as the latter. As it seemed that public opinion was moving in a direction antagonistic to any Minister holding offices in companies of any kind, they gradually dissociated themselves from them, and I think 1 am right in saying that, with the exception of the cases mentioned (and they may not exist now), not one member of the present English Ministry lias any business connection with boards of any sort. • Even in the Eastern Colonies, where purity of Government exists but in name, Ministers are simply afraid of the consequences of challenging public opinion, and carefully avoid the danger, particularly as regards mining companies. When a public statement therefore is made in the lower pow-wow Cham ber of this ring-ridden colony that a Minister, and that one the Minister of Mines, is o;. the directorate of an "ore smelting company,' it may be that Sir John Forrest will not think the time amiss to commence to set his house in some respectable order. Of course the cool cynicism of the reply that the Minister of Mines was a director of the company in question may have been dictated by the pleasant consciousness of a safe Government mtjority whatever happens. On the other hand, and knowing the business innocence of the Forrest Cabinet, it may have been evoked because it doesn't see any harm in it. It is not to be assumed for one moment that, while some mining companies may deem it wiser to continue shipping ores for treatment to other colonies instead of sending them to the proposed local establishment,, it would engender any prejudice against them in the mind of the Mines Minister in the event of their desiring his good offices or his sympathy, but remembering how the machinery at the disposal of the Government was lately utilised for stamping out the Frozen Meat Company's transhipments in bond, it is best that not even a suspicion of abuse of power should'rest on any of the colleagues of Sir John. It is public property that the Collie coalfields, to which a railway will be completed about the first quarter next year, are at present lying dead, because of the undue toleration extended towards the lessees of large areas there. A public meeting was recently held at Bunbury on the matter, because it is seen that the coal railway will be * opened for traffic and there will be no coal to carry. For nearly two years, exemption after exemption has been granted, and there does not seem even an approach to a commencement of active operations. The coal lands are locked up, the labor covenants of the leases are openly flouted* and it is common talk that the Minister of Mines has identified himself with at least one company so closely as to lead to the suspicion that directly or indirectly he is interested in it. I should be sorry to think this, and I do not believe it, but when I see that owing to his hesitation to enforce the labor conditions of these mineral areas, a large' lie expenditure ; has Keen, incurred over, a supposedly reproductive work, and that at present there seems nolikelihood of any immediate pecuniary return from the railway, his action is open to grave misconception. Of course, it might be urged in defence of this action that the clearest proof of his innocence is that he does not attempt to enforce the labor covenants of any of the Collie leases, and this was just the view I took, but my argument had no weight when answered in this sort of fashion. Don't you see—if he enforces it in one instance, he must do it in all, his (supposed) own company included . In any case the scandal, which in all probability has no foundation in fact, is growing, and whatever the political views of this paper are with regard to the Ministry, there is no doubt of the bona-fides of the head of it. As the head, so should be the body and tail. It may therefore be worth the Premier's while to consider the suggestion—even from this uninfiuential quarter—to set his Cabinet in order, and to allow no Minister of Mines to be connected with a mining or cognate company. Blooster Plane has commenced his Bunbury crusade against- Sunday trading—in other words, he intends, in the interests of "peace and goodwill," to see that a man shall not have his Sunday beer if he (this dear old Christian) can stop it. So he has asked the Right Hon. to name a date during his forthcoming visit to receive a momter deputation on the subject. A monster deputation at Bunbury!!! is the dear old doxologist writing from London I wonder ? I fancy he has made an orthographical mistake ; he meant to write monstrous deputation. I know, Sir John, you must go down, but take my advice: get the maiden lady to wire her resident ambassador that you are suffering from typhoid—or scarlatina, if you think it more deadly. Then let her send a second despatch saying that duty is with you the first consideration and that you are rising from your sick bed to meet Plane and the whole rollicking crowd. Then go down. They'll either quarantine you (which would be a lucky get-off) or else they wouldn't be there. I know 'em, Sir John. A thipd suggestion is : Get typhoid; between Plane and typhoid choose the latter—it's preferable. The following, clipped from a Perth paper, was sent to me from Bunbury. "Lady-Help wanted, must be a,lady " by birth aud education and fond of " children, references given andrequird. "Apply Mrs. Dues, Bunbury." There are coarse-minded people who would say Mrs. Duce wants too much. For instance, Lady Clara Verede Vere, could hardly be expected to leave her •. Belgravian Mansion 011 a mission of this kind, important though it be, ; and although she might be expected ill her capacity as help, to open the tinned peas, und cut up the frozen mutton, which are in such general use in Banbury, she wouldn't like chopping wood, because we all know when a lady does this how truly scientific she is with the American axe. On the other 'hand, the common or garden Belinda, not biing a Montmorency, most likely not even a Girton girl, perhaps cursed with ' a low inclination to'bash children, wouldn't suit. Of course Mrs. Duce is the happy'mid lofty possessor of unquestionable references or she would not be so emphatic on the question of an exchange of these.' But, even supposing she was able to prove lineal descent from the. Duchess of Pampeluna, she doesn't even hint at £500 a year—wagr-no I mean . honorarium. I think this is the wrong province. If th.e firewood remains uncut, atid the children are not "taken out," till this ideal " Lady Help" comes along,, Mrs. Duce will be in a doose of a fix. . The Maideh Lady's Coolgaidie Ambassador sends the following .— v- " The Mayoress, Mrs. A. G. Jenkins, " fcave a reception on Saturday after- "noon. The function was a great snc;- "oess, being largely attended." • " As though we didn't know.' Why a ' Mayor's' reception at, " Tearenmp" would be a success, let alone the principal inland town of the colony. We are fine democrats in the colonics but we are more magnificent " tuft hunters," aud besides there must have been " light refreshments,' so much venerated, in W.A. The ambassador should have simply wired, "Mayoress, reception" The pressmen journalist of the !Sub- Editoriul Staff of the M.L.P. would have imagined the success, have done the rest and so saved the expense of aJditional words. A gentleman, entitled by law to thatappellation, although he is only an inspector for an insurance company, E. Paget Thurstan, M.D., has been writing to the M.L.P. in connection with the food duties. He has latety returned from a tour of the S.W. district, passing the capital of the colony en route. I quote portions of his letter anent the condition of the Boer farmers in one of the richest agricultural districts of the colony. So rich indeed, that a railway is built and a harbor is being constructed in anticipation of the huge traffic in produce that is to spring up, one of' these days. Mr. Thurston says: " The part travelled included the Pres- "tou, Ferguson, Blackwood, and " Aithur Rivers, embracing some of the "choicest agricultural land in the " colony. I must bear witness to the " fact that some of the Boil is quite first "class. Op the Preston is land which "has actually experimentally produced "successfully such exhausting aud deli- "cate crops as sugar-cane aud tobacco. "One young selector told me that if he " had been paid for his labor, it would "have cost over £30 an acre to have "cleared his land (blackbutt country) " ready for the crop. Now, the choicest "agricultural land in - the mother • "country is not worth that. It is " true most of us could more easily find " thirty pounds' worth of labor for an "acre of land than £30 in cash; but if " the working man in the towns would " do as long hours as the young fellows "do, and live on 6uch poor diet, lie " would grow rich or die in the attempt. " Doubtless, many of these selectors " Will, for it takes a strong man to do " 12 hours a day on such food. In the "the smaller houses the meals rarely . " include fresh milk or butter, or pota- " toes—simply meat, dry bread ordam- " per and milkless tea. I paid 2s. a " stone (famine prices) for potatoes be- " tweeu Donnybrook and Bridgetown, "and ltuthe same distiicts the landlord "ofauinn wished to charge over 10s. " a bushel for oats. Between Bridge- " town and Wugiu it was impossible to " buy either chaff or oats at any price. " . . . . In a drive of 250 miles I " do not think I saw as many cattle. . . . . The small num'er of " sheep . and stock kept by the squatters •',' " speaks badly for the country. . . . "Isawafew Jbealthy-looking.fruit trees "in most places, but nothing on any *• scale. ' Al6o a few vines, but no big , " vineyards. -Iu one place I tasted pass- "able home-made wine for the first "time. Sir John Forrest lately declared that, a large part of the socalled food duties is derived from the "excessive amount spent on drink. I "agree with him that the sum ex- " pended is • excessive ; but there is a "significant difference between the "amount spent -on drink aud the "amount drunk. You will get as "decenta wine for 7s. 6d. a dozen in "London as you will get anywhere in ';• " Western Australia for quadruple the "araouut. When swipes here are at " the jjiricfe of vintage wines elsewhere, "we may justly be accused of spending "too much on them, but hardly of taking " too muoh. In the same way oranges "can be be purchased in England for " one-fourth the price, and apples for " one-sixth the price of what they cost "here. Can the farmers long hope to " obtain for their produce four to six " times as much as they would (get . "pisewhere? The disparity is mam- " tained at present artifieially. But "what is the result? All the money " that is coming out of our goldfields is "benefitting the other colonies instead "of Western Australia. The moment " a man has made enough to live upon, " he goes elsewhere to spend it, because "his money will go so much further, " while here reigns dearneBs, discomfort "and disease." Dr. Thurstan is necessarily in Boer -opinion, a liar, because he writes this. But as everyone except the Boers themselves knows that he gives in this one picture an accurate representation of the actual condition of every agricultural district of the colony, it follows that the recent £17,000 and other sums laid out and to be laid out under the infamous " Land Purchase Act" is simply being wasted, and that not one penny of it will ever get back again into the Treasury in any shape or form, directly or indirectly. Makes •one's blood boil. The Queensland Government is bringing in an "Agricultural Lands Purchase Bill." It is proposed that £200,000 per annum bhall be expended in resuming estates. The purpose is howe\ er diametrically the reverse of the purpose of the Boer Government of W.A in connection with their Bill. Here, the desire is to resume estates and locate on them " resident yeomen." In Bananaland, •only persons outside the colony are to be allowed to select. The Queensland labor party oppose the Bill. This goes without saying. When they have command of things there, they will oppose any one not belonging to the labor party going to heaven. Not that they would take up the land themselves. Ob, dear no. They won't touch anything with even a suspicion of labor in it. There is something wrong about the machinery for our Mint, that is to say it is unsuitable for our peculiar requirements although just the thing for London. So the Maiden Lady makes haste to absolve our Boer Government from any blame by saying in one of her issues last week— "It should be Baid that the Forrest " Government IB not responsible in any " degree for the fitting up of its Mint, '' except from the financial point of "view." Certainly not. If any mistake occurs or blunder is committed, in the colony governed so ably by the Maiden Lady through her Ministers, some undersecretary or professional officer has the blame fixed on him. If any great triumph is achieved by the same under-secretary or professional officer, they are not heard of, the credit is given to the maiden lady and her Forrest Government. This is as it should be. Heads I win, tails you lose, is the simple plan of government in this Boerland. So it just says:—"Have you got such a thing as a Mint you can let us have." Not a word as to the kind of Mint; a short or broad, or thick or narrow Mint. One suitable for a cold or subtropical climate. Just a Mint. London sends one. It's found to be no good for this climate, but in every way suitable for Loudon. When the mistake is found out the Forrest Government is not to blame. You would kill the Maiden Lady if you even hinted that the Government she keeps in power oould do wrong. It would abolish her dogma of the infallibility of anything she keeps going. As soon as the horrible and expeuBive blunder of wrong machinery was discovered the dear old soul hastened to have a leader written, in which, to her own satisfaction, she fixed the whole blame on the Mint officials in London. The Trades' and Labor Council passed a resolution last week expressing approval of Gregory M.P's, notice of motion, favoring "payment of members." You bet they approve. As soon as that day arrives every member of that Council who can beg, borrow, or steal the ghost of a show is going to run for Parliament. No more sawing or planing then, no more laying bricks, no more rivetting boots, no longer sticking plaster on walls, never more dabbing paint on doors and windows and around skirting boards—in short, no more d d work between meals. Let the ordinary members, the rank and file of the unions do that if they are such asses As for us, the Executive, why, " Payment of members," my boy. Dear unselfish chaps; 1 love you all so much I could eat you, and sorry I haven't got ihe chance. "Support the resolution! ! !" Why, what else would they do t I suppose you read what the dirty creatures did at the " back gate of the colony,' Albany, in connection with the man Potts, who pulls teeth for a living, cheaper, better, and a thousand times quicker than the local professional Rip Van Winkles. A woman came out of the place Potts worked at and was accosted by a man who said he was suffering from toothache and asked whether Potts was a good or bad dentist. When the woman, in sympathy for the poor sufferer, was led on to tell him she had had teeth drawn by Potts, she found out the blackguard was a constable in disguise. Much in the same way as the dirtier members of the " foorce " egg on publicans to serve them with drink after hours, and then summon them, so this dirtier animal, Constable Pearse, iuveigled the poor woman into a statement, and then dragged her into the Police Court to give unwilling evidence against the man who had relieved her sufferings. Potts was brought up under some infernal old Act of the reign of Charlemagne, and they fined him ten pounds with £7 7s. 6d. costs. The Police Magistrate would not even stay execution, till an appeal could be lodged. No wonder his solicitor, an Albany man too, characterised the case as simply a deliberate persecution of Potts. It's one of the monstrous episodes that could only take place in a fossilized village community like Albany. If Chief Commissioner Phillips doesn't make an example of Constable Pearse, he is not the honest honorable gentle- man I take him to be. As for the Police Court, and those who from pure envy got up the prosecution—well, if I had lived in the Middle Ages, I would have armed my retainers, stormed the village, seized all concerned, put the Bench in the Stocks, burned the constable, set fire to the place, and retired in triumph. They do hate foreigners, those Albanians. They'll soon be wiped out, though, and their village as well. The Harbor works at Fremantle will, when completed, ruin them all! Thank God. The following from Wyndham.— " The diamond drill has been and still "remains in an unsatisfactory state. "Thegeneral impression is that little " or no progress will be made for many "months. A water supply is of much " moment to the community." Quite right my Wyndhamites. If the drill in an unsatisfactory state you can rest assured it* will remain so, and your general impression "that ' little or no progress (in boring for water) will be made for many months," is sure to be confirmed. Not that the Forrest Government is to blame for this in any way. Oh dear, no. It only bought the drill, and sent it to you. Of course if the confounded machine will go wrong, it's not the fault of the Government, is it ? Why can't the blamed thing come down to Perth and get itself repaired ? Why does it fritter it's time away up there, when you people want water ? I was told a little yarn by a friend of mine who visited Wyndham some years since, which clearly demonstrates the vim and energy of the people. It appears that the Government sent up the money for a well and one was dug in the sandstone, which yielded a nice supply of fresh water for all the inhabitants, five or six gallons a day in the wet season. AS it was sunk in the solid rock it occurred to the contractor that it ought to be timbered. So a lot of nice oregon pine was put in, and the slabbing was carefully packed behind with the loose rock from the shaft. It need hardly be said that the white ants, lived on the fat of the land for mouths after. They became so " Epicurean " biicli refined gourmets, as to turn their sharp little noses up at Jam tart—I mean Jam wood. When they had eaten up the Oregon, the loose rock packing tumbled down and filled up the bottom of the well. The Wyndhamites were much distressed at this calamity. They held meetings t'or several months, but the obstinate debris remained At last the milch cow (Government) was appealed to, and in less than twelve months two men were sent up, and while one remained on top the other went below, filled the debris into buckets, which were hauled up, and lo ! the well, welled away as usual. Somehow it did not occur to the original contractor not to timber the well, and then the catastrophe could not have happened, nor did it occur to the good people that two of themselves might have gone down and emptied out tta several buckets of debris. They preferred, waiting twelve months for the Government to do it. It was much easier. Are you surprised tick has got into the district ? Slow as ticks move, they don't move as slowly as the inhabitants of Wyndham. If Moraii, M.P., had done nothing else to justify his return to Parliament, there will always be the remembrance of the effort he is making to provide a cheaper system for obtaining miners residence areas on the goldfields. He is a declared supporter of the present Govern- ment, yet he is so struck with the similarity existing between the Boer legislation in Western Australia and that of the Transvaal, the Ouitlanders, i.e., the foreign population in each country being the wronged victims, that he is forced to move in the direction of getting some of these wrongs redressed. He very properly and-very justly wants theonly gold producer of the colony, to at all events be housed, in a relative degree, as cheaply as the so-called farmer. The latter occupies the position (an unique one in the world) of being a consumer and not a producer, inasmuch as the Boer Government of W.A. is levying taxes of all kinds on the miner and the mining industry in order to lavish revenue on these so-called farmers, who at present produce nothing. This iniquity is persevered in, in the hope that they may grow something some day. The miner has to pay £ 2 0 to £30 for a' plot of ground on which to live, while the non-producing " farmer'' gets not only 160 acres for nothing, plus the assistance of a State Bank, but is having private estates bought back with the goldfields' revenue, for his sole advan- . tage. The Boer Government of W.A. are not surprised at their own supporter's action, because he had notified his intention of proceeding in the matter, but it begins to see it cannot trample on popular opinion as it used to do, and doubtless there will be legislation of a nature favorable to the miner this session. Even the maiden lady has wakened up to the fact that something has to be done, and she caused a leader 011 the subject to be published in her paper last week. The leader was not of the warm nature common in her advocacy of one of her own fads, or on a question which her obedient Government ' is advocating. It was of the usual non-committal, the child may live or Jji£-4ihild^jfiay die, kind. It sd \ j^n j{^]g>p^hing sentence, |4f> ^ibe - miner be well and as cheaply ar ' sible." * T I iro®der it years this* went jposite tack. from it should not be experi- " ence has shown to be expedient else- " where under somewhat similar cir- " cumstances. On the other hand, " the danger must be guarded " against of recklessly giving away " the public estate in fee simple, " without demanding some return, " which shall represent a fair value at " at the time of alienation." * * * "Mr. Vosper bases his claim that the " miner should receive specially liberal "treatment, on the ground that the " land which the miner occupies would " be valueless without his labor. There "is no doubt something in this way of "looking at the matter; but if the " question is to be regarded from its "cold ecouomic side, then it has to be "admitted that the value of land in " goldfields towns is quite as much, if " not more, determined by the rich- "ness, permanency, and profitable " working of the mines. * # * * "While every care is taken in order " that the -miner may receive his due, "and may be induced to make his " home on the fields, the general in- "terests of the country must not be " lost sight of. The people as a whole " aie entitled to secure the market " value of the national estate." One might ask, in commenting on this nonsense, why some warning was not heard from the lady about " recklessly surrendering the public estate," in connection with the rich farming lands which it is intended to give away? Why use it in connection with the wretched barren patches on the goldfields? Why, again, should the question of giving to the miner be regarded from it's cold economic side?" Such a side has not been suggested with regard to that non-producer, " the farmer." And yet again, why, "the general interests of the country must not be lost sight of" 1 Does not the miner form a larger numerical factor than the farmer ? Are his interests considered when the money supplied by him is to be taken from him and diverted to the purchase, at high figures, of old Boer family estates, which originally cost nothing,. and remain, and have remained for fifty years, exactly as Nature made them ? Bah! my good woman, write your leaders with some regard to consistency. Don't make them all onesided, and don't preteud an interest you do not feel in that section of the population which has lifted you out of your very impoverished condition to one of comparative affluence. I have already told von that the maiden lady waits to see which side is .gping t.< win, and she goes for all she's worth in favor of that side. She sees the coming importance of that new 4 just out of the oven" township, euphoniously designated " Boulder." I. think this kind of name is enough to prevent any township from progressing. 4 Why not* cail it Willgetup," or " Dontloekeuiup," or some other pretty sounding name. Well, the maiden lady sees possibilities in the Boulder, so she has in a very proper frame of mind turned her synodical nose np at Coolgardie, and has deposed that unfortunate town, iu favor of the former. I extract from her leader of last Tuesday two superb bits of "high fahitin" respecting that newest but very dusty township which ought to increase her circulation there. She lias nothing to lose just now that Coolgardie is down 011 its luck, and she is a first class type of the Christian you know. " Whether, as seems not improbable, "Boulder is destined to be—if it may ," not be regarded as such already—the " principal mining centre of Western " Australia, and perhaps of the entire " continent, Kalgoorlie may yet always 4 1 be the business cantre. But whatever "may be their future, it is at least 4 4 certain that one is not likelv to ab- 4 4 sorb "or destroy the other. 60th will " stand or fall together "That Boulder, as the furthest east- " ward of the large goldfields towns, "will be a main station on the trans- " Australian trunk line of the future " may be taken for granted, and it is " not indulging in an extravagant day- " dream to look forward to the time "when the traveller, tired with the " long journey across the desert, will "gaze with a pleasant sense of relief on " the first signs of ' Boulder City.' " The chance to bring in the reference to the " trans- Australian railway was too good to be lost sight of. It's one of the closely hugged fads of the sweet old girl. Here is another bit ! ! ! ! "Given that river of water from the "coast, which the Government .stand " pledged to bring to the interior, and "the goldfields towns will, it is no exaggeration to say, become veritable "oasis in the desert. Provided there "be moisture sufficient, the rich .soil " will prodnce with little short of tropi- "ical abundance, and it is, therefore, < "110 impossible .prediction to assert " that where are now bare wind-swept " streets' there will ultimately be " beautiful boulevards, lined with shady 4 4 trees, and guiltless of those clouds of " dust which, alone are sufficient to ban- "ish any real sense of comfort. Nor "will.the change be confined to the "roadtl.' No less striking evidence of ' "it should be found in the parks and "public and private gardens, and the " striking effect of aU this greenness " will be intensified by the sharp tran- " sition from the arid and uninviting "stretcbeB of the desert to the out- " ward signs of high material civilisa- "tHHu" Apart from the fact that ' oasis' is made to represent the plural what do you think of. that 0 ye Boulderers 1 "Beautiful boulevardy's". lined with shady trees,—guiltless " of dust" Jerusalem ! parks, public " and private gardens"—My Lord! I am afraid you Boulderers will be looking down on us with lofty scorn in the future, and that you will not be seen talking outside your township with anyone under the rank of a Mine Manager " guiltless of dust !*' I wonder whether the particular dear old Maiden Lady has ever gone through a dust storm at Coolgardie, Kalgoorlie or Menzies : She is cunning, but 4 Heaven' help her, in the matter of 44 wethers,' poultry, and dust storms, she is as innocent as Mother Eve. Still, I think she will get some " ads" down from among the Boulders, nothing for nothing you know. If they don't come down, well 110 more Boulder idylls from her poet leader writer. What about Bnnbury now ? Is it the capital of W.A. or not ? The Boer (slightly leavened) Parliament has adjonrned over Wednesday in order that its Boers may have an opportunity of inspecting those two horses and the pony imported in 1827, the three bags of potatoes produced locally after great efforts and several tins of imported honey. They call this the "Bunbury Agricultural Show" I presume none of you know who represents Bunbury. So I will tell you. It's Illingworth; that's the reason the 44 'Ouse" adjourned. They wish to placate him, and so—I beg your pardon ? Wrong am I ? Well, who does? Sir John—never—well, you do surprise me. Oh ! well, in that case it's only a singular coincidence—but why didn't the pow-wowers adjourn for the York and Beverley Saturnalias? Any family estates to be resumed for resident yeomen at Bunbury ? In his speech returning thanks for his re- election to a second citizenship in the West Ward, Molloy" 4 made some references to this journal as a "so-called public print" which held him up to ridicule. I presume if Clark's Weekly was not a " public print, it would not be a registered newspaper, therefore Molloy s sneer " so-called" really cuts us to the quick ; because it is so undeserved ; I have tried my best to keep Molloy before the public. I directed attention some time since to his wholesale allegations against his brother Councillors, to the circumstance that in his place at the Council table where, presumably he is privileged, he stigmatised one of the paid officers of the Council as a " thief," knowing that he was not likely to get thrashed for his bravery. I also congratulated him and the Government on his election to the Magistracy, knowing how likely he was to keep unsullied the purity and integrity of that high institution. Finally I made some reference to the early stages of his career, when as a " pieman" he perambulated the streets selling his wares. Surely there is nought but what is honorable to him in thus showing the great public of this great city, with its magnificent roads, its more than beautiful pavements, its perfect sanitary organisation and brilliantly lit streets, in all of which the hand and genius -of Molloy are visible, that he is a second citizen in the best (Perth) sense of that appellation. Is there anything ridiculous in pointing out any man who at one time went about crowded streets calling " AU 'ot! All 'ot !" and who is now, wholly and soleiy on his own merits, a magnate of the great nation which adopted him at a very early age? I do not Jo ik for much gratitude from the average human, but from Molloy, the ex-public-house keeper— who om_e publicly boasted that he was, despite his calling, a total abstinence man, or something like that —1 did expect something better. 4 4 Man's inhumanity to ma n ," &c.;, &c.;, &c.; 