ASTOUNDING LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA CURE. Doctors Pronou.vced Case Hoi'LEss. USUI TO J!S SO BY MEDICAL MEN THE WORLD OVER. A PROMINENT SYDNEY M.L.A. I1BAUS TI2STJ i\IONY. (From thi Auslralim Workman.) i .Our reprojontitive made his » ay .tu the homo .of Mr., Thomas Jarvisi 45 Ciown- I Lane, Ultimo. Mr. Jams is one of the ( best known..' resident-) of that ? thickly I populated .subuib.. Ho was discovered nursing a baby, au.l his face declared hun 1 1 be one of the happiot men in Sydney. ?r In;reply to the'preiiininary questions, ho said: ' Yon 'want to know all about my ?case-'i. ?Well, I am glad of an oppo; tunity t- tall ; you. The fi-cs may be 'f value to those who are stricken as I wa*. ' How Ion' wore you suff.-riug ?' ? ' About five-and-half years ago I met :'.with. an ' aeeidont ; I was badly -scalded while a.bnth in Pitt-street, Sydney. From tho date of the accident my health beyan to .fail,, and nfier, four years of ?ssni'iuul development of Locomotor Atixia '1' was. forced to j-tvo up. my til et at the Glebe Island.'' 'What wore the symptoms?'' ' ' Simply indescribable. The pains were somrthing terrible. They were for 1 1! the world like as if a saw were cutting my I bonei.in-tiyp; in every part of me. I hud no control over my bowels or bladder, nnd and. was a.nuisauce to myself ar.d every one ttlBe.. I , was incessantly: shivering and shaking,- and could neither eat nor sleep. I saw a well-known doctor, and ho told me that my ciiae was utterly hopeless. 'I cam-! h»ine and went t- bed, and have bi.en In bed pretty wilt ovor oiuoo. A few weeks ago I cju'd not walk across ihe fl ior ; in fact, 1 could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and or ly a question of days when I would give up the ghost. Mydoc'orwas attending me, and did all he could, by opium-and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under hiai f r five or six weeks. Be came to the conclusion that I was .suffering from Locomotor Ataxia, or ?Progressive Locomotor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal corf1, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co ordinating volnntiry movements. He told me that I might never get the nst of inj legs.' (Just then the patient kicked his legs about wish enu^y, to show that medical opinion is not infa'lible ) ' Well, just as a drowning man will ferasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyoJ by the advoriisment describing the cure effected in tbe cise of another boilermaker in England,' which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pill for PalePoi p o. I read in the adverlisuu-nt of a case tvhich seemed to fit iny own. I determined to yive Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a b x. The effect was mimical. 1 was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the Br. t a| petite and rest I had for many a day. It tvss incredible. 1 immedi .ti-ly left the bed and was able to move about. When tiking the fi'th box, I was able t- walk about with the aid of.a s ick and was gradually but surely recover ing ray former vigour and vitnlny. You seo those ciutches there '/ They are pBt fect'y now, and I have never used' them. They were made for me before I got the Pills, but I was too weak t- use them, and now I don't want them ' Mrs. Jar- is, who had coine in and taken the buby on Iit kntes, said Dr. Wil iams' Pink Pil's saved his life and made an flier man of him.' ? . ? ' ? A fru nJ who cai'td i t at this point said that Jarvis looked tin years younger, that duy than he dirt n ehoittime back. '?lean now,1' continued Jarvis, 'have a cold hath, and all the feeling has come back in'my legs. I expeot shortly to resume work as a boilermaker, ? and yuu know I have '.o be in the Very pink of heahli and strength to wi rk at thi.t trade. I am bet er to-day than I have been at any t me during the past five years. Iasc-ibe all the change and benefit to these Pink P Us. They have saved my life. 1 am in no pain what ever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepiecH thete is a box of Opium and Morphia Pi Is which t'ie doctor gave me to deaden tho excruciating ptin. But, they can stay whore they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been antazjd st the change in me. They can hardly bslieve their eyes. My being about agnin has caused quite a sensation out here.' WHAT LABOR-LEADER M'GOWEN KNOWS. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, M.P., loader of the labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was also Been in connection with tho re markable case of Mr. Thomas Jarvis. Ht' says' be has known Jarvis from inl'incy. He also knew thit he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs owing to a malady which he devfloped. Ho after wards heard that Jarvis whs bedridden, and that thoro was little ohance of his recovery. Ho understood Jatvia was lefuaed admission to tho Sydney Hospital, as his case hod been prononncod incurablu. Mr. M'Gowen was, therpfo'e, like eveiyono else who knew tho facts, astounded at the comp'eto recovery of Jarvis, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills also ouro such I diseases as rheumatism, neuralgia, partial ' paralysis, loc«motor ataxy, nervi us h.-ad- | ache, nervous prostration, the after effects j of la grippe, ii.fluenz.i, and savor.; colds, I dii cases dt pending on humors of ihe blond, \ such as scrofula, chronic ivy 8 pi lis, i tc. In tho case of men they oll'eet a radical cure in all cts--s arising from mental worry, over work, or i xcss of any nn'ure. Dr. Williams' Pink lJills are obtainsb'e from all loading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co , Queen's Ploco, Sydnoy, who will forward (post paid) on leceipt of Btampi or poRt order 1 box for 2s 9d, or half-dozon for 14 1 9:1. 