VICTORIA. The Government has decided that there shall be no reduction in the income tax rates for the current financial year. Thirteen shops were burned down on Saturday morning at Waihi (N.Z.). No water was available. The damage is £3000. Five Maoris have been sentenced to two months' imprisonment for ploughing over private land in the Taranaki district, New Zealand. In the mile walk at the Auckland Amateur Athletic Club's meeting on Sat- urday, F. H. Creame established a world's record in the time of 6 min. 27 3-5 sec. A fire at Messrs. Breiver and Trembath's Horse Bazaar, at Gore, near Invercargill, N.Z., destroyed 11 horses, and spreading to the adjoining premises destroyed 13 other buildings. The damage is about £15,000. At Auckland on Monday Richard Keast, formerly a miner at Bendigo, who has been passing himself off as an evange- list, and who many years ago created some stir in Bendigo by accounts of visions he saw whilst in a trance, has been sentenced to four years' imprison- ment on charges of forgery and false pretences. Constable Honmus, of Castlemaine, having heard that a " wild man " beyond Fryers, was running naked along the banks of the Loddon, went out there and found one Delmenico Polluto quite naked, and eating grass like a cow. When the constable attempted to arrest him he rushed across the Loddon to an island, from which, with assistance, he was with difficulty removed. He was remanded for medical examination. A shocking drowning catastrophe oc- curred last Thursday at Gunbower Island, in the Murray. Mrs. Nelson, wife of Mr. Edward Nelson, saw miller, on Gunbower Island, was on the bank of the Murray with her five year old daughter, when the latter fell into the river. Mrs. Nelson at once jumped in to save her child, and both went down together. Before help arrived mother and daughter had disap- peared below the surface of the water, but the bodies were recovered, life being quite extinct. Mrs. Nelson leaves four children, one of whom is only 6 months old. Mr. Donald M'Intosh, who during his recent trip to England and the Continent, was so successful as a pigeon shot, has not been long in getting into form again after his sea voyage. He competed for the members' Challenge Cup at the weekly meeting of the Melbourne Gun Club on Friday, and won the event in splendid style, grassing the whole of his 21 birds. He subsequently divided two sweepstakes. His handicap mark is now 32½ yards. Mr. M'Intosh has not altered his style of shooting, but he is smarter in getting on to his birds, and also quicker in using the second barrel when considered necessary. In the Melbourne papers special atten- tion was drawn to a record price paid for the Mount Carmel wool. It is interesting to note that this lot of wool was pur- chased for the Denton Hat Mills, Abbots- ford, and their buyer, in announcing the transaction, congratulated the firm on having secured one of the finest lots of wool ever placed on the Victorian market. The transaction is of special interest to protectionists, for it belies the old freetrade dodge of labelling everything locally- made as " shoddy." Here is an instance — one of many — in which a colo- nial manufacturing firm is ready to pay a high price for a good article, which will be worked up by Victorian artisans. The Mount Alexander Mail (Castle- maine) has the following : — The School of Mines has just been presented with a mountain devil, captured near Coolgardie by Mr. W. Taylor, of Woodbrook. The animal possesses several important char- acteristics which entitle him to his name ; for instance, he has a tail, a pair of horns, and a peculiar uncanny beauty of his own. Strange to relate, he wears three costumes daily, that is to say he changes color three times. We are informed that he is some what fastidious in his diet, preferring jam and ants to other delicacies. His appetite having been well catered for during his long journey, he has arrived in excellent condition, and can be seen alive at the school. In shape and size he most re- sembles the common frilled lizard. The Yackandandah paper says : — " The continued dry weather of the past few weeks is telling severely upon the sluic- ing claims on the Yackandandah Creek, and unless rain comes, speedily many hands will be thrown out of employment. For some time the Rowdy Flat barge has been able to keep only a day shift going. Messrs. John and James Priestly of Esk- dale report having cleaned up 3 tons of a 1in. reef for 43 oz. 8dwts. of gold, which runs to about 14 oz. 8dwt. and 8gr. per ton. This result is the reward of ten weeks' work. Things are looking fairly well in that district, though Messrs. Cowsley and Crawford, of Twist Creek, who recently pitched their prospector's tent there, are reported to have so far been unsuccessful in their attempts to secure a line of good stone." An object possessing apparently the character of a ghost has been lately caus- ing some consternation at Bungeet — at least so a correspondent informs the Benalla Ensign. It was first seen at Nash's corner by Mr. D. Conway whilst on his way home several nights ago. It emanated from beneath a bridge in the vicinity and presented the appearance of being alight in two places. Mr. Conway, who speaks with much earnestness about the matter, says when he saw the object he was so terrified that he dug his spurs into his horse — for he was riding at the time — and rode home as fast as the animal carrying him could go. Notwithstanding so, the object referred to followed him for at least a mile. Mr. Conway fainted in his room on his arrival home. The same thing was seen a few nights previously by a resident of Thoona. An " interesting " reminiscence of the Kelly Gang was mentioned in a divorce case, heard before Mr. Justice Holroyd, in the Practice Court,, Melbourne, re- cently. Mrs. Alexander, a nurse, sought to be divorced from her husband, Robert Alexander, for desertion, and, in intro- ducing the petition to the attention of his Honor, Mr. Woolf said that respon- dent was the same Alexander who, as a police constable, concealed himself be- neath the bed at Aaron Sherritt's house, near Beechworth, when the Kellys called there and shot Sherritt dead. The peti- tioner, in her affidavit, referred to the fact, but it appears she was not aware of the circumstance when the ex- constable led her to the altar, that the happy man had been dishonored by his country for cowardice in the face of the enemy. In her evidence she said that Alexander never worked after the wedding, but lived upon what she earned. When his wife would not sell the furniture Alex- ander " lost his temper," and told her she was mad. 