THE NOVELIST. THE PRINCESS OF ONAWE, A TALE OF OLD NEW ZEALAND. By JESSIE MACKAY. CHAPTER IMI. THE HAND OF TEHE DYING. The Royal Post Office was put into use on one or two occasions; and several afternoons in the bush were secured by the lovers. The last of these was marked to Fairy by two misfortunes. The first was the news that Edward's ship was ready to sail. The blow was softened by the prospect of her return to Whangaraupo in three months' time; but there was no prospect of approaching Captain Galbraith till then. The second misfortune was the breaking of Fairy's gold chain. She had brought it with her in a child-like desire to wear it openly for an hour or two. " Her foot slipped on the hill, at the same moment a dry, stumpy branch caught in the chain, her weight causing a link to give way. A very pitiful ex clamation escaped her ; but with won derful self-control she did not utter the words that ran recurrently in her brain all day :-" An omen, an omen, an evil omen " "Never mind," said Edward, "give it to me ,sweetheart, and I shall have it rivetted in Sydney. It's a sylvan judgment on the vain, little thing; she would wear gold instead of rata and woodbine, as a woodland princess should." "Indeed, it was silly of me," she admitted sadly. " You shall have it back safe and sound in three months-the first day possible. It's not worth a sigh, dear lass of mine !" he said cheerily. The last golden mirinte flew by, and Fairy s streaming eyes saw the very last glimpse of her Viking. The wistful gentleness and unwonted diligence which she now brought into her daily life puzzled her parents a little. Then a sudden word forced out her secret. Her fattier, in one of the gloomy-fits which often beset him now, let fall an allusion to the "French thieves, Lemaire and his son." Fairy turned scarlet, then deadly pale." "Father, you must not, you must not," she said. In hurrying phrases she told the story of her betrothal. Then at last she lifted her eyes timidly, but with a feeling of relief. The storm she expected did not come; a sign how far morbid brooding had warped the alert quick-tempered sailor's mind from its natural bent. But the quiet bitter ness of his words stung her. "So my own daughter wvishes to throw in her lot with her father's enemies V' "Edward is not your enemy," said Fairy piteously. "He hates greed and malice as I do. He only wants peace and friendliness between his house and mine." "I quite understand," said Captain Galbraith with a livid smile. "He prefers a safe and peaceful way of spoiling the Egyptians. His father would have robbed with a strong hand; the boy prefers to make a tool of a gullible girl. They are not a noble, race, the boys of to-day; they would rather marry a fortune than make it." A flood of scarlet dyed Fairy's face darkly. " Father, remember. He is my-" "Your future -husband you would say. Oh, no !" said the Captain coldly. "Fortunately you will not be allowed to fall into the hands of a mongrel adventurer. I am rather surprised that you hold the name of Galbraith so cheap. It was never stained with English rascality; and I shall see it is not stained with French. Not one foot of the Peninsula shall ever belong to Lemaire with my consent." " The Peninsula is dearer to you than I am," sighed Fairy drearily. " Child, go and play with your doll. Some day you will understand the feelings of men and women." It was with a curious shyness that Mrs Galbraith approached her daughter next day. Kind and peaceful as their relations had been, she knew she had not been the confidential companion of this child of hers. And now all sud denly and unobserved she had shot up into womanhood, and away into un familiar bournes. With an inward shrinking and diffidence the mother began : " You have vexed your father, Frances." "And my fattier has vexed me," said Fairy, taking the punitive name gravely and without question. They looked at each other. Neither knew what to say next. Mrs Galbraith began deprecatingly: " He has worked night and day to make a beautiful home for us. He has made our happiness the object of his life. Can you not remember that, dear child ?" Fairy suddenly burst into a passion of tears. " Nobody cares for me but Edward," she sobbed. " You only care for him; and he only cares for Wangaloa. And I-I am so lonely !" " O child, O child," said the calm English woman, her own rare tears starting from their deep source. And there was never any more diffidence or estrangement between mother and daughter; they had taken together that tender sacrament of women-the sac rament of tears. " O, mother dear, you will speak for us. Edward would not wrong anyone. If you only knew how good hle is I And you know we are wasting our lives pursuing a shadow. Wangaloa is not ours-never shall be ours." ,!I know it," said Mrs Galbraith sadly. " But we shall not grieve over that," said Fairy. "We have our home here, we have God's deep sky and shining sea. God's earth is as good and sweet to us as if it were all our own." Joanna Galbraith said nothing; she *had been telling herself these things for two years past. Fairy began again restlessly. ",You don't think I did wrong ? not verv wrong. I should have spoken before. Oh, yes; but I was afraid. But foolish quarrels about land and money, and foolish ideas about race should two people be parted for these I Judge, mother." Lrng ago in her wayward youth Joanna Seaforth had answered this question for herself, and she had never repented. Now between the command of the husband at e loved and this daughter who unwittingly . wrested judgment from her own past, she stood si'ent and pale. "I cannot judge. Have patience, dear. I will do my best." None of the station household wore a happy face those days. Hori's altered looks passed unnoticed by the rest. :.s the three months drew to an end, Fairy's desire to send word to her lover became intense. She was particularly anxious that a meeting between him and her father should be prevented at that juncture, and wrote a long letter, vowing eternal fidelity, and begging him to wait until milder counsels should prevail. This done, she was still in dire difficulty, for she was strictly watched, and forbidden to go beyond the station. At last, some word among the whalers about a ship at Whangaraupo coming to her ears, she became desperate, and resolved to share the secret of the Royal Post Office with the one person in the house she could bend or bribe-the Msori girl Mary. Working partly on the girl's devotion to herself, and partly on her love of finery, she won her over, incited her to demand a day in Wangaloa, and, giving her minute directions re garding the hollow tree, entrusted the letter to her care. Fairy's heart would not have been so light if she had known how Honi had been reading her gestures with jealous intuitioh, and if she hal seen the look on Hori's face as he joined the girl beyond the station. All that day she waited feverishly; and when her messenger returned void of news or token her heart was like lead. "True," she told herself a hundred times, " I need not have expected he could leave the ship so soon. Mary must go again." For some months past it had been said that Korora, the chiers daughter, had been ailing, Some professed to have scen signs of illness for a year; others had only noticed them lately.. Now it was asserted that after the Maori fashion she had predicted her own death upon a certain day. The dying girl was the centre of a mournful barbaric . reception. She listened to the wailings of the throng ing tribe with the glazed indifferent look denoting a mind sunk in a lethargy of fatalism. But when Hori Mar came she lifted her eyes with a quick start of delight,. and motioned away her slave-girls. Hori had not come in with the wholly decorous face of a mourner; there was a restless sparkle in his eye that spoke of a sudden resolve, doubtful and dangerous. But when hlie looked down, he was for the first time truly sorry. Boy-like, his imagination had failed to convey impressions of mental anguish, even though he himself was suffering in like manner. But the wasted figure and the fevered shining of the eyes spoke to his understanding. "Dear maiden, great is my love to you," he said in Maori. " My lord and my chief; it hal been soon too late to say it," said the girl softly. SMust you indeed go, Korora ?" "Even so," she said, simply. "I know my time- two days from this day." Hori was too well versed in Maori custom even to affect to disbelieve her predicton. " Great is my sorrow, Korora, maiden of love," he said; and although the voice did not speak a sorrow of the heart's core, yet the Maori girl was content; truly she had asked for little. Yet out of her gladness one question struggled forth with twitching of lips " The white girl-does she know you are here ?" "She knows not," said Hori de liberately and coldly, but watching the worn face with utmost anxiety. "She knows nothing of me now I am angry with her; we walk two ways." Korora leant back with a smile of triumph. "It is good. It warms me. I shall take it to the -gates of the Great Dark that you called me dear, and put her away." " More fthan that I have a charm that will cut her to the heart if you desire it." "She cut mine," said Korora, the vengeful gleam in her eye betraying her readiness to take it. " You wish to have it then T" said Hori, trying to tune his voice to measured calmness. " Kapai! she deserves to be punished. But you must be heedful, for this charm is tapu, and the tapu of the pakeha is swifter and deadlier. than the tapu of the Maori. A word spoken out of place will bring the evil on your father's house-upon me." "Teach me, my. chief, I shall not fail," she said. He carefully drew out a gold chain, and clasped it round her neck. She shuddered in fear and admiration of the beautiful- slender thing, and he read her mind. " Dear maiden, it shall not harm you at all. Look, it has lain against my heart, and I did not fear it. Listen to the spell of the pakeha's charm. No eye but the white girl's must see it. To-morrow she comes to bid you fare well. Saffer no one to come in with her. Let 'it lie on your neck in her sight. Whatever she asks, name no name, neither mine nor any other, but answer only this: 'It is a gift from one who loves me." Shall you remember ?" " Yes, indeed. And then- ?" "And then, daughter of Arikis, the talmU of the Pakeha is upon her, Say not another word, good 'or bad, but let her depart. And 'then the charm must be given back." " Truly," said Korora eagerly, " then once again you shal[ come to me. It is good to see the sun and you, Hori, these last days. The'great cold dark the empty Jeinga-is so near now. But I never wanted the gods, Hori only you." SHori had relapsed into the craft of his schemes, but the tender submission of this poor soul softened him." "O Kororal there will be mourning in Wangalon !" he said with a break in his voice. He was but a lad in years though he had grown up early in hard school of life. Almost, in face oi this great accusing darkness, he could have recalled his words and token ; but he did not. Mrs Galbraith had never taken to the Natives as Fairy had done., How ever thoughtful and kind she proved herself, the Maoris felt the wall of aloofness between themselves and the fair, quiet stranger. But she felt it incumbent on her to visit the chief's dying daughter, and proposed to take Fairy. It was now a month since Fairy had been permitted abroad-a confinement which would have been sufficiently irksome if it had not also been fraught with sorrowful suspense. Although she knew she was out on parole, she could not help a feeling of hopeful exhilaration in returning to Wangaloa, even on so sad an errand. She had a chance of seeing her lover even if only at a distance. But no Edward Lemaire was to be seen. In point of fact, his ship was now even sailing rapidly north from Whaugaraupo; for a message had come a day before that Captain Lemaire lay dying at Kororareka. But it was long enough before Fairy knew of that, and of the double pangs of filial anxiety and wounded love that racked her sailor's heart. Fairy lingered at the door, parrying the questions of the Maori girls respect ing her long absence, while her mother saw the sick girl. Then she went in herself. A fixed and sinister smile was on the lips of the chief's daughter. It did not alter when Fairy knelt beside her with a cry of pity. "Korora! 0, poor Korora; is there nothing I can do for you 1" Not a muscle changed. Her serpent eyes shone deathfully like jewels. Then Fairy saw the pendant cross on her breast, and the gold chain on her neck, and sprang up vith a stifled cry. " Where did you get that ?" Korora counted every tremor and quiver with an infinitude of cruel joy before she unlocked her lips at last to whisper- her voice had almost failed " It is a gift from one who loves me." Fairy leaned against the carved slab of the door to support herself. It seemed as if a hand had struck her on each cheeock, and shame and pain had dyed her face crimson. All her world seemed falling about her in thundering ruin. Could it be that man's love was a shivering quicksand, instead of a rock ! "Could her chosen one deem the first check in his suit an excuse to throw the token of their betrothal to the first savage girl whose beauty caught his eye? Infamous! if it were possible. " Tell me-more," she said hoarsely. Again the pitiless joy of the serpent eyes-again the slow, hissing whisper. " It is a gift from one who loves me " For the first time in her life the tenderly cherished girl felt the iron bands of hate and shame close her in. She quailed betore the terrible triumph of this savage girl, who was already half-crowned with the silent regality of death. She turned and tottered out. Korara lay for hours in a half-trance; but the flame of life flickered into brightness when the half-caste came to redeem his pledge. She pointed to the chain, and whispered contentedly as lie undid it : " Great is the Pakeha's tapw, Hori. .I did as you told me, my chief. She shook like a toi-toi in the wind." " You did well, Korora," said the youth, his quiet tone contradicting the fierce gleam of his eyes. She pushed back her thick black hair wearily, and held out her ihands with a pleading grace, saying ".No more of her now. Once more I shall speak to her-but not now." " It is of you I am thinking, Korora," he said. In the mist of his spirit's blindness he was lauding him self as a 'beneficent being who had come to comfort this girl's dying hours. "Talk not of me, Hori. I am as good as dead. The wind blows out of -the west to-niglht, and to-morrow it is gone-so it is with me. But you, my chief-you remain. I am looking down the years for you, Hori. I see the two roads-the way of the Maori and the way of the Pakeha. Which shall be yours I I see the way of the Pakeha; it is steep, it is new, it is hard to the foot, I see the old way, the way of the tussock and fern, the ancient way of eleep and of ease; They would not let us walk in peace where our fathers trod. They called for the free bare feet to walk the rocky way. Let the pakeha perish I Let him wither like a manuka blossom 1 " I see your days long-night after night, and moon after moon. The old way, the soft way, the ancient way is drawing you; the gods are dead, but their ghosts are in the Reinga. The ghost of the gods are calling you, and your ablood answers, Hori. Ghost ot god to ghost of man-aue aue! "Why did you despise the fathers, HoriI There were heroes once; there were giants once. O that we two were back in the morning of the giants in Aotea-roa 2 Late we came, and the shadow of the Pakeha cursed us. The ancient way, the way of the Maori, is drawing you, Hori; but I shall never walk there with you. Aue I the Great Dark, where the voice of love is not !" Hori was ashamed of the unexpected remnant of superstition that thrilled him. Korora's entranced look and impassioned whisper might have been those of a Delphian priestess. " Be at peace, maiden of my love," he said, not knowing how to reply. " Ghosts of gods !" muttered Korora, smiling darkly. "Tkey cannot save, they can punish. The Wind God of Onawe is but a ghost; yet he has cursed, and the curse shall stand." Then the fateful look of the Norna went out of her eyes, and she nur mured in a tone of yearning tenderness." " Hori, my lord, my chief 1" * * " * Fairy was too powerfully oppressed with shame to let fall a word of the slight her lover had put upon her; and Mrs Galbraith was forced to attribute her ghastly looks to the melancholy sight of the dying girl acting on a mind already distressed. The mother's sympathy urged her to a last effort'for the lovers. " Henry, when is. all this to end 1" she said plaintively that evening. " We are punished enough, poor little Fairy and I." " And Heaven knows I'm punished," said the C'aptain hotly, "to think that a daughter of mine should enter into such a preposterous entanglement, and that you should back her." Mrs Gaibraith was a singularly logical woman,.but she had long learned the futility of direct argument with her husband. "I cann't bear it," she said simply. ." Preposterous or not, I can't bear it. The. hollowness of the child's voice goes to my heart like a knife." " She is only a child," said the Cap tain. She will live to thank me for saving her from a fortune-hunter-a low-bred son of a snail-eater." "She may or she may not," diplo matically replied his wife. " She will not remain a child always. Has it ever struck you, my wise old Captain, that she might marry someone whose ancestors have eaten much worse than snails ?" " What do you mean, Joanna?" " I mean that Fairy is terribly isolated; she sees no one of her own age but rough sailors-and Horn Mar. And Hori Mar is quick and clever, and handsome as a statue." The Captain looked at her with wide eyes and in silence for some time. ihen he said, slowly, " Even that would be better than the son of Lemaire." The proud insular blood leaped to his wife's cheek. "I have made sacrifices," she said, hastily. "I never named them before, but I beg you to remember, this once. Not that-for my daughter anything but that i" " Indeed, Joanna, the suggestion was yours, not mine," said the Captain, quickly.. "Either would be impossible; of course, impossible." " He mused bitterly a few moments. " Sacrifices ! Do I ever forget them, Joanna ? Should I care so much for the fast and loose dealing of Tuha waiki and the intrigues of that cursed Lemaire if it were nct your fortune they were taking away i" " I know it," she said with a tender reproach, which added a rare grace to her mature beauty. " Yours is the noblest form of the earth-fever-but a fever it is still. If Henry Galbraith had been a less proud man-shall I say a less nobile man ?-I should have been a happier woman. Little enough I ever thought of anything I gave up for you. There are essentials and un essentials in life. We had our home, and our daughter and each other-we needed nothing more. But this money has always stood between us like a spectre. It took away from me all the years of our youth ; it has changed you from the bright boy I remember to a brooding, suspicious man. It is Wan galoa you think of by day and dream of by night. My dear old captain, get well of this fever. We don't mind dining off tin instead of gold,- Fairy and.I. You don't understand women quite as well as you do whales, I think." She;had unveiled the sanctum of her sbut with a curious mixture of shyness and imperiousness. Now, she laid her hands over her husband's arm, and clasped them there. "Wangaloa has been a shadow on my life. Let that pass; it was all for a noble fancy. But don't-don't don't let it blight Fairy's. This young .msn was condemned unheard. (rive him a fair hearing." She knew from the relaxing of the arm within hers that the point was gained. That night the Captain with dreiv his veto on Edward Lemaire as a guest and admitted the possibility of considering him as a son-in-law. And Mrs Galbraith was bitterly disappointed and puzzled when Fairy received the news with silence and tears. The sun of Korora's last day was high in the sky, when she roused her self and called to her father, whose hard heart was wrung with an agony of. grief at the near dissolution of his last and favorite child. Korora whispered the names of some of the chief men of the tribe ; all these were speedily gathered around her. "Fither, I leave you. There is no help ; tbe days of Korora are ended." A. crooning wail came from the elders. " Listen," whispered Korora, eagerly. " Are the Ngai Tahu yet men ? Can they avenge a chief's daughter ? Be hold me, -my father I Behold me, O friends I Know you what sickness this is ? It is makutw I" At the word makutu- bewitching, or sorcery.-every warrior's face was con vulsed, with enraged surprise, every hand clutched as at a weapon. The fierce question, " Who ? Who ?" ran from lip'to lip. " It is the whits Kapene and his daughter," whispered Korora exult ingly. During long weeks of pain and decay she had secretly gloated over this hour of vengeance, though with stmrong determination she had withheld ,her hand till the latest moment, lest she should lose any chance of a last interview with orio Mar. " The white Kapene and his daugh ter. Not any other-not Hori Mar the father, nor Hori Mar the son; they are friends to the Maori, and no sorcerers. She smiled wofully here; for well she knew that the disease of which she died had. heen hastened, if not caused biy the milkutu of love. She lay quite still for a long time; then the last remnant of life shot up like the last dying flicker of a lamp, and she called clearly ' aFirewell, O friends l The white Kapene and his daughter have done this. Avenge me!" Then Korora, the Sea Gull, idolator and atheist, triumphantly turned her face to the wall and died. (To be continued.) The preliminary plans of the new Su preme Court buildings at Perth have been submitted to the judges for their considera tion. It is understood that the judges desire several alterations made in these plans, and with that end in view they wi!l very shortly make suggestions to the Govern ment.. Their suggestions will be carried out, if possible, and as soon as these pre liminary plans are returned and the desire of the judges made known, the Works De partment will proceed with the preparation of the detailed and final plans, with the object of calling for tenders at the earliest possible date. 