Celebrities at Botaij W& THE TRUE STOfi^W &ABGAEET; CATCEPOtE. * A BIT,OF A PREFACE: '? ' . .' jk. HERE are ajot many ~v .., ZUJ'Y 1 H ag« heroines known to the world, ' ? outside thte realm, of fiction, and among' the few of English birth whose adven tures have been re ?z corded, Margaret 'r Catchpole is not the ' least interesting. To y us, indeed, she is, or £? ought to be, a source ' of peculiar interest, seeing that she pass-' ied so many years of her eventful life in \- this country. The book in which her ' story -was first told by the. Rev. Richard : Cobbold, over fifty years ago, has serv ed to make it -widely known; but, unfor-, tunately, it has left* a cloud of obscurity over many passages in her life, particularly in the latter part of it; and, at the same time, it has given rise to many singular questions as to the facts of her. career. .This is the result of the fictional form in which the author thought fit to present It to 'his readers, while assuring them that they might 'depend upon the truth of its main features.', ' Being left without a clue as to what he considered a main feature, they haye found themselves utterly bewildered on certain points in the narrative, and have sought I relief in more or less Ingenious theories of their j own. It has been said by some, for instance, that I she lived and died a single woman;, by others, that ! she married well, and- had a. family. Some have ' said, that the name given in the story was ,flcti-, ; tious, and that the person who died and was buried j under that name was not the heroine. Others, j again, have said that she was identical with a cer- { tain other lady well-known in Sydney in days gone ; by under another name. Each of these specula- j tions has been supported with, great confidence by many well-informed people; but in each case they have left the problem vary much as they found -it. In fact, the whole subject has become Quite a mystery, and the more it has - been studied the more puzzling it seems to have grown. It has given rise to as much controversy as another popu lar chronicle — that of Fisher's. Ghost. Who has not heard of that remarkable apparition; and who has not been button-holed time and again about it by. some intelligent friend with a theory? And | what had come of all the seventy years' discus- i sion? Either there was a ghost, or there was ! net; but, simple as that proposition is, to this day j no one has come forward and settled the question I for us, to anyone's satisfaction but his own. Mar- 1 garet Catchpole, at any rate, was no ghost; is not j her name recorded in the 'Dictionary of National j Biography?' ' But, for all that, the story has | become such a spectral one that most people have \ found themselves grasping a shadow, even when they felt most certain they had seized the sub stance. It is with some hope of throwing a little light on this dark chapter of Australian biography that I now venture to relate the facts, following the outline of Cobbold's narrative, so far as they can be gathered in the present day. 