MASS! JSAS; CtV. • T THE HOUSE OF THE INK SPOT. A STORY OF TIIK SOl'TIJKKX STATICS OF A.MKKl'W. I was lying siivu-hod .11 lull krngtii nn llif long sofa in liiv library. It was ;i flrowsy jifiornoon in spring, as 1 bad boon asleep. Even a i tor I awakened the swoct drowsiness of slumber was on inc. and I lay for some lime with closed lids iu ilial thought loss, dreamier slate between sleep and waking. Suddcnly I became aware of a presonee iu the room, and opened my eyes. expect ing to see iny aunt. Instead I siin- a flash «f blac-k before my eyes, a flash thai Rhimmeml and quavered 1iU«* superbe;! led air and disappeared while 1 was blinking nay eyes to see what it all ttVioant. bn! J w;is almie ill the room. The thing-gave nie a queer sensation, and I lay quite still lor some minutes, shutting and opening my eyes to see if the black flash reappeared. But it did not: there was only a sort of tired feelingback of my eyes. "Malaria." I said resignedly, and I went to look for Amelia, to gei her to inakc me a lemonade. I found flic little maid watering the flowers down in the paved court-. 1 leaned over the bannister with my face In my bauds, lazily watching- lier «\vab the dusty aloe, her deft: little h;mds glistening like copper where t h<* sun touched 1heir wet brown lingers. "Do you believe in ghosts. AmeliaV" I asked wearily. "Oh. yes. nianr/elle." said the little maid in Iter pretty French, as she turned lier scared brown face up to look at me. "Don't you?" "Of course not." 1 answered, ""but Fui thirsty. Amelia." Then she flickered the water from her coppery fingers and went away to mix rue the cool drink of lemon and lime Juice which no one could make so well. When the little maid was gone. Aunt 'Cilia, poked Iter big white kerchiefed bead from lier kitchen door, nodded at me a moment, aud then came toiling up the steps. " You. been sleep in de lib'ry. ain't you. honeyV" she said, when she had wajddled quite close to me. "Yes," I answered, wonderingly. "Das a mighty po" place to sleep, chile." she said. "Why. Aunt '('ilia ?"' I asked. '•'Cause "iis." she answered,laconic-all*. nodding her head l^ickward toward Amelia, who was coming up the steps behind her. I s jess tellin" mamzelle she better iiiek you git de leather duster and bresh de dust off'n dem bananas and dat. palm ; fo you sprinkles 'em. 'Melia," said the ©Id woman, as she waddled away. "AH light. Aunt 'Cilia:'" -said the little maid, as she left me to iny lemonade and to wondering what the old woman meant. But whatever she meant, she would not tell me. For days, in the eagerness ©f my thoroughly jiroused curiosity. I besought the old woman, and finally offered to bribe her if she would tell, till at last the poor old thing threw herself down on her knees at my feet. "Don't mek me tell you. honey chile," 6be said. " 'Tain"! uothin" gwine to hurt you: ef dere was I'd tell you ef it kill me. But "tain't nothii;' "tall gwine hurt you. only I. done been conjured, an' ef 1\. tell de hoodoo would git me. TV jGand das de truth, honey." ami there iwere tears rolling down the old woman's black eheeks. Of course this served to excite my fancy all the more eoueeruing the shimmering black spot iu the library, and iu the meantime 1 had a second experience of it. It was much the s.iine sort of exjiei iejiee ay ib«> lirst .except That I had not been asleep. I simply lay down on the sofa aud dosed my eyes, opening them suddenly, when the blaek spot shimmered and danced and was gone. 1 had told mv aunt upon tlie first day of our possession thai Uie house we took was worthy to be haunted. J have always 'wondered why my aunt selected It. It was. in many respects, i lie least prepossessing of any that, the agent showed us, yet. to be sure, if had a. grandeur about it, a sort of stately, stuccoed, Creole grandeur that was altogether charming in our eye.s that be- •lield New Orleans for the first time. But it he house was plain and tall and straight and square: there were no .quips and cranks about its appearance ton the outside, though the interior was all that the most fanciful heart could iWisl). There was an open court, with a rusty-throated fountain in the centre, and a scraggy, scaly palm that elam- (bered .against .one of tbe bric-k pillars ;quite to the upper gallery; there were ©arrow corridors, winding- stairways and sliding panels which let upon niches and closets that, were empty ienough in reality, but which, to my awakened fancy, became teeming with suggestions of ghosts and romance. My aunt said she selected the bouse because of its location, because from [the upper balcony she could see the Old Cathedral, and lower down the shipping at the wharf, the big smoke-puffing streamers, and even tbe red sails of the tiny tishing smacks showing their bright flare of color on the broaisf of tin 1 Sull water. It was a location worth one's choosing, a location where one could overlook queer corrugated, tilefcovered roofs, cool, shaded, paved courts aud narrow cobbled streets; a location where one could hear the sweet, low speech of gentle Creole tongues from morning until niglit, and dream all sorts of romances. I frankly confess thai the ghostly spot In the library set: me to thinking rhnt mmauccs may l»e much better dreamed llian realised, particularly as 1 could not speak to my aunt about it. We had come South-for her health, and it became my constant care to keep her from knowing about the spot. Nevertheless, 1 set myself to.find out jvhat it meant. I rummaged all over tbe house, in every era ok. and corner, and found many secret closets and hidden springs thar f had hitherto been ignorant of. But beside these not a scrap of manuscript, nothing to tell of any former history of the house or of inihabitants. One day, however, when I ftaad about concluded my efforts would IK? in vain, Amelia was helping me to arrange some books and magazines in tbe big , empty wall-case in the library. Suddenly the little maid let fab a heavy ,volume. .. The.book bad slipped front a pile which-she was attempting to lay on the shelf, a aid striking heavily against ftlie back of the case, opened a secret "door therein concealed, and dropped iwith a wort of broken fulfillio the niche behind. It is needless to «iy I lost no time in searching amid the dust and cobwebs of the little closet, where I iouud two small oil pictures and a little plaster bust. With eager bands I brushed the dust from the pictures, and, taking them to the light, found one to be the portrait of a delicate, sweei-faced l)oy with timid blue eyes mid fair hair. 'Across the back of the canvas was iPrritteu: " -lean, aged 10 years." The Other picture was of a lad soeui- Sngl.v lo or 1<; years of .i-e. a handsome, black-haired, black-eyed boy svkose expression I did not like. The piaster cast was the head of a grin- liing Faun, so stained and dust-covered as so be scarcely recognisable. Beside the dust and grime, tbe Faun was further disiigured by a crack bur i"Ktrl.Y patched. running entirely .-iroiin.l head, cleaving the right* cheek, and slanting downward through the month, and dashed squarely across tiie fact-. 0 That it spattered both eyes, was a hideous black ink spot. Here at last was a c'uie to the mystery. but what it would lead to I could not even conjecture. Was it the shimmering black spot that I had seen so often now which darted across the Faun's face as it set in on the high library mantel between the two portraits'- Perhaps it was only a passing shadow, for someone bad crossed tbe threshold. '•'Fo Cawd. missy, honey, wharboms you git dem tilings:" said Aunt 'Cilia, as she entered. "Better put "em back whar dey come f'm. honey, better put "em back." By this time the old woman had readied the fireplace, and stood looking up at the pictures. "IV li'll Mass:i .lean." she said caressingly. "po" 1 i~13 lamb." "Who is the other bov. Aunt 'Cilia;" 1 asked. "Da's .Massa Pierre, missy, oI" ma lister's odder gran'son." the old woman answered hesitatingly, '•-lean's brother?" I asked. "Xo. no. missy,"' she said quickly: "he's li'll Jean's cousin/' "Tell me about them." "Dere ain't much to tell, missy." she said slowly. "I wish dere was mo". I»ero ain't iioihiii* "tall bui: jess dat de li'll boys lister live here wid id* marster. an" den when ol r marster died, he lef everyr'ing io Pierre an" po' li'll .Tean notbin"." "How long ago lias that been?" I asked. ""Long ago." the old woman answered; '"when de boys was li'll fellers, soon arter dose pictures was painted." "And what has become of tbe boys. Aunt 'Cilia?" "De bawd only knows, honey," she said earnestly. "I wish I did Massa Pierre, be went abroad, an" I "spect he's liyin* dere vet. It's him you rent de house from. He's got mo' houses here, too, what de same agent looks arter. But po' little Massa jean. I wish I knowed where he is, po' lamb. I been tryin' all dese years to fin" out. Ef 1 knowed " The old woman paused abruptly. "If you knew. Aunt "Cilia." I suggested. "what then';" "Xotliin. honey, notbin'." remonstrated the old woman hurriedly, as she left ofl; caressing little Jean's picture and left the room. As the summer advanced it seemed to ine thai the flashiug of the black spot in the library increased. Further, it begaji to follow uic all over the house. L could not get away from seeing it by day or from dreaming of it by night, and it flashed back and" forth " from Pierre's bold, dark face to little Jean's pale one. and thence to the grinning Faun, till 1 felt at hist as if it would run me wild if I could not solve its mystery. Positively the tiling haunted me. One day iu late summer, with the little Amelia for company. I was walking silong through a. narrow street above Caual. "up town:" as we had come to call it. following tbe fashion of our neighbors. It; was hot and sultry, with not a. breath of air to stir the dusty leaves that hung liirtp on the languorous trees. Suddenly, on the hot pavement before me, da need tbe black spot: then waving and skimming it rose and flashed before my eyes, blinding me. I staggered and would have fallen, but the little maid caught me. A. moment later I was on the cool inside of the little shop before which we had been passing, and a kind-faced, blue-eyed, white-haired old man was bending over me, feeling iny pulse. '-You became faint, is it not so, mademoiselle V" he asked gently. "Yes: it is the heat. 1 think." 1 said. "Ah. yes, the beat, no doubt." he said with a smile, "and the malaria." Me gave me something to drink, something that was very cool and very acid, and by a rid by be called a cab findbanded nie into it: as tenderly as if T. had been a child. I glanced back at him as he stood iu the little office door, and read on the window beside the sign painted in gilt letters. -Doctor Jean." When I got home I was si ill very weak, so Amelia brought some pillows aud propped nie up on the leather couch in tbe library, been us.- it was cooler there. Late in the afternoon, when the sun irrept around that way for a farewell touch, the little maid closed the blinds, drew back the red tapestry curtains, and fanned me to sleep. I must have dozed for some time, for suddenly I awoke with a sense of heaviness and oppression. The black spot dashed before iny eyes, then shim-; mered aud danced across the room till it rested, like a scar, blood red. across; tbe face of the Faun, which in another moment fell to the floor with a loud, crash. I remember to have screamed and covered my face with my bands, and then I must have been unconscious- for a long time. When I came io myself I was iu my own room, and the white-Imbed old man from the little uptown office was bending over nie. My aunt was there, too. smiling joyously io see nie coming -round again, and Aunt 'Cilia was turning tbe pillows, while the little maid fanned. "You are much better, mademoiselle, is it riot so?" asked tbe old man iu bis soft French. "Have I been very ill';" 1 asked. "Yes. perhaps, mademoiselle." "Long?" "Three weeks.'" "And tlie black spot -do you know about it?" I asked "You told me while you were, ill." tbe old man answered. "But it is gon<? now." "Tell me about it," 1 said. "It is a long story, and mademoiselle is weak," lie said, gently. "A story about two boys. Pierre and Jean,whose portraits you found in tbe little closet, and about a will that was bidden in the Faun's bead, and which was not found till thai day wheu you were taken ill." "I remember." I interrupted him. '•The Faun's face was clefr with a blood-red scar." The old man smiled. "The Faun's head had been broken." he said, "and mended again with wax. The heat of tlie suii on that hot afternoon melted tbe wax and parted the old clefi. There are fed curtains io rhe library windows. mademoiselle: doubtless, that accounts for the blood-ml sear as the cast fell ill two beb-rc your excited aaze." "But the black spot?" I persisted. "I'd "a' told you 'bout ir betV. Missy, liouev." said Aunt "Cilia, "ef Massa Pierre hadn't : a" hoodooed me. 1 knowed bout it. 'case I wa<s here fo* ft started, an" I heard folks what lib here talk "bout it eber seucc. But Massa Pierre he hoodooed me. an" I's skeered to tell." "I dunuo bow come," the old woman \\\vni on. "bill Massa Pierre was ol" I marstvr's favorite. Look lack Massa. Jea.u v.as too geu'l-- :iu' .rood far to please him," and Aunt 'GUIa turned her eyes in;i3:biy to rht- old whitehaired man bo*idin n way that set me Thinking. "So ol' nia-<ier mek ;; will an' lef' everything i" Massa Pi"nv. Massa Pierre he was ailt«s l-ol" an" reckless, an" one day. when I went dere in de Iibr'ry to tek ol' inarsrc-r a cup o* coffee. Massa Pierre was Gere talklu* to him, ' an" axin" him fur money. An" somehow "mither oV runrster wouluiM let bim bab jr. an" don Pierre got mad an' jerk up de big ink b-.ttlr an' dash it ai marster's bead. It 1:ir him ,-ide de head, den glance an" strike "g'inst dar what you call a Faun, an* splash in de face an' break it open. Den el" marster riz up in bis wrath an" be tell Massa Pierre dat be g'wine disinherit him. an* fur him to leave de bouse. 'Twarn't long arter dat *fo* ol* marstei' died, au" de very day of de funeral, dess as dey's fa kin" the corpse out. Massa Pierre cum walkin" out or do Iibr'ry. au* him been gone since the day marster ordered him off. He had a paper in bis ban" au" look like lie didn't warn the folks to see him. 'case be pulled nie in de Iibr'ry au" shut de do" an* be rub a hoodoo bag on my face aud gin me the paper an" tol" me of I didn't 'stroy it my flesh would rot au" my bones would crumble. Deu he rub me wid de hoodoo bag again, i-.u" when I"come to myself lie's gone au" de folkses was all gone to de funeral. "So dat's when I cram de paper in de Faun's head an" got some wax an* stick it. logedder an' put it away in de li'll closet io keep Massa Pierre f'm findin' it out. Prosen'ly de lawyers come an" foun" de will where ol" marster left everything to Pierre, au* so lie took ii all an* went away, an' li'll Jean he was to have notbin', an the lawyers sent him off to bis ma's kinsfolk, an* ol' Mammy 'Cilia what loved him so. she never heard no mo' f'm him. po" lamb." And again the old woman looked at the little man. "And the paper in tbe Faun's head?" T asked. "'Was tbe second will.'* explained the old man, "leaving everything to Jean." "And are you Joan?"' I asked. "And I am Jean,"' he answered gently: "but: you must go to sleep now. mademoiselle." —"Philadelphia Times." 