HERE AND THERE. Krom the Hillgrove (N.S.W.) • Guardian' : —• Mv Hunt, tbe Inspector o£ Seho ils, was examining the second class in the H llgrove spllool ou Monday list, i:j | resence of a. luctl • clergyman, aad he asked the question, ' Now, wiiy.did God tell Adam and Eve in (he Garden of Eden not to e:it that particular ; fruit V Up went a hand. Well, what is it.'' said the inspector, in doubt pleased to note such rapid intelligence. ' l'lease, sir. beciuse God wanted it himself.' The following is neither a new story nor a true siory, nor is it even an Australian story, but if we do not take it and adopt it to Coolgardie, it is Bayley-street to a bone button it will appea- in next ' Bulletin' as from it* local correspondent. It iB cut from the 'Australasian.' which omits to acknowledge the American paper in which it originally appeared :— Don't question anv thing you hear about the admiaistra'ion of justice in the early days o£ the west,'said the man who ha-) prospected ovei- a large part of it. 1 I've seen men out there acting as magistrates that could neither read, write, nor talk with correc'ness in any languige, 1 ret-al one instance in> near the head o£ Dingo l!reek. While a miner was down at 'lie saloon oue night enjoying himself someone stole Into his tent and du;< up the bags of gold he had buried there. Upon discovery of the theft there was a great hue and cry raised, a progress committee's posse was called in, and a young fellow from the east, little better than a tenkrfuot, wa» arrested for the crime. Jiedidn'tlook guilty or act guilty, Mid there was a good deal of sympathy for him among (he boys. Otherwise the r gular formula of justice might not have been observe I. When the trial came on the young man had a lawyer that he had sent for, and who made it interesting for the prosecutor, who relied largely upon lung power and sledgehammer b'ows. Inside of two hours it was proved by evidence that could not be questioned that the accused had spent the entiic night with a friend at his shanty, three miles from camp. Besides what; the friend swore to, other men had seen the prisoner going out in the evening and returning in the morning. Even the prosecution was gracious en ugh to admit at last that a perfect alibi had been proved. ' Thar's no mistake about.it,' roared, tbe .Court in J order to emphasise his indignation, - it has been proved that this sneakin, slick-tongued hypercrit. has committed a alerlr. I sentence him to six months hard labor.' And it toot ha f a day * to get the # sentence * annulled.' * The weekly 'Clare' ha? developed a vinegarish turn, and now pictures the mildinanuered .-ir John as a hairy-armed political ounug-outaug, an Oom Paul amo gst the down-country Boers, and a man-eater from the Mam bare amongst the Kasterne s. But •John is nothing like tvs bad as all that, and of late he has made signs that he means to be kinder to the units of the 'influx' than he has been. By the way, tne new illustrated has peculiar ideas of its duties to correspondents. In the last issue it writes:—' Ex- Jockey.—Call down and see our Si orting Editor some time. He will no doubt do anything to assist you. Fred Archer committed suicide.' The jockey is shown in the last line a way out. But it aprears from the tenor of the paragraph that if he lacks the courage to follow Fred Archer's exa nple 'he sporting editor will not be unwilling to assist him over the range Tbe breezy Easternness of the pa er makes one long for a season in the city. When an editor places his pickiandle,and himself at tbedisposa' of patrons. there must be frequent variations in the monotony of his delving ' * » ~ « * S ir.e < f (he cutest of cur friends East have been foole 1 by a story that pennies of 1664 were worth 2s 6d at the mint. Many folks bought these wherever they were seen, only to tind that they had no special va ue. but recently a very canny, thrifty Scotchman from a rem te country district, where he keeps a store, called a 1 ; the mint with a bag lull, and on being told that there was nothing in the story, exclaimed, in unbounded astonishment. • What ! Nothing in it !' and then lie exploded, tickled with the exquisite humor of the joke, somewhat to th surprise of the clerk, until the man who had thought to turu an honeBt penny in more ways than one further ejaculated, as he slapped his thigh, 1 An' me, that's been buying them up from the whole country side for the last year at eighteen pence apiece ! But I say. Mister.' he co tinued, ' Don't you let on, and I'll go back with them. The yarn's pretty strong up our way, and if I don't sell tin m all for two shillings each I'll be a bigger fool than I think I am to-day.' * * * * A distinction, with a difference, may be drawn between cyclists and bikists. The horrible word 'bike' has caught on with fashionable cyclists, and biking is gradually growing to mean that perversion of cycling in which the swells at first indulge when green at the pastime. Circus antics, the holding of hands with a friend, the discarding of one's own handles, the ' poker '-back, and the immensely elevated handle-bar are all symptoms of bikists as distinct from the genuine articles. On the other side of the ideal mean, is the scorcher, for whom pace is the only object, He is a milestone hunter one whose nose is ever on the grindstone on his own front wheel, an abuser of eyeing quite as much as, yet how differently from the bikist. The word ' scorcher' has come to be recognised on the Bench, for at the City Summons Court a man was recently charged with 'shooting through a crowd of people and nearly running into a policeman.' He did not actually collide, but the nearness startled the officer, but the thing that weighed with the magistrate was that the man was doubled up, ' not sitting up as a man ought to—what they call scorching.' This brings into being a new offence, that of just escaping collisions, combined with an undignified position. * * * * A society In Memoriam notice from the 'Argus,' August 28, 1897 : — SADLEIR.—In memory of Nicholas Stur- gess Sadlier, third son of Nicholas and Georgina Sadleir, and great-grandson of Henry Davis Hunt, of Cuppah-house, Co. Tipperary, descended from John (de Vere), 16th Earl of Oxford, died 1559, died at Glenelg, South Australia 28th August, 1896. Vero nihil verius ' The trustiest, lovingest, and the gentlest boy.'—Beaumont and Fletcher. 'Misunderstood. And I am led to think God's greatness flowed around our incom- pleteness.'—E. B. Browning. ' Love is all, and death is nought. We fall to rise, are baffled to fight bitter sleep to wake.'—Robert Browning. 'Whom the gods love die young ' ' A Vere of the Fighting Veres.'—' Ludlow Papers,' by T. Carlyle. Oliver Cromwell's Letters. ' I am the resurrection and the life.' This last line makes it appear that One greater than Vere is held in remembrance. * * * * The servant girl ques ion is (c mments an exchange) One of perennial interest, and the recent experience of my friend Mrs Blank with one of her girls is A-orthy of print Matilda was considered a nic?, careful, in- genuous girl, and when she returned from a walk in the park with baby, in a condition bordering on hysteria, and with a young man in charge of the perambulator, there was much anxiety in the house. Matilda had had an adventure. The baby's carriage was attacked in the park by a huge fierce dog, which was on the toint of taking baby like a pill when ' this brave young man' rushed to the rescue, and after a struggle beat off the ravening animal There were signs of the battle on the perambulator and on the young man, and the horo was handsomely rewarded. A week later it was discovered that the valiant youth was a near jektion of Matilda's, and then came evidence that the fierce black d^g was owned by the hero, and finally appeared a former mistress of the ingenuous maid, who had also handsomely rewarded a heroic young man for rescuing her dear baby from the fangs of a furious dog. Matilda ii now rut of an engagement. * * * * We all emile in a superior manner when we hear of some poor innocent from the country having been taken in with the confidence trick ; yet I don't know (writes 'A BC,' in Sydney 'Ilerald) that my ot us can clain to be above the wiles of the careful magsman. There are many degrees, but that is all. One day it is a politician, who, with an assortment of new and original dodges to catch the fancy of ready gulls, captures half the world, and perhaps*sets armies at each other's throats : the next day it is a finarcier. who lias all the retired e'ergy and widowed ladies rushing with feverish anxiety to their cheque-books to invest in hisschemes; the third day comes a frost, a killing frost, in any other form that the ingenious chevalier d'industrie may invent. * * * * Old as the hills are these devices, but they go down, just as the spieler's rich relative from Coolgardie and his match trick came off. Look at the history of a hundred gold rushes, for instance. If you come to probe 90 per cent of them to the deep bottom of human motives, I shrewdly suspect you would find that they have originated in the lay in" together of the heads of very knowin" parties. ' Here is a lovely tract of wild stony ranges,' aays one ; ' we can get a lease of it in perpetuity - no one wants it, it isn't near anywhere—why not have a gold rush now ?' ' H'm,' says the trusty coadjutor, ' a good idea- front lots and to vn sites are what are wanted to make the place go ahead properly.' Shortly after this perhaps someone will find a hundredweight of gold in a ton of dirt, and the world rushes at the bait. Solid ice glaciers, or mud swamps, or granite flats, immediately become real estate carrying inflated values, so that from Klondike to the North Pole or the middle of Africa there will always be found enterprising parties to striive pay dirt in unheard-of quantities * » * * The following timely warning is reported as being conveyel by a citizen of another country to a man with whose methods he did not entirely agree : — ' You got my job, you stole my wife, you it me in the eye - don't go too far !' * * * * The following report of proceedings in a London Couit indicates that the British toiler is not on spealc'ng terms with his own language :— Plaintiff: What do you mean by discharge ? Do you mean give me the sack .' JiHge Bacon: That's it—speak in the vernacular. The Counsel: Did he not tender you the money .' Plaintiff : Tender ! What U tender Judge Bacon : Why use such words ? Did he offer you the money The Coun-cI : Did he not amply remunerate von . Judge Bacon: Oh, don't. (Laughter) Did he not pay you ? Plaintiff : Pay ! He paid another workman with two black eyes. I don't wa-.t black eyes, so I kept away. * * * * On the threatened rabbit invasion, Perth • Herald' writes :—' The dilatoriness that has characterised the Ministry can be explained only on the principle 'de non apparentibus et non existentibus eadem est ratio.' The rabbits have not reached BunburyorNortham —yet; Quite correct, and there is no reason, apparentibun. for the scare, existent i- bus. The rabbitibus will net invade this country to any extent for some time except in the tinibus. and in that state he is harmless. The cabled item that ihe Dutch rirer Cordiang has put up a record of 616J miles in twenty-four hours, must be-taken with caution. To accomplish this feat the cyclist would have been obliged to ride at. the r«te of 25 2-3 miles an hour if he did not dismount. and considerably faster if he stopped for any purpose. The Australian record for 100 miles is 3 hours 54miu 54-60 sees This is Lesna's best paced performance. But 00nsiderable difference between riding 100 and riding 600 miles. The Dutchman s record cannot be accepted. It is more than the train could have done on the lines ol W.A. * * * * TOMPKINS ON KLONDIKE. Come ter the plice where they've got it right come where the treasure's 'id Where a 'at-full of mud is a five-pun note and the clod on yer 'eel is a quid \\\ here yer acratches art. us much a Where the 'ills abovj is bulgin' Klondike ! K1 Klondike Theer s no cl) Tnear's no i_ Pack up yer I An' orf an' ajv; Lots o' clisps they 'as stawt id small, and awterwuds struck it rich, Barght their kerridges, siled their yachts— nutthink's too good fur sich Awmies o' servants, miles o' land, cuttin' the toppical art, Bran-noo paliss to knock Park-line, then • • • • Whsrt was j ,],j n|j in. abarI ! Klondike ! Klondike 1 chinge the subjie' ter Klondike ! Theer's no chawnce in the street terdye, Theer's no luck darn Shoreditch wye J ack up yer traps an' be orf, I sye ' An orf an awye ter Klondike. ' Lots o' chaps they 'as stawtid small and finished it smaller yet. An' the gold as yer warnts ain't got fur nix twixt 'ere an' 'ell. yer bet • Froze ter death, or stawved ter death, or shot in yer tracks yer'11 lie. For one 'ull pick an' come 'ome agen, b.^ twenty 'ull pick an' die. Klondike ! Klondike ! It sticks ter its own, does Klondike. Theer's no chawnce in the street ter-dye freer s no luck darn Shoreditch wye ' An'fur all yer eats yer'as to pye * * « * Old Dr Voul. the Melbourne city coroner was grimly humorous and courageous to the last. Early in his last evening he chatted gaily with his orderly, Senior constahle Davidson, and even expressed his intention ot holding an inquest soon upon a Press leporter, who had a day or two before rung him up in the dead of night for information Later the change came, and Dr Mollison who was sleeping in the house, was summoned to the bedside. The coroner smiled and said, ' It's almost done now. Mollison ' and the doctor saw that it was. Some stimulent—a glass of champagne-was And yei'll find it the sime in Klondike ! • —' London Daily Chronicle.' sought by Df Mollison. and, as he turned to get it, Pr Youl said, If I'm to have it you must be quick. There 1 is not much time' The stimulant was procured and given. The patient drank it, placed the glass upon the table, and. smiling a farewell to his daughter and glancing round upon Dr Mollison and the nurse, the old dictator of the Morgue passed quietly away. * * * w Thomas Day, the author of ' Sandf'ord and Morton,' a book for boyn, was a tenor when young at asking questions. Colonel LOCAwood. P.M., in a sketch of his life, published in the 'Nineteenth CVmnry," says :—' Having just learned to read, and been particularly pleased with the striking descriptions contained in the Book of huvelations, he demanded of his mother and friends more explanation than they could give. Among other questions he propounded, was the slightly inconvenient one of Who was the W of Babylon V Mrs Day concluding that such knowledge was hardly requisite for an infant of tender years, prudently replied that when next the rector of the parish visited the house lie might ask him. trusting that time might cause him to forget the subject, or that shyness might prevent his askiug. Some considerable time afterwards Mrs Hay gave a largish party, including, among other guests, her favorite rector So good an opportunity was not to be lost by Master Day. so, standing before the shepherd, and conspicuously among the flock, he inquired of him in audible tones as to the exact meaning of the disputed passage. Embarrassed and surprised, the unfortunate ecclesiastic fence3 with his juvenile interrogator, and eventually told him that the word was 'allegorical.' This made the matter more perplexing than ever, and little Day, after some consideration, throwing a look of contempt upon the parson, ran up to bis mother and whispered so loud that all the company could hear it, ' He knows nothing about it.' * * * * The news that Mr Henniker Heaton purposes bringing a cricket team of Lords and Commons of England to Australia will be as grateful and comforting to society as an iced squash after twenty seconds dodging the sheets of iron and empty kerosene tins flying round in the centre of a busy willy. * » * * Henniker has had a remarkable share of that luck which follows some men and persistently bears them up when they kick their feet against the loose bricks on life's highway and Bustain a concussion of the toe which throws them out of the race, if not permanently at least for a length of time. He was never regarded as a man overburdened with brains, but he had a considerable share of that gall an t impudence wlrch does duty for the possession of more than average intelligence. Comparatively a few years ago Henniker had no more idea that he would ever during the period that brief life was here his portion be a member of the English House of Commons than that he would at its termination be allotted a corner mansion in the Kingdom of Heaven. He was for a term a clerk in the employ of the Parramatta ^N.S.W.) Council, and officiated amongst other things as rate collector. This, however, need not be closely investigated. Subsequently he canvassed for advertisements for Sydney 'Evening News,' and while in that humble, though profitable ofln-e. made the acquaintance of his employers daughter. He married her eventually, and wuen in the fulness of time .Sam Bennett became a ghost and the lady benefited substantially under his wili. Henniker went to England and put on sty'e. How he managed to secure the confidence of the electors of Canterbury (Eng.), is best known to himself, but that he did so his present political position proves. He is a man with a fad. He desires to see a penny stamp made competent to carry an ordinary letter from England to any British possession. When that day rlawhs, Henniker will order his 'nunc diraittis' to be sounded, and send in a written application for his harp and halo. As has been said he was never suspected of having so much bra'ns that if he hung by the cummerbund over a fence his head would first hit the ground. Vet he succeeded in life, and is now a man of substance aDd weight in the community. Chiefly, of course, through acting upon the suggestion of the poet — " Do not marrv for money. Hut go where money is " Had he married in his own class he would today, probably, have been pottering about Sydney in boots which were chiefly laceholes soliciting the patronage of citizens dvsirous of making their wants or wares kmwn to men. The moral contained in th s brief resume of his career reeds no enlargement. The poorest man is not the one who has the least, but he who wants the most. Trying to look like a sheeo has never yet produced any wool on the back of a goat. 