m. jxmmmwFmwmm LAWYERS. It most always bo-intereeting to lawjera-to- heer tho opinions of auiatriligsnt lsyoonon; them andrtbeir pHifesaion.espeoialty when the layman is one with thexebush-.gaad<senae«f« Dr. Johnson, for too many laymen -teUr-sad. trasbobeot tbe law andiits professors. Even men like -the poet Wordsworth, himself thonoo of a country solicitor, could'- write like this in " AtFoet's Epitaph " : — " A lawyer art toon ?— draw not nigh ; Go carry- to some other plane .y-'V ' The keennoss ot that practised eyft The hardness of that sallow face." -6 This kind of abase 'is cheap ; retaliation' easy : — " A poet art thon ? Ecareorow fly, ' And carry to some ether clime V' The frenzy of that roiling eye, The twaddle of that tuneloss rhyme. Johnson was full of prejudice, bat on law and lawyers ho wss remarkably lucid and just. " Lawyers, ho said, " know lite practically. A bookish man should always have them to converse with. They have what he wants." It is a curious fsot that at the sge of -fifty-six " the great lexicographer," as Miss Finkerton in " Vanity Fair " delighted to call him, had actually composed a prayer —and a very good one, too— that his study of it might be sancti fied " to direot the doubtfnl and instruct the ignorant, to provent wrong and terminate con tention." It is a matter for real regret that he never carried out his design. Haw well we can picture tho ponderous doctor aB a learned Queen's (or rather King's) Counsel, refining on his points to the Court, or haranguing a jury, whilo " words of wondrous length and thunderiug sounds " amazed tbe gaping occu pants of tbe jury-box ! A friend of Dr. Johnson once said that he was like a ghost, who never spoke until he was spoken to— tho truest description of him, tbe doctor said, ever given ; aud it is to the initi ative of tbe inquisitive Boswell— of course, the ndmirablo showman — that we owe tbe doctor's diute on law and lnwyera. Boswell wis going to the English Bar, or rather playing at it, and a gay friend, he said, bad advised him against being a lawyer, because he wenid be excelled by plodding blockheads. " Why, sir," eaid Dr. Johnson, " in tho formulary and statutory part of the law a plodding blockhead may excel, hot in the ingenious and ratioual part of it a plodding blookhvad can never exoel." " You must not indulge, " went on the doctor, " too ssnguiuo hopes should you be railed to our Bar. I was told by a vory sensible lawyer that'thero are a great many chances against auy man's success in the profession of the law. The can didates are so numerous aud those who get large practice are so few. He said it was by no meaus true that a man of good parts and ap plication is sure of having business, though he, indeed, allowed if such a man could but appear in a few causes his merit would be known, and ho would get forward ; ' and that the great risk was that a man might pass half a life-time in tho courts and never havu au opportunity of showing his abilities." This is as much a melan choly truth to-dsy as it was a hundred years ago. " What means may a lawyer legitimately use to get on r" Nice questions of - casuistry arise. " A gentleman, ' says Boswell, " told me that a countryman of his and mine, Weddorburn— sftenvards Lord Loughborough —who had risen to emincnee in the law, had, when first making his wsy, solicited him to get bim employed in city causes." Johnson : " Sir, it is wrong to stir op law suits ; bat when once it is certain that a law suit is to go on, there is nothing wrong in a lawyer's endeavouring that he shall have tho benefit rather than another." Boswell: "You would not solicit employment, sir, if you were a lawyer ?" Johnson : " No, sir ; but not beoause I should think it wrong, but because 1 should disdain it." Tbis is a good distinotion which will be felt by men of just pride. He proceeded : " However, I would not hare a lawyer to be wanting to himself in using fair means. I would have bim to inject a little hint now and' then to prevent bis being over looked.' This is a very tolerant view ot professional etiquetto. When the great Duohess of Marl borough called at young Murray's chambers end found him out— wo may presume he was en gaged in drinking champagne with hia nits— tho imporious dame said, on meeting bim next : " Young man ! if you want to rise in your pro fession you must not sup out." Boswell bod an uneasy leeling that he must give up supping out, and he put it to Jobnsou whether n very extensive acquaintance in London might not bo prejudicial to a lawyer. Said Johnson : " Sir, yon will attend to busi ness as business lays hold of you. When uot actually employed you may see your frionls as much as you do now." Sir Matthew Hale once said that it was as great a dishonour as a man were capable of that he should be hired for a little money to say otherwise tbsn he thought. But the truer and juster view of the ethics of advocacy is well ex pounded by Johnson. Bosnell feared tbattbe affectation of warmth in a client's cause might produce habitual dissimulation. " Why, uo, sir, a man who is paid to tumble — tho metaphor is not flattering to tbe lawyer —will not go ou tumbliog when he is not to be paid for it," Lawyers cultivate the diffusor graces of rhetoric. They are sometimes accused evon of garrulity. " It is unjust, sir, said Johnson, " to censure lawyers for multiplying words when they argue. It is often noorssary for tbum to multiply words. This, ' (ho stid), referring to Bomo point) " you must enlarge on when speaking to the Committee (of tho House of Commons). You must not argue there as if you wero arguing in the schools. Close reason ing will not fix their attention. Yon must say tbe same thing oyer and over again in difiereut words. If you say it but onto they miss it in a moment of inattention." 