CHAPTER II. But it was Moore and not Hugh who acted cieenmu on that visit to Ihmglus. Within the entrance of the stately red brick hospital on the hill, overlooking the bay, the j trio from Peel met the artist just bidding J farewell to its friendly walls, but when Moore i learnt. Margery had come thither hoping to j view its interior, ho insisted upon postponing ! liis own departure to await her pleasure, and leu the way into the little committee- room of! the hull with a cordiality which won Ivuneen on the instant. "Oh, yes; I have quite recovered," lie answered the hitter's anxious inquiries. " It wits merely a case of shock aud bruises. I must say, Kaneen, your island did not! welcome tne very ni'-ely. I was pitched j down headlong uud taken here quite un- I conscious, it seems. Bat your tine hospital! lias made up for it. The doctors advised me to rest here overnight, and really I have never j been more comfortable in mv life," he broke; otf now with a laugli. I "Wo Manxmen are proud of our hospital," j .said Kuneen, well pleased. <{And I doubt nor equally proud of the gracious donor who has so generously shown ins appreciation of vou." said Moore, possessed the happy tact of saying just the right thing in the right place. Kaneen looked, as lie felt, flattered. Yviien Hugh and Margery reappeared it was evident the good impression was mutual, for Moore insisted they should all take lunch and dinner at his hotel with him. "Miss Kaneen," he appealed to her who: her father demurred, "in token of ou fellowship on hoard the King Orry, hav pity on me. I hear you are going to Goudle and the Palace. Kow, my hotel is most conveniently situated for both. I iutend going to both, and I should be delighted to go in your company." After that the invitation was accepted, warmly 0:1 lvauceu's part, and i flu>h of pleasure by* Margery. The faseina >:i of Moore's manner was irresistible, while that impromptu lunch proved liim a perfect host. Perhaps Hugh alone experienced a vac sense of disappointment at bis presence, v. Moore who found Margery a seat ou the open electric ear which passed the iiotel gates en route for Laxev, then took the place by her side, whilst Katieeu and Hugh followed in the remaining closed car, for they were filled to overflowing on this glorious morning. It was Moore who reaped the benefit oi Margery's bright euthusiasm as they crept up the brow of the cliff overlooking the channel aud silvery bay hundreds of feet below. It was Moore to whom she confided scraps of folklore, when, Grondlo reached, the quartette made their way into the lovely glen, and following the course of the stream along the ravine path way. where two could barely walk abreast, reached the headland, whero to Margery's, girlish delight, Me-k brawn soils were dis porting themselves in the picturesque, artifici ally-enclosed. arm of the sea. whereupon j Moore himself fetched biscuits from the tea- : room close by to tempt the timid creatures on to the ttjeks for her amusement. It was all so novel, so exhilarating, this simple Manx ■ girl's talk, so unlike that of the society dames with whom Moore usually conversed; her fresh voung innocence held him >pc!lbj;md. The revelry was at its height within the brilliantly lighted Palace when th-v passed through "the electric-lit grounds that night. : and piesently went up to vents in the circular gallon- beneath tl>e great g:a.-s demo. To Margery's bewildered gaze. the immense ball room with its six or nun? thousand waltzing figures .vemed a fairyland peopled with knights and nymphs of a magic world, which a lull in the orchestra barelv disillusioned into a bevy of Lancashire lads and lasses in blazer jackets and straw lmts, aud the cheap flash of femiuiue finery. Even Moore, who had seen most of the dancing palaces of Europe, confessed to it feeling of her wonder. "And were I but Phonodcree I should be tempted to coax so fair a fairy us yourself to join in it," lie whispered, with that, gallantry which more than once hud coloured Margery's I cheek that day, I 44 Oh, yes, it's a very flue room," Kanoen was saying, somewhat reluctantly, " :t very fine room—eighteen thousand square feet, I: believe—but I can't say I approve of this : | and oh, the evil of that drinking' bar outside, i open to entice these simple young folk when . they come out.'* The clocks were chiming half-past 10 when Moore said goodbye at the Palace gates. The huge bay lay asleep, bathed in the deep blue of shadow, outlined by the thousand lights which blazed on the margin of its scmi-circie from Punks' Howe to Douglas Head. A glare of electricity revealed the balconied tower of Moore's Hotel on Onchan Point. Below the red and blue and yellow of divers illuminations scintillated on the glass roof of Derby Castle, while midway upon the cliff's dark heights, above the richly wooded Castle Mo:;a Hotel, once the lordly home of the Dukes of Athol, the white turrets of the pavilion of Falcon Cliff loomed like two phosphorescent ghosts against the dark gray of sky. Now and then, with rhythmical regularity, the revolving signal from the harbour lighthouse flashed out and lit up the dark rocks of the Tower 01 Refuge and the fishing smacks at anchor. The air was heavy with the odour of brine. From the promenade catne the hum of revelry and the tread of many people passing on their wuv, the tinkle of tramcars as they shot by in endless succession. The world of Douglas was here still at the zenith of its life. 411 have been to many places and seen many things," Moore said as lie lingered to wrap Margery's cloak over her white bodice, "but to-day you have given me for memories what I can never forget." than what the words implied ; "but Margery's answer came with pretty compuuetive shyness. 44 And still and for all this is not Manx," was what-die said, 44 and I think I like our world best." "Ah!" broke in K-meen, you mn-t come to Peel, man: we'll give you the real atmos phere there." '•I will come," said Moore, warmly, as he stepped on t j a passiug car. 