PUBLISHED DAILY. ECHUCA : WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14TH, 1897. THE POWER TO AMEND MONEY BILLS. Tl ia a pity tli t tho elements of discord be tween the larger States and the smaller ones should be making theinsolvos eo plainly felt in the Convent ion upon tho respective power." of the Mouse of representatives and the States A-tsumbly in regar.l to money bills It is an element that, if not checked is likely to thwart tho federation movement and throw it back possibly a generation. Tho smaller States are naturally keen upon the question of fina'Cial expenditure and they do not want to be run into a federation which would mean oppression, in a financial sense, in the futuio. Tho pnwors they seek to obtain in the amending of money bills are largo ones if we are to. judgo by the history if Upper Houso representation in the colonies. The possession of such powers would create prao tically a co- ordinate position between the two Houses and in financial questions it is feared that these might lead to constant friction in tho legislation of the two Houses in tho future. Tho representatives of Victoria and New South Wales appear to bo strongly opposed to granting any such privileges, but the representatives from three smnllor colonies having become united hold tho balance of voting power, and if nothing can persuade thom from the courso they have laid down, tho right of tho StiteB Assembly which has been carried in Constitutional Gommitteo rooms will bo endorsod in tho committeo of tho wholo Convention. Sir John Forrest, tho Premier of Western Australia, who is loading tho smaller colonic, has sought for and obtained 1the sanation of thn Convention to have tho clauses relating to monoy bills brought up and dealt with first, instoad of t illing tlio bill in its regular order. The concession was obtained from the Convention somewhat un-v willingly and would perhaps have boon opposed moro strongly by Uio represents lives of Victoria and Now South Wales, but that it was desired not to logo tlmo and tho reflection that tho controlling power was roally exorcised by the representatives of tho smaller colonios. It has been said that Sir John Forrest and his collouguos ropreaont ing West Australia are merely nominees and not the representatives of tho people of that colony, but we have both Tasmanian nnd South Australian representatives fighting side by side with tho West Australian dele gates nnd they are not nominees. It is a question which ought, however, to be approached in a dispassionate manner and a Coiapromiee such as wo suggested yesterday that power might be taken by the States Assembly to suggest amendments should ba adoptod. It certainly would involve com plications for a federal government if the majority of tho States Assembly members re presenting some 650,000 eleotors and £4,600,000 revenue were placed in a posi tion to dominate the representatives of colonios with 2,500,000 eloctorB, arid representing some £17,000,000 in re venue. - lb has to' be remembered also that if Sir John Forrest and tho representatives of tho smaller colonies carry their point now it will be upset later on. In the meantime valuable time is being lost. The West Australian reprerentation . must leave for homo this week as the elections for the colony are coming on next month. It is quite possible these elections may result in a different Assembly being constituted in the West and this might to lead to some newer views from Wesb Australia when the conference does re-assemble. THE HOLIDAYS.-In accordance with our uaual custom there will be no issue of the RIVERINE HERALD on Friday next (Good Friday), but thi> office will be opened at 7 p.m., to receive advertisements, etc , tor Saturday's publication. THE WEATHER,-The weather yesterday morning was of a re-asauring charaoter, as a Equally rain Bet in about ten o'clock and con tinued for about an hour. The weather afterwards cleared up and aa the afternoon grew the signs of more rain became loss apparent. Nino points were registered. EOHDOA LIOBNBINO COURT.-An applica tion was made by Mrs O'Bryan to sell liquor at the Catholic Sports on Easter Monday. The application was granted by Mr P. J. Dwyer, Licensing Magistrate, yesterday. AFFIDAVIT COMMISSIONER- His Honor, Sir John Madden, Chief Justice, has ap pointed Mr F. N. H. Atkyne, of the firm of Atkyns and Thompson, barristers and solicitors,' HiRh-atroet, a "commissioner of the Supreme Court of Victoria for taking affidavits. Two UNFORTUNATE SHIRES.-The Benalla Shire has a bank overdraft of over £3000, and all works have been stopped in oonse quenoe. This Indebtedness is greater than that of the Shepparton Shiro, the bank overdraft of which was reported as being a little over £1,700 at the laBt meeting, but owing to the difference in the size of the Bhirea the proportion of bank overdraft to revenue ia greater in the oase of Shepparton than in that of the neighbouring shire. THE QOEEN'S REIGN.-At Monday's; meet ingof the Moama Municipal Couooil the Mayor (Aid W. J. Martin) brought forward an idea of celebrating (ha reign of Quoen Victoria by presenting medals in recognition to the pupils attending the Moama School. Aid. Mapperson favored the idea, providing the Tatilia school was included. Aid Kinsey suggested ft treat for the children by pro viding a picnic, combined with the presenta* tion of the medals. The whole council was unanimous in the idea. Further consideration however, was left, over till next meeting. Aid Mupparson stated li« would allow the use of his paddock, and provide hot water., Mr Blair said he would give a lantern entertainment in the evening, Should the proposal be decided on, the schools surround ing Moama will be invited, the Oummera gunja children being included. Thn idea Is a good one, and should bo appreciated by tho children. A BABY Snow.-At the request of a num ber of intending exhibitors, and In order to secure a thoroughly intercolonial representa tion, it has been deoided to extend the time for receiving entries for the baby show in connection with tho Druids' Gala at the Exhibition Building, Melbourne, till 6 p.m. on Saturday, 17th April, when they positively clo^o. Entry forms will bo sent by post to any address, and entrios will be reooived by tho secretary, Mr J. J. Brenan, Grattan and Drummond streets, Oarlton, Melbourne, either by post or personally. The entrance fee IB only 2s 6d. The greatest care and attention will bo given to the tender exhibits by duly qualified nurBes, engaged by the committee, whilo tho judging will be done by leading Melbourne physicians. Tho prize for tho best tempered, the prettiest, and tho best dressed child will bo awarded by tho votes of the visitors to tho Exhibition on Thursday and Friday, 22nd and 23rd April, when the show takes place, or.ch visitor re ceiving a voting coupon, ao that he or she in'iy record their votes. Tho tickets for tho Art Union, which entitle tho holder to a chanco of winning £1,000 for Is, will also udmit to tho Baby Show, and may be had on application-1 for Is, 11 for 10s, and 23 for 20s, on receipt of P.O. order, postal note, or I stamps, sent to tho secretary,' Mr J. J. | Bronan, Grattan and Drummond streets, Carlton, Melbourne. AN APPARENT ANOMALY.-To a resident of the Goulburn Valley it seems very much like carrying coals (o Newcastle that New South Wales should send fruits into Victoria by way of Echuca. Yet (says the Sheppurton News) according to the Customs returns for the past-quarter this is the cane. Mr E. H. M'Guinesb reports that during the three months ending March 31st we imported through Echuca from New South Waled dried fruits to the value of £147, while our bill against them for fresh fruit for the same period was only £114. Considering the un profitableness of the Victorian markot to our own growors. it is more than passing strange that an arid district like the western Riverma 1 should send dried fruits into this colony not withstanding tho duty, and that tho free trade markets of tho B<\mo territory should absorb only £114 worth of fresh fruits when our growers complain of tho unprofitable ness of the homo market. [Vfr M'Guiness, with his uniform courtesy, has supplied u« with particulars regarding this item. Tho fruit, consisting of 145 boxes of iaislnp, camo from Gol Gol (N.S.W.), and waB oonveyed through Perraowao, Wright and Co, to Mosars Virgoe, Son and Chambers. It passed through the colony In bond for ex portation. The dutyon fruits "dried and pre served from decay by any process" is 3d per lb.] ilcnooA SUB TREASURY- Accounts for the following are awaiting payment at tho local Sub-Treusury J Andoraon> A Burtouclay, I) Davis, S Lancaster (2), H M'Loiman, T M'Gowan, H M'CulIooh, H Moorhouse, J \V FopSj A Taylor, A Thomson, I) Webb, Charles Walker. CROWN GRANTS AND LEASES.-Tho follow ing Crown Grantw and Leases are awaiting I delivery at tho Receipt, and Pay Office, I Echuca : - Crown Grants. - Bechdolt and others, J Clancy, G Konriok, J M Higuotfc, | L Llowellun, H Male, H Jonos, W Howard, I Peace, Rl'Lure and Thompson. Leases awaiting delivery-P O'Brien, W Doherty, I K ltigney, S O'Rourke, D Dwyer, P Fehiing. j M'Crum, H Smith (2). Leases-unexecuted. -T Lewis, Thop.J M'Mahon, T M'Conaohy, [ Saiji JJi^ll. A WELCOME. - ResidontB of Eohuca seemed to heartily appreciate the action of the Victorian Police Band in foregoing part of their, annual loavo to visit Eohuca and perform at tho sports to-day on behalf of charity. There was a largo crowd at tho train and the band was met by officers of tho fete committee and heartily cheered. They marched to Ohambors' rooms, where refresh ments wero partaken of. The Roy J, 0. Johnstone, M.A., as President of the hospital, extended to them a cordial weloome and dwelt on their reputation for assisting in tho causB of charity. He thought they put their talents to a noble use and trusted their visit would he a pleasant ona. Mr A. W. H. White, M.L.A., welcomed the band on behalf of the eitizens of Echuca, and also paid them a high compliment for thoir actions in regard to charity. Mr" Ogilvie, ohairman of the band, replied in a very Heat speech, and told those present tho members of tho band heartily appreciated the cordial welcome given by Eohuca. He attributed the band's talents to Mr Riley, the band master, who, he said, was second to none in tho colony. Mr Griffiths, tho seoretary, also replied in suitable terms- The band consists of 32 members. EASTER MONDAY CONCERT.-On Easter Monday night th« annual concert in con nection with the Catholio Sports will be held, as is notified in another oolumn. The programme is a capital ona, including the best vocal talent from this district and a number of prominent Bendipo singers. The items are sufficiently varied to form an especial attraction, and the concert gives the publio an opportunity of passing a most pleasant evening. AN ESOATE PROM FIRE.- A sensation of a novel character was narrowly averted on Monday night about half past eight o'clook. The lire bell rang out an alarm in announce ment of the fire at Mr J. Collins,' Echuca East, and about that time a fire broke out in the stables of the Cumberland Hotel, of whioh Mrs Hart is the licensee. Some of btokes' empolyes, who board next door, discovered the fire and, after some trouble, put it out, otherwise the novel speotacle of GWO fires raging in Echuca at the same time would have been witnessed. The hotel is situated in a thickly populated part of Hare street, and, as tho reel was away from the Central station, had the flames gained ascen dency, the result might have been aorioim. ALLEGED LAROENY OP LIQUOR.-Yesterday morning,- about half-pa6t eleven o'clock, a most impudent robbery was perpetrated at the Union Club Hotel. Mrs O'Bryan, the licensee, was seated In the bar parlour when she heard a noise in the bar and saw a'raan leaving the premises with two bottles of liquor in his possession. She hailed him and took the bottles from him, and he at once made off, rushing around Peroy street. In formation was given to the police, and Con stables Warren and Steinfort followed In the direction tho man had taken. They arrested a man named Patrick O'Brien and oharged him with the offence. Mrs O'Bryan missed Four bottles of liquor altogether-two of brandy and two of whisky-but when the arrest was made no liquor was found on O'Brien. Ho will be presented at the polioe court this morning. THE VICTORIAN POLIOP. BAND.-The fol lowing programme will be played this after noon at tho sports ground: - March, " Light Brigade" (Bailey); selection, " II Trova toro" (Verdi); waltz, "Think of thee," (Ord Hume); seleotion, " Maritana" (Wal lace) ; duet polka, "Thrush and blackbird," (Reynaud), Messrs Griffiths and Riley; quadrille, "Merry May" (Rimmer); cornet solo, " Oavatina," from II Barbiere (Rosini); waltz, " Casino Tanze," (Gungl); selection, " Mose in Egitto," (Rosini); grand pro cessional maroh, " Tiie silver trumpets,'' (Viviani); inter-mezzo, " Hypatia," (Ord Hume) j march, "The Challenge" (Ord Hume) ; National An'hem. Mr T. Riley will oonduct. FIRE INSURANCE-It i! currently rumoured ' hat a woll'known firo insuranco company having an agency in Echuca has given notice to some of its policy holders that their policies will not be rene wed at tlioir yearly expiration. The agent of the company roferred to was seen yesterday, and he stated that, whilst he had not received any instructions with regard to the withdrawal of the agoucy from Echuai, he was not in a position to give information as to the action of tho company at present. It is known that the company has b ien heavily struck through fires in Echuca during this year. * THE EOIIUCA EAST GHOST.-During the past week or so stories of a "Spring-heeled Jack" at Echuca East served to frighten the juveniles of the town, and some older people were prepared with testimony aa to the eccentric movements of a white figure, which, like the headless horseman in the "Legend of Sleepy- Hollow," has been invested with *11 aorta of shapes and sizes. Some few nights ago two or three residents of the East aut out with the determination of giving his ghostship a warm reception, but it appeirs that their mission proved a vain one» How' ever, the spectre has not shown up Binee. "EXTRAS" IN THE PUBLIC SKKVIOE.-The Age of yesterday has an "article on the extras,' received by public servants. The bald statements, which we give without comment, are interesting :-The clerk of the Executive Council gets £450 a year, bub for indexing the "Government Gazette" that official receives £118 a yt'ar extra. The head of the police force gets £900. In addition he receives £lo0 for honso rent and £40 I'or a groom. Putting the matter into a nutshell, 4103 public officers draw, either in ci»sh or kind i'91,166 from the taxpayers in addition I to their scheduled salaries. > DKSTHUCTI N OP -Tnn WOULD IN 1899.- I Professor Forester, direotor of the Berlin Observatory, publishes an interesting article on the prophecy respecting the dostruotion of the world in 1899. In consequence, ho says, of misrepresented scientific pronounce ments, many people fear untoward results from the impact of the earth with a large I swarm of those heavenly bodies, which will take place in November, 1899. Such collisions hove taken place with oat entailing any damage to the eiri,h'8 surface. It is quite true that a comet is travelling in the same path ns those huavtmly bodies, and it crossed the orbit of the earth two months later than they did, namuly.in January, 1807. In 1899, however, the distance of the earth from this crossing point will bo still greater; bnt oven should the Impact with this comet tako place at the spot it would not be serious. In cnnsequence, there is not the slightest ground for apprehension respecting 1899 as far a i mankind a1) a whole is concerned. OF COURSE YOU KNOW that Ising'a is the loading house for stylish Dressmaking. PERHAPS YOU DON'T KNOW that wo are goiug to make a magnificent show of MilUnory on Saturday, March 20th. YOU OUGH1' TO KNOW that Ising'a ia tho cheapest and best plaoo for blankets, speoially imported. The I.O.R. are requested by advertise* menfc elaowhoro to meet at 9.30 o'clock at the Torapecmco Hall. MR W. BALL, Surgeon Dontist, Millewa Chambora. Surgery open daily 9 a.m. to G p.m. [Advt]. 