CURRENT EVENTS. The football season was opened on Satur day under the most delightful anspices. The Godwood Handicap, run for on Saturday at Adelaide, was won by Orient. Mr. Herbert Gladstone denies that his father has taken to cycling, ansd declares the story a hoax The prize:winier at the Maitland Show in the Durham fat oxen class was parchased by Mr. E. Wilson, of the Great Northern Butchery, Newcastle. To enable all olasses to contribute to the Prince of Wales' hospital scheme. it has been decided to issue Is and 2s 6d stamps, which contributors can purchase. Lord Charles Beresford says that the British naval authorities are making real progress, and have a definite plan of cam paign should war come. We have receive a brochure entitled "The Brewer's Ghost," and written by Command ant Booth. The story is designed to show the abuses of the drink traffic. The Rev. Richard James Bond, Vicar of Devonport, England, has been appointed to succeed the late Canon Kemmis as incum bent of St. Mark's, Darling Point. In the ericket match to decide the second junior premiership, betweexi the Railway abd Bnrwood olubs, the former scored 245 rins, and the latter have lost two wickets for 38 rmns. Mr. Gerald Herring, late assistant Under Secretary of the Mines Department; who is going on a trip to England, was "fare welled" by the officers of the department on Friday. 'In connection with the vehicle collision near the Waratah railway station on Friday night, it; now transpires that one of the ocu pants of the trapnhad a lighted lamp in his hand at the time of the occurrence. A man named R. Herron, employed 'it Messrs Morrison and Bearby's iron foundry at Carrington, was treated at the hospital yesterday for injuries caused by his having been knocked down by a 'bus. As the result of a quarrel on the steamer Nithsdale yesterday an Indian naried Sabbo Bin Japartie will appear before the Court this morning to answer a charge of unlaw fully assaulting one Lenia Bin Polleh." Mr. L C. B. Jones, M P., was entertained at a banquet by his constituents at Petersham on Friday night, on the ooeasiori of his de parture.for England. Mr. Jones says he is going to show Mr. Reid round in London. The funeral of the late Mr. F. Brunker, which took place at the Maitland' General Cemetery yesterday, was attended by a large number of representative Newcastle citizens, who journeyed thither by the 3 p.m. train. The neceessry preliminaries for the George street tramway are proceeding, and a large portion of the rails have already been shipped in England, The Rose Bay and Willoughby extensions of existing lines are being pushed forward qnuickly. The Rev. Joseph Campbell is resigning the positions of inuonmbent of St. Nicholas, Coogee,-and prinoipal of the Randwiok Col lege in order to undertake the supervision of important 'mining operations in New Zea land. Mr. W. St. John Brodrick, Parliamentary Secretary to the War Office, speaking at the annual dinner of the Institution of Civil Engineers, said that the British Army did more fighting and said less about it than any other army in the world. Six doctors performaed an operation on a woman named Mrs. Fox, of Catherine Hill Bay, at the Newcastle Hospital last night, removing a big-sized gallstone from her intes tines. The patient was conscious at a late hour last night, and is expected to make a complete recovery. Messrs. Wilson and Powell, the members .of Sthe Pubiic Service Board now in 'Newoastle, chiefly with the object of prosecuting their inquinries into' the marine boards of the colony, were onSaturday taken around the harbour by Captain Newton in the harbour master's launch. The Commissioners will probably leave Newcastle for the north on Tuesday, and allow their proposed inquiry into the Hunter District Water Supply and Sewerage.Board to stand over until their return. iThe ainistr for W or?s is inviting tenders for the constroution of a line from the present system of railway to Darling Island. Arrangements are being carried out for the transfer of land for the. Tamworth-Manilla line, and the plant is being sent forward fir the Nevertire-Warren railway, which is to be done by day .labour. The Poblic Works Committee having rejected the proposed line to Broken Hill, the Minister is now consider ing a sobeme for building it in sections, the firat seotion to be from Condoboljn to Euaba long. Thet Marcquis of Saliebury's recent visit to France has created an improved feeling between France and England. The Times Paris correspondent states, apparently with good authority, that Lord Salisbury and M. Hanotans recognise more* grounds for affinity than divergence between the two countries. The Temps, in describing Lord Salisbury, says: "His mind is one of the most masouline, his understanding one of the broadest, and his reasonone of the clearest and meet luminous of his country and age." " Gentlemen," said Mr. J. F. Barns, of New South Wales, at the recent meeting of the Colonial Life Assurance Society in Mel bourne, " Gentlemen, let me impress upon you the necessity and importance of adver tising in connection with a society like ours. Every time another great life- assurance, so ciety does anything of consequence it lets the publio know all aboat-it by advertising, it in the newspapers. ,, It takes every opportunity of.keeping itseif -and its work well before the publie, and so reaps the reward of its enter prise. Consequently, I say we cannot place too much importance in judicious adver tising." The meeting evidently endorsed Mr. Buarns's remarks. SMr F. W. Christian, corresponding mem ber of the Polynesien Society, Wellington, New Zealand, and who has spent some time in the Philippines, the Marquesas, and other island groups, discovered a number of ancient ruins, covered with junglo growth, in many places visited by him. These resemble the roemains of buildings and monuments both in Easter Island and Central America, and Mr. Christian believes thait a chain of communi cation was maintained, by means of Micro nesia, extending from India and Easterna Asia to America. Mr. Christian is soon to leoture in Sydney on his Itravels, and 1ill probably visit Newcastle later on. The \- traveller, and explorer (who.:is, by the way, connected:- by family ties with the Hanter. , iver djstriet) has much to say regarding the : results oflSpanish occupation oin the Philip i pines and' pf the rebellion which has .forso Slonga period given troeba in theagroup. : - A comqplete programme for the Governor's reception and subsequent entertainment has been forwarded to his Exoellency. The'ship Nixe, now at Melbourne, eomes on to Neweastle to load coal for the West Coast through Keaers. Dalgety and Co. The. pavement opposite the Newcastle Superior Publio School, Tyrrel-street, is in a disgraceful state, and should be attended to by the authorities without delay. Colonel. Bell, the American. Consul in Sydney, has written a volume of verses, entitled " Alone." It is not likely to set the world on fire, according to the critics. Turkey, according to the English press, has repeatedly pressed the Russian Ambassadbr to explain the presence of large and increas ing numbers of eussian troops on the frontier of Asiatic Turkey. The banquet to the Premier by the citizens of Sydney prfor to his departure for Eng land to represent the colony at the Record Reign celebrations will take place in the Sydney Town Hall to-night. The Court of Appeal in Ireland has ruled that a legacy to clergymen tpo heave masses said for the repose of the testator's and his wife's souls is a charity and not subject to legacy duty. Mr. Gee. Stewart, of Wallseend, Was su-. cessful with his pony stallion at the Maitland Bhow. In the parade. which took place in the afternoon the pony, hareessed to a first prize sulky. weeas greatly admired, and the condition of the youngster did the owner a deal of credit. The Under-Seeretary of the Department of Justice has written to the Licensing Beach of magistrates in Newcastle, stating that on and after slet inst., applicants for permits to have musicsor dancing in licensing premises must pay a court fee of 2s 6d instead of 8d, to go to the Consolidated Revenue Fund. The vice-regal wedding presents have been on view in the window of a Sydney jcweller's shop, and they have attracted thousands of visitors. Lady Cooper's gift to her son's wife includes a diamond necklet, containing 38 stones of the first water, and it is valued at £16,00. The other numerous articles of jewellery are also exceedingly valuable. The Hamilton naval fair, which is to ter mintate this evening by a bruce anotion, has resulted in the debt on the Sacred Heart school being rednuced by £317. The Rev. I. O'Donohoe is so delighted with this result that he has decided to entertain the stall holders and some friends at a social in the schoolroom to-morrow evening. The Government have had under considera tion the question of how best to celebrate the Queen's record reign: A board of advice has been formed, consisting of Mr. Oritchett Walker(PrincipelTUnder-eoretary). Mr. teos bery (Inspector-Generalof Police), Mr. Hick. son (Under-Seeretary for Works), and Mr. J. J. Calvert (Clerk of Parliaments) Mesers E. 8. Holland and W. 3. Ellis, hen. secretaries of the Governor's reception committee, have received a telegram from Mr. F. Kirkpatrick, Under-Secretary for Finance and Trade, stating thait the 250 flags will be supplied as requested. The order given to the Misses Horf has therefore been cancelled. This means a saving of £56 or £7. Mr. Purves, the leader of the Victorian bar, has ideas of a bush courtship which are in no sense idyllio. Addressingthe Court in a recent case he said: '" He rides over on horseback to his sweetheart's house, hangs up his horse to the nearest post, leaving it to pursue a miserable aed aimless existence, then goes insioe and sits like a fool beside the kitchen fire,' watching the girl cook, while both say nothing." A novelty in rowing boats is being made by the Pneumatic Row Boat Company, of New York. The boats are composed of waterproof convas and rubber, in four dis tinct airtight compertments. They-are built in four cizes 7ft to 16ft, and have wooden or air cushion seats as desired, with metal row looks and wood base, bhckled into an upper air chamber. It is stated that two or three of these boats of ordinary size can be carried in an average travelling trunk. The recnt long-distance railway run in the United States was-certainiy a tribute of praise to the Chicago, Burlington,; and Quinoy railroad. The train was dispatched at barely half an hour's notice, and no special preparations of any kind were made, the engines used being those most readily avail able. The average speed on the run, in clusive of stops, was 543 miles per hour, but if the time occupied in the various detentions is deducted, the speed works out at 57-54 miles per hour. Engines were changed eight times during the ran of 1025 miles. Artificial silk, according to Dr. Lehner's process, is now used in the manufacture of tassels and other ornaments. Straw hat manufacturers in Switzerland also employ the new material, the sils being worked into narrow strips and then covered with insoluble gelatine, whereby it' is given the appearance of straw, while exhibiting a much more bril liant loastre. The strips are woven into braids, and th~se 'are sewn together in the usual manner. It is stated that hats made in this fashion are much superior to ordinary straw hats, and that when coloured they even surpass silk hats in gloss. From the data colleoted [by a committee of the SheLffield Town Council, which has recently been engaged in investigating the comparative merits of the overhead and the conduit systems of electric traction, as praoc tised there and abroad, it appears that the cost per mile of an overhead system at Berlin is about £2400, whilst the conduit system there costs £6460 per mile. At Brussels the overhead system costs £6410 per mile and the conduit system £19,600 for a double line; at Buda-Pesth. the figures are £2900 and £4587 to £6944 respectively; whilst at Milan the conduit system is estimated to cost four times as much per mile as its rival.; A peculiar effect of barometric change is seen in the "breathing-ground " of lime stone districts. If a well in this kind of soil is covered over so that only a small hole is left' tn the top, and a lighted candle is held near this hole, quite a strong current of aircan sometimes be noticed. The "breath ings " are irregular, and accompany baro metri chbanges for the reason that when the pressure on either side of 1he: opening is heavier than that on the other- side, a flow sets in from the heavierto the lighter. The majority of the miners' lodges have now agreed to the recommendation of the delegate board that a conference should bhe applied.for with the colliery proprietors with a view toan adjustment of the hewing rate, among other matters. Mr. J. Ourley will forward the letter to Mr. Binney, making formal application for a conference, in the course of a few days, there beihg some lodge decisions yet to come in. Unless the pro prietors are willing to amalgamate there is little prospect of the miners bettering their position,'for iit wold be impossible to grant any conceeione now that the prices have been'reduced to the very smallest margin of profit. by the cut-throat competition which has been going on for a few years past. As' already pointed out some of the largest of the colliery owners are prepared, and even anxlous, to amalgamate;,'and it is said that ,it is only a question of time when all will egree to have the vend 're-established. If the proprietors could only be united' amongst themselves it is believed that an extra chilling per ton could be obtained on the general selling prices for next year before the annual odntraots are entered into, as they will' be,in a' few months' time. Adn 'extra shilling on the selling prioes would at least give the miners an extra' threepence in the hewing rate. as per the old 'slidingseaose. 