THE CRIME AXD CRIMINAL THE BOOK L—THE CRIME. I The Storyiaccording to Mr. Thomas Tetmant.). CHAPTER I. THE OPEN VOOH. I ran downsto Brighton for the Sunday. My- -wife's-cousin, George Baxendale, was stopping there, with the Coopers. The wife and I ware both to have gone. But our little Minna" was very queer—feverish cold, or something—and.Jjncy did not like to leave her' with the nurse. So 1 went down alone. It was a fine dfcy, for November. We drove, over to Bramber—Jack Cooper and his wife, Baxendale, and i. When we got back to Regency-square it 1- was pretty late. I was to go back by the S.-J0. When we liad dined I. had to make quite a rush to catch the train. Jack and George bi*th came up to see me off. As the Pullman carnages all seemed full, I got into the compartmeat of an ordinary first- class carriage. "You'll be better m there," said Jack. "You'll have it to vontself." I did, till just as thi> train was off. When the train had actually started, a woman came hurrying np the platform. A porter threw open the door of my carnage, and she got in. I let her "have the seat bv the door through -which she had entered. I went to the other end of the compartment. I did not feel toomuch obliged to the porter who had shown her in. Although it was not ai smoking carriage, as I expected to have had it to myself, I had intended to smoke all the> way to town. In fact, I was smoking at that moment. I hardly knew what to do. The train did not stop till it reached Victoria. _ There would be no opportunity of changing carriages. I did not relish the idea of not smoking, while I scarcely knew if I might venture to ask permission to smote of the new-comer. I made up my mind that I '-would. I had only Just lighted acigar. I bad not looked at her as the came up the platform, to notice what kind of person she was. I had been too much engaged with Jack and George. I turned to her, raising my hat as.Xdid so. "May I ask if you object to" I had got eo fax; but I got no farther. She looked at me, and as she did so..arad I saw her face clearly, and met her'eyes, mjc blood went cold in my-veina. The woman at .the other end of ifche carriage was either Nellyor Nelly's ghost. If she was her ghost, then she was the most ^substantial ghost L had ever heard of. And yat I had to \- stare at her for some moments in stupefied silenoe before I could believe that sljfc was not •ghost—before I could believe thata she was genuine flesh and blood. . She struck me as being as-much surprised air seeing me as I was at-seeing her—and, at first at any rate, not mucit better pleased. We stared at each other as if we were moonstruck. . She was the first to find her voice—she always, was quicker, in every sense of the-word, than l am. v *Tom! a she raid. Then gave a sort-of gasp- ; .r JJelly!" It was all Bcoold do to get*her name to pass my lips. I am not going to enter -Jnto details aw-towhat ! said to her, and as to what she said to .me. Nothing pleasant was said on either -side. When a man meets a woman, even after ^'separation of seven years and more, who has Wronged him, as Ellen Gowtb, as she was •named when I first knew her, had wronged (me, he is not likely to graet her with sugared' phraSea, especially when he has had every reason to suppose that las prayers have been answered, and that she is-dead. When I saw :thatshe l>ad tricked me, for the thousand- andfirst" time, and that she was not dead, asl. have written, my blood went cold. When it! r enamed it was not with love for her. ; '- We quarrelled, as we .had done many and? many a time before. She had been drinking., She was always bad enough when sober; when- -not sober she was infinitely worse. Every moment° I expected her to assail me with. personal violence. She threatened to over! and over again. I feared that there would be. .some outrageous ecene in the railway carriage, fearing this, and the scandal which such a- thing would necessarily entail, I formed a wild resolution. I determined that, even while the train continued to fly through the air, I would leave the compartment in which was, and at any and every risk seek refuge -man adjoining one. ' - The resolution was no sooner-formed than I -proceeded to pat it into execution. . There was no necesaty to lower the window; the handle was inside the carriage. Turning the handle, I rose from my seal. Whether she mistook or designed to frustrate my purpose, ' I cannot say. No sooner did I rise, than she came rushing at me. The violence of her assault took me by surprise. The handle «seapmgfrom my grasp, the door swung back upon its hinges. She had me by the shoulders. I endeavoured to wrest myself free. There was astruggle. In the struggle, unconsciously certainly to me. we must have reversed our positions, because, suddenly -loosing her grasp of me, before I had the faintest suspicion of what was about to happen, she had fallen backwards through the \- open carriage door, out into the night, and the ' train was going at express speed to town. - It was some moments before I realized what had' actually occurred. When I did do so, I sat down on the 3eat in a sortof stupor. I was roused from it by-tie banging of the carriage door. It was being swung backwards and forwards by the * momentum of the train. I shut it, almost mechanically; as I did so I noticed that the .glass - was shattered. It might have been \- .broken by the banging of the door, or she might have broken it by striking it in her frantic efforts to clutch at something. What was I to do? My eyes wandered to the alarm-bell. Should I ring it and stop the > train? To what purpose? She might not be dead. Indeed, the probabilities were that she -; was, at least, not quite dead. In such a case I knew lier well enough to be aware that nothing was more likely than that she • would at once denounce me as her attempted murderer. Then in what a plight I should be I To the best of my knowledge and belief she had brought her fate upon herself. I had nothing to do with it. Undoubtedly, I had V not opened the door to hurl her through. It is \- easy enough after fhe event to say that at all hazards I aught at once to have stopped the train, and explained what had occurred. I should have done so bad I been able to foresee ' the events which followed. I should have been willing to have given a great deal to have • saved myself from bearing what I actually have borne. But, at the moment, I foresaw nothing. My wits were wool-gathering. I • wasconfronted by the thought that, in face of . her allegations of my guilt, my protestations of innocence might avail but little. I had Buffered too much on her account already to have anv desire to suffer more. Asl sat there thinking, something staick me a severe blow in tlio face. It was a pdece of glass from the broken window which had been loosened, and which had been forced-out of its place bv the pressure of tko wind. I lowered the "window, lest the remaining fragments should also be driven irom their places. The sharp edge of the piece of glass had come into contact with my cheek. It had cut me to the bone. I put up my handkerchief to stop the bleeding. As I. did so I noticed that my overcoat seemed to have been torn open in the struggle. The top button appeared to be missing. The blood flowed freely from the open wound. The piece of glass seemed to have cut me like a knife. My handkerchief was quite inadequate to stop the flow. It was becoming Boaked with blood. While T. was wondering what I should do if the bleeding did not shortly cease, the train drew up at Victoria. ". The distance between Brighton and town had never before seemed to me to be so short. CHAPTER II- THE MAN WITH THE SILK HANDKERCHIEF. Now that I had reached Victoria I did not know what to do. 1 continued to sit in a Bort of bewilderment, wondering. Should I speak to the guard, or should I not? Should I walk out of the station as if nothing liad happened? I was, or it seemed to rue that I was, between the devil and the deep sec. Whichever path I took was the path, not of safety but of danger. While I sat hesitating and apparently incapable of anything but hesitation, the carriage door was'opened. I supposed that, seeing . me, a porter had oDened it for me to alight. But it was not a porter who stood there looking in—looking in, as it struck me. with caper curiosity. It was an individual in a top hat and an overcoat ornamented with fur cuffs and collar. Even in my state of confusion, and in that imperfect light, I was at once struck by the fact that both hat and overcoat were the worse for wear. The face under the hat was also the worse for wear. The cheeks ruddy, with a ruddiness which suggested alcohol. The moustache and whiskers were too black for nature. The eyes, which were at once both impudent and shifty, in colour almost matched" the whiskers. There was something about the man which reminded me of some one I had seen before. Who it was at the moment I could not think. He addressed me with what he probably intended for an ingratiating smile, "This is Victoria." I told him I was aware of it. "'All get out here." I added that I was also aware " of that. His eyes, which had been travelling round and round the carriage in an eager, searching fashion, which, for some reason, made me curiously uneasy, finally rested on my face. Ho at once noticed the hloodstained handkerchief which I still was holding to my cheek. "Nose bleeding?" "No. I've cut my cheek." I don't know why I sat there speaking to the man as I did. " Permit me to offer you my handkerchief; yours seems soaked with blood." Taking out a red silk handkerchief, the corner of which had been protruding from the outside pocket of his overcoat, he hold it out to me. I was reluctant to take it. One is reluctant to accept the loan of a silk handker- chief from a psrfcct stranger, mora especially, perhaps, from the sort of stranger he appe.iviid to be. But what was 1 to do? 1 was in want of a handkerchief. My own was worse than useless. It was reeking wet. Great gouts of blood were commencing to drop from it. y cheek was bleeding as profusely as ever. I was beginning to wonder if a bloodvessel had been severed. One cannot buy handkerchiefs on a Sunday night. 1 should have to borrow from some one. So I borrowed from him. Unwillingly enough, I admit. As I applied his handkerchief to my cheek, turning, I threw my own through the open window at my side. He rushed forward, as if to stay my arm. He was too late. The handkerchief had gone. " Good God!" he exclaimed, " what have you done?" He seemed unnecessarily excited, considering- that, in any case, the handkerchief was mine. " I've thrown it away. You don't suppose that,in that condition. I could carry it home." He looked at mo with his eager eyes. " Was your name upon it?" "•I believe so; why?" Leaning over, ho laid his hand upon my shoulder. He spoke in a tone of voice which, in spite of myself, sent a thrill all over me. " Alan, supposing they find it? It may be -a question of life or death. Let's get out of this—cotne." It was time that we left the carriage. I had noticed a porter staring in, as if w ondering why wc remained its occupants. But that was no reason why the stranger, thrusting his arm through mine, should have almost dragged me out on to the platform. As he continued to cling to me when wo were on the platform, I remonstrated—" Be so good as to release my arm." Paying no attention to my request, he made as if to hurry me on. " Come to a little place I know near here. I am a bit of a doctor. I'll soon make that cut of yours all right." I did not budge. I repeated my request— " Be so good as to release my arm. I am obliged to you for your suggestion. I, however, prefer to go straight home." " Quite right; there is no place like home. Let's go and find a cab." Not at all nonplussed, he again made as if to hasten on. I still declined to budge. " Thank you. I can perform that office for myself. If you will give me your address, I will forward you your handkerchief. Or, if you prefer it, I will deposit with you its value." " Sir, I am a gentleman." He drew himself up with an assumption of dignity which was so overdone as to be ludicrous. The two last words he repeated—" A gentleman!" " I do not doubt it. It is I who may not be a gentleman." "I, Sir, can tell a gentleman when I se« -one." He laid a stress upon the personal pronoun, as if he wished me to infer that such clearness of vision might be a personal peculiarity. " I will give you my address in the cab." Willing tohumonrhim. IsuSeredhimtossroll np the platform at my side. I held out my hand to him when we reached a hansom. " Your address?" "I said I would give you my address in the ; -cab." Leaning towards me he spoke i%that curious tone which had impressed me so unpleasantly in the railway carriage. "Get into the cab, man; I travelled from Brighton in 'the next compartment to yours." I was foolish. I ought, even at the eleventh "iour, to have addressed myself to an official, to have made a clean breast of it. to have told tim of the accident—the unavoidable accident —which had happened on the'line. I know that now too well; I knew it dimly then, bat tat the moment I was weak. The fellow's manner increased my state of mental confusion. In a sense his words overwhelmed me. I yielded to him; I got into the cab; [the placed himself at my side. " Where* shall I tell the man to drive?" he (asked. "Anywhere." 'Piccadilly Circus!" he shouted. The cab «was off. We sat in silence, I in a state of mind which I should find some difficulty in making plain. I will not attempt it; I will only say that I should have dearly liked to have taken my friend, the stranger, by the scruff of his neck aad to have thrown him out into the street. I-did not dare. When we were clear of the traffic I asked him, in a voice which I scarcely knew to be my own, it was so husky and dry— "What did you mean by saying that you travelled from Brighton in the next compartmean to mine?" "Mean? My dear Sir, I meant what I said; it was a coincidence, nothing more." He spoke lightly, impudently even. I felt incapable of pressing him for a more prccise explanation. He added, as a sort of afterthought, '' I'm & detective." I turned to him with a start. "A detective?" He pretended to be surprised by my surprise. "What's the matter, my dear Sir?" Se paused, then with a sneer. " I'm not tkatsort —I'm the respectable sort; I'm a private detective, Sir. I make delicate enquiries for persons of position and of means." He emphasized "means." "Have you a cigar?" I g-ave him one; he proceeded to light it. I was conscious that since I had admitted him to-a share of the cab a change had taken place in his bearing. It was not only familiar —it was positively brutal. Yet, strange though it may appear—and I would point ont that nothing is so common as that" sort of wisdom which enables us to point out the folly of each other's behaviour—I found myself unable to resent it. "I've been down to Brighton on business— to make enquiries about a woman." " A woman ?" " A woman who is missing—women are missing now and then—Louise O'Donnel. I suppose you never happened to have heard the name?" "Louse O'Donnel?" I wondered what ha meant. There was meaning in his tone; indeed, every word he ottered, every gesture he made, seemed vregn&nt; with meaning. The more I saw of him the more uncomfortable I became. " I do not remember to have heard the name Louise O'Donnel." " Yes, Louise O'DonneL You're quite sure yon never heard it?" "So far as I can remember, never." " Perhaps your memory is at fault; one never knows." He puffed at his cigar, or, rather, at my cigar. " I don't think I'll give you my address. I'll call for the handkerchief at yours. What is your address?" I hesitated. I was quite aware that to give him my address would be to commit a further act of folly, but at the same time I did not see how I could avoid giving it him without a row or worse. " My office is in Austin Friars." " Austin Friars? You don't happen to have ( a card about you?" I did happen to have one of my business cards in my letter-case. Taking it out, I gave it to him. • He looked at it askance, reading the name on it out loud. _" Thomas Tennant. Rather an alliterative kind of name. Almost like a pseudonym." I sat in silence. "However, there may lie some one about with such a name." He slipped the card ^nto his waistcoat pocket. " I shall have pleasure, Mr. Tennant, in calling onyou for niv silk handkerchief in Austin Friars, possibly to-morrow, possibly next week, or the week after—but that I shall call for it sooner or later you may rest assured." He looked at me with a grin. "No\y that we have transacted that little pie^e of business, I don't think there is any necessity for me to inflict my company upon you any longer. I may as well get "out" I was thankful for the prospect of a prompt deliverance. But I was not to be rid of him so easily, as his next words showed. He was drumming with his finger-tips on the front of the cab. "By the way. you were good enough to mention something about a deposit for mv handkerchief. I thiak that, after all, I will trouble you for one." I advanced my hand towards mv pocket. " With pleasure. If you have no objection, I will bujr the handkerchief riglit out at a liberal price!" His reply was a sneer. " Thank you ; I am obliged: the handkerchief is not for sale. I prize it too greatly—as a present from my late lamented pre.itgrandmotfcer. But something on deposit I don't mind."' " How much shall we say?" " Say—we'll say ten pounds." "Ton Ten poundsI nm:nr?K '" T stared o^rpH at n* 3,ii him. The fellow's impudence was increasing. " You are jesting." He turned on me quite savagely—his black eyes glared. ".Testing? What do you mean by saying I am jestine';" " I shall certainly deposit with you no sum approaching ten pounds."' He continued to regard me as if ho were taking my measure. T met his glance unflinchingly. I wished him to understand that I was not quite the simpleton he seemed to take me for. I think he grasped something of my meaning. His tone became sullen. " Make it five pounds, then." *" T am more likely to make it five shilling;". However, under the peculiar circumstances, as J don't know what I should have done without your handkerchief. T don't mind going as far as haif a sovereign, which is about four times its value." His reply, though scarcely a direct answer to mv word?, still was sufficiently nl.iin. "You and I. Mr. Tennant, will spend the nicht together." "Again I ask you what do you mean by that?" The fellow smoothed his clean-shaven chin and grinned. "I mean, Mr. Tennant. that I am beginning to suspect thnt it may be my painful duty to thrust myself on your society until I have aseertaiucd'whnt became of the woman who got into your compartment at Bricrhtnn, but who was not in it when we reached Victoria." A crcspy, crawly feeling wont all over me. This ciuti ; of not*tailing the truth, the whole truth, aud nothing but the truth, directly the accident had happened. Already I was suspected of the worst. And by such a fellow! Already, to a certain extent, I was in his power. I did not give him the five pounds he asked. I d-.d not make quite such an idiot of myself as that. But I gave him much more than his ancient rag was worth. He rattled the coins, gold coins, together in the palms of his hands; ho chuckled at the sound of them; he called out to the cabmau. '' Stop 1" Standing on the pavement, ho took off his hat to mo with a sweeping flourish, saying, witha laugh— Tiie handkerchief itself—that priceless relic of my late lamented greatgrand mother— I will call for it at your office in Austin Friars." ( To be continued on Monday. J 