Pars From Perth. A person, advertising tor someone to manage a Perth agency business, intimates that he prefers a native for the job. Here's a blow to the cussed vanity of the ordinary Easterner, who usually takes it for granted that he can knock spots off the average sandgroper, and that an}- employer will readily perceive his surpassing merit. Perth is about to indulge in the luxury of a passenger ferry between South Perth and the city. The South Perth Roads Board is to be responsible for the new convenience. Will the ferries be floating palaces of the Yankee type, or the indescribably wretched and mean-looking punts which are called, ferries in Smellbourne ? Premantle Municipality is going in for a loan. ^35,000 to be borrowed, £1800 of which is to pay off a modest loan of the preboom period. Probably the municipality is ashamed of the day of small things. The remaining ^33,000 odd is to go towards the carrying out of new works and undertakings. Verily, we are in the midst of a borrowing boom, which stealeth upon the people like a thief in the night, and geteth away with all their valuable securities, and leaveth them only the "baby" to nurse. The Westralian baby promises to be as lusty and welldeveloped an incumbrance as the "enfant terrible" the people of Victoria have been holding since the collapse of their boom. " The finest public library in Australia should be in Perth or Fremantle ; but it is in Melbourne. The most magnificent postoffice structure in the colonies should be in Perth; but it is in Sydney. The " social evil" should be regulated in this coming and envied colony better than in any spot in Australasia; yet Queensland takes the palm. Road and pedestrian traffic should be better here than elsewhere; yet little Tasmania is far away ahead of us." Thus the " Western Table Talk." Why should all these things be in Perth ? Did the scribe who wrote the above have the faintest idea of what he was writing about ? We don't know of any special reason why Perth should be ahead of the Universe. Anyway, she isn't, and she isn't likely to be, unless the Universe is going to get hopelessly paralytic. A correspondent had a bad time other night at circus, and wants us to show up Fitzgerald Bros. He had been imbibing fairly freely with friends and during an argument had won a wager, tickets to the circus being the stakes. Wager was duly paid and drinks followed at expense of the winner, who desired before anything else that the party should be friends. The winning wagerer made everybody happy regardless of expense. In the evening the circus came, and our correspondent and his friends tried to attend but the doorkeeper would not pass them as the tickets were half-price children's. Our correspondent wants to know what he gained by winning that wager. He will have to struggle with that problem himself. We haven't got time. A little seven year old hero rushed into a burning house at Colac (Vic.) and rescued his babv sister, nine months old, from the flames. The plucky little lad was almost blinded by the smoke, but he managed to grope his way to the cot and carried the baby out. The house was completely demolished. " Diorite" is the name familiarly applied to the decoction of tobacco juice and turpentine sold in Kalg. sly-groggeries under the name of whisky. "Diorite" seems to have potent qualities as a fun-generator judging by hhe quantity of " gravel rashness," which "besets" the features of its devotees after a night of it Ecstacy, > ecchymosis, and extravasation are the lead- \ ing features of a dioritic revel. Watering the footpaths is -w a daily practice in Coolgardie, and the oractiee is a success. It doesn't look quite the- thin:.' for a huge water-cart to wander at '.arge along the footpath, but the end justifies the means in this particular case. There are a, number of drapers in the town .vho expose their wares on the footpath, t. the inconvenience of passengers. Ff the carts c-.uild be induced to dwell a httle i nger than usual and create a bigger splash than usual in front of those shops, to the manifest detriment of the goods exposed, thev would confer a boon upon a long-suffer:ng public. Davis and Co. cutting down wages on Government contract for Afer.xies .-jam. Eleven shillings a day and water is their standard. Ruling rate up that way, 13s. .id. and water. Worst of it is they get the men. Starvation knows no standard rah;. Tinned dog and damper are essentials They are not too easily got up North if all reports speak true. Davis and Co.'s men sire on strike just now, but if the tales of woe coming from that quarter have any foundation in fact there will be plenty willing to take the places ot those on strike The Coolgardie Municipal Council is frittering awav its revenues in t'le manuring of antediluvian gum trees in the narks. We would respectfully suggest that the Council should start in to manure some of the reefs in the neighborhood. Baylev's, for instance. We don't suppose the manure would do much good to the reef, but it will do it as much good as the trees We feel quite confident that the gum trees will refuse to respond to the stimulus. T o t h e r s i d k k is happy to announce that its initial number was practicaliv sold out before the last two formes went to press. An exceptionally heavy issue wto printed as it was naturally expected that there would be a vigorous demand lor the. fi --a number, but the success achieved has ehjeeded the wildest expectations. Never muia, the excellence of the paper quite warrants it. Cool. Town Council has determined to increase its estimate for the erection of a Town Hall. It now proposes to spend £20,000 on the municipal palace. The "Miner" (Coo!.), thus: " Mr. Vosper next put some severe questions ;o the candidate, and Mr. Harney ret 11 rued answers which were so lame that the audience indulged in laughter." The audience did, but it laughed with Harney and not at him. It was a conservative crowd cnainlv, 'and lustily hurrahed for anything which sounded like good old-fashioned Toryism A correspondent says: —William Kerr, the chosen (?) Labor candidate for North Coolgardie electorate, reckons that he is going to sail in at the top of the poll, and that the only man who has a ghost of a chance against him is Gregory. The electors don't take William seriously, and his candidature is regarded as a joke by everyone except himself. A Yerilla chemist lately " informed" upon, the W.A.G. store at that lively town for selling him a bottle of whiskey without having been duly licensed. Probably the chemist thought it his special prerogative to sell the aforementioned drug. Anyhow, his action led to a fine of £30 being imposed, upon the storkeeper, and likewise to the cancellation of the latter's gallon license. We note that public opinion seems to be on the side of the storekeeper. At the election for the local Progress Committee the chemist and the storekeeper occupied opposite ends of the poll. The storekeeper was at the top of the poll, while the chemist came in an indifferent last at the bottom of the poll. The chemist is not on that Progress Committee. A Perth magistrate the other daymade some unwarrantable remarks respecting a Mr. and Mrs. Gent, who appealed to him to settle some conjugal disagreement. It appears that the parties ran away from home and got married when the lady was 15 and the " gent" 16 years of age. Since then they have had frequent disagreements and three children. The magistrate told the couple that they ought to be ashamed of themselves. Why ? They may have been doing their duty to the State " not wisely, but too well," but zeal in a good cause is nothing to be ashamed of. All this great country wants is population, and the two patriots who have been so unjustlyrebuked seem to have been doing as much as could be expected to help the country along-, considering their youth and inexperience. 