FOURTH DAY. MESSAGE EBOM THE QUEEN. A CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES. THE FEDERATION BASIS. His Excellency the Governor, Lady Victoria Buxton, Miss Buxton, and Captain Wellington were again present when th6 President took the chair at the Federal Convention at 10.30 a.m. on Thursday, but less than twenty five representatives were in their places, although within a few minutes of the openiog the benches were better filled. The strangers' gallfery Vriis plentifully patronised fl-bffi the butset, but the bEDbhes reserved for Legislative visitors were empty. There was a fashionable attendance of ladies, and as the proceedings dragged • somewhat at the start they were given much material for inno cent wonderment. In the seats behind the viceregal party wore Messrs. Charleston, Foster, Grainger, Hooper, Ward, McDonald, and Blacker, while Mr. Morris sat in solitary state in front of the Speaker's gallery until touch later in the day.: The business of the Convention began by an intimation by Mr. Walker that he will move this morning for a return showing sepa rately the debt per head and the interest payable per head in each colony; while Dr. Quick notified that he will ask for a statement of the lands in Australia suitable for settlement and the length of rail way lines which would have to be constructed to make them available. There was next a long consultation between the heads of the Various delegations and the President, at the termination of which that dignitary an nounced that through the Bight Honorable the Secretary of State for the Colonies and his Excellency the Governor a message to the Convention had been received from her Majesty the Queen. ■ At this impressive inti mation all the delegates within "the Chamber, as well as the auditors in the gallery, spon taneously rose to their feet. The cablegram from Mr. Chamberlain to the President, which was read by Mr. Kingston, ran thus :— , I have received her Majesty's command to desire you to acquaint the Federal Convention that she takes a special interest in their proceedings, ami hope3 that under llivine guidance their labors will result in practical benefit to Australia. I desire to add my own cordial wishes for a successful result which will conduce to the dignity and strength of the Empire. . At the conclusion of the reading of the message three hearty cheers for the Queen were given at the call of the President. On- the motion of Sir . George Turner, seconded by Sir Edward Braddon, and with the cordial approval: of.the- Convention,; Sir Bichard Baker was appointedvChairmani-of Committees. Mr. J. - H. Carruthers, .Minister of Lands for Hew South Wales, at 10.40 a.m. resumed the debate on the resolutions, of'-Mr.'. Barton and although he would have preferred to go straight on with the discussion of the Common wealth Bill he expressed pleasure that the mantle of the great: leader in the Federal movement, Sir Henry Parkesj had fallen on the shoulders of so excellent a successor. New South Wales, he says, desires to secure justice to all'the States joining the union, but she does not wish to give up too much for that purpose. However, he promised to reach away from mere platitudes, for he recognises that though tlie spirit of compromise should prevail at the Convention it is the people who in the end who have to pronounce a verdict on the Con stitution adopted. He will not: be a party to any sacrifices that will'thwart.'the will of the people, as although the Convention will put to gether the dry bones of the Constitution it is the people who must breathe into it the breath of life. It will be hard, lie warns the Conven tion, to persuade New South Wales, to sacrifice the supreme rights of her people in order to induce other States to enter the Federation'. He is glad to believe that, as the preamble of ■the resolutions sets forth,' Federation will really enlarge the powers of Self-Government of Australia. He views with deep foreboding the presence of two foreign nations in New Guinea, and he is pleased to think that the Federation of Australia will largely widen its influence in dealing with questions of this sort. He i3 delighted that the Premiers are going to England, and he advises that they should endeavor to serve Australia by {persuading the British Government tp .initiufce negotiations for once moie acquiring those portions of New Guinea which ought never to have been parted with and which the Germans .and Dutch do not use. No better Christmas box, he thinks,, could be given to Australia. On the subject of Finance, Mr. Carruthers pointed out that the real financial experts of the con tinent are unable to enter the Convention because they are either Government officers or in the service of financialinstitutiohs which can not spare them. ■ They wanted the advice of all these experts. New South' Wales, he said, wants all the border Customs offices removed, but it does not desire merely to change a Customs war for a battle of,rail ways. . The railways should .be under Federal control or else the Federation would .be like a man who marries a wife and leaves her at the church door. He will not accept the abolition pf differential rates without this Federal control. So he advises that two committees should be appointed, one to take evidence and to report as to Finance and the other as to the Bailways. "One could do the work better," said Mr. Solomon.-. Mr. Carruthers agrees 'to equal representation in the Senate, but thinks its powers should be restricted, unless all the States are willing to ~ accept equal financial liabilities!, The Victorian and. New South, Wales delega tions cheered > this declaration. ■ Deadlocks, Mr. Carruthers' thinks, would ■ in most cases be averted by common-sense and popular goodwill, but if it was necessary he would favor a Keferendum. He believes in a Federal Judiciary, but objects to set up a High Court of Appeal, which will only be another hurdle to jump before a final decision, is arrived at. There will be no economy either of time or money, he urges, in substituting this High Court of Appeal for the Privy Council. On the subject of tne proposed Federal capital Mr. Carruthers loudly Dlew the trumpet of his colony and its capital. Sydney is the key stone of the Imperial defence of Australia, he urged, and he followed this with the porten tous announcement, that "the head of the Church of England - in Australia is there." j There was an jawed pause, and then Mr. Peacock caused a roar, of laughter by interjecting, "But Melbourne has the head of the Salvation Army." Mr. Carruthers asked whether there was to be right of secession from the union or the power of dissolution. There was a chorus of negatives, and Mr. Carruthers said then tlie Constitution should be very carefully framed so as to provide ample and easy methods of amendment or the consequences might be serious. There were loud cheers when the New South Wales Minister sat down, and Messrs. Henry,j of Tasmania, and Higgins, of Vic toria, sprang up together, the latter being called on by the President. Mr. Higgins began his speech at 11.27 a.m. with a statement that he is not well, and so may not be able to keep up the debate to its high level. . He saw difficulty in dealing with resolutions so weak, vague, and inconclusive as those set before them, and.be expressed sur prise that, seeing that all debatable matters had been carefully excised, speakers were ex pected to deal with those debatable matters. He regretted that the members of the Conven tion of 1891 present that; day had not given their views in greater detail, and he was sorry that anyone should be precluded from stating his views fully and freely. Mr. Barton rose to explain that there was nothing in the resolutions to preclude debate, and the President upheld this statement. Mr. Higgins, however, thought the electors who sent them there would be indignant at the Convention going back to the vagueness . of 1891. Every speaker had to address himself to a dozen things at once and so could not make distinct enunciations as to details. He would like to alter the resolutions so as to make them affirm that the Senate should have ' 'direct" responsibility to the people. He would not have spoken, he said, but for the attack of Sir Bichard Baker on BesponsibleGovernmenc. He admired the direct and straightforward method in which Sir Bichard went to the heart of the matter, but he differed from his conclusions. Sir Bichard said "Wo can't have responsibility to two Houses, and so we can't have. Besponsible Government." Mr. Higgins, however, thought this proved that we could not . have responsibility to two Houses. He liked to go to- the thing the people were used to. and he argued that it is not essential to a Federation to have equal power in both Houses. . He urged that Sir Edward Braddon's admission that the Minis try must rest on tho House of Bepresentatives proved that it must have the power of the purse. The time for compromise has not yet come, he says, and now is the jieriod for frank expression of viuw3. He considers it preposterous for the 6mall States to demand control of the finances. "Why do you give them equal representation?" asked Mr. Glynn, and Mr. Higgins affirmed that all the small States would not always be agreed, nor would the larger ones invariably pull together. "Suppose they did ?" enquired Mr. Symou ; and Mr. Higgins cnirl " Tim.- ifc -vr-nlri hp. onse of null rlp.vi l. pull baker." Mr. Higgins doesn't think Liberals will consent to the equal representation of tfle States in the Senate." "They can't get their consent on any other terms," said Mr. Henry. Mr. Higgins said tho small States might grow into large ones some day. New South Wales might become a_ sheepwallc and Tasmania a busy hive of industry. "We kno\v that;1', acquiesced Sir Edward Brad don, and Mr. Soloniori temarkedj' We want to protect New South Wales when it becomes a sheepwalk," while Messrs. Holder, Cockburn, _ and Gordon cried together—"The principle is the same in any case." Mr. Higgins _ instanced the pre dominance of Prussia in the German Federa tion. "That," said Mr. Barton, "is a fede ration engendered by domination and not by consent." Mr. Higgins next quoted Professor Bryce to show' that in America there Was never a contest between tiie big and the small States; " Because of the protection," said Mr. Gordon, rind Mr. Iiiggins, cdntinu1 ing to quote Dr. Bryce, said the American House of Representatives had never been the stronghold of the large States or the Senate of the small ones. The true protection of the small States was, he urged, the limitation of the powers of the Federal Parliament to those subjects alone which it could deal with better than the smaller States. He challenged the supporters of equal representation to show any Case of injustice likely to arise from un equal representatioh, and he warned Radicals that the Tories in the larger States looked to this equal representation in the Senate as likely to work in their interest. He thinks the great danger to smaller States is that the Senators might be elected by the local Parlia ments, as that would result in Federal issues being introduced into provincial politics, as men would be elected on the ticket ac cording to the Senators they promised to vote for. . The franchise for both Houses of the Federal Parliainent, he thought, should be fixed in the Constitution, as if it were elected on a narrow franchise' it would be difficult to broaden it. He is strongly in favor of womanhood suffrage, but he would becontenttobegin with "one man, one vote" for both Houses of the Federal Parliament, which would lead to the other i f proper uower was given of amendment. "You shut.out the women of South Australia," said Sir George Turner, but Mr. Higgins'thought not. "Yes, you do," persisted Sir George, and Mr. Solo mon said, "They elected us to this Conven tion;' "And they made a very good choice, too," remarked Sir George, and all ten South Australians smiled approvingly. Mr. Higgins, in conclusion, urged "that the Senate should be elected by each colony voting in one con stituency, while the Representatives should be returned by districts. He, only very briefly referred to financial and railway matters. Deadkickshe would deal with by aReferendum. In conclusion lie expressed pleasure that he had aroused opposition, which was the spice of debate, and so he sas down amid great ap plause. V . Mr. B. R. Wise, of New South Wales, was the third speaker of the day, and lie was cordially greeted when he rose at 12.34 p.m. If he combated the arguments of Mr. Biggins, he said, he hoped it would be with that gentle man's excellent temper and admirable lucidity. He claimed that Mr. Higgins had shown by his speech that the resolutions touched all details of the controversy, while they did not bring into too much prominence points which had better be dealt with afterwards. He mentioned as a coincidence that in Philadelphia mbre than 100 years ago, when the American Constitution was being made, one member of. the Convention argued against the equal representation. of States in the Federation, and that be was answered by Mr. George Reid, who represented Delaware. Thus he said,. referring to the name of tho latter gentleman, history repeated itself, in large as well as in small matters. "One State, one vote," Mr. Wise thinks as logical as."one. man, one vote,". 110 matter what the wealth of the elector, and he urged that equal representation in the Senate was a_ necessity of Federation. He expressed his obligation to Sir Richard Baker for his address, but said that as the Cabinet system is incompatible with true Federation he would choose Responsible Government, as there must be control by one House. He asked Miv Higgins to show why the Senate should not amend money Rills, as he thought that dis ability belonged.to the antiquity of politics, although he admitted that the Appropriation Act should not be altered. "Would you allow the Senate to amend the detail s of Customs Bills?" asked Sir George Turner, and Mr. Wise replied that he did not see why not, as there was more heated feeling over matters of social legislation than eoncerning money Bills, and they should not be scared by the ghosts of dead controversies. He instanced a recent case in New South Wales wheii public business was greatly delayed . because the Legislative Council did not possess the .power referred to. Mi-. Wise ithihks that if the Convention attempts _ to fix the Federal franchise on broader lines than those which now exist in the various colonies/a fresh obstacle will.be created, while there, will be a difficulty in semiring the extension by the various States of the privilege of voting suggested to.be granted in excess of that now enjoyed. He would therefore. leave this business to the Federal Parliament. At 12.55 p.m. he obtained leave to continue liis vigorous and attractive speech after lunch. < On resuming at 2 o'clock there were but SO representatives in the Chamber, but there was again a good attendance in- all the public gal leries, legislators being again conspicuous in the front, rows, while Miss Spence listened with interest to the debates. Mr. -Wise, tvho possesses a pleasant voice and a . most attractive manner, while ho has a great command of graceful lan guage, continued his reference to the Consti tutional problem. He asks whether it is neces sary to provide against deadlocks at all, being in doubt whether they are always disadvan tageous.' They are the price, he . thinks, • which people pay for free Constitutions. He thought it unwise to give the temptation to put the penal powers for ending a deadlock into force before all-conciliatory methods have been exhausted. He objects both to the I Referendum ' and to . the suggestion that the - two Houses should sit together. I Mr. Wise suggests that power should be given to the Federation, with the assent of the four 1 States interested, to take over and administer the unoccupied parts of Australia as Federal [ territory. As population : centred hero new States could be formed, while in addition to I the more effective development of the interior a chance would be givenforanexperimentinlaud j value nationalisation. - He advocates the fede j ration of the railways in preference to appoint ing an Inter-State Board, as, advised by Mr. O'Connor. He thinks it would be unsafe to create such a board even if it were practicable. He appealed to Mr. Grant, who had had large railway experience in Tasmania, whether it was not possible for railway companies to mis lead the board. "That's rough on Grant," in terjected Mr. Gordon and the Convention laughed, whileMr. Wisebastened toexplainthat his remarks were not based on that principle. "They are based on want of principle," com mented Mr. Gordon. _ Mr. Wise thinks the railways should be instruments of con solidation and not weapons of offence, although he sees no need for dealing with any but trunk lines, so that West Australia and Tasmania would not be affected. • He presumed that the telegraph line3 ■ which ran along the* railway tracks and the post-offices which used the carriages would be federalised. "Not necessarily,"- said Mr. Holder, and this seemed to surprise Mr. Wise, although Mr. Higgins explained that the South Australian Post , and Telegraph Department pays, while that of New South Wales does not. If one gauge were adopted and the railways were run under one system the saving would amount to from £500,000 to £750,000, said Mr. Wise. '' Why, the uniform gauge would cost millions," ob jected Mr. Fraser, while Mr. Barton said, "Some put it at £10,000,000," and Mr. Gordon interjected, "I think £4,000,000 is right." Mr. Wise urged that if £4,000,000 was tho correct figure it would not take long topay off the capital cost by the saving. Ho thinks the Federal Government should be pro hibited from selling Federal territory and he asked that in the preamble of the Constitution Bill should bo inserted words that it was de signed "to enlarge the powers of Self Government of the people of Australasia." He thinks the Federal Judicature shotilfl be created by the Federation, as the final inter pretation of the Constitution should not be entrusted to any. Supreme Court judges not appointed by the Federal Government. " No man can servo two masters—the States and the Federation"—agreed Mr. O'Connor. The Federal Government should be served by officers of its own appointment throughout, Mr. Wise urges, and he would make them responsible directly for all nomina tions and dismissals. He concluded a powerful and impressive speech by the utterance of a wish that the Constitution to be adopted would be better adapted than that of 1891 to the requirements of to-day. When the loud applause which rewarded him lmd subsided, Mr. H. Henry, of Tasmania, at 2.45 p.m. rose to continue the debate. He was diffident, he said, at followingsuch accomplished sneakers and he expressed regret that the Federationists of 1891 had not given their views at greater length for the benefit of the newer men. He is glad there i3 practical unanimity as to the necessity of equal represen tation in the Senate and ho is prepared to accept the compromise suggested in the brilliant speech of Mr. Wise, which would give" the Senate power to deal with all measures but the annual Appropriation Bill. He is in favor of the election of the Senate I by the people and of a Federal franchise for I the House of Representatives. He would re ' tain Responsible Government and would ap I point a Federal Supreme Court. He looks | upon the financial problem as the crux of Fede j ration, and he advises that tho Customs j revenues should not be touched till that ; uniform tariff which is a necessity to Federa tion has been imposed. He would allow the States to collect tho duties and to pay their interest until the Federal Government has fixed its tariff. He suggested that there should he provision that it should not come into force until, say, January 1, 1900, so as to allow producers and small'manufacturers to prepare themselves far the chance. The Customs revenue of Australia is absorbed in the payment of interest, so that both must be taken over by the Federal Government together, although he recognises that there will . be_ a difficulty _ of adjust ment, _ as, for instance, the interest per bead is now:—South Australia, £2 13s. Id.; Tasmania, £2 Is, 4d.; West Australia, £1 14s. 5d.; and Victoria, £1 13s. fid. There should be a definite obligation laid on the Federal Government to meet the interest cost of the various colonies out of the amountsreeei ved from Customs, the balance being returned to them. Under his scheme New South Wales would re ceive £44,000 back and Victoria £243,000, while Tasmania would have to pay £2(5,000 and South Australia £277,000 yearly. "Oh !" cried the South Australian ten in unison, and Mr. Henry explained that this colony would really gain, as it pays more than that now in addition to its Customs duties. He hoped to serve on the Finance Committee and to fully explain his whole proposals. He is against the Federation of the : railways, although he would give power to the Federal Government to acquire them witb the consent of the States. He thinks it inevitable that the Postal and Telegraph Departments of the various States must be under Federal con trol, but he views with great apprehension the Concession of power to the Federation to levy direct taxation. So he sat down ainid cheers. Mr. ,J. H. Symtrti, Q.C., met with, an en couraging reception when he rose at 3.36 p.m. He thanked Sir Joseph Abbott for .the invita tion to the now men to speak at length, but he agreed witb Mr. Higgins and Mr. Henry in regretting that they had not the advantage of the detailed views of the veterans. The smaller States, he said, saw in the speeches of Messrs. Carruthers and Higgins their bane, the latter having out-Heroded Herod, while the eloquent, lucid, and fair speech of Mr. Wise to a largo extent provided the antidote. By Mr. Higgins the smaller States were told to open their mouths and shut their eyes and see what the larger States would send them. Personally, Mr. Symon said, he did not wish that the smaller States should, be mere hottleholders in the Titanic fights likely to take place between the larger States in the House of Representatives. He believes in trusting the justice of the people, whose instincts and objects are right if left alone, but lie recognises the existence of much original and some acquired sin and so he thinks it would be wise to provide against auy possible wrong. West Australia was in creasing in population so rapidly that soon the balance might be altered and the present big colonies might find their positions reversed, Mr. Symon said waruingly. He expressed in debtedness 'to _Mr. Barton for accept ing the leadership of the Convention and also for his able and luminous speech in submitting the resolutions. If they: were passed they would not bind members, but they brought their thoughts into contact, if not into harmony, although the controversial element had been eliminated with greav'.suc cess. _ He described as a happy inspiration tile insertion into the resolutions of the statement that Federation was "to enlarge the powers of Self-Government of the people of Australasia." Mr. Barton modestly^ disclaimed the merit of authorship and promised to disclose the source of the suggestion in bis reply. Mr. Symon thinks it, should be clearly stated in the Con stitution that the Federation is to be per manent and indissoluble, , "Referring to the suggestion of Mr. Carruthers. that tbe Premiers when in England should secure the retirement^ of the Dutch and Germans from New Guinea, he expressed the opinion that they would do a more .useful and im portant work if they were to go with the first complete draft of the Federal Constitution in their hands. There were approving cheers, which were renewed when he added that this would be one of the most precious and accep table incidents in the most magnificent histori cal celebration the Empire ha3 ever seen. He, for one, promised to lend his energies to the task of putting the Premiers in'a posi tion to make this possible. He passed lightly oyer the financial question, but spoke at length on the Federal Judiciary, which he thinks, if created, should be charged with the dual responsibilities of interpreting the Federal Constitution and of acting as a final tribunal of appeal from the various Supreme Courts. He. protested against the suggestion ■ that the Federal Court would be inferior to the Privy .Council, and affirmed tlifit the materials existed in Australia for forming as distin guished and powerful a Court of Appeal as was necessary. An Australian judge had been sent to the Privy Council, and great as were his qualities, there were other equally distin guished Australian judges who might be. sent if necessary. Under those circumstances, surely they could constitute a court liere. This declaration was cordially applauded., Mr. , Symon objects to the suggestion that the appeal to this court or to the Privy Council should be optional, and remarked that though there was a Court of Appeal in South Australia, composed of the Governor and all the members of the Execu tive Council except the Attorney-General, no one had gone to it for nearly 20 years." The Federal Court, which should, be appointed by the Federal Parliament, be thought, should be the one and only final Court of Appeal for all Australia. Mr. Symon is anxious -to secure a wise and well-balanced Government-fit for a free people. On the question of the franchise he thinks the first election must be by the present Assembly voters of the various colo nies, while, the Federal Parliament itself should deal with the matter so far as the future is concerned. He could not see why there was particular solicitude at this stage to force a similar franchise to that enjoyed here on the women in tbe Other colonies. They must pro ceed on the lines of least resistance and not unduly press this matter. If the Federal spirit is fairly well housed in the tabernacle of the; Federal Council, he argues, it will be so also in the - temple they are about to erect, _ although it is founded _ on a broad franchise without exact uniformity. He thinks Sir Richard Baker mistaken in de siring an alteration of the system of govern ment. "I am for responsible government" Mr. Symon declared definitely, and that an nouncement was. received Iwith cheers. He dings to the English model, which he considers the freest under the sun. -Again there was ap plause, and Mr. Symon admitted that it is im possible to eradicate the idea of government by party from # the Australian mmd. The Ministry, he thinks, should be responsible to one House, and he believes that America would have adopted this idea if it had been as well understood a century agoas it was now. They fashioned their President on the King. If they had to do the work again they would, bo thought,. and he quoted Fisk and Bryce to prove_ it, model him upon the Premier. "Which';" asked Mr. Peacock, 'and Mr. Symon answered "All,"although he admitted that it would be difficult for one potentate to combine the excellencies of the Premiers of all these _ colonies. As a hint of the trend of American thought he pointed out that the members of the Cabinet had since the civil war been allowed to sit and speak in either House. In Hawaii, he added, the President was dismissable by a vote of no- confidence of one House. Mr. Symon expressed the hope that ho was not in a minority in the South Australian delegation " when he urged that the Federal..Government should be responsible to the Federal Assembly. The Senate,_ he thinks, should be sufficiently powerful without having a voice in the Go vernment. Six members from. each State he considers sufficient, and he hopes Mr. Higgins will be in a very small minority when he tries to prevent each State from being equally repre sented. The Senate he would have elected on a popular basis, although he sees advantages in the election by the various Parliaments. He would leave the power of originating Money Bills with the House of Representatives, although, he would give the privilege of amend ment to the Senate, which all agreed should have the right to reject a Money Bill. To prevent amendment, therefore, was to strain at a gnat and swallow a camel, as, indeed, legislation would be facilitated by grant ing the right of partial veto. Even if the Senate cut off half the taxation required it would be better for tbe Government than losing all. "You give the Senate control over the Government," said Sir George Turner, and Mr. Symon replied that control would be exercised if the Bill were rejected. "No," in terjected Sir George, and Mr. Symon urged that the way was left open for compromise. He would federate railways, posts and telegraphs, as he thinks .in regard to the first this is the only way to prevent cut-throat rates. He does not think an Inter-States com mission would work at all smoothly. In con clusion Mr. Symon averred that he will be pre pared to accept the Constitution though it contains some things be fought against and omits others he fought for, and he commends to the Convention the words of Benjamin Franklin, "We will doubt a little of our owninfallibilityandput our names to the instrument." It is the glory of statesmanship to construct and he fears no failure. If the Convention succeeded it would build up a new and beneficent power in Australia which would be great in civib'sation, great in the arts of peace, and greater still in the comfort and happiness of the people. So at 5.35 p.m. he sat down, and Mr. Holder secured the adjourn ment of the debate. Tbe standing ordei-3 were suspended, and a motion was passed giving four days' leave of absence from the beginning of the session to the West Australian delegates because of distance and two days' leave to Mr. W. A. Trenwith on the score of ill-health. This was moved by Mr. Holder and seconded by Mr. Deakin, and at 5.37 p.m., after a long and wearisome day, the Convention adjourned till this morn ing at 10.30 o'clock. Previous to meeting the members of the Convention are to be photographed on the lawn of Parliament House, the West Aus tralian delegates being included in the group. 