'.-Y: ?: ' . Woman's 'World. ; [By Cobinna.] What a weary round of toil a housewife bail : The same monotonouB petty detail ' weel in And week pat. Man's burdens have beeR lightened considerably by invention, bnt not: bo woman's. ., Take cooking for in stance. The man who eonld invent some 'means by which woman would be saved one half the trouble) she is put to in food pre paration, would earn the undying admiration and blessing of the whole family of Eve's daughters. Haw can mnch of the. drudgery of the kitchen be avoided ? One woman- of my ' acquaintance suggests that -children should be trained to exist oh one meal a day, but that is ont of the queBtion just yet. .'Another 'suggests that a number of women, should club together and have one -kitchen between them and engage a competent cook or cooks, and thiB is the direction in which in years to come hardrworking. housewiveB may be saved mnch of their drudgery.' 'Why not meals be delivered to a house as bread is now?- or better still perhaps why not the family: -repair to a; rco-operative dining room? Ghost 'stories have- a great fascination -for some wometn. Here is what is eaid t-»;be a true one : — A young lady arrived late at night on a viBit to a friend.. I amoot *t liberty to mention 'names. She awoke in the darkness to find a white figure at tha foot of the bed. While she watched the.bed clothes were suddenly: whisked off :*nd the. apparition vanished. After an anzions, sot. to say chilly night, the visitor went down, with little appetite for breakfast. At the table she waB introduced to a gentleman, a: very old friend of the family, who bad, «he learned, also been sleeping in the: house. He AnmnlftinAii nf Itlia r»nl-? ?* T finno- vftn'll excuse me,' be said to his hostess, ' bnt I found it bo cold during. the night- that know ing the room next to mine was unoccupied I took the liberty of going in and carrying eff the bed clothes to supplement my own,' The room as it happened waB not unoccu pied, but he has not discovered his mistake. ? . . * ♦ ? ? - Fruit and vegetable preserving will, I think, become more popular amongst house- . wives. How nice it is to have a dish of preserved fruit out of .its season ! And this . can be easily and cheaply obtained. All tbat is necessary is to prevent tne action or certain germs upon the. juices of fruit and vegetables by boiling them and preventing the access of air until they are wanted for use. If fruit or vegetables are perfectly closed up in tins or bottles, or jars, in which it has been placed boiling hot, the articles will keep for any length of time. It is usual to fill up the cans or jars with syrup when they are packed with fruit, or salted water when vegetables are packed. : Bat in regard to fruit, water alone will be equally, effectual. Patent-top tins or bottles should be used and the former at least can be readily and cheaply obtained in Gawler. Apricots and peaches shonld- be halved. If syrup is preferred, anything from a Jib. to 1 lb. of sugar should be- need: to a quart of water and boiled for ten minutes. Then the fruit should be put in and boiled till soft, but not broken. The cans should be filled to the top with boiling syrup and the lids fixed tightly. To make enre against the: admission of air the tops may be sealed. A cheap and effective sealing way can.be made by melting 1 lb. resin, 2 lbs plaster of paris, 2 CZ9. beeswax, and 4 oza. tallow. This composition can be spread over the top, and when broken off can be melted np and used again. The cans or- jars also can be need repeatedly. ?: ... *' ' . ' ' ? . . It may. interest some young ladies . who are fond of dancing to know that it is only within the last 500 years that women have danced publicly with men. Italyfirst began the custom, but the church condemned it. When' Henry HI of France visited Venice early in the 16th century, ' nearly 300 of the first ladies of the city danced before him, but not one of them had a male partner. The sphere of woman Is undoubtedly en larging. In America women are appointed aa lighthouse-keepers. This, of course, has : no connection with light -house-keeping. There are about 20 women lighthouse keepers in the United States alone, -but 1 should think the work ' was rather mono- ' tonous. ??'??-?? ?'??-? :.- - 