IBSEN AND THE MODERN SPIRIT. In literature as in other departments of life th9 modern spirit is distinctly scientific Some of its prominent disciples are Heine! Whitman, Ibsen. Zola, and Tolsfcni. all whom have but one creed — contempt for shams. They are Realists, not Idealists. It is the habit of critics to judge the modern spirit by that section of it known as the latter-day French novel. The school of Zola —which includes men like Fiaubert, Daudet the Goncourts, and the Russian Turgeniff— believe that the new romance, now in an ex perimental stage, must follow the risrid methods of science in being based alone'on what are called 4 human documents ' thai is to say, upon records and evidence of actual lives as they are lived, gathered either from experience or laborious study. Zola himself prefers to call Ma realism by the narrow name of Naturalism, because in Ms writings he gives prominence to the physiological ele ment, and chooses such actualities as vice and disease for exposure. Zola has learned from heredity that there is in all of ua a certain cerebral infirmity that determines our fate, and he proceed to act the part of literary detective, and doe'y;I at once. He admits tfc&triliere; i® a world 0 wholesomeness outside these exceptional cass3, but he argues that it is the fxesptiona cases that require special treaiuea:. different type of realist is Leo Tolstoi, the Russian Post, social reformer, and 4 friend oi the unfriended poor.' He is a preacher of revolutionary discontent and a believer in religion, as distinguished from dogmatic orthodoxy. But Tolstoi is a personality apart — an odd blend of the mystical dreamer and man of affairs. Perhaps, however, the most remarkable exponent of the new spirit is Henrick Ibsen the Norwegian poet and dramatist. He wa3 born in 182S. His works are a mixture of splendid incoherency and the freshest of c-pnina. In hia earlv dramas — sach as 1 Th Emperor and the Galilean, ' where he treats of Julian the Apostate's attempt to reintroduce paganism — he drew chiefly from Mediaeval history. Life, as it goes on daily around him, next engaged his attention. It is here he exMbits a knowledge of human nature, and a keen irony that is perhaps only ex celled hy Shakespere. 4 The Comedy of Love ' is a stinging satire on the so-called 4 grand passion.' 4 Brand' and 'Peer Gyu? are satirical dramas in verse. With 'The Pillars of Society,' published in 1875, he be gan a series of realistic pictures of ordinary life that has placed Mm first among the dramatists of to- day. Among this series ara 4 A Doll's House,' 4 Ghosts,' 'An enemy of Society,' 4 The Wild Duck,' 4 Little Eyolf,' 4 The Lady From the Sea,' 4 Hedda Gabler,' 'The Master Builder' — a piece so perfect from a literary point of view that no single word could be taken away or added — and tba recently published ' John Gabriel Borkman,' a study of a gigantic = windier of tbe Jabez Balfoar pattern. 