Westralia and its Goldfields. COOLGARDIE AND KALGOORLIE VISITED. [By C.D.] Since my last writings to your colums the prevailing depression has been ever on the increase, and batches of workmen being turned, adrift has become an almost daily occurrence. Roughly speaking, during the past few months some 700 or 800 miners in the Menzies district alone have been paid off. This depreciation of population has naturally affected all branches of business in a very unsatis factory manner. Grocers, drapers, and even hotelkeepers, have found the stress of the hard times more than their finan ces could withstand, and thenumbers who have been compelled to relinquish business, and in many cases seek the protection of the Insolvency Court, is for so young a country as this, simply ab normal. The primary cause of all this is not far to seek. A number of our Wes tralian "wild cats" have been foisted upon a trusting. public as: sound invest ments, and, the speculators thereby "burning there fingers," an outcry against our mineral, resources in general has been raised, which has gathered in volume at every turn of the wheel, until now we find that capital - always a shy bird - is not forthcoming unless the capitalist can see little short of a cer tainty of his money bearing him mani fold interes. This closing the capi talistic pocket is having a very disastrous effect upon the industry, as many a good show is famishing for the want of funds wherewith to develop its resources. That the gold is here, and plenty of it, everyone who is credited with an opinion worthy of notice asserts with positive assurance, and in my own humble opinion, the depression will not be of long duration, but in good time the spectre which has so effectually frightened away capital from our shores will have lost its power, and money will once again pour into the colony. This accomplished, we shall have but this one apparition to remind us of the past — ghosts of the departed "wild cats" which the stress of the tiimes will surely de stroy - leaving to us those minesof un doubted wealth, which have already done so much in the alleviation of the unem ployed trouble in the eastern colonies. The cause of the mining slump cited above is but one of several. Chief among the remaining factors atands that of mismanagement. Much has been said and written (especially in certain sections of the eastern press) of the millions of money subscribed for the development of the raining industry in Western Australia.- Some people suppose all this monoy to have been expended in the raising and treatment of ore, and the return, in comparison to the capital subs cribed, has not been such as to inspire confidence. But this is where the trouble arises. The amount subscribed has not all been expended in the purpose for which it was intended; in fact, the amount actually spent in the develop ment of the induutry here has been a very small fraction indeed of the total capital raised, by far the larger portion of it being squandered in the mainten ance of gorgeous offices, banquettings, and over-paid officials in London and elsewhere. Shareholders are now awak ening to a sence of their wrongs, and the awakening, though gradual, will, I am convinced, be thorough, and will eventu ally lead to a very different state of affairs in the future. Coming to personal matters, the preva lent depression has affected me in com mon with many others, and at the close of last month I found myself under the necessity of seeking a fresh field of labour. Accordingly, on Monday after noon, 9th August, I bid adieu to Menzies, and in due course, after a somewhat tedious journey — particulars of which I refrain from inflicting on your readers — I once more found myself gazing over the goldfields' capital. The changes effected in Coolgardie during my absence of nine months are most striking. New and more substantial buildings have taken the places of less pretentious structures, and many other improvements have added greatly to the appearance of the town. For a space I contemplate in wonderment the scene before me. I re member that less than five years ago all this was one pathless desert waste, and what I see before me is the outcome of the ingenuity and labour of man. He had nothing to favor him, and did battle with enormous difficulties. In the race for wealth which actuated the pioneers of these goldfields, some have, in the early days, died from exposure and want, not being able to obtain the necessaries of life; but many again have lived through it all, to see cities and towns instead of deserts and scrub. As these thoughts of what has been done here occur to me on surveying the prospect on all sides I recall the lines of the poet concerning man :— "See his works— the bridge, the city, Noble statues—temples fair— . . ." With these thoughts in my mind, I go on my way in search of lodgings, and having washed from my hands and face the stains of travel., I sit down to a hearty meal. During my stay in Cool gardie I paid a visit to Kalgoorlie and The Boulder, and was much impressed with the activity, which a few such mines as the Great Boulder, Ivanhoe, etc., be stow upon a community. A few details of the mining towns which I have had the privilege of visit ing will, perhaps, not be lacking in interest to your readers, and with the hope that I have not already taxed their patience too severely append a few particulars which l have gleaned from various sources for their information. It is already a well known fact that the discovery which led to the settlement of COOLGARDIE was made by Messrs. Bayley and Ford. These gentlemen, while prospecting the vicinity, were so fortunate as to obtain some wonderfully rich speoimens, and on the 13th September, 1892, they pegged out the first lease, Bayley's Reward claim, applying for it in Southern Cross four day's later. Previous to this find several others of a minor character had been made, but they were not of sufficient importance to attract attention, and the prospectors themselves eventually aban doned them. The first record available of the presence of prospectors in the dis trict is when M Pherson visited the locality in 1888 and obtained gold about 30 milrs south of where the town of Coolgardie now stands. Later, in 1890, George Withers and Jackoletti got gold nine miles from Coolgardie, but as al ready stated, these discoveries were only of minor importance, and were eventually abandoned. It was not until the dis covery made by Bayley and Ford that any importance was attached to the prospects of the mining industry in this portion of the colony of W.A. As the news of their discovery spread, people began to flock to the supposed El Dorado, and in a remarkably short space of time quite a Iarge settlement had sprung into existence. Numerous leases were pegged out, and the various businesses essential to an English-speaking population fol lowed quickly in their wake. The town which was of such mushroom growth, was then almost wholly built of canvas and hessian, but these have now given place to more pretentious structures of brick, wood and stone. The town was declared a municipality on the 13th July, 1894, and the estimated population at the present time ranges from 10,000 to 12,000. Fine wide rectangular streets and broad pathways intersect the settle ment in all directions. Trains run regu larly twice a day to and from the capital, 350 miles distant. The electric light has been installed, and Coolgardie today presents a strikina example of what can be done by energy, perseverance, and wise management. The Government buildings are a range of offices in stone, comprising post and telegraph offices, local oourt, police station, with the war den's, surve, and other minor offices at the back. There in a goodly supply of hotels and stores, and all the require ments of the human race can be obtained locally. There are six banks, and churches of almost every domination. The principal street (Bayley- street) pre sents a busy appearance on Saturday nights, and is generally enlivened by the strains of a very creditable brass band. Messrs. Banvard Bros, hold nightly entertainments to crowded houses in the Tivoli Theatre. Cricket, football, racing and cycling clubs live and thrive here, and three daily and an equal num ber of weekly nowspapers cater to the information- seeking public. The advent of the railway has made a big difference in the mode of life in Coolgardie, and almost all the rough side of goldfields' life has now departed. And with the facilities of communication comes the luxuries and extras which go to make life in Coolgardie what it is today, "not too bad." Indeed, a good dinner at one of the big hotes here compares favor ably with that supplied at any Melbourne or Sydney hotel, and you forget for the moment that you are in the wilds of Westralia. The cost of living, too, has been considerably reduced, and is now not more than an advance of about 25 per cent. on Perth prices. At a distance of 23 miles from Coolgardie and con nected with it by rail, we come to the town of KALGOORLIE. the centre of the East Coolgardie gold fields. East Coolgardie, though one of the smallest, is already the principal gold-produ ing district in Western Aus tralia. Here are situated the great lode formations nearly five miles in extent, in the development of which enormous capital in invested. Progress is notice able everywhere, and the town of Kal goorlie bids fair to rival Coolgardio in importance. The town is laid out in the same wise manner, intersected with fine broad rectangular streets. Embrac ing as it does some of the best mines in the colony, the slump has not affected it so materially as its sister town, and good substantial buildings are going up everywhere. All that I have previously stated in regard to life in Coolgardie applies with equal truthfulness to Kal goorlie. Four miles to the south-east of Kalgoorlie is THE BOULDER a township of some 300 or 4,000 souls, which is fast coming into prominence. It is situated adjacent to the Great Boulder and several other important mines, and promises to yet become lively rival to both Kalgoorlie and Coolgardie. On Friday evening last, 20th inst., I left Coolgardie for Perth; and some 16 1/2 hours later arrived, in the Weatralian capital, which is fast becoming quite an important city and a credit to the colony of which it is the centre of Government. A few words with regard to my stay here I may at some future date, with your permission, supply to your readers. For the present, Au Revoir ! ' Perth, W.A., August 26th. 