£1 ttrarp Cftit Cfcat: Guy Boothby, novelist, prottgiot Ward, Lock & Co., erstwhile private secretary and South Aus. sassiety man, intends to take a run out to the " kawlinieB" sometime in '98. At a recunt post-prandial gathering of authors it was hinted that the exquisitely dressed one, having successfully made " A Bid for Fortune," would masquerade as "A Beautiful White Devil" once again in antipodean "Strange Company," when murders on lonely islands and moralisings on "Lost Endeavours " would be below par. In his " Lust of Hate " there is nothing but. mediocrity, the motif is threadbare, description tedious, geography bookish, and the tale drags wearily from Markapurlie in the Back Blocks to the kill in South Africa. Nikola, the everlasting, is in it; and Nikola, half man, half devil, is just about played out. Guy's "Sheilah McLeod/' just published, comes through Skeffington's. Higinbotham, ex- pressman, politician, and late C.J. of Victoria, has been biographed. The book, published by McMillan & Co., is a neat get-up, and contains just what a biography should do. Higinbotham was a white man who held most unconditional views on. religious and. social question?, which brought him much in tilt with the orthodox and unco guid. " Sixty Years of Books and Bookmen" emerges from the pen of Clement K. Shorter, the Sketch editor. C.K.S., be it remembered, fell foul of the Bulletin, and climbed down, after publishing one of Louis Becke's stories, which first appeared in the red-covered paper. Shorter's book will be invaluable alike to the busy man and the dilettante. The arrangement is better and the information more concise than Morley's volume in the "Tanchritz" collection. "Jennings CarmichaePs poems do not go well in Adelaide," said the manager of a large Adelaide bookhouse the other day. " Australian goods to sell well must reach us through Angas & Robertson. Lawson's and Banjo Paterson's verses haven't time to get dustcqvered." Literary merit counts for little; popular taste, appearance, and advertisement are the factors that move the market. There is a run on "God" titles amongst Publisher Bowden's latest books. Le Gallienne—hysterical and emotional—is worrying mortals with "If I were God." The wrapper is attractive and—Le Gallienne isn't God. "Borderland" Stead opened up a fresh avenue of horrors when he let loose his " Christ and Chicago" on an unsuspecting world. " The Sorrow of God" is an infliction of platitudinarian sermons by the Rev. John Oates, from the self-same Bowden, and under the aegis of Ward, Lock & Co. Coulson Kernahan trots out " The Lonely God," which is very reminiscent of ultra-imaginative German romanticism. O.K. reached the summit of his nebulous imaginings in " God and the Ant," and he has strained himself in his last effort to get higher. If God is lonely as The Ominpotent he can easily beat up some company. Reviewers are wishful for inkspillers to give God a rest. Kathleen Watson's "Litanies of Life" is well worthy a second edition. Tay Pay O'Connor indulges in a dithyrambic concerning the contents, and another impassioned critic sums up: "An anthology of * beautiful elegaic prose poems ; the intensity of their pathos affects one mightily." A globetrotter might well make the volume compagnon de voyage. Daring flights into the regions of diablerie, repelling while they fascinate : " The Ape, the Idiot, and Other People," by W. C. Morrow. "The Chances of Death, and Other Studies in Evolution" comprises a collection of essays by Karl Pearson (through Edward Arnold). Pearson has already given the public " The Ethic of Free Thought" and " The Grammar of Science.". He fills two vols, this time, but after all is said, mortals have no chance with a certainty like Death. Phil May's " Qraphic Pictures," in album form, are well worth purchasing. Phil is a prominent figure in the circles of the " gilded uppers " of the world's hub and his hair fringe hangs in the same direction as it did in his Sydney days. "Simondale," Anthony Hope's latest, is running serially through The Queen. It is another historical romance, following on the heels of " Zenda." " The Adventures of John-Bell, Ghost Exposer," by L. T. Meade and Robert' Eustace, in Cassis each monthj are out of the ordinary. Mrs. Meade has a Benchant for the outrt, and Eustace, in collaboration, peeps her within cooey of the track of interest. Louis kecke is doing short stories for the same magazine. Twenty cents a word is high-water mark for author's pay. This, according to New York Critic, was handed over by Scribners to Rudyard Kipling for his " Railroad Story " in the August number. Rudyard's new vol. is " Captain Courageous " (McMillan's). Gov. Brassey has been letting himself go in the September number of the Nineteenth Century. His article, " The Diamond Jubilee in Victoria," divested of gush and grovel, is a readable, one. Perhaps Gov. Buxton will oblige with the D.J. in S.A. The scientific, sensational H. G. Wells, of Time Machine fame, has another shocker between two covers which he dubs "The Invisible M,an." He limns him as the enemy of the human race, and crowds plenty of incident on to the story of tracking him down. The hunted terror is caught at the finis, and makes a pitiful re-entry into the visible world, and the curtain comes down on a piece of pathetic tragedy. Douglas Sladen's " On the Cars and Off," detailing a jaunt from Halifax in Nova Scotia to Victoria in Vancouver's Island, is out at cheaper figure than the first ed. A catchpenny in the new one is an illustrated chapter on " Klondyke," by P. A. Hurd. Sladen has written a lot of stuff since he was in the History chair at the Sydney University in the early eighties, and we are grateful to him for sewing up to us the " Century of Australian Song." Harmless time-killers, light, breezy, and pleasant:— " The Paradise Coal Boat," Cutcliffe Hyne; " The Charmer," Span. F. Bullock; "A Deserter from Philistia," E. Phipps Train; "The Paper Boat," Palinurus. Forthcoming very shortly will be " The Midhursts of Mindala," by Mrs. Waterhouse, the South Australian authoress, and amongst Ward, Lock & Co. 's latest consignment there are Ethel Turner's " Miss Bobby" (already noticed) and "Australian Fairy Tales," by Atha Wesbury. 