WOMAN'S. WORLD. (BY "SYLVIA.") . As usual, Rumour was busy all the year assuring the world in general that the dressing at Royal Ascot in June was to be of the quietest. It was ridiculous in the first place to hint at such a possibility in this particular, - ear, which has been one long round <-. gaiety, and though the rumour was accepted passingly by the -multitude each individual was fully determined to dress for all she was worth. The weather was glorious, and never before, perhaps, were so many miles of lace and ribbon called upon to decorate the frocks -«ffjFaahion's devotees. Every gown was trimmed from neck to hem with ribbon, chiffon, and jewelled lace. There were two distinctive qualities which no one could fail to remark in the dressing this-year, and by a strange coincidence these had to do with the two extremities of the female form divine. The one was the curious absence of towering structures in the way of millinery, and the other was the fearful and amazing number of coloured boots and shoes. What think you of emerald green Morocco shoes worn with those of grass green lace on the Friday of the present ? " One Pallas-foot drawn back, revealed the azure of her house is a couplet that will have to be re-written by a poet of the new era. White, grey, green, and tan were the colours patronised at Ascot, black shoes being worn by not more than a dozen at most. It is a great mistake this sudden craze amongst English women for fantastic tints wishes, for their feet are notably their worst paint, but when society for. the en. mange there is no one left out to make invidious remarks, and every one is happy. And then, you see, as they have conceded a point in the matter of hats they claim the right to turn their attention to shoes. For there were no tall hats at Ascot this year; towering aigrettes and. nodding; plumes were turned into flowing- tufts of paradise plumes, and the flower decorations round the brim scarcely varied in height. These brims, whether fluted, turned up at the back, or plain, were positively narrow, and, as usual, were jauntily started downwards ever the left eyebrow. * , # * # # -Yesterday morning I arose from dreams Some of the lovely gowns dreams that have followed me through the day and come between me and' my duties, and re feels to be driven away by any other than the true and tried method of passing them ageing to somebody else. When Mark Twain was haunted through sleepless nights and days by a terrible jingling rhyme that would not let him be," he just managed to save his reason and lay the ghost by teaching the rhyme to his friend and thus do I * * * m . -Pale grey, hyacinth blue and lettuce green were the favoured colours. The Princess of Wales appeared in a delicate pearl silk gown, and wore her favourite " princess " bennet in white. The Duchess of York honoured pale blue. Lady Pearson wore a skirt of chiffon on cream satin foundation with cherry coloured lace insertion; the corsage was Irish lace, trimmed with gold embroidery, which was outlined with a narrow cherry coloured velvet cord. Dorothy, Viscountess. Cantelupe wore pale blue foulard, the bodice having a y else of guipure lace and trimmed with, chiffon ruchings. Mrs. George Peck donned a. lovely frock of blue' and white striped silk, trimmed with guipure Mrs embroidered in. tarqruásA.and steel nished at the neck, waist, and view with pale blue crepe V Cliirie.V Mawr Neville wore dove grey- cashmere with bolero »odiCÄ- arrangedover a- vest of green and veiled valley, the sleeves of cashmere having immense of silk amtchiffonr Lady. Terence Blackwood appeared in a dainty frock of cornflower blue chiffon and lace, white sleeves and wide girdle of white chiffon falling to the hem. Lady Sophia Scott wore the finest Indian muslin, embroidered applique of muslin over eau de Nil silk on the skirt, soft folds of muslin edged with lace at either side the green silk vest, and a shot green glace sash., Mrs. Farquharson's frock was pale blue crepe de Chine, the skirt trimmed with flounces of lace, an applique of lace and steel embroidery on the corsage, and a long white chiffon sash. The Hon. Mrs Orr Ewing wore blue grenadine over blue silk, with an embroidered pinafore bodice and a vest of cream chiffon. The Baroness Campbell wore white silk grenadine embroidered in black and white, the pouched bodice having rosettes and sash of black moire ribbon. Mrs Reade Revell was dressed in pale grey voile, embroidered in butter-coloured guipure ; the sleeves were tucked grey chiffon, with insertions of cherry-coloured silk and a pointed tucked belt of the same. Mrs. Filtman's dress was green silk, the bodice embroidered in cream and pale blue and rows of cream chiffon quiltings on the skirt. Need I say more ? I think this is enough to give us an idea of what may be done even here in lodes. way when those cold east winds and rains are over. . . * * . It is not the season for novelties. If you go down town and even hint at a desire to see something new the people in the shop think you are a dangerous lunatic at large. "Not for another five weeks at the very least they answer, " Why the sales have hardly begun yet" One little nick-nack is promised shortly, and that is a new hat pin which has been invented by a London milliner. It isn't a thing that goes any easier through the mass of velvet; or even the " Simple Sailor," I regret to say. The new hat pin also props, goes on a little way, squeaks and then plunges wildly forward, while we shut our eyes and for one moment think of our last end, but it is more ornamental, and that is something | gained. The heads are now composed of those pretty little enamel flags and designs with which we were wont to secure the veil, and are quite pretty, except, of course, ski', that terrible business end which stands out at the other side.' */***# 'I have had a description in advance of spring Of the Spring parasols, which are to be things of beauty and of quite terrific cost. "One's- in cream fine, with a flight of hand painted > butterflies at one side, and a deep flounce of cream lace, the handle being gun metal studded with diamonds. A second had beautifully embroidered roses on a foundation of delicate blue silk. says One of the many gifts received by the Queen this year was a lovely sunshade, presented by the Right Hon. C. P. Villiers, "the father of the House of Commons." It is of beautiful black lace, the handle being gun metal, set with festoons of fine white diamonds, and crown and monogram of the same, and bears the inscrip- tion, "Presented to the Queen by Her Majesty's oldest parliamentary subject, C. P. Villiers." the Lace cassocks, "bran new fra' France," promise to be popular. They are really lace blouses without sleeves, having a flounce of lace sewn on beneath the satin waistbands Guipure and heavy embroideries are chosen for these seasons, as they are made separately from the bodice and may be worn over any dress, and a flimsy texture would soon lose its shape. Nearly all white dresses have insertions of yellow em broidery. and even the blue foulards which are again such favour are not considered Complete without a deep collar of heavy yet fowle. Quamt-oMCtaribaldi-bodices have returned to us after many days, and very sweet «¡heyloot on slim figure with their «aas»Ka^8#lt $£*& away says she anti-war made in check until;, the tovell ifceiBg-^iny bars of green.vwhrte.. and was, quite the. prettiest design often. trace we know that it is fashionable. The bodice was made a good deal preached, the front] being-a mass of the wee tucks we see your baby linen, with frills of half-inch wire Valenciennes at intervals, the whole thing into a two-inch band of the set. 