\ LIXCoLNSJIIUli (1110.iT STORY. GIJUiiSOMK HJftCOVERY AT A From Hal ton ilolcrut-.-, a village near Spil» bury, Li:i;o:a=liirc. ix'UiOS a quaint ghost fciury, L.-iiio'ii-o with k, liowovor, an air of reality in tho form or authoritative dataiU vviiicn accounts lur zi:s bc:iMitiou it nas causeu in t.'ie usighbourhood. Ti.e spot where tho unearthly tapping*, ani otuur unfuaiiliar iounda denoting the prcacuco of au apparition ire reported is a fannhouso neur tbo village, lUiudiag back soui-* di-tanca from the high roud. A Lincoln rejx»Hcr, who visited it laat mouth, fouud it occupied hy a Mr. und Mra. \Vilson aud their servant man. When questioned Mrs. Wilson was at nrst very reluctant to lunko any st*teiue»u, but subsequantly narrated a rather remtoKhio story. According to this the Wilsons -*^|Hb the placo on Lady Day la«&. The first iWr so thoy heard very strange noises ubout cryd- ' iiigut as though a mysterious person was kucckiiijf at tha doom and walU. Once it Beoaaed oh though some ono was hurriedly moving about all tho furniture downstairs. AnotDcr timo the noise was like a boavv pic:ure falling from the wall; but in Uio moraing the minutes found everything as right as it was tha night before Nevertheless the servant man lull tha promibea, saying ho daro not btop, and the Wilsons had* to Becure tho services of another. . About six weeks ago 'something' was seen. One night Mrs. Wiluon, before getting into bed. whero her hiwband bad already retired, thought she would go downstairs aud acu if tlitt cow was safe. She satisfied herself that the animal waa all right, and was at tho tout of the stairs preparing to go up again wboa she saw kii old mu stauding above 'her a: the top*:id gazing directly at her. 'He was bti^ndiurf,'' said Mrs. Wilson, 'an though ho was very round-ahouldered. How I got past I iwuiioc sav, but I darted past him into tiui bedroom and slammed the door. Even here, b'-v.-c'.vr. I felt some one was behind raiL 1 turued round sharply, and there again etood tin* same old inau. lie quickly vanished, but I -in rjaite certain 1 caw him. I bave alto wsun him several times since, though not quito no distinctly/' ,. Aftor recounting her strange experience r mtz. Wilson conducted tbe reporter to tha ftiuing-room, where a gruesome discovery had ben made. In one corner the floor, it up pearcd, was very unoven, and here a day or two &£o Mrs. Wilson took up the bnckawith tlin intention of relaying them. No sooner bad j'.ie douo this, however, than a most dis a^roeatile odour was emitted. Her snspicions were arouif-j. Sho called her husband, with ?.vito-e a«isUDcea minute examination of tho p'.aco was commenced. With a stick three or :our bnues were soon turned over, together witii a goid ring and sovcral oieees of old Hack silk. All theso had evidently been buried in qaicklime. tbo bones and auk being obviou-sly burnt therewith. The search was not prosecuted further, but a quantity of aand sv.-u introduced, and the floor was quickly levelled again. . . ? Here, auconlingly. are aU the elements of a last century romance. Fending further de velopments it is interesting to note tbat Mrs. Wilson holds the belief that at some time or other foul play must have, taken place in the farmhouse she is living in. Dr. Guy, to whom, tho bones were submitted, stated that thoy were undoubtedly human, but he believed iboy would be nearly 100 years old. 