DR. JOHNSOJST ON LAW AND LAWYERS. It muBt always bo interesting to lawyers to boor tho opinions of ail intelligent layman on tbern and thi ir profession, especially when tho Inymau is one with tbo robust good sense of a Dr. Johnson, Jor too many laymen I a lit sod trash tibout tbo law lind its professors. Kvon n mini liko the poet Wordsworth, himself tile son of n coimlry solicitor, ootild write like this in " A I'oet's Kpitiiph " " A lawyer Art thou ?-draw not nigh ; (Jo carry to some other place Tho keenness ol that practised eye. The hardness of Hint flnllow face,'' This kind of abuse is cheap ; rotnlintion <-usy : " A. poot att thou P Scarecrow fly, And carry lo scuno other clime Tbo frenzy of that rolling eye, 'J lie twaddle of that timeless rhyme. Juhnson was full of prejudice, but on law and lawyers ho ir»s remarluhly lucid and just. "Lawyers, bo ssid, "know lifo practically. A bookish man should always liavo tbem to converse with. They havo what bo wants." It is a curious fuct that nt tho age uf fifty-six " tho ({rout lexicogiapher,'' as Miss l'inki rlon in " Vanity Pair " delighted to call liini, had ictujilly composed a prayi r -anil a very good one, tou-that. his study of it might be naiicti fled " to direct tho doubtful and instruct the ignorant, to prevent wrong uud terminate con tention." It is a matter for real regret that he never carried out bis design. How well we cao picture the ponderous doctor as ft learned [ Qiuifn's (or rather King's) Counsel, redoing on his points to the (lourt, or haranguing a jury, while " words cf woudrous lrugth and thuuderiug sounds " amazed the gaping occu pants of tlio jury-box I A friend of lJr.Jobnson once said that he was like a ghost, vilio never spoke until he wtis spckcu to-the truest description of him, the doctor said, ever given ; aud it is to the initi ative of the inquisitive Bosweil-of course, the admirable showman-that wo owo tho doctor's dicta on law and lawyers. Boswoll wis going to the English Bar, or rather playing at it, and a gay friend, ho said, h»d advised him against being a lawyer, because ho would bo excelled by ploddiug blockheads. " Why, sir," said Dr. Johnson, " iu tbe formulary and statutory part of the law a plodding blockhead may excel, but in tbe ingenious and ratioual part of it a plodding blockhead can never excel." " You must not indulge," went on tho doctor, " too sanguine hopes should you be nailed to our Bar. I was told by a very sensible lawyer that there are a great many chanccs against auy man's success in tho profession of the law. Tho can didates are go numerous and those who gut largo practice are so few. Ha said it was by no means true that a man of good parts and ap plication is suro of having business, though he, iudeed, allowed if mch a uiau could but apyour iu a few causes his merit would be known, aud ho would get forward ; and that the. great risk was that a man might pass half a life-time ill the courts aud liuver have au opportunity of showing Ilia abilities." This is as much a melan choly truth to-dny ns it was a hundred years ago. " What means may a lawyer legitimately use to get on?" Nieo questions of cusuistry arise. " A gentleman,' says Boswell, " told mo that a countryman of hiB ami mine, Wodderbum-afterwards Lord Loughborough -who had risen to emineuco in the law, had, when first making his way, solicited him t» get him employed in oity causes." Johnson : " Sir, it is wrong to stir up law suits ; but when once it is certaiu tlint a law suit is to go on, there is nothing wrong in n lawyer's endeavouring that he shall hare the benefit lather than another." BOHWQU: "'You would not solioit employment, sir, if you were a lawyer ?" Johnson : " No, sir ; but not because I shonlil think it wrong,but bfcairc ] should disdain it." This is a good distinction which will ba fell by men of just pride. He proceeded: "However, 1 would no! have a lawyer to bp wanting to himself in usinj; fair means. I would have hiin to inject u little hint now and then to prevent his being over looked," This is a very tolerant view o[ professional otiquetto. When the great Duclies-* of Marl borough called at young Murray's chambers am! found him out- wo may presume he was en gaged in drink'mg champngne with his wits the imperious dame said, on meeting liim next: .' Young man 1 if you want to rise in your pro fession you must not sup out.'- Boswell had an uneasy feeling that ho mint givo up supping out, aud he put it to Johnson whether a veri extensive acquaintance in London might not he prejudicial to a lawyer Said Johnson : " Sir, you will attend to busi ne«s as business lays bold of you. When not actually employed you may see your frionJs »s much as you do now." Sir Matthew Hale onee said that it was as great n dishonour as a man were capable of that ho should be hired for a. little money to say otherwise than he thought. But the truer and juster view of the ethics of advocacy is well ex pounded by Johnson. Boswell feared thattlie affectation of warmth in a client's cause might produce habitual dissimulation. " Why, no, sir, a man who is paid to tumble -tho metaphor is not- flattering to the luwyer -will not go on tumbling when he is !:ot tn be paid for it." Lawyers cultivate the difluscr graces of rhetoric. They are sometimes accused oven of garrulity. " It is unjust, sir, said Johnson, " to censure lawyers for multiplying words when they argue. It is often uecessar> for thum to multiply words. 'I'his,' (he said), referring to some point) " you must enlarge 011 when speaking to the Committee (of the House of Commons). You must not argue there as if you were arguing in tho schools. Close reason ing will not fix their attention. You must say the same thing over and over again in diftorent words. If you pay it but once they miss it in a moment of inattention." 