LADY WYNDHAM'S TRANCE. -4--f- A very curious story is told in the nort-west of Somersetsllire concerning a lady who lies huried in St.. Decuman's Church, between Williton and 11Wat.cht. Sir William Wyndham, who died in Octoher. 1(183, married Frances, the daughter of Anthony Hlungerford, of Fairley Castle. Several sons and ldaughters were horn to them, and then, mullch to the grief of her lord, the lady fell ill, and apparently died. She was lunit into a collin, carried u1111 the hill side, and laid in the family vault in St. Decuman's Chlm'ch, beside anotlher Wyndham who had died several years previously. The mourners returned to the now desolate home, ate the funeral bake-mneals, drankl( the consoling culip, and retired to rest. At. midnight the sexton, one Will Att.ewell, mlight, have heen seen creep ing stealtllily along the northern aisle of the church. He had a lantern in one hand, and a chisel and file in the other. Going to the \VWyndha1(.n vult, he forced opl-en the lid of the coflin, which had ceen deposited there a few hours before, and the feehle light from the lantern fell on tile pallid face of Lady Wyndham. I-er thin while hands were crossed over the broast, and on the fingers gleamed the jewelled gifts of her loving husliand. At the sight. of these the sexton's eyes slpiarkled with delight, a111 he began to remove thelin from the IC.apering fingers. One by one they slipped off the fingers. lbut aL Ibeautiflfl diamond ring, the choicest gem the lady wore, refused to leave the hand of its dead mistress. The sexton took upii his file and began to clut through the circle of gold. As he did so the file grated on the flesh, and n drop of blood oozed out. How strange that a colrpse should blold ! Then the hand was slowly with drawn from his grasp, and the lady Rat upright. in her coffin. Thle sexl.on gave a shriek ofl' error an1d fled(. Realising what had hlaoinel1d. Iandy Wyndllha m sprang out of her collie. took up the In tern whi.h the sexton in his terronr ihad lefl hehinl hint and ran to her old home. The family had rel.ired, hut. the noise eventuallv aroused a maid-servant. who looked out, of the window :l1d then ran shrieklinl through lhe house, "My lady's ghost is at. Ihe oolr!" \?itVh n girot cry lie .1 ionllislied ini? hnld "ran downlstail', 1nloclkerl the doori. Ithrow hiin (ar1ms around the brlantllinc? form of ,Lady Frances, 1(nd carried beri into her morn!. 'I'Thorn lie learnt tle ron-Iac, of lier arrlival, alnd how it 11b r' hoo1 l il'ouidit. (lionlt. In.ary Wnvcldham, s:o stal'lgrey re;snitll from n liiurt fm11111. irecoivered heal l. nnmd st»r!1!h. allnl lived man:ay} vnni's in the hnl-lir- ll union with hlr h1in;halnd. Tn nI. n ',r.:..,,· r 's r('llr:r 'h tho in, oll Of with fi:e'': ', nro it. w'hirhl' rl" noilnted out i cn ;ir';la lion of the ,stor'y. EAT rONEIS' IXT. ,TA3dg. 