TELEGRAMS. THE ELECTORAL CAMPAIGN- ESPERANCE DOINGS. ESPERANCE, April 19. Mr J. E. Connolly's candidature for Dun das. which is distinguished as being an independent candidature, is progressing well, and a strong committee of leading men has been formed. He is a firm supporter of the direct Esperance to Norseman railway ; one man one vote; a free breakfast table; and, if necessary to replace the revenue thus remitted, he would be iu favor of taxing incomes over £300. Mr,Connolly also advocates the establishment of model and experimental farms. Mr Arthur Austin, the Mayor of Norse man, spoke at Esperance on Saturday, his speech, being practically a repetition of his Norseman address. He made a vehement attack on the Ministry. The audience afforded him a fair hearing, but the vote of confidence was not passed, and Mr Austin was merely thanked for his. address. He is not likely to secure six votes at Esperance. Mr E. A. Harney has arrived here, and speaks to-night. His candidature is very unpopular, as it is considered that he has been foisted on th<* constituency by Coolgardie in order to make room for Mr A. E. Morgans, the full report of whose speech is now re ceived. Great indignation is expressed athis only advocating the railway from Coolgardie to Norseman, without making any reference to Esperance. Mr Harney not likely to receive a very favorable hearing, especially since he has declared that his policy is identical with Mr Morgans'. Mr Austin, in hiB speech, stated that if elected, Mr Morgans would be leader of the goldfields party, and p obably would be made M inister of Mines. If Mr Harney does not advocate, together with the goldfields party, the line from Esperance to Coolgardie he will not have the ghost of a chance of splitting Mr Oonolly's votes, as the latter is supported by an immense majority of the electors, and very few are likely to be influenced by mere oratory. We must have a local man, and will not submit to be made subservient to the convenience of Coolgardie. 