BY ANNA SHELDS. _*_ TWENTY years apart in the tide of time I heard the two stories here recorded, and the tales were told to me as I here narrate them, one in the little village of Northam, in one of the New England States, the other at Silver Creek, Mississippi. So far apart in time and place, heard of the appearance of Talbot's ghost and the explanation of its weird visit. I was spending a summer at Northam on the invalid list still after a sharp attack of typhoid fever, and I had taken the illness from my mother, whom I had nursed until the bounding fevered pulse was stilled by death's chill breath. I was broken in heart as well as health when I came to Northam to take Mrs. Talbot's back room, reserved for the one boarder she received every summer. "I'm not to say obliged to take boarders," she told me, "but I like to have one from the city. It cheers the place up a bit. I'm not country-born, Miss, but I've lived here thirty years, since ever I was married, and my husband and four boys lie in the church-yard yonder, and so I'm fond of the place." "Four sons !" I said. "What a heavy loss !" "Yes, Miss, and they were all to say growed, for Dan'l, the youngest, was fourteen when he died." Then the talk drifted on into the inevitable channel of such conversations, and she told me of her husband's illness and of that of the boys who had died "to home," and from that we talked of supernatural visitations. "You don't believe in ghosts ?" she said, as I smiled over some marvellous village story ; "and I ain't to say superstitious myself ; but there are strange things that happen ; there are, indeed !" I saw that she had more to tell me, for the whole bent of her conversation proved to me that she was not only superstitious in a mild way, as we are all more or less, but firmly believed all the wonderful events she had related. "I don't often speak of it," she said, presently, for I don't want all Northam gossiping about my David ; but I'll tell you. You've noticed the room at the head of the staircase next mine ? That was David's room. He was my eldest boy, and never contented on the farm here. So while he was but a boy yet I let him go with my brother in Lowell and learn the business he was in— sign writing. He was a good boy. and he came home often. Spent the summers here mostly, and would come and go through the year. You know, Miss, there's one train from Lowell passes here after midnight, and Davy came often on that. So we left the side door un- locked, for there's not much to steal, and we've never had a burglar on the place. He was very intimate with one of his fellow-clerks, Tom Dennis, and a many a time they'd come together of a Saturday night, and up to their room without waking the folks up. But never once but I heard them. I was always, you may say, listening for Davy till after that midnight train had passed. Well, Miss, one day I had a letter from him, and he said he wasn't very well and was coming home soon to take a long rest. I cleaned up his room and watched for him, but didn't sit up, for that, he didn't like. But I put a supper out for him every night, just as he liked it, and fruit and milk always, for he said there was no fruit like Northam fruit. "Well, Miss, it come a Saturday, and I felt sure Davy would be with us for Sunday. I put out his supper and left the door unlatched, and when the midnight train passed I was wide awake. I did not hear the locomo- tive whistle as usual, but I heard the clock strike. It took Davy a matter of twenty minutes to walk over from the station, so when it struck one I gave him up for the night. But just as I was dozing off I heard the click of the gate latch, and then a step up the walk, straight to the side door and up the stairs to Davy's room. He did not go for his supper and I wondered a little, but I heard him moving about in his room. It was bright moonlight, and I didn't wonder that there was no light under my door, as there would be if he lit the candle. I thought he was undressing in the moonlight, till I heard him cross the room and go out again. "He's for his supper now, I thought, but he went downstairs and straight out the door, down the path and out the gate. I jumped out of bed then and looked out of the window, and on the road I could see him walking back to the station. "There was no more sleep for me, and I fretted till morning, wondering what could have come over David. But, Miss, in the morning, Tom Dennis, I told you of, came to the farm. There had been an accident on the midnight train just before she reached Northam Station. A many a one was killed, and my Dave was lying dead by the roadside, when his spirit came to this room. For he died before one o'clock. Tom was good and kind and took his last words to me down in writing, and brought him home to us. But I've never done blaming myself I didn't see him or speak to him, when he came to say good-bye to his mother." It was a strange story, and told with the mother's quivering lips, tearful eyes and perfect faith, it made a strong impression upon me, the more so as she told me many little incidents that proved Talbot's love for his mother to have been unusually strong and childlike for a man so much away from his home. For twenty years the story of Davy Talbot's ghost was the one supernatural visitation that I believed to be well authenticated and true. But many changes had come into my life, and I found myself one night with a party of friends and strangers sitting round a crackling wood fire on Christmas night at the village of Silver Creek, Mississippi. The negroes were all away merrymaking, and my hostess had a large number of relatives and friends, many of whom, as I said, were strangers to me. By the firelight we told ghost stories, and I gave my one account—the only one I ever told— of ghostly visit- ation. I had told it many times before, and always un- disputed. But on that evening a middle-aged man sit- ting near me said : " Excuse me, madam, for seeming to be inquisitive but was the young man's name Talbot ? " I had purposely omitted names, but I answered "Yes," for I thought so far away and so long after the event, it was no betrayal of confidence. " Yes, " I said, '' his name was David Talbot. " " And the farm was at Northam ? " " I see you have heard the story before, " I said. " No, I never heard the story, but suppose I tell you one. David Talbot was my most intimate friend. We shared one room in a Lowell boarding-house, one desk in the counting-house of a great Lowell factory, and, whenever I could make a holiday, David's mother made me welcome at Northam farm. " " Your name is Dennis ? " " Yes, madam, my name is Tom Dennis. I was a young man about twenty-two when David told me his love story. He was engaged to an only daughter of a rich Lowell manufacturer, secretly, (I do not like that,) but David said he would soon tell her father, and in the meantime he corresponded with—I'll call her Meta, and she wrote to him very often, and very lovingly. Too much so, I thought, for a young girl ; but David saw no fault. We were like brothers, as I said, and he often let me see a letter. One day, without any warning, he saw her marriage in the newspapers. She married her father's partner. The blow nearly killed David. For weeks he was like a man in a dream, and even when I coaxed him home for a day or two, he was only himself before his mother, and sank back into perfect illness as soon as he returned to Lowell. It was low fever, the doctor said, and David would not let me write to his mother. But when he was better he proposed himself to go to the farm for a visit. " We started on Saturday, and at midnight poor Dave lay dying in my arms near the station at Northam. There had been an accident—some obstruction on the line —and forty men and women were dead or dying all around us. I was uninjured, but David, on the same seat with me, and was torn by a piece of iron and injured fatally. I saw no one but him as I vainly tried to check the life-blood flowing from his terrible wound. " ' It is useless, Tom, ' he said. ' I'm going fast, but I want one promise from you before I die. ' " I gave him a quick promise to do anything that he asked. " 'Meta,' he whispered : 'she is not happy. Her husband is bitterly jealous and suspects she loves some one else. If I die, Tom, all those letters are in my desk at home. Nobody will open it while I live, but it may be overhauled if I die, and the letters are all signed. There's no knowing what mischief they may do if they are found. Tom, take the desk key out of my pocketbook, and promise me to get those letters and burn them before anyone else can see them—promise me !' "He actually raised himself up in my arms in his excitement, his loyal love for the woman who had played him false. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 