Cocal Holes & Hcuss. Anglican. — Third Sunday in Lent, March 21. ' Holy Trinity— Mattins at 11, evensong at 7-30 ; Beardy mission room at 3; Ben Lomond at 11; Glencoe at 3. Thursday, March IS. — Holy Trinity, evensong with address ('The third word from the Cross) 7.30 ; Friday, holy communion at 7 30 a.m. — Rev. Canon King, vicar ; Mr. E.. C. Kuox, lay reader. Presbyterian. — Services for Sunday next : — Glen Lines at 11 and 7.30, Waterloo at 3. — Rev. J. Edwards, B.A. Wksleyan.- — Divine'- service will, be 'conducted' next Sabbath by- Rev. G."'E. Hockey as' follows:— Glen Innes at 1 1 and 7."30; Red Range at 3.— Rev. W. T. S. Wright. Mr. A. Lasker, of the well known firm of Messrs. Lasker Bros., Merchant Tailors and Mer cers, S2 and 84 Hunter-street, Newcastle, is now in town with a splendid assortment of their new autumn and Winter Patterns from some of the best Scotch woollen mills. Their £3 3s Suits, and 16/6 Trousers to order, are well known in the north for comfort and wear. Also samples of Dr! Jaege'r's well-known Underclothing, undoubtedly the best made for winter, elastic anil warm. Sample room at Great Central Hotel. — Advt. Inverell Show. — The energetic committee who have the management of the Inverell Exhibition are leaving no stone unturned to make their forth coming show unusually attractive in all sections, and we hope a full measure of success will meet their efforts. As usual, Glen limes will be well represented by visitors, and the number of exhibits from this district are likely to be larger than here tofore. The following gentlemen from this district have been asked to act as judges : — Messrs J. F. Chaffey, J. Coventry, T. Black, W. Ruining, W. Gould, J. Sully, A. Hutchison, and J Wetherspoon. High prices were realised for the rights of booths at the show, which were offered at auction last Thursday. The two publican's booths brought £53, and £31 was the price obtained for the fruit stalls. Entries close on Thursday next at 6 p.m. Hospital Ball. — We are pleased to announce that the ball, which is to be held in the Town Hall to-morrow (Wednesday) evening, in aid of the hospital, promises to be a decided success. The appeal of the ladies who have the management for assistance has been' liberally responded to, and they art busily engaged making tasty dishes and culin ary luxuries that will tempt the most fastidious palate. The ladies of Glen Innes are noted for their dance suppers, but we understand that they intend to excel themselves 011 this occasion. Many fancy costumes will be worn, and the ball is certain to be graced by a bevy of fair visitors coming from far and near to the Show. At the late Tenterfield show the Singer Manu facturing Company's exhibit was the centre of at traction in the pavilion. Pictures executed , in silks, which on first glance were taken for oil pain tings, beautifully executed designs of flowers and fruits, etc , 011 cotton and cloth, surprised and de lighted the ladies. The display may be viewed at our Show, as per advertisement in another column. Military Inspection. — The annual inspection of K Company was conducted 011.. Saturday- last by- Captain Hilliard, Adjutant- of the 4th Regiment, representing the Commanding Officer. . There, w.i's a good attendance, 44 of all ranks being- present.. After a rigid inspection of the arms,: equipment, , etc., the officer expressed himself well satisfied,/ During the remainder of the afternoon the company, were excel cised in various manoeuvres." i\Ie>;SR.s. Davih "ones & Company beg to an nounce that their representative, Mr. A. T. Rer-s, is now .showing at the sample rooms, Great Central Hotel, iuN ranges of samples of all their large and beautiful stqcjo of Autumn and Winter Drapery, comprising all the latest designs in Dress Goods, Mamies, Lace and Fancy Goods, Ladies' and Chil dren's high' class Boots and Shoes. Special atten tion is directed to their celebrated Orient Clothing, men's and boys'. Tailoring in all its branches. All at competitive prices. Inspection cordially invited from this (lay to 'Friday, March 19. — Advt. Transferred. — Mr. <f. R. Solpnions, who has for 'jnaiiy. years past filled the office of assistant Road -Engineer, in'Glen Innes, has been, reipoved to In - .yei-ell, at which plafip lie succeeds Mr. E. Egan, who lias been transferred to Maclean. ' .' Stock Movements.— Sinco last report Eight horses front Queensland to Tabulain, R. R. Barnes, owner ; 19 horses frnnvWarwick, Q.dt, to Koreelab. H. H. Hopkins, owner ; 67 horses from Queensland to Sydney, M'Alister, owner . 62 horses from Clif ton. to Sydney, Kelly in charge ; 22 horses and 33 cows from Tenterfield Station to Coolatai, \\\ alker s Trustees, owners ; 335 mixed cattle from Blair Hill to Keera, T. Cooke and Co., owners. Ben- Lomond Church.— The contractor for the new building for the Anglican Church, nt Ben Lomond, is making such good progress with 'the work, that Cannon King informs ns the building will probably be completed, and opened by the. Bishop, at Easter. A Eambouillkt's Fleece. — The heaviest Ram- boullet fleece 011 record, writes an agricultural authority , weighed 60lb at 17 months and 10 days growth. It was taken from a three-year-old California!! ram, The information would have lieeii-of more value if the scoured weight of tire fleece' had been given. The same authority states that the heaviest merino fleece of 12 months growtli weighed 521b. It was taken from a -Spanish ram named Baby Lord, bred in Kansas. . ' In this case, also, 110 mention is made of scoured weight. The Effects of a Drought.— The graziers in the north- west districts of South Australia are in a most deplorable condition, to judge by a meeting held lately at Yunta aiid reported in tlie,;..Adelaide Observer, At the meeting it was stated that hundreds of miles of country were all but ruined, and'if not lightly stocked for the next two years would be permanently destroyed. ..Fifty per cent of the stock had already died, and if the coming year proved as bad as the past all the stock1 w.orild-.-. die. A deputation was appointed to wait 011 the Commissioners of Crown Lands to ask for a two years remission of rent from March 5. An Important Land Court Decision — The Land Appeal Court, sitting atTamworth on March 9, gave a decision in a matter that will affect a large number of other cases now pending in different parts of the colony. The Narribri Land Board had referred to the Court the question whether an inquiry held by the under sections 20 and 26 of the Land Act of 1884 in May, 1S93, in reference to A. 6. Thornley's conditional purchase, debarred additional inquiry under sections 20 and 135 of that act. The point to be decided was lis to the bona- fides of a selector, and whether the evidence given by-.liim 011 oath was given for the purpose of misleading. The Court held that the board was not entitled to hold a second inquiry, as te do so would involve a rehearing upon the bona-fides, which was the matter which bad been already adjudicated upon. A Small Cheque. — The Clarence Advocate says : — We were shown a cheque for Is 6d last week, being the return from a Sydney commission agent, on ten bags potatoes and one of pumpkins. This is another instance of shipping produce to Sydney when the market is gluttered ; but, of course, .is rather unfortunate for the grower, who could 110 doubt have sold some locally for at least £4. When asked to pay exchange of 6d on his return, lie was perfectly convinced that the "soil was.settled 011 him." Who says farming doesn't pay? Literary Goats. — A well-known English jour nalist at one. time resided in the-country, and kept a few goats tor the sake of their milk. The aui- irials gave him a considerable amount of trouble, b'ii't for the sake of their daily yield he patiently bore with tliem, until one day the climax arrived. It came about as' follows : — The journalist had completed the last of a series of . .articles, all of which! he had agreed to deliver at.a.certain news paper office at a fixed time, and, having laid dowil his pen, he sallied forth for a stroll before taking the imposing - bu if d 1 e sof papers up to Loudon for delivery. On looking round he misled two of the goats, which had dragged' hp the pins in which they were tethered, and followed tlie truants through the garden and into the greenhouse, on to: which his study opened. Here a fine sight greeted him ! The goats had devoured every plant and cutting in the glass-house, aud had then entered his sanctum, where they had somehow contrived to knock over his' tobacco-jar and consume the con tents. Upon their' master's entrance they were discovered hard "at work upon' his manuscript, which tliey had succeeded in destroying beyond hopes of redemption ; and the window curtains, which were of fioraL pattern, where completely ruined! It is unnecessary to enter into further de tails, but the goat keeping operations were termi nated instantly. What we Would Like to see in Glen Innes. — About the middle of September a plough ing match is held annually in Dupage County, Illinois. It takes place in a field of good stubble ground. Prizes arc offered for the best ploughing with walking ploughs aud with riding ploughs by meu, by boys under IS and over 15, and by boys under 15. A sweepstakes prize is given for the best ploughing by a boy or man any age with riding or walking ploughs. Usually a number of special prizes are offered. The match always arouses great interest, and is attended .by large crowds. This year it took place 011 the farm of John Gaber, near Naperville. Several thousands of people witnessed the proceedings. The result is, farmers for miles around take a great interest in good ploughing, i'lie boys especially are bene fited, gaining many points as to the best method of turning a furrow Where there is sufficient room inside the grounds, a match of this kind can pro fitably be held during fair weeks. A Grand Discovery. — Perhaps the most recent striking illustratian of the value of applied science (writes a Tusmanian) is the applicatjon ot what is called the bromo-cyatiide process to the saving of gold, which seems about to create a revolution. Many years ago, in the early da>s of Ballarat when quartz mining was held to be a very doubt ful industry ou that gold-field, Dr. Sutherland, who used to write letters to the old Ballarat Times, insisted that the true method to save all the gold \- would be by chemical process — the application, perhaps, of acid. He was laughed at, as quick silver was all the rage and lias been up to the present time. Moreover, he was quite unable to show how his theory could be applied. Still he hit upon the idea that, has been worked out with such effect that the manager pf the New Golden Gate Company, at Martliinna, - . promises his shareholders £50,000 in dividends from tailings alone by the application of the bromo- cythiide process. . Experience lias shown that by the' use of what I may call the mechanical .process of passing the crushed quartz through and over quicksilver there is always a loss- of from 1 dw't' to 2 (Lvt per ton. This was the experience ol a Port Phillip Company and the North Cluttes Company, in Victoria, where the .very best appliances and the highest skill were employed. It now appears that this loss can be recovered from the tailings at con siderable profit as the residt'of the new chemical proeess, which fulfils the idea of Dr. Sutherland. The New Golden Gate is one of the -great mines, for it has paid already the £133,600 ill dividends. The manager promises absolutely £60;000 more, apart from Ihe tailings, and lie is of opinion that the true lode in the mine is otily just being touched. There were many persons who declared' that every lode at Mathinna died out- at a few 1 -hundred feet deep, anil thjs'ipinc is dver 1,000ft. I The Cardinal and the Convention.— Refer- | rjng to the action Cardinal Moran took in the Federal factions, one ot the leading New Zealand journals (the Auckland Weeltly News) concludes an article in the following words It would have probably been better if, in bis high position as ah ecclesiastic lie bad confined his energies 'to the more important sphere of eccle siastical administration in which he is j so conspicuous. But that is a question entirely for the Cardinal himself to consider, for as the citizen of a country in which religious tests are nn recognised, either in the constitution or in public life and private citizenship, he is fully entitled to exercise all his rights as a citizen without the ghost of religious intolerance being invoked against biip.. Cardinal Moran lias for many years been known as an ardent federationist, and his enthusi astic loyalty to the Crown, his attachment to the uni.ty of the Empire, and his desire for the ex pansion of British power, hare frequently prompted hiir. to take a prominent part in movements having these objects in view, and it is known that his words and actions in this respect have exercised a profound- influence, more particularly perhaps on the minds of the members of his own faith through out Australia. That with such a record he should . on .this occasion be met by such an outburst ol Wctarfan fanaticism, cannot fail to give pain to every mind imbued with a sense of justice, and to ;evetyone that has been accustomed to feel proud of the boasted liberal spirit of Protestantism." Something for the Lawyers.— A new branch .of jurisprudence is arising out of the bicycle boom, dealing with collisions of velocopedists between themselves anil with vehicles of a solid description. Solicitors who take it up must either be bicyclists "themselves or ' read up ' the technicalities of the trade, and there is every prospect that they will reap a rich harvest, for the number of cycle col lision cases at the county courts and before other tribunals is increasing with amazing rapidity. Bridget's Rejoinkr. — Mr. J. L. Purves, Q.C., tells a good story at his own expeuse : — He was travelling td'.Ballaratjvia Geeloug, and gotoutj at the latter station for refreshments. He called for whisky and milk. The whisky was brought at once, but there was some'! delay about the milk. 1 Purves bawled, ' Milk ! Milk ! I want milk !' The waitress, very much bustled by her customers, at last brought him a jug and banged it down in front of the Q.C. She was an Irish girl, and her bloodjwas up. ' Pewhat's yer' yelliiT for?" she exclaimed ; ' is it milk ye want, indade ? Sure, it's about toime yejwere weaned !' 