LEGACY. BY E. J. LYSAOUtT. SLitS. .1AY.?xY Si:Es SO.11ITING. CHAPTER IV. (Continued.) " There. is-there mttust lhe some thillg wroing about it i" she sobbed. " It moves-it is alroe !" "Alive? Pooh, pooh, Ioilsence," said Joseph lHanniay, a good deal dis turbed by her terror, yet unable to believe that there was any cause for it. " Listen, husband," she said, speak ing in' a whisper, and glancing now and then at the door, as thlngh she be lieved that some weird thing, some un holy apparation, might snake itself visi ihie. " I was in the gallery, looking at it: all in a monmnt the red curtaii, was drawn across the picture; the face, the hand, disappeared ! I ran.frotm the gallery- oh i it is terrible !" "Sarah, Sarah, you're dreanming you're bilious-you're talking nonsense woman," said Joseph Hannay, not un kindly, but in some natural alarm, for his wife was a .sensille soul, a worthy woman, who went to chapel regularly and read no novels, (holding them to be pernicious books), a:nd' this sudden. outburst was a thing out. of the com mon. Mrs, Hlannay wrung her plump hands. "Awake, or asleep, I saw it-I did Joe; plain as I see you, and at the very' same moment, I heard-Lor' bless us, what's that: " "Nothing but the postman,; knock ing at the door. Coinm, Sarah, t.ll us jwhat you heard !" "Just as I ,as looking at it,"(with a shudder) 'just as the. painted hand let the curtain slip, there came the sound of a hell tolling; (not ringing pleasantly-hut tolling; as it tolls when one is dead."` "Vell and what` wonder'? Perhaps, they're burying some one at' St. Bare hones-the-Less; the wind's from the east, that what' youi heard ; they" al ways toll when thie corpse is comning in." '' No-- it was n't-not tlhiat-nor any thing like it. It was a bell, the like of whicli, i never heard before. It ~as in the gallery, yet :it ;"came from ever so far off " ?" Again Mrs. Hanniay: shuddered; and again she glanced at the door; .: " A bell, in the gallery, ' yet a great way ol !'' Sarah, my dear, you're not well; you're just a little bit bilious; you are just a little bit bilious : you: want change." &No; I don't Joe;, I'mn quite well. butlI heard it, and I saw it,'and if you keiep tihat picture in the house, I shall die of aright." ai <<f~ " Come, my dear," he said soothing lv, " I wont keep it if you like, there ! AIll the sanie I can 't believe that you really heard or saw anything. Just think a moment, Sarah; ;you're too sen sible to allow such a. fancy to stay in your head." " I tell you, Joe, I heard that bell, 1 saw the red curtain slip down and cover the whole picture;, ll, in one moment." "You must see Dr. Parker; he'll tell you that men and women see or think they see, all sorts of things-pigs flying the moon jumping, ghosts ap pearing-when their livers are out of order.". He spoke pleasantly, for Sarah was a good wife, and lie wanted to try and rally her spirits; but the attempt failed. Mrs. Hannay began to cry : "if you doent want to kill me, Joselph," she said between her sobs, "'you'll send it away -burn it-if you can't sell it-don't for pity's sake, keep it. here," " As to burning it, Sarah," responded MIr. Hannay,_'i":thiick when .you ,aie a little cualier-yo6'ill see the folly of doing that, The picture is worth money ; I'll sell it. if you like, to the very first custmioner that offers. There l will that satisfy you ?'' " Can you sell it to-day, do you think ?'' "Pooh Sarah I showi can I tell? It may be a week before anyone comes aud fancies it, a month perhaps; you see I don't know who paintad it, and that's against the sale." " If it stays under this roof, I shall loose my senses. I dread that picture, Josephl-and so would you, if you heard that:bell, and had seen the cur tain fall." "My dear Sarah, if this thing really happened, of course it's easy to go and see. If the picture is all right, with the face and hand visible, I think you'll agree with me in thinking that all your hearing and seeing only canme from hile. B.le, my dear, and nothing else;" She shook her head. " I won't go near the gallery, while that picture is there,' she said. He closed his ledger, stood up and said cheerfully: "'11 go anid look :t it, though I kuow very well what I shall see." He left the office and his wife.heard him ascend the stairs leading to the art :aallery. In two minutes, down he camne laughing and rubbing his hands. " fMy dear.good wife, the picture is: there, of course; and so is the face, ,and so is the haii?u;-comn up wt iteh m rand you'll he convinced." SNo, I won't, Joseph ; don't ask me ! Don't, for pity's sake !' " Well, I won't. I'll lock the gal lery and put the key in my pocket, anid I promise you I'll sell it, the first time I have a chance of doing so, without loss." " Oh 1 Joseph i Sell it whether you lose or not-if you;won't hurn it !" 