A GREAT WRONG: or., THE MYSTERY OF BLACK MOL- LOW GRANGE. CHAPTER XXIII.-(Continuid.) Maud Melville, flying homeward from the Gerhart cottage, almost stumbled over him, as he lay like a log across the moorland path. She stood still, with a quick, startled cry. " He's dead !" she gasped, dropping on her knees beside the prostrate figure. 2 j " He's surely dead, poor fellow !" V"' The lightning flashed, and the thunder fs I roared threateningly amid the peaks "46- above, and in a few minutes the storm of -h would be upon her. But Maud had no thought of leaving this suffering stranger V J alone. As she would have raised a hurt lamb, ,/ . she raised the handsome head, and began i jr to pass her soothing hand over the white K ( brow. It was covered with blood and a dirt, the fair, clustering hair was all \- L v tangled and clotted, and from the blue, of close-shut lips a bloody foam oozed. ') t ' An unutterable pain pierced Maud's IT'S' I tender breast, and a pity for this in n&fS;> "f known man filled her dark eyes with JJ" tears. *$*"' "He's dead, she moaned again. % I " Poor fellow I what shall I do for him ?" »*?$. " The big drops began to fall heavily, 1 and the winds shrieked across the gray -of r moors like a troop of banshees. She is " caught the rain as it fell, and bathed his x temples, smoothing back the fair hair ; v and under the mesmeric touches, the current of life began to flow again. A slow color rose in the marble cheeks, and she felt his heart beating against her 4 as she held him. Her tears, fell like the ss ' rain, and even then she experienced a Y Z sense of wonder at the sweet joy that of thrilled her a "Can you speak? Do you hear me? Do you suffer very much ?" ) Roused by the gentle voice, Sir Harry A; Tresham opened his handsome blue eyes Ex wide, and gazed about him with a bewil V dered stare. -i i f " What's the matter ? Where am I ?" "% * he demanded. "> " I think your horse must have thrown KJ you I found you lying here. Are you very much hurt a Tire young man struggled up to his V ; elbow, and drew his hand across his own eyes. as "? ?.' " Yes, I remember that confounded as' YY horse of mine ran down the cliff yonder. If "* No, I don't think I'm very much hurt. v",, ?' but the breath was knocked pretty well i, out of me. By Jove ! My brain. in a 3s- which yet." {:-'"\ He made an effort to regain his feet, V l ) but reeled and fell again, white and sick ft with pain. y? "Confound it! I beg you pardon, No madam, but the troubles in my right as ! ankle, I couldn't stand if I were to be of" a shot for it. And heavens! hark to the like thunder. A terrible storm is impending. ff'~~ Do not linger, madam, I beg. Ton are '£ÙJ_, -very kind, but there's no need that both Sails r , of ris should be drenched ; run for your own. life to the nearest shelter." to r "No, I shall not leave you," was her fesCvVw quiet answer! as ^¿f«.,St Harry turned and locked at her. Sister black brains were all in a tumble, DSO's-.) and dripping like a mermaid's, her cheeks fakir rose-red, and her black eyes shone like SPee 29". In all his life, he had never, he 4^¡,fr thought locked upon a handsomer face. lf||^>-5fDe*pi|eV-hiè pain and this disagreeable ¿||j|J?v^co'ndition his heart gave a little thrill of |ip£/C}\admiration. He was a passionate adore Ipffii ¿y 0 womanly loveliness. No 2 i utterly unconscious of his observation, ¡¡^V***" Maud continued : left it I shall not leave you, a stranger, "deg S and suffering as you are. I wouldn't fit I leave a crippled kid here in all this storm. .."*',, 3'"',. But we can't reach the Fellside now, and pY, therefore we must seek a nearer shelter. eye There's a little cave just round the ledge 775 there which is quite snug, and we've -» cî 1 no time to lose. These Highland storms we- are soon over, but they are severe while they last. Come now, let me help you, -> " please. You must lean upon me. ham 4 " a strong, and it won't hurt me." ?^:/.v' Sir Harry looked at her again as she -j.:, '? passed her little young arm about him, I £ a smile that was half admiration half a * amusement lighting his handsome eyes. ,r He had known so many lovely, high-born 1 ' * ladies, and this girl, with her dark beauty t 9 and her womanly tenderness, was so in ss I like them , ? ' "Lean on me, please," she continued, clasping him close, and the touch of her strong, sore arm thrilled some fiber in the ss" i young noble's being that never touched , him before. "Mr "Thank you. How good you are. How to shall I ever repay you for all this ?" he *<. ? l murmured, a tremor in his voice. ;. " ' . ft Oh, never mind, only lean on me, and I let us get into the cave." * '- And leaning on her, almost clinging to her in his acute pain and helplessness, he let her conduct him round the sharp cor , ner of the ledge and into the little cave o! 5 which she had spoken. i A curious place it was, walled and 1- roofed with stone, and on one side their VI was a rude seat cut in the solid rock. Maud got her patient under the shelter of this sylvan roof, and seated him upon the stone seat. He looked very white and 2 h faint, and the sweat of agony stood out 'l s \ upon his forehead in great drops. s, i " How good you are !" he repeated, ' , smiling up at her a smile that lit the part I can face with winning brightness. "What ' shall I ever do for you ?" v Maud laughed in answer, and her laugh was inexpressibly sweet and girlish. ex "No matter now ; let us wait till the , ' : storm is over, and I'll try to think of some 4 thing," she said, pleasantly. * Hire it V Y comes now ; we did not get under cover a minute too soon." \-- And down the rain came in torrents, % the winds shrieking amid the hills with '' s fury that was appalling. K\ Sir Harry watched his companion as she looked out into the wild chaos with '' steady, shining eyes. " You do not seem frightened, he said. " Most ladies I have known suffer great fear in storms, and this one is terrible." " Yes ; but I have been used to them all my life. Indeed, I always enjoy a thunder-storm. Does your ankle pain 1 you much ? Can I do anything for you ?" 1 she added with a pitying glance. " Nothing more, thank you. My ankle is rather painful, but I can bear it." The minute the storm abated you shall have help. It is but a step from here to Fellside"' " The Fellside ! Is that your home ?" * "Yes. The house is just beyond the first there." j ? "And your friends will they not suffer great uneasiness on your account x" 9 x f to have no friends. I am alone." The pathos in her voice touched Sir f Harry's inmost heart. " Alone, and so young !" i J- 'S Yes. My father and mother sleep in a the little churchyard over there, and my fail, i sister-I have lost my sister.'' late Size. 3s;. " Lost her I Is she, too, dead I" "I do not know ; she may be." Turn- ing her dark eyes full upon him, she added : " Do you come from London, sir?" From London 1 Yes; why do you ask?" She flushed a little as she replied "Nothing only I'm always fancying that I shall cross some one who can tell me something of my sister. Poor little Isabel 1 It was in London she was lost." , Sir Harry half forgets his pain in curiosity. " Why, how did you lose her I can- not understand." " She married Sir Hereford Marlowe's son. At least," she added, stammering and flushing painfully, as she ran away from home with him, and were never heard of her since." The young man started up so suddenly that his ankle tingled with acute pain. " What, Arthur Marlowe? Did he marry your sister?" he cried. " Yes. Do you know him ?" " I know him well, and remember the name you mention. Isabel-yes,that'sit, by Jove ! Poor Arthur was continually raving about his bride, Isabel, but his people said he was insane." " His people told falsehoods ; he married my sister. Do you know where he is now ? ' "In Paris, I believe. He is to marry Lady Bianca Dresses this autumn." Maud's dark eyes flashed with anger. " So soon and my poor little sister gone and forgotten." She let her head fall and, covering her face with her hands, burst into tears. Sir Harry sat and looked at her while the Storm raged without his blue eyes eloquent with pity. " Poor girl," he was thinking. " She knows so little of the great, wicked world. I suppose her sister went to London, and that maelstrom of vice swallowed her." \- A sudden sound behind him changed the current of his thoughts and brought Maud to her feet. And then the solid stone that walled the rear of the cave began to move. Sir Harry's first thought was of an earthquake or some such impending danger, and with instinctive, manly chivalry he tottered to his feet, and threw his right arm, about Maud's shoulders. She clung to him and trembled, but her black eyes watched the moving stone, and she uttered no word or cry. Heavens above!" ejaculated Sir Harry, holding his companion still closer. "The day of doom has come, and the dead are coming forth from their graves!" The-old man emerged from the thick gloom beyond him, shading his eyes with one hand. A "Here we are at last," he cried, "and in the midst of the thunder-storm, too." Catching sight of the amazed couple who stood regarding him with distended eyes, he stopped short, and then made a courtly, old-fashioned bow. " I beg you pardon , But Maud darted past him with a swift cry, and grasped Ambrose, as he issued like a gaunt skeleton from the yawning tunnel. "Ambrose! Ambrose' she panted, " what does this mean ?" " Wait a minute," Re faltered, " and you shall know. I'm weak--" His voice faded, and before he could reach the stone seat he fell prostrate in a swoon. Maud, forgetful for the moment of Sir Harry and his injuries, flew to him and raised his head. A Poor Ambrose ! Why, he looks as if he had been dead and buried," she cried, smoothing back the hair, from his haggard face. "What can have happened to him?" " He has been buried, though not quite dead," King Lear made answer, touching a secret spring! as he spoke, which sent the great stone back into its place, down in the dungeon beneath the old manor. It was a lucky thing I saw him go down, for I take it, sir," bowing to Sir Harry, "I'm the only man alive who knows the secret of this underground passage." Underground passage is it And who the deuce are you ?" The old man laughed and stroked his frosty heard. "You stare at me as if I were a ghost." "A ghostatfiratsightlcertamly thought you. I should take you for a Trevethon now. You look like the old Trevethon portraits at Lyndith Hall. By Jove, you must be the long missing Sir Arthur." But the old man shook his silvered head. "Nay, I am not Sir Arthur. I am only King Lear." "King? Lear?" " Yes ; they call me King Lear at Moreton House. A good enough name, isn't it And you, sir, what may your name be ?" "ashamed "Ah! A sterling old name. And you visit Lyndith Hall ?" Quite often." " How does the old place look ? Going to ruins, isn't it ?" " Ruins, indeed ? Sir Geoffrey had it repaired a year or so ago, and it looks like a palace." Sir Geoffrey? What manner of man is he?" " A Very pleasant gentleman." The old man laughed till the cave rang with shrill echoes. " Sir Geoffrey I Well, this is a quest world. I'll get back to Moreton House and stay there, I believe. Why should I care ? Only for the boy's sake. Do you happen to know, sir, if Sir Geoffrey has s for?" " He's a madman, thought Sir Arthur, " the same person, without doubt, that Miss Trevethon saw at the Haunted Manor. Yet, how like the Trevethon's he looks." " Yes, Sir Geoffrey has a son," he answered, aloud. " A son!" There was unutterable sorrow in his voice. "Do you know his name ?" ' * Yes ; it is Richmond. A cry of pain broke from the old man's lips, and then his shrill laughter rang out again. Sir Geoffrey Trevethon has a son, you say and he is called Richmond, he repeated. " Well, well, it must be true what they say of me. I am a madman. I'll get back to Moreton House, and die there. I've lost my place in the world." He turned swiftly, and passing out at the door of the cave, disappeared in the wild, whirling storm. CHAPTER XXIV. THE DEAD MAN'S STORY. Sir Harry lay at the Fellside Farm-Home, unable to lift his head from the fragrant white pillow to which Maud bad consigned it but injuries having turned out to be much more serious that anyone had apprehended. " You cannot be moved, sir, and you'll not stir out of this house for weeks to come. That ankle is an ugly fracture, and you've some internal injury in the bargain. The least exertion now might cost you your life." That was Dr. Nugent's verdict. Hearing It, poor Sir Harry groaned aloud. .. 'Tis too confounded bad I Why, I'd give half I'm worth to get to London to- day. and here I must die like a log. Well, sir," turning to Ambrose, " if there's no help for it, I must beg you to go in my place. "I'll go sir." " Very well and take that marvellous document with you. You say you found it in the skeletons hand, and there's a ring on the finger ?" " That is what I said, sir." Sir Harry looked up at the young High- lander's handsome, grave face, with a sort of curious wonder. .. What possessed you to go down into that dungeon?" he asked.' I had heard of the mystery of Black Hole low Grange." 41 And you set to work to clear it up 1 Well, you took the job out of my hands. A day later, and I should have done the same thing that you have done. No matter since the riddle is solved. Mr. Gerhart, did you ever hear of Miss Lenore Trevethon ?" '9 The daughter of the missing baronet ? Yes, she married Sir Geoffrey's son, and went abroad. I saw the account in the papers." " Precisely. Now, Mr. Gerhart, I beg that you won't ask me a question, but only have the kindness to do, as I tell you. There's a secret in this matter, which I am bound in honor not to betray, you understand ?" " I understand, sir. What would you like me to do ?" " Take the paper (Heavens, what a stir it will make among the aristocracy of London ; I must be there to see Mr. Gerhart, and go to No. - St. John's Wood. There is a lady there-I can't give her name ; that's where the secret comes in, you see. I'll tell this much-she's vitally concerned in these discoveries. You must see her, and show her the paper before you submit it to any one else." Ambrose shrugged his shapely shoulders. " Rather a blindfold sort of' errand, I should say, sir," he replied. " For whom shall I ask, if I'm not to know the lady's name ?" "I'll write a note and seal it, and you shall send it up to her." " Very well. You look like aman of honor. Write the note and I will do as you wish, though I must confess I am not particularly pleased with the errand." v Sir Harry with much pain and difficulty wrote the note, signed and sealed it, and directed it to " The Lady on the first floor front, No. - St. John's Wood." With this letter in his possession, Amy rose, tall and gaunt from his late sufferings, journeyed down to London. He took a cab at the depot and drove direct to St. John's Wood, reaching the unpretending dwelling which bore the designated number a little before sunset. The hostess herself received him in her small sittingroom, and took charge of the note. ( There was a lady on the first floor, front ; she would take it Up to her. Ambrose sat down and waited the yellow leaves, which had been hidden for so many years in the black dungeon, rising and failing with every best of his impatient heart. Five, ten minutes and then there came a light step and the rustle of a woman's garments. The door opened, and Ambrose rose to his feet. ' " I beg your pardon, madam, for this in- trusion-" he began, but at sight of her face the words died on his lips. He stood and stared like one who sees an apparition. He stood face to face with the woman for whose sake he had once risked his life, the woman be loved 1 For one minute Miss Trevethon lost her imperial self-control. The hot blood surged to her temples, her clear eyes fell, her first heaved with great, suffocating throbs ; but in the next she was her own queenly self. She advanced to meet her visitor, extending one slender white hand. "I am glad to see you, Mr.,4Jerhart," she said. Sir Harry failed to mention your name in the note, and meeting you so suddenly surprised me. You are well I" " I am well; thank you," answered Ambrose, accepting the seat she offered; and setting his teeth hard to keep down his emo- tion. If it cost him his life, she should not see how the sight of her loveliness moved him. She drew a seat in front of him, and folded her graceful hands. "Poor Sir Harry has met with an accident \- she went on. "I hope it is nothing serious." " She loves him, thought Ambrose and he her. What a fool I was to be decoyed into coming here." " Nothing serious," he answered aloud ; " only a painful fracture, which forces him to keep quiet." " And it was all for me. Poor, kind Sir Henry !" She wrung her lovely hands, and Ambrose bit his lips in an agony of jealous rage. " He tells me," she continued, after a minute, " that you have been making some very wonderful discoveries at the Haunted Grange a Ambrose rose abruptly, and drew the roll of yellow paper from his breast. "I have been down-in the dungeon again," he blurted out, " and I found a skeleton. These papers were in its bands, and there was a diamond ring upon its finger. The papers I brought away, the ring I left un- touched." Miss Trevethon half rose, her face the hue of death, her limbs shaking under her, but sank back again, unable to articulate a word. " Sir Harry Tresham insisted that I should bring the papers here and show them to you first, and here they are," continued the young man, laying them on the table beside her. She looked at them, shuddering from head to foot. "A skeleton-a skeleton down in that awful placed Oh, my poor murdered father 15 Ambrose gave a great start. " Good heavens I" he cried, you don't mean to say-" r, But, checking himself, he stopped short, leaving the question unasked. Still trembling in every limb, still death white, Lenore took up the yellow roll, and smoothed out its discolored pages. The first was dated some years back, and ran as follows. "I Arthur Trevethon, do leave this, my last charge and testimony, hoping that by some Jinnee It may one day come to the eyes of the world. I am down in this dungeon beneath the manor, mangled and dying. I was forced through the trap- door, which opens from the anteroom which adjoins the library, by a man who came to me professing to be my cousin, Sir Geoffrey Trevethon, the late baronet's son and heir. This man is strangely like Sir Geoffrey. Moreover, he has ample proof of his identity, but he is an impostor, nevertheless. I told him no when he came to me as I sat in the library on the night previous to my return to London. He grew livid with guilt and rage, and seizing me bodily, forced me into the anteroom, and through the secret door. 'Now betray me, it you can 1" were his last words to me, as I fell. I am writing this, in the thick darkness, on the leaves of my diary. The chill of death is already at my heart. I shall never see the light again never see the faces of my dear wife and child until I meet them in heaven. I shall die down here in this terrible place, and no one will know ; but heaven's justice will surely bring this foul deed to light. By some chance my fate will be made known to the world, and this paper, which I am writing in darkness, and in untold agony, will be found. And to him who finds it, I g. j my charge. Avenge my murder, and right this great wrong. " The man who a Is himself Sir Geoffrey Trevethon isa base impuMor. The true Sir Geoffrey will come one day and claim his own. "I can write no more. My hand fails, and death comes to set me free. My dear wife, farewell. Lenore, my little girl, if you live, do not disregard your poor, fond father's will. When your Cousin Richmond comes, you will ratify your childish betrothal, and become his wife and may the Almighty Father boys and prosper my daughter and her husband. < _ 1T°ÍÍKC0KI1N0«0.J 