THE SCHOOL "DULLARD." CHAPTER IL— THE TWO CERTIFI CATES. "You have saved my life to-day, my lad, said Mr. Pevensey a couple of Lours 1 a t or, as he and Weudover met once more, and nc clasped the boy's hand in a firm grasp « gratitude. "I could never have held oa till the farm party arrived. Cramp tvas be ginning to got its deadly grip on me. 1 won't gird at your Latin and Greet any more. Bring your books to me in tne even ings and l'u. help you." Dick gave the speaker a momentary glance of most earnest thanks, but he shook his head despondently at the same time. "X am afraid it will be little good, Sir. There seems to be no place in my brain for Greek and Latin to go in." "Ah, well, we must trr to find one," said the master, with a shgnt toucn of weariness at the prospect bctore nun, however. And yet he haa that mternoon come to the unexpected conviction that tins overgrown, lanky lad was neither an obstinate idler, nor the dunce, nor tlie dullard , that he had hitherto so fully be lieved him to be. He was not- likely soon to forget that clear look of steady intelli gence in the grey eyes meeting ha across the ice, and giving back the courage0 ins own; nor yet the few words or wise advice that directed him how best to make nse of the help pushed lorward to his hole. He had found himselt that advice with instinctive implicitness, though it had been given by sonic n13",.. whom he had the greatest confidence, it- words recurred to his memory that ne usu spoken to Sawbridge that afternoon, ij> boy is a disgrace to the school. A thing for me that the 'disgrace was one , our number to-day, at any rate, . he involuntarily, as he tried in vain to co centrate his thoughta on the volume. Homer that he liaa settled down > to re The Morton House "dullard" had become too great a puzzle for htm; and, veil o aneeS as his mind was as a rule, for Mr. Povensey found his thoughts were tinder his own control. Those clear, . fast eyes that had met him across U came between him and fbe page. , _0 was no mist of shyness in them .the'1' , dull hopelessness. And the boj then suddenly revealed to htm as well, a above himself, at any rate.. And Jtj c , .f he was now at the other side or t In- - ,. elbows drawn up, hands clutchinfc't , brown hair, and an expression oi ru 1 nounced dull hopelessness oil Ins e , bent over that thrice-returned Ore . , t The boy was a puzzle of cur=o. Ji have been so to any one just tuci . on It was about a quarter day. the evening of the small ice a ;ras 5t,|i True to his promise, Mr. 1 ccn- . ex(r3 in tlie long class room, givmc . otijer minutes to Dick VI , endover, af L.brijgc and boys had dispersed. Mr- ntd08 their Mr. Yuill had made thetrwj.y. jn (he friend as soon as tI'alT ? r„.;on" were superintendence of Pr'th t' iem. over, and the bead boj vi par'f Saw&ridge; was giving a snw ti ciC were the in his room that night, and! thc=h (,1? et. promised guests. 4 „S»=thout say'" eeption of Dick— that goes . 0f mak'HS for even now no one taoug rThTheroof on hour accepting the one Sf intcresteil, and Mr. Pevensev himself w Viovwl a little, help m work -and a conSlit abstention from ridicule answered 'nnidiements. "You wiU be ready soon, i' l To oTVevensey?:' asked Mr. Saw- i ridee, with rather an impatient look to- 3s the elow P w¥ wils„m hla ua¥ ?m porner at the far end of the room, to Melt he had hastily retreated at the en- of these other three. , Put before H pevensev could reply another interrup tion came. The door opened again, and Wendover came m, with a smile on his fine Intellectual face. nVell, my friends,;; S said, laughingly; "congratu ate me.' And seating himself in the armchair at the fr.i 0f the table, he laid down a large official-looking envelope. There, he said, "T am auite sure not one of you will .guess what this contains." "An invitation from The sister university " began Mr. Pevensey. "\n order of knighthood, burst out the 1)u\\- Mortimer, whose head rather ran upon that honor, from the fact it had just been conferred upon his father. The offer „f a professorship at Oxford, ' suggested Mr Sawbridgo. But although the doctor's eves lightened at the idea, in a way that told in which direction his ambition lay, lie shook his head at each and all. "Par out all of you. Could not be farther. No' Yuill, and it is not a bishopric. I see the word on your lips. So, now, sit down, all of von, arid listen while I read my mis sive aloud. Remarking, to start .with, that it is fully and clearly addressed to me, though how much it can be meant for me vou will all soon fully understand, seeing "that, however much use I may have of my head I have little enough of my hands. 'Dear Sir,' so my correspondents begin, 'we have much pleasure in informing you that your model steam engine has obtained the liHiest award in its class, as much for the care bestowed upon every detail, as for the ingenuity displayed in its construction. We have the further grati fication of informing you- that a special prize of five guineas, to be taken in money or hooks, has been awarded to your model of a bridge. As no class, happened to he assigned to this special department, and it is the only exhibit of the kind, a departure, fullv justified by the great merit of the model, has had to he made, and this spe cial prize is the result. The certificates are herewith enclosed, and the awards shall bo forwarded as soon after wo hear your wishes as is practicable.' And see, gentle men, there they are," said the doctor, draw ing them forth from the long envelope and unfolding them. "Fully- made out, yon see —'Robert Wendovcr' — at least R. Wend- over, Norton House, Hants. And the worst of it is, pretty words, pretty things and pretty prizes not for me, after all." "But for me,'' breathed a voice from the other side of the table, startling everyone as though a ghost had suddenly come amongst them, "pli ! mother, mother, God is good!" "Look!" almost gasped Mr. Pevensey, who had risen, and was gazing across the table. "Look at— Wendovcr— " He had suddenly paused upon the name. "Look at him! I'b the lad in a trance?" The second adjura tion to look at him was certainly not needed. All five pairs of eyes were fixed upon the boy as intently as his eves were fixed upon tuosc two certificates, lor some minute or two, perhaps, he was in a trance. Ihere was a wonderful light in the grey eves, and a Hush deepened to crimson oil the usually pale, lank cheeks. And for a while the eyes saw nothing but those two certificates, and the face of a widowed mother in the far away Scotch home. "Oh1 mother, mother, say you're glad!" burst from his hps at last. And then the bov joke up, and his voice broke away in a great gulp; and with a sudden movement he followed Ins usual impulse, and flew from those watching eyes. At least, ho tried to «, but .Mr. Pevensey was too quick for fclnll! 1 ,?1nster bad ''is hack against fct Mm «-¥" thw pupJ r<vJclled "Wi't doctor SffiL1 Pevensey, exclaimed the r , „ 1 'J11,18.6 stttl;,<1 and deliver' be- kim go." "Yes, sir," said file ¥ ¥ Plek baok- looking win? L i? culprit. Now, young man, Dr W«n¥ mean!nS of all this?" began banter But )?o Jn i,n ,good hunjored aSd ¥1 i e ¥? .by ws deeply ira? ¥ cllanSe<1\. his tone. His voice he laid bit 1 om<lnJy m it® tenderness when bent ll V .nd ¥' a moment on Dick's we mvolnnd sa" , tly: "How blind we lmve been, my boy; your mother has a \tt , 'i e as well as to be proud of R 6Mnnot Po1timtds ¥' RicharJ Wendo'ver, I Bfc'Cd w? M>t: fa,nd'n,,tbe future days the the t, r ¥ the bettcr known name of came vm, t ckon- But now, tell me how l»m i !i .give this address? You have » !?vfc a t'me, barely three months xppra t' z. ' but X knew tbe awards about t?n¥ ¥r nTnd be models returned rite " < a '.¥rro 1 went hack home at anv Maid f you ?,ladf alIre Of receiving ah DMr co"ref?, Oh, sir!" ejaculated cot fi!dl tm? his head; and the grey eyes for got them aUrneaa in astonishment. "Well, sir' 'j' ? w'iy, you said 'of course,' i:„J_ „ ' ,f course, I never dreamt of get- a"ything. Mother— mother— she did wmd !?c was ffure, .ivo»ld gain some little mv m?i ?oram®nd,ation for one or other of T L, i But then she always docs think ilonih do s,omcl-'l'ng." "WiU. justice, ovi- mri. i ..retnrned the doctor quietly. "But, enn!?,;' '"."u were conscious of this especial vmi l! 7i . 0 0 d given talent, why have foul addon it from us all?" "There has been stni w¥e t0 H,how it," replied Dick, with "roiglitfpnvard simplicity. "It has nothing nnf JL a Greek and Latin, and you did ntwi?"1 Jre r my thing else, nor did — nmS i i.i ¥ Bevensey, for instance?" tnu¥ doctor with a laugh. A half nf ' „cro,ssed the hoy's face; and something a flush rested on that of Mr. Pevensey, ? sa frankly : " Now you mention it, m » ,.J'.emombcr that Wendover did puzzle mLi variua questions connected with n!cs, and engineering when he first ;v,'nt7 hut as I knew nothing whatever J tl lose subjects I soon shut him up, ana vv l"W to mind his Latin grammar Gr«- "Humph!" muttered the i« r' ??r 'ad! But what puzzles mo wii-fur I?,lI1.d absorbed with these mattera, rat could induce your mother to send you a Place fnlj of folks, who, I am afraid, the ¥ httle beauty along any road but tkL, i a'one which they choose to run themselves. Why did she do it, my hoy?" mv ¥"!? 0 dLd 't," said Diolc quietly, ' not uiotlier. My father died so young: wo Grail?01' ,a1d 'Py uncle will only pay for a "Iil-n an Batm education. He is like — ." Ihink? us' and does nt care for, or value, c&more; practical?" "Yes, sin" "Well, frill mP'f ®y ,I"ost worthy namcBako. lie he akkJ F oyjcr learning now, you see if itt w?nnino There is nothing iike success the n?lnR >a duhle victory. But there is Aftcr r?!?1" and we must all hurry up. Mrs yu will lmve supper with don't T i0vcr and me, Master Dick, and dovorV, you were my son." Dr. Wen- ritit to Bood as It's woni. He paid a M thncrTrk iljmclo himself, and in the face certificates and the accompanying totgivehwirItittii¥Stcr,B ohbtmauy had fonlerChriS¥?8- bSs'wt a UBeIess fight with the but were feeding and feaat- lof? i¥lr 9n those studies which their CTowaby to Tafnl,d thT t0 .'milate and utiiitv ar¥ uoble stature of after, Dr. Wendover would point to an exquisite little working model of a steam engine, one of the most prized orna ments in his drawineroom, and tell people with a grave smile, "That taught me one of the most valuable lessons I ever learnt in j ?e committed to my charge, jat was made by the school dullard/ Uie well known engineer, Richard Wendover Chrkfkin and, tbe most faithful wa5s CVCr pt benoatb these 