mm p PARiofi. ' That strftiige stpty/ remarked tbe/J18Siitf&,y ' Man; * of 'thS t-ld couple 69 and 87, .ft. Wftnt, with a |WBsi}-tej£28i000 tp , their -or*dit is a caution. I notice that it was thought neoeBBary to enhance their comfort bjrxsrting them off to the lnv$id , J2ep0£. Only fapoy 60 yoa!».PWmoA- anu shoragh poverty, Beparated. Where are alii onr holy people who boast of looking after: the needy f Wbpgj a» $b?e $al-, TatibnistB who sing the ppblio iip f Yea,*)! epntp olthingB for tbe p3st gaolibirdB. .'Even bedsteads, 'beds, and blankets were obtained. Obnld , they not fix npthis pi & couple^ or is it that the old people are past work, aiicL would bo no profit to them? The husband was of old time engaged in the New Zealand; wars and was speared and left for' dead on the ground.' 'Ah,' said the Gloomy Man, 'it is the old story : , . Battle his bones ; Over the atone!; - He's a pauper . Whom nobody giroa, ; Uig n dog-hole : . In* corner of gloom ; ' Space for the pauper Plenty of xooln I ? ??'.'? 'Any reason is better than no reason for not doing a thing, I ehoujdoay/ said the Police Gonrt Reporter, ' bat the reason given bj one Gillie for sot ? turning up to prosecute at the conrt was one of the worst I ever heard.' ? What was it P asked the Gloomy Man. ' Was he at a funeral f ' ' He was not, A man had been arrested unon. his oremises as an idle person, and had, so it was said, BmaBhed up his clock for him, by which he, not being able to as certain the time, did not get np to come to court.' 'Bo at that rate,' muBed the fiottleholder, ' any enterprising burglar who wonld make himself secure the next morning if collared by the perleese, has merely to knock the clock on the head and never have a witness against him.' ' It is preferable to the old time practice of knocking the witness himself on, the head anyway,' re flected the Worm. ? ? ? * 'there are some I know of,' said the Insignificant Man, 'who wonld give an odd fiver to the man who wonld be bold enough to run off with the missus and feel tearfully thankful as well; but I witnessed a little episode the other day which has convinced me that all of ns are not set in that direction. A steamer was about to leave when a frantic looking person came aboard and rushed violently all over the decks, followed by another who looked Anything but sweetly upon the world. I noticed also a passenger standing very quietly by and watching the frantic person with the greatest nnconcem, , yet with the closeBt interest. It was a qnar totte ? ' 'A trio, yon mean,' interrupted the Worm. 'There were only «Bu«e of them.' 'fhere were four. The fourth «m & tady. She was not visible, end despite their efforts to find her, Jjheycould not tnmble on her at all.' ' T?n»° were theyi anyhow P' asked the SflVb Editor, 'and why were they kicking around in that ? The rushing party was the hns \ band, his companion vras the ' . fcrother- in-lawl and the quiet in ptvidual was — er — well, wm — a ^jjpW person. Where t'ae lady was yBjj§ft$- never found, and as they lijpftft j)aid their fares they had a . ,Oh«jri,flnp to Sandy Bay, where, . itttt/tWwting the quiet one's ap ?IMSHttOe1 eomewbat, they went Wfo.'^fejhat was the end, and »Iia*Jte.4^e*':-i8 now history dis life,' remarked Jiniv^^SWlilfe: 'when I heard a etor/' ftboint;* Beltana ghoBt.' . '** .p-m^A 'A ghost ?' aBked the PolteGoori Reporter. ' What sort of *&$$$£ And why was it not apprehe^®^' 'Well it was eventually, anil in tfhis way. The people around ^te district were alarmed of an evening by a strange appearance on the side of a big hill. There was a horrid, wierd, lnminous thing bobbing about in the darkness, very much resembling in appearanoe a red bird, I and wht; : it was and where it pame |rpm pueeled the best of them. One -resident surmised it to he a spirit of evil hover ipg around to snatoh np some of the forfeited allotments of land, and another one avers to this day , that he heard a mermaid's iroioe singing in the river below late one evening just before that last storm of old wragge's. Opinions were divided botween a belief that the place . was haunted and a con ?viotion that a bloodthirsty gang of bushrangers' was around eager for death and plunder. So the police 'were sent for across the river. Soon thoy came, and fearing that their unmbers were not heavy enongh to tjugage in a hand to hand contest witha gang of ruffians, the strength of which they were ignorant, swore in a conple of local specials. Men of tried pluck were they, and armed to the teeth they stole away in the stealthy shades of night, hungry to meet the foe. A abort march towards the spot where thn mystery was, soon brought them into posi tion, and there with beating heartB sure enough they saw an indescrib able object. But their leader noth ing daunted, and determined to sell his life as dearly as possible, with a yell which awoke a thousand echoes about the mighty mountain gorgeB and set the dogs barking for miles, called in a stentorian voice : ' Snr render ! Surrender at once ! You are snrronnded by police !' There was no reply, and rushing forward, all undaunted, they found a little old man with a lantern and a rabbit net, in which was entangled a bandicoot. It waB difficult to say whether the bandicoot or the trap par would die of fright first, but they administered a caution and left him in the darkness, to reflect upon the iniquity he had been guilty of.' # ? * ' A little study in black and white,' said the Poet, ' which if put on paper might do for the Christ mas Wail, came under my eye last week. A bold and gallant captain, than whom there is never a soberer man when he is sober, by accident slipped his cable on the tangle and could not be found. His better half and her daughter set sail ac cordingly with a fair wind on the quarter to explore strange anchor age grounds in hopes of the craft heaving insight. The landlord of one accustomed moorings denied so vehemently any knowledge of the course he had shaped, that the ladies fancied they saw signals of distress and backed and filled ac cordingly. Bnt the master of the moorings was right after all, for just when they had fired a volley into him broadside on, and backed the mainyard to go about on the weather tack, along sailed a strange craft on the port bow. She was a ' lady ob color ' and was going for refreshment. Her head was sheltered from the rude storms of the season by his hat, which she wore very easily, and she also appeared to derive much comfort by inhaling the weed from his pipe. 'Ah,' said she, 'never be distressed. He is all right- I have him at home as Bound and safe as ever.' She then assured them that not a plank had started, nor was there a timber stove, and filling, shaped her course under easy canvas. Over what has since taken place let us lower the foretopsail and sing : The tar'ea jolly tar That can hand, reef, and steer, Can nimbly cast off and belay; Who loves hie glass and lass, ^M}u am uaver uuue b icur Of what 'fongehore lubbers may eay. Who oan load to tb« hashes With e cargo that's rare, And ne'er hoiet a flag of distress i Whether close haaled or free 4\. merry tar is he And trpe to his Poll and his Bess, With ft well-iitflbered puree He'll stand it all round, For what should life be but a song P He'll splice bis main brace, Bless your poeperG; cat the pace, Ana hornpipe the jvhple night long. So sing hey for jolly tars And the lass a sailor lores, The froth that is blown off the boer ; For the mm and baccy too, And the winds that never blew ? Whenever his bearings were queer. 