LADIES COLUMNS. SOCIAL DOIGS. Information concerning social events, visits to or from other countries, notes about dresses, oil of which will bo regarded as strictlv confi dential, should he sent to tlio Social Editor ' on or beforo Friday, st 13 odock noon, in each week. Notifications of matrimonial ongaac- mentfl must be attested bv responsible persons. lit is expected that all marriages noticed in this column will alsobo announced in the usual domcstio advertisements, cash prepaid. 1 Ladies and gentlemen wlio wish to ontor thoir numeB in the Govornment Houso visiting book can do so at any timo, as tbo book is always kopt in the hall, and it is thought that if this course wero taken much confusion and orush would bo avoided at receptions. It in thoroforo requested that this plan may, if possible, bo udoptcd. Tho Hon. Alox. and Mrs. Raff aro ox- pcotcd to roturn to Grnngo Hill, from tho south, about tbo middlo of noxt wook. Lieutenant-colonel Kennotb Hutchison wan apassengor from tho north by tho Aramac on Thursday. Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Borchgrovink woro tho guests of his Excollcnoy tho Governor and Lady Lamington at lunoh at Govornment Houso on Friday. Mrs. R. L. Jaok, who has been visiting hor daughter at Mossvnlc, Now South "Wales, has returned to Glcdhowe, Breakfast Creole. The marriage of Mr. Hcrbort Paul, third son of Judgo Paul, with Miss EttioRoehrioht, will bo cclobratcd on Tuesday next at Sand- gate. Mr. J. T. Annear, M.L.A., returned from a visit to Gayndah 011 Monday. Ho wns accompanied from Maryborough by Mrs. Hookley, who is tho gnest of her sister, Mrs. Anncar, at Morivalo strcot. Mr. and Mrs. C. E, Bornays have returned from thoir honeymoon visit to Sydnoy. Dr. and Mrs. L'Estrange hare sinco their roturn from tho south heeu tho ghosts of Mrs. L'Estrange's parents at Mornington, Wooloowin, and loavo for thoir homo at Roma early noxt week. Mr. T. do M. Murray-Prior was in town for a fow days this wcok, on route to Maroon station from tho north. Mr. and Mrs. R. Georgo Williams, accom panied by Miss Beatrix Williams, who liavo been on a visit to Killdrnoy and Toowoomba, havo returned liomc. Mrs. Oullen, Undorolilfe station, near Stnnthorpo, is visiting hor daughter at the Hamilton. The Misses Lawry, South Brisbane, and Miss Ada Mutice, wcro passengers overland from Sydnoy on Tuesday. Mrs. Horaco Fiowor, Albion, is visiting Mrs. Harrios, Queensland National Bank, Dugandan. Mr. and Mrs. M. O. Aronsten, St. Goorgo, returned from thoir honeymoon visit to tho south by tho Wodonga on Wednesday." Mrs. Robert Pearn and Miss Violot Penm, of Mowbraytown, have returned to Brisbane, after spending aboutnine weeks in Bundaberg. Mrs. W. Blako and Miss Blake loft last Tuesday on a sliort visit to Tonterfiold. They iiitond leaving for England ill June,- whon Miss Blake will enter an academy and study for some timo. Miss Isabel Nowsliam (daughter of Mr. J. E. B. Nowslinm, of Thorroldlmvn), formerly of tho Brisbauo Grammar School, having passed tbo matriculation oxamination for tlio Sydnoy University, loft Brisbane on Thursday to take up hor studies tiicro. Mrs. Ncwshain accompanied licr daughter to Sydney, and will roturn in a fow days. Tlio marriage of Miss May Wilkins, second daughter of Mr. Russell Wilkins, to Mr. George E. Dix, is arranged to tukc plaoo at tho City Tabcrnaclo on Wednesday, April 28. Mr. and Mrs. P. H. Rowling, Wooloowin, aro spending their holidays ut Warwick and Toowoomba. Miss Florence Schmidt, tho young Queens land soprano, who lately created so much interest in Sydnoy musical circles, passed through Brisbane early in tho week, on hor way to Rookhampton, to visit hor family and friends. Tlio-City Private Assemblies opened their danoing season in tho Brisbano Gymnasium Hall on Wednesday ovoning by a " Cinder ella." About 80 couples woro present. Tlio hall was niooly decorated and tho floor iu first-class ordor. Tho pretty drosses worn by many of tho ladies caused the scene to prcsont a vory gay appearance. Refreshments wore served at 10.30, tbo dance being kopt up till midnight. Mr. G. J. Jnrrott wns a satisfac tory pianist and Mr. Murk Williams nn urbane M.O. The Norman Qnadrillo Party hold its open ing social in tho Albion Hall 011 Wednesday, March 24. There was a good attendance. A good programme of dances, interspersed with vocal musio, was gono through. Supper was provided by tlio ladies. Among tlioso present were the following: Misses Bridge (2), Burrows, Crawford (2), Ham (2), Robinson (2), Collingwood, Battersby, Boyling, Smith, Williams, Montgomery (2), Doylo, Messrs. Boll, Connors, Phealun, Armstrong, Smith, Leggett, Ford, Hamor, Williams, Pluok, Robinson, and Ham. Mr. Pluck as M.O., and Mr. Allon as pianist, both proved their elfioionoy. Tho marriago of Mr. J. Beard, of East Brisbauo, to Miss Elsio Jonson, daughter of Mrs. O. JonBen, of Woolloon gabba, was colabruted at Broadway Con gregational Churoh, on Wednesday, March 24\. Tbo Rov. H. J. Rawlings officiated. Tho bride, who was given away by Mr. Christonsen, looked ohnrming in a costumo of white oillc lustre ; tho bodico was trimmed with ohiffon and sprays of oraugo blossom, with a. folded holt of silk, a tullo voil and wronth. Sho also carried a beautiful Bhower bouquot. In attendance 011 her wore four bridesmaids, namoly — Miss Helen Jonson, siBtor of tho bride, and Miss A. Bramson, who woro prettily dressed in whito muslin, with whito silk sashes, and each carrying lovely hoquots ; also two littlo girls, Misses A. Jonson and M. Von Dohron, who, dressed nliko, looked protty in pink nun's veiling, nnd enrrying baskets of whito flowors and maiden-hair form Tho bridegroom wns supported by Mr. G. J. Jarrott. Amongst tho guests woro Mosdames Von Dohron, Ohristonson, and Waldon, Misses Rnthor- ford (2), Jones (2), Messrs. Smith, Warwick, Jonson, Lingard, and Shires. Tho wedding presents woro numerous und haudsomo. Mr. and Mrs. Board loft by train for Sandgato, whore thoy intend spending thoir honoymoon, Tho brido's going-away dress was of fawn serge with sequin trimmings ; hat to matoh. Tho marriago of Mr. James Watson witli Miss H. M. Spondolovo was solemnised at St. Peter's Churoh, Southport, on Wednesday, tho 17th instant. Tho eororaony was per formed by tho Rov. D. W. Wyldo. Tho bride, who was givon away by her brother, Mr. W. Spondolovo, woro a becoming gown of cream lustra, mado with full bodice, prottily trimmed with brocadod satin ribbon ; hat and voil. Sho ourricd a boautiful bouquot of wliito flowors and maidenhair fern. Tho bridegroom was nttonded by his brotlior, Mr. W". Watson. Tlio bridesmaids, Miss F. Spondolovo (nicco of tbo bride) and Miss Watson (sister of tho bridegroom) woro cream dresses, with trimmings and huts to mutph, nnd carried bouquets of pink and cream roses. Tlio ohanool of the ohuroh was vory tastefully decorated. Subsequent to tbo oarcmony a largo number of guosts assembled at tlio rosidonoo of tho brido's parents, where an oxoellont wodding breakfast was servod. Mr. and Mrs. Watson loft shortly after 2 o'clock for Tamhourino, whoro thoy purpose sponding the honoymoon. Tho brido was tho recipient of numorous wedding presents, umongst them being a tray and afternoon tea qorvioo from tho scholars of hor Sunday sohool olaSs. Waruna, Hampstcad road, Highgato HiU, tho residence of Mr. James Allan (of Messrs. Allan' and Stark), was tho sccno of n ' vory pleasant gathering on Wodnosday ovoning last. Tlio assistants of the firm being desirous of making a presentation to Mr. Alexander B. Stark on tho occasion of his approaohing marriago, Waruna, through tho kindness of Mr. Allan, was placed at their disposal for that purposo. Although Mr, Alexander. B. Stark has been for a few months only with tho firm, ho has by his unassuming and oourtcous manner won tho esteem of "tho -assistants, and thoy marked it infiprtiotiwl W»y by presenting him with tho following articles in silver : An ogg and cruet stand, a biscuit bnrrol, and a salver suitably insoribed, nnd at tlio samo time giving expres sion of their good wishes for 1ub future happi- noss; A part of tho evening wns spout in musio and othor amusements, during, which Mr. James Allan nnd Mr. R. B. Stark, tho partners of tho firm, delivered short speeches. Thoy referred to tho great success that had attended their efforts since thoy tonic posses sion of tlieir present premises in Queon street. Dnrlug tlio evening refreshments woro sup plied by Mr. and Mrs. Allan, nnd at n later hour tho rooms wero cleared for danoing, which was kopt up until early on Thursday morning-. A largo number of persons nttonded a social in tlio Downfall Crook Free Methodist Church, givon in honour of tho Itov. E. Brown at tho closo of his year's ministry. Tho church was tastefully decorated, and refreshments woro bountifully provided. Mr. T. Bridges, M.L.A.. presided, and ho spoka in eulogistic terms of tho services rendered by the retiring minister. Appropriate speeches woro also mado by Mr. Suinnor and Mr. J. W. Loo. Mr. Wing, on bohnlf of tho .ohuroh members and residents of tho neighbourhood, presented Mr. Brown with a pitrso of sovereigns. Anthems, soims, nnd recitations wore ubly rendered by the choir and othors. In the samo connection it may bo mentioned that a very pleasant surprise party wan givon to Rov. and Mrs. E. Brown, on Wednesday afternoon, by tho ladies of tho congregation of tho Norman Park Mission and others. Tlio gathering took placo on tho occasiou of their removal from tlio neighbourhood, and as a mark of respect and appreciation. After partaking of tho varied refreshments pro vided Mr. Brown iu a neat speech thanked all _ present for thoir kindness. A pleasant social timo was then spent. 