A SYDNEY MIRACLE. INVESTIGATION 13V A REPORTER. THE INIIIRKSTIXRT CASS OF MR., THOMAS J.VUVIS, WHO SAYS TU1T A FEW WF.KKS AGO UK WAS CRARRLCD-PAKMLLT PARALYSED, SUFFERING L'ROSI LIOCOUOTOTT ATAXIA, AND HKLI-I.V^S. DOCROITS, HOS RITAL AUTHORITIES, AND EVKIVTONR SAID HE Mrsr DIE AS ins CASK WAS HOFSLI^S. Bur TUKV wnni: MISTAKEN. TO-DVY HK IS A NKW MAN, FCLI. OF LIFI: ANV> KSR.EAV, 2HSC2TURC»2^HG2IASTHKO\RX A AY AY, HIS DKAD LIMM HAVE LIFE, HIS ArrsnT.-: HAS KBTCBXKD, AND IN iwcr, HK HAS A NEW LEASE OF LIFK UTRR ASD OUT. So much interest has bc:n shown by our roadersin this marvellous case that we have published the facts again as they appeared in the Australian TTori-^um a few weeks ago : One afternoon our rcpresontotirc made his Way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, .1o, Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-veai^o'd baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men iu Sydney. He was up and about, and able to Answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions, he saia: "You wane co know all about my case ? Well, 1 am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who aro stricken as 1 was." ' " How long wer« you sutToring f" 11 Well, twelve months ago 1 got so bad that 1 had to leave olT work, and 1 have done nothing since then. About live years ago. next Christmas, I mot with an accident* I was badly scaldcd while talcing a bith in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I hwe been in failing health, and alter four years of gradual development of the malady 1 was forced to givo up my billet at the Glebe Island.1* ** What wore the symptoms 5" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. Xhev were ju-r about as much as I could bear. Ihcy were for all the world like as u a saw were cuttiug my bones in two in every part of me. I had no con trol over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself aud everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the. 2 3rd .March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopo less. However, he gave me uu ovdor to the Director of Charitable Institutions.11 u Did you make use of the order f} "Xo, I came home and went to bod, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago 1 eonld not walk actoss the lloor ; in fact £ could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would ^We up the ghost. My doctor was attending mo, and itid all lie could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was un« der him for live or >ix weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or p regressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar distu rbauce* of gait tmd dilliculty iu ca.urdinat ng voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might Never got the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his logs about with energy to show that the medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will catch at a straw, I grasped at an idea eanvoyod l\y the advertisement describing the cure ef fected in the case of another boilormaker in England which I read in the Australian i D'orta)*?;*, by Dr. Williams1 Pink Pills for ; Pule People. I read in the advertisement ! of a case which seemed to tit my own. I de« j tonnined to give the Pink Pills a trial any way, ami sent for a box. The etWct was a* | marvellous as it was magical. 1 was uble to oat and sleep as though nothing was the ; matter with me. It was the firat appetite aud rest I hi»d had for many a day. It was j inoredibli'. I immediately left the be-l, and I wns able to move about, 1 have taken four I boxes of Pmk Pills during (ho p\st f<mr I wcvhs, «av\ now taking the tUil\ V-x. \ 1 can walk aliout with the aid of a Mick, an«t : \m gradually but suiely recov-rin* my for mer vigor aud viiality. You see those crutches there ? They were made forme before 1 got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, hut I was ton we;»k to use tin in, and now I d m t want them. All 1 want is this stick,and 1 hope soon to do without it. Yon see lam rapidly regaining my strength.1' .'lie is 100 per cent, bettor," said Mrs, Jurvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. *' Dr. Williams' Pink Pill* have saved his life and mule another man of him," A friend who called iu at this point, said that Javvis looked teu years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. I can now," continued .larvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If 1 keep on going the way 1 am, I hope to he able to resume >vork a^ a hoilermaker, ami you know 1 have to be in the veivpink ot he dm and strength to work at thiil. trade, I am belter today than I have been at anv time dming the pist live years. I ascribe all the change and benefit t<» these Pink Pills. They have sav. d my hie. \ am in no pain now whatever, ami feel like a n'W man. On the mante piece there is a box of opium and morphia pill** which the doctor gave mo to deaden the excruciating pun But they can stay wlnvo they »r«\ for I no longer need them, hveryhody who knows me'has been nmavod at the change in me. They can hardly bebeve their eyes. Mv being about again has caused ipute a sensa tion out here." Such is the remarkable history, and eon> linns what is said in all the chief news, papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams Pink Pill^ for Pale People. They euve locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disuse, also the many disorders which avbe from an impo vertshed state of iho hlood, such as anamua pale aud sallow complexion, general muscu lar weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, t>bortne?H of breath, pains in the back, ner vous headache, &o.; These pills are a tonic, not a p.ngarivo They aro genuine only with the full name Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People and aro sold bychomhts am* storekeeper, generally, or the Dr. Williams* Medieim Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will for ward, on lvceipl of stamps or poM order one box for 1»* Od, or half-d^zen for Ns «>,!. 