NOTES OP THE DAY. (BY "OTITIS.") It Isn't at all surprising that a brisk hostile cor respondence has been provoked by tho proposal to mako a sooty railway station of Hydo Parle, or that the same is being principally conducted by persons who, knowing that thoy aro dribbling a good causo towards tho goal of public support. sign their names Instead of hiding behind such unsuggestlvo signboards as "Ono Who Knows" and "Constant Reader." Under the schomo of tho Royal Commission, moro than a quarter of the park will be fenced In for engine-houses, railway stations, signalling-boxes, and networks of linos; another quarter will bo dally devastated by the frequent passage therein of shrieking en gines emitting sparks and smoke; and tbo re mainder, until openly taken over, as it assuredly will ho in time, for railway purposes, will bo a noisy, begrimed, undesirable place through which streams of traffic will pour, and where vegetation will promptly wither and die In the smoky, dusty air. Such, if the commission doesn't report In vain, Is tho Inevitable destiny of Hyde Park — tho city park, which is to he squatted on by railway men, and, as a park, Irretrievably and absolutely ruined. Most things, however, have their prices. Tho city would perhaps be disposed to quit the pRrk, and let It ho sacrificed to this national purpose, for a fair consideration. What consideration Is offered? £100,000 cash. £10,000 an acre for tho very eye of Sydney! Also permis sion to the city to turn the old Devonshire-street cemetery into a park. There will be no difficulty about compensation for this land, tho commission reports most cheerfully; all that Is necessary Is for tho Government to grub up the poor corpses and arrange to bury them somewhere else, and drain tho land. Then it will have a perfectly lovely park, whero the youth of the period can play athletic games among the rilled graves by day and go courting with the ghosts of evenings. The Public Service Board Idea cannot be work ing as well as could have been reasonably ex pected, or It would be Impossible for depart mental officers to put in public time figuring out and explaining what the residential area of Hyde or any other public park is. It Is officially held that tho population area of tho north-western corner of Hyde Park includes about 15,000 per sons, and an officer replied "I think so" when he was asked "And thoso are the only people who can actually claim any particular right to tlil3 park?" So that, presumably, most of tho hun dreds of thousands who use that part of tho park dally are In a way trespassers; they have no "particular right" there. Similarly, a North Sydney man could not claim any right to be In Redfern Park; visitors from the country who drop into Centennial Park with their wives and families are likely to be thrown out of it as tres passers; and a handful of people own National .Park! Evidently the civil service examinations don't provide for any questions being answered as to property in parks. Anyway, what a comically ludicrous thing it is to say that the people who livo around a park are the only ohos who use it. In point of fact, quite tho contrary Is the case. Great numbers of people who live in town go Into the suburbs or tho country for re creation, and the country and suburbs population sends as large a proportion into town, so tbat Hyde Park is much more largely frequented by people who live far from it than by those who keep shops in Its vicinity on weekdays and mako for a change of scene on Sundays. The residen tial area of the Manly whnrf, calculated on tho official basis, is so very small that It must puzzle the departments sometimes to know why the Government doesn't shut it up or tako the site for a boalhouse, Instead of allowing so many out siders to use It. And there's Park-street, be tween College and Elizabeth streets, with abso lutely no residential area. On a very recent in spection I observe that there are no residences there at all. The place is positively given up to tho traffic of pedestrians, cyclists, and water- carts, cabs, and perambulators, driven and occu pied by people who live ever so far away! These, with the harbor aud the Pacific Ocean, constitute glaring instances of usage in defiance of thoso rignts which tlio residential population alone are held officially to possess. A fruitful source of entertainment of a certain sort Is apparently to be enjoyed at the places where the Rugby Union branch holds Its meet ings. The branch Is In a fair way to get a good practical insight of the principles of human anatomy, there being few meetings at which vivid and realistic stories are not told of what has happened to umpires In the course of fights with dissatisfied players and aggrieved pushes. It Is the commonest thing to read that the Busy Bluebottles Club had been called on for un ex planation of the conduct of its first fifteen !n stoning the umpire anil making marks on his head with hobnail boots; or of a match being ordered to bo replayed because the first attempt to get it off pcacably was spoiled by tho Anxious Albertos team Insisting on conducting the second spell under London prize ring rules. The latest meeting, which was held a night or two ago, proved comparatively uninteresting. A club protested, with marvellous decency and restraint, ngainst a certain decision given against it in the matter of some sort of doubtful kick, and two or three pluyers were reported for misconduct and assaulting umpires anil spectators. But it was a mild evening. There were no exhibitions of deceased umpires, or parts rudely disconnected from living ones, anil no mortality reports from the previous Saturday, such as we may expect to be edified with weekly Yf the suburban foot ball game continues its present rapid develop ment toward a deadly struggle between armies in zebra-striped shirts representing districts that are at war with each other. Not the least re markable among many strange manifestations of human courage and (he boundlessness of tasic is the continued willingness of men to act as umpires without being paid enormous salaries for doing so, or wearing armor. The odds against such an official escaping unhurt from the match ground in many cases Is at least 39 to one, 30 being tbo number of players likely to do for him. Sometimes thoy are moro, because the frleuds of players become excited over the Impending defeat of their champions, and either disable the umpire lu time to avert the catas trophe, or vengefully deal with him thereafter. Aud still, such Is tho ardor and hopeful courage of men, there Is an abundance of umpires ready to go forth, whistle in hand, and face all the heavily-sliod boots that can bo got into action on the playing ground! Here is Mr. (the Reverend, is It not?) Gustavus Thompson giving a terrible character to the theatrical people whom we havo always with us. Tho "theatricals," ho Buys, ore no hypocrites; they don't pretend to be religious. Their com mercial morality, when in the country at least, is of a low sort, and "rumors of jealousy, scan dal, and divorce" frequently "hover around this particular profession." In all of which there is doubtless some truth (It is largely a matter of experience) some exaggeration, and somo of that contented ignorance from which ono of Mrs. Humphry Ward's saints of tho slums drew no much Inspiration. Contented ignoraneo goes very largely to tho making of stubborn pro nouncements like these. Rumors of all kinds connected with theatrical people are cir culated rapidly and published widely. That Is one of the penalties persons render themselves liable to who wickedly stand In tho limelight, l'heron Ware, warehouse official, has a little scandal of his own, and only tho few around hlra know it. Theron Ware, actor, or novelist, lias the same sort of adventure — and the streets ring with the shouts of tho lusty newsboys, more or les3 fictitiously proclaiming now editions and full particulars of tho rcllslmblo dotalls thereof to eager ears. Mr. Thompson Is as plain- spoken and unconcealed an extromist as a man could he, and his letters havo brightened the queer little "Sign of the Cross" correspon dence by adding thereto the expressions of a sturdy thinker blessed with the rare knack of thinking at the end of a pen. But It Is at least interesting to find such a one contentedly tak ing what ho reads and heara for excluslvo Gospol proof, and resenting as a vlslblo manifestation of the devil's reservo "of both lugonulty and effron tery" the writing of rollglous plays for inoncy- mnkliig purposes. Work of any kind' is seldom, and soldom can be, doue for nothing. PoBStbly, oven,' tho holiest of thoso who wrlto, In what ever severe and ontl-thcatrlcal strain and man ner, aro not prompted by any bettor fcollug than Fuller, who wrote "to the glory of God and also to mako somo honest profit for mysolf." Several companies of tho Fourth Regiment In and around Newcastle havo been ordered to como to Sydney to adorn the record reign pageantries that are being arranged for; but "some uncer- tainty exists as to the movements of the hand on that occasion." About the movements of bands there generally 13 more or less uncertainty. Thoso attached to theatres have a common repu tation of being the first to strike when wage- payments do not answer to expectations, or to demand cash advances when there is reason to suspect tho manager of a design to tako a quiet holiday trip on tho night's receipts. Iu tho streets somo of them have noticeably dissimilar wayB of "rendering" music and of counting the time. And from picnics bands erstwhile return trumpettlng In a manner only accountable to a sudden determination on the part of the perform ers to each play an Impromptu fantasia of his own on things generally. In Newcastle, how ever, tho prevailing uncertainty Is nscribable not to doubts about tho musicians themselves, but to a fear that its band may be torn from It. The citizens. It Is announced, regretfully see the mili tary removed, and pray that at least tho band may bo spared lliem; while the soldiers want to appear here with full musical strength, and the bandsmen are quite favorably Inclined toward the trip. It seems a pity that tho Government could not arrango a military tour of Sydney without denuding a district like Newcastle of its uni forms. Thero aro hundreds of Boldiors here now; so many patriots havo sprung to arms lately that of a fine night racking bugle calls are heard everywhere, and tlio streets aro full of men moro or less painfully stuffed into gorgeous uni forms and trying to look as though they were used to them. And if any more were required, they might have been brought from remoter places, leaving such as Newcastle to enjoy the elaborate parades they could thus organise from among tlio warriors plentifully on hand. 