The Cultir¢;les. PRIMITIVE MIETIIODIST. "TE anniversary services of this church uwet ctlebrated on Sunday last In the morning and evenig the Rev. T. Rlehrtts cond,ucted the shevices. The subject far the tmornting was the hI inging ol the ark of the coven;ant to Mlount Zion by David. At first they only brought it as far as the house of (-bed Edom, owing to the death of Uzzah through touching the sacred case in opposition to the comn,-nd of God. When this calamity befel them David ordered that they should leave the ark and Obed-Edom made room for it in his house. It was left three months at this place and during the time that itbed Edom housed the ark of the covenant him and his house were blessed by God and they prospered. When David heard of the prosperity of Obed-Edom, he repented of his sin in leaving the ark at the house of Obed-Edom instead of bringing it on to Jerusalem; and he with the men of Israel went out to the house and brought the ark into the city with great rejoicing. David was so joyful that he danced before the ark the dance caused by a holy joy. Michal, David's wife, saw her husband dancing before the ark and despised him. The p-eacher drew tile lesson that where we honor God he will honor us. If we do our duty to his house and ordinances he will bless us. David was so joyful that he danced before the ark, but there were those ready to ridicule at his action. He dared to be singular. lie dared to show his joy in action; and though a king, a soldier, a leader of the people, he gave expression to his joy before them all, caring not, Ior the approval of men but seeking the approval of the Most High. It was the same to-day. Men and women jeered at the actions of good mnen and women, but we must not mind those things but strive to do those things approved of by God. He urged his hearers whatever their circumstanc-s to rise above the criticism of the carping worldling and find solace in doing God's will. Let us dare, like David. to be singular, and when we are singular for God's glory, like David, we shall assuredly be blessed and assisted in a wondtrful manner. In the afternoon a choral service was held, when the church was filled. The following programme was excellently rendered : Piece, 'Now Let the Gates of Zion Ring," Choir; solo, "The Master Stood in His Garden," MNs. Sidwell; piece," Ilow Lovely is Zirn," choir; duett. "'The Gttes," Mr. and Miss Haore; solu, " Christ's lvitr tion," Miss Fothergill; duett, " Sow Beside all Waters," Mrs. Fenton and Miss Fo;herg;l; piece.'" fie Spirit and the Bride Say Come," Choir; solo, "Too Late," Mr. lomlkins; piece, "' Give thanks Unto the Lord," choir. The Rev. T. Roberts gave a stirring address on " For bodily exercise profiteth little: but godliness is profitable unto all things, having promise of the life that now is, and of that which is to come:." 'The spealer said that godliness was at tile root of all advancement, whether morally, scientifically, intellec. tually, or in any other senses. Christian lands and their advance were contrasted with the slow and lethargic advance of Mohamnmedan countries and the triumph of the Bible and its truths were eliquently portraj ed. .The evening service was on the disciples in the upper room at Jerusalem and the descent of the Holy Ghost. The preach-lr said that all needed the baptism of the aoly Ghott. and he n MrZ. tok.=.- ·.*lt.t.e on utd met with one mind in prover the same Pentecostal showers of blessing would descend on Broadford as came upon Jerusalem, and he believed it was coming. The choir rendered excellent pieces during the services, and the soloists were especially effective. The conversazione was well attended on Tuesday evening, and the following programme was gone through :-Piece, choir ; solo, Mrs. Sidwell; Tongan song and recitation, Rev. H. C. Uldmeado.v; solo, Miss Fothergill; piece, choir; ad dress, Rev. T. Aitken. Haslam; duett, Mrs. Fenton and Miss Fothergill. Owing to sickness in lamily, Mr. John Zsvar was not able to be present, and the Rev. T. Roberts presided. The church was very prettily decorated, and this was due to the energy and taste fulness of the Misses Richards. Beasley, F. Bidstrup, and Messrs. \V. Mills and L, Bidstrup. The young people were highly commended for their work, and they well deserved it for the style of decoration was of the best. The church committee are very thank. ful to all who helped. 