A TRIP TO THE JENOLAN CAVES. Among the resources for entertain- ment of which Bathurst can boast, and one which may be termed the same of a picnic excursion, is a trip to the Jenolan Caves from Bathurst, via Oberon. Among those able to tool a coach and five to the safety, satisfaction, and plea- sure of a party bent on enjoyment, no one is a better or more capable driver than Mr, Thomas Donnelly, of Donnel- ly Bros., Bathurst. Under the auspices and guidance of these gentlemen, a merry party set out on Tuesday last, leaving Bathurst at 5 a.m. Proceeding steadily through O'Connell, the party breakfasted alfresco at the foot of the Mount. The top of the Mount was reached, after a steady climb, at an ap- proximate altitude of 600 feet, and on looking back a magnificent view of the Bathurst Plains with the city nestling in the rolling downs was an ample reward for those who chose to walk up the hill. Then onward the coach rolled through country rich with ripening harvests, bearing promise of better times for the patient husbandman heart- sick with many a hope deferred. Now the coun- try changed from the loam covered granites to timbered slates with clearings dotted here and there, and telling the tale of former ringing axes, of crashing trees falling earthwards, of lowing oxen slow- ly dragging heavy burdens to make the log fence to provide material for the home of the pioneer. By and bye the coach is passing Black Mick's Creek, but the history of the name is not forthcoming, and imagination is ripe with romantic wonderings desire, and yearning for satisfactory evidence to convert a fancy or a fiction into a reality. By some trick of speech conversation has flown into talk about ghosts, demons, ghouls and but a stop- page at the bridge for a drink of clear cool water, and Black Mick's Creek is be- hind in a cloud of fast receding dust : the preternatural is forgotten in the wild antics of an enthusiastic and irrepressible gentleman of the party. Journeying on, the Duckmaloi Ponds were reached at dinner time, and this meal is also satis- factory disposed of alfresco without even disturbing the snakes in the long grass fringing the river, whose realm has been so unceremoniously invaded. Once more the coach moves on and gradually climbs till a height of 1600 feet above Bathurst is reached. Then passing through glades of Eucalypts nearer comes the end of the journey. At a turn in the road the mighty castellated sandstones of the Blue Mountains come in view. Mt. Victoria perched on the verge of the horizon, looks down on an immense valley filled with haze and mar- vellously beautiful in the evening sun. Indescribabely magnificent tinged with warm purple, brown, and deep golden yellow, the various points of the land- scape appeal at once to the artistic and the reverent part of ourselves. In the valley below can be seen the grey lime- stone standing out from the darker rocks and all the hillsides are decked with many coloured flowers and green with manifold verdue. Now the coach stops, and brakes are shoed afresh, for the hill is steep and the turns are sharp ; cyclists are warned in large white letters on a red board that the hill is dangerous. Down with everchanging scenes in the landscape, down among the limestones, down into the uttermost depth of the valley till the tyres of the wheels burn the leather of the brake shoes, till the Caves-house is reached. There with many inquisitive onlookers, the coaching party, covered with dust, dismount, and then all is bustle and hurry, splashing and brushing, chatting and laughing, dinner and nocturnal ob- livion. Morning comes, and with it the antici- pation of a day in the famous caves. Their beauties have been so often des- cribed and picture so often given of them that I shall not attempt the im- possible in endeavouring to do what the best of writers have failed in effecting. See the caves for yourself is the best way to appreciate them. There is a point from which one may consider these wonderful caves which is not a common one but it is a revelation from a page of Nature's Apocalypse ; an attempt to show how Nature has worked in the past how she is working now, and how she will continue to work in the future may add largely to an intelligent study of these marvellous caverns. Amongst the guides who are at the service of the visitors Voss Wyburd is par excellence, the one who is willing to help in the reading of the page of geological history illustrated by the caves. He is a well informed naturalist, courteous, obliging, and painstaking. A question is readily and intelligently answered. Amongst such exclamations as 'how sweetly pretty,' 'deliciously beautiful,' 'nice,' one may hear him answer to a stray ques- tion, 'Oh, yes,' that is a stromatopora I can show you a great number of them, or in answer to a query as to the cause of the huge debris of angular fragments thrown apparently at haphazard into the bowels of a cavern, 'Voss' will tell you that they are easily accounted for by the fact of their having split off parallel to the bedding planes of the limestone, and so you go along enjoying the beauties of the caves, and at the same time learning some of Nature's secrets about the way in which she formed them. The caves are formed in immense de- posits of limestone. The limestone it- self is the work of myriards of organic beings which once labored millions of years ago, when the eastern coast of Australia was but a series of islands dotted here and there in Silurian seas. Then on the sea bottom was laid the great deposits, and in them many a worker found a grave and its the record of its work, and that of its fellows is still preserved intact in the fossils - that is, in the stone replica of the original organic worker. Examined by the aids which modern science has put in our hands we know, when how and where these beings worked ; what were the climatic and physical conditions of the sea bottom on which they worked, and all these things is as if we were more gazing into the tepid depths of a tropi- cal sea, and could see the countless my- riards of little organisms building up the limestone deposits, and the corals con- structing their marvellous reefs. In those bygone days, before man trod the earth, there were changes going on unceasingly in the earth's crust. Here it was slowly lifted, there depressed. Sea bottoms became dry land, and were lifted till they became mountain peaks and mountains descended into the abyss of oceans. Thus the eastern coast of Australia came to light. The rocks were folded by immense forces slowly but surely thrusting them from underneath, and from the sides, then they cracked and were fissured and underground waters found their way. Volcanic fires from time to time issued from the depths of the earth, and whole areas of land were convulsed with earthquakes. In those past days, but later on wonderful and terrible beasts wandered in marshy places or crawled in gigantic forest and still man was unheard of. Then in later days he came to view the handiwork of nature which from countless ages she had been preparing for him. These are some of the thoughts which might pass through the mind on viewing the caves. In them those monsters of prehistoric days took refuge, and before they came into existence the caves were being scooped out and decorated in the most fantastic and weird fashions by the un- derground waters which silently but powerfully worked their will on the yield- ing limestone. The underground river which, through millions of years, has wrought these wonders is still there and is still working, and will work on to the crack of doom. In the roofs of the caves on their walls you will find fossils of some of the beings which made the stone, and Voss will point them out, but they have hard names and are not easy to remember. Many an insect too new to the entomological world has been christened, if I may be allowed to employ the term, after Voss, who first introduced it into the scientific world. Coming specifically to points of in- terest, there are the huge tunnels or archways due to the erosion of a river, the Grand Arch, the Devil's Coach House, and the Carlotta Arch, all mag- nificent in their grandeur, imposing, awe-inspiring. Then you will enter the Right Imperial and Left Imperial caves, which will take you several hours to ex- amine ; both marvellously and exquisitely beautiful : you will then visit the Lucas Cave, in which you will enjoy to the full the grandness, the majestic handiwork of Nature's dynamics. In the Imperial caves you will see nature in her whimsi- cal mood, in the Lucas cave you will understand her in her serious mood. At the bottom of a deep hole in the left Imperial cave you will visit the silent prisoner who has carved for millions of years, and there you will see him at work. At night on returning to the Caves-house you will sleep a dreamless sleep ; but, if you dream, your dreams will be as weird and fantastical as Na- ture's own carved in the solid rock of Jenolan limestone. In conclusion, I may be permitted to point out that I think the very best way to enjoy a trip to the Caves is to coach from Bathurst to Jenolan and back. The journey is interesting, occupies three days, and at its termination the reminiscences that one carries back are such as to afford a pleasant topic of con- versation for many a day. 