OUR S T 0 R Y . ?. SUBJECT TO CHANGE. (By Helen M. Sweeney in the Catholic World). Chapter I. The Empire State express was skimming over its well-ballasted road bed. The telegraph poles seemed fleeting ghosts that stretched out their long, thin arms in an ineffectual attempt to stay the progress of the flyer. In a corner of the Puritan, the first of the Pullmans, sat a young man whose twenty-five years rested lightly on his broad shoulders. His eyes were keen and eager ; yet he saw nothing before him while he thought fully bit the brown moustache that barely covered his well-cut lip. He looked young and unfinished. There were no lines on his face, no depth to his clear eyes, nothing but promise in the crude grace of youth that lit up his boyish countenance. His thoughts were as fleeting as the telegraph poles, but more varied. All the time, however, he was con scious of the strong emotional under- current beneath the lighter subjects on the surface. He was going to Albany with his preceptor's letter to Dr. Gales, of the Albany Medical College. Though he would not own it, even to himself, he had really seized this opportunity because Elsie Patmore lived but a block away from Professor Gales, and it would not seem amiss to drop in on her for an afternoon call. He had it all arranged in that little theatre under his hat : his being ushered into the dainty little reception room while his card went up, the frou-frou of her silk skirts as she came down the broad stairs, the look of pleased surprise and welcome in her soft eyes as she left her hand in his for a moment longer than was absolutely necessary, her interested questions on his college course, her warm congratulations on his recent graduation, and then — and then — he caught sight of the woman's hand next to him, and its contour- immedi ately recalled Elsie's hand. He won-; dered if she would be unconventional enough to forego the regulation diamond solitaire, and wear the engagement ring he had in his mind ; he. pictured the low-lying beryl in its Etruscan setting on that milk- white hand. This happy, care-free youth could afford to think of rings. His father kept his long-promised word on graduation day, and, in the vernacu lar of the Clinic, " planked down a cool five thousand." He had made arrangements with Dr. Browing, of the Presbyterian, to take two terms of surgical service in the hospital, blissfully unmindful of the necessity of going at once to earn his living. "And then," his thoughts ran on, surely Elsie will not want a longer engagement than two years, and what's the matter with taking her to Germany with me ?" His thoughts . were far afield. Fast as the train was flying, they outstripped it. He flung his head back on his chair and tried to think of something else. Of something else ! It was only now that he realised how much this goal had been to him, how long the thought of this pure, sweet girl's love had lain close to his heart. He went over again, for the hundredth time, the circumstances of their first meeting. It had been on the Har vard campus when she had come up to her brother's graduation. He re membered her quiet reposeful manner, in such marked contrast to the chattering crowd around her. He recalled the very dress she had worn — a soft, crinkled gray thing, which he, in his masculine way, thought plain. He remembered the quiet look of happiness in her eyes as her brother stepped down from the platform, the most highly honoured student, his degree rolled tightly in his hand. He remembered — bah ! what was the use of remembering when the stupid train crawled so. How gracious she had been in the long delicious weeks that followed, as their two parties had gone through Lake George, Lake Champlain, Montreal, Quebec, then down the St. Lawrence, to Niagara, to New Yojk, and then — ah, well ! she had gone home to Albany, and he had begun to " dig for honours" at the Vander- bilt Clinic. He rose and stepped toward the door just as the train was pulling into East Albany. A slowing-up over the long bridge, a snort, a rumble, a wheezing of air-breaks, and the " flyer" puffed into the Albany depot on time to the second. He had not seen his divinity " for ages." Single years are apt to be ages when brightened only occasion ally by friendly letters, and for the past three years she had been in Europe. In half an hour he was standing on the doorstep of Miss Patmore's home. Now that he was actually on the threshhold he hesitated. His heart began to thump violently, and twice he bit his lip instead of his much-abused moustache. However, he set his jaw in a dogged way he had when about to tackle a hard subject, and pushed the button vigo- rously. The door was opened in stantly, and he found himself face to face with the girl of his choice, who was on the point of going out. He forgot his well- conned greeting, for got everything save that he was hold ing her hands in his, too happy to speak. An hour later he went down those steps an older, sadder, wiser man. He scarcely knew where he was going. Fortunately at that moment the shriek of a locomotive sounded in his ears, and, true to his New York habit, he made a rush for the train. He found it to be a local, and had to wait for his half an hour. And that waiting — how dreary he found it. Twice he laughed with the pathetic bitterness of youth in the face of his first real disappointment, twice he attempted to walk off his misery, but was forced to desist ; for even in his gloom he felt the notice his movements attracted. " If it were only for some other reason," he sighed, and let his thoughts slip back to the moment when she, leaving her fingers in his, had in the sweetest, lowest tone said, " Yes, I love you ; but—" Ah ! that " but " ! For while acknow ledging that she loved him, she re fused to marry him unless he became a member of Dr. Clarkson's Church. " Why, Elsie, I am a Catholic," he had said, with a little stir of apprehension at the heart. " Yes, I know, but you could change." Never would he forget the sensa tion of that moment. He had never been a practical Catholic, had never made a display of his religion, though never by word or deed denying it ; but now he felt as though a long- barred gate had been rudely pushed open. Flinging up his head, he had answered her once for all. " Change ? Never. My mother lived and died a Catholic. My father became one for her sake, and, unlike most 'petticoat converts,' has remained a staunch son of the Church to this day. For their sakes, please God, their son will never be anything else." " I do not see your argument. If you are a Catholic only because your parents are you cannot have very strong convictions," she said with an arch look at his rueful face. " Why, my father is a Baptist, but for nearly four years I have been an Episcopalian . " T hen with an abrupt change of tone, "You would change if you really loved me." " Elsie," he had answered, and the cold tones half-frightened her, " I do love you but I cannot give up my religion even for your dear sake. Your inference was right a moment ago. It was my way of putting it that was wrong. We are apt to grow up to our religion, following where our parents have led ; but I mm mm was wrong to lead you to thing that because of my parents' belief I am a Catholic. No, I am a Catholic because I am convinced that in these days one must either be a Catholic or an Agnostic. All my trainings, all my beliefs, all my convictions lead me to the Catholic Church. If my reason, however, were to tell me that yours was the right church, to morrow I would join you." " Then there is nothing more to be said, Dr. Hilton," she had said ; " I must beg that you will excuse me." And turning, she swept out of the room, dropping as she went the single heavv rose that had lain on her bosom. He dropped on one knee, picked it up, and bowed his head till his lips met the crushed flower between his fingers. A wave of pain passed across his soul, and he tasted one of life's bitterest draughts at that moment. " Nothing more to be said — noth ing more to be said ! " echoed and re-echoed in his weary brain all the way up the street, and now in his enforced quiet was burning into his very heart. " By Jove ! it's the first time I've ever been accused of having too much religion," he said savagely digging his stick into a crack in the floor ; " but," and a softened look crept into his eyes, " I cannot go back on that, Elsie or no Elsie." That journey homeward he never forgot. If the " flyer " on the way up had been slow to his happy heart, what was this ? Words failed him. Long years afterwards, when the bearded man could look back with philosophic calmness on the poignant griefs of youth, Dr. Hilton used to say that on that train he travelled from inexperience to maturity — which places are not set down on any map, but we all know where they are. I Only one thought stood out clearly from the confused ones surging through his weary brain— work, work, work — and so perhaps forget. But he did not forget. He could only put the feeling down deep in his heart, and close the inner door upon it. But often, like a strain of half- forgotten music, the bitter-sweet pain came over him. Whenever a woman's soft grey eyes looked into his with pain in their depths, he thought of Elsie's eyes as he last had seen them ; whenever a tone, a smile, a trick of manner recalled the one woman in all the world for him, a sigh would rise to his lips, a dimness to his eyes that would not be put down for all his iron will. Upon his return to the city on that never-to-be-forgotten day he went at once to his father, and told him the pitiful little tale with a coolness and courage that did not for a moment deceive the kind old eyes looking so searchingly into his. " I tell you this, father, so that you will never ask me why I do not marry. I know that many will think that my profession demands it ; but I am going to risk that and go in and win/' with a heavy blow of his clinched fist on the desk before him. " You'll do, Jack. Perhaps this is the best thing that could have hap pened to you. I will not say that you should look for another girl to be your wife, for a man's first love is apt to be his last in our family. Years ago the same thing happened to me — now don't — your mother refused me twice before she married me. But all the time — yes, all the time, she was the one woman in all the world for me, and I won her, Jack, as you will win your sweetheart, too, some day." " Thanks, governor " — the slang term became an endearment on his lips — "Now no more of this; I'm going to work." And so he did. As his father watched his career from that time he saw the first real pain the lad had ever known leaving its mark on his character, refining, strengthening and ennobling it. It broadened his sym pathies, enlarged his view, and re-' doubled the natural tenderness of the man's nature, while it left its indelible | stamp on his countenance. His father respected his rugged self-repression, and never intruded upon it. His bachelorhood had, as he predicted it would, a certain influence on his -practice, as popular inclination leaned toward the married doctor. On the whole that was no great detriment, as his was almost exclusively hospital work. Three years afterwards his father died, just as he had been appointed house-surgeon for the second time at the Roosevelt Hospital. This was his second great blow. The utmost confidence and sympathy had always existed between father and son ever since the frail young mother had died, leaving the three- year-old son in the lonely devoted arms of the father. His father left him a large fortune entirely within his own control, con sequently he could devote more time and attention to the study of surgery. That was his specialty, and already his name had attracted favourable notice in the medical journals of the day, signed to well-written, logical, simple demonstrations of the beauti ful science he had made his life-study- Thus he found himself at thirty. Grave and thoughtful, old beyond his years, he was fast slipping into fixed habits and the ominous dread of change. when an eoisode lifted him out of his groove, and gave a new impetus to his life. As he was wont to say, "It is the unexpected that happens." He had made a host of friends while at college, but retained few of them in his too-busy life. No one had been his friend, in the sweeter significance of the word, since he had broken with the Patmore's ; Char ley's place, too, having never been filled. There was young Dick Gattle, however, who clung to him with a dogged perseverance that at first amused Jack, then touched him. He had left Harvard the summer following Jack's graduation from the College of Physicians and Surgeons. Dick was not graduated, but that was a distinction that made but little difference to Dick. When he reached home his father, a retired old broker with a penchant for fragrant Havanas and a rubber of whist, asked to see his degree. " I didn't get a sheepskin," said Dick ; but I got these," rolling up his shirt sleeves and showing the scars made by lighted cigars being pressed into the flesh. His father recognised the hall-mark of Har vard's most exclusive Greek-letter fraternity, and was satisfied. A few_ days afterwards Gattle pere asked Dick what he intended to do. "Going to play polo this summer, ' ' said Dick promptly. " Of course, of course, have your fun now," was the dutiful parent's reply; "but have you thought of r any occupation for next winter." I' Yes," replied Dick ; " then I am going to hunt." In due time Dick became a mem ber of the Bounding Brook Hunt Club, and while looking about for hunters ran into Jack Hilton's office one morning, and found him dull and dispirited. He was overworked, and as close to irritability as his sunny nature would permit. " Say, old man," rattled Dick, " come to Tattersall's with me. Do you good. Want your advice about Skinton's Scatterbrains. He wants fifteen hundred for him.'" " I'll go. By the way, Dick, I thought you were going to Europe ?" " So I was, but hunting's better- Ever hunt ?" " No." " Best thing in the world for you, I may not have much of a head, but I can see with half an eye that you need building up, or vacation, or something. Were you away this summer ?" " McArthur was away all summer and I could not leave." " See here, Jack, that hospital will be standing a long time after you are ( Continued on page 6.) ( Continued from page 4.) dead, and you'll be a long time dead. Say, tell you what I'll do for you. I'll propose your name in the B. B. H. C. to-morrow." " But I don't hunt. I never saw a meet in my life." " Your education's been neglected," and he began to sing as they entered Tattersall's — « If your horse be well fed and in blooming condition, Well up to the country and up to your, weight, Oh I then give the reins to your youthful ambition, Sit down in the saddle and keep his head straight." Before the purchase of the horse was completed Jack had determined to throw aside the weight of worry he was labouring under, and join Dick in being young again. It would be worth something, he thought, to feel again the fresh morning wind blowing in his face, the bounding of a good horse under him answering to his touch, and the cool brightness of the autumn sunshine. That would brush the cobwebs from his brain. He picked up for himself a clever little cob that in the end proved a much better bargain than Scatter- brains. As for boots, pink coats, crops, stirrups and the rest of the trappings of a successful hunter, Dick, who was an authority on such, kept him well up to the the mark. Dick was a good horseman, inas much as he could stick to anything he could throw a leg across, but he had a tendency to ride hard. He read up all the hunting literature on which he could lay hands, but as yet had never ridden to hounds. That he should have an experience at his first meet was in the nature of things ; and that he should be the unconscious instrument in the hands of fate for his friend was in the nature of the unexpected, and " it is the un expected that happens." The Bounding Brook is the oldest and most important of all those hunt clubs that have sprung up around New York within the last fifteen years. It was situated in the centre of a rolling country, well-timbered, with stiff post-and-rail fences ; but more important still, from a sports man's point of view, were the charm ing country residences of many of the " smart set " who lived in the neighbourhood. This set' had adopted hunting and the pink-coated hunters as their own particular proteges, and though few of the women followed the hounds on horseback, they all contrived to be in at the " death " in every conceivable kind of trap. The talk of the neighbourhood was all horse and hounds, master and the whips. The price, pedigree and record of every hunter could, be told you, as he carried his master into the field. Owing to a severe drought crops were backward, and hunting did not begin until October. So Dick Gattle had time to become well acquainted in # the neighbourhood, and make friends with the regulars, an operation in which he succeeded admirably. By the time the doctor joined him he was perfectly at home in the congenial surroundings, and wildly eager for the dawn of the first hunting day. It came at last ; an ideal autumn day veiled in the golden mist of early fall. The meet was near the club house, yet Dick was one of the last to ride up, so anxious had he been to perfect every detail of his hunting costume ; for like the Spartans of old, who use to 'deck themselves out for their greatest battles, Dick had put his whole heart and soul into his first hunt toilet. ( To be continued.) An abnormal rise in the Mississippi has resulted in Memphis, a city and port of Tennessee, being flooded. The river has overflowed its banks to such an extent that it is now forty miles wide in the neighbour hood of Memphis. In that town great damage has been done to property and fifty persons have been drowned. 