J THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. i . Un inursday afternoon, our representa tive made his way to the humble home of i ?M-r'.;: Thomas Jarvis,' 45 Crown- lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a; two year old baby,’ a'pd, hfe'face declared luto.. to- be’ .one of the. happiest men in : .Sydney, He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Al though pale and bearing still the marks of a-criticd! illness, and a period of pafn,' it wds very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road'to convalescence, In replyr io--tbe -gr Glknipafy' questions,'' he said': r‘^Sl)u want to know all about my case? Well,- I am glad of an op portunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I’ was.” “ How long were you suffering ?” “ Well, twelve months ago-Igotso bad tbatT had to leave offjvark, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an I accident; I wag badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, . and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to-give up my billet at the Glebe Island.” r. Wbat were, the symptoms ?’’ “ Simply indescribable. The pains were •something terrible. They were just about a? much-fra I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my. Bones in two in every-part of me. I had no-control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one-else. -I warincessantly shivering and shaking, apd could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well known doctor and heitold me that my case was utterly hopeless. - However, he gave me an .order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.” “ Did joq make use of-the order ?’1 “No-; I came homeand went to bed, [ and have been pretty well in bed ever since.- Fire weeks ago I could .not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of.bed. . I felt then that it was all over'Withme, and only a question of days wheVl would give up the ghost. My doctor was. attending me, and did all he cpiil'd, by’opium and morphia pills, to ease, the agony I was in. I was under him for fire or six weeks. He came to the con clusion that I-was suffering' from Loco motor ataxia, or ..'Progressi ve " locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, ancTdifficafty in co-ordinating1 voluntary movements. He- tohl me that I might last tenSyehrS,- and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to 'shdw that medical opinion is not infallible;) -Well, just as a drowning man will gtaSp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the “ Australian Workman,” by Dr Wil liams’Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the. advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my- own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, Valid sent for a box. The effect was as marvel lous as it was magical,. I was able to eat and,sleep as though nothing wbs the mat ter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and.'was' able to move about. I have' taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, , and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see‘thoke crutches, there ? They ere, perfectly; new,, and I have never used them." 'They were -made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and mow I dont want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it.- ' You. see I am rapidly regaining my strength.” “ He is 100 per cent, belter," said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken th« baby on her knees. “The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man ofjhim." iA- friend who called in at this-point, sajdthat Jarvis looked ..ten years- younger that day than he did a fortnight pre viously; . • ’ :if: MI can now,” continued Jarvis, ‘‘have a dbld bath; and all the feeling has, come back in my. )egs... If I keep- on going the way I .am, I; hope to resume * work ns a boiler-maker, and you know I have-, l.o be iq the very, pinlirflf health' and’strength to work at that Vtrade. ,. I am better .to-day thsja’l.kq.ve'iieW.-at any time diwing the past five years. I ascribe' aH the change j axjdl benefit ' to* these Piflk Fills... They have Saved my life."'! am in- no pain .whatever, ..and . feel .like a new man. ;Oh jhe manllepiece there - is a box of1 ipiam and morphla’-pillk which the doctor gave ma to deaden the excruciating pain. Butrthey can stay where .they are, for I no longer need them. Every body who knows nie has been amassed at the change;, in- nte, They cqnisrdly believe their eyes,' :'Mlj being about again has caused quite a sensation.out here.” ' . -' Such; ia. this-remarkable history,land it edhfirmS whatis" said. in all. the chief news paj^rsofthis.country of the aatonishing cures wrought ,= byfVDr W.illiams' Pink Pills for Palis ^People,-. -They cure loco motor aiaxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease,: ,-qlso the -many- disorders which arise; from an impoverished state of the blood, such as ansemia, pale and sallow Complexion, general; muscular weakness, indigestion, lossVof appetite, shortness of bteatb, pains in tha back,?nerT0U3 bead? kchj^ctp.: ;T" : -! ' Appointment; of- -Poundkeeper. — Mr Thomas Findlay, who,'baa held tlie poin tiott of poundkeeper at’Cbiltern fprsome iyearsyand-whoseresignationwaa accepted ■»t the last meeting-'of the shire ’council, has again accepted the position, on the i condition that the oouncil put the pound i yards ini itch repair'as wilt hold any 1 cattle tltat aaj.be impounded* r 