SOME GEOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. (FROM TUB "CO<W;ARDIE JIISER") We have before us the Conmh Po-it and Mining Ntwt, published in Camborne, Corn wall, England. The paper is a very present able sheet, and fills a couple of columns with "News from Foreign Mining Camps." Some of it is interesting, and some is otherwise. The first item from the "mining camp" at the Transvaal is "The Streets of Johannes burg are full of mud." The item is a few weeks old, and the weather may have changed,' but the news is given in good faith.. The next item is rather a large order from the mining camp-a somewhat scattered one-of "Australia," and refers to the appearance of a white-eyed nigger-who is a Cornishman-at a theatre in a place called Sydney. The South Australian " mining camp" furnishes something in the wavof a sensation as under:-"Shot the manager. Charles Cock burn, manager of a quartz' battery at Heron Island, Brisbane, has been shot hy Thomas Harris, who had been discharged by him for drunkenness. Cockburn will recover; Harris will not." Except that Brisbane is in North East Australia this paragraph is substantially correct. In the South Australian news also is recorded " An awful story from Melbourne" (another "mining camp" of which some of us have heard). " Melbourne is in South Australia, but in the Victorian section of it. A horse-race is run there in the early part of November each year, and is witnessed by several people, some of whom make small wagers on the result. It has a -railway, and boats sometimes call in at the Bay (Port Phillip) on their way to England." . From the "nr'ning camp" of New South Wales the news is derived tiiat "probate of the will of the late William Hooper, of Glenelg, has been granted for £20,700. He leaves £100 to each of five institutions and £50 to the Glenelg Congregational Church;" and further that " JohnTreloar, for having smuggled goods in his possession, has been fined £25 at Melbourne." Glenelg is in South Australia proper, and Melbourne is located in the last paragraph. Moreover, New South Wales is credited with a sensation, to which it can lay not the shadow of the ghost of a elaim, in the following para graph:- "Shot a Chinaman. Shortly after midnight on Saturday two men named Nancarrow and Walters, watchmen on the Catherine United battery, Eaglehawk, saw a Chinese stealing pyrites. Walters fired and shot Ah You, alias 'Six-Fingered Jack,' right through the back. He was not seriously hurt, and was arrested and charged with the robbery." Eaglehawk is in Victoria, which many years ago was portion of New South Wales, but was going "on her own" long before Eaglehawk was specked. From the same source we learn with alarm and suspicion that over 400 people were treated at Coolgardie Hospital during 1896 for fever, which raged with such violence that 40 patients died within two daj's. Also' that the fever scourge is more violent than ever, and that for three months at least there will not be anv diminution in the number (147) admitted during January. The local doctors have not supplied this information to the local press. Another item of Coolgardie news is furnished in the intimation that "Mr. John Penrose was on Wednesday evening re-elected Mayor of Silver ton. This is the sixth consecutive time Mr. Penrose has been elected to the position which about constitutes a record." Silveiton is not in Coolgardie. It is the capital of Thurs day Island, near Sydney, Tasmania, and is peopled mostly by aboriginals and pearl fishers, who elect Mr. Penrose every year to the mayoralty, as he is the only citizen who can speak English-a language none of them under stand. The last item of " camp " news is from Broken Hill, where a man named Brokcnshire was killed in the Lake View South Mine, Kal goorlie. Our Cornish contemporary is a little out in some of its details. For instance, Australia is not a mining catnp-at least not all of it. There are mines in the district, but in some parts of it there are agriculture and pastoral pursuits, end manufactures give emplo3'inent to some hundreds of people. It is a large country. If Cornwall were taken up in the night and dumped down on the smallest of its territorial divisions it might be weeks before the papers got hold of the fact, and if it were possible to lift England and drop it in the heart of Westralia, the inhabitants of the island would, perhaps, not be discovered for 50 years, unless its loss was reported, and explorer Cal vert sent out with a policeman and a search warrant to look for it. It is to be regretted that these errors find their way into English newspapers. A more intimate acquaintance with the Aust'ulian geography should be culti vated, and chiefly, the fact drilled into growing lads who may emigrate, that the capitals of the provinces are cities richcr and larger than many in Europe, that most of the people are white, and are taught to speak English as well as their native language. Also that Melbourne is the capital of Sydney, and New South Wales is in Victoria, the metropolis of which is Albany, South Australia. The newspapers-we will do them the justice to say-know this, but the knowledge should be given out, disseminated as it were, and not locked up, like the secret oath of a bald-headed bushranger, in the editorial breast. 