THE OMEO STANDARD. With which Is lnoorpor«teI| the Omeo Telegraph FUMAY, AUGUST IS, 1SD7. THE BREAD TAX. Protectionist orators nnd tho pro tectionist press, both in Victorin and Now South Wales, aro constantly de ploring the unfortunate position of the New South Wales farmer, said to arise from tho largo importation of wheat under the recently adopted frcotrado system, and have been describing in glowing colors the position of his com peers in Victorin, who, through tho alleged beneficent action of the pro tective system, are gunrded from such competition. These comparisons not only exhibit the usual and characteris tic concealment and distortion of fact, on which most of the protectionist ar guments nre based, but they also prove the inhuman tendency of protection more clearly than almost any other subject with which tho fiscal contro versy deals. Their examination is, therefore, of more than usual interest What are tho facts'? The importa tion of food stuffs is not a now thing in tho neighboring colony, as these journals would make us believe. It has been proceeding year after year, under protection as well as under free trade, nnd uriscs from tho fact that New South Wales does not yet pro duce sufficient food stuffs for the con sumption of its quickly growing popu lation. Last year’s season, however, was one of the most disastrous ever experienced by Australian farmers. Everywhere short crops were garnered, and Now South Wales made no ex ception. According to the Age itself (7th July, 1896), tho wheat crop gave 5,195,312 bushels; the requirements of the colony are 8,570,320 bushels, and there was thus a deficiency of 3,375,008 bushels, or close upon one half of the wheat required to feed the people. What, then, is to be understood from the protectionists’ lumontations over the importation of wheat into New South Wales 1 Would they have prohibited any wheat from coining in, when there was little more than half as much wheat as the people wanted 1 In that case they proclaim themselves wholesale murderers, and hanging would be too good for them. If they did not intend to prohibit the impor tation of wheat, their lamentations over the injury which these importa tions inflict upon the farmers of Now South Wales are obviously hypocritical, and nil their protestations aro so many lies. It may, however, be said that while they would not have prohibited imports of wheat, they would have placed a heavy duty on imported wheat, so ns to secure a higher price than 4s. 3d. a bushel to the N.S.W. furmer. This is undoubtedly what they would have done, but it is obvious that such a measure could not have prevented the imports which thoy pro fess to deplore, and therefore again shows the hypocrisy of these lamen tations. Moreover, such a duty would have increased the price of bread, as it did in Victoria; it would, therefore, have prevented a great many people from getting brend, or as much broad as they wanted, and would, have been only a degree less criminal than total prohibition. Not only is this policy of starving the people vaunted ns a demo cratic policy, but it is also advocated in the alleged interests of farmers. “ Look ut the farmers of Victoria," is the cry, “thoy are getting up to Cs, a bushel for their wheat, while tho unfortunate New South Wales farmers get only 4s. 3d.” But these friends of the farmers carefully conceal that our farmers have to pay dearly for this higher price. If the duty on wheat were the only duty in Victoria, then no doubt those of our farmers who nre wheat growers would have derived an advantage from the duty in'this year of scarcity. Every one, however, knows that this is not the cuse; and knows that the duties on all manufactured goods weigh heavily on our farmers. It bus been proved over and over again that on an average every farmor loses directly and indirectly over L40 a year through productive duties, or all our farmers about Ll,600,000 a year. This has been going on for years, so that for the last ten years the farmers have lost about L16,000,000. During the whole of this period, however, they never got one penny from the wheat, duties, for during ihoso years we wore exporters of wheat, and the duty was admittedly inoperative, This year it has become operative on account of the shortage.of crop. The crop, plus old wheat, is stated to be about 7,000,000 bushels, and as the price has been increased say lOd. per bushel through the action of the wheat duty, our farmers hnve benefitterl to the ex tent of L291,666, provided they held air the wheat. When, however,_ that held by millers and'merchants is de ducted, ns well us the increased price of flour, brend, seed wheat, and horse feed, this sum is seen to be reduced by nt least one-half. It follows, therefore, that the vaunted advantage of the Victorinn farmer comes to this—thoy lost LI 6,000,000 through protection in order to gain LI50,000 by protec tion. , Not only that, but these friends of (hi! fanners usk them to continue paying LI,GOO,000 a year in order to have the chance, of making nnolher LI50,000 in perhaps ten years’ time, provided thore is another disastrous season like the lust. A meeting of'.the Omeo Early Clos ing Association is to bo field this even ing for the purpose of arranging for the holding of the annual carnival and sports. Air. Elms, valuator to tho Savings Bank, will visit',\Omeo on Monday week, 23rd instant, °n business con nected with loans under tho Credit Fonder Act. Travellers and tourists may bn in terested in learning that return tickets issued from Melbourne to Bcechworth and Bright are available for return from Sale and Bairrisdal<*also. Mr. Hunter, secretary of tho Omeo branch of the A. At. A., will visit Tongio West on Saturday Jovoning and Sheep 1 station on tho following day, when ho may be consulted on business connected with the Association. Mr. W. Trelmrno, of Tarnagulla, who had sons onguged in mining in Long Gully, died last Friday, He was taken ill on tho previous day and ar rangements wero tnado for taking him to the hospital at Dunolly, but death ensued a few hours after and bofore ho could bo removed. Tho deceased was 06 years of ago. “In tho conversation that goes on between you two it is impossible for the bench or the witness to understand what is said,” said tho chairman of the bench yesterday morning to a couplo of lawyers who had wrangled and dis puted for thirty minutes in a petty debt case, obscuring the evidence by running comment. During the coming month Mr. Sey mour, shire engineer, will make a survey of the track from Deep Creek to the Gibbo (King’s) with a view to widening it sufficiently for wheel traffic. It is anticipated that a grant under the provisions of tho Mining Development Act, for which applica tion him been made by the shire council, will be available for tho work. In the police court yesterday morn" ing I. \V. DeLany sued S. R. Aloody for 84 weeks wages at £2 10s. per week for sinking a shaft on the Eliza beth lease, Wombat Creek. During the evidence it transpired that both parties were shareholders in tho com pany owning the lease, the defendant acting ns manager. The bench held that the case was one for the Warden’s court and entered a non suit, no costs being allowed. Tho schedule of Charles Marriott Watson, a prominent Melbourne so licitor, shows his liabilities to he £13,553 and tho deficiency £10,741. Among the unsecured creditors are the Messrs. Ritchie and Al'Grath, to whom he owes £1337 Os. 8d., amount of a Supreme Court judgment recovered against him for moneys received on their behalf in the noted case against the United Brothers G.M. Co., Alount Wills. On Monday evening last an en tertainment was given in the Wes leyan church, Cassilis, on behalf of the Livingstone Home for Neglected Children at Cheltenham. Almost the whole of the programme, which was rendered to an audience that crowded the building to the doors, was by the children of the-Gassilis Band of Hope. Action songs, recitations and singing were all given in splendid style, and the Rev. J. O. Hughes delivered an address on temperanco. The need of finger posts on the various tracks leading over the snow clad country had been aceentuuted by tho experience of Mr. Williams, re cently lost for a fortnight in the vi cinity of tho Dargo High Plains, Though tho Omeo shire council keeps the tracks cut by tho Alines depart ment in fair order, this is not the case in adjoining territories, and in many cases the blazes have grown out and when snow is on tho ground the tracks are barely perceptible, and only a good bushman can follow them, A few fingerposts, which would be erected by the residents if the boards were sup plied, would render the travelling of these tracks by strangers very much The growing importance of the mail and the inareasing mass of postal matter carried between Swift’s Creek and Tongio West and Cassilis will shortly render it imperative that some alteration is made intlie service. Tho tri-weekly mail at present -parried on horseback has. ceased to he sufficient for the requirements of a rising mining field, nnd the long mooted proposal to run the coach between Swift’s Creek nnd Omeo via Long Gully instead of by way of Tongio Gnp must soon be given effect to. The deviation would only increase the distanpe between the two points by about a couple of miles,' a mere trifle considering the interests involved. The chief trouble, as has been previously pointed out, is- the bad state of the road on tho new route and the need of bridges over the Living ston and Swift’s Creeks ; if this can , be overcome, and it is merely ainatter of expense, tlioi new, route will be more convenient and very little less speed)' than the one at present travelled. The development of many new gold fields in the Omeo diets iot is proving thaf; the-o|d routes pf postal .communication, established many years ago, are no longer suitable to tho re quirements of the mining population. Among many instances that have been referred to of late may he mentioned the Dargo High’ Plains. There are how fully 150 rpipors. employed round about there, tyhiW’businesii interests lie all in the direction of either Dargo township or Qin^futyThe only postal ; facility they atjijj present have is a :i weekly mail biifught. front Harriet ville onco a week j thqs attaching the Plains to the North-Eastern district i instead of to Gip^slaml, of which jt is ] an integral part,-,’Itis suggested that i the growing interests of the Plains 1 would bo muoh. jl^tlpr served by u, ■ weekly mail carried between Omoo and Grant, via Cobungra and the High Plains. This would not only serve tho residents at the latter place and those along tho routo, but would nlso con nect two parts of Gippsland that have now no direct postal communication. This matter is to be brought under tho attention of tho authorities lind it is hoped that some alteration in the direction here referred to will bo ef fected. < Mr. Myles T, Carroll, once well known in Omeo, is now n big man ia Paris, whore he represents soveral Westralian gold mining companies and is much looked up to by investors, Rumor has it that bis reports and opinions are received with great respect. On Wednesday afternoon next. Mr. Du V<5, in conjunction with Messrs. M. Goold and Co., will soli at Hinnomun jio about 100 head of dairy stock on account of Mr. A. Reid and other owners; also many sundries. The salo will commence at 2 p.m. sharp. Mr. Hunter has arranged to hold a public meeting at Omoo on Tuesday evening to consider whnt steps shall ho taken towards the erection of a battery on tho Livingston Creek. Ho is taking this action in consequence of a conversation ho bad with the Min ister of Mines when in Melbourne recently. Mr. H. E. Coffey, an oflicor of the Railway department who is engaged in the compilation of a Tourists’ Guide, visited Omeo and the Plains oh Wed nesday and Thursday, returning to town yesterday, The Guide will con tain a reference to the principal beauty spots of the' colony, and the object of Mr. Coffey’s visit was to obtain information about the chief scenery here and to make travelling arrangements for tourists who make the round trip over the mountains. Mr. W, B. Mansfield, who has been at Glen Wills for the last sixteen months, left there on Monday last, having, accepted the appointment of assayer and metallurgist to a well known firm of jewellers in Beechworth. It is to bo regretted that he found it necessary to tnko this step, but it is pleasing to know that his abilities have been recognised. Tho residents of the Glen wish him every, success and trust: that his new position will be a stopping stone to something wherein lie will have better facilities for tho display of his acquirements. After the formal business of the Rechabite lodge was concluded on Monday night the Rev. R. M‘Lean delivered an interesting lecturette on tho Yarrangobilly Caves. Several songs were rendered and an enjoyable evening was spent. At next meeting the question will be debated “ Is the belief in ghosts justifiable,” Mr. Beverley taking the affirmative and the Rev. R. M’Leantho negative. If thoRechubites would discuss the question of spirits instead of ghosts there is little doubt tlmt a very positive affirmative would bo taken by most of the people of The following apology, which will be read with interest by many residents of tho Omen Plains, appears in a recent issue of tho Cooma Express :—I hereby tender an apology for certain slanderous expressions made use of by me reflect ing on tbe character of Edmund Joseph O’Brien, of Berridale, on 22nd Juno, at Buckley’s Crossing. I admit the charges made by mo were uncalled for and I regret very' much they were mado.—Samuel Woodcroft. Witness : James O’Rourke, Berridale, 2nd Au gust, 1897. If scrip on tho Glen is not going up by leaps and bounds at any rate there is a decided boom in tbe matrimonial market and no less than three resi dents have taken on the .Benedic tine yoke with the last few days. "Mr. and Mrs. John Dowling arrived from Omeo, where the ceremony took place, late on Tuesday night; Mr. und Mrs. Win, (Meerschaum) Judge arrived from Freoburgh via Omeo on the fol lowing day. On the same afternoon Mr. Win. Allsop and Miss Murphy, both of Sunnyside, were united in the holy bonds by the Rev. A. Gamble. The ceremony took place in the Glen, after which the happy couple wended their way up that tortuous, serpentine, and slippery traok to the Slope, there to reoeive the congratulations of their friends nnd listen to the discordant strains of the tin kettle band. In tbe excitement that has attached to the loss of Mr. Williams in the snow country about the Dargo High Plains, tho work done by tho search party has been rather overlooked. Altogether neurly forty miners were gngaged in looking for the lost man and carrying him to Bowstead’s when found, of whom thirteen were out for five days; and to tlie younger members of the latter - party, some of whom worn little more than lads, no little credit is due for their persoVerance and pluck under serious difficulties. On the third day but the search party lost the tracks of tbe missing man and the captains culled a consultation, when every member expressed a determina tion to go on until tlie body was found, there being at. that time very little hope of rescuing tho |unn ulive. So determined wos tlie search that some younger men were nearly thirty hours without food, being once benighted in the excitement of their search. In this connection some mention must be made of the negligence of the Hurriet ville police, who, it-appears, must have known eight days after Williams left the High Plains that lie had not rrnchpjl hisdestinatiogat Hurrietyille; although Showing thisjno other action Wits taken beyond writing to Mr, Gow, who did hot receive the 'letter for another three' days. Then the search party was organised, but tho police did not appear on the scene until the man bad been found and carried to Qow’s hut on the Plains, 