CURREJNT NEWS. INTENDING oUmpetitois in tihe Camper. down Arts and It,dustrial Exhibition are reminded that entries in the ,musiical and elocutionary. secti,,na close on Monday next, May 10th, but that in all other classes it has been decidedi tdhat entries will he received up to.May 17th. A YOUTHIFUL hawker untied James Knight Calley was bhr,ught before Messrs. Walls and lM'Crae, J's.P., yesterday, to anslwer a charge of Unot having his name displayed on his pack as required by the Act, to which he pleaded guilty. Crnstable Quinn explained to, the Bench the pruvi. imses of the Act, and stated that during the last two or three years special instrue tions thad been given to the police its regard to this off -.nce. II reply to MIr. Walls the accused said he had Ihen licensed for three years past hut had never beeiu told that he had to have. his name on his pack. Mr. Wells then asked if the provision were a new rone, but Constable Quinn replied that instructions had been iksued'to the police about it as far hack as 1891\. The accused was fined 51, and was warned to'have his name placed on his pack inumediately. IT is reported that a ghost has been seen during the last few weeks by several residents of Skipil. A story is told to, the effect that in the early tdlys a woman was imuidered near Iniugi Willi, :od that her spirit walks about at minidciht on moonlight' nights. Not very long ago the ghost chased a man nearly all the way bhome to Skipton, but as the apparition twas capable of emitting most hideous noises, it is believed that solid flesh and blood had something to do with the per. formance. Should the mischievous in I dividual fall into the hands of certain parties ont the look-out for his re appear. ance (says the Grenville "Standard") he will most probably have reason to eclipse all previous efforts in the way of discord. ant vocalisnm-in other words, he will get something to howl about. Mi.W. Lawson, of Camperdown, played the part of Major-General Stanley in a successful perfornmunce of the " l'irates of Perizance," at \Warnaomb o l otn Friday evening, under the conductorship of Mr. L. Bayer. A Local Land Board will sit in Camperdown on the 11th May to hear reasons why the licences or leases of the following should n.t be for. feited :-Mary J.Catterson, 266a., Bruck nell; Annie Davey, 149a.. Waarre ; Annie Davey, 156a., Waarre; J. It. Dalziel, 320., Carpendeit; Gen. Genumell, 200a.. Loorie. d jo? ; Thus. Heay, 284a.. Wiridjd ; B. F. Kennedy, 100a., Wiridjil ; Jas. Magil ton, 100a., Paaratte; J. R. Mallinusn, 320a., Timboon ; D. M'Gillvrny, 80a., Paaratte; P. M'.Nulty, 314a., PIaratte; B.M'Nulty, 320a., Pearatte; D. BM'Nulty, 120a., Paaratte; John Port, 257a., Car. pendeit ; Rccbt. Ruse, 55a., \Vaarre; Stephen Thomas, 196a., Waarre; Jun. Jas. Wiggins, 189a., Paaratte ; Jos. Wor. land junr., 100a., Paaratte ; J. C. Miathie sons 243a., Waarre ; J'dith Davey, 278a., La Trobe ; Jno. Carroll. 552a., La Trube; Margt. Mathieson, 498a., La Trobe ; Catherine I. Mathieson, 412a., La Trote. The following cases will he heard in Warrnambool:- John Thomas, 208a., Narrawaturk ; Henry Unsin, 10ul., Laang ; David Brewer, 106a., Nullaiasrre; John Cumuiing. 137a., ullawarre; alichl. Dunne, 200a., Nullawarre ; W. II. Irvine, 91a., Nirranda ; W. H. Irvine, 107a, SNarrawaturk ; .Gerard Irvine, 88a., Nir. randa; Gerard Irvine, l18a.,Narrawaturk; John Malonle, 2(Oa.. Narrxwatutk ; John P. Palmuer, 107a., N:rraw;aturk ; Thes. e. Underwood, 244a., Nirrsda ; J J. Wa illiams, 101a., Nullawarre ; W. J. Laid law, 150a., Nullawarre ; Thos. W. Fidler, ar 186a., Laang. of OwIN' to the Warrtambool Races, the ly yarding and attendance at Mr. J. at Thornton'myards on Saturday last were not large. Fat cows brought £4 5., milch P cows to £5 5s, fat comeback ewes fs 6d, be and fruit from Is to 2s Gd per case. a WRITIsn of the Polled Angus breed of u- cattle in Victoria. " Bruni,'' in the "A us tir tralian," states that Messrs. M1ackitnuOn, ,n of Maridayallock, in conjunction with it. Mr. idanifold, imported a few choice 4 Polled Angus cattle three years ago, with which studs have been formed. The at object Messrs. Mackinnon had ill view was to cross their long established Short. be horn herd with the Polled Angus, with a le view of thus getting rid of the buhorns and ta raising a, hardier class than the pure ty Shorthorn. The experiment has not yet been carried on long enough to state re definitely what will be the result, but the in young cattle on the cross are very prunils en ing. at WE havebeein requested to state that it has been decided by the commuittee of the Arts and Industrial Exhibition tht Snumnbers 72 to 75 in the catalogue shaill Bn be open to all, and not only to those under or 16, and also that an additional prize will ry be bgiven in Class IV, Section As, for oil er- painting, any subject. S Warro o of bands and instruments ren in minds me (says the Melburne core" Ot pondent to the " Ararat Advertiser") of a of sensational little incident a hich occutrred er on Easter Monday at a sequestered spt, niot 'above 50 miles fromnt Melbourne, ia er incident which may yet see light inun be fully than it hitherto has done. A certas Shigh official'of State, with a euuiber of is hia friends w*as rusticatitig in a well as appointed hostelry of which ithe to?wn at Ioaqta, and as they were holiday makitg, hr thefun was fast ant furious. As a kind o uT wind.upto the festivities a dance Sa "s held on the Monday night in the billisrd be rnmoui, the hotel, whichl, by the way., is "S favmtitetresort ofthi ledies ard gentletti as wihi? like to efijopr a breath of the freh ke cmuntry' air thatc kbounds in Gipplslud as Great jinks were darned on during thi Sdaniae, aind the . 0. 0mentioned sueceedd Ie ]l getting iiost' of the party pretty "isulky, as they say in the city court, ere the l" re ceedigs terminated, Finally, ereryoau * got to bed except the High Official who p. roamed around looking for enore dirertnioa er In the course of his perambulatiltns'l i caught sight of a big euphoniulm e.bi one ofthehkcal bandsuienhlad iradrerteutlY left behind. "' Hai, hIa," chuckled Ih ar joker, "now I'l give X (a well kneo s bachelor politician Snot enoS iii prITcliYI) e a lively time." Seizing the instriunlilt, he ir quietly umade his way upstairs and sl i g the iassige to the reils wlhere N 5 m suppo.ed to be eleeping the I.earyn s.! ot f thle unjust. He enurionOly tip toed 0 the ther, where a rectulmbrnit tira 15 Sntllintl noisily in every key u In,,n litusiciulls, and auttiig his lijps to Ill outhpiece, hedrew a deepi breatlhal a bIlew a terrific l:ast. Thete wuas a e l ie femininr e sciemn, a deep hits t .0I, if I.O. stinsl trastixeld with horror as eruinently respectable citizen u.d i hadlv scared wife s'irt up iti e i r titineously. The official's exit asS r .Y hasty than dignified, and the fast to~i~ e which hle covered thle distance butret . that room and his own chralber sh ce ensure his being placed on scratch at Ic next public service sports. it M'l. Thomras Brown, of Stre.tha'm, shi ne recently experienced such a narriws ?i0' II from death by lightning-str"ke, hss 1" aluost recovered from thu shtk snil., Sjuries sustained. A deep .o.Ud stil e mains on the left leg, whic c' uarely burnt, but this s bhesi5 il aiol, nd will soon b e s rll s ' Tno cn:iitteett of thie C.ulperior.l I Ath:etic piorts o ciety held a mleeting . a( the Ciunltrcrui:i Hotel last evening, there u bein; d tIresrt Messrs. A. J. Satclhweil (iun n the chair), H. Maley, R. W. B" no, C. Fox, g: J. Armstring, 1. .M.Cabe and J. J. Doherty. Mr. M'Cabe intimated that s since the previous meeting he had relin- g guished the position of secretory in favor A of Mr. Armstrong and had accepted t' e 3 position of treasurer. The princiirl d business was the consideration of a pro posai by the comnmitteoe of the Camper down Art and Industrial Exhibition that S the two co(mlittees should unite in ft guaranteeing a special train from Cltc on Isi the Queen's Birthday, leaving Colac at ' 9 30 a.m. and returning from Camnper- ci down at 10 p.m. It was calculated that the guarantee would amount to £14 10s, gi of which it was proposed half should he so borne by the Sports Society and half by the Exhibition Committee. After some R consideration it was decided to fall in with 31 the suoges?tion, the rates to be charged to A be coos dered later on. Mr.I W. W. Bone, assistant secretary, mentioned in regard C to the two- utile bicycle race that several cyclists had called upon him and poiited l out that they could not coompete without beit t disqualified, as the first prize was under £5. It was therefore resolved to make the event a club race for trophies, I open to members of any club within a radius o)f 50 miles. The chairnlan suggested t that a wor king bee should be formed to put the groundin order, and the sugges- f tion was agreed to. The secretary was instructed to write to lie Camperdown brass band and ask them to play on the sameconditions as previous years, and also t to make arrangements for obtaining the show ground for the sports. Mr. J. J. Doherty brought under the notice of the meeting the fact that last year several th people were riding over the hurdles on the ground, and doing far more damage to them than the competitors in the military C events. He expressed the opinion that cb no one should be allowed to ride on the he ground but the military men, and the opinion was endorsed by the meeting. So Steps will therefore, be taken to give = effect to this suggestion. ti Mh. and Mrs. A. S: Chiruside, of Koort ts Koortnong. were amongst the passengers by the French mail steamer, Ville de Ciotat, which sailed from Melbourne on the 2ith April. A statrszataa, enquiry touching the death of the swagman at West Cloven Hills, was held before Mr. John Walls, J.P., on Saturday. The evidence given s was in accordance with the particulars wi published in Saturday's Ch,-onice. Ralph if Shiels, employe.l at West Cloven Hills, th deposed that thedeceased had come to him th on Thursday, and complained of being Cl unwell. He gave him some eucalyptus f,; oil, and he returned to the travellers' hut pt to spend the night. On the following day w, another ewagman named' 1'Canny came fo to witness and told him that a man was lying dead in the hut. He went to the wi hut, and found deceased there. The body us was warm so thatdeath had occurred only ca a short time previously. M'Canny gave th evidence as to the finding of the body o and informing Shiels. Dr. Desailly de- we posed that he had trade a post mortem a examination. He found that the man had ht suffered from severe inflammation of the ev lungs, which had been the cause of death. on The other organs of the body were in a th healthy condition, and there were no en signs of violence. A verdict was returned TI in accordance with the medical testimony. Ft The police have ascertained that deceased fo was named John Davern, and was for- th merly a resident of Geelong, .where his St father was for many years a school-teacher. ne No trace can, however, be now obtained of any of his friends or relatives. on Tax entries for the Chrysanthemum and ex Fruit Show in the Mechanics' Hall oin ev Thursday next closed last night, and the lb indications are that there wi.l be a very pe creditable display, notwithstanding that re in some sections the season has rot been ac altogether favourable to horticulture. In th the decorative classes, which form perhaps wi the most interesting feature of the show, so the entries have been very satisfactory, sp and the high standard which has been lo reached in this department in Camper- re down is bound to be maintained. In the hi fruit section the entries have been remark- bl ably good, so that an imposinu display is ge assured. Nothing is now wanting to make at the show a success but a fine day, and so given this the attendance should reach ni that of former years. A musical pro- di gramme will be rendered during the even- un ing, when the public will have an oppor- w tunity of hearing the new piano which has R just been obtained for the hall. hi A sraaiow shooting competition will take place in Mr. Hay's paddock, Clob. no den road, Camperdown, on Thursday R next at one o'clock,- when a series of di sweeptakes will be shot off. Mr. J. E. t Hay has secured a plentiful supply of jC good birds, and as several of the district em shots have signified their ilitention of r shooting there should be some capital tI sport. A very interesting wedding at Lance- field is reported, by the " Mercury," the contracting parties being Mr. James Cameron, eldest son of Mr. John Cameron, of "Molong."' Cobden, and Miss May Barr, third daughter of Mr. William Barr, of Marroon. The cere- mony was pertormed by the Rev. J. D. Dickie, of Colac, at " Barholm," the resi- dence of the bride. The bride was given away by her father, and was attended by ' the following bridesmaids :-Miss Maggie , Barr, sister of bride, and Miss Cameron, sister of bridegroom. The bridegroom was attended by Mr. Southern and Mr. D. Cameron, brother of bridegroom. The bride was attired in a travelling dress of fancy cloth, trimmed with shot silk and lace; white Leghorn hat, trimmed with tips, lace and ribbon ; and carried a bou quet of white water lilies and roses. The bridesmaids' dresses were shot Sicilian, trimmed with shot silk. white fischu, and pale chiffon. They wore opal brooches, gifts of the bridegroom. The bridesmaids bouquets, were of cream roses, pink lilies, and tinted leaves, with satin streamers. After the ceremony the wedding party adjourned to a large marquee, where the wedding breakfast was laid, and a number of toasts were honoured. A very large number of valuable and useful presents were received. T'he Camperdown Band c.f Hope held its first meeting of the year on Fri day last, the president, the Rev. W. Thomson, occupying the chair. After the opening hymn and prayer the Chairmann made a few remarks expressing his plea sure at being elected to, a position which had been so well tilled previously, and hoping that the meetings during the pre sent year would be productive of good results, as he considered band of hope work should stand first in all total abstin ence effoirt, for the simple reason that "prevention is better than cure. It was also pointed out that the dbject of the evening'a eutertainment was to help to pay .tf the expenses incurred in improving the venatilation, etc., of the Temuperanlce Hall. Durintg t evenig the eRei t ev. H. J. Ham also gave an ablle address on dithe general suhject "Temperance." This subject the speaker characterised as a question fast assuming vast prouprtions, and one which threatens to shake the ascialfabric; for though at one time it was so insignificant a subject as to bring contempt upon its supporters, it now per meated the whole earth, and could boast as its supporters statesmen, generals, authors, and merchant princes. Of in toxicating liquor as a beverage the speaker said, ' So one can safely use it so, for few can stop at moderation.' and although no one began intending to de liberately become a drunkard, most moderate drinkers eacn that goal. On h questtion " Row are we to help men a How save them frin bec.ining drunk i. ards ?" the speaker was decidedly of the 3 ,pinion that to " educate puitlic tiniton S .was the better way. The f.,llowino ,ro ,lgralnle was rendered :-Chitrus, " We'll x eave them it garland," Chlir; action song, " Farmyatd voies.," Group of little girls; reitation. "'Cite St.owaway," Mr. A. H. Morris. : solo. " The wishing cap,' Miss C:ai' ; duet, " Whispe ting Hope.. tLess'rs. It. Craig and R Williams ; solo, Driuking," Mr. G.G. Cliie; vi,,lin solos, " Adestes Fi leles '" and " Auld Lang Syne," Mr. W. Craig ; solo, "A tlower from mother a grave," M:ses F. Etrey; solo, " The last milestone," Mr. R. Williats ; recitation, " The effectuia cure," Mr. H. Collie ; action tson. " Little dame Crutmp," G:,up of littli girls ;reading, "Jolly Tam," liasMttris; suol, "Far Away," Miss Craig; duet, " Pulaski'a banner," Messrs. J. Collie and R. Williams ; recitation. " The pipes." Mr. A. H. Morris; chorus, " Awake Awake," Choir. Tax President of the Hampden Shire Council (Mr. J. C. Manifold) has acceded to the request of the Catnperdown Board tf Advice, and the petition from a num ber of ratepayers presented to him last week, asking that a public meeting should be called to consider the hest means of celebrating the sixtieth anni versary of the acession of Her Majesty the Queen. The neeing will be hold in the Mechanias' Baill on Monday next at four o'clock in the afternoon. Mr. John Thornton's monthly pig sale takes place tomorrow at the yards. A lady agent for Camperdown and district is required by the Australian Mutual Provident Society. Messrs. M. Quinn & Co.. announce that they are making their display of winter goodls in all departments. Tenders are invited b1 the manager of the Camperd..wn Butter Factory for the pur chase of the t utter milk. Particulars may be obtained atthe factory. At Mr. John Thornton's yards sale on Saturday 50 head of mixed catt le, 300 2-tooth crosashred ewes and wethers in good condi tion, 150 6 and 8 tooth merino we'hers, 50 fat sheep, and 30 pigs, as well as the usual sundries, will be offered. 