LORD ROSEBERT ON EDIN- BURGH, \- I Thc new North llridge of Edinburgh, which has been erected by lite Corporation of Edinburgh at a cost of nearly ¿90.000, of which tlic North liri'.ish Railway Company contributed £30,000, waa formally opened by Lord Provost Sir Andrew M'Donald on the 15th of September. The bridge is a hand- some slccl-archcd structure built upon Blonc piers, and thc width between thc parapets is 7^"ft. It replaces a stono bridge opened in 1772, and crosses tho valley between the old and new towiiB of Edinburgh. The con- tractors were Sir William Airol (Limited), Glasgow. Thc Lord Provost, magistrates, and town council of Edinburgh assembled at tho City Chambers and walked in procession to the bridge, where his lordship Bcvored two silk ribands suspended across the thorough- fare at cither cud, and declared thc bridge open. Tho Earl of Rosebery and a number of prominent citizens were present, and the ceremony was witnessed by many thousands nf people. A specially-invited company, in- cluding Lord Rosebery, afterwards took luncheon with thc corporation in the Royal Hotel, Princes- street. After the loyal toasts had been honoured1, Lord Rosebery, who was very cordially received on rising, said :-My Lord Provost and Gentlemen,-My thanks aro rather due to the Corporation of Edinburgh for invitiug me to be present at the very interesting ceremony of to-day than thc thanks that you very kindly have expressed to me for coming. I am sure wc all regret that the Duke and Duchess of York were not able to come and per- form thc ceremony to which they were invited, but I think we must remember the almost unspeakable fatigues which thc progress, however auspicious it may have been, that they have made in Ireland must entail, and that one must be merciful even to those of the blood Royal if they cannot accomplish impossibilities. (Cheers. ) I am quite sure of this-for I have had un opportunity of knowing it from their owu lips-that if they had not been very-cager for a day or two of repose they would have been proud and happy to officiate. (Cheers.) My Lord Pro- vost, there would have been a great pro- priety in a Duke of York opening thc new North liridec, because, according to tra- dition, it was to a former Duke of York, whose memory, by the bye, is not uni- versally beloved and hallowed in Scot- land-I mean that Duke of York who afterwards for a very short time reigned over us as James VII,-it was to that Duke of York that the completion of thc original North Bridge is believed by mauy antiquarians to bc due. But I um not at all sure that the choice of thc Lord Provost of Edinburgh is not a more suitable one than even thc Duke of York himself-(cheers)-and I will give you my reason for thinking so. Thc North Bridge of Edinburgh to thc Provost of Edin- burgh is, or should be, hallowed ground. In the first place, it has made Edinburgh the city that it is, instead of the ancient city, beautiful in aspect and position, but extremely evil of odour-(laughter)-with which our ancient history is connected. There is now Princes-street, which is, so far as I ki ow, the most beautiful street in the world -(cheers)-and, though it has the defect in the eyes of the Lord Provost of being imperfectly assessed, yet it must remain thc crowning glory of Edinburgh. (Cheers.) Well, I say that every Lord Provost who reigns over old and new Edinburgh has, therefore, a right to consider the North Bridge as hallowed ground. But I will give you another reason even more distinctly personal to his office, and it is this. In the old days thc city of Edinburgh was not so well conducted as it is now. Títere used to be riots. . We can easily remember some of them in histor)- - the Porteous riots, the riotB about the Douglas cause, and so forth ; and I am led to under- stand from ancient tradition that when the rioters began to overwhelm thc forces of law and order the first cry of the mob was, " To the North Bridge with the Pro- vost "-(laughter)-and what could that evil cry mean in the mouths of those lawless people but this-that the Lord Provost being the floodbar and obstacle to thc full realisa- tion of their unlawful desires that exalted functionary, was to be flung over the North Bridge. I remember very well a predecessor of your lordship in the civic chair-I mean Sir William Johnston, whom some of you re- member, a venerated and venerable figure who recalled to mc with much gusto and unction the experience of, I think, the Lord Provost of thc time of the first Reform Bill, who was hurried in the enthusiasm of popular disorder to the North Bridge with the fell purpose that I have indicated, and, being on the very brink and parapet of thc gulf over which he was to be hurled, seized as his only chance of safety the tallest and strongest mau he could get hold of, and saying with rirmnesB which could not bc mistaken, "If I go over you shall go too," He thus saved his life by this heroic act. (Loud laughter.) My Lord Provost, I do not know if, as thc procession, of the conscript fathers of the city passed over that bridge to-day, there were any ghosts or spirits haunting your mind with thc recollection of the past. If so, I think that you would have performed your ceremony to-day with perhaps a trifling tremor which I did not observe. (Laughter.) I pass fro.n the North Bridge, which, after all, is tho foundation of thc beauty of the city, to say one word on the subject of my toast. I have to propose " The City of Edinburgh." That is a toast which it is almost impossible to propose in Edinburgh. If I had to propose it in Glasgow, for example, I might have to use the most persuasive eloquence at my com- mand-(laughter)-but in Edniburgh it is needless to do anything of the kind. If we have anything to do on this occasion as regards other cities it is this-to show a nobler spirit, a sublime disregard of all petty jealousy, and to show that, though Glasgow has becu recently honoured by an august pre- sence, which has not shown upon the city of Edinburgh, yet we are superior to any petty envies or jealousies. Well, as I say, it is hardly necessary in Edinburgh to say a word about Edinburgh itself-the city of Edin- burgh. Thc words that are used of another city are " thc joy of the whole earth." There is nothing like, there never can bc anything like it. Whether we remain in the iucom Garable street in which we are asscm led this afternoon, or whether we cross to those darker recesses which embody three-quarters of the history of Scotland, wo are in a city of which there is no like and no parallel, as I believe, in the world. And on what does the continuance of this splendour depend ? It depends, as I be- lieve, in the main on the municipality that is elected tn govern it. In the first place that municipality is the trustee of the beauty of tho city. It can at any moment make or mar that beauty of which we are BO proud, and therefore in any assembly where " The City of Edinburgh " is proposed our first con- sideration must be the municipality which governs it. And there ÍB a Bccond considera- tion, which is tliiB-that the municipality you choose is the fruit and the sign of the people inhabiting it. If you have a good corpora- tion, and reigning over a good coporation a good Provost, you may be sure that Edin- burgh is «ot merely beautiful but sound. Therefore I ask you to drink the toast of " The City of Edinburgh," and beg to couple ir with tlie corporation and thc head of the corporation, the Lord Provost. My lord, in my long connection with Edinburgh I have been happy enough to BOU none but good Lord Provosts, and I am sure there has never been a better one than the ono who, to our regret, is so shortly ta vacate office. ("Hear, hear," and cheers.) I give you the toast of "The City of Edinburgh," coupled with the health of the Lord Provost, Sir Andrew M'Donald. (Cheers.) The Lord Provost responded. 