HIS ONLY CASE. We were in Markham's " snug," a lrtt\e room to which he waB accustomed to retire to cool," as he expressed it, in such odd minutes as a heavy home- practice in meilicine left him. Netherby, a surgeon from lower down the street, had dropped in at ten o'clock to smoke a friendly pipe with Markham and me and to ohat over professional topics, as was our custom. Mark ham was great on reminiscences and struok out upon them as soon as Netherby, drawing his ooat tails sententiously about him, bad settled down into the doctor's wicker chair. We pmoked on in deferential silanoe until Markham hadfiniehad. [ «3 bik)» JBj| Hint, iintiii TTUT w** bis pipe. "Tm not much at • exprrli no s,' but !1 had one job out there near Sau Francisco thai has always been on mv mind." " What was it ?" asked Matkliam in bis abrupt way, turning a pair of pieicing little grey eyes on Netherby. " J t occurred » early twenty years ago, before 1 settled down,'' said Netherby, rtsnicvmg his pipe and throwing his head back ii.tu a reflective attitude. " I had had a few tutus at sea as surgeon on a North American ste >im r, but through a bother I had with the cbief i fli< or I dropped it at tbe end of a voyage out. I b it (her at Frisco and wt nt t n a ramble inland. I bad no definite plan, but I thought it wi.uld be worth while taking a turn round the miiiii g district. I had gone through surgeiy, -<iid thought, being au Englishman, there mi; lit be a chance about some of the mining S' ttl> incuts. Lots of work for a saw-bones about there," said Netherby, with a significant nod. "Did you get any ?" asked Markham, sharply again. One case—junt one And I didn't like it.' It wasn't in my branch at all," Netherby replied, frowning at the recollection. " I dropped on a little mining place in the Ibifls," he continued. " It was about a hundred miles east of San Francisco. I somehow fancied the place, so I stayed there prospectii g about (two months. In three weeks 1 kuew everyone in it worth knowing. They were as dtft reMtial M you please, learning that I was an English surgeon, so I got on well with them. "I stopped at the principal store in the town the keeper of which was a sharp and sbiewd Yankee, but about as good-natured as they make 'em. "One nigbt after I had gone to I ed I heard a loud knocking at tbe outer door. Then tbere; were voices. I could hear the stoielieej-er; speakingsharply to sonieoneabout coming at that] late hour. In a minute I heard him approach-! ing my room. He called out to learn whether! i was awake, and on my answering him, told! me that one of the ' bosses ' of a mine outside) of the town had come to see if I would go to aj man who was dying. There bad been a fall of| stone in the workings, and the man was badlyi injured. A doctor of some kind was with him,, but the man had begged that they wouldj bring an Englishman to him as he had 1 , something important to say. The ' boss" thought he wanted to make a confession, and] for some reason would only make it to auj 'Englishman. You see, I was not wanted pro-; fessionally, so at first I declined to go. The; storekeeper argued the matter with me, saying! it would look bad if it-got known that I hadj refused to go and hear a dying man's confes-) sion. So I got up and dressed and joined the, * boss,' and told him to lead the way. ; " He led me along the solitary main street of; the place, and then struck out tor the hills, i! had not the ghost of an idea where we were going, and as the night was dark it was impossible to note the way. I tried to get my companion to talk, but after one or two vague replies to my remarks I left him alone. He was either stupidly sullen or so concerned about the man that he was unable to coon rse lucidly. " We must have walked for nearly half-an hour when my guide gripped my right wrist and turned me sharply round, with a curt, * Kem this way !'" Still holding my wnst he wa'ked a few paces and then stopped. I could see tbat we were by « Low buih.ing. Going on again my guide !ed me slowly round tlic place until we reached a door on the further side. It was partly open, and I could discern a dim light wiil.in. ' Hyar we air,' <JKclaimed my con p' ninn pushing the heavy do.-r open. ' HyaiV the Engleesh fcurgeoii, inebb 'e'll du fer y< r.' •'It was a mining hut of the roughis! description. A small lamp was burning on a kind of mantle-shelf, and giving just sufficient light to make tbe place miserably dim and weird. A man in the. garb of a mint r was pitting on a rough Moo' by a low couth, a bed upon which I could discern a human Torm 4 Heaw es it now, Jose ?' aBked my companion. • Bad}' answered the watoher, bending forward to iook at the face ot the injured mao. My guide knelt down by tbe couch. 'Ned! Hyar's tbe Engleesh doctor. 'E'es oome t' hyar what yer'n t' say. Can yer talk *"m?' "I had grown accustomed to the gloom, and; oould discern a face of deathly paleness at the; raised end of tbe couch. As I watched it the 1 eyes opened. ' Leave 'im with me—leave as alone,' add a faint voice. 'Eemou, Jose. Let's gew oat. Laavatfca 'jgt.9 jyi, gam oa i' said agr ow* panion, taking bold of the wa'ctn •'The man plainly r<<se and left!.' e c » i lj my guide I heard the pondc ous d> or nt>- s.s! they closed it b< bind thorn, and kn w ti.. 11 was alone with the dying man. " Can I do anythiiig for you P" I Ubk <|, bending over to obtain a better view of him. ' Draw that stool up and sit <!own by me,* be replied in a low voice. " Let me examine you first," I said, fet-iing his right shoulder. ' No, no, not that,' he said tertily ' You can't do me any good that way. 1 want you to listen.' 'I will,'I replied. 'Goon..' " Are you an Englishman P' he asked, turning bis glassy eyes on my face, " Yes,' I replied again. ' Then listen. This is a dying man's confession. My name's Frank Mathrson. Iw «• diver;"' I was doing very well. Me and my mite, Tcijfij Tliornley, 'ad be. n at it for } ears We wrrte .Up^ brothers. Sometimes he went down an<l si in^-i ' times me. We were all right, until the i in came. Kate Jacobson her name w'ts She. was my girl, I loved her with all my lifn. 1 w»s - rt^ happy, so happy until Tom played »ne fie : : V He made pretence of friendship to Kate, for old acquaintance sake, he said, but I s»w how ifwiis going, He was making love lo hrr. Ho took her from me—my Kate that I would iiavo dii d H hundied times for— loi kh^r from me. Aim she lift me for him I was like, oned< ad. bvoiytbing changed. All the hope went out of me. I was miser:iblr, and wi-lie4 I wan dead. And he, my old ni; te, Tom Thomley, had done it-playe I me lulse. How I hated I im! We werr in ling still, divii'g teg< th> r juNt as bef< re. And ilicy wi re to be mairied—Tom and ray Katie lobe it ariied, 1 was mid—mad for he l; f d playi d me l"nlf"-. He bail stolen' iry love. She vv. s my K. tie. I won l.er—honourably ; be deceived me—tricked me. Oh, how I bated I im ! I wanted to Will l.im, for hadn't he killed my hop —1-y life. It was all tone. Ah! I renumber.' 1 The man closed bis eyes and stopped," w«rf Nethrrbv " I s*w flint be l>f>rl n< t finish' <1 I ir narrative, so I said gei.tly, ' Have you .nothing more to till me In a minute the ryts opened again. . They were quite wild kadi glaring." • Yes,' he gasped. ' They were to be married —my K»tie and him—inanied. But. I spoiled it. We were diving «t the old Merlin on a night- tide It was 1 urn's turn to go down 1. had to screw him up and pumptor'him. He went down. I thought of them, mairied, him and my Kctie. 1 vas m»d, and I did it. I kept on turning the wheel, madly, i-loatingly. I knew Tom was gi ttiiu; no air. Wc got him up, dead. I kil'e l him Killed him, lor be stole my Katie. • Then, I couldn't bear to look on her face. I thought she could read murder on my brow. The form of Tom hauuted me. I couldn't bear to bo at tbe old place or to touch the pump or the gear again. I daren't have gone down in ithat dress again for the v.orld. I would hk've (met him down tbere just as he died. I tan'. Ifrom the country. Now it's all over: I can die. )You've beard everytbiug. Leave me—leave me (in peace.' . ft. " His eyes closed and his head fell over helpjlessly to bis left side. He had spent himself iupon bis narrative. I stepped softly to the door jaud partly opened it. The noise brought back iniy guide ;ind Jose I learned from than that tbe. mau was badly crushed about the fewer part of bis body aud that the mine dootor bad told tin m he would not live throughthe night, lint tbat he would come back and see him. V'inding how n< arly he waa gone, I did ml. attempt to touch him, especially aa I had iMi been iiskcd to render any professional service. ''My guide conducted me back to the towa over tbe same unknown way we had travelled to.|* the cubiu. Promising to let me know how tha^' man went on, he left me by the stOBB at wfaieh 1 ; was lodging. Before I ro«e in ttie morning the utote-ki eper came to my room with tin infor- 1 mation tbat the man I had visited was dead. "You are the only living creatines who ever heard hi6 story from my lips," said Netherby knocking the ash out of his pipe and rising to, : go home. ' ' : i Sub-Editor : A correspondent sends us a full account of a cock fight, with photographs of the r steel spurs used,the oock-piUspectatoiv, birds in * battle, etc., with every round described GieatS Editor : Glorious 1 Get it all in. Sub-IMiuH? (doubtfully): But thiB 4s * family paper, ffifpli Editor: Y-es—I know. Head it^ABiS u p o n - w e » the Poliae P* C 