SStray Notes. ,o BY No ONE INc PARbTIULAR. IWHATr has bocomne of tbohe old Kinm, Swim mln g Club and its moembers ? In the days departedi we hlve had soun manly and euxcltug struggles for natatorisl henoro in th' waters of our incomparable gouilemon's bth; ind surely In'errst in this exhilaut ilg sportois not so dead as to abandon all hooe of reaurrecting it to lhfe and animation. Th'; spirit of eoimptitivenIos sinLate Io the mace of lBritons eanuo; be said ti) be absent frm the youth of the town aid di.triot. any more than pbtloplog-.ilve inltarnt i, the aires of a goodly number of our best awmlmers can be said to. deaden their lovy for vio'ory on the part of their" gmt. I knw a number of gentlueien ito Kalma who have taken a very keen inierest in the cotets whicbh have taken place uudir the atrpices of the old KIlama Swimling club, not only because theirsons figured in.the liAts of entries., but because the manly and exhilarating nature of the sport is such as to awaken iunterest under almost any cir oumnstanoe. the swimmers themselves. as I am peroeially awalre, are eaver for th resuscitation of the club; but they are in n ed of a Ileading light and mentor In the establishment and matntenanon lf the olub, and would hail wih dceight any move-ment to bring the epoat on again nid keep it going. We have the natural resources hlre ni the shape of a splendid bath, the bone anid mugcoe. and the necessary spirit of co., peitiveness which will pro ilde manly struggles for supremacy and kern etjiy ment for the publio who patronise tht apport; and all that remains le to set- the thing going. G-ntlemeu like Meesars. P. J. Uhelflues, W. Kelly, 8. 8. Wells, J. D. Hulrt and Drs, Terrey.and Andernou have given the sport genuite h.lp and s\ppoit'iu tue past, and I have no doubt would do so again; while to come to. the immediate natatorial. devorteseS we hiave hseasr. WV. Sutllie, A. Ohlsholn, 8. Hurst, It. blall. w 1[ and many othes who, combined with ooulpeitoie from iydney who have always visted uo and taken part in the contests, will btitg the sport up to its wonted level aindl piovie a fund of amusement Ifor a large section of the Klma publlo who are willing to accord patronage to the ouvnts, We have some first-rate swimmers amongst un, and it we have not got i " UaviIl ' family, who knows but that we may in the near future bring out comeo champions agai,'st the front rank swimmers in the colony. Mr. Sam Frankstook the honols of his old Kiama club to the front In the military contest in Eogland a low weeks ago, and there is a chance for others to ,imulate his performance. So now then, Mr, Kelly and some of you others, rouse uurselve and shabow uswhat youareo made of, Mojor.General French is to visit Kinma on Saturday next for the purpose of in epoecting the Kianla (Ei) Company .of vnluntesrs. IThre will no doubt be a full musoerof members, and there is aleo little doubt that tte inespecton wtll prove emim eutly satisfactory to all concerned. this'ls needs little comment, as the high otandard of the Company is well known all over the colony. Auothter important matter cou ineated with the Major-General's visit is that surrounding the business of a deputation whichlb is to wait upon nim and intpress him with the doetrablenese of establishing a South Coast Branch of the Now South Wales Rife Assocmatiot. A lot of prelhmiuary detail has aliuady booeen published in the press; and the public have been made arquniotod with' the views of Captain boney and several ocher competent authorities on the subject of tuts Branch Association. To mlao such an opportunity of drivnttg the matter home as will be offered by M1jot-General Freanch's presence in the midst of the " hom, of South Coast tflemen " would be eriminal, so that those who ale mn charge of the arrangemente--and none know bettef how to go about their wetk-rare doing the right thing as regards the depu ation, If time allowed it woull not be a bad idea to get the Major-Oeoeral loaded with the incenouse of nature's beauty as it is to be seen and appreciated on every side of us I get the profound grandour of the Bllowhole imprinted upon htn mind'e en e, run him up baddlebaoo and let him see the glorious stretch of Mountalon, hdll and dale and water to be viewed from that commanding eminence, take him laund to some of the many beautilul and picturesque littli nooks to be lound in every vale and by every purling stienmlet-jultoiously orame him with the bounteousnese of God's gifts to the district t and if he does not go away imbued with the abuodant bleassaing of nauture in and around Kiama, and that to move for the entab Ilrhment of a Branch Ansociattont amongst all these glories would be affo, ditg visiting rlfifmen much more than the moie facility. to take part in the ahooting-waell, he ought not to be a MujorGen-eral. Besides, a man in his position could give the district a good add, when he goes back to Sydney, so that u y little extra trouble would not be thrown away. At all evoents, whbltever happens, his visit may be expected to be pyloductive of a great deal of good to South 'oaot. Riflemenu, and through them to the district In general. 'The Sydney "Atrow" has resurrected the Kiama Ghost. I am not awaice in whose individuality the spectral personago crntres, The " At row " simply savn, after the match in Sydney on Wedoonesday last between a team of Kiuma croicketers and the "Imps"--impe and ghosts are sup posed to have a strong cfneoction in moany respects-that " the ghost walked in the arcade in the evening." Now, the only rel1 live Kiama cricketer it the above so called " Ema" team was that popular exponent of the came, Mr. A. E. Wood. If the term " Ghot t" hbs any referenoe to himn, the "Ariow "chap hay a wide rogeo of imeglhatton as regards the genus ghost. Alf would be a pretty substantial spectre to run agniust in the Arcade or anywhere else but it is no joke to rCexive a humili ating defeat so the crick' field anti then have to bear the stigma ot allch a ghoatly imputation. If the ghost was in the arcade at all-- and on the diction of the "Arrow ' man he wae-he muet either have walked, stoodl or ran, as theauthoritie?s would hardly gialt the privilege of ridine through in a cab; but all the namer I don't think it was an thIU;ng of the Kinma porsuasion. That Arneow" man evidently doesn't know mach about Kiamal cricketers nor Kirnat ghosts either, or ho would not, in the fi?et place, call the team a Kalma one; nor would he, in the second place, lay such a stigma at the door of our onlly representaive. If he will come to Kiama and bring the " Imps" along with him, our local willow-wielders will endeavor to prove this much to his toatie, faction, Nine farmts alt Gorriugong, forming portion of the Berry Estute, were sub tuitted for sale at auctiou by Mr. Alex. Ctampbell ln Wednesday last at Berry. The bidding for etch farm did not roach the reserve, and till the proporties were consnqitontly itused in, Theoro nw . a lR~lj0 pabh?F PttoadRR?, 