MILLAIS'S HEROINES. 'With the exception of some of his landscapes, there are but few of Sir ?JToWs pictures which have not at least one woman in them. The greater part, and by far the most interesting, are the canvases which reflect the grace and beauty of fair women, and tho fresh eharm of pretty childreu. The fcistory firom which these heroines are ?chosen is generally British ; the poets ?he has selected for illustration are j Shakespeare, Tennyson, Thomas Moore, and Sir Walter Scott ; his nursery characters are the cosmopolitan 'Cinderella,' tbe essentially English v/nerry rape, ana ' Lattle JMiss Muffet'; and of the humble denizens -rf our workaday world there are ' Buy a Broom!' 'Caller Herrin !' 'New laid Eggs,' and 'Shelling Peas.' Unlike many artists, BItllais owed very little to the professional model ; lie cliose his subjects frequently after seeing the sitter, or, in tho case of his own immediate circle, a pose, a gesture, ?even the wraith of an expression, or the ghost of a smile, were sufficient to ssggest possibilities of some telling j picture. Many of the master's most enduring works have for models his wife, his sons, and hte daughters, and ?ome of his own personal friends — a. very gallery of portraiture. Lady Millais figures in several of ter husband's best- known canvases, I notably in ' lhe Order of Release,' but in this the artist chose to entirely disguise the face, for it is essentially of a commonplsco type, and not at all like tbe lady who the next year became his wife. This absence of likeness notwithstanding, 'The Order of Release ' is an absolutely sympathetic picture — her face is so eloquent of the tidings she brings, whilst his is bowed to hide the unmanly tenderness they have evoked. Lady Millais also sat for 'Tho White Cockade,' which was exhibited in 1862, and for a portrait of herself in a brown velvet dress, which was lately shown at the Grafton Gallery, Sir John was undoubtedly much in fluenced by his models, since he evinced so much interest in their selection and ao constantly incorporated with his *-rbe«t work that which was nearest and dearest to him. Sir John's) four daughters have provided us with many charming heroines ; indeed, if one may judge by the number of works which bear the impress either individually or collec tively of their features, they must have been Almost continuously laid under contribution. The artist's eldest daughter, Mrs. James, who it is interesting to note is the mother of ?' Bubbles,' is the dainty maiden who presides over ' New Laid Eggs.' The -ame lady also sat through ' Her first Sermon.' For those twin studies, ?' Sleeping ' and « Waking,' the Becond daughter, Mrs. Stuart Wortley, and 3ier sister, Miss Mary Holman Hunt ili.lais, were the models, the former * aIso standing for that delightful mono ?chrome, 'The Grey Lady,' the title for which was (aggested by Mrs. .trengtm. tMe Sack-ground of this picture was originally intended for *' The Princes in (lie Tower,' and Sir John painted it from the staircase at St. Alary's Tower, Bimam, for fceveral ? years his home in the autumn holiday. Ob returning to London, and com paring it with the staircase in the Tower, the artist found it to be reversed in position, and he therefore set about preparing a different canvas : for the 'Princes,' putting the first' one away for future use. The air of ' mystery which surrounded this! prompted Jura to paint some other] subject for the foreground, and the 'Grey Lady ' evolved herself out of these shadowy surroundings. Miss Sophie Millais, now Mrs. MacEwen, Sir John's youngest daughter, is the ' Princess Elizabeth in St. James' Palace,' and Mrs. James tbe charming dancer in ' The Minuet.' Three daughters sat for ' Tbe Sisters,' and one of them for 'Forbidden Fruit.' The three Misses Ryan, who so frequently acted as models to MilUis, included tbe one who has been so immortalised as the Huguenot maiden ; an old friend of the family, General Letnpriere, standing as the Huguenot himself. 'The Proscribed Koyalist' was Miss Julia Ryan, and another sister, who was Mr. Coventry Patmore'g first wife, impersonated 'The Angel in j the House.' This latter poem was a favourite with the artist, who fre quently spoke of it to friends. Millais, like many other great painters, was often at a loss for a title for his pictures, and glad to adopt suggestions for these. Many have proved ex tremely felicitous, and make of his works a twin delight in the memory ' of things seen and of things heard.' There are few homes, either here or in 'Greater Britain,' where Millais s ' Cinderella ' is not a familiar household treasure ; and it is interest ing to learn from the pretty woman whose face has been thus immortalised something of her career as a model to the artist. 'Cinderella' is to-day Mrs. Walter Warren, the wife o£ a gentleman who is scenically connected j wun me stage, ana the daughter of Buckstone the actor. One of Millais's daughters, chancing to go to the St. James's Theatre, where the Kendals were playing 'Good Fortune,' was particularly struck with Miss Buck stone's appearance in the role of a I little Welsh girl, and told her father j he must go, if only to see this very charming face. Sir John went, and was so captivated by it that he wrote at once to Mrs. Buckstone and beggnd her to allow her daughter to sit to him for a picture. For five weeks the little [ lady went daily to tbe studio in Palace Gate, donning Cinderella's red cap and gown ; and of these sittings Mrs. Warren records many pleasant memories, based on the artist's uniform kindness and consideration to her. He was always considerably anxious that she should not sit too long, to] tire herself, and that after her journey from Norwood she should have lunch, and a Pood fire to wnrm tior knx &-.-. at. One day, in the dining-room, whilst thus occupied, Lord Beaconsfidd came into the room, and after talking for eotne minutes to Sir John, he came j across to where she was sitting, and, I patting her on the shoulders, asked her what she had done with her pretty red cap (fcr the moment discarded). ' What struck we most about the great man,' she says naively, 'was the fact of his extreme ugliness, and the very dirty gloves he wore. Of course. I did not know, qntil Sir John told me, who he was.' After 'Cinderella' was finished, Millais asked her to let htm paint her for ' Caller Herrin1 !' at the same time telling her that he should require her to wear a blue-striped petticoat. This her mother quickly provided, and MilUis, on seeing her in it, exclaimed, 'It's just the very thing.'' Mrs. Wanen used to visit Sir John rears after, for be always bad a feeling of kindly interest in his model. After her marriage, when she went to Palace Gate, he greeted her with — ' Yoa are just the same little Cinderella— not one little bit chingeJ.' Lady Millais's sisters were also favourite subjects of Sir John's. In 1864 Miss Alice Gray, now Mrs Stibbard, eat for that very bright and effective work, 'Charley is My liarling, and she also figures in ' Apple Blossoms '—amongst tbe group of blossom-covered ladies in the foreground, tho late Mrs. Caird, another sister, being also in this masterpiece of the artist. Mrs. Henry Hodgkinson, 8ir John'* half-brother's wife, also sat to him for his first pre-Baphaelite work, ' Isabella,' which is in itself qaife a porbraifcgallery ; for, besides the heroine of Keat's poem, there is Dante Gabriel Roscetti, Mr. Fenn engaged in peeling an apple, tbe artist's father wiping hi* mouth, William Rossetti posing as Lorenzo, and another friend ' as a serving man. The poising of ' Isabella's head in this tragic canvas ! of Millais's early days has been fre- ' quently dwelt upon by the critics ' 'Isabella,' being, as it was, one of j the first examples of the new school, j must be ranked amongst tho most im , portant of his works. . I' For his 'Ophelia,' exhibited \h« , 8rame ve»r ^ 'Tbe Huguenot,' Sir , John had as model . Miss Liddall, afterwards Mrs. Dante Gabriel Kossetti, an absolutely faithful type of the fragile style of beauty which lorcnea one of the canons of the pre Kaphaelite brotherhood. For pathos and for imaginative beauty Ophelia 'must be regarded as the masterpiece of the artist's early career The extraordinary respect for detail which is so characteristic of pre Kapnaelism, is here very apparent, and one may assume that the white, up-tunied face of the hapless maiden was just the needful inspiration for tuts marvellous piece of still life. 'The Bride of Laramermoor' is now the wife of a, well-known photo grapher ; and 'Cherry Ripe,' Madame Francisco de Paula Ossorio, the niece of Mr W. Thomas, the founder of the Graphic. There is a second interest attached to the well-known ' Black Bruns wicker ' besides the irresistible charm the picture tins always had for all admirers of Millain's art, and that is «..» .aujr wnose portrait was painted for the girl— Kate, the youngest daughter of the late Charles Dickens now Mrs. Perugini. Sbe was very young when she sat for this sympa thetic German maiden ; but as she, in after years, sat to Sir John, we have been able to learn much that is in teresting from her about the artist She says:-' I think that Millais worked with more enthusiasm than any artist I ever saw work: them were do moments when he was not at high presure— he had no languid intervals; indeed, his vitality and energy were the same at the end of a lone sitting as at the beginning. If he had I a bad day s work, he would wipe out all he had done with a kind of eager impatience to erase from hie *„„?,.,. \ what so displeased !iia eyo, telling you, at the same time, how good he was going w make it next time ; if the work had been successful, he was so feverishly anxious to go on with it that you tvould not for the world have hinted to him that you had already sat for three houcs, and felt a little worn out. His enthusiasm was contagious, and I think all his models will agree with me in this. Sir John talked a good deal during the sittings about books, plays, poems, pictured, and everything and evervboaV— 1« was tbe most delightful companion ; but when he became more than usually interested and excited in what he was doing, he would suddenly ex claim ' Hush !!1_to himself, for his poor model would by that time be too exhausted to utter a sound. He en joynd everything, work and play, and he was never bored ; although I knew him for so many years, I never heard ' him say an unkind word of anyone '—. Lady's Realm. 