? St. Patrick's, Church Hill. The solemn feast of Pentecost was celebrated at this Church on Sunday, Juno 6, by very large attendances at the early Masses, but especially at 11 o'clock, when solemn High Mass wns sung by Fr Ginisty, S.M., as celebrant; Fr. Guillemin, S.M., deacon; andFr. Piquet, S.M., subdea uuii. xiic in usxu uj. xvxci utiAictiiLt: es .m.tisa was splendidly sung by a full choir. At the Offertory M. Musin, the renowned violinist, played, a solo with exquisite devotional effect, with organ accom paniment by Mons. Wiegand. Miss Edith O. King, who was in splendid voice, gave a most finished rendering of the solo 'With Verdure Clad.' Tho 'Very Rev. Fr. Aubry, S.M., preached a powerfully scriptural sermon on 'The Holy Ghost.' In the evening Vespers were sung,fol lowed. by an eloquent sermon on 'Prayer,' by Rev. Fr. Piquet, S.M. A nrocession of the 'Children of Mary,' carrying a Statue of Our Lady, with some beautiful banners, marched round the Church. Solemn Benediction, with the Most Blessed Sacrament, was then given. During the exposition Miss King gang Cherubini's 'Ave Maria' very sweetly. All the Altars in the Church were pro fusely decorated with choice fresh flowers, and in the Sanctuary, at each side of the High Altai*, were some beau tiful pot plants. As is customaiT at this church, after Benediction the whole congregation join ed heartily in singing the beautiful hymn 'O, Sacred Heart.' At all the services Mons. Wiegand presided ;*at the organ with his usual skill and pro ficiency. IHMMMBHMMMMHM Mrs. Swanton, of 102 Bathurst-street, Sydney, announces in our advertising columns that she is prepared to supply male and female servants, or to find, situ ations for them. Mrs. Swanton devotes particular attention to attending to tho 'wants of Catholic governesses and servants who dosiro situations on stations in tho country. A lady representative of tho Equitable Life Assurance of tho United States will bo pleased to call on ladies and givo full par ticulars re life assurance for themselves, or endowments for their children, Address — Mrs. Clcofl'rey Harper, Equitable Building* George-street. 