Methodist Union. -:o:-- WESLEYAN CONFERENCE DEBATE. At the afternoon and evening sittings of the Wesleyan Methodist Conference, on Tuesday, the question of Methodist Union was debated. The RBv. W. Jeffries submitted the report of the Methodist Federal Council, of which he had been president. It detailed an expression of opinion obtained from the -carious Queens land Churches on the question of union. Thin showed the voting of Wesleyan members and communicants over twenty-one years of age: For, 1767 ; against, 241; neutral and un returned, 320; informal, 12. Quarterly meet ing and trustees' vote: Wesleyan-For, 252; against, 48; neutral, 27. Primitive Methodist -For, 155; against, 50; neutral, 24. Primitive Methodist members and communicants over twenty-one years of age-For, 1287; against, 275; neutral and unreturned, 178; informal, 8. The report of the Federal Cooneil on the question stated, in addition, that '-there being no trustees' votes to report from the Primitive Methodists, as nearly all their properties are held by the corporation, the above, in their case, show only quarterly meeting votes, which vote was taken in December, 1895, the executive of that Church thinking it not necessary to again submit the question to the official courts, it aeing then so decisively in favour, and the qearterly meetings of 185G being substantially composed of the same persons. The United Methodist Free Churches have repeatedly ex pressed their readiness to unite when the two larger bodies have settled tho matter. It is worthy of note that in only one Wesleyan cirnuit and one Primitive Methodist has there been a majority vote against union, and in the former case the majority is a very insignifitant one. In view of the overwhelming affirmative vote, we have no hesitation in recom mending the conferences of 1897 to resolve upon the consummation of union; and we also recommend that during the sittings of the conferences a united friendly meeting be hold for the purpose of determining the date of union ; and, if found practicable, we favour the holding of the first united conference in 1898. We also submit the following proposals: That for the next year the Federal Coun cil shall continue to exist in order that it may deal with any proposals for local amalgamations or adjustments. It may also take the initiatice in promoting asalgama tions, and it shall be instructed to formulate proposals for submission to qusrterly meetings, District Synods, and conferences. That no amalgamations shall takeetfect until submitted to the members and congregations, and to the quarterly meeting of the society or circuit con cerned. That the council shall be autorisecd to take such steps as may ie neseessory is order n prepare for obtaining a Validating Act, a draft of which shat! be submitted to the con foren-e. That for the year 1i97, separate District Synods or meetings of each Church shall ee htdd, from which reports shall be sent on to the united conference of atI)s." liclcost of district South Synod was given verbi.ly, showing the votes in favour of the tie ]tcc. ', --c-ccsU soOVed,-' Tisot this confer-ne, being still of the opinion that the ucisn of the Mllhodict Churches in Queens land would be for the more economical and effective use of thecir combined resources in pcssomoting the rpread of the lielosmer's .ing dcsoe, and having regard to the facts that the cctcitutiooal basisof sueh union adopted by the lost gesneral conference has crcn aeeptecd by the Churhccs concerned, and that the oilice- beareca andc ccseclbes's ol our owc Church and thle Primitive Methodist Churcel have voted Iy de cisive majorities in favour of such union being -.eleed on the general plan embodied in the cre10rt of ticc Fedetral Council to the conference of 18tc;, acd which was tlhn adopted, hereby derlarcs its willingness to proceed to cfect union with the Primitive Methodist and United Methodist Free Churches in Queensland in the event of their agreeing to the same by a vote of not less than a two-thirds majority of those vot ng in their supreme courts.'" lie said they were all agreed that the step was a most important one, and n0 doubt many of them would be glad to be relieved of the responoihilityofdealingoith it. But in accept ing the responsibility imposed on them by the Coureh, they ohould proceed to consider the subject wsith the hope of obtaining the result sshieh they all desired to see achieved in the not far distant future. fy an overwhehiing majority it had been decided that the organic union of the Chisches should be accomplished as early as possible. They bad not tried to stir feeling; they had been simply courting the question with a view to marriage. They had not yet said deliaitely they were going to affect the union, but if they passed the resolu tion they would show that they meant business, and feeling as well as enthusiasm would be stirred. (Hear, hear.) It seemed incredible to him that some would leave the Wesleyan Church, and some Methodists would refuse to come in, because the same red line ran through both Churches. Very little alteration, if any' was required to fuse congregations. Why could not they be all Wesleyan hMethodists, and fol lowers of John Wesley, in all the broadness of his Church ? One of the most urgent reasons for this union was that they might have a network of common Methodism spread over the land. There were Methodist churches t some places where there were no Wesleyan churches, and, considering the rising generation, union was a most important matter, as children became ncattered from their homes throughout the country. The Methodists wished to be a help, and not a hindrance, and when they eame ta gether they would find that the Spirit of the Holy Ghost would fall upon them, for they would reeognise that it was the work of God, As to the date of the union, and the difficulties in view, they would have the advantage of the presence in hirisbane this year of the lievs. R. Merry, W. f. Fitchett, and G. W. Taylorithree of the most ocute Church lawyers in Australia. Let the conference affirm the union, and he uadertook to say that so many difficulties would have been removed that, at their next annual csoference, they would he able to meet as uited Methodists. (Applause.) lifr. I. Aland, in seconding the moition, naid that some years ago he had voted against the ncion, but he had since become persuaded that union was the right thing with the Church which practically worked under their own The Rev. RI. Stewart moved, as an amend ment,-" That, in the opinion of this con ference, the time has not yet arrived for a decisive vote on Methodist organic union." He said that this was in conformity with his action for the past eighteen months. On conscientious grounds, he could not enter the new Church. He believed, from conversations he had had in various places, that many people who had voted in favour of the union had been lukewarm, and had no conviction. He thought the new Church they proposed to raise would be detrimental to Wesleyan Methodism. (" No, no."} He held that they should go on as they were. He did not believe that the result of the voting presented by the Federal Council was a clear exposition. The spirit of in difference with regard to union was too pro nounned, and they ought to have had a working plan presented by the Federal Council, show ing the financial position, and a definite scheme, before being asked to take a decisive vote on the matter. He urged the conference, therefore, to be cautious of the vote, which would bind them, for the hour had not yet struck, and in such ease nothing but evil could result. Mr. l. A. Johnstonseconded the amendment. In the face of the financial position of the Wesleyan Church, with two-thirds of their ministers' stipends in arrear, were they justi. fled in taking over new liabilities? Opinion had been expressed that if union took place the salaries of ministers would have to be redaced, the average salary of the Wesleyan ministers being £100 a year more than the Methodist minister. Were they prepared to level? Mr. W. T. Reid supported the motion. He believed that by union they wouldhbe able to do much better work, for so far as churehes were concerned at the present time they were over churched. Mr. W. H. Barnes opposed the motion. He believed their ministers would be the poorer by union, and consequently there would be more attention to financial rather than spiritual needs among their clergy. The Rev. W. Brown claimed that, after the spreand of literature and statistical information furnished on the question, it was the fault of the people themselves if they had not educated themselves on the question. The Rev. J. Calvert said that the fear raised that his salary would be lowered, or that he would have to share the debts of other hurchees, would not deter his conviction in Methodist union. (Applause.) To say that it was in expedient to unite would be to go back on their history, for every conference and Synod had determined it was expedient, andtheonly ques tion was that oe practicability. The Hon. F. T. Brentnall, M.L.C., said that they had been told that the voting in favour of union was 7 to I, bht as a matter of fart 33 per cent. did not vote. They had no moral paower to compel union with that minority. It had been suggested that there were certain branches of tie Methodist Church heavily in debt. If that were vo, they should know some thing more attout the financial aspect of the question before they proceeded further. He maintained that union would mean a coming down; they could not elevate, because their 0wn fund had been exhausted by the claims upon it. There were certain aspects of the question which could not be discussed in pub lie, but which should have been put to the people before they were asked to vote. The 1iev. W. leffries Ihel that the vote had been taken as fairly and frankly as possible. lie pointed eut how greatly preferable it would be to have one strong Methodist Chreh throughout the country instead of a multiplicity of little Churehel, which could he aecomsilislhed by sinohng little dillererces of opinion. On the motion of the 11ev. E. Youngman, the debate was adjourned at t"3l p.m. till 10 oaclock on the following morning. 