PASSED OUT OF ONE'S LIFE. CHAIITER st (CONTINUED). A FEW days afterwards, while Rue was sitting alone in her boudoir, a servant entered to announce Lady Fano. She rose, her heart beating a little faster than usual. Here was her enemy delivered into lier hands, and it would go hard if she did not come to an ex planation at last. She was very gushing, very amiable, and overflowed with oommendations of Rue's beautiful house. " Really, it is quite a palace. I'm afraid you will become proud in the midst of all this grandeur, and forget your old friends. And, indeed, I hear that one old friend has had rather the cold shoulder of late," remarked her ladyship, with one of her sweetest smiles. " You must never believe what you hear. It is a very bad plan to go upon, and leads one into a great many mistakes," she retorted, "just like the one you made about me at the Hall, Lady Fans. Why on earth did you think I was engaged to Ronald Graham ?" "Engaged ? When ? Really, my dear Miss Belmont, I can't imagine what you are talking of." " Oh I do try and remember. Lot me help you a little. You told Mr. Winthrop all about it just after I went away. You said it was a secret, that you had guessed it, and that I had acknowledged it to be true. I wonder how you came to make suech a mis take ?" "Who told you I said such a thing ?" inquired my lady sharply. " No matter; I know it was said," answered Rue quietly. She did not consider herself justi fled in mentioning Mrs. Reeves' name, for it was from that lady she had re ceived the information. "Now you mention it I think I did say something or other to that foolish Rex about your being a great friend of that young Mr. Graham," said Lady, Fano with an assumption of indifference. " Wasn't I right ?" continued her ladyship curiously. "Didn't he paint a portrait of you, dressed like a peasant girl ?" At these last words the recollection of that tramp in the cold up and down the balcony flashed across Rue, to gather with the talk she then had with her ladyship about this very pie. ture. "I have it now I" she exclaimed eagerly, turning round upon her visi tor. ," It must have been about that very portrait that you made the mis take. Don't you remember one even ing when we were walking on the balcony and talking about Mr. Gra ham ? I thought what you said sounded a little odd at the time. So you told Mr. Winthrop I was engaged on the strength of that conversation ? It was very kind of you, since you thought there was a secret, to keep it so faithfully, for with that one excep tion you don't seem to have mentioned it to any one." Lady Fans saw that she was found out; but she still persisted in assuring dear Miss Belmont that she could not uindertake to remember anything dis :tinotly, either the conversation on the balcony'or the subsequent communi cation to Rex. " I'm sorry you don't remember, but I do perfectly; so it doesn't mat ter a bit," said Rue. "Never mind it now; let us talk about something else." They got upon the theme of pic tures, and edged gradually away from the disagreeable point at issue. As there were no signs of Rex, her lady ship did not stay long. Rue looked after the small form vanishing down the staircase; then going back to her boudoir, threw her self on the sofa. That was why Rex had never writ ten to her, and had never come near her. She was familiar enough with Lady Fane's rhetoric to conceive how cleverly she must have mixed fiction with feat. After this Rue and Rex fell into more friendly intercourse. The idea of danger in renewing her amicable relations with him did not present it self to her mind. The old love be tween them was a dream of the past, and neither would wish to revive it again, so, judging from her own sensa tions, sithe told herself. So she was at home when he called, and suffered hint occasionally to be her squire, giving his sooiety rather the preference to that of any other of her train of adorers. By this time everyone had a de cided opinion concerning the match between Rex Winthrop and the heiress. There were diverse opinions as to when, where, and how ; but the gay world concurred in thle belief that theli marriage was to bo. The feet was that, at the age when a man's passions and ospabihties of suffering are the strongest, at the very turning point in his existence, Rdx was makning his first acquarointance with a real pas sitn. Rue was utterly unaware of the passion, terrible in its intensity, which she had rekindled in the heart of her former lover. She had become so used to him thalt she never took the trouble to roed his face, otherwise he could hardly Ihave couanaled it from her. One morning sho found a letter from Lady Fane, on her breakfast table. I hear from all quartors thabst you are about to msak liex Winthrop a hippy man, said the writer. I have no ofiicial comnrai cation as yet, but I fancy I am justified is fliesing you my coogrltsasltions and best wishes. I cran searcely realize thaut volatile ti rit sf Ilis as captured at last I Dear Miss Belmont, youn have indeed prterrmed a mirnole; I really think you will be nble to keep him afes and sound with all your charms and attractions. As you know, he is a veory old asrl very dear ilicnd tof my hosband and mysell, and I trust that you, as hisid wie, illi become a friend also, and that rwe shall se a great deal f each othaer. Was sheo mad ? Wtho had dared to tell !or such nonsense? Rex want ing to marry her ? What stuff 1u3nt oeven as she said the words they died on Rue's lips in consternation and dismay, as the truth forced itself upon her. She recalled the incidents of the past month, the guarded dovotiona of Iex's mannner, the tone of his voice, the look with which hIis eyoes now and again mot here. It was useoloess trying to deceive herself; she oould not pundersadnnil ho ie ?hnd U eeneo blind. In vain she interrogated her heart, tho very ghost of her love for Rex was laid. While she mused, a recollection came across her of the diamond-ring, which she still had in her possession. It had better be returned to him at once. CHAPTER XIs. Rex was terribly startled, when on that same evening, the ring enclosed in a little note was delivered into his hands, and not a little disturbed at the contents of the envelope. He had often wondered about it, but had taught himself to hope that Rue was keeping it as a memento of their brief engagement. Ilowover, this course of action brought matters to a crisis, and he was determined to learn his fate at once. He felt as if walk ing up to the cannon's mouth,when he mounted the stops of Roe's house next morning. For a moment Rue hesi tated when his name was anouoncod, whether she should see him; but it was better to end all misconception at once, so she decided in the affirmative. Rex advanced to meet her as she entered the room, and plunged at once into the object of his visit. He told her how on his return to London he fully expected to hear of her marriage. "Rue " he cried, passionately, "I love you-Oh I God alone knows how I love you I Why have you returned me this ring ? Lot me put it on your finger again on the same conditions as before, and I shall be happy beyond anything I had imagined possible. Don't look away from me; answer me, my darling I" " Oh, why did you come? Why didn't you understand when I gave you the ring that-it was better not ?" " Understand what ? Oh I"-spring. ing to his feet-" you don't mean to tell me it is not all over between you and thatfellow I Do yonuwant me to murder him ?" "No I no I no I Please don't mis take me again. It's because I don't love you enough." "But you loved me once; I can safely say as much as that, and surely you must care for me just a little. 0 Rue, be merciful I" " Ah, Rex I " said Rue sadly, edg ing away from him, " why didn't you write to me after I left England ?" Then he had to render the long. deferred explanation, how he had suffered a jealous woman to impose upon him with a story half a truth half a lie, whiob, as she had told it, was wholly a lie. " Oh my God I" he burst out. " To think that you loved me once I That it all might have gone well if I had swallowed my cursed pride and writ ten to you before it was too late I Oh I" he groaned, "I'd willingly die to.night if I could only live that last hour with you at the Hall over again, and hear you say, ' I love you.' " "Rex," she said presently, "I must go in ; they will be coming home soon. Good-by." " Will you grant me one last re. quest ?" he asked. " Will.you wear this ring for my sake ?" "Indeed I will; I promise you to wear it as long as I live. Now, Rex, say good-by." " Good-by, my love I my life I God bless you." When the next morning's sun glinted through the closed shutters into his room Rex had coma to a deo termination as to what should be done with the life that had grown so hateful to him. A hasty note summoned his faithful friend, Lord Albert, to his side, and the kind little soul received his last instructions without asking a single question as to the trouble that had befallen his friend or speaking a word of the sympathy with which he was full, because he saw that Rex could not bear it. The express that night, as it steamed away towards Germany, bore Rex with it, while Lord Albert stood on the platform, puzzled and disconsolate, but loyal to his pledge and his friend. It was from his hand that Rue received the fol lowing letter : Wheno you receive this, it began abruptly I shall hae fr away. I start this evening for Germany on my way to Vioenna, there I ahall wait a day or two, in the hope of a few lines from you addresased ' Poate Restante' to bid me Godspeed. I am off to the E tst to help the Turks. I cas't say I oro very much what happens to me, provided they let me fight. That is all I ask-leave to get away from my wretched sell I Good-by, my best and sweetest darling; I hope you will be happy. However things turn oat, this is our laet communication. I should not dare to aee your sweet iuao again.-Yours, REY, " So you really didn't care about him after all ? Poor fellow I And we all were so sure you would marry him." Thus spoke Mrs. Reeves, when Rue communicated to her such frag mentary portions of the story as she felt at liberty to tell. "I should ]have to like a man at least twice as much as Idid Rex \Vin therop before I married him," Rue answered slowly. That afternoon Mrs. Reeves sat at her desk with a vast ruin of writing. paper about hlier. Shio had bogun a dozoen lettors to Ronald, who was at this time in theo Highlands, and boon dissatisied with them all. At last she succeeded to her satisfaction, and do spatched the missive in ihansto for fear siho alisould chano her miud. It must have contained stirring news, for within an hour ifter its receipt, Ronald was en route for the sosthi. On the morning of his departure, RIeo received a long opistle from tPieta. We will pass over its gossip, its com ments upon those events with which the reader is already acquainted, and come to the concluding paragrapih. Will you dJ me a grat favour? That youig artiat, Mr. iGraham, begi a pioluro for me nli a cosnituy ago and ihas not fiolisid it yet. It is a portrait of the two chilidren. [Picts lad a secrond bhby now.] Ilo iketched them one day when tlhey were plylng; both withli very dirty pinalores on, baby just a tumbled inheap of puetticonto andil fat bare gs, lying wilb his Ihead on little Ernest's lap. 'Theu lInt time I aw it in his lstudio the faces were almost fninhoio and remarkably lilho,hut tie bodies wore hazy in the extreme. Will you go to his studio nod nik it you san see it ? If you give my name they will Mt you in. mI io away, so it won't outragea the proprie ties. PlIats don't forgot, and, when yos write, tell ma exactly how lfar it has pro .res ed. How very nice to go to Ronald's studio I lwhich ele had never soon, What had he done with her piotifro ? By-tho-way, no one seemed to know where it was. She went off very early next day with her maid for escort. loe handed the man who answered the door Mrs. Vero's card, and, saying she wished to go into the studio, fol lowed him down a wide passage full of old arms and a variety of pretty and carefully chosen objects of art. The door opened into a little recess communicating with the studio, a kind of den where lRonald was in the habit of smoking and reading far into the small hours. He was there now, hav ing arrived the night before, and he was wondering how early lhe might present himself at Mrs. Reoves'. lie stood in front of a drawn curtain, and saying half-aloud to himself: " Well II will look at the shadow for the sunshine," drew aside the our tain and revealed Rue's picture. Then came a sould of footsteps, the rustle of a woman's dress on the studio floor, and, turning with a start, ie sa w Rue herself standing on the threshold bo hind him, shading her eyes with her slender hand. In the dim light she did not make out what Ronald might be; and afraid of startling her, he made his voice very gentle, as stepping quietly to wards her with both hands out stretched, he said: "How are you, Miss Belmont ? This is a most unexpected surprise and pleasure." "lRonald I Mr. Graham I Is that you ?" she cried. "I thought you were in Scotland." "Are you very much surprised to see me ? I came back suddenly from Scotland because of a message from Mrs. Reeves. Look," he continued, drawing forth the hastily-written card and giving it to her, " that's the mes sage. Will you read it ?" She hold it up to where the faint light filtered through the closed shutters and slowly reoad it. "Rue," he said, drawing her close to him so that she could almost feel the beating of his heart, " tell me that what the message says is true." " What is true ? I really don't know which is the more impertinent of the two, you or Mrs. Reaves. I thinltk its very unfair--" But the sentence remained unfinished, for Ronald, look ing into her eyes, felt authorised by their expression to stop the uncivil words her lips were uttering iu the promptest and most effective way pos sible. " Dear picture I" exclaimed Ronald after a happy half-hour of explanation and confidence; " I always loved it for the sake of the happy days at Andenao, but I shall love it a thou sand times more now. What a trea sure it has been. It gave me my wife ; and, Rue, did you not know that Mr. Steven might never have made you his heiress except for it ? But I'm afraid I shall always be just a tiny bit jealous of ' that man with the blue eyes'!" "You mustn't, indeed. He has quite passed out of my life." And so let us leave them standing at the foot of the picture which has brought them together at last I TuE ENDf 