THEY SAY— That the " Matsa" girls when re ferring to their Johnnies styled them their "pairs of pants." This is re taliation for being alluded to as " frocks." That Butler told the New Zealand reporters that he would be with them again in two months, and that he would start on a prospecting tour. Well, if ghosts go prospecting Butler may have a show with some of his mates who disappeared so suddenly. That yachting gloves are the latest fad in some quarters. They are worn chiefly by people who can't afford to keep a yacht. That an attack of neuralgia can often be cured by sniffing a little common salt up the nostrils. That Hutchins, of Queenstown, is unquestionably a Liberal candidate— with his H's. When he says " Hi Ham," you are forced to think of a strongly-smelling bacon factory. That the head of one of our chari table institutions calls some of the inmates " Washerwomen," "Paupers," and " Dirty old men," and that the said inmates are now only addressed by their surnames. Why not number them at once, and make a first-class gaol of the establishment? That the Great Boulder is all right. George Giffen speaks of it as " a most valuable mine." That a rich Chicago woman, who was granted a divorce recently, was required by the Court to contribute to her husbind's support, the Judge remarking that in these days of abso lute equality of the sexes it was as proper for a woman to pay alimony as for a man. That the Single Tax League have marked out the electorate of Flinders as their prey at the next general elections. That under our Quarantine Act the Government are only obliged to provide bare walls for quarantined passengers. Bedding and food must be supplied by the shipping companies interested. But of course the poor Government fall in every time. That members of the Adelaide Hospital Board appear to hold in formal meetings in the open air. Last Thursday no less than five of them were seen on the pavement between Bundle Street and Grenfell Street. One of these was a member of the opposi tion, and he was probably holding a meetin g on his own account. That the earth shock last week nearly cured a Pirie Street man of his rheumatism. The way he sprinted out of a quaking building was a marvel. That the Superintendent of Public Buildings now has for a bodyguard a Victoria River blackboy, and that the youngster is almost as fond of being a temporary member of the Civil Service as he is of his uniform. Thaui the visit of the Premier to England has caused certain people to bring out the muckrake. Why cannot they keep their noses out of ancient garbage ? Are they themselves s > immaculately clean ? That an amateur Operatic Society in New Zealand divides any profits thuslyTwo- thirds among the prin cipals, and one-third among the chorus. And as every member of the chorus thinks himself or herself as important as a principal there is much heart burning in consequence. That a layman who was called upon to lead in prayer at a farewell service to a missionary and his wife fired off— "O Lord, who carest both for man and beast, take care, we beseech Thee, of our dear brother—and his wife." That some people can be enthusiastic over very small matters. Thus the S'rathalbyn correspondent of the Mount Barker paper notes with jubila tion that, despite the dull times, the " o'd blacksmith's shop" is to be re tenanted. If a new shop were built that correspondent would probably go off on the razzle-dazzle. That Ohaffey Baker is feeling uneasy concerning the result of the Southern District election, but that in all probability the old members will go back again. That Councillor Goode, of Port Pirie, hits the nail on the head every t<me when he says that school children wont value trumpery medals presented in celebration of the Queen's record reign. A good " blow out" would be much more esteemed. That some recent burglars were run to earth by members of our Police Force who were mounted on bicycles. That New Zealand, like South Aus tralia, sent its military contingent " home " on steerage fare. And yet Seddon and Kingston are the two most democratic premiers in Aus tralasia. That it might be worth the while of some member of the City Council to enquire whether rights to certain sand in the bed of the River Torrens have recently been disposed of privately, and, if so, to ask why were the conditions of public tendering departed from in this instance f That it is impossible to get anything like a decent house in Perth under a rental of £2 a week, and this despite the fact that buildings are gaing up in all directions. That Premier Kingston once said to Addison, ex-M.L.C., "We are not going to be bluffed by those squatters," when Addison had been speaking about pastoral legislation. 