LOCAL AND GENERAL. A lady from East Perth writes to the " Daily News" making the very sensible suggestion that, by way of celebrating the Queen's record reign, the house rents and cost of living be reduced. This is practical, if not eminently practical, ' The persistent yapping of a perverse specimen of canis very vulgaris, together with a pair of flighty horses, fortunately well managed, was nearly, the cause of a serious mishap in Bayley-street yesterday afternoon. In consequence of a family bereavement, Mr. Justice Hensman did not hold the Mining Appeal Court at Perth on Wednesday. The Mining Appeal Court cannot now be held till the conclusion of the present criminal sessions. Perth must be rich or go a lot on the nod. n Wednesday night last no less than five hows were running there. These were— he Olde English Fayre, Fitzgerald's Circus, Stanford and Barnes' Silver King Company, Dampier's Bobbery2£jnder Arms, and Harry Richard's varieties at Cremorne. It is sale betting that some of the ghosts tread very lightly. Mr Goodrich has retired from the contest for the Wellington seat in the Assembly owing to a sudden call on urgent business to Adelaide, where he may be detained for three weeks. There is more than a probability that Mr Venn will be permitted to walk-over for the constituency. The Easter holidays railways traffic (states the " Daily News) shows a very substantial increase over last year. Two thousand five hundred and fifty-eight passengers travelled to the military camp, as againstl 28 in 1896; 20,844 passengers, returning £1,677 15s 3d, booked at Perth, being an increase of £437 I7s lid. The total suburban bookings were 25,990 passengers, returning £1,316, the increase roughly being 30 per cent. The bookings at Fremantle were—11,475 passengers and the receipts £689. Four hundred and thirty-eight passengers travelled by Good Friday's special to Bunbury, the receipts being £92 2s. The York races attracted 392 passengers. Now this is all right as an item of statistical news, but the damaging compaii-on to York and Bunbury is so serious, and will furnish such a weapon of . attack when the House meets, that there is dangor that Sir John wil abruptly turn off the rail* way fount of information. States the "Morning Herald" :—"It i* estimated that there were over 100 'spielers' and notorious thieves at the York meeting. Two or three of the hotels were -visited, and the rooms rifled in the most barefaced manner." Now, there were 392 visitors at the York race meeting, if the railway returns can be trusted. These were not sufficient to supply the needs of 100 spielera, and as a man has to earn an honest penny somehow, is it any wonder they had to rifle bedrooms in a barefaced manner. Edwin Summers, the landlord of the Chidlow's Well Hotel, reported to the Guildford police that his bedroom had been entered on Tuesday night, and a cash-box containing fcw® cheques for £300 each, several money orders, and about £4 in silver had been stolen. The police were quicldy on the scene, and succeeded in finding the cash-box, which had been broken open with an axe, a short distance from the hotel, and lying alongside it were the two cheques and the money orders, the silver only being missing. The police have no idea as to who tha thief is, but it is supposed that he was travelling in the train t which stopped at Chidlow's Well early in the evening for refreshments. A sale of Government land will be held at Boulder township this morning at 11 o'clock. Australia is not going to quite abstain from a display of loyalty at the long reign celebrations. At a parade of the Perth Artillery on Wednesday night a preliminary selection of nine men was made by Major Haynes and the officers of the corps, in connection with the representation of the corpi at the Diamond Jubilee celebrations. From the nine a final selection of five men will be made by the Commandant this evening. Bread at Red Hill is 6d per 21b loaf, full weight guaranteed. One resident there remarked, " This beats Coolgardie." Special services will be held in the Wesley Church, Forrest- street, to-morrow, in connection with the union of the Methodist Churches. The Be v. Mr Fry will conduct the morning service, and wili be assisted in the evening by the Bev. Mr Dingle. Also, an open-air service will be hel-1 at Montana in the afternoon at 3 o'clock. To-day the nominations for five of the 44 seats in the Assembly are to be made, and a walk-over may be anticipated for Mr C. Harper (Beverley), Mr S. J. Phillips (Irwin), Mr F. C. Monger (York), and Mr S. Burt, Q.C., Attorney-General (Ashburton), all of whom sat in the last Assembly for the same constituencies. The contested election will ie Toodyay, for which there are two candiates, Mr B. D. Clarkson, who sat for the same district in the last Parliament, and Mr T. F. Quinlan. The exodus of Premiers to England has started, the Hon. Dick Seddon, as usual, leading the way. He left Auckland by the 'Frisco mail steamer last Monday. Dick, the Democrat, believes in equality doubtless, but he also believes in having the first pick of rooms at the Hotel Cecil, whtre the Imperial Government are going to " hang out" the Colonials. The Fremantle musical people are bold at all events, as on Good Friday night they produced there " The Crucifixion," of Stainer. The oratoric was done by St John's Church Choir, under Mr Bandle's conduction, and was successfully rendered. Mr Tom Cue, after whom the township was named, is, of course (writes the Bpecial correspondent of the " Perth Herald " at the opening of the Mullewa-Cue line), the hero. of the hour. He was honored by the caterer, who ornamented the front page of the menu with a train block, under whioh were the words " Tom Cue." Quoted on the bill of fare there was also " Tom Cue" pudding, with " railway sauce." The noted prospector repudiated the preparation, humorously remarking that he had no sauce with his pudding. Cue is au off-hand customer, and regards the celebrations with a certain amount of indifference. It was very amusing this morning to see him emerge from, a hotel after fruitlessly waiting an hour for breakfast. He remarked, as he disgustedly left the building, " I am going to boil the billy ; a man would have to wait all day before he could get a meal here." The Superintendent of Telegraphs has received the following message from the International Telegraph Bureau, Berne:—The Austrian. Administration declares that on account of the commencement of the war between Greece and Turkey, telegrams in tran.it from Austria for Turkey cannot be sent through the Trieste-Corfu cable, but only by the Bosnia-Montenegro route, through Servia. The Turkish Administration announces that, according to a decision of the Imperial Government, telegrams exchanged between the Minister and the Greek Consuls in Turkey are intercepted. They must be couched in clear and comprehensible language. During the next fortnight the whole of the nominations for the different constituenciesto be represented in the next Legislative Assembly are due. The first will be received to-day, when the Ashburton, Beverley, Irwin, Toodyay, and York candidates are required to be nominated. On Monday, the 26th, Coolgardie, East Coolgardie, North Coolgardie, North-East Coolgardie, DeGrey, East Kimberley, West Kimberley, Murchison, Northam, Pilbarra, Sussex, and Yalgo are due. On Tuesday, the 27th, there will be the Bunbury nominations. Then on Wednesday, the 28th, comes Gascoyne, North Murchison, South Murchison, and Murray; on Thursday, the. 29th, Greenongh, Moore, Plantagenet, and Yilgarn; on Friday, the 30th, Dundas, Central Murchison, Nelson, - and Wellington ; on Saturday, the 1st of May, Albany, Geraldton, Roebourne, and Swan; and on Monday, the 3rd of May, the last of the nominations, Canning, Fremantle, East Fremantle, North Fremantle, South Fremantle, Perth, East Perth. North Perth, West Perth, and Williams. Section 62 of the Electoral Act, 1895, which deals with the notice of nomination to be given and deposit made by intending candidates at elections, requires the nomination to be signed by the candidate or his agent, and a deposit of .£25 delivered to -the Returning Officer. Section 63 provides that the candidate may be nominated up to the end of the appointed time on nomination day. 'Sir Saul Samuel, Agent-General for New South Wales, evidently felt a proud man on Wednesday night, -when, as the oldest representative of the Australasian colonies in London, he presided over the big " smoker " of the Colonial Club at the Westminster Town-hall (says a liondon paper of March 19). Borne 400 or 500 members and their friends were present, and an admirable programme was carried out without a single bitch and amid a scene of considerable enthusiasm. There were a few speeches daring the course of the evening, but they were brief and to the point. Sir Saul Samuel spoke in terms of justified eulogy of the energetic secretary, Mr Berry, and hinted at the possibilities of the larger unity which might grow oat of the social foregatherings of Australians in London. The following is the text of a letter sent by Mayor Hacdonald of this city to Mayor Parsons, of Kalgoorlie:—"Council Chambers, April 21,1897.—Dear Sir,—Replying to your esteemed favor o£ yesterday's date, it gives Tie much pleasure to inform you that both private and public effort has been made in this town and neighborhood to obtain subscriptions in. aid of the Mount Charlotte Disaster Belief Fund. Lists have been sent out to all places near, and the response has been prompt and liber&L; To-morrow night a grand benefit concert, organised by the Mayor, in which all the best amateur and professional talent of the town is engaged, will take place at the local Cremorne Gardens—given for the occasion—ah entertainment which is likely to result in a substantial'sum being addedto Jthe fund, In addition to these vigorous efforts we 'shall be glad to assist in advocating the claims of the widows and children. in any other way, and in any other place, that may suggest itself. Notwithstanding certain : misrepresentations that have been made in this connection, I beg to assure yon that no cause in the history ot Coolgardie has ever appealed more strongly to the public sympathy or been more ardently taken up and diligently advocated by thel local authorities than that of- the sufferers by the unprecedented calamity at Mount Charlotte, nor shall we relax our efforts until the sum that you name has been subscribed.—I am, Mr Mayor, yours, faithfully, A. W. MACDONALD, Mayor of Coolgardie." In . our telegraphic column* appears the announcement of the arrival of the e.s. Mariposa, with Butler, suspected of the Glenbrook (N.8.W.) murders, on board. He appears to have made things very interesting for the special reporters sent across by the Sydney papers, and rather scared the local pcribes. An interesting interview held with him by our New Zealand correspondent appears. A Government land sale of Boulder Town lot8 will .be held to-morrow morning at Messrs Hopkins and Co.'s auction mart, commencing at 11 o'clock. The upset price has been fixed at £30, subject to the value of improvements, if any, being added. The death took place at the Government Hospital yesterday of Edward Goode, aged 28, who was admitted on 24th March. The cause of death was fever. No farther particulars are known of the deceased, beyond that he has a brother residing at Bulong. The following patients were yesterday admitted to the hospital:—Munday, from the Londonderry mine, and Ernest James, both with fever. The growing importance - of Mt. Malcolm and the surrounding district has forced upon the Government the necessity of extending the sphere of the law In that direction, and three -constables will shortly be stationed there. Two constables will about the same time be sent to Goongarrie. Three charges stood against the' name "of Guilio Guazzini yesterday, all with reference be committed, or intended, assault. The hearing of- the cases was adjourned until Monday, in order to give the prisoner time to prepare his defence, and there will probably be some surprising and interesting developments when the evidence of the various witnesses is taken. The Bev G. "E. Bowe, chairman of the West Australian Wesleyan district, and the Bev T. Bird, Home Mission secretary, paid a •visit to Coolgardie on Thursday, and met the representatives of the Wesleyan Methodist] Bible Christian" and Primitive' Methodist Churches, in connection with the scheme for Methodist nnion recommended by the united conferences, recently held in Adelaide. The I plan for union as suggested for the Coolgardie andKalgoorlie circuits was explained by ihe whMTnmTij and, after discussion, it was unanimously resolved that the three churches should for all practical purposes be united, and work under the superinten-' dency of the Bevs A. S. J. Fry and J. Dingle. - Details of administration were arxanged/and the movement promises to inaugurate a new era an connection with the progress of the Methodist .churches on the fields. At the close of the official meeting addresses bearing upon the bams and possibilities for future united church work were given by the Bevs G. S. Bow and T. Bird to -"the members of the various Methodist conigregations assembled. Special United Services "will be conducted on Sunday next in " Wesley Church, and a United Demonstration on- Snnday next. •• We can announce that, to suit the convenience of the public, arrangements with several: of the tnost prominent storekeepers have been made by the West Australian Goldfields Water Snpply Company, Limited, to establish centres for the collection of orders for their condensed water.- Convenient boxes, with necessary order forms, Ac., are now placed at Messrs Walsh and Sons, the Mutual Stores, Messrs Allan Coun- «el's, and Messrs Love and Kerrison's, near theBed BlufE. These boxes will be cleared twice daily, and orders at the first clearance Will be executed the same day. If this plan proves successful, and there is little, doubt it will, order boxes will be placed in the suburbs, and water will then be obtained nearly as readily as tnrning On the gas. About a quarter past 1 aim. yesterday a irian named John Williams was enjoying the ptue ozone to ;be obtained at the corner of Lefrby a!nd Lindsay-streets, when three men came up and asked him if he was possessed of any "boodle." Mr Williams bang nonplussed bytheword "boodle," hisquestionera teid violent hands upon iuin, and threw him down. One of the trio, who was no light weight, sat on Mr Williams' face, while the other two made preparations - tor, to nse the words of the"pnflh," "going through" him But the said John Williams yelled Instily for help, which had the effect of frightening his assailants away. A Mr Bichards, of the PiitchardMorgan Syndicate saw the hares in fall flight, but the hounds were not quickly enough on the scent to effect an arrest; ! A new and commendable forward movement in musical matters is promised/ For some tame past a double quartette party, formed of the Allowing vocalists, has been carefully practising for a concert, which is to -be giyen in the Tivoli Theatre on Thursday May 20;—First tenors, Mr Fletcher and Mr Bennett ;* second tenors, Mr Hansen and Jfli Davies; first basses, Mr Stephenson and Mr IL & M'Gormick; second basses, Mr H. M-Gonniek and Mr C. BraenftaL The ^e Warden, and His Worship the ^T£itbn «f Hr Fiedler, who has been for msnv rears intimately associated with music, wrfVith the help of ^ohaprofieient pianist ^Br Leschen, the Quartette Party should ^core success afite inaugural concertand See the music-loving public here hungry '§ae anore. • - -.. • > Wanted toown, the Grotto has openel »a first class Grill Boom,open6 a.m. to 