Sporting Notes. (Dr 1oc15t.) Though several changes have recently taken place in tile string of racehorses in training at Buttonsville, the ten boxenc comprising Mr. Easton's stables are still all occupied. By the sale of Zulu and the removal of Young Buckthorpe to other quarters, two places were rendered vacant aud these havebeen filled by the arrival of a Little Beirne youngster named Laziralla and the putting into work of the gelding Philip (late Maroon). The other eight horses mak ing up the string are-Coriolanus, Express, Memento, Czarina, Spray, Mist, Archon, and Harkaway. Mist and Czarina bae enjoyed a short spell, but Iave been doing gentle work for a few weeks, wnith the result tlit they now look very nice to the eye. Bince his castration, 'lPhiliphas grown and de veloped considerably, and has consequently furnished into a shapely horse. The cut on the near fore foot, caused through bin coming in contact with barbed wire while running in a paddock at Bellevue, has healed up nicely, but it will be an eye-sore for some time. Laziralla is one of the first-class batch of yearlings bred and re eently sold in Brisbane by Mr. F. Darley,and is out of Sandy Greaves's dam, Maritana. le is a bay colt, with black points and a white hind foot, and is well-made, par ticularly in the hindquarters. He is broken in, and is doing useful exercise, preparatory to being trained for the Hope ful Stakes in November next. Mr. Easton has lately become the owner of the five-year-old gelding Vedette, by Battailous out of Lady Ellen, for whom he exchanged the well-known four-year-old mare Petrowna, by Archie out of Empress, but in addition to the ehesnut he slso re ceived a little pecuniary consideration. V'edlette, who in rather lame from sore nese at present, is to be given a long spell. Racing men, hbeeders, and others on the lookout for thoroughbred stock should note that the horses comprising the small stud on Fairview Farm will be offered for sale by Mr. E. Harding on Monday next. Among them are-Panmure, a bay stallion by Mozart out of Wnterwitoh; Misty Morn. blpk horse, five years, by Cast-Iron out of VWaterwitch; bay colt, two years, by Pan mure out of Muriska; Muriska, by Mozart out of Ailie, with foal at foot by Booval; Olive, bay brood mare, by Waterloo Waterwitch; Ruby, black mare, by Cast. Iron out of Waterwitch;. and Little Wands, by Buckthorpe. In consequence of the good performances of thechampion sprinter, Pskeha, on the racecourse, Muriska and her progeny-the two-year-old colt by Panmure and the yearling at foot-are sure to evoke spirited bidding, as any of the three should be well worth purehasing; Severalinquiries have been made in reference to them, and it would be a wise action.to offer the Booval foal separately from hisdrsn. As a tallion, Panmure ought to claim attention from farmers and others, and Misty Morn should produce good backs, if not ameehorses. A very fair offer was, on Monday last, made for the racing colt RIingthorpe, by Buckthorpe out of Necklace, the would-be purchaser being, it is said,.a patron of Mr. Eacton's stab'ee, but the overture haa not yet been accepted. An inquiry has beer made by a North Pine sportsman regarding the purchase of the unregistered gelding! 'T~veller, but, as the horse is now in pretty good trim, it is hardly likely that his plucky and careful owner will part with him. Mr. W. O. BSott, a really good sportes man from the Dawson, and, the owner of Booval, Arcbie's Son, Lady BEthel, and others, is at present in town. From him, it is gleaned that our old friend Boovarsl was doing very promising work for his engage ments at the recent Rome races,. but went amiss a short time before the meeting, and had to be placed under the charge of a "vet." He is, however, recovering slowly. His legs appeared to be perfectly sound, and they stood his preparation well. A very profitable season is-expetedfor him in the spring, A winning bracket by another of the progeny of the stallion Kingfish has to be recorded, as the shapely ehesuwaet elding Dotolish, out of the Clivsdon mare Doto, won the Higb-Wright Welter Handicap at the Brisbane Tattersallis Club meeting on Saturday last. The five furlongs occupied Imin. 6sec., but in conseqLence of rain the track wastheavy. Doto~fitin was bred in the Harriaville district, and was sold by his breeder for twenty-nine guines in the early part of this year. It is reported that there is to be a change shortly in the management of the Brisbane Jockey Club (the present lessees of the Albion Park course), Mr. Alex. Reid having decided to resign his position as secretary. The annual Charteris Towers races were held on Thursday and Friday of last week. The attendance was a record one, and the investments through. the totalisators were large. Onlg five horsesetarted for the Club Handicap, of 600 eovs., and Bosebery won from Merloolas andMusie. The Millchester Handicap, the chief event on the second day, fell to Music, while Battalion cantered home in the weight-for-age race from Rose bery and Music. At the Kensington pony races on the 17th of June lfest, the Ipswich-bred mare Mel thora, by Buckthorpe-Melodia, finished second in the 14-1 hands race, Lavender being the winner, but the stewards, con sidering that there was something very sue. picious in her running, disqualified the mare, her owner (M. Gucrin), and rider (3. Duval), for six months. A Southern sport ing exchange says that her rider had to fairly pull her up at the finish to prevent her from winning, and that her party were lucky to get offas lightly as they did. A peculiar accident happened to the race horse Ioorefield in Sydney a few days ago. He was well fancied for the Rosehill Cup, but when being taken to rtosehill in the train he was knocked down in the box by the violent jolting of the train. One of his hind feet was caught in the timber of the box near the floor, and, as he struggled considerably, he was greatly damaged, his hind legs being cut about the pasterns and coronets. He had to he removed to a veterinary surgeon, and was unable to start. A company of four persons had drawn Moorefield in a sweep, the first prise of which was over £2000, half of which had been laid to the owner. That: beautiful colt Hector, by King. fish-Hecuba, is now enjoying a spell at Trelawney. He wants omewhat sore the lase time he raced at Eagle Farm, and his trainer, N. Conquest, wisely threw him out of work and applied alight blister to his legs. After a good rest, he will be prepared for his Derby engagement in November, but it will be advisable to give him a few runs in races before the running of that event. Mr. C. E. M'Dougall, has written from Warwick that he had the bad fortune the other day to lose a nice colt, full brother to L.L.A., by Archiea- Morna Lee. While playing with the other youngsters the colt hurt himself inwardly, and died soon after wards. The profit on the recent Q.T.C. Jubilee Meeting amounted to nearly .£200. Of tle 550 sovs. distributed in prizes at the meet ing 175 soves. were won by C. J. Campbell, 835 sovs. each by W. Gentle and J. M'Gill, 55 sose. by W.. Gray, 40 sove. each by Mrs. Bertwistle and G. Burgess., 25seoves. by Mrs. P. Byrne, 15 sore, by J. J. Cadell, and 10 s?ovs.e, each by M. Smyth, W. Tarvey, and WV. Wiegard. F. Mullen was the most suc cessful jockey, having two winning mounts, while T. Ryan, J. Tracey, Beale, and A. Scott rode one winner each. The Rosehill Cup field of forty was very nearly a reeord. In England there were forty-four starters in a race wonhby Croagl~h Patrick. The Caulfield Cup field totalled forty-one when Grace Darling. won, and there were forty-two starters in a race at Caulfield won by The Ghost in 1884. The stewards of the Queensland Turf Club did a commendable thing on Saturday morning last (says "Rattler"). Being a bit doubtful of the justice of theirdecision in disqualifying the mare Perchance, her owner, G. Burgess, and rider, B. Flood, for what appeared to them to be the incon sistent running on the part of the mare at the Jubilee Meeting on Tuesday last, they acceded to a request to reopen the case, and, after hearing further evidencet decided to give the parties the benefit of tlie doubt and remove the disqualification. Per chance was thus enabled to take part in the Tattersall's meeting on Saturday. The remaining three weeks of the three months' diseqalification imposed upon. aldenspray, J. Blackloek, and G. Selby for inconsistent performances at the Easter Meeting, was on Friday last remitted by the committee of the Queensland ?uri Club. Of the 26Sesors. given away in prizesat the Brisbane Tattersall's Commemoration. Meeting on Saturday, P. W.HQ athcote won 85 sove., H. Hunter 40 sovs., J. M'H'wan and E. J. Easton each 85 sovse., J: Stone 80 saove., T. B. Bearap 15 sove., A. C. Car 10 saovs., and G. Burgess, F. Kent, and W. Blacklock each 5 sove. Bradehaw was- thie most successeul of the jockeys, .winningtwo races, and the others who rode a winner each were G. Selby, Stewarti.. and Bosenthal. 