A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR. WILLIAMS PINK PILLS. (From the Australian Workman.) On Thursday afternoon our repre sentative made his way to the humble home of Mrs Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was dis covered nursing a two- year-old babv, and his facs declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. - Ho was up aud about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although \- 1 - .. .. J t .1 .. . . 1 1 1 4-1. n k ft .a .ft If C A f puie ana "uuring «»««« a critical illness, and and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to conva lescence. Tn reply to the preliminary ques tions, he said : " You want to know all abont my easel Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may l.s of value to those who are stricken. as I was." " How long were you suffering 1" Ci WT.ftl I l'ttftj.1 .r\ lit Atft f hi. .1 /«A I Iff A k OA WKUp utlGlvi; iiiuiiuuo ngu l ou bad that 1 had to leave off work and 1 have dpne nothing siuco llien. About live years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident E have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, L was forced to give up my billet at t lie Glebe Island.' What were the symyptoins?" "Simply indescribable. Tile pains were souietiiiii£r terrible. Thev were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all tho wot Id like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of nm. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself aud everyone else. 1 was incessantly shivering ami shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and lie told me that my oase was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order lo the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of (he order?" " No ; I came home and went to bed. and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact could not get out of lied. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attend ing me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under biin for five or six weeks. He came to the conclu sion tliafe I was suffering from Loco motor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised hy peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that E might nevor get the use of my legs (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that mpdical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning mm will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement de scribing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman , by Dr. Williams's Pink Pills for Palo People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as mar vellous as it was magical. I was able to eat Mid sleep as though nothing was the. matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest T had for many a day. It was incredible. I imme diately left the bed aud was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four wssks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, hut surely, recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are pe fectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want. them. All T want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is 100 per cent, belter, " said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Pink Pills have sivpd his life, and made another man of him. " A £ J _l. _ __ 11 _ _t . _ . n . a ineuu wno cauea in ac tnis point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fort night previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hepe to be able to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, wnatever, and reel lure a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly be lieve their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing ourcs wrought by Dr Williams Pink Pills for Pale 1'ioph They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal diseases, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anosmia, pale and sallow complexion, neneral muscular weakness, indiges tion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr J. S. T. M 'Go wen, leader of Labour party in the N.S.W. As- sembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remark.ihle case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr M'Guwen says he has known Jarvis from in fancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work nt Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which lie developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed ridden, and that there was very little chance of his recovery, lie under stood Jarvis was refused admission lo the Sydney Hospital, us his case was pronounced iiicurame. iur M'Go wen was, therefore, like every one else who knew the fads, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Fink Pills are ob tainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' -Medicine Coy., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will for ward (post paid) on receipt- of stamps or post, order 1 bux for 2s Oil, or .V dozen for 14s 9d. 