THE KATANNING BANQUET. TO THE EDITOE. Sir,— After the 'toast list' bad been exhausted at the recent Katanning banquet Mr. Piesse announced an additional ' toast ' for the evident purpose of hurling a philippic at me, and in doing so made statements which call for explanation. It was claimed by him that he bad decided in favor of a siding at Moojebing, and had got a plan prepared, and had in effect forestalled my request for the siding, whereas, as a matter of fact, my letter to the Government was dated August 23, and I find that some weeks later the Katanning statienmaster was, by direction, making inquiries of Mr. A. Stewart, of Moojebing, and myself as to the advisableness or otherwise of a siding being put down. Then as to the ' plan showing the settlement' — a very small matterindeed, weakly called up from the ghosts of the past to give color to the previous assertion — he averred that this, too, was prepared at his request and unerring inspiration in the same undeviating priority. But your readers, and especially those who attended the function, may be surprised to learn that this plan was prepared later still by Mr. Ranford for the etationmaster as the outcome of my communi cation with the latter gentleman. Mr. Piesse should console himself with the knowledge that, as I pointed out at the banquet, it is five or six yeare since I drew his attention forcibly to the need of the siding, and ever since he has been the member for the district. I have a written document which proves that had the Government so desired a eidiug could have been put down when the town site of Moojebing was first laid out. Then, surely the Minister who boomed ' the block at Fremantle,' could boom a siding at Moojebing ; or has he lost his cunning, and will tbe farmers have to wait yet another year his pleasure ? As to Mr. Piesse's assertion that I had prosely ' insulted ' him in. writing to another gentleman on the sub ject instead of to him, can he show me how it was done, as I am curious to know what it was which made the Commissioner, usually so loquacious, at once snappish and insolent at the banquet? Besides, as I have not yet proved an adept at insulting people it should be instructive and possibly profit able. In conclusion. I would ask why the wants of Katanning are anticipated by our Government cheerfully, and those of Moojebing neglected shamefully. Is it or is it not vested interests ? — Yours, &c;, WESLEY BIALEY. October 16. 