THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories aro told about tho powers possessed by certain natives of India, wlin iivo up among the Himalaya mountains These old men, it is snid, have ilovotcd scores of years to the study of natural laws and forcos, which tho rest of tlio world knows nothing about. I.atoly . a Gorman professor visited the "adepts," as those quoor Hindus aro callod, for tiio purposo of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurviiy, but interested him all tho same. One day the professor wanted to cxainina samo ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to tho cavo wherein the hooks were kept. Tlio placo was dark as tlio bottom of a woll. " I can't see to roud hero," snid tlio visitor. " Then wo will havo some light," was tlio reply, and immediately (tlio professor says) a soft, pearly light brightoncd the cavo. Ho could not toll whence it enmu, liut lie noticed that it had ono slrnngo quality — it out not the alighted shadow. This a story hard to bolievc, yet its truth is nllirined by a man of vast learn ing and high character,, und you who now road it havo uo reason for doubt ox- cept that all the lights you havo seen havo cast shadows. Bolief or unboliof commonly runs parallel witli ono's own exjierionco. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of tho Lisbon earthquake, yet credited tile tale of the Cock Latie ghost A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is scoplical when friends tell him him of n medicine which they believe will mako him well. What else but doubt could result from his ex perience 1 Take an oxamplo : — " In the Bpring of 1888," writes onr correspondent, " I., felt in a. low, weak, and languid stato. I felt low spirited and out of Boris. At firatmy stomach was deranged' my nppotito poor, and aftor eating I had pain and weight at tho chost. I was much troubled witli wind, and frequently spat up a Boitr fluid, and bitter bile. Lator on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up witli my work, but always had n souse of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way far two years, nothing that I took relieving mo. At last I hoard of Alothcr Soigel's Syrup, and procured n supply. After I had only taken a few dssos I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Sinco my recovery, for whidi I thank Author Seigol's Oura- stive Syrup, I havo keen in tlio best of health and spirits. In tho interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty ' to send you this testimony, (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor, and outfitter, 151 Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." There is a deal of diffcrouco between Air. Griffith's candid lettor and the story about the light that cast no Bhadow. The latter may be true enough, hut it cannot by verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand wo have a trustworthy witnosa, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can bo found at ilia address. Finally, there is nothing, mystie or magical in AlotherSoigel's Carativo Syrup. It acta on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phasos of that universal disease— indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws tho light of health and happiness over hearts and homes where illness and pain bad cast such dark und terrifying shadows. And this is why peoplo beliovo all, thst is told of its success by oagor witnesses. 