SILAS REDFERN'S DIS APPEARANCE. The mysterious disappearance of. old Siias. Redfern was a serious m.atti r for Mamiet. She tad been too loving a niece and too unsophisti cated, a girl to indulge in auy. sordid specula tion!' as to when lit* uncle's money was likely to become hers. She believed that all he left behind bim would be hers, same day,. as in the ordinary course of nature he ougLt to din many years before she did. Though he was ILe most notorious old skin-flint in. that. p*irt of the, country, he was her uneie. and the only living relative she bad. . So Mamie felt it to be,Ler. doty to love him nnd tried he-r utmost to do so,.. and to a dngiee she succeeded. But as for money, and his nionoy (specially, it interested her about as much as the. price of slatts or steel nils an j where on the Pacific slope. Indeed, it was uot until hi r uncle bad dis apprared that the word ' money ' came lo have any real significance to. Mamie Rfdfern. It was when she found herself nlor.e in Firdale Hall, .with a. maid looking to lit r fur ev- ry thing, and Bart Kruther, tim single labourer her uncltt had kept about the piece, wauling eleven shillings as a lull week's wages lawfully due to him, that Mamie awakened. She positively 1 ad not a shilling. She uever had had money. Living there at the old Hall, she never had wanted any. All things that were needful for her, her uncle had provided. They had come in pr.per course, ami Mimie had grown up in that strong, faith of childhood which disposes of nil difficulties of w.tys and meaos with the confiili tit affirmation 'Fathtr will pay,'' or ?' Urcle will pay.'' Mamio re membered when her affirmation had taken the first form, but for seven years past it had t.-.ken the last. She bad lived with her uncle for ?even years. And now that he had gone, she was mistress ot Firdale, and poorer than her maid, who bad received a month's wngrs throu weeks before. Her uncle had disappeared without leaving »ny clus as to his whereabouts. Mamie Ua.t been spending the day with Lrna Belfield at Whitethorn Lodge below I he village. Fordyce, her maid, had gone out towards the clone of the afternoon to make some puicl uses. When she left, her master, Silas Rodfern, was walk ing up and down the path which led fiom the back of the Hnll to tha road, apparently absorbed in tome matter of importance. But it wis so ordiuary a circumstance (or Lira to walk about tho Hall and grounds with thut pre-occupied air, that Fordyce thought nothing of it, but we lit on her way towards the village. That was the last that was seen of Silas Red fern alive. Every effort to discover him, living or dead, had hitherto failed. It was now five months since he had disappeared. There was no evi dence of his death, and tl.tn was no ieas- u to suppose that l.e had madr ewny witb liin;self. And what deepened the rnysttry sui round ing his disappearance was that no will or papers bearing upon the Firdale Hall estate could be found. Every room and box and drawer wbs lansacked, but nn paper of legal value was dis covered. Mamie kmw that he had had pack ag-s of documents. He had bet n in tl.e habit of spending hours with them in i 1'ttle room which opened into bis bedroom en the Grst floor. There were three largs tiuuks and a writing desk in this room, a mi SJamie was under the impression that ter uae'e ba 1 kppt tlie papeis in the trunks. But wl.eu they carae to be txamined they were fouud to contain rub bibh. wDrn-out clothing, and old bed c vcih.gs which were dropping to pieces from old age. Them was not a vestige of paper or parchment in any ot them. Not only had f-'ilas Hedfern disappeared, but his papers had disappeared, too. Everyone believed that he was dead, but nil effoit« to discover hi* body had proved fruiUess. Undi r the closn scrutiny to which Fordyce w»s subjected, the girl was seized with an ungnveii. ? ible tenor The ideas of death, of murder, of unknown horrors filled her with dread. She b;c*-me hysterical, and refused to stay -mother night, ii, Firdnle flail. Her fear was contagious. \ Mamio quickly caught it, and was consumed by a si use of indescribable honors, bin1, too, ? declaied that she could notieaiuin longer a- the Hall. It seemed to be. haunte:! by a legion of evil spirits which pervaded its vpry a'nios phrie. So Thomas Btlfit-ld, Lena Bel fi Id's fallur, louk pity on her, and look Mamie her self to Whitethorn Lodge to spend a few wei ks with Lena, ami to see what Timu would reveal. Though a pirfict innocent us regrrds money matters and the affairs of business life, Mamie Redfern was enoof I be most ptpulitr girls for miles touiid. She nas s-ixtet n,as vivacious as a spiiig brei zc, and the n.i-chirrous member of the Fir3ale tennis club. There were, at liasfc, three fellows of the club who l.ad designs ou Mamie, but the only one who found her at all responsive was Walter Mais ton, the son of a iuslicating iron merchant. As soon as Walter began to pay serious attention to her, it was patent to ( vcryoue that he was the first and only favourite. The other two suitors accord ingly stood off like honourable men, and left Mamie to Walt Br. Aud from that time the village. looked upon her as proDerly appropii ated. Those who were intimate with Walter Marston congratulated l.im upon his goed for tune in having secured Mamie. Those who were not intimate with him envied bim aud ?aid tbat soras people ware ' always in luck's way.' ' ' No odb was more concerned over Silas Red fern's disappearance than Walter Marston. It caused him many a sleepless oight.and the pri vate inquiries he instituted cost him a con siderable amount of money. He saw the awk ward position in which the disappearance of Mamie's uncle and the family papers had left her. He determined, therefore, that no trouble ar expense he could command should be spared in the effort to clear up the mystery. Walter aud I bad long been fast friends. Our tastes were alike, and as our houses were not far apart we were frequently found ateach other's abode. Besides, there was an attraction for me at The Rowsbs, the home of the Mars tons, which would have accounted for my fre quent presence there ha I Walter bteu in the Antipodes. He had a very engaging sister, whose name was Alice, and by common go.'sip Alice Marston and I were to be united .in holy matrimony. Be tho truth of that what, it might, 1 confess to -having been with Alice Marston in tho .eousuvatory at The Rowans one lovely evening in July. She had taken mo in to look at, a vine which, under her attention, had be come one of the finest iu the diitricr. ; I had properly admired the delicate plant, .and paid Alice every permissible compliment . lor bringing it into, such a remarkably healthy .and prolific sttte, when our conversation turned ?upou Mamie Redfern aud tho disappearance of ?h«r uncle. I noticed tbat Alies laid down the ligLt pair of shears she had taken up, and that she sud denly stood still, looking very grave. . ?' Whal's the matter, Alice ?' I said, startlid by the change -which had come over her. ??? ???Cl«m' Do you know what I think about ;it ? ' She spoke very deliberately. ?? What, Alice r'' I was all attention. ? ' I believe that Mr. Redfern is somewhr re in .that house. If he had made away with himself nutsidr, they would have found Lim. He's in the l.ousc. 1 feel sure of it,' ' Wh«fc makes you think so, Alice i' ' l'»e thought so for a month u;w. Ot.c night last week I was dreaming about Mamie and the Hall. 1 dreamt that I saw Mr. Redfern flfeuau twice to the window of the Iiltloxcooi al a' c pputh corner. rfe'btcWo'hf'd tome and then pointed iii-1. hjs ii;i'ht band.' 'Poiiilid i . How ? Wheio ?' I gasped. '?'Towaidii'tfe othtr side ; towurds'lhc'mid dle of the'bouseovtr iht: front t utrance. I saw' him is plainly as ' I ?? u you. I'm sure he is somewl ere in them. I you go in and see, Clem'?' . ,' . . . ] V b'Tui ? Aye, 'a,, hundred times. But the place has been ransacked very nearly that,' I saiJ, excited by what she bad'told me. 1 turned the ma'tter over in my mind, and re called every circumstance which had come to light bearing upon Mr. Redferns movements up to (he time of his disappearance. The more I I bought over it the more ' strange it seemed' tome that, it dead, his body should cot have ' been Iduud. Thero wr.s no deep water any where within three miles of Firdale Hall.' There were five pits which served as watering places for cattle, aad these had all been care fully dragged. The police were satisfied that Mr. Rrdfeni's body was not in aay of them. So that everything pointed to him being above ground i itheralive or dead ; yet up to that time there had not been a single clue discovered as to his whereabouts. The more I thought of it, tho more reasonable did Alice's supposition become that the miss ing man wri still in his own house. I deter mined that I would tell Walter Marston what | his sister had said and ask him to join me in 3 thorough exploration 'of Firdale Hall. ' By jove ! look at that now ! The very same thought hag been haunting my mind for a fort night past,' Walter explained, when I told him of Alice's suspicion. So he fell in eagerly with my proposal to explore the Hall, and we arranged to do so on the following morning. | Firdale Hail Tas a. plain, labstantially-built place standing in its own grounds, about 200 yards from a road which led into the main road a litlle to the south of Firdale village. A row of Iicrr shielded the upper part of the Hall from observation, and left its only architectural featuie in view from the road. This was a ; pillared portico before tbe front entrance, which served to relieve tbe monotony of the plain red biick fionl. Jixcept fur tbe singing of the birds, tbe place was as slill as the. grave when Walter and I walked up to the front door. We had quite i five minutvs' fumble tach before we could get tho rusty key properly into the lock, as the front dcor had not been opened for neaily three months. Old Mrs. Corkhill, who spent two dajsocch week iu the houso dusting and attend ing to the furniture, usad a small side door to ent-r and leave. We, however, decided that we would enter by the front, as we thought the placr would be nil the sweeter to ourselves if we sit the large, front door wide open to admit ! the air. (low still everything was! Not as much as tbe scratching of a mouse could be heard as we stood in the firet room on the grouud floor. For a moment we remained perfectly motionless, paying a kind of involuntary deference to tbe place which bad been the home of Mamie Red fern. The old pictures upon the walls were tuo faded forthi ir subjects to be distinguishable, for Silas Redft-rn would as soon have thought of giving his life as of fpeuding money upon fur bishing up what he regarded as useless incum Inaures. He had not placed them there, but many atirnshehad bemoaned the folly of those who had squandered good money over doing so. We went through the house from ground floor to rosf. livery loom we could find was care fully examined, and i very box or article of furni ture which could have contained as much as the body of a child was subjected to a scrutiny so tbototigh that we would have risked our lives upon its completeness. There was one thing which had sent a chill through me the moment we reached the top ot the st'irs leading to tbe first floor. I had de lected a peculiar odour which my mind im mtdiately associated with the body of Silas Redferu. Walter did not notice it, so I put it down lo fancy. Our search was fruitless. I proposed tbat we should go outside again and take, another good look at the house. W- Her rtadily absented, so we weuc to the hall and then out by the ft out door, which we had It fc open. Wuhloodbjckou the grass bey oud the gravel ualk to c.btain a hotter view of the frontago. ' Alice stid that iu her dream he came twicu to that window, aud pi inUd to the middle of ti»e I oust: ovi r tl.e front entrance/' I re-marked, ds we. stood vxiuly looking for some clue. 'That wt uld mean somewhere about Iho stfirs,' Walter ansirered, knitting his brows a» if thinking b»id ' The stair.*, eh ! There might be something iu tbat. Let us so and have another look round,' I said, a vague, uneasy feeling coming ovtr me. We Reitfrom bottom lo tep of the house, aud txamined cvrrv landing, with tbe same resu t as before. ' Well, we may give it up as a bad job,' said Walter, as we slowly cwrau dowu ou to tho first floor landing. 1 had just stepped ou to the landing, and turned to go slong to tl e first flight of stairs. I was ou the point of assenting to Walter's re mark, whtn my eye caught bight of -omi thing which aroused my curiosity. It had never struck me before, »ud Walter heO evidently not yet noticed that between the we' ami the sfc'irs we had just, come dowu aud the nt ares: wall of the rtom which stood next to the stairs on that side, thore was a short length of wall measuring about four feet and foiming Ihn side of the landing. It occurred to me that I had never seen any thing in the room ou either side of the stuiis corresponding with the short wall, m r yet nith the width of the stairs tlemselveit. I should have expected to find a deep closet or a small room under the stairs, but I could i:ot rtcnll having set n a trace of either. ' Hera ; come back ! There's something I'm nutsatisfitd about,' I said, turning back to the room b' yond the stairs. 1 examined the wall closely. It had an old paper on which was un broken. Tht re was no indication of auy room or reccts rutuiirjg under the stairs ou that side. I wtnt back along the landing into the roonj ontheothir side of the stairs. It, too, was papered. I r»n my hand over the side nearest tl.e staits, but found nothing to excite sus picion. The paper was intact, and the wall seemed firm enough when tapped by my knuckle. ' What en eaith are you after P' Walter asked/ He hal locked on blank'y while I passed my hand over the paper of tbe wall. ' See,' I ssitl. ' From the far side of the staiis to this wall ia about seven feet. The wall runs that way about twelve feet. What's in betwetn the two w»lls ?' ' Tho stairs,'' he answered, simply. ' Nonsense ! They rton't take up a third of it. There's space. They don't build tnelve by-se'vc- n of solid bricks. I want to know what's in there,' I said, excitedly. We went backwards and forwards from one room to the other, but bo trace of an aperture could we find or any onrk which would indicate a possible opening. Here was a mystery, but one I was determined lo solve if I bad to bring iu workmen to break through the wall. We went up tho stairs and along the upper lauding, butsti'.l there was no trace perceptible of any opening I was more than ever con vinced, though, that under and beyond these stairs lay enough space to form a small chamber, and I meant to get into it somehow. I nas on the point of leaving tho place with tho intention of biinging back a bricklayer, when an idea occurred to me. Going to tbe top of the stairs, I came slowly down back- : wards, grasping each step as 1 came, and trying to ra'se or dislodge it. Not a »tep moved. '' I got to the bottom and grasped the edge of tho lowest step. I was exasperated at the failure of my lust scheme, and Bare a vindic tive tug at the wood ? i rk. To ray consterna tion, half of the Uig° o! stairs seemed to dis appear, and I fell forward into a yawning cavity where an instant before the stairs had been. Walter saw me fall and heard my shout, and tried to drag me back, but the momentum I had attained through the jerk I had gives at the step carried me away from him. Before he could make a recond grab at me I had struck a floor, but, beyond the feeling of the sharp con cussion, I was unhurt. I rose quickly to my feet and looked before me. I was in a narrow and dimly-lighted room. Looking round I saw that the stairway was still open, and that the lower half of the stairs was somehow suspended upwards. ' Come in ; there's a good floor ; we lhall find something here,' I said to Walter. He stooped and came in to where I stood. Then we slowly advanced towards the end of the chamber. We had only made three steps forward when we simultaneously stopped and gripped each other. At the end of the chamber stood a huge chest, the massivo lid cf which we could see was raised about three iachen. In front of the chest, kneeling by it, was a human form, its head aud shoulders being hidden by tbe heavy lid which had closed down upon them. One glance sufficed to oonvince us that the mysteiy ot Silas Rcdfern's disappearance was solved. We knew that the kneeling form, trapped, as it were, by the ponderous lid of the chest before us, was the mortal remains of Mamie's uncle. We advanced to the chest and raised the lid. Then we drew back the distorted form, crooked like the letter S an i ligid as steel. It fell heavily ou to tho boards with a thud which nearly uuneived us. The chest was one of the massive old fashioned structure's of beavy.irou bands, bolts, and solid oak. such as are met with in old couutry churches as depositories of parish rolls and registers. It was nearly half full of documents, and contaiusd three small bags in which were £297 iu gold. Everything was clear as we looked at that huge box and theu at the crooked form betore us, The room was the space, under the stairs aud between the other two rooms.TLe only entrance was that by which we had come. To enable it to be used, the lower part of the stairs had been made to raise upward, a counterpoise being attached at the upper end beyond the bar nhijh served as a pivot for it to !-wing upon. It w»s this counterpoise which caused tuo steps to remain suspended in the air after I had first jerkod them up. Such light as there was in the room came down from a little barred window in tbe back wall of tbe bouse, which we afterwards found was bidden from outside obseivatiou by a skeleton pigeon-eote without a rouf being suspended in front of it, but sufficiently far from the glass to allow the light to enter All the deeds of the Rodfern properties were lound arranged with scrupulous care iu the chest we had discovered. Silas Redfern had usetl the chamber as his secret room, and had evidently taken the opportunity of Mamie and Fordyce bring away from the house to enter it for Mie purpose of examining some of the papers or of adding more gold to his store. The lid had evidently fallen down upou him and stunned him, and he had sunk forward into Lha chest to be held by the ctuel grip of tbe lid until death first, and then we, released him. Mamie was legally entitled to everything. Neither she nor Fordyce hnd auy knowledge or suspicion of the existence of the secret chamber, and what we told them about it made it im possible for either of them lo live a^ain in Fir dale Hall. In twelve months Walter Marston led Mamie to the altar.and then took her to tbe now bouse half-a-mile below The Rowans, where Fordyce joined her again. Firdale Hall rtmaiued unteuanted, and gradually sank iuto decay. It is now used as a granary and for stabliog, and the simple folk of the district aver that at timts a figure may be spen at the ruined window at the south corner, and tbat it is the ghost of Silas Kedferu. 