SEVEN EPISODES Mrs. Baldwin Hodge. (FOR THE "SUNDAY TIMES.") Each episode is complete in itself, yet forms a line in a story of seven parts. FIFTH EPISODE. A Husband's Skeleton Cupboard. The breakfast-room of a suburban dwel- ling: well furnished, cosy, and comfort- able. Breakfast is over, but its remnants are yet in evidence. A pretty young woman of fair complexion and light-colored hair is nursing her first-born. Her husband read- ing the morning paper faces her. A young mother held her child to its father for confirmation of the praise she had been lavishing on it in fond mother language. "Are you not proud of your little daughter, Malcolm?" she asked. The father smiled indulgently at the little heap of cream clothes with a tiny face like a pink and white berry peeping above them. "She is a fine little creature," he said. "Fine little creature — why, everybody says she is a lovely little creature. The sweetest they have ever seen." "They know it pleases a vain little mother to hear them say so." "Nothing of the sort — they have eyes and common sense, and see, she is different to other babies." "She should be different — considering the time her mother bestows on her. All your fashionable young friends have given place to old women — I mean motherly old ladies whose conversation consists only — of baby." "Malcolm," with dignity and knitted brows, "Would you like me to resemble many of the Sydney mothers — who think more of their social duties than of their maternal ones?" "My dear! You have pleasantly sur- prised me. You were such a little piece of vanity that I never expected you would settle down to such hum-drum life as mind- ing babies." "You are insulting — piece of vanity in- deed." He turned back to his paper, and the smile on his lips died slowly away, and hard lines gathered in its place. She was so busy fixing baby for the nurse's care that she gave him no more attention until after baby had gone; then a little smothered ex- clamation drew her eyes inquiringly upon him. "Is there any bad news?" she asked in softly modulated voice. Alice Pain's voice suited her face. Soft and round, and sweet and attractive. The softness, and round- ness, and sweetness were lost on him. Without giving a reply he put down the paper and left her. A glimpse of white face startled her as he did so. She had never seen it thus before. She picked up the crushed newspaper eagerly, and sought the cause. The wires from country districts confronted her. 'Sad accident to a child.' — It could not be that — "Strange story of an alleged ghost seen about a deserted claim.' — Nor that non- sense — "Tragic suicide of a friendless woman." — She had found it, and her face lost its smiling curves as she recalled for almost the first time her husband's age to her own disadvantage. The years of manhood he lived while she lived as a child. She grew jealous, hatefully, spitefully jealous, while she remembered. There were few particulars — the woman's name — her probable age — and the time of the train that ran over her — that was all. But imagination quickly supplied the lacking details, and the part her husband had probably taken in the making of the tragedy. Circumstantial evidence of her husband's wrong-doing was plentiful when she earnestly sought it. She felt now as though the shadow of it had always hung over her and him. She determined to use every possible means to find out the truth. A woman in cases of this kind generally seeks to "find out" affairs of like nature after the manner that such affairs come about — clandestinely. The library in a house at Manly. Two ladies, mother and daughter, are confiden- tially talking; the mother calm and com- placent, the daughter perturbed, indignant and tearful. "My dear child— you must not mention such a thing, it's social suicide for a woman to live apart from her husband," "But people will know I had just cause —that he is to blame — that I — " "That you were foolish to fuss over what any sensible woman would regard as a mere adventure in a man's life — and folly is always punished heavier than sin. You will suffer for your foolhardiness while people will pity him for having married such a woman." "But — a — woman with two children — in her letters she distinctly mentions two — a boy and a girl— Oh! do not take his part, he does not deserve it — " "But, my child — " "It's all very well for you to talk; I — " Then indignation faltered, and tears held sway. "Don't, child. Think of baby, how your fretting will upset her.'' "I — I cannot, help it. I thought I was wronging him because I thought more of Rod Hallen than of him when I promised to marry him. He, at least, would have nothing to hide." "Hush, child. Such thoughts have no right in a properly-brought-up woman's mind." "Oh! I know all that. It sounds dreadful for a woman to say so, but I hate him — I hate him. The horrid cruel creature." "Alice! Alice! You must be mad. To hear a child of mine to speak so causes me to blush with shame." "Oh! I know it sounds horridly vulgar; but whatever you say he has been wrong, cruelly wrong." 'You are young yet, and unused to the ways of the world." "Now, if it were me --" Oh, child, you are crazy to talk so." "Perhaps I am, but," hopelessly, "I have very much to make me so." "Ah!" soothingly, "I knew your womanly instincts would help you. Come, dear, and have some tea. Will you stay with me until evening? I will send for nurse and baby if you will." "No — no. I must go. I must think over it — I must bear it for baby's sake, if for no one else. But let us say no more about it." "A sensible resolve, my dear. Talking over one's worries only magnifies them." They walked down the narrow, well-kept path of the trim, up-to-date garden that sloped from the wide verandah to the elegant iron railing in front of the house. A light trap in charge of a demure youth in livery stood waiting for her. Alice Pain paused abruptly. "I'll go across by boat," she said, suddenly. "I shall feel better in a crowd than in a lonely carriage." "As you like. I would return with you, my dear, if the Gilchrists were not coming to luncheon." "Oh!" in peevish impatience, "you need not apologise. I shall manage very well. I shall have to bear it." "Yes," with a pleasant sigh. "It's a woman's lot to bear her trials meekly. I shall expect you and Malcolm and baby to-morrow." "According to my feelings." "To-morrow you will smile over to-day's vexation. Good-bye, my dear child." "Good-bye." The bedroom of a well-furnished, house. A young mother in outdoor wraps stands near a much-trimmed cot in a tragic atti- tude. She is holding an infant in her arms, and her husband enters. "Why, Allie, where have you been? You look as though you were going a journey." "So I intend." "Why? What's the matter? Anyone ill?" "Not that I am aware of " — coldly. Then his cool appearance ired her, and she spoke in anger. "I have found out everything — every- thing about you — and I am going away from you. I will not stay and help you harvest in your wicked sowing like some wives do. I am different." He stepped backwards as if about to fall. But she, her thoughts self-centred, did not see the faltering movement. She went on speaking. "Yes! I have found out about that woman and her two children. Don't deny it. I've read her letters." He drew a long breath. "You are mistaken." "Oh! that it might be possible — but I have proof. Hush, baby dear, you have no need to trouble." He looked at her helplessly. So different to his old dominant manner that it dis- armed her. "Allie, I did it to save you — your name." A new fear shone in her eyes; one she marvelled she had not feared before. That the woman might have a nearer— a legal relationship. That she herself might be what she believed the other to be, and her child be as those children. Her face, white, tragic, and pitiful, was lifted to his. "Oh! Malcolm. You cannot mean that!" "I do — I do," sullenly; "and I would do it again." She put her hands forward caressingly, then suddenly withdrew them. He saw the gesture, and the lines about his mouth grew deeper; the ruddy color in his face paled to a dull, coppery color beneath her scrutiny. Gradually anger that rarely stirred her equable temperament flashed from her eyes, and like a child masquerading as a fury she stormed at him. "You horrid, cruel, cruel man, to bring such disgrace on your child, and me. I hate you — I hate you — I hate you." He said nothing, but like a man in whom feeling is numb, he looked down on her and her child from the height of his despair. She went on easing her own pain through speech. "I never dreamed that desk you so sedulously kept locked contained anything half so fearful." His face lost its rigid copperiness, and the lines about his mouth gradually re- laxed. "What do you mean?!" "Were you married before you met me?" "I was, and the letters you read were from my wife — " "And your children — your two children." He nodded assent. Again she denounced him as wicked, treacherous, cruel, heartless, deceitful, and bad. "Such horrid disgrace; such terrible shame for me and my child." "There is no disgrace." "Do not attempt to deceive me; I am not so foolish now. I saw the suicide in the paper, and saw how it upset you." He laughed aloud, and drew her — re- sisting — to him. "My dear Allie, my first wife and children died years before I met you. Had you searched further you would have found the circumstances of their death in the newspaper with those letters." A flood of tears interrupted him. She took especial pains they should not fall on baby's face, because of the ill-fortune it would portend. "Why did you not tell me?" "Because that early married life be- longed to poverty-stricken days I had no wish to recall. It was foolish pride per- haps that prompted me at first to hide the fact — afterwards it was hard to mention it." "Oh, Malcolm! And if you had not come in I would have acted dreadfully; I wanted to make you feel as I felt, Wake, baby dear, and kiss mother. You must tell me everything, Malcolm, and never, never keep anything from me again," "I am forgiven, then." "Yes, but sin no more," with a little joyous laugh. Next day, they and baby dined at Manly. 