By HARRY STILL WELL EDWARDS, Author, of "Two Runaways,". "Mine," " Sister Todhunter's Heart," "De Valleyan' De Shadder," "Ole Miss and Sweetheart," &c.;, &e.; [Published by special arrangement with the-author. All rights reserved:] • Chapter IS.—The Tragedy in the Stoeit. Edward returned to Ilexkurst that evening conscious of a mental uneasiness. He. could not account for it except upon the hypothesis of unusual excitement. His mind had simply failed to react. And yet to his sensitive nature there was something more. Was it the" conversation with Eldridge and the sudden, dissipation of his error ■ concerning Gerald, or ' did it date to the. meeting in the club ? • There was a discord somewhere. He became con-' scious after awhile that he had failed to harmonise with his new acquaintances, and that among these was Colonel Montjoy. He seemed to feel an ache as1 though a cold wind blew upon his heart. If he had not made that: unfortunate remark about the negro: He ac quitted himself very readily, but he could hot forget that terrible silence. .He had heard how tenderly the race question was handled in the south, and something like a proper apprecia tion of the situation grew within him when he considered the political equality of the two races and the eager-reaching out of the newly enfranchised for social equality and reoogni-' v.10?' 1 *kavegreat sympathy for the negro." he had said. What he meant was that, secure in her power and intelligence, her courage and ■ ad vancement, ■ the South ■ could safely concede; much to'the lower class. That is what he felt and beneved, but he had not said it that way. He would say it to-morrow to Colonel Montjoy • and explain.. He felt that he had reached the solution of his disquiet, because relief followed the resolution. And then, sitting in the little room, which ■ which began to exert a strange power over him, he reviewed in mind the strange history of theF people whose lives had begun'to touch his. The-man downstairs sleeping off the effects of the drug, as he had ascertained, taken to dull • and overpower ,a feverish brain that had all ■ dnr struggled with new problems. What a . life his was. Educated beyond the scope of ' any single university, Eldridge had said, and yet a child—less than a child.1 ■ What romance, what history, what tragedies behind those restless eyes. And sleeping down yonder by the river, in that eternal silence of the city of the dead, the old lawyer, a mystery 'living, a' mystery dead. What a depth of love must have stirred the, bosom of: the man to endure in silence for so many years for the . sake of a fickle • girl. : What forgiveness ! Or was it revenge? This idea flashed upon Edward with the suddenness and strength of an inspiration. .Revenge ! What a revenge! And the woman, was she living, or dead? And if .. livin'g, were her eyes to watch him, Edward v Morgan, and'his conduct?"'. Where was th& father and;why was the grandfather- ignorant; • or silent ? .Then .he turned to his own problem. That was an old story. As he sat dreaming; over these things his eyes fell upon the frag mentary manuscripts and almost idly he began to read the briefs upon them. * : • . \ . One was inscribed ,''The. Stornji" -and it. ; seemed to be. the- bulkiest.Opening it, he began to read, falling a victim, to-the crisp,.' terse style of the dead author. Before he knew it he': was interested- The:-chapter read—- "V. - "Nqt a zephyr stirred the expectant elms-J They lifted their arms against the starlit sky.' in snadowy. traceryand motionless as a forest of coral in the: -tideless: depths of: a southern., sea. Mature neither sighed .nor smiled-; she was silent. If the streets had not at intervals ^ echoed the prattle of childish voices a chill would have struck to the heart through the summer ghost evening that hacL-crepfc into winter. . :• • - "The cloud still rose. ; 'It was a cloud indeed. ItBtretched across the west, far into north and south,'its base lost in the shadow, its upper line defined and' advancing swiftly, surely, flanking the city, and. shutting out the stars with' it3 -mighty wings. "Ear down the west the lightning began to .. tear the mass, but still, the spell of silence re- - mained. A vague terror grow with the cloud's soundless advance. Nature is more frightful. in her silences than in her voices;- there >is something in the most furious sea thundering1' uppn the rocks, in the rash, and roar of the most forceful of tempests, in tbelightning when ' at havoe^ that stimulates and enthuses after the first shock. Men toss arms^md shout -and become a1 part of the tumult. ■ The elements . within them leap to the mother- call. . , " Not, so with her, kilehce. - All iwitfhin usi : seems to be drawn into it and toward the ab solut'eness of silence which is death. "But when ' this ,strange hush , is . combined with -terrific action, when the vast-forces are so swift as; to outran Bound, then indeed seems death armed with;weapons of destruction.-,and -the chill of ; . fear leaps forth. ' "So on thisnight came the storm, resistless, silent. In mid-waters it.-was born. Where the currents of two oceans meet and' the sea' ■'. swims its drift in eternal circles gathered these winds. There they fought and contended and vexed the. watersin: frightful carnival, sis the' vandals of old, preparing for eruptive war,; nainglgd their ranks_ in savage conflict ancLmad anticipation of coining orgies. * "One day the whirling storm, -whitening the idle sea, swung northward, spread its wings, and rushed to war. Nothing checked it. Ruin marked its path! . H . "So came on the cloud.1 Nowthe city ■ wa3 ■ half surrounded,. its! walls scaled.- Half the stars were gone., Some of the flying battalions had even rushed past! - ■ ' " But the elms stood changeless, immovable, - asleep! ■,: ■ "Suddenly, one rivid, crackling, tearing; deafening! flash of in tensest light split the gloom, apd the thunder leaped-into the city 1, Is awoke then ! Every foundation trembled ! Every tree dipped furiously- •" The winds burst in. What a tumult! They rushed down the parallel streets and alleys, these bar barians; they came by the intersecting ways 1 - They'fought each other frantically for thd spoils of the city, straggling, upward in equal conflict, carrying dust, and leaves, and debris. They were sucked down by the hollow squares,' they wept and mourned, they sobbed abbut doorways, they sung and cheered among the chimneys and the trembling vanes. They twisted away great tree limbs and hurled them far out into the spaces whiqh the lightning bollowed in the night! They drove every in habitant indoors and tugged frantically at the city's defences! They tore off shutters -and lashed the housetops with the poor trees. "Peace and the stara were gone. Eurv, reigned! " The focus of the battle was the cathedral! It was the citadel! Here were wrath and. ' frenzy and despair! The winds swept around . and upward' with _ measureless force, and at times seemed to lift the great pile from' its foundations. But it was the lashing, trees that deceived the eye; it stood immovable, proud, strong, while the evil ones hurled their male dictions and screamed defiance at the .very door of God's own heart. ' "In vain! In a I f ar-up niche stood a weather-beaten saint—the warden. - Around him the storm spent its fury.in impotence. In the lightning's flare the face seemed to wear a i; smile of triumph ! The hand of God upheld him and kept the citadel while unseen forces swung the great bell to voice hi3 faith and- trust amid. the gloom! - ' Then came _ the deluge, huge drops bullets almost—in fierceness, • shivering, each other until the street lamps seemed set in driving fog through which: .the h silvered missiles flashed horizontally—a stormy travel: ling within a storm. "But when the tempest weeps its heart is ' gone. Hark! 'Tis the voice of the great organ; how grand, how noble, how trium phant. .One burst of melody louder than the . rest breaks through the storm and mingles with the thunder's roar. The deepened tones • rise under the strain and bear it away under the now chanting winds. - The barbarians, as they roll their ranks into other lands, are sintring the songs of the Roman defenders they could not overwhelm. ".Look! A woman! She has come, whence ' " God alone may know ! She totters toward the cathedral; a step more and she is safe, but it .is never taken! One other frightened life has sought the sanctuary. In the grasp of the tempest it has travelled ■ with widespread wings; a great white sea-bird, like a soul ' astray in the depths of passions. It falls into the_ eddy, struggles wearily toward the "lights, whirl's about the woman's head and sinks, gasping, dying at -her feet. The God-pity rises within her, triumphing over fear and. mortal anguish. She stands: motionless a \ moment; she does not take the wanderer to ' her bosom, she cannot! The winds have stripped the cover from the burden in ..her arms! It is a child's coffin, pressed against her bosom. Tho moment of safety is g<?ne ! In the nexff a man, the seeming incarnation, the demon of the storm itself, springs upon her, tears the burden from her, and disappears like a shadow within a shadow! "Within the cathedral they are celebrating the birth of Christ. Without the elements repeat the scene when the veil of the Temple was vended; celebrating a birth within, tho birth of a child in a manger, while at the cathedral door, the storm .heating her down, with not even the shelter of a manger, lay a woman in mortal agony. "The storm had passed. The sounds that came to the ear out of the night were from dripping eaves and trickling rain drills. The lightning still blazed vividly but' silently now, and at each flash the scene stood forth an mstantasthoughsomemighty artist wasmaking pictures with magnesium. A tall woman, who had crouched as one under the influence of an overpowering terror near the inner door now crept to the outer beneath the arch and looked fearfully about. She went down the few steps to the pavement. Suddenly in the transient light a face looked up into hers from her feet— a face that seemed not human. The features were convulsed, the evesset. With a low cry th{ woman slipped her arms under the figure on the •pavement, lifted-it as though it were that of a : child, and disappeared in the night. The face thiifc had looked up was as white as the lily at noon; the face bent in pity above it.was dark . as the leaves of that lily scattered upon the ' sod." Edward read tjtis and smiled as he laid it aside and continued with the other papers. They were brief sketches and memoranda of chapters ; sometimes a single sentence upon a page, just as his friend, Do Maupassant, used to-jot them down one memorable summer when they had lingered together along tho .Riviera, but they had 110 connection with ' " Tho Storm" and the characters therein sug gested. If they belonged to the same narra tive the connections were gone. .Wearied at last, he took up his violin and began to play. It is said that improvisers cannot but run back to the music they have written. "Calvary "was his masterpiece and soon he found himself lost in its harmonies. Then by easy steps there rose in memory as he played the storm and Gerald's sketch. He paused abruptly and sat with his bow idle upon the strings, for in his mind a link had formed between that sketch and the chapter he had just read. He had felt the story was true when he, read it. The lawyer had said John Morgan wrote from life. Here was the \- first act of a drama in the life of a Child and the last perhaps in the life of a woman. . And tnat child under the influence of music had • felt the storm scene flash upon his memory and had drawn it. The child was Gerald Morgan. • Edward laid aside the violin for a moment and, silenced by the rush of thoughts that caine with this realisation, went into the front room, threw open the shutters, and loosened hjs cravat. Something seemed to press upon his throat, to suffocate him, as be struggled against the admission of this irresistible con clusion. But in vain did his mind seek escape. Overwhelmed with, tho significance of the dis covery he exclaimed aloud, " It was au in herited memory." But if the boy had been born under the cir cumstances set forth in the sketch, who was the man and why should he have assaulted the woman who bore the child's coffin ? And . what was she doing abroad under such cir cumstances? The man and the woman's object were hidden perhaps,for ever. _ But no so the woman; the artist had given her features and as for the other woman the author had said she was dark. How curiously the testimony fitted in. There was in Gerald's niind picture no dark woman; only tho girl with the coffin, the arch above, and the faint outlines pf bending trees. ' ' . {To be continued.) 