titles and f UctcUcs. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ABBA5GEMES?. JOHN TEENSON'S FORTUNE, BY GEORGE CHESTERTON, Author of ' Miss Bardney's Protege,' ' The Milestone's Secret,' ** Hudson/a latest Case,' 14 A Change in Tactici,' ' Tom's Sacrifice,' &c.;,flrc. ? COFTBIGUT. SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Cunin I~ to HL— John Treason, a miaer moDev lender liven at Brooco House, Sheffield. Eezia Adams, u old woman, u hiB housekeeper, ud a young woman, Tkrhw* divert, is staying with hei. The Utter Reta tindof her imprison ?- ent La the dreuy bouse ud tell* Kt»ri* bo, at the nme time denouncing Treason as a robber of the poor. He overbeats her and taantiacif ?haanherhutxeuares and his wealth. He teams ber mat utd dedans she is the daughter -X a uoa wfeo had once robbed him and fled. He tells her to leave the house qnicklv The old miser is. atoo anooyed at Che dinobntea honed at all rich men by Abner Blake, a Socialist lecturer, and rectives to ruin him. Sunns ^m Vl.-Surnrise of bold Krink. the «ld-but woentiy dischazced clerk rt the miser of Brooco Home, it a report of Trensen's sadden death, which change* to incredulity when be learns that all the old man's wealth has been left by wttl to Socialist grandson, Abner Blake. AecertainuMr Blake's address, which is at at*. CahWfc he repairs thither, and anon the ramosr being oonnnned, expresses his incredulity Co the yffli'°r '''. Tfti'nr **''* of the aanatiul cmelty shown tonale bis mother by father, John Treason, who had cast her adrift fmP'»'»»*'y after her ill-starred marriage to Pad Blake, and allowed her to die in the wotshooae, where Abner was left ts be broneht »P KriDk*s incrednliy deepens into suspicion when he learnt of two conditions attached to the bequest--i) That the heir shall devote as laree a portion of bis inheritance as he can conveniently kjp&re; to charitable muposes. (2) That the old wing of Brocco House, Sheathe housekeeper. Mrs. Adams, resides, shall re maia imdiaratbed for three months. Cuafteb VIL— A Message for M b. It was the morning of the day fixed for the funeral of John Treason. The arrangements for the tame had been left in the hands of Mr. Timothy Midger, undertaker— firstly, be -hmw his establishment stood upon the Traiwnn property ; secondly, because Mr. Midcer igftw used to conducting funerals upon economical tinea, and His. Adams, who had the direction of affairs for the time, had de termined that die old man Bhonld be ' pat by,' aa she called it, as inexpensively as possible. ' You're the first fellows as 'as made a penny by him this many a day,' shouted a big, slatternly woman with a high, strident ?yoice, as she leant on the beer*tained counter «f the taproom in the ' Fighting Cocks/' !tAdnfmng four men dressed in the shabbiest .of black suits. They Unghed expressiyely as they helped CheoMeires to drinks again. **E don't think wi shall mak varry much art. fain, Biddy ; bat oar guvtoll bottle him csTcfaesp enough. Well put him wheer they won't «U *u sticks for rent,' 'An' y* will, praise be to God !' said the woman, with * drsmfcen leer. *' Ah, he was a bad lot. He aoald op stick and stone when Tim wu til in the capital, atf' all for three wetks rent. The baste - However, hs'fl gone, and they say the new heir is as good as the ould wmn was bad ; and b* that's true it'a payin* bo rent well be for the next six ' Well hev to see about tnat, Mn. M alone.' The woman turned sharply. It was Bold Krink who had spoken. Ho one had noticed ihts «ntrance, bnt all tamed now to observe turn *? he stood there, his old bat tilted from his ce4, shining forehead, his hanA' behind Sum and bis legs stretched widely apart. ' Ugh f exclaimed the woman, with a tone of diagast. 'Bold Krink 1 Ye ugly Little dira ye i What'* it got to do with yoa ? The sear mastef*U think twice before be jengagec dte Jikee -of yerael£.' ' Go home, ye dnmken taseel V was the t*ogy reply. Followtog on the wonU he ^tco£e menacingiy toward* her with a fxijght ff ul gofe on his broad ngly face. Kriok's form juad ieatares were well known [n the Crofts, wfafice Jk had, in company with bailiffs and others* catfied oat many & hush order from bis old master. AmoogBt some of the poor residents ihece were rumours of hid secret fciTW1riPfitirfl. bat for the most part he h*nf been hated— and dreaded, too— fay the majority of the tenants, and they had rejoiced greatly when, some months before, he had hwn removed from his position. Mrs. Malone. scared in spite of herself by hEs fierceness, retreated swiftly to the door, but regaining her courage when once outside, returned to the charge, 'Was it *ome ye said, Mister Krink? Was it 'ome ? Sure, ye know ye sold all the 'ome I had two years agone. You on' yonr mtut-fr were parshull to 'omes I Ob, yes ! Well matched, too, ye were. The divil iconldn't have paired yez as ye paired yersetaes 1 Jt*s a pity yer not wearing the sarae suit he is. Ah, my gawd ! To think ov crookit little Kffnfc in a straight wooden euit. Oh, dear ! Ill Uagfa ttil I'm 01.' A aoddeo rush from the infuriated dwarf indnced the lady to postpone the laughing part of the business and ran hastily up the street. Satisfied that he had got rid of her, ^.Ifc new *comer turned to the *% mutes.' who. mutely enough, had listened to the foregoing with a good deal of concealed pleasure, ?They shared largely in the general hatred of ?the one- time servant of John Treason, but .they also, in some degree, participated in the rfear with which he was regarded. ' Do yoa know where Midger is ?' he in quired, ' They couldn't tell me at the JBOp.' 'Gone to measure a feller at th' Infirmary,' was the reply. ' Ah ! Fleasaut jobs be gete, to be sore ! I*re come with a special owsaage from Mr. Blake. H*es a very important engagement this arternoon, an' wants the foneril to tek place a hoar later than was fixed for it. iViil one of you go after Midger an' tell him that? Say, too, as Mister Blake is very pertic'Ler. You most be theer just at the time — neither sooner nor later.' ' Well, this is a bit of a caution,' replied the spokesman of the party. *' We made it as late as we could to begin with. To pat it a hour later means wes'n have it dark afore we reach th1 churchyard.' ** Well !' snapped the messenger. ' What about that ? Better men than old Treason 'as bin bericd in the dark, I reckon ; an' whether they have or not them's tbe orders. Now, which of yoa's goin' to tell Midger ! Don't all speak at once.' 41 There'll be two pints chalked up for you when you geta back,' he continued, addressing the meekest member of the party, who, in the absence of any other volunteee, rose to go. ThefellowBtaredamazed. ' Be off now, quick. Ita very important as Midger gits the orders The sight of a florin thrown on the counter ' Fill these chaps a pint apiece, an* tek pay for two pints for him, when he gits back,' «et ail doubts at rest. He only waited a moment to recover his breath, which such an nnnmml circumstance had ooite taken -away, and then off he aped upon his errand at a speed quite out of keeping with his character as a most mournful looking mate. The incredulity with which his companions had regarded these proceedings was heigh tened by witnessing Bold Krink place a pint pot to hiB own lips, and, at one draught, drain the contents. *' Well, this is a bloomiu' go. I never knowed as you touched this Bort of stuff, Mister Krink, and here yon sucks it down ttke a drayman '.' ** Hev another, and then I'm orf,' was tbe expressive reply. After which with an inde scribably knowing wink of the bright, brown eyes, and an intimation to ' Recollect the :ime above all things,' he set off again. With hands thrust deeply into his pockets and head bent upon bis breast he treaded bis way rapidly through the wretched slums, every foot of which he knew intimately. ' I don't half like tbe job,' he mattered. ' Still, dead folks Lin hurt nobody, an* John Trenson especially isn't likely to be half as dangerous dead as alive. Fm clean beat in tbe matter, an' there's on'y this way of settlin' it. Tain't very nice either. Ugh !' He shuddered, and then grinned awfully to convince himself that he was not at all Afraid of the task he had in view, and resumed a minute 1a*w his mofiings. '* It's a blessed good doo if it's a genuine one,' he said at last with great emphasis, 'a blessed (treat don indeed. But if it'a a irand, w4y, it is a fraud, an' a proper thick *un too. There's no mistake about that !' With which oracular utterance he closed his soliloquy and went silently on his way. Chapter VIIL— Kezia Deprecates Hubbv. In a meanly-furnished chamber of Brocco House, the new heir was pacing toand fro with some degree of impatience. The short November day was already showing signs of its close. The toners} party had not yet pat in an appearance, although the time arranged for had gone by nearly an hour since. The place of interment was some distance away, and if the hearse came at once, it wonld certainly be dark before tiie burial service was completed. To add to the young man's concern, he bad to be back in Sheffield in % few hoars to fulfil the engagement that had brought him there. Thoughts many and sad thronged bu brain a* he walked about the room. His neglected childhood and miserable yonth came back to him, the long yean of straggle and distress ; and in bis heart there was, in spite of his efforts to expel it, a bitter feeling against the dead man. ' My mother's wretched death and my own early sufferings are heavy matters to be set against this tardy death-bed recognition,' be muttered. ' And yet tbe old avm must him self have had little pleasure in life, and it is pitiful to think that a human being should go out of tbe world amid each a chorus of curses as his victims hare heaped upon him. Another turn across tbe room, and he looked oat of tbe window once more. 44 Dear me, what a time these people are ! There must turely be some mistake.' Opening the door, he looked down the for bidding hall. 44 Mrs. Adams ! Mrs, Adams !' he called. Kczia made her appearance presently, with an angry scrowl on her wtiokled face. 14 What now V sbe snapped. ' You take a lot of wait in' on.' A pUyiog smile stole over his usually grave face as he noted die rusty black dress with its patched skirt and sleeves that from constant cutting and trimming at the wrists looked short as those of a schoolgirl. 'I only wanted to ask whether you are qtiifce sure (hat Midger was told to be here at three o'clock. 'Of coarse he was ! Who fia-ya he wasn't told, eh ?H 14 No one ; bat it's almost four now, and it will be dark, I'm afraid; before we get to church.' 41 1 can't help it !' she cried, querulously. ' I don't care if it's &* dark as a bag. I shan't be there. Don't hurry, young man. Pray don't. It's not good to be in each a dreadful haste to get him out of the road.' 41 I'm not in any hurry, but if a time has been arranged it should be observed.' 41 Observed, eh ? Ah, well, don't hurry young Diaster, pray doa't now. You won't. be long afore you're rid &n; Mul Don't fret about the dark. It'll anit him, bleaa you. Yea, he w&s; fond of tbe dark, an' used to sit in it for boors afore he'd pay for lights ' ' Well, well ! I don't mind, I tell you, but what are we to do if these men don't come ?' 'Do! Do!' and she chuckled heartily. 44 Why, keep him till to morrow ! He'll keep, you'll see. Don't you think to carry hjrn off with someone else U the hearse doa't come. No, no 1 That won't do. Just you be patient and let him bide— 1st him bide.' She turned to go, and just a little annoyed by her manner, Abner murmured to himaelf the words, 4* She's mad, I think.' Low as was tbe tone she caught them and turned fiercely: ' Mad,' she shouted, turning back. 'Oh so, she's not! Don't you think it- It's someone else than Kezia. Adams as is m&d.; If everybody was as sensible as me, Abner Blake 'ad still be among the tag-rag and bob tail as he was brought up with 1' Ere he could reply she bad shuffled off hastily, and as her last footfall died away the sound of wheels at the front door told him that the long-expected party had arrived. 44 I'm afraid you have put us in a very awk ward fix, Mr. Midger, by being so late. It's almost dark now.' ' Them's the very words I've bin a sayin' all the way I corned.' ' Then, why did you not come at the proper 14 The proper time !' cried the undertaker. 41 Ain't this the time, eh, sir ? An hour later you said. ' I said ?' queried Abner in amaze. 44 How*' 44 Didn't you send Krink to say as you conldn't get here cos of very important business, an' we mast come an hour later V 'I've never seen Krink to-day,' was the reply, 'and I certainly did not send any sneb message as that by anyone. ** ' Well, if this ain't a 'ot on !' murmured the disgusted MLfeer. 'Did he give you chaps mat message ? Did he ?' 44 He did,' was the simultaneous reply. 44 There most be a mUnnderBtanding some where,' esid Abner- 'However, we cannot stay to go into it now. Come in and let us get off as quickly as we can.' The black and sullen clouds hang heuvfly overhead aa the little cortege left the house. Day was closing rapidly, and to add to the unpleasantness a drizzling rain set in, which threatened to drench the whole party ere they reached the churchyard. Drearily and desolately the night came down, and the funeral service was conclnded in a tkiffr jjprkn^w. *'A fit ending to such a life,' was the unspoken thought of all as they left the damp graveyard. In tbe gloom not one of the party noticed that Bold Krink, whose message had brought about the delay, was huddled on the top of the wall like some elfish being, his bow-legs crossed, his long arms folded, and bis ogiy face half buried in the folds of his shabby brown coat. ' Poor old Midger ! Bet he ketches a cold arter this lot,' was his mattered comment as they disappeared, and he leaped lightly from his uncomfortable seat. Chapter IX.— Outside the Temple of Science. The bills had announced the lecture to commence at eight o'clock. Some time before that hour the ?'Temple' was besieged by a noUy and expectant crowd. It was a damp unpleasant nighL The rain came down in a thin drizzle, the yellow gaslights flickered in the heavy atmosphere but the struggling crowd packed in the narrow, back street was not at all dispirited by th.CT6 irirmiriRtn'Tic*^. A good-humoured assembly it was, echoing with hearty laughter and brimful of homely jokes and witticisms. Surely a most incon gruous body to indulge in the dry det&Os; of science or the abstruse mysteries of theolo gical discussion for which the ** Temple ' was famed. As a matter of fact there was a strong ' foreign ' element amongst the crowd. The ordinary attendants at the place were in a decided minority. Your true Shtfiieldera are extremely fond of a ' good thing,*' and gather in their hundreds to participate in it. A lecture on the ' Unequal Distribution of Wealth ' from a poorly-paid agitator would not have fonnd a hundred listeners, but the same discourse from a townsman of their own— or the grandson of a townsman at all events— who, since he had been *' billed ' to speak had come unexpectedly into tbe possession of thousands was another thing altogether, and one calculated to excite their keenest interest and cariosity. It was as good as a play ; and the one thing which damped the en joy men c as yet was the un certainty of the lecturer's appearance. 'Iv be tuk ma tip he'd bowt,' eaid one burly fellow. 'Aw knaw aw sbud.' ' Aw ahnd loike fort lay ten to one as he does, too,' replied another. He'a got a better job on nor lekehiriu', iv he knows out. Iv aw weer i' his ihooo aw'd see this ohop far enough afore I'd mak a fooil o' myeen in it.' ** That's reet enoagh, bat after aw' th' speakin' an' eheawtin' he's done aw donno see heaw he con cheek fort turn taiL' ' Well, if he does coom he's a bigger fooil than Jobey Rinter, that's aw az aw con say !'' ' Who wor Jobey Rinter ?' 41 He woraantt- taytotalerasdrowned hissei jost fart prove as cowd water wor a bad thing Ere the listener could comment npon Mr. Binter's action the doors opened, and the crowd rushed in, pretty certain now that, 44 fooil' or no, Abner Blake meant to meet Returning from the funeral *he yoong man, his mind etill fluctuating as to bis future coarse, sought once more tbe congenial lone liness of hia lodgings, to decide, if possible, in the ehort interval still left to him, the line he ehoald take. £rink'a story had impressed him in a aarpriuing way. There was an undercurrent of malice shown in it on John Treason's part that spoke in the most emphatic tones of the effect the misuse of wealth may have upon a man's moral nature. The little he had since beard of Ins grandfather's character, and the means he had employed to enrich himself, also strengthened his growing resolution to do what in him lay to put to good purpose the money so evilly gained. Bat on the other band he found that it was hard to forego the pleasures hia youth and lively imagination presented to him in vivid colours ; hard to continue, as, if he carried out his half-focmed intention be mn»t do, in the old, equalid paths; to pass hia days etill in the dens of vice and poverty ; to have as hia associates men who, however good their intentions, were yet no mates for the brilliant spirit that, did he choose, could bold its own in the brightest company. The struggle was very keen. Once indeed he almost decided to leave the town instantly after sending word that he was unable to fulfil his engagement He would depute the solicitor to settle the business in connection with the estate, and himself seek new friends and a life oE delight. He was young, full of vigour and spirit — why toil longer amid anch scenes? Tbe temptation was strong. He rose to bis feet, paced two or three times across the narrow room, and then, stifled by his contending emotions, strode to the door and threw it wide open. The damp November air came up the lobby with a chil''ws in it that speedily cooled his heated frame. By the light of the gaslamp outside he could see the vapours float to and fro. HiB hat and coat hnng near tbe end of the passage. Still, in irresoluteaess, he went slowly towards them and stretched forth his hand to take them down. The kitchen of the house was at the passage end. The door leading to it was closed, bnt Bteading there, in silent hesitancy, he could hear a woman's 44 He ought not to hesitate a moment, mother,' it said. 'He won't do, I am An inaudible remark from someone in the room followed. Then, after a brief etlence, the first voice spoke -once more, in ringing tones as of one who is deeply moved. 44 If be does that, there is an end of it. No man can serve two masters. He most either continue the good work or leave it. You know what Lowell saye, mother : *0nce to every man and nation comes the moment to decide; In the strife cf truth with fni^nn^ for the good or evuade.' That once has come to him, and bis answer must be riven to-night, either for or against.' Abner etood with wondering ears, bat the reply to this was again delivered in tones so low that he could bear nothing beyond a ' Well, you'll see now, who is right,' con tinued the other one a little later. ' Yon've had so much to discourage you that yoa easily lose hope. Bat I'm young, mother, and of A ripple of langhter followed this, and as it ceased Abner took down hu hat and coat, Ttakipp far ntorti noise fftftn was necessary in doing -so. The door opened, a flood of light streamed do ten the lobby. Tapbeots Gal vert stood in doorway. 'Good evening, Miss Calvert, I was jost getting my hat and coat.' 44 Indeed,' she eaid with some embarrass' ment, and finding he still stood there inq aired, ' Can I do anything for yon V 41 1 don't know,' he replied, in clow hesi tating tones that brought tbe colour to her face. May I ask you a question without giving offence V ** Y-e-s,' timidly, and with forbodings born of a certain scene in Brocco House. ' Was it of me you were speaking a few momenta ago* Iwuananutenaonalliatener, I can assfixe yo u. ** For a brief space there was no answer to bis inquiry, and then half-taming from him as if seeking assistance from her mother, who sat close by the fire she said : ' I most admit, Mr. Blake, that it was. Pray excuse me for venturing to express any opinion whatever ae to what yoa may do. I 44 There needs no apology,' responded Abner, his eyes taking in e-wery de**il of the beautiful face and form. It may be that I owe you thanks. VVointu often find courage to do the right where men fail That is what I won't now. Courage— co q rage for one tboit hoar. Goarage todo die right. Courage like Luther of old, to fling my inkpot at the devil who tempts me !' He turned on bid heel and strode out of the loose. The giri'a words had pnt life in the battle for good that raged in him. So he said as he Btrode onward swiftly. But suppose Taphenes had been old and ill-tavourcd instead of being young and fair of face ' How then ?' fae asked himself. It was a question difficult to answer. Bat hete was the Temple of Science His audience waited for him. What should he say? Chapter X. — Iksibe the Temple oj» Science. Ak '2? ^ excited assemblage that met Aimer Blake's gate as he stepped to the front of the platform and greeted him with a round of applause. Whatever he might uy he had i/?1 awa* from h» engagement. Yoa could have heard a pin drop as he stood there with a challenging look in his gray eyes, for he was not unaware of the reason of th4 crowded house^ and from mtlend exclamations gauged pretty accurately the sentiments of the meeting, but his mind was now made ud fearedon!*11™6 ^ 'lteilded to ^ke and he 'I hold them in the hollow of my hand ' he said to himself proudly. « They are mme, and I can mould their sympathies aa I wilL-' ptaSrfffiSi'*1' ?*— ?*? °f - ' Fellow workers, since my lecture wu announced there has suob a change came one my prospects as to considerably Star „* °'£ intentions a. to my sphere of wort T' ? owd^d^c1^ '''if im.t^ it' eawt, o^diithTbo1,ttb.frxint-itrui)tioD: Tbea aw expect tha doesn't ineean furt divide equally amnog us ? That's what we'n eoom fur, thof.' '* What a pity to disappoint you. friend. X am afraid if we snared in sacb a crowded house you'd only get a small portion after all, and that wouldn't satisfy you, would it?' '* VVeel done, Blake I Give it him !' A confused habbnb prevented him pro ceeding for a time. When it subsided he held up his hand. ' Before the question of division comes on —and well deal with it before we part ? ' ' That's night ! Weel done, lad ! Weel done, indeed V ** Before that, however, let me say that I intend, instead of giving yon my promised lecture, to say a few words as to myself and my opinions. 'I have long held the doctrine to be a self-evident one that nine-tenths of the poverty and misery in the world ie not fay any means the inevitable evil it is generally considered to be. As a thoughtful observance of the natural laws which govern health and life are sufficient to keep at bay many of the most deadly diseases, so I hold that a thorough knowledge of, and a strict obedience to, the l&wa; which govern capital aud labour, production and consumption, together with a drastic settlement of the great land question, which is destined to play so mighty a part by and-bye in the solution of the social problem, would be quite sufficient to banish poverty like a malefactor from our midst, aud to bring a reasonable prosperity to the humblest home, ' 'The earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof,' and all should be equal partakers of its blessingB. There they are inabnndance, and a. vicious, blundering system is aloae responsible for the anomalies which permit the greedy few to possess a thousand times more than is enough for even their artificially created wants, while suffering, hanger, and privation are the common lot. *' This, believe me, is quite a possible con Bamm&tion.; It is no Utopian dream. It is hard, practical common sense, and only needs that yon Bball unite loyally together to secure its speedy accomplishment. Christian socialism is for the moat part dead, and cannot flourish again under the present system, but, my friends, my brothers, if we conld only recreate the old faith, the human communism that was taught two thousand yean ago on the plains of Galilee, and secure its universal acceptance, misery would cease, vice would disappear, and heaven would come earthwards without looser delay. 'This is the creed I have taught— this is the creed I ehoald have continued to teach but all is changed.' fie paused, A deep «tflloess reigned, the silence oE eager expectancy. Then he went on once more, slowly at first, bat increasing rapidly aa he went along, an exultant ring dominating the tones, a note of conscious poirer that struck home to everyone there. ' I leave this platform to-night, once and for all. Leave it with sorrow, and yet with out regret. I wast in my humble way. a teacher. The teachers are many, the listeners, alas, are few— though they are in creasing. They may be left to themselves. For me — the boor of action has struck !' His voice rang bell-like through the room. ' Here in Sheffield, where this wealth has been hoarded, here it shall be spent, in as sisting one man to do what he can to pnt bis principles to the proof of practical working. The dream of my life has been the annihi* lation of poverty, the creation of happiness. J leave this room to-night to realise, to materia lise those dream*.' Another pause ; it was for a moment only —a hoarse murmur began to rise from the assembly in front. He raised one arm and quelled it even as one of old stilled the rag ing storm. ' From my childhood np my own days have been apent in penury, in sombre shade, in pain, in destitution. I know the evil of it all ! And my pulses iise at the prospect of meeting it — not as victim, but as conqueror. ?* To one and all of you, I say, come for ward and bfilp me \ I, so long as my means hold out, will find the sinews of hat, if you will only enter with me heartily ou the campaign. ' The plan of that ; warfare needs yet to be arranged. We will meet togecher to discuss it, to settle the details first, to urge on the battle later ! And may victory be speedily and completely oar own ! Good-night ! Good-night !' His feelings had carried him completely away. He sprang from the platform, and with hurried step Btrode down the aisle and into the black night. Bat as be passed out cheer after cheer shook the dingy old boilding, round after round echoed about its dusky old walls. The packed audience had expected a ''good th,ing,' though not exactly the one they had participated in. Their expec tations had been realised beyond anything they had hoped, and ih*»y did not foil to re peatedly and emphatically recognise it. Cupatee XL — Skide Adjourns to the 'Bells.' Immediately the faneral party left the churchyard Krink made his way cautiously 10 the grave. . Skide the sexton was stioding beside it, just discernable in the darkness, »nd was grumbling audibly. ' It's a uicst thing, this is. A vaary nicst thing ! They'll be Uerryin' 'em all at deod o1 neet next, like that cap ting as the song i« about. I wonder how yon lot 'ad relish stoppin' 'ere in 't dark 'illin' up a deeod tnou t Aw'd sec urn far euongh afore aw'd do it, bur ?'O* corn'c be soa independent neatr-a-clave, ur trade's awfol slack- Aw niver remember aicu a quiet toime for years an' years. Foak won ha'startitlivin' lunger nor they used far t do, far aw've niver berrit a livin' soul for pearly a fortnit. Aw th' same aw reckon now't o' this. Aw wonder iv he'd ketch cowd IV aw left him till maroin' ? &w;'ve a good moiod fur*t risk it ! Hollo, who's that ? Eh, Ueatar Krink, he&w; yo' frighten! mi V 'Did you think I was a ghost, Skide?' grinned Bold. *' No, no ! It's no ghost ; it's only Bold Erink tekkin' a last peep at his old guvnor, Skide, That's alL Ah, dear !' with a long sigh, *' bat be were no end of a deep 'ou. I never seed the man as could get the best of him. Never '. M&uy;'s the keen bit o' practice we've had together, but he'll drive no more hardbargins.' 'No ! do !' squeaked Skide. ' Tney dooan't oft do inicb id that line when aw've 'I gness not,' responded Krink. 'fih, Skide, the tales I could tell you about him ! Some of the deepest taricke you ever neeurd on. But it's cold et&ndin1; 'ere. What do you say if we slip into the Ring a' Bella and have a drop of something warm. Ugh ! It'e enough to etarve anybody to death I1* The eexton cast a glance towards the open grave; after all it made no difference to the occupant whether it was tilled up to night or to-morrow ; there was such an enticing sound about that 'somethia* warm' that he could not resist it, and, with the expressive intimation that he ' was easy led,*' he followed Krink into the cosy bar of the ' Bells.' An hour later be had grown garrulous under the influence of the kindly liquor, aud was expounding to the company his theory as to the fluctuations io the death rate. ' AwVe noaticed,' he was saying, *' as W in harvest I niver gets a job, though I may Bat when th' harvest's about o'er they drops off by odd 'uas, owd 'ana moonstly, just in the slack atween harvest an' tato-gettio* tune. When tatoin' gets fairly on theer's nlver a job. but get it o'er, ao' they gooas like winkin*. One after another as regiler aa clockwork. So fur that rayson, aw thinks as busy toimes is bad fur deem' folks. They doan't loike gooin' when theer's plenty atirrin* abeawt, Vm bar when toimes nets dull-like. they goons on as comfortable as you please. Before this time, Erink had slipped back to the churchyard. Quickly but quietly, ance he reached the grave, he doffed his coat, md. drawing from its pockets a chisel and a [named mallet, be along one of the planks, which lay near across the opening, and a moment later, by the aid of a short rope, had swung himself into the narrow pit. He was no coward, bat the work was certainly a blood-curdling piece of business, and far from bis doubts he entertained very strongly could have induced him to take it in hand. Ooce be had done so he would not torn back. 'Ddad men kin hurt nobody,' he muttered aa he knelt on the coffin. The lid, as he speedily found, had been fastened down in each a manner as to make considerable force necessary in opening it. Finding he could not unscrew it, he applied the mallet and chisel with a will, and in a short time had made a hole sufficiently large to admit his hand, then laying down the tool, and, setting bis teeth firmly together, he prepared io resolve his doubts, when a slight fall of earth from the top of the graveside, tattling upon the lid, caused him to jump in alarm. A cold shaiider ran through him, and it was some minutes ere be regained bis courage. Ac last, however, boldly thrusting in his hand, he felt for the dead body beneath him. A second of dumb terror, afterwards a loaf; sigh of relief. ' Exactly so ! Precisely so ! John Trea son dead 1 i\ot he ! He's more ab- nt him than that. I was feared it were a dodge, an' it is.' lhe coffin he found was filled with large stones, to give it weight, and each had been appa.re.utly well wrapped in cloth to prevent noise or movement. There was nothing else in it, and whether John Treason were alive or dead he was certainly not there. ' I knowed it were a do,' he con tinned, ' as soon as ever E heered of that wilt Milk ain't injure the gre-n'son some way or other, tbo' I'm blest if I kin see wheer it cnmei in. However, onless Kezia Adams hez got paralysis in her tongue, I'll know afore I sleeps to-night.' With that he shovelled in a sufficient quantity of earth to bide the coffin completely from view and hurriedly made his way touaris Brocco House. Skide, returning later, with swimming head and unsteady legs, was commenciQg his task by the light of a small lantern when he heard a noise close by. ?'Is that you, Krink V* he called. 'Nicst fellow you are to t&k; me yonder and slip off like that.' There was no reply, and taking the lantern the old man went to the next grave, from behind the headstone of which had come the bound. Raising the light he peeped over. There was a. man crouching there. Presently a face looked up at the light. Great Heavens! Krink? No! They were the yellow featured of John Treason himself that met the sexton's eves. With a load, dreadful yell of terror be dropped his lantern on the crouching figure and fled widely from the place. Cuafxeb XIL— A Babbsn Vicroar fob {tins. Adams. Silent and dark at door and at window was Rrocco House when Krink arrived before it. He crept quietly into the shade of Lhe tall laurels, and had barely gained them when a narrow bar of tight streamed through the key hole of the front door. Presently he heard the Bound of bolts being drawn, and then be could distinguish the voice of John Treason and his aged housekeeper. ' I tell yon I shall go,' the old man said, previsbly, opening the door slightly. ** But what good con it do \ Resides, you've spent a lot of foolish money over this business, and now you're eoinc to risk spoiling everything jast for the siiy satisfaction of eeeiog your own grave. It's madness.' ' Vou shut ap, Kezia ! You interfere too much. What's the waste of money got to do and whoever comes don't open the door until [ come back. Do yon hear that! You're leaf. There, now, you've let the light go As they stood there in the darkness Krink Baw his only chance of getting into the honae, and swiftly but silently glided along the wall and into the passage. ' What was that ? inquired the house keeper hurriedly. ** Nothing, you silly old woman, nothing. Fasten the door now, and don't go fall ing asleep. Keep waken till I get home again. Do you hear ! Now shut the door as I tell He went qoickly off, and satisfied that every thing was secured Kezia returned to the kitchen. *' Mad ! Mad as can be. The ? young fellow has turned his brain. He can't last long like this. My time's coming at last. At - Bat to her unspeakable terror there waa a man seated by tha kitchen fire as she reached the lobby'B end. In her fright she dropped the iron candlestick to the floor. With wide open eyes she etaxed at the intruder. H* turned his head. ?? ' 'Ah!' She cave a quiet sigh of relief. It was Krisk— only Krink. Her composure returned at once. She strode boldly into the room. 'Well, and what are you after?' she in quired. ' What am I after f with a scornful emphasis ; ' what do yon think I'm after, eh?' *' Don't know : don't want toknow ; don't ' Well tee about that theer. First of all, whatls the meanin' of dead men goin' to look at their awn graves, eh? Second, what'* to be got by old men foolw' young 'ons into the ideer as they've come into a fortin when they haven't come into no fortin at a]12 Them's two things 1 want to know, Kezia Adams.' The old woman smiled at his angry speech, and coolly sat down on the opposite side of the hearth. ** You always were an inquisitive tittie feller, Erink.' she said, soeeringly. 'always. Wantin' to know this an' wanlin* to know that. Bat I can remember as I ever told yos anythin' as yon didn't ought to know. Can 'This is a different thing, Keria,' was Krink's dogged answer. '* Fve bin an* broken open that coffin. I know Treason ain't in it, and I've just seen him go oat. What's Ilis game! That's what I want to know ?' ' Then yon stay here till he comes back as* ssk him. P'raps— if he don't send for a plicemsn to chnck you oat — hell oblige yon by a fall confession. Bot I shan't teH yon anything. ' ' Yon will! rUmekyou!' ' Fire away then,' was the reply. ' Ask all the questions you can think of, an* if yon bhonld get an answer let me know.' With this she settled henielf comfortably in her chair, and gazing with a half-amnped look on the handful of glowing embers, appeared quite unconscious of the presence of the visitor. Krink thi^teiied, and coaxed,and reasoned, and in despair threatened again, but it waa all The woman ia front of him might lure been a smiling wax figure for all the notice ah© took. The time flew on. Trenaon must surely return directly. Every endeavour io gain some clue to tne reason of his peculiar action had failed completely. He was quite hfff^. Kezia sat there silent, immovable, apbjnx- like. At last, after long expectation, there came ibe knock at the door that tumonnced tba A triumphant gleam abonc from Seaa'as bright eyes ; the victory was faera. Without looking towards Krink she rote to open the door, but he jumped up quickly and bured the way. ' No, you don't '.' he hissed dmerminedly. 11 Answer my questions and then !' Kt z:a, still smUiog, resumed her seat. Kriuk was furious. He hh cbat be cooid choke her. bat that woold have made him no wiser. The knocking was repented. He was beaten thoroughly. 11 You may open the door if you'll say nothing about me being here,' be exclaimed at length. ** If you 11 promise to be off as «ooa as he goes upstairs I'll say uothiog,' she answered after a moment's thought. The door was opened at last, and her master came iu raging at the delay. 'Asleep fagain ! Asleep again !' he cried. ' Always asleep 1' ' No, I'm not,' she answered, sharply. Treason stared at her fiercely for a miunte as though about to retort, and then Ifaere came suddenly over his face a strange wOd ex pression, and he laughed aloud, 'It's a nice grave, Kezia. S&ndy; *a* dry. It lias a good lot of sunlight an' is in a healtby situation !' 'You're out of sorts, Mr. Trenson/' said aid woman soothingly. ' You go bed at : now.' Krink would gain his point after I shan't go to bed ! What does a dead want with bed \ ' Then suddenly igiog the subject he asked, ' Do you I lv, Ktrzia, that my precious grandson cttia II nen like me thieves and weals t Do you I .v that ? And they're going to send him I'tvrlumeat. The workhouse brat I Hc'a to be a great man by going in for uni* al robbery. Yes ! There's hundreds I k him a. fine fellow, Mrs. Adams, and if it I n't happened that hia miserly old grand ex died and left him his money they'd nave made a little god of him. But he'e well off now, and in a week be'U throw the lot of 'em overboard, He'e a villain at bottom for all his fine speeches — as great a thief aa Paul Blake, his father, was. Hell fling 'em all aside and go in for a merry life. Ha 1 ha ! I know him. And then, when they bave all seen his hnmbng, bis shams, his lying deceit fulness, 111 rise up again and down he falls ! Found out ! Found oat !' Chapter XHL— Mes. Adams Solves a Greater Reddle than Trensov's. From hia place of concealment Krink listened eagerly to all this, and much of the like kind, with intense satisfaction. Kezia b determined reticence had been entirely thrown away. From the lips of Trenson himself he learned the motive that had caused him to act in Bach a way. Farther, be found that he, Krink, was suspected of hiving Informed the grandson of his relationship to the old man, and of the expectations he might indulge in. Every effort on the housekeeper's part to atop the torrent faiJed ; io fact, her endeavours to silence him only seemed to make him more determined to continue. He drew from his pocket a bundle of worn newspaper en ttings. ** Listen to this, Mrs. Adams, and remem ber, it's the talk of a maa who is rolling in wealth—or thinks he is. * book »t the gold that, ill and iniquitoaely **Otoj is coffered up in this country, QpetetBfef mouldering away ; think of the immeBarty of it ; of the hungry bellies it would feed, of the naked limbs it would clotbe L ?fet it lies there, this miser's dross, in a stiuneless and abominable idleness ! The hii«ritma lordling, the grind ing capitalist, -the*e tueti are enemies to the race ; bat the circulation of their wealth does at least find labour for the people, and they are, in a sense, comparatively harmless beside those who, transmuting the life-blood of the poor into yellow gold, hoard it away in their secret chambers, there to moulder and to rot in criminal nnglesRnffls. On the usurer, ** the man whose plough goes every day,' on him of all men, I would have no mercy** There Eexial Do you mean to say that is not meant for me ? Do you mean to tell me that |Crinlr( meaking, blabbering Krink, has not told him who and what he is. It is the miser who is keeping him oat of the money he hangers for, it is the miser who stands between him and a riotous profligacy. He may well hare no mercy !' ' Well, never mind it all ! Neither of 'em can harm you. Why need you upset your self about all this? Go to bed now.' 'Go to the devil, Mrs. Adams! Listen again. ' You talk of the scaredness of property ; what of the sacredness. of life ? Is it your high morality or the instinct of self preservation that has led you to place the eighth commandment in the highest niche of the temple, where the decalogue is law? Thou may'st starve, good brother, but *Thou shalt not steeL' Die, and let rociety be rid of thee, but put not thy souI into eternal perdi tion by taking that which for a little while will keep alive the existence so unaccountably dear to thee ! Step by step the good people about you are mending your condition. Little by little something is being done. True it is that ages must elapse, at the present rate of progress, before yon are perceptibly benefited, but in the knowledge that your superiors are doing there best for your welfare you must wait patiently, Oh ! so patiently, until the happy time arrives. ' * Patience ! Contentment ! These, O starving paupers of England, are the virtues you should cultivate. You must learn to wait, and wait and wait ! To the rich men you are the poor who are always with them — the poor whose misery, as they contem plate it, adds a zest to the enjoyment of their own pleasures. Your condition is eternal, inevitable. There is no winter in which, under the fallen snow, you may not find the starved sparrow ! You are the men of Schweidnitz in this social war ! Remember that ! Accept the honour and be contented, or, rising in your might and unity, sweep this race of bloodsuckers and oppressors from the face of the universe, and regain the heritage that force and fraud have robbed you of so long !' ' He held the paper aloft, shaking it vigorously. The mad gleam of his eyes became more pronounced, his voice when he spoke again, had risen to a shrill scream. ' Robbery ! Robbery ! That's his game, Kezia ! But I'll ruin him utterly. Give him rope enough and he'll soon alter his tune. A month from now will see every opinion changed, every old associate abandoned, and then — then I will cast him out again, and he will find himself forsaken, penniless. with not one of his old followers willing to believe in him any more." night. But this out burst seemed to exhaust him. He dropped into a chair, the papers fell from his nerveless grasp, and he mattered ti himself that he was ' tired, very tired.' "An' serve you bloomin' well right too," muttered Krink. Kezia said nothing, but after lighting the candle moved towards the stairs. Trenson, staring about him in an aimless fashion and mumbling incoherently, followed her. As they disappeared into the old wing of the honee Bold crept from his hiding-place and hurried to the door. Wild, ay, mad ec he mes darted through hia mind as he crouched there waiting. If no one but Trenson and the old woman knew that the funeral of to-day was a sham what was to prevent him carrying out that idea which had so suddenly come upon him and held him there so strongly ? As he stilt pondered it he carefully loosened the bolts of the door and stepping ontside slowly and with bent head returned to Shef field. In the meantime Trenson had reached his own room. ' Safe enough here, Kezia,' he said, panting from the exertion of mounting the narrow stairs. ' Quite safe here. No one will molest the dead man. I look to you to keep everyone out of this wing.' 'Certainly, certainly. Nobody'll come near you. I'll see to that.' 'That's right,' he replied, entering the room, and double-locking the door behind him. The old woman waited a few minutes to see if he retired at once to bed, but he was evidently too much excited to lie down. She could hear him moving restlessly about, and presently he began to sing in a quavering voice that yet sounded terribly distinct in the still ness of the night. 'Oh, die yellow moon, the yellow moon ! She loves not me nor mine. I lie between the graves at night. For there she dare not shine. From stone to stone I creep, and creep. And listen to the moan Of those wbo sleep below by day, Bat wake, with cry and groan. When the yellow moon, the wicked moon. Steals after me alone.' ' Mad ! Mad !' murmured the listener. ' He cannot last like this. My long waiting is nearly done.' Bang ! It was the door which Krink had neglected to close behind him. She turned quickly. The draught from the passage below blew out the candle. She felt for the stair rail in the darkness, but failed to find it. A moment's pause and then she took a step forward, forgetting that she already stood on the edge of the narrow landing. Upon that one false step hung her own fate, that of her master, and of others beside him, for it precipitated her headlong down the stairs. There was a smothered cry, a dull thud as she fell on the flags below, and then, in the thick gloom, there lay huddled a still form, silent and without motion of any kind. Dead, after all, before the master whose end she had been ao anxiously awaiting. Unaware of her untimely end, Trenson drew back the bolts of his door and looked out. 'There's a riddle in that song, Kezia,' he called aloud. ' Can you tell me what it is that 'creeps and creeps,' eh ?" There was no reply, and after waiting a few moments he closed the door once more. ' She gets very old and useless, does Kezia,' he said. 'If she does not alter soon I must send her about her business— I really must. She gets queer too ! Very queer. And I think sometimes she isn't in her proper senses !' And in the lobby below the quiet form lay tranquil and peaceful through the black watches of the night ; the stiffening limbs grew more rigid as the hours rolled on. The night wind moved the door to and fro, now opening it softly, now closing it with sudden noise, but Kezia heeded neither the chilliness of the breeze nor the noise of the door. Morning came at length. The struggling rays of light found the dead body, and showed its disarranged clothing, its serene face, By ind - bye a sunbeam straggled down and played silently about it, while in the chamber above John Trenson, waking somewhat later than usual, began to wonder how it was that Kezia was so long in serving the morning meal. {To be continued.) 