DAY BY DAY. If the pernicious oxample set by Alderman Houston in the municipal council of Randwick were to be imitated generally, thore would soon be no advantage in being an alderman at all. All tho serviceable energy which is evinced by these dig nitaries would evaporate. Tho craze for new ideas, subversive of all established and venerated privileges, has already carried people far enough. Common ratepayers have been taught by trouble some innovators to gird at municipal worthies who improve the roads of the boroughs in front of tiieir own properties, and a vulgar and derisive tendency has grown up of alleging that the illu mination of a whole street by ono solitary lamp is indicative of an alderman having experienced the necessity of soeing where to insert his latch-key after protracted sittings of tho local council. This has been aggravating enough, but it is calculated to paralyse the zeal of every right-thinking alder man in the matter of taking drastic measures for tho collection of unpaid rates when ono of their own body bo far forgets what is duo to tho dignity of tho position as to intrude a demand for a list shewing tho names of aldermen who themselves are iu arrears, and the amount owing by each. It has nlways been possible to satisiuctorily explain about the remarkable patch of road making or the lonely lump by triumphant demonstration that although certainly an alderman's property lay in the imme diate vicinity tho allotment on tho opposite Bide of tho road belonged to a simple ordinary rate payer. Buts this inquisitory trick of raking up particulars about aldermen's arrears of rates per mits of no management whatever. Thero seems lo be a lot of inconsistency in the way that criminals arc dealt with in tho two con tinents of America. Thero are two methods : The regular legal procedure and tho irregular popular plan. Perhaps the second is a sort or complement to the first. An interesting murderer who is so lucky as to oscape the first adverse impulses of popular enthusiasm is us hard to kill as a cat. About two years ago, before Butler took to pros pecting in Now South Wales as an industry, an estimable young man naraod Durrant en ticed two young ladies, Sunday School acquaintances of his, into a church, where tiieir nakod dead bodies woro shortly after wards discovered. A jury found him guilty of their murder. But he is not hanged yet, and his grief-strickcu father quito lately unsuccessfully applied for permission to tako cinematograph photos, of scenes in his gaol for subsequent exhibi tion, with a viow to raise funds for furthor appeals against execution of the sentence. As a set-off against this system of legal procrastination the rapid popular plan of lynching a suspect as soon as hands can be laid upon him is still in voguo. Even this, however, doos not always work smoothly. Tho enso of the Italian arrested for attempting to assassinate the President of the Mexican Republic illustrates tho disadvantage of this. Snatched from gaol and hacked to pieces with knives, the prisouor, it now turns out, had. merely, iu a tipsy condition, slapped tho President on the hack. The difficulty of the situation now is that no sufficient quantity of him can be col lected for the mob to apologise lo. Zed is most anxious that the Federal delegates should have all tho change and amusement, while they are in Sydney, possible. He was, therefore, pleased to learn that a number of them went to Kiama on Saturday. Zed has nevor bcon there himself, but he feels convinced that Kiaina is just tho place which those who like that sort of place would like very much indeed. Ho believes thero is a ghost thero, and other enjoyable products of naturo. Tho conduct of the delegates while at Kiama further justifies, howevor, a statement often made iu these columns, viz., that professional persons when on holiday invariably go to seo or hear something immediately connoeted with their own profession — tiie actor goes to see acting, the judge to see trials, and so on. The delegates acted in precisely similar manner at Kiama, They were driven to the Blowhole I There are carping and cynical people who rail at the glorious uncertainty of the law. There is nothing, however, in all nature more certain than the law— certain, that is, to buckjump and throw the lay litigant on his head every time. John Nicholls, of Melbourne, found it that way. In 1892 he sued for a divorce. Decree nisi. In the same year he applied for the rule absolute, but his own solicitor objected on the ground that his (the solicitor's) costs had not been paid. Judge decided with solicitor, and ordered the prothonotary to refrain from issuing decree absolute. That was in 1893. Nicholls went before three judges sitting in Banco. The three judges backed solicitor. Then Nicholls, probably making emphatic remarks about the law, married again, and is now hauled up charged with bigamy. The amount of costs is £113 10s. Of this costs out of pocket are only £25 18s 6d, and the divorce Buit was undefended. The solicitor had received in actual cash .£45. In other words, the simple, single-barrelled variety of divorce costs in Mol bourne £113 odd, of which £26 goes to the court and £88 to the solicitor ! The Chief Justice, who tried Nicholls for bigamy, couldn't see any reason why he should be acquitted ; the solicitor's bill seamed large for an undefended suit, but in the absence of a reduction of the bill by taxation tho charge was to be regarded as "reasonable." Ho reserved sentence for three months to give Nicholls the chance of squaring his solicitor. By which the wall-eyed layman will perceive that apparently not paying his solicitor is a Iarger crime than bigamy, and that he may marry early and marry often if he only pays his bills of costs. The unkind remarks which have been made about the Parliamentary Vigilanco Committee, which 1ms instituted itself to boo that tho Federal Convention does the work which no ono ovor asked tho Vigilance Committee to do, and which it pro bably couldn't do if it triod, are quite uucallod for. Here arc a numbor of iirst-rato patriots left out to tho cold of oblivion ; politics on 8. largq scale are in full swing, without tho assistance: of mombors of tho Vigilance Committee, nnd heretofore, as regards federation, those mom bors havo been afforded no chance of poking the public in the eyo with their illustrious cog nomens, and now there is an opportunity of doing so, and of showing tho pboplo that thoy aro pre pared to save tho country, whether the country wants to be saved or not," and ill-oouditio'ned people want to porsuado them that thero is no use for thorn, and that thoy had hotter cot back into bed and go to sleep. II is too bad I If thoy can't effect anything— and they can't— at least let them talk 1 If thoy ffop't somo of them might burst. Poor young Richard Truswoll, lato of Malvoril (Vie.), ollmbod up an olactrio light polo and took hold of the wiro. Dead 1 Seems simple and sac( enpugh, doesn't it? So it may bo to the unculti vated non-saientist who 'has nevor battoned on a technical dictionary. But when a gentleman comes along full to tho hatches of tho very best assorted scientific teems, what a totally different aspoot thai apparently simple and compound eloctrio shock takes. This is how a medical gontloman explained tho mattor at the mqucBt :— "The priuiinary cause of death was tho electric shock, and that operating on tho nerve centres caused paralysis of tho nerves supplying tho organs of respiration, and that deprivation of nerve supply causod suffocation, of which thero wore all tho indications that commonly occur.',' Splqndjd thing to bo a scholard, ain't it? Almost makes ono fool inclined to uhinup and touch an eloctrio wiro to havo the results described in suo& elegant ianpuage J I 