\- A GREAT WRONG ; OE, THE MYSTERY OF SLACK HOLLOW GRANGE. CHAPTER XXII.-— (Continued.) I .' Threading a dark street, with the damp 'wind in his teeth, and his heart torn with ? bitter memories, a woman's ory for help startled-him. Ho dashed forward, following tho di rection of the sonnd, nnd a few blooks ofl in the shadow of a projecting roof, he caught- sight of a woman straggling in the hands of a tramp. ' Ton villain I' thundered Sir Harry, making a dive at hiB throat, but the tramp eluded his grasp and fled, leaving his viotim panting and faint with terror. She waa a tall, Blim woman, in a flowing mantle of black. ' I hope, madam, that I was in time to save yon from injury V' \- The woman turned her white, affrighted face toward him, and put forth a slender hand. ;? I thank you sir,' she began, bat his cry of amncement out her short. 'MeroifOl heavens 1' he gasped, catch \- ing at her arm, ' am I in a dream, or do the dead come book ?' ' Sir Hairy Tseshatn I' '''' '''' ' GQa name broke from her lips in a tone of startled regret, and wrenching her arm from his hold she was hurrying away. '? Bat cm she had retreated ten paces ho oanght hor- again and held her fast. She turned otfhim, her blue eyes blazing. 'Sir Harry Treshnm, how dare you? Unhand'toe this instant.' Ho only held her all the more seourely. 'MIos Trevethon ! It is you, and ?live I Thank Heaven 1' His voioe broke almoBt into sobs, so great waa his emotion. Lenore stood passive, a smile lighting her pale face. 'pTes, Sir Harry. I see there is no hope of running away from you,' she answered. 'But what does it meant' he de manded; 'for Heaven's sake, speak. Miss Trevethon, only yesterday I saw you buried, and to-night I meet you here.' . Her blue eyes flashed with a sort of grim amusement. ' ' Can you not guess, Sir Harry 1 I am not a ghost, hence you did not see mo buried yesterday.' He caught her hand and kissed it in hiB rapturous delight. 'Ypu are alive I there is some mistake. Oh, Miss Trovethon, this is the happiest day of my life.' \- She laid her slim, soft hand on his arm, looking up at him with her grave, plead ing eyes. ' Yes, there is a mistake — a great secret, Sir Harry which you have found out, and I am sorry. I meant to keep the truth all to myself, but oinoe we have , met, you will keep, of course, tho seoret at my asking ?' 'Assuredly. I think there is nothing you could ask of me that 'I would deny, Miss Trevethon. . Biit, I bee; your por . pardon, I do not qaitc); understand.' 'Let us walk on together, and. I will explain. I am stopping not far off, 'and being Bomewhat of a strangor in London, IloBt rify way in the fog this .evening, which accounts for my being out so' late. _ Sir Harry, I am- very grateful to yOU;' ? He shook from head to foot with ex . citement and emotion as he gave 'her his \- arm. ' ' :i: L'J. .-I ?— -r-y'V-For what, Miss' Trevethon ? Because , you have made me the happiost man- in England I Half an hour ago I bolievod ? you dead and buried under the dreary , marbles at Lyndith Hall, and to me life was not worth the living. Now, I look upon your living face, and ? ' The little trembling hand left hia arm, the sad eyes filled with tears. ' Sir Harry, pray do not speak in that way,' she implored. ' If you do I'muSt run away irqm you this minute, and I am so miserable, so utterly alone, so sorely in need of a friend. Holp me and keep my secret.' The rapturous glow faded from hiB eyes, for something in the look of hers told him that the hope he oherished was a vain one. He answered her like the man he was. ' You Bhall have no need to rnn away from me, Miss Trevethon. And now tell me what your secret is.' 'You have surely guessed. I live, and I am not Richard Trevethon's wife.' 'MisB Trevethon I Then there must have been vile falsehood and treachery, Oan Sir -Geoffrey have perpetrated this great duplioity in order to seoure and hold your fortune ?' She bowed in assent. ' And you have suffered the world to believe it? Miss Trevethon, I cannot understand.' 'No matter ; you understand enough. 1 wish the world to believe it.' He turned upon her in dire amaze. 'You wish the world to believe it; fou intend to let this shameful plot suc ceed. Is that what you mean, Miss Irevethon ?' ' Precisely that, Sir Harry.' ? ' And you will let Sir Geoffrey Treve-; , thon lie to tho world, and cheat it with a! mock funeral, in order to hold your' nrealth ? You aro willing to give up your' aame and your birthright, Miss Treve thon ?' ' Yes, I intond to do all that.' j Her voice was steady, and the hand on! bis arm lay quiet and pulseloss. The' young man looked at her in sheer amaze-! ment. - I 'Miis Trevethon, what con you! mean.' ' ' Just this, Sir Harry. I conld not. . obey my father's last command and wishi Mid marry Richmond Trovethon, and'' thereby secure to him the fortuno whioh - should , be his ; and sinco they have] planned and plotted this immense fraud,: I have no wish to expose it. I mean that they shall havo it all their own way. They and the world believe me dead, and to them dead henceforth I will re main; then the fortune will be theirs,, and in part, at least, my father's wish will be observed. ' ' Give up your name, Miss Trevethon — your fortune; everything 1 By Heaven, it shall not be 1 Before this timo to morrow all London shall ring with the story, and Sir Geoffrey Trevethon shall be dealt with according to his deserts.' ' xSay, Sir Harry ; the secret is mine, . and at my asking you will surely koep it ? Oh, pray, do not deny me the solo kind ; ness I havo ever asked of you 1 Help mo in this my hour of sore trial. Keep ray secret, Sir Harry, and be my friend.' ' Always your friend, Miss Trevethon,' .he answered, utterly unmanned by her : entreating inanner, ' but this gross fraud and iniuatiee should be exposed.' ' 1 do not desire tt. For ray salo, Sir Harry, you' will be silent ?' 'For your .sake, Mies Trevethon, 1 '.would willingly do oven more than that. But is the world to Iobo you utterly ?' ' The world can well do without me,' ?he _ answered, with a mournful smile; it will aparoely miss me. I shall leave England in a few days; never to return . He caught her hand and held it olose, his eyes burning down upon hor. 'Miss Trevethon, it Bhall bo as you say ; I will keep your secrot. You shall die to the World if you will, but live for me. When you leave England, lot it be as my dear wife. I asked you once be fore, and you donied mo. I ask you again. Havo pity on a love, Lenoro, which nevor sworves, never forgots, whether you live or die. Givo up youi heritago ; I havo another for you. Ro linquish your namo and take mine. We will loavo England together, and in some '''{rod, with every wish of your heart fulfilled, you shall learn to love me Lenoro, you must lovo me when once you are my wife. Have no fears, hesitate no longer, but lay your dear hand in cj y » snail be so.' She lookod at him with briming eyes. _ ' From my very soul, I wish I could Sir Harry.' ' You can, Lonore.' ' Nay, forgive me, I cannot.' ' And why I' A suddon crimson stained her whit« faoe ; her head drooped, her olear eyei fell. ' Miss ; Trevethon, I am answored,' ?aid the young man, gravely. 'You love another.' She waa Bilent, burning blushes still mantling her oheeks. He' walked beside her, spent also, until they reaohed che door of the lodging-house. ' MisB Trevethon,' he said then ' you will at least permit me to bo your friond. Indeed, I think you asked that much oi mo. Now tell me what I can do ? If you cannot loveme, surely you will allow me to do some little kindness for you ' Yes ; you shall keep my secret.' ' Ib thero nothing else ?' She hesitated, and said with some oon fusion ; 'There is but one thing. Come in «nd I will tell you,'. ? _ He'followed her into the plain ilttli sitting-room she occupied. 'You will think me very childish, very, silly, no doubt,' she began the moment thoy wore seated, ' but-I cannot help: it. I should have been out of England long ago but for this feeling oi fanoy, or whatever it is that possesses me. Sir Harry, you remember our Bummei trip to the Highlands ?' 'I do, assuredly.' ' Well, while there, the day that you and Sir Geoffrey were deer-stalking, 1 run off and went to the Black Hollow Grange.' ' To tho Haunted Manor?' 'To the Haunted Manor. I had a mind to ask you to go with me, and I wish I had done so. I went aloiie, en tered the old house alone, and thero, Sir Harry, I saw tho ghost. Don't laugh at me, pray, and don t Bay that I was mis taken. i saw it just as plain as I see you this minute.' \ ' And what manner of thing was it; MisB Trevethon 1' ' An old man. I Baw his face clearly ; a fine, pale face, with a long white beard, just like the Trevethon portraits at Lyn dith Hall ? ' ' Did you apeak to it ?' ' No j I'm ashamed to tell you what I did. I got frightened and fainted, and afterward ran away, and I have so bit terly regretted it.' j ' My dear Miss Trevethon, why ? You surely do not believe in the popular s legend that peoples the old house with ghosts ? .Tho old man you saw was a rambler of some sort.' She shook her head, with und, sober ?eyes. ? 'J , 1 1 Nay, I think not, the face was a peculiar one. You've heard the old story, Sir Harry — the mystery of my poor father's fate?' ? 'I have, Miss Trevethon.' 'Well, all my life long I have felt somehow that the olue was in that old manor ; and now, ever since I saw that face, oh, Sir Harry, I cannot rest day oi night. It haunts me incessantly, until , now I think that it was my poor father's face, and that ho has been shut up in that old nouse an these years.' ' My dear'Miss Trevethon, that could not bo.' ' The notion haunts me all the same I must know ; I must solve tho mystery, or I Bhall go mad. I have thought to go again, I was to go last week, yesterday, to-day, but somehow my resolution always fails me — tho old place is so deso late and ? ' She paused, a painful crimson flooding all her drooping faca. The young n a i regarded her curiously. 'You would like me to go in youi stead. Miss Trevethon, and investigate this mystery ?' She looked up with eloquent eyes. ' Oh, Sir Harry, if you would.' 'I'll start in the next train, and i1 there's a mystery in the old house, I'l unravel it. And now, as I've a few hur ried preparations to make, I must bid yot good-.ovoning. On my return I shall fine you here ?' ' You will find me here. Sir Harry how shall I thank you ?' ' I'll -tell you when I get baok. Good bye, Miss Trevethon.' He pressed her hand, bowed, and wai gone. ' Such a noble-heart,' sighod Lenore as she watohed him down the rain} stroot;. 'and I, what a miserable, un womanly fool I am.' And sinking down upon a sofa she' hit her proud face in her hands and wept ii shame and bitterness. CHAPTER XXIII. THE BIORBI PABSAOl. ' It will go hard with me if I fail to find some loop- hole;,' ho had said ; but searoh and grope as he might, no loop-hole oould be found. And at last, after tumbling and falling and bruising his hands against the thick wnlls, he had gjvon over, and sat down in utter despair. -Tlio walls were solid, and thor^ was no sign pf door or window, the .inly egress being- the olosed trap door far ?tbove. IIow many days ;;and nights had gone by ho couldr not tell— an eternity it ?eomed. He was growing alarmingly weak from hunger, and a fierce pain, produoed by the ., dampness, racked hia body. 33iere was but ' one hope for him, the hope of death ; and the sooner it oame and released him from his agony, the better. ^ ? And yet it was hard to die thus, in the cory prime of his manhood ; to^ lie there and starve and rot in the darkness, and the world never know aught of his fato 1 ? He bowed his burning templos on his clasped hands, and a great sob of pain -nd despair shook him. She would livo, tho only woman ho adored, and Bmilo in lier ineffable loveliness, andgive her sweet iovo kisses to some happy lover, whilo he should lie thore unlamented, and perhaps unremembered. The thought was very bitter. . Hia bowed head fell lower, and sob after sob shook the strongman untilhotrembled like a reed. 'Ij[gaven have mercy.on me,' ha groaned aloud, 'and1 if I am to drink this bitter cup, let me drain it quickly 1' Something like tho sound of a human voice answered him — a strango, hollow Bound that seemed to issue from the solid floor beneath him. Ambrose started to his feet, tho per spiration broak ing out upon him in cold drops, his oyoB glaring into the thick, black gloom. ' What was that ?' he demanded. The hollow sound wos repeated, and after it oame a snocession of taps. The young man stood and listened, the im penetrable darkness. all about him. ' What'a that ?' he again demanded, the tremor of a great horror running through his voice. The rapping grew louder, a rasping sort of crash followed, and then some auDtlo instinct warned Ambrose that he was no longer alone 1 Some living creature was near him. Never till his dying day did the young man forgot the sensations of that moment. A horror that was unutterable fell upon him, and tho very hair on his head seemed to rise. What presenoe was itthathe.felt so near him 1 By a great effort he com manded his voice. ' In Heaven's name, what arc you V' he tsked. A toft s'ep struok the damp floor. ' Yoa are thore, are you ? ' answered a pleasant voice ; 'and in utter dnrkiiusa, too ! Why, where's your lantern ? Put out by tho foul air, though, of course.. Whew 1 what a stench, ami dark as Erobus 1 One might as well step into a grave 1 You've found the time tedious, no doubt, and I couldn't get here one minute sooner.' ' In Heaven's name, who are yon?' again demanded Ambrose. ' Who am I? Well, King Lear, at your service, as I told you once before. I've not forgotten you, Mr. Gorhart ; I know you in an instant. Your faco is a vory striking ono. I saw you when you went down, and I should have stopped you, but I was curious to soo what you wore after. I didn't think a soul but my self know of that secret passage from the doath-room. How came you by your knowledge, and what took you down here ?' 'No matter now,' exclaimed Ambrose. ' If you are a human creature like my lolf help me, I bog, to got out of this hor-. tiblepit.' A peal of mirthful laughter filled tha vault with weird echoes. 'A human creature? Indeed I am. Did you take me for a ghost ? I'll wager my head you did now. Ha, ha, ha I A fino joko that. No, young man, I'm not a ghost as yet ; I'm good for a dozen years to come, if I don't lone my breath before wo'rn out of this. Oomo, now, '&ive; mo you hand ; it is timo wo wore moving.' The touch of human fingers thrilled ever nerve in Ambrose Gerhart'a body with dolight. ' Heaven bless yon, you are human 1' ho cried, clasping and holding tho hand that had sought his in the darkness, 'and you havo coino to set mo free.' Precisely, sir. And you may thank your stars that I happoned to aee you, for no other man alive, I take it, knows the socret of tho underground entrance. Come, now, hero wo are ! Softly, softly, stop by Btop. We are going down, you see. We shall got a firm footing pre sently. If we only hod a light ' Ambrose pormitted himsel?' to bo led on to ? a sort of aperturo in tho floor, from which a few stops led downward to Bome subterranean chamber even darker and .oloser than tho one thoy, had left. - . 'Here we hre-' said his companion, as thoir feet touohod the ground. 'Now all you havo to do is to follow mo. Tho tunnel is straight and Bafe, but it is very tedious. You'll fancy yoursolf nearing tho neighborhood of London before you emerge into the daylight. Once out of this sorapo I'd advise you to koep out, for you havo had a narrow escape. If tho question is fair, young man, what did bring you down here ?' ' Tho question is fair enough. I oame down in searoh of tho MyBtorv of the Black Hollow Grange, and I found it, too.' King Lear wheoled round and faoed him in the narrow way. ' What do you mean?' ho demanded ; ' What have you discovered ?' ' Lead on,' answered Ambrose, feel ing for the yellow roll in Iub breast. 'As soon as we strike daylight you shall know. You forgot that I have been without food .or drink for — Heaven only knows how long. In a few min utes more my strength will give out.' In silence the two pursued theii way through the black; underground tunnel. A violent thunder storm and the sum mer dny closing in. Sir Harry Trosham, sitting in hiB saddle on the lone heath, had his first sight of the Black Hollow Grange. Sinco his boyhood he had hoard of it and of its mystery, and now for tho first time hia oyes beheld it. 'And that's the Haunted Manor 1 Wlmt a ghostly old place ! And to think that Miss Trovethon ventured to oome hero alone. No wonder she was fright cued. Of course there's nothing under tho blaok turrets worso than batB and rats, but it is rather a forlorn old nest to look at. Ono wouldn't quite fancy Bleep ing thero suoh a night as this, with this oonfounded storm about his eara. I'll defer my investigations till to-morrow, and seek sholtor in some adjaoent inn. To-morrow I'll make a fresh start, and if thero's a ghost on tho promises, I'll make hiB acquaintance. Mine Trevethon's mind Bhall be set at rest. Softly now, Ratt lor.' But Rattler would not be soothed. Tho fc'iuuder peal that shook tho hillo, aud immediately succeeding a lurid blazo of lightning, made him cowor and tremble bonoath his rider. In the next breath, tvitli distended nostrils and flattened eara, ho threw up his head, and darted off at a mad gallop. J ' Rattler, softly now,' coaxed Sir Harry, voinly tugging at tho bit. The horse flew on as if he had gone mad. Aoross the grounds, through the black hollow, and sheor down the rocky descent. ~ Tlio wind took Sir Harry's hat and whirled it away ; the lightning flashed in his eyoB, the thunder doafened him. And an went the tonifiod horse, defying rein 3r curb. They niado the dangerous desoent, nnd tho rider had kopt his seat ; but juBt beyond the inoor thero rose u rocky ledge. Rattler leaped ovor it like a whirl wind, and Sir Henry was whirled over Rattler's head, striking tho hard earth beyond bo violently that he lay there motionloss! The horse flew on across tho windy moors, utterly regard less of the fallen ridor. (To be oontinuod.) The product of a single pair of sparrows, if oacli pairahould have 24 young in a year and all live, would iD 10 years number 275,716,083,698 birds. The bird hatches 5 or 6 broods in a year, aad preduoet from 4 to 6 young in a brood. 