THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. ' OD Thursday iftsraoon, our rspmentstire nude hie w«y to the bumble borne of Mr. Thomas Jar vie, 45 Crown-Iano, Ultimo. Ha *u disoovered uursing a two year-old baby, .nd Ms /ace delcared htm to be one of the happiest meo in Sydney. He was up and about and able tD answer the kuook at the door. Although pale and (till bearing the marks of a oritloal flloen, and a period of pain, it waa very olear that be waa an invalid on the rapid road to eouvaleaeace. In reply to the preliminary questions, he laid : " You want to know all about my 'CMS? Well I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The faote may be of value to those who are atricken as I waa." " How long were you suffering f" " Well, twelve months ago I sot ao bad that X had to leave off work, and I have done nothing aince then. About five yeara ago, next Ubrlstmas, I met with an accident; I was badly acalded while takings bath in PiU-atreet, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, aud after four yeare of gradual developement of the malady I waa forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Ialand. " What were the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were juit about u much aa I could bear. They were for all the world like aa if a eaw were cutting my bones to two in every part of roe. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and I waa a nuia anoe tomyaelfand everyone else. J waa iu oeaaantiy shivering and ahaklug, and could neither eat nor sleep. On 23rd March laat I saw a wellknown dootor and ho told me that my case waa utterly hopelest. However he gave me an order to the Director of Charit able Institutions." " Did yon make use of the order 1" "Noj I oaoie home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever slnoe. Five weeka ago I could uot walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that It was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, aud did aU he could, by opium and morphia pills, to esse the agony I JM1D* I wm under bimfor five or si* weeks. He came to the conclusion (hat I was Buffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive looo motor ataxy, * disease of the epical cord, . ,b^ Pccu"w disturbancesof gait, and dlfnoulty In co-ordinating voluntary move* menu. He told me that I might laat for ten years, and that I might never get the nee of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked hii lege about with energy to show that medical -opinion is not infallible.) Well just aa a drowning man will grasp at a straw, [grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertliement de scribing the cure effected in tbe case of another boiler- maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams* Pink Pills for Pale People, f read the advertise mint of a ease which seemed to fit mv own I determined to give the Pink Pills a trlai anyway, and sent for a bo*. The effect was as marvelous as it was rasgioai. I iru able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was Incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I bare taken four boxes of Pink Pilla during the past four weeks, and am now taking the firth box. lean walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually but surely, recovering my former vigor and vital ity. Ynu see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used thein. They weremade tor me before I got the Pink Pills, bat! was too Weak tonse them, and now I don't want them. All J want It tbh stick, and I bope soon U> do without it. You tee L I am rapidly regaining my strength," "He l« WO per cent, better," said Mr». . ,» !. 0 ha° come in *«. '"ken the babv S? ^ rTbe ?ibk Pill» saved bis life,'And made another man of him." A ,*'» In at this point said Ju {"jm » '."? ye#r" younger ibat day than be did a fortnight previously! "I can now," continued Jarvie, "have a cold balli, and all the reeling baa comc back In my legs. It I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work at a boiler maker, and yon know I have to he in the very pink of health and strength to work at thai trade. I am better to day than I liave been at any time daring the past five years. I S0rJ S...U l,'°. ch"8° ftnd benefit to I liege Pink PHI*. They have saved my life, lam in no pain now, whatever, and feel ltko a now man. On the mantelpieoe there ia a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor fave me to deaden tbe excruciating pain, tut they can stay where thoy arc, fSr I no longer need them. Everybody who know me has been amused at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. M y belug aboit again has caused quite « sensation oat here. Such ia this remarkable hiatory, and it con firms what ia said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pille for Pale Feopto. 1 hey cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralyala, ami spinal diaeaae, also the many diaordera which ariae from an impoveriahed state of the blood, such aa autemla, pate and sallow complexion, general muncular weak ness, indigestion, losaof appetite, shortness of breath, paina iu the back, uervoua headache. e<c. . 