Newcastle News. . Mr. James Griffiths, a very old resident of Stock-- ' ton, died on Monday night. Alderman W. Chalmers, of Lambton, was in jured by a fall of coal in the Lambton, colliery on Tuesday. There are now 156 men engaged under .' the butty-gang system on the Lambton portion of the pasturage reserve drainage scheme, which it is es timated will cost the Government about £40,000. . The opening up of Hunter-street to the seashore is again a subject of discussion among Hunter street residents, and it is expected that some steps will soon be taken to have the matter fully gone into. Street-ranger Lynch was busily engaged Saturday night preventing the fruit hawkers from loitering in the streets. The fine imposed the other day on one of the number seems to have had a salutary effect. The list of vessels expected to arrive at New castle is a long one, no less than 102 being noted, made up as follows : — 84 foreign- going ships, foreign-going steamers, 13 intercolonial sailing vesselB and 1 intercolonial steamer. At an inquest on Monday at Georgetown on the body of the lad Richard Drinkwater, who was drowned on the previous day it was conclusively shown that the boy accidentally fell into the water hole, and a verdict in accordance! with the medical evidence was returned. Monday being the 105th anniversary of the birch of General George Washington the American skippers who happened to have vessels in the har bour,, and who thought of the notable event dis played bunting, whilst at the United States consu late there was a bright display of flagging. Mr. T. R. Price, chief traffic manager of the Cape Colony railways, arrived here on Tuesday in company with the chief traffic manager, Mr. Kir— kaldie. An inspection was made of the railway arrangements on the wharves and dyke. Mr. Price has a great opinion of tbe manner in which the New South Wales railways are managed. r. The air was thick with federation on Saturday evening, when MeBBrs. Wise, Cullen, and J. T.. Walker addressed a large crowd from the balcony of Hollinahead'8 Hotel, whilst Messrs. Norton and O'Sullivan discoursed on the enthralling subject from the Central Hotel, both meetings being about evenly patronised and attentively listened to. For some time past a certain cottage in Pacific street has borne the reputation of being haunted, and ConBtable M'Kellar was deputed to attempt to lay or arrest the ' ghost whose manifestations took the form of 'throwing Btones on the roof of the houae, which is occupied by a harmless old couple. Close observation on the part of the officer resulted in him seeing a young woman throw a missile from, the window of adjacent premises, and it is probable that police court proceedings will follow. There ia conaiderable activity in the building trade here. It is computed that works in view now will cost nearly £50,000, while it is probable that the bnilding of the old Waratah smelting works will coat £50,000 and a dry dock £100,000 if' started, v/hich is not altogether improbable. There are also further works contemplated at Cockle Creek smelting works. The other works here are advancing towards completion, and the first big shipment of ore is expeoted shortly. Dur ing the week ProfesBor Threlfall visited the works. The staff at present is under 300, but more hands will be required when smelting iB in full operation.. 