ALL SAINTS' FESTIVA L. The services in connection with 4.11 .Saints' Festival, which are being held in All Saints' Church nightly during this week, are Vieing well attended. The preacher on Tuesday even ing wat the Rev. W. Carey Ward, M.A., who Mas assisted during the service by the incum bent, the Rev. R. C. Nugent Kelly. The preacher selected for his text " If ye, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask Him ?" The rev. gentleman remarked that many persons regarded the Holy Ghost in the light merely as an influence for good ; they could not understand His personality. In proof of the assertion that the .Spirit w.-is a personal body, the preacher quoted ths words of Christ to his disciples immediately before His crucifixion. " I will pray the Father anil He shall give you another Comforter that He may abide with you for ever." The per sonal pronoun "He" showed that the Holy [ Spirit, the Comforter, was a personal member of the Trinity. Jesus Christ was one Com forter, the Holy Spirit was the other comforter to whom Christ had referred, arid it was through faith in Him that we obtained sanetifi eation. The choral portion of the service was as usual admirably rendered by the choir under the conductorship of Mr. A. J. Pearce, who also presided at the organ. The festival was continued last night, when Canon Godby preached on " The witness of the Church to the Sinfulness of Sin." His text was " Except a man be born again, he cannot see the Kingdom of Heaven." The prcachcr said that Isicodemns made a wrong estimate of the n?ed of mankind, and, therefore, of the office of the Saviour of men, when he spoke of Jesus as "a Teacher come from God." If ignorance alone lay at the bottom of human troubles, then a teacher would have been a suf ficient Saviour. Jesus corrected the false estimate with the words of the text. Ignorance is not the foundation of human miseries, but sin is ; and, therefore, something other than teach ing is necessary. Such is the damage wrought by sin that nothing less than absolute renewal of the spiritual nature win make man capable of intercourse with God. From this we may judge of the' heinousness of sin, although the tendency of much modern philosophy and of not a little modern Chris tianity is to overlook sin as a factor in human life. The church bears witness to the " Sinful ness of sin" first through the Sacraments. Baptism testifies to the necessity of the new birth, while, by the operation of the Holy Ghost, it is God's means of bringing that birth about. Holy Communion, the nourishment of the new born soul, is the perpetual • warning against the danger of falling into sin. Face to face with this sacrament, the lapses which men palliate in themselves are clcarly seen in sin. Hence the abstention of many from communion. The daily services of the church with their con fession and absolution, the two great seasons of penetance, and the fact that at the last moment of all the church urges the dying Christian to make full confession of sin lest he should ap pear before his Judge with unpardoned trans gressions. These all form a perpetual warning not lightly to be led into sin,and having sinned, not to forget the awful nature of offences against God. The services will be continued to-morrow, when, owing to the unavoidable absence of the archdeacon, the Rev. W. C. SadH-jr will preach on "The Witness of the Church to Holy Writ." 