~' ~ AGaIOUL3TU3I~IT TH~E DAIRY FARER~E. (By W. B. Hoard, Editor "Bard's rDairyman." U.S.) '' A wondarfully great and complex in. d terest is this modern dairy industry. hIt is a long line of intricate problems, Sfrom the cow in the stable on the humble farm home, up through themaodern oheese t factory or creamery, the modern roefrigs. rater car, the modern railroad, the great army of middlemen, jobbers, and dealers, Sthe modern c old storage wanrehouse, the niedern ocean steamship-a great floating a refrigerator, another army of jobbers and Sdealers, to the month of the final consumer a across the water. Every step of this wonderful food high V way, after the milk leaves the cow, is lit up w ith the intense light of modern ideas, Smodern methods, modern economies. No. Sti ace anywhere on the line but Yet this great interest rests upon the caw, hack there in the farm stable. She is in the hands of the former. Every thing in this great procession must wait for hiss. Science, invention, capital and enterprise have done about all they can do for the fate of his product. New what will he do for bimoelf P We have come to a point where the future fate of Americazn dairying (that is, the I Sdairying of Canada and the United States) rests on the way the farmer will Sadapt himself to the necessities of the I hour, Believe me, this great dairy interest, I both in Canada and the United States, is now in the greatest; peril of its whole history. Only one man can decide its I -fate. 'Ilhat is the farmer. SThe oncoming march of competition Sfrom every side; the rapid development of the industry in Australia, Now Zealand, South America; the progress of invention in the way of improved machinery, cold s torage, cheap rail and ocean transports.i tion; thj prospac~tive opening of dairy production in northern Europe and Asia- all point to a great increase of the supply of dairy food in one form or another. In the meantime the foreign demand is still in old lines and channels, and mostly confined to England. Now, most; of this march of progress and 1 improvement applies to the dairy product;I cflcr it leaves the farm, not before. It is this stubborn fact, so dimlyl seen by the farmer, which has caused me great solicitude. The chain is no I stronger than its weakestl link. Think of this: As a whole, the Canadian and United States~dairy farmers are producing milk as expensively as they ever did. Beyond the farmer, a wonderful reduc- Il tion in expense has taken place in twenty. five years. Bnt the majority of cow far. mere are just where they were twenty-five years ago. Unless these sleeping farmers wakle up pretty seen they will be forced out of the business. The merciless march of competitionl .must apply to them as it does to every I other man. They will ho ground to powder between two great millstones. The prognress and improvement in the cost of producing milk, and the' consequent butter and cheese, in other I countries, together with cheap, safe, and quick transportation therefrom to the con Ssinming market- this is the upper mill stone. The nether is a steady and unyielding refusal, on thepart of the farmer, to study how to reduce the cost of producing milk I to a point that will defy foreign competi. tions bow best to accommodate himself to the overmastering demand for cheaper dairy food; how to put more and more in teolligent thought and calculation into the farm end of this great business. I most; earnestly believe that the actual cost in labor anmd capital per hundred pounds is just as great writh ninety farmers out of every one hundred to-day as it waos twfenty~five years ago. lie must make~ up his mind and shape his methods to produce milk at a large per cent, lees of cost per hundred pounds, or he will be forced to quit; the business. I say to you that, in my belief, a large per cent. of the distress and complaint among our farmers is not alone because of hard times, but because they have not learned the great lesson of the age, which I is cheaper production. Every other link in this great chain is adjusting itself to this great lesson. That is the only way they keep up their profit. The moment the milk leaves the farm it goes out on a new road, where an intelli gent, vigilant watch is kept over every cent, ef expenes, to see that that cent. deoe its larrreet work-. Is th~e farmer doing this with the milk before it leaves the farmT Now, there are three leading factors in this problem which the farmer must keep in constant consideration, as guide lines. They are:- (I.) The cow, W~hat must; she beT and how fed and handled ? (2.) The farm. W~hat must .that beT How managedP (3). The result. The cost of milk; per of mhundred pounds. ta ol almo'st be willing to guarantee an increase offrom ISO to 150 per cent, in the profits of Ievery dairy farmer in Canada inside of five years if ho would guide himself. by the I best modern thought on each of these three points. You may have the best cows in the world, but if you manageo them badly you will fail. You may be the most sktilful feeder, but if you have poor cows to con sume your food you will fail. You may have both good cows and good Sskill as a feeder, yet, if you are a pear soil manager and do nit growf the milk-food crops wisoly, do not keep up the fertility and prodnoing power of your farm, you will fail again. Cross the bordsr into New York, and I w ill show youtheworkrings of these mighty truths in the old dairy districts there. I will show you an absolute depreciation of the fertility of the soil in the last forty years, so that hundreds of farms cannet Sproduce within 30 or 50 per cent. as much cow food as they formerly did. Go to Wisconsin, where different ideas prevail as to cows and farm management, and I will show you a. nonstant increase in the price of farm lands for the past thirty years. The result stares every man in the face : I) How much dose my milk; cost me per 100 peonds ? It is a ghost that will not down. SEvery poor cowf makes its coot more. Every per cent.in decline of productivitness Sin your soil makes it cost more. The market for butter and cheese never asks what your milk costs you. It does not care. It supposes you are wise enough to ask it for yourself. Are you? The market is only concerned about two (things: The amount offered and the quality. Nine out of ton farmers aro look ing at the market end, when they should i be looking at the cost end. The fate that has overtak-en Now f~orlc threatens Canada. 5The natural tendency of cheese-farming, Snearly everywhere, as I see it, and as it has been conducted, is towards a reduction in Ithe dairy quality of the cow, and a steady 5 impoverishment of the soil. It should not be so; it doss not need to ho so. SIt comes from tevo causes : t,(1). A wrongr system of chesso making; receiving~ milk by weight and not byI Squality. As a consequence the farmer is forced cut of the channel of cow improve. mont, land improvement, brain and method improvement, into a condition of indif 3ference as to these things. (2). A wrong estimate by the farmer as ato the true basis of the production of milk,. SJustthe minute hebracosup and says to ahimself, '~Henceforth I will produce muilk by the cow," and by the acre," then you r ill see him striding towards the great I, goal of true profit-a~ low cost o ml e 100 pounds, Iml e Then you will oee lins wake up to the idea of producing a good cow for himself. Then you will see him 5tedyia~ tbo deep probleme of scientific feeding. Then you will see him binadjeg Iis mnind to the etudy of soil enricisment and the production of the largest amsunt of the beet food possible. Then, too, you will sce lsims snap his fingers in the face of all foreign competitors, for he can mak-e milk chcapor than the cheapest. I pay no attention to the Olsooso factory or creamery. They are not cnooses they are resnite. The great problem that is epsono" i5 not: What shall we pay for naksngo cheese or butter ? nor is it, What shall We get a pound for cheese or butter? For wvhat man among no, by takin, thougoht unto himself, can change the gro'at market rate a penny. lint it is: Hlow can 1, ao a farmer, make as much profit at 10 cents ahundred as I once did at 100 ? Tisore is, Isewover, light ahead on this question, if mo till but seeki it. 