TUNNEL UNDER THE THAMES. Few people outside the metropolis, and not .many people Londoners, know that deep down beneath the bed of the Thames, for more than two years past, a little arroy ef men has been busy, week after week, month after month, day and night, driving east and west the twin tunnels .that are destined ultimately to connect Waterloo with the City. The outward and visible sign of this gigantic undertaking is the immense wooden staging which rears Its contorted form above the muddy waters of the river just north of Blackfriars Bridge ; and thitlier, one morning, recently, tlie writer wended his way, armed ' with the necessary permit to view the works. There is one way, and one way only, to get to the tunnels, and that is by climbing down an apparently endless series of ladders, affixed against the inside of a sort of gigantic drain-pipe—technically termed a cofferdam—which has been sunk through the Thames mud, beneath tlie river- bed, deep down into the greasy, blue clay upon which London stands. It is an eerie feeling. The round blotch of blue sky above grows smaller and "Smaller as I descend. The darkness becomes more and more profound. At first the listening ear catches perforce the swish,' swish, swish, of the river, plashing sullenly round the outside of the big, cast-iron tube. Then silence. Then, after a long interval, the sound of voices comes floating up' from the bottom of the well, mingled with the clanging of iron against iron, and the muffled throbbing of a pair of gigantic pumps. Presently I reach the foot of the shaft, and, after donning a suit of workman's clothes, plunge into one of the yawning CAVERNS THAT BRANCH OFF in either* direction. It is not an altogether pleasant experience. At intervals a bulb lamp throws a ghastly splotch of white against the grey con-' crete walls, and makes a feeble attempt to penetrate a few feet into the surrounding gloom. Elsewhere it is darkness—darkness that ni3y almost be felt. It is quite "dry, however; for the tunnel along which I am slowly making my v.'.'iy is in reality nothing more than a gigantic drain-jjipe laid east and west beneath the bed of the river. Only it is an empty pipe, into which no water from the outside is allowed to percolate. I light a cigarette, and am beginning to tfeel <iuite comfortable, when all of a sudden the two tiny steel rails that run along the centre of the floor of the tunnel begin to quiver and hum; a red light, like unto a monster eye, appears suddenly in the near distance, and the next instant I am jerked sharply back against the wall, and a whisper—which is really a shout, strangled at its birth by the approaching.roar of the locomotive—bids me make myself as small as possible. Needless to say, I obey my guide with alacrity, and a moment later a perky- looking little engine dashes past, trailing behind it a long row of "skips" filled with freshly excavated clay. It is worked by electric power with an overhead wire, the steel rails upon which the engine runs completing the circuit, and there is much spluttering of blue and red sparks under the wheels as it disappears in the direction of the shaft- Twenty minutes' sharp walking, and we find our further pi-ogress barred by a solid mass of masonry—more than 7ft thick my guide tells me—in the centre of which is " A CIRCULAR STEEL DOOR. ' / This is an air-lock, and through it we must pass if we desire to continue our explorations; all work on the "other side being performed under compressed air. Wlijle we are waiting the arrival of the lock-keeper, my guide explains briefly the system under which this compressed air is employed to prevent the water bursting in. It is all very beautiful and simple—in theory* The engineers know, or are supposed to know, how many million cubic feet of water and waterbearing strata are above their tunnel: and, to counteract the downward pressure of the superincumbent mass, they pump into that portion of the works situated between the air-lock and the tunnel-head a certain extra quantity of air. The difficulty is. of course, to know just when to stop. If you pump in too little the resultant pressure is insufficient, and tlie water comes in; too much, and you are liable to blow up the bed of the river. It is not exactly a nice sensation—that of going through an air-lock for the first time. If we could conceive of a' man, living all his life on the top of Mount Blanc, suddenly transported to sealevel. it is probable he would suffer much as I did. As soon as I was seated In the empty lock—which ,by the way. is much like the interior of a big, empty boiler—and the AIR BEGAN TO RUSH IN, a series of extraordinary and exceedingly painful sensations promptly made themselves manifest. The drums of miears were forced in until it seemed as if they must burst; and my entire body felt as if swathed in some gigantic, close-fitting and yei invisible shroud, which was being drawn tighter and tighter by a giant's grip until the blood almost ceased _to-circulate- But, worst of all,.was a horrible sense of impending suffocation, due to the lungs being unable all at once to accommodate themselves to their new. environment. I was Just about to cry out that I could' hear it no" longer, when tlie rush of the incoming ' air-blast grew pereeptibly less, and finally ceased altogether, the door opposite to that by which* we entered was swung open, and we were in the jtunnel again,' walking about under an air-pressure of 301b to the square inch. - A few moments sufficed to take us to the lunnel head, where dozens of halfbaked, -brawny giants are delving away Into'.the "unknown. There is no iron pipe above our heads now. Nothing but a thin layer of clay and mud, and the Eullen waters of the Thames, kept from overwhelming us only by that mysterious, Invisible, and yet fearfully potent air-pressure. ^ By this time, however, I suffer no inconvenience. The compressed air has penetrated to every part of my system, .the pressure within and without-the body is equal," and I feel, practically the same as before I passed through tlie lock. There Is a difference; however, and iny guide-convinces me of it bv a curious little experiment worked by myself. He bids me .whistle, and when I obediently make: the attempt, I find that I can only succeed in . producing a slight, hissing sound, the very ghost of a whistle. :as it were. . Evidently my lungs were not used to expelling air under double-pressure. Luckily, no small boys ere «mplpyed m this part of the tunnel, or what.jwoujd become of them under this restraint it .Is difficult -to conceive. Another curious >fact! The men find It t»racticallyjimpossible to boil water, the bolllng point belng 424P4 or precisely double what It is outside. A few drops heated to this ''pitch would burn -one likeyitripL JThe passage back through the air-lock^ without any untoward Incident and twenty minutes later I am sitting in the private office of the engineer of the works, jotting down a few statistics. The first pile of the "cofferdam" was, it appears, driven on 20th June, 1S94, and excavating began in November following. The tunnels are 12ft Sin in diameter, and are constructed on what is known as tlie tubular system, i.e.. each tunnel is practically one immense pipe of wrought iron, bolted together in segments, and lined throughout with cement. The total length of the line from Waterloo to the Mansion House will be a mile and a half, and there will be no intermediate stations, and, of course, no stoppages en route.— "London Daily Mail." 