Hv GOSSIP. < \- Sfoiro Ute last Issue of '"The Sjpbris- ! the difficulties' that hhft ari&n; " 4a regard to the method of playing the /remaining games hare toed settled. toye.tieaguef . at a special meeting. Jgijiea oat their, previous .MWit ifau groafiaB ni the notches were to/be- flayed ; they also 'sSetgonned the vise act of giving to match a \a!ne, jthiis assuring .yhepnhUc that tliejr would see matches stoutly, hbntested iiid tvbrtii ' witness- Srtiey decided tlmia wlii Should «fdfiift£cHir points,' iunda-.drfttr tWu, 'as jmhikto, The provision -was .also JSlale that the fdjjr. <;lal)8 now in7 the arompetfeen should " draw for the matches of last Saturday on the un- MStanding that, the club .drawn - to 5meet Geelong should play at belong. iSlngularly enough, the draw resulted Hpi the clubs baring to meet as origin- Jilly fixetL Esgehdon had to go to ISeektug, while Melbourne and Colling- 'Wood were to play on the Melbourne . Cricket Ground. There was one eon- ' tKdatitin after all tEis trouble— Geelong ' trdre at last satisfied I But tlie turn If affairs did not tend to fill the breasts of Essendon's supporters with Joy. However, the matches have been played, and their feelings are how undoubtedly those of pleasure, fcroaght about ahfiply by the achieve ment by. Eseendon's - players of a KleriqUfl Tictory over their formidable kinds'. One Of the best matched that hare been played this season was that between Melbourne and Colling wood. Thousands regretted that the match between Essendon and Geelong was being played away from Melbourne, fct wah looked forward to as likely to he a rare show of football. But those tWbo did not see the struggle for ategftemhey on the Melbourne Cricket iGround missed a treat. The weather Vrofe delightfully .crisp and bracing, but I was somewhat disappointed by Ahe attendance, especially as the pro ceeds of the league matches on Sat- Jsrday have been set apart for the benefit of the charities. Mr. E. L. nYjlson, the secretary of the League. teHs me that there will be something dike £200 handed over as a result of Hhe two matches. The V.F.A. ties were continued. Port Mel- e, the " gold medallists " of the 1, vanquished Richmond at Port urne ; while at "WilliamBtown, Melbourne were trounced. At etay, the local team scored a vic tory over Brunswick, and by so doing jbrought their performances ou a level rWlth those of North. Now that Ports .are premiers, the Interest will mainly rang to the Footscray and North Mel bourne teams, each of which will eirive hard to gain the distinction of rnnners-up — the next best thing they jean do, in view of the triumphs of Port Melbourne. A breeze from the south swept over the Melbourne Cricket Ground, and, rjuiving won the toss, the Mel bourne skipper decided upon play- . 'lug in the direction of the wind, towards the goal at the grand stand end. immediately XTCoy, the central umpire. 6et the ball in motion, the ' Collingwood ruck men broke sway, and rushed it into Melbourne's terri- . lory, Bee sending it well up on a free kick. The Magpies had made a deter mined start, little Harry Dowdell bob bing up serenely in the thickest of the : struggle. He worked the ball right Into the teeth of the goal, and sent it between the posts, scoring a behind, tnougn it looked us if a goal had been scored. The goal umpire, however, was in the best position to judge, and his decision was In favor of one point, ilbis had just followed close upon the heels of one kicked by Lanlgan. who bad marked from Snapshot Smith. Off went the Melbournians, and the play became open. To the right M'Giiils worked the ball, and Sbeahan sprint- : ad. Then Lewis got hold, and landed jit uncomfortably near the Collingwood stronghold. They were beaten off by jieme great play by Dow and Condon, HJnly to return with redoubled vigor to the attack. Robinson marked to i«ith, who put up first goal. In a .Jittle while Leith tried again with a Mhapsbot, but fortune was not with jfclm, and only a behind was the result "fit his kick. Proudfoot centred with :.4he kick off, and Pannam who was .ghost brilliant in his work, and artis- ;tlcally heat in the Btyle in which he ,Mepefitedly beat Watson, marked to jGonflbn. Skipper Strickland worked Ike ball to Dowdell, who had an un- w successful shot for goal, a grand bit of P.lay by Healing and Wood sent to tbe right centre, but the ruck of roe Magpies was too powerful for ' «eir opponents, and bore the ball in -'front, where GiUard was given a free Kick for being held. This usually Bure kick failed in Ills aim, and sent > the bail out of bounds. On the throw Ik, M'Glnis, in fearless fashion, flung himself on the ball, and centered on the left, where Moysey met it and fftrwarded; The big, bold defender, Proudfoot, relieved, but the nimble M'Glnis as smartly sent it forward to Young, who foiled in an effort to hag tbe sixer. Melbourne's particu larly weak spot was the left centre, ahd to this place, where Pannam was chowlag such conspicuous skill Col- llUgWOod played. He sent to Strick- , land, from whom Dowdell got the hall and forwarded. Sutton relieved, hud off bis kick Strickland marked. .Gregory, collaring from Strlck's kick, . tried to score, but could not manage ' It. Now the Magpies began to warm . fmh up. and right well did Melbourne roepo'nd to the call. Herring aud . Healing and Wood were working ex- ,;Oellently. They guarded their sticks well. A behind liaviug being rushed ..by Oolllngwood. Melbourne pushed ' them to the left, where Wardill whanged the oral ahead. Fry fol lowed suit, but went to grass, writli- . lug In pain, as his old injury came back to his leg. Pnnnnm, Condon, Gregory, and Hailwood forwardinl. and Melbourne were forced to defend. Another behind was registered after a rusu, ana away t o rue right L'nptcin Button sent the bail. Bore Slies ban hot off like a rifle ball, and played to Lewis. Monahan and Dick Con don were principally responsible for a change from defence to offence. The Magpies kept hard at work, and a goal was gained in a lucky manner l>v the wide awake Lee. who dashed up to where the war was raging, a couple of yards 1n frout of the goal. m:d smartly whipped the leather through. Give and take cleun play in the centre followed, and when the order 10 stop was rung out, Collingwood were lead ing by 1 goal' 4 behind#. or 10 poims. to Melbourne's 1 goal 1 behind, or 7 points. On the change of ends the visitors went forward. Hailwood being tbe first to show out. A good defence by Herring was followed by another powerful charge by Collingwood, who were showing to much better advan tage than their optioned. who felt the want of Fry Is the ruck after Ins \- accident. WGinis aud Robinson and Moysey got the bail through the 'Wood ranks, but Proudfoot Hail wood. acid Pannam seut it away ;o the Melbourne end very smartly, and Loach let drive with the best result, J PBSfaiLli Sifl tfojwll to MTHtilb. Melboutiirt 14 Gbrigtvood'senfifor -twlbe lift tiffiti, tlttting Which U«Gih!s.tt»t p gai felt a floe tad well-judged m htst From thifc to hklf-tinife 061- lingwood bad the best of it and M'Donald &hd; Doffdell added goals, thfe latter not being content with oue. He just 'succeeded lb scoring his second, and the bell rang, . At half- time the sCoxe j--Coliibgwood, 5 ffoals 5 bebinds. br 5 points;. bourne; 2 goals 2 behinds, or 14 points. For. a team to have such k big lehd from Melbourne was a bit of a sur prise to the supporters' Of the latter team. The home boys took the field with k determination to do or die. They were not Allowed to have mat ters all their own way, for the 'Wood were equally determined; Result- something good iq the way of football. Melbourne; through M'Ginls, went for ward. .Hailwood. and Williams stopped farther advance, . and play was carried to tbe stables wing. Sluie put it Into the vicinity of Melbourne's goal, but Healing and Robinson smartly whipped it . away to the other end of tbe ground. Dow centred, and Monaliah, Condon, Gregory, and Kay handled the balL which >tbey whizzed in front of the goal. It was a warm and hrtsiouB time for Mel bourne, who thought it better to allow a point io be scored than risk a goal, find bo nobody stopped it from rolling behind. Coudon marked off Strahfiu (Melbourne), and sdored Colllngwood's sixth goal Very even and fast play followed. Now. Odllingwood would attack, and then Iftelbourne would bat ter away at. Colllngwood's goal, in fro tit of which Proilflftfot worked gal lantly, performing his work in such a way as to warrant Collingwood, if they had the potter, to promote him to the rank of an officer right off. Herring aud Moysey ran the ball ahead again, and Leith. with a long and beautiful kick, hoisted a goal for Melbourne. Pan nam played to Smith, and Glllard got possession fro in the latter. He adUed a point. Some stuuning work in the centre by Pan nam was succeeded by a dash by Moysey. Then Robinson forwarded. Young seized the ball, and marked to Leith, who scored six uiore points. Melbourne had a shade the best of the bout in this quarter, which ended with the scores standing Colling wood. 6 goals 8 behlnds. or 44 points : Melbourne, 4 goals 5 bebiuds, or 29 points. Healing, Moysey. and Jen- kyiiS ran the ball to the ColUugwood end on the start ef the last quarter. GJbbs pushed Robinson, who had a fre? kick, and fired at the goal. Proud- foot marked magnificently, aud cen tred on the left, where Moysey col lared. and played to Leitli. who lauded the ball close up. Young met it. and, with a snapshot, scored Melbourne's fifth goal. Sline, Lee. aud Condon got the ball forward for Collingwood, ami after some gruelling play. Strick land marked to Kay. who punted seventh goal for the Magpies. Mel bourne again came down on Colllng wood's goal. M'Gluis doing best work. Geddes drove tbe ball straight, and Fry cleverly . . shouldered Proudfoot aside, and allowed th'e ball to roll through goal. Collingwood attacked on the bounce, and Straban. collaring, set sail along the left, running the full length of the ground, with M'Glnis shouldering off all and sundry who endeavored to stop the ruuaway. It was a fine sprint, and fully deserved the salvo of applause thai greeted its performance. Strakau finished with a kick. Leith then got bold, and hoisted another goal Seven all ! Ex citement high ! In fact, the wilduess of tbe cheering must have affected the players, for Collingwood were on the forward go. Moysey and Condon " put 'em up " to each other, and be gan to doice about like the pictures in a pocket cinematograpbe, until some body walked between them. Mean while. the play, which, like time and tide, waits for no mah. and Colling wood got in at close quarters. Smith letting go, and scoring a behiud. In a couple of minutes the bell rang, and a good, hard, honest gome resulted in a win for Collingwood by 7 goals 9 behlnds, or 51 points, to Melbourne's 7 goals 5 beliindF. or 47 >oiuts. The winners thoroughly deserved their vic tory. Their work was solid, and especially in the close work did they show superiority. For the greater part of the first half there was an apparent desire for "on your owd- ness " amongst the Melbourne men. but later on they worked well to gether. and with better results. For tbe 'Wood, Pauuam did marvellous work on the right wing centre. He got clean over Watson, who did not have a u look In " once. Thus did the Collingwood man get even on Wat son, who beat him on the wet day on which they met on 19th Juue. Siine had a harder man in Shenban to deal with on tbe other wing, but did hi6 work splendidly, especially in the second half. Strickland's best ser- vice was in the admirable way in which he handled his men. who re warded his vigilance by winning the match. Proudfoot. Dow. Williams, and Monahan, as defenders, were con spicuous. while Lee and Kay were in evidence forward, as also was Dow dell when uot in the ruck. Hail wood. Leach, Gregory, and Condon, on the ball, were too good for the men doing similar duty for the other side. The best man on tbe Melbourne side again was M'Glnis. the rover, who is as agile as ever. Lelth's work for ward was superb. He was not spoon fed. but grafted like a Trojan for his four goals. Moysey and Y'ouug wore also good in the forward division, es pecially tbe former. Rbeehan and | Lewis, in the centre, did not fail at any time. The back men were in splendid form. Healing. Suiton. Strahan. Wood, and Herring being all there. M'Coy umpired, and did his. work well. Both the Eesendon and Geelong clubs senr out their very best teams on Saturday. A very strong wind blew In the direction of the iwacli goal and for thai Geelong made plav on tbe bounce. Tbey speedily hail Essendon iu difficulty, and Larkln drew first blood, fu rbe shape of a small point. They tand the winch kept Officer and Kinuear busy defend ing. until Flynn. who bad scored a be hind. rattled the ball between tbe posts, and put up lirsi goal for the home tpflis. A rush by Rssendou caused some anxiety to the local bit's and their supporters. Hastings uud Ch'gliorn scored bebiuds in quick sue- cession. The play was very exciting, though the wiud interfered greatly with ir. Bsscndnn were shoving rare form, notwithstanding their disadvan- tage In playing against the gale, and tbe home team wore very mu<-h off ia their shooting. At quuricr time thc.v had l gonl r, bchinds, or 13 poiuts. to Essendon's 2 points. The play in rhe second term was very exdtlDg. Each side went in with n will, but the metropolitan had the best of it. though their kicking was like that of GeelougV — nono too good. Repeated efforts to break through the solid de fence of Gcclona posts were made, auil eventually Collins did the trick. At half-time the scoring was very close. Geelong having the advantage of a couple of points. Jq the third quar ter thoy twilled away from J-NNendo.q. and lost The match through their wretched shooting for goal. They put goal aKa ftitir behlnds, while Esaendon frilled lo aoore a point, it TOfi k gnuiil finish; thbugh, and tbe ctafote were freaied to die eight of a sjgreat Btryggie tor the-iippcr band; Essfeiidpn forced the fighting, and gave a find ekbiblHon of goal-getting. Tlifiy iittleg up foiif 6t friem, and finished hp winners by 6 . goals & be- hlndg. pr 35 points, to Geelong's 3 goals il behlnds, of 29 points. Vautin, Forbes, Martin, Anderson, Kearney, Oollins, Barry played best for' Essen- don, and M'Guire. MGa11iitti. Brock- well, Young, Parkin, Jim MShane, Gouway, and Flynn wfcre Geelong's best players. The' match between Port Melbourne and, Richmond. was a splendid thing— fdt tfne team, Tbe Richmond lads were outclassed, and from the start to the finish of the game Ports were not in seHoue trouble. Richmond scored all : their goals— three— by half-time, justi as Ports were getting wanned up io their work. At that period of the game Ports had to tbelr credit 5 goals 4 behlnds, and Richmond 3 goals 2 be hlnds. After that Richmond gained one point, while Ports gathered in a liatful— no fewer than 32. Ports' kicking was remarkably good, and Morton came out with six goals, which placed him bh. the pltmacle of fame. The soorefe were Pert Mel bourne, 13 goals 9 behlnds, or 87 points ; Richmond, 3 goals 3 behlnds, or 21 . points. The best men on the Port Melbourne side were Slonagle, Freatne, Fitepatrick, Morton, Powell; MGee, Cnlieu. For Richmond the following played best Backhouse. Bafaen, Levied, \Yilsou, Parker, T. Watson, and Clarke. Brunswick made matters warm for Footscray for a time, and headed them right up to the commencement of tbe last quarter. Then they died away, as Foots ctay let themselves out. They quickly overhauled the score of tbe Brunswick! ans. and won. the scores being : — Footscray. 3 goals 10 bebiuds. or 2S points ; Brunswick, 2 goals 8 bebiuds, or 20 points. The best, players were For Foots? cray, McCarthy, Dick. Kruse, Powell, Kutley, Kettle, Dean. For Bruns wick—Gorman, Clough, Filer. O'Logh- len. a. Snell, Mudge, Johnson. Samp son. In my " Snap Shots " last week, -I mentioned that Diuny M'Kay wad lying in the Melbourne Hospital. At the time I wrote the paragraph, 1 caused inquiries to be made at the hospital as to his condition, and re ceived the Information that he was doing fairly well. Poor old Diuny J Little did I think that lie would be dead before' the ink was dry on the paper. He sank, and breathed his last on Wednesday night. The cause of dea' ras an internal complaint, having jeen brought about. I am told, by a blow accidentally received, ujs body was burled yesterday io the Mel bourne General Cemetery, and the funeral was attended by representa tives of all the senior, and many of tbe junior, football clubs of Mel- bourne. M'Kay had shown good form this season for his club— South Melbourne— and his comrades were deeply affected wheu they heard of his death. He leave? a widow and two young children lone being ill) in poor circumstances. The South Mel bourne dub on Thursday evening held a meeting, at which it was arranged to open subscription listF. Cyclists have also promised to show their sym pathy in a practical form, while it is very probable that a benefit foot ball match will be played. The Fitz- roy club has contributed two guiueuK to the fund. The League will also contribute, while each of the other football clubs will send along a cheque to help the widow and orphans in their hour of need. The result of the match between : North Melbourne aud W'ilJiainstowu was one of the greatest surprises this season, the senslders simply " romp ing home." North wore without the services of some of the best men. whilst the 'Town's eighteen were " ell off the top." it was not until the final quarter that North had a say in tbe game,t when they showed that their lasting powers were much bel ter than those of the seasiders, but when the final bell rang tbey had to return home badly beaten by a team which, on performances, should be much nearer the top of the list tbau it is. The 6core6 were Williams- town, 9 goals 7 bebiuds. or hi points ; Nortb Melbourne. 2 goals G behlnds. or 17 points. Gibbs was the best of the forwards ou the winning side. aud. besides bagging three goals, played a good game throughout. Guthrie. M'Klnley. Dyson. Scott. Barae. Fa- pan. Warren also played well : while North's beet men were Ootes. Noonan. Launder <2), Grnli&m;, Griereon. uud Carlton. Bendigo. The Bendigo and North Bendigo teams met on Wednesday. The senior team scored a victory by 5 goals 30 behind# to North's i goal 1 behind. Ogilvie.Iuglefinger. Graham, M'Georgc, and Roberts played best for the win ners. and MSnoguc. Lewis 12), aud Thomas for North Bendigo. Eagle- hawk defeated Sandhurst on Wednes day. the scores being Eaglehawk. 0 goals 5 behlnds : Sandhurst, 2 goals 3 behinds. For Eaglehawk the l»cst players were — Wood. Davies, Hamilton. Torter. Cairns, and Ward : and for Sandhurst— Heine. Loughman. .Tones, Mueller, M'Donald. aud Boll. The points for tbe prcraicrshiu scored by each club are Eaglehawk, 42 ; South Bendigo. 30 : Bendigo, 14 j Sandhurst. 12 ; North Bendigo. S. Premiership List, 1897. THE LEAGUK — SECOND ROUND. i Clubs £ S : jcie £ £2 J |c 1 E«wndon I — f— 4 j 4 | 3 CD CoHiwrwood .. .. 1 — — J 4 J 4 ! 100 Melbourne — 1 i — |S — i — Q«eloup — 1 . — j 4 J — j — THE ASSOC! ATJ OX. Port Melbourne .. ..! ! 2 — 6? ! 0" j & North ildbonnie . . ..j 11 c — »;» « $4 PootMintv .. . . 1? ' C j — CS 44 ! 6t Wiili&n.stcuii; .. .. je , : 1 »:& u : ft Brunswick ! $ I 14 — «-5 . 12 1? Ririusuu') .. .. ..I £ 1 34 ' 1 G. 10 ' 14 