THE EVANGELICAL PROPHET. By Dr. Alex. Whyte. The now well-known name that St. ?Jerome first gave to Isaiah out of his cave at Bethlehem is a great name. There is no greater name that Old Testament prophet or New Testament preacher can ?bear. Feeling very sure that I did not know all that Jerome meant in his great name that he gave to Isaiah, I took down .Dr: Murray's New English Dictionary, and turned to the part containing the word ' evangelical.' All who are able should order Dr. Murray's magnificent dictionary. You can have no idea what an ancient, what a noble, what a deeply-rooted, and what a far-branching name that was, that -Jerome gave to Isaiah till you have read through the seven quarto columns ?that Dr. Murray, with such exact scholar ship, and with suoh exquisite - care fulness, gives to it. Beginning with Isaiah, the greatest preachers have all along been ?evangelical preachers. There is every thing in the Evangel of the grace of God and of the work of Christ to make every man who preaches it a great preacher: and, besides the Evangel, there is nothing to inspire, or to uplift, or to empower and ♦mbolden any preacher. From Isaiah to Spurgeon the evangelical succession has run on through Paul, and Augustine, and Luther, and Calvin, and Knox, and Ruther ford, and Baxter, and Bunyan, and Edwards, and Wesley, and Chalmers. And the great doctrines that have made ?all those great men such great 'preachers are all what we call the doctrines of grace. They are very bold doctrines; but then, they were all given by divine in spir&tion; to Isaiah aud to Paul, and they are all backed up in the preacher of our day by the authority of the Word of God, and by the testimony of the Spirit of God, and by the deepest and best and surest experiences of nineteen centuries both of the best preaching and the holiest life. They are such doctrines as — the image of God in the bouI of man ; the dreadful depravity and loathsome corruption cf the soul of man by reason of original and in-, dwelling sin ; the spotless heart and life, and the sin- atoning death of Jesus Chritt ; the mission and work of the Holy Ghost in the spiritual enlightenment of the soul, and its new birth to God and holiness : and the gradual but sure sanctification of the renewed scul to the fulness of eternal life for ever. Isaiah did not preach explicitly, and in as many words, all these evan gelical doctrines, but they are all latent and involved in his preaching; and had he lived in our day he would have preached them all as boldly and as unceasingly as Wesley or purgeon Spreached them. The great evangelical books you all know at least byname ; the great evangelical hymns we sing in our families and in our own hearts every day; and the great evan gelical hopes form great pare of our evangelical preaching to you every Sabbath day. 