HOWARD'S ! HOLOGAUBF. DOINGS AT '* DARUNGHURST. No. VL HENRY jAMls O'FARRELL, A Lunatic. HIS TRIAL, AND EXECUTION, For Shooting the Dulse of Edinburgh at Clontarf. The liiaicia Gbosl Scare. An urungv tietu *».«.}? The Yellow Pup off the Chain. Some Beminiaiccnccsof the Insti tution and its Members. Mast years ago a bumptious indiTidoal named Alexander introduced into New South Wales an institution, which, ae a people pre TiottEly living in amiiv and friendship, Aus tralians could Teiy well nave doce without. Xbe introduction of ' Loyal Orangeiem ' into Kew South Wales was the first instrument In Bowing discoid in a hitherto peaceful and contested community ; of setting class Igaiast class, creed against creed, and man against man. What claim the ' institution ' has tor calling itself ' loyal ' is very difficult to determine. Certainly the present occupant of the British Throne has no occasion lo be thankful to the 'institution.' cor has anyone of her numerous descendants any reason to estend their gratitude to the members who claim to be 'loyal.' In the closing year of the life of ' Silly Billy,' who is known in British history as William IV, this 'Loyal Institution.' endeavored to have the ORANGE, DUKE OF CUMBERLAND, aauiod as the king's successor. Fortunately lor lingiand and her people the Prime Minis ter of the day, Viscount Melbourne, was vqual to the occasion, and refused to intrigue Pwitb. ;li e opponents of the claims of the Duke fvf Ke-« 'e little daughter. The 'institution' 'certainly threa'ened to tick little Vicky's 'crown into the Thame?, but the threat ended 'in nothing, as the Diamond Jubilee of tbe Queen, just celebrated, distinctly proves. The history of this Orange intrigue is extant and written in very choice English, but epace will not permit of its being (.?one into, at any length, in this issue of Tecth. At no lims in New South Wiles, had ftr.ingisra tuoli unbridled license, as whey *^i lunatic I Ff* HENRY JAME OP&.RRELL \- attempted the life of ta Duke of Edinbnrgh, ' at Clontarf, in March, 16U8. In that wild i time the 'yellow-pup ' was off the churn and c apped and snarled with much vigor. He hid shown bis tangs and yelped on a former occasion in Melbourne. The writer remem bers the first night of the Duke ia that oiiy ; ? the illuminations were general and every Eeetion of the community joined in what was looked upon as a holiday rejoicing. The in dividual, Alfred, wa3 little thought of, the people meant to have a holiday, and a holiday without being marred was looked for. But tbe Orange lodges determined that there should be a 'shindy, ' and tiue to their in stincts, they had another about last July, at Brunswick, a Melbourne suburb. In the Dulse's time, before his visit to Sydney, be it remembered, the Orangemen had a flaming, intuiting illustration over the Protestant Ball, in Stephen-street, opposite the Eastern Markets, Melbourne. The streets, ot coarse, were crowded, thousands passed up Stephen itreet, at night, when the pioture was illu minated. It was taid, but never distinctly proved, that A STONE WAS THROWN at the picture. Certainly the picture was un injured, a stone was produced and declared to have been found on the floor of tbe uppor room of the Hall building. All that caa be said on this point is that the stone-thrower wa» a very bad markman, (he could not have been a Tipperary boy). Be that as it may, the members of tbe ' loyal ' fraternity, men who are always boasting of their 'brotherly love,' even for those who differ from them ia politics and religion, deliberately opened fire upon the crowd in the street — one man being killed on tbe spot, a second mortally wounded and several otters injured, If the writer's memory serves him, at least three men iost their lives at the hands of the 'loyal' supporters of Queen Viotoria, When Dr Youl, the coroner, who has just joined the 12,000 persons whom he inquested, came to enquire into the death, the 'loyalists,' who were at the windows of the Protestant Hail, had lo disclose themselves. The readers of TxiTn muat not imagine that they are now reading fiction. The writer lived in the neighborhood where the parties implicated resided. The result of the coronial enquiry wan the arrest of a well to do timber mer chant of Brunswiok-Etreet, Fitzroy, two of biB nephews and some other persons im plicite-1. The timber man was , - ' a black: northern, ? « native' o£ Dewy, An old watchmaker, who lived immediately opposite the timber yard, made no secret of the fact that he had seen the young men, the nephews, at practice with pie'.ols :n the yard the day before the shots trera fiied into the crowd. At the trial, hon ever, his 'neighborly' instincts prevailed »nd he wag more or lesi oblivions as to which nephew was at tbe target If ever jury packing was resorted to in Melbourne it was on the ocauion of this trial. The ' stand aside' to every Irish name on John Norton's trial for sedition wasn't a oiroumstanoe to it Not only was every Irishman and every man bearing the semblance of an Irish name, left off the jury, but every catholic, no matter of what nationality, was rudely objected to. Beyond this, no leas than three neighbours of the timber-men, to the worker's knowledge, were on the twelve ' good men and true ' — God save the mark — who tried the case. What result could be expected other than an acquittal ? The murders of at least three men are to this day, unavenged. The writer ie a bit of a ' Black Northern ' himself, and town of Ballibay, in the county of Uonag han, is permeated with OrangeUm. Its champion at the time of the occurrence of the incident was one Samuel Gray, about whom eome doggerel was written which ended with Here is Mr Samuel Gray The Prot&tant; hero of B«lllbaj.' Sam was on a wild tear onoe, during the time of the Orange agitation for the Duke of Cumberland, a man lost his life in the main street of £ailibay, by a pistol shot tired by the Protestant 'hero.' The caBe was too glaring, even for the Orange police lo over look, and Sam was sent for trial at the assizes. One would imagine that in the interests of justice the venue of the trial would be changed. Not a bit of it Grap was tried at the county town, Monaghan, 10 miles distant, and if anything, a greater hot bed if Orangeiem tlian ite neighbour, Ballibay, The case for the Crown was being proved up to tbe hilt. For the defence a Presbyterian clergy man gave evidence that he attended the death bed, a mon\h previously, of a Ballibay man, who confessed that it was he who fired the shot which killed tbe man, for whose murder Sam Gray was then under eoiamiual. This clergyman was a perfectly honest wit ness; Mb evidence gamed the acquittal of Gray, who returned triumphant to his be loved Ballibay. But Gray, ia his jubilation, over-reacted himself somewhat. Some years after, the secret leaked out, the grave of the REPENTANT SINNER was opened at ' dead of night,' and tbe coffin found to oontain etonee. Verily, Alexander had a lot to be proud of when he introduced into Australia the 'institution ' of which Sam Gray wai such a distinguished orna ment, It is not known whether O'Farrell was ia Melbourne at the time of the Stephen-street shooting, but that he was in Sydney in Alarob, 16tit?, ;??; without saying. The SYDNEY SAILORS' HOME was in that year in its infancy, and ite com mittee thought that the presence of the Duke of Edinburgh in Sydney would be a favorable opportunity for raising fundB. Accordingly a picnic was projected ; the grounds at Clontarf, Middle Harbor secured -, a strong working commutes formed; and a euccmbi'uI function predicted. The attendance was enormous. All New Souttt Wales (and it) wife) vroul.l appear to have followed in the wake of Prince Alfred wherever lie went, &ir; » imam ju. Planning, was men, ana lor many years afterwards president of tbe Sailors' Home. While the Duke was engaged in conversation with Sir William, (ho latter said that Prince Alfred waa promising a cheque in aid of the tu^ds. Ii he did give one the probability is that the British Parliament was called upon to vote the sum as it was called upon to do in tha case of every present the Duke made while in Australia. Even the cost of the scarf piss which he gave Captain blandish, Captain McMahon, aud others in Melbourne, were in the schedule placed be fore the Jdouee of Commons. T.iis by way of parenthetic While the Prince and Sir William were engaged in oocversxtion, a well-dressed man woe seen to approach, and without word or warning, fire a revolver point blank at the Prince. The ball entered at the ^rnall of the back and tbe luck ess Prince fell to the ground. The persons in the jmmediale vicinity of Prince Alfred, were Sir William Manning, Air William Vial, a coaohbuilder of Oaatlereagh-streei, Mr George Thome, a visitor from Queensland, and ilr J T McMahon, now superinteodant of tbe mail branch at the General Post Offioe, Amongst this little knot of gentlemen, Sir William Manning appears to have bean the only one who considered that SELF PRESERVATION was the liret law of nature, Seeing tha shootist again raiaiog the revolver, Sir William, in the language of the ring, 'got down to avoid punishment.' Mr McMahon, placing himself in the line of fire, stooped to raise the fallen Prince, while Mr Vial eecured the maniac's right arm above the elbow, so as to divert the coming shot. Seeing there wag same riek ia the position, Mr Vial grasped the wriet of the man with .the revolver, which btd the effect of discharging the weapon into the heel of poor Mr Thome, The pluck of Mr Vial and tbe cool-headed* ness of Mr MoMahon, without doubt, saved the life of the Prinoe. Had his life depended upon the bravery of Sir William Manning, the throne of Coburg and Qolha would bow be occupied by someone* else. The as sailant of the Prince proved to be O'FarrelL and a stranger in Sydney. Mr Vial held him as in a vice, but O'Farrell eeems to have cooled down in a moment. The ire of the crowd was raised, and with the greatest diffi culty O'Farrell was got on board the steamer. Even when on board and strongly guarded by police, the crowi clamored for him, and the captain appeared to waver in his duty, until MB, AFTERWARDS SIR, JOHN HAY, who was on the bridge, peremptorily ordered him to steam ahead. O'Farrell* was taken straight to Darlinghurst tie was in a sorry plight from the rough handling he had had at tbe hands of the crowd. Neatly every ebred of clothing was torn from the upper part of his person, his face was battered and bruised beyond recognition, and it took many days in the Gaol hoapital to bring him round, When Mr McMahon attended at Darlinghurst nest morning for the purpose of identifying him, he scarcely recognised him. The pre liminary enquiries, whieh should have taken place in open court, wero heard in secret in Darlinghurat. A special compilation was appointed to try the charge, Judge Cheeke, of racing memory, preiiding. The Prince was wounded on the 12 March and on the 30th O'Farrell was brought to trial. Mr James Martin Q.O., who gained his Knightbcod over the oaee, waa Atiorney-Ueneral and li. M. Isaacs, Solicitor-General, appeared to prose cute, while BUTLER COLE ASFINALL the well-known Victorian barrister came from Melbourne with Mr Thomas Pavey, tbe solici tor, tn defend the lunatic. Associated with AEpinail in the defence was WILLIAM BBDE DALLEY The expense of the defence was borne by O'farreU's sister, a true woman, who stood by her unfortunate brother throughout the whole trying time. Strange as it may seem, no effort was made to, postpone the trial on account of the heated state of the public mind. Aspinall did apply for a postpone ment in order to obtain witnesses from Mel bourne end BallaraU No objection was made to a short postponement, bat Isaacs suggested that a list of the witnesses should be banded to the Crown, in order that strictninquiry should be made as to character. Martin's common sense prevailed, and he sat upon his colleague's proposal. Amongst the witnesses examined was, of course. Sir William Man ning. This 'digniiied' old lawyer, gave evidence of what he saw, or at least, what hie nervousness would permit him to see. He forgot, however, that he had to call medical assistance to himself, and that Surgeon Williams found him very 'prostrate ' indeed. Sir Williams' injuries were not serious; it was found that when he got down to ' avoid punishment,' he simply soiled his breeches— on the inner lining. ' Vulgar people do say that the learned lawyer, in his fright, simply committed a fundamental offence against him self when falling, Henry James O'Fvrell was biro, ia the CITY OF DUBLIN in the thirties, and wai brought to Port Phillip, now Victoria, early ia the forties. While still a young man, O'Farrell was sent to Ireland for his education. His intention was to study for the priesthood, but he returned to Melbourne after a few years a rsuch disappointed man ; it was said that he had taken certaia religious vows but failed to reach the standard required for ordination ' to the eacred calling he was anxious to follow. The probability is that during his college career in Ireland, he exibited eccentricities which induced the authorities to send him down. Anyhow his failure preyed upon his mind, and his eccentricities became moie marked. The year IStii found him ia the golden city of Ballarat, engaged in the produce trade. During the few years he remained there, bis peculiarities became more pronounced. At his trial, many respectable witnesses came over to give evidence of hie eccentricities immediately prior to his appearance in Sydney. That insuaity ran in the family, has eince been incontestibly proved, even many Sydney people are convinced now that he was a maniac. Mr Vial, junior, now the head of his firm, is a strong believer in the man's insanity. There is some mystery hangiug over the death of O'Furroll, senior, and one brother PATRICK ANDREW CHARLES O'FARRELL. a well-known Melbourne eoiicitcr, at one time enjoying a leading practice, was iusaue enough 10 shoot at Archbishop GoolJ — years after the Clontarf affair — and underwent imprisonment for his mad act. lie was not charged with shooting wita intant to kill, there was no O ange scare about when this madman tried lo shoot the Archbishop, aud the Ciovrn prosecuted on the minor charge. Ihis O'Farrell had been confidential solicitor to the Archbishop, and his man of business, but he left Melbourne hurriedly aud settled in California. After many years he returned and waited upoa Dr Goold, who, bowever, refused to eee him. lie considered that the Archbishop bad done him an injustice some how oa a former oocasion, aud the refusa. to eee him rankled ia his breast, henca his at tempt first time he caught sight ot Dr Gooid, to put an ounce of lend into the ecclesiastic. The writer was present at the trial of this O'Farrell for a libel on aoothet well-known Melbourne man, MICHAEL JOHN PAGE HANIFY. The latter was Chief Clerk at the Polie; Courts, and O'Farrell made a gross charge that Hainfy was not the father of one of his alleged own children, but that tbe honor belonged to K. D. Irol&ad;, Q.C., and politi cian. Hainiy prosecuted criminally. O'Farrell was found guihy, and Judge Barry sentenced him to pay e fine oil £50, and be imprisoned until the fine wai paid. In melodramatic fashion O'Farrell pulled out his pocket-book, selected a bank note for £50 from a roll, and hauded it to 'LONG' JAMES MoKEAN, who was then his clerk, and desiring him to pass it to the Judge's Associate, turned on hie heel and left the Court. T--' thud brother was a clerk in the Victoria Lands Department and mads a sad mess of things. In September, 1872 a deficit of £14,000 was disooTored in his accounts ; he absconded, but ultimately gave himself np to justice at Singapore, waa brought baok to Melbourne and sentenced ' to 14 years' imprisonment. In gaol he deve loped insanity. A sister died a few years ago Mother Superior of a Convent in Tas mania. Another Bister married a prominent Victorian civil servant. It waa this sister who so nobly stood by her brother Henry in his great trouble. She came and gave evi dence of his eccentricities, and remained in Sydney until all was over. A connexion of the family married a well-knows (now re tired) cricketer. Whoa a certain distin guished batsman came to Australia, and met in the field that particular cricketer, he declared that had he known that anj relative of the man who had attempted the lift of fhe ' dear Prince ' was to play he would not have played against him, Ta the credit of the Australian erioketers, they stood by theircbum, and the haughty Englisher gave in win tbe best grace ho could. Not only did he meet him in Melbourne, but he played against him in Sydney, almost in eight of the spot where his mad relative snded his earthly career. Henry James O'Farrell was a man of fine physique, standing within an inoh of 6 feet, with a military air. While awaiting execu tion he was vieite 1 by . U' ?'?' . ? ... . ARCHBISHOP POLDING, who had 'confirmed him ia Meibburn 1846, The interview between Dr Polding and the condemned man was moat touching, I he good old Arohbishop completely breaking . Sown before liaving the cell. Another die LinguUhed olstie who visited O'Farrell ia his list days was ARCHDEACON MoENCROE, ffhoae name will be handed down to after jgos as one. of the most energstib of the email band ot Cajhalio prieit* who, in the thirties, bkjMged fof .J|« good of, aouls in lAgdomj Ihe Archdeacon died toon after 0'FwreU's jxecution. ARCHDEACON McENCROE, It was, however, FATHER JOHN DWYER who attended to tbe spiritual welfare of tbe condemned man, and who prepared him to meet the dread hereafter. The scare con tinued op to the moment of the execution, April 21. The authoritUs professed them selves afraid of an outbreak, and had a strong body of police in attendance at No 3 Watch house, and in the grounds of the Receiving House immediately opposite the gtal gite. There was also a company of soldiers of the 50th Kegiment, under arms, in the court house. All these precautions were uoneoei eary, as the orowd assembled outside the gaol FATHER JOHN DWYER. was most orierly. There was no conspiracy, c msequently no outbreak. The oondeuuei man had only 'conspired ' with himself, and he cheerfully paii the DEATH PENALTY. O'Farrell was the last man hanged at Darling hurst on the old- style platform. He aeoended the step-ladder without aisistance. The assistant- executioner. Klliott, attempted to assist him, Uklng him by tha arm; but O'FaTrell appeared to loath* the idet. and epurned the offer with indignation. Before placing hinuelf under tbs baara, he made - ehort statement to tha eSect that there wss no conspiracy, no Fooian combination, and that he had no connection with any othor person. Bull, the chief executioner, FAT AND FROWSY, who ended his days in the Liverpool Asylum, did his work well and quickly, aud O'Farrell died without a struggle. Present at the exe cution were over 10O persons, amongst then being members of the Legislature, Justices of the Peace, and many so called 'leading' citizens. Amongst those who signed the certificate that the exec lion had been duly carried out and the ' geaoce of the liw satisfied were WALTER GOMERY. the actor, ana toady in general to the Dnke of Edinburgh and EDMUND HAMMOND HARCJRAVES. the reputed first discoverer of gold in Aus tralia, a circumstance very much disputed sinoe. Montgomery fainted and had to be carried out of the crowd. O'Farrell left behind him a written state ment which was sealed and handed to the Colonial Secretary, Henry Parkes. This statement was made outside tile Confessional, to Father John Bwyer, who took the pre caution to keep a copy. Tae wisdom of this act will be seen later on. Ihe good eistw who took such an interest in her ill- fated brother, taw the last funeral rites performed at Hoslam's Greek. On the morning following O'Farrell 's mad attempt, il was ascertained thit the lunatic had lodged at the ' Cttrrenoy loan ' Hotel, at the corner of Hunter end Pitt Street!, where tha 'Em Dire' now stands, and at the south. east corner of Bridge and George Streets. To these two houses Henry Parkes went, accompanied by two policemen, and made a diligent teatoh ia O'FarraU's. luggage, but nothing inoriminating was discovered. Not a scrap of paper whioh would show that the alleged Fenian had any accomplices, either in Sydney or anywhere else. Parkes, not *.. ., « ... .i* i. _ s ? J_; ? ... ? ;*!_ eatisnea wnn mis, naa au interview wuu O'Farrell in Darlinghurrt Gaol, and while the poor wretch was like a rat in a trap, and believed he wa« merely in conversation with the Colonial-Secretary, Parkes had a reporter within earshot who took down every word that was nttersd. That reporter was Mr Samuel Cook, now General-Manager of the 1 Sydney Morning Herald.' O'FurreU'i crime caused tbe passing of the TREASON FELONY ACT which, however, was to exist for two years only and was not re-enacted. The anomalies of this Aot, and the penalties to whioh paraojs were subjected under it, wen f ally exposed hj Mr John Norton when on his trial for (edition eome months ago, Parket denied that lie bad, hand, aot, orpart in pissing tbe Act, but as he was Colonial- Secretary at die time, his denial is sot worth much. Farkes dtoUred in Parliament, that a new kind of crime had been diecovered in the colony. ' Paxkes at that time represented Kiama, and to his constituents ha made this statement : ' We „« fni.f ? His nolice were told in tbe ordinary way of information — long before the Duke of Edinburgh landed on these shores, that his life would ba attempted,' and, further on in the same speech he slid, ' I do not hesitate to say here, that I have ia zav poisession evidence, which I can pioduce tt any moment, that will satisfy every unbiassed mind in the country that we had just aad large grounds for every step of precaution whioh we, as a government took, and though perhapi we, *s a government, might have been content to aijow this damning evidence to have re mained unknown, still if we are to be taunted, misrepresented and vilified by a oomplete storm of lies, we may in justification of our selves, yet see fit to lay it before the world, I have evidence in -my possBssion, and I can produco it at say tnement. . I eta produce evilmce attestod by affidavits, which leaves no doubt oa my mind that not only was the murder ot the Prince planned, but that some parson who' wss in the seortt, and whose fidelity was suspected, was foully murdered before tbe attack was finally made upon th9 Prince,' After Parkes retired from the Colonial 6eoretarysblp, whioh lie did in September — fire months after O'FarrelPs execution — but -while still iu Parliament, he repeated these statements at Jamberoo, at the same tin* dwluiog that (00 if will MB -? ?? stables bai baeu sworn ia to guard tbe Prince. The Kiama statement brought up MR WILLIAM McLEAY a nun who hated shams of every description and who frem hie training, eJucJtion, aad associations oan not by any possible reasoning be looked upon as a sympathiser with O'Farrell or his crime. Mr ilcLoay moved that the sealed paper — O'Farrell's dying statement — be laid upon the table of the House. This Parkes refused to' do, but in this act he counted without his host. MoLeay produced tbe copy which Father Dwyer htd taken the precaution to secure, and for this alleged dereliction of his duty as a Government servant, the priest was dis missed, bj Parkes, from his sffioe as chaplain of the gaol. Mr MoLeay secured the ap pointment of a committee which consisted of himself, John Kobertson, Henry Pukes, Saul Samuel, Geoffrey Eagar, Stephen Brown, James Horkins, and Jobn Stewart No less than thirty eight witnesses were examined, witnesses from the police force, the gaol, tbe churches; from, all sections of the commu nity likely to throw light on the matter. Pastes gave evidence, the only member of the Executive Council who did, though another member of the Executive, Geoffrey Eagar, was on the oommittee. James Martin positively 'refused to attend. As premier he knew well that the alleged conspiracy to mur der Prijce Alfred was never mentioned either in the Cabinet or the Executive. The In spector-General of Police, John MoLerie, proved that the police at least had ao know ledge, before the actual aot of O'FarxalL of any intention to murder Prince Alfred, nor had he or any of the police ufflcBie taken extra ordinirv or other nrnftantiona to nreffint assassination. The Inspeelor-OeneraL, ia a report dated August 10, 1868, emphatically declared that there was no conspiracy for murdering tbe Duke in tUU country. On the night af tat the shooting at Cloatarf, while addressing the Legislative Assembly, Martin declared that then was no suspicion tbat such aa occurrence would take place, and that no precautions were ta.ken to prevent suoh an occurrence. If Parkes possessed the information which he said he had, and with held it from his colleagues ia the Govern ment, he must be held to be an accessory before the fact in the O'Farrell crime. The investigation by the Macleay committee com pletely vindicated the people of the province, especially THE IRISH CATHOLICS, and deafly proved that the conspiracy of murderous treason, sought to be fixed upon the country and ite people, existed only in the political brain cf Henry Parkes. There aro bat few other iierru in conneclioj with O'Farrell to be mentioned. The clots in Sydney refused to extend the usual courtesy of honorary memberuhip lo Mr Aipinall; but the Prince, to his credit ba it said, after his recovery openly consorted vcith the barrister. And in Melbourne, on bis second visit, accepted Aspinalls hospitality at bt lulda. Mr V. Via. had presented to him, by the Prince, a valuable gold iratoh and chain, but the fcion of royalty forgot to pay tie en graver some £3 odd for the inscription. Mr Vial paid it, and the amount ia owing to this day, and likely to remain owing. The Queen is understood to have oeen 'generous' to Mr 'Vial's aged mother, living then in England. From the privy purse she authorised a pension of £-0 a year. New South Wales has judieally murdered many madmen, under both the 'system' and the new regime, but probably no cr^ater ? crank ' was ever jerked into eternity thaa Henry James O'Farrell. Let us take what view we will of laud' owning and the landed classes, let us grudge the country gentleman his property as bitterly as we will, we are etill faced with the fact that nothing but home-grown food will keep down the price of imported produce in time of war. Borne, had free trade with the whole world, but Borne fell when the Italian plaint ceased to be cultivated. The relapse of Lombardy and tbe Campagne from arable to pasture land gave Gibbon his chance as a historian of the Decline and Fail — National Observer. Messrs Ward and Farran of the Exchange Studios, 19 Uacquarie Place, have presented to The Diamond Juoilee Charity Carnival Committee, a photo, valued at twtnty guineas, of a Fijian sailing-canoe. This excellent enlargement is from a direct photo taken at Bau, the native capital. Messrs Ward aad Farren have some 20,000 nega tives, lately purchased by them from Messrs A Mitchell and Coy., of the Strand Arcaae, and are prepared to execute copies from any of these. . The display of Japanese novelties at Messrs J W Johnston a.nd Co's, 746 George -stree t, which has just been opened, were specially selected by Mr Johnston, and are without exception tha most artistic and varied assortment of thie description of goods yet seen in Sydney. Theyinclnde bamboo furni ture, porcelain tea Bets, etc., and all sorts of ornaments. The ' New Home ' light-nuutiBg sewing-machines, for which the firm are agents, are increasing in popularity, so much bo, that the resources of the firm are taxed to supply orders. 