RAILTON BRANCH BOARD OF AGRICULTURE. Saturday, September 11. Present-Messrs. W. D. Thune (lhair man), Jno. Green, C. Allan, Tibhos. Oliver, H. Weeks, sen., aind Jas. Blenk horn (secretary). New members McHugh, Dulverton'; and Mr. C. F. Oldacre, Lowe's Bridge. Correspondence.-Letters were read from t.he Depaaltment of Agriculture, Mr. Alexander Webs'ter (secretary of Launceston Chamber . of Commerce),. hn'd Messrs. C. II. Smith 'and Co'., Laun ceston. A seed catalogue was received from Meessrs. Hor?ton and Co., Sydney. Fruit scions for griliting were re ceived from Mr. W. Bingham, Spalford, for free distribution amongst members, as follow:--Plums, Angelina, Burdeitt, French Prunes, and apple, Ciox's orange )ipPin. The secretary reported haov ing seen in the Pernth distridt, in Mr. McCoentlacher's orchard, an, apple he had been enquiring aboult for a long time, and could not find out whether it was in the colonies or not. This apple, called in Oengland the "Autumn Ha:rvest," is well known. for its ex celleant flavour, and is tobe of the best English dessert apples. This vailiety and one called the "Keswick Codlin" were introduced into Tasmania mainy years ago by a. gentleman living in t;he Cressy district. Manures.-Mr. Oldacre reported that in regard to ;the, mianure be purchased this season aft £5 a ton, the crop. did not look any beitter .than where noine was solwn. A sample of th,is manure was shown to :the deputaition from the Council of Agriculturel, and coim ienteced on by the editior of the "Agri cultural Gazette." If the deputation had collected samples of manures, and had thebm analysed, ,lit would in all pirobabililty have saved farmears manly poulmnds. Mr. Oliver drew the board's attention to a paper received from New South Wales, where it dthated the farmers had been charged pounds a ton for manures, wihicl, upon being analyssed were foun'd to be not worth mlore than 15s a. ton. ('lThose are qulEs'titomns our farmers want to be enlilghltened upon, and the Department of Agriculturne: would do good service to, the colony if they would dlo their duty and keep worth less manures .out, or' have tilem sold .t their true value. - A memilber sup plied the secretary wi:th a sample of manure at £2 5s a ton. Devonport report says this manure gives good re sullts.-Secretary.) Coaio Storagel for Tasmania.-I't vwas resolved :that .the Department of Agriculture take this question, into con sideaation at an early.dlate, for the pur-' pose of having the returnns corrected. Whiltewash.-- How to make a gclod wash that will not come off for brick, stone, or wood-This recipe was sup plied by M-. Oliver. Take a few lumps of good noach lime, aend puit in a four-gallon tub or bucket, and slack 'with boiling water; thenr add when holt 1 quart raw linseed oil, 2 quarts sour beer, vinegar, or brine. Be sure and 'have sufficient lime in 'the mixture to give' it a golod body. Woodean butild ings coated with this mixture will last for years over those nlt similarly treated. To make a slate colour, add lampblack, first mixed in cold water. Seeids.-Sacaline--the new forage plants- yields 90 to 180 tons to the acre. Mr. H. Weeks, sen., ordered the secretary to. secure ,him? some seeds from Horton's, also marble head cab bage, which yield cabbages 501b. to (iOlb. each, on good soil. This is sup posed to 'be the largest cabbage in tlhe world. Gallon's ,Hybrid Wheat Correction. It appeared Mr. J. Castles reported that he had shown a sample of this wheat to Mr. Rudge, miller, and he regorted that the sample looked like a fair milling wheaE. Mr. Smith'men tioned le was going to. have a sample ground at Mr. J. Hope's mill, 'hence the 'two names got' mixed. Mr. J. .Hope will accept this apology. .Mr. Smith reported Ito the 'ch irm'aain thit? this Wheat yielded well, and liis 'two 'liushels purchased from the blolard re turned' himn 50'bushlels, and the sold all he' had to sell at a fair price. ' (lt is not the board's intention of introduc ing worthless seeds into, any distilict, and Ithis seed was strongly recom mended by Mr. Jessup, fo?un Duck, river. Perhaps he might supply some information as to its milling quaaliitles in the Duck river settlement.-Secre tary.) Over-Production.-The boardt's reply 1to the Lilydale Board was discvsed, and will be In prilrt sho:tly. Cheap and. wholesome food is provided by the fresh herrings, or herrings in tomato sauce, prepared by Maconochie Bros., London. Ask for their "Silvocea" brand of fish, and you will always secure the best article obtainable. Maconochie Bros. are now the largest preservers of fish in the world.* The drama of to-day is in a decidedly healthy condition. This is due partly to the fact that our leading dramatists en dcavour to produce work which will rank as literature. But It is, of course, mainly due to the appreclation which the British Public always shows for a good play. In deed, the British public invariably patron lses what is good. This accounts for the wondelrftul popularity, as a family medi cine, of Holloway's Pills and Ointment. The British public knows by experience that for purifying the blood, invigorating the nerves, and promoting the healthy action of the liver, there is nothing in the whole wide world to equal Holloway's Pills; while for curing gout, rheumatism, and the like, the Ointment is unsur passed.* A domestic at Sandwhich dressed up in a sheet, and darted like a ghost at another servant. The latter became insane, and drowned herself. 