"AL EUCHREU" CFor the Yass Courier.) On the Southern bank of a miniature brack ish stream which meanders and ripples through rathermountainous though good pastoral coun try, and one that appears to reniindoncoftluit verse : — I come from haunts of " king and hern" ; And make a sudden sail' j I sparkle out among the fern- To ripple down the valley. Upon this beautiful country one may in cidentally or accidentally fall upon a neat little residence, probably an inn — which is run upon one of the most genuine principles of the day — run by good neat management, and one that is supplied with viands of unimpeachable quality, and in truth an establishment, that is'superintended in a thorough business-like fashion. The writer of this sketch (being rather of a migratory turn of mind) accidentally tumbled in upon this widely-known establishment, but was rather agreeably satisfied on approach that matters were unusually busy, though decent and amusing. Having unsaddled my steed and supplied him with a Ixmnteous supply offodder and a flowing bowl of fresh water — I betook myself to a neat little retiring room, where everything, even the every floor itself, were scrupulously clean and white — in fact one would conclude that a thorough revolution had taken place in the building. Having refresh ed myself with a lovely shower bath and an .appetising and thirst allaying ' shandy," I deemed it expedient to'don my new and becom ing Bracken Suit — which a few minutes after wards attracted the attention of many fas- einatin j and. admiring members of the fair sex. Sitting up to supper — which by-the-bye has its attraction .after a sultry and dusty ride — I fairly carved a name for myself. Completing my repast I arose with many kind feelings towards my genial Host and Hostess and thence repaired into the verandah and there threw myself on to a Welcome couch to rest my tired limbs and to smoke the pipo of peace. During the time I was engaged in pulling .well-timed pulls — I at times caught a word or (two among others about Reid and his Free- . (trade Party — Federal Convention — Inter colonial cricket match, and other such in teresting items, when suddenly the subjects changed and I could hear little snatches of what Mrs. So-and-So, said about and and what Paddy said about and how well jthat young fellow on a certain station manages his stock and other such interesting though childish tales, then lastly tho conversation on Dingoes and their doings, and what m ischief such plundering animals could enact in a small space of time. After the yarns had advanced as far as is usual in such anecdotes. I was persuaded to join in a game of c — a — r — d — s. It was my maiden game. A certain number of stiff pieeesof paper curiously marked — after beincr duly shaken, displaced and apparently replaced, was cut off, and the others were dis tributed in an equal fashion to four of us. Well to describe this peculiar game of cards would weary one — however the game went on and we all appeared at times to be rather ex cited. Now and again we would relieve the monotony of the game by bathing our lips and washing our throats with about a quart of a foamy beverage — called tangle-foot. This substance appeared to liven us up a little and we soon found ourselves again indulging in various talks — the principal of which was as before mentioned — Dingoes and their depre dations. We were now all enjoying a com fortable smoke — two of the company smoking Will Thomson's best cigars while the third had his large pipe charged with some of Kenny's splendid Two Seas, — when we resolved to try our hands onco more with the stiff pieces' of paper and were in the height of excitement and enjoyment — when lo — all of a sudden — as if some spirit had arisen front the Infernal Regions — we were confronted by — what at first I considered was a " Goblin," or j-ather a couple of them of directly opposite colours but which I afterwardsascertained were a and his faithful man " Friday," — I was be wildered — I was horror- struck — I suddenly felt a hoarseness in my throat as that, caused by thirst — in fact a complete shiver bad come over me. I attempted to play my cards but the attempt was futile. I resorted to all sorts of stratagems and devices but when I suddenly lifted my head two peculiar creatures met my observation — one — who appeared to be Boss, with a smile as broad as any ghost could make, and his huge legs and feet sheathed in the yellow carcase of someanimal, while the second was as black as a thunder cloud and as pleased as anv Yass local amateur who has made a big pun. All at once I was seized with a feeling i to escape and staggered to my feet but they refused to answer my exertions and I was very I reluctantly compelled to throw up tho " sponge," in fact I had played my cards wrongly and un fortunately. Like my genial host I was " Euchred," the very expression used hv my unwelcome friend. 