I BRIDGED OVER. (FiioM THE PALI, MAU. MAGAZINE ) When I chance to visit Dublin, am to have an hour or so to spare, '. generalry.employ it in a stroll up tin quays on the right bank of tho Liffey There you lind dirty shops, full of oil pictures and gaudy now oleographs and old books, and new ones ; auc miscellaneous bric-a-brac. And for oigners with long hair, and Jewisl typo of nose, show you drawers ful of precious stones and paste imita tions, all jumbled together in hotero geneous confusion. There I hnvt bought gems of value for a tritio and there, also, have I been painfully cheated - as one must look to be many a time, before one becomes ar adept in the rôle of curio hunter. At Christmas time, some of thc more ecclesiastical shops clear theil windows, and arrange them anew with naive and curious groups of was figures, representing tho Nativity Sometimes tho groups are well and artistically rendered. Tho workman who makes the ligures and tho man who arranges them aro sure of ii sympathetic crowd of admirers ; and it is so much easier to work undoi those circumstances ! Ono December afternoon I was standing on Wellington Quay, admir- ing a group of tho kind, unusually well rendered, when I heard a some- what honrse voice, just over my shoulder, which made me start. " Sancta Simplicitas I" it said. I turned hastily.somowhatannoyed at the interruption to my thoughts, and fully expecting to seo a beggar, For a stock Latin quotation from thc mouth of a boggur in Dublin was a far from unlikely occurrence. 1 had seen two barefooted men, beforo now, disputing over, nnd coming to blows ii bout, a problem of Euclid, in a street of Limerick. Tho man I saw, if a beggar, was at all events of a superior class. Iiis unshaven chin, with its black bristle of beard, and a certain hollow-oycd ncss, looked liko poverty ; but bc wore a tolerably immaculate frock coat and trousers. His boots wore, however, inclined to part company with their soles, and 1 have always found boots tho most certain guide in judging of a man's worldly circum- stances. For t he rest ho hadahaggard intellectual face, with a broad fore- head, and two of tho softest brown oyes I over saw. I never could resist soft eyes, either in man or woman ; and it was Christmas time, nnd I was in a good humour with myself and tho world. So I did not move on, but stood, waiting to hear what ho had to say for himself. His face lightened when ho snw that I was ready to speak l o him, and ho took off his hat with tho bow of a gentleman. "Excuse me, sir," ho said, " I should not hnvo disturbed, but, will you think it n great liberty if I ask you do you believe all that ?" "That" was the Christ-child in His cradle receiving tho adoration of tho shepherds. Ile pointed to tho window as he spoke. " I do, certainly," I answored ; " and then-?" " I wish I could !" ho said, gravely ; nnd, accustomed as 1 was to tho ways of _ such gentry, I was inclined to think that ho was in earnest. " Probably you believe in other things that ure far more improbable," I replied. Ho gave me a quick look. '"Why do you say that ?" ho asked sharply. " Do you know mo ? I do not t hink lever met you before." " To tho best of my knowledge, yon never did," said I. " Tho reason I made the remark was that I have always found that tho. human heart requires something outside itself to boiievo in, and, as Novalis has it, ' Whore no God is, spectres reign.' " Rather to my surprise, ho repeated tho quotation in the original German. " There is somo truth in it," ho said, -" moro than you think in my caso ; but, if you will oxcuso my asking tho question-do you write at all-for tho Ercss I mean ? You havo tho forc- ead of a writer." 1 owned to tho authorship of an occasional short muga/.ino stm-y. " Then, sir, 1 am not a beggar, as you may, with somo reason, suppose, but only desire to proposo a bargain ns between man and man : will you treat mo to a good dinner and a cigar, a treat I havo not enjoyed for many a day, on condition that I toll yon a real tnlo of my experience, which, if put into print, will certainly bring you moro than tho 11101103' y°u expend on ino ?" 1 agreed, not expecting much of tho story, but being inclined for a deed of charity - moved thereto, I suppose, by tho brown oyes. Having determined to bo generous, I took my now acquaintanco to a good restaurant, and allowed him to order his own dinnor and wino ; which ho did witha discrimination thatshowod bo had had long experience in such matters. After dinnor ho expressed a wish to add local colouring to his story, by telling it to mo on tho spot where its principal incident occurred ; and, as it was 11 lino night, I made no objection, but strolled with him to Island Bridge, whero wo loaued over tho parapet and watched tho swollon river Hashing under tho light of tho gas lamps. There wo lit, our cigars, and bo proceeded nu follows. " Though you might not think it, sir, 1 am a doctor by profession, and havo tho right to write M.D. after my name. _ 1 am not going to prosumo 011 your kindness so far ns to tako up your timo by explaining how I came to full so low in tho world as I am now. lt is a common enough tale, and would not interest you. " Twenty years ugo, Dr. O'Morchoo lived in ono of those houses you soo ovor thore. He was 11 very clovor man, ami a great friend of mino ; and we íviü'o tlifii pursuing « couivo of experimental invcsligatirn which i promised great tiling«-nt least, so i i hon, wo hoped. Tho one difficulty iii our way was that, for our oxpori ! monts, wc needed a good many i'subjects' - bodies for dissection, ! mean-and diseased subjects wen j not of much use to us, wo wyn tee healthy ones. That of course meant that we could only very occasionally Îirocuro the corpse of someone whe lad died a violent death. The Irish, as you know, aro very particulai about tho burial of their dead, and 1 can assure you it was most dillicult to obtain what wo required. O'Mor- choo lind a little dissecting-room titted up in his house, and we had an agreement with the Dublin police, by which thoy were to bring us any bodies on which inquests had boon held, and which were unclaimed. Wo did not require them long, and when wo had finished with them they were taken away and buried, and no one was tho wiser ; but it cost money, I can tell you. " O'Morchio had a confidential ser- vant, Manter by name. Ho was a quiet, reserved mau, very civil and polite, but I never liked him. " Well, ono evening, about cloven, when I was going to hod, there was a knock at the street door. 1 opened it, and thoro stood Manter, with n noto for mo from O'Morchoo. He bad just got in a first-rate subject he wrote, and if I would come ovoi at once we would spend the night in investigation, and let. the police have it in the morning. It was tho body of a finely-developed young woman, ho wrote, found drowned in thc Liffey, and, up to the present, un- owned. " This was a bettor chance than we had had for a long timo. I told Munter to make haste back, and tell his master that_ 1 was coming ; and. ns ho made no ¡inmediato answer, 1 looked up from the note, and saw hu face. "Ho was shaking all over, ns if he had tho ague, and great drops ol sweat were running down his face. I never saw a man so frightened before or since. " What on earth is tho matter with you, Manter?' 1 cried: 'hnvo you seen a ghost, or are you on tho drink, or what is it ?' " He stammered out that there was nothing wrong with him. He had seem nothing. Why should he; I felt his pulse, and Knifing no signs of drink about him (I had ut first thought ho waa suffering from delirium tremens), 1 gavo him a glass of hot whiskey punch, still enough to stand a spoon m. That set him up again, and ho wns in a hurry to bo oil',.so 1 let him go without further questioning. All tho same, I was glad that Mr. Manier was not my servant, and it was not the first time 1 hud congratulated myself on that fact. "lsoon got on my boots mid walked over to O'Morchoe's. Munter let mo in, and looked moro himself. I wont straight to tho dissecting room, mid thero I found O'Morchoo and tho subject, which latter ho hail not yet touched, lt was laid in a collin-a plain deal ono-rostingacross acouple of chairs. I went ovor to look at it. " It was tho body of one of tho most beautiful young women I had over seen. 1 can see her now. I have never forgotten her face, but that does not matter to you. She was about twenty years of agc, dressed decently, but poorly, and on her throat there were blackoncd marks like the print of fingers. O'Morchoo saw mo looking at thom. " ' Tho verdict was murder against some person or persons unknown,"' said ho. 'But wo have no timo to waste. Bing the bell for Manter, and lot us get her lifted on to tho table.' " 1 rang and Manter cunio. Tho doctor told him to take tho corpso by tho middle, whilst ho lifted tho head and I tho feet. Manter shook all over, and I thought ho was going to faint, but ho did ns ho was told, and his master did not remark any- thing unusual. " So wo lifted her on to tho tablo, and tho doctor and 1 Jot go, but Manter did not: stir. " ' Thnt will do, Mnntor," said O'Morchoo sharply. 'What aro you doing ? Lay her down, mon !' " 1 havo heard many a queer screech in tho operating-room, but I nover henrd a yell like that which Manter gave then. It went through you like a gimlet, and mado you shako in your shoes. " ' She's holding mo !' ho screamed. ' Lot mo go, Alice-woman-devil !' and ho clonchcel his fist ¡iud struck tho corpso in tho face again and again, till I caught his arm, and then I saw that tho dead woman had clasped his left wrist tight in both her hands. "And then-you may believe mo or not, ns you like, sir-tho corpso sat up, anti tho eyes opened, and looked at Mnntor, and tho instant her eyes opened Milliter's closed, and ho bogan talking in an automatic way, like a man who is mesmerised. " ' Yes,' ho said, ' I did it-I mur- dered her. Sho is my wife. I throw hor in bolow tho weir-Ohapeli/.od way. Tho night before last it was. Sho wanted money I' "'Why, you infernal scoundrel, what do you mean ?' shouted O'Mor- choo. And thou tho dead woman's eyes closed, and lier hands relaxed their grasp, and Manter foll down in a faint upon tho floor. " ' We'd botter soo to tho woman first,' said O'Morchoo grimly. # ' Tlc can wait.' So wo began artificial respiration, and jiorsovcrod with it for a quartor of an hour. But wo both know perfectly well that wo woro losing our timo : tho woman was dead, and sho never had boon anything oise, sinco she was fished out of tho Liffey. " ' I think I lind bottor'hunt up a policeman,' said O'Morchoo at last, looking at mo very perplexedly; 1 only, you know, we enn't toll^ this story. No ono would believe it. I don't beliovo it myself, though I hnvo seen it with my oyes; but I do beliovo that that scoundrel Manter is, guilty.' " ' So do I,' I said, ' mid tho proof of it is that ho has bóltoél.' And, indeed, ho had como to himsolf whilst we were absorbed with our work, nud had sneaked off. ' " O'Morchoe gnvo n curse, and put on his har, and ran ont of tho street door - as I supposed to call tho police-and I was left alone with the corpse. " Now was the time, sir, to provo tho truth of your quotation from Novalis ; and I must honestly confess I was most confoundedly frightened, and so, if you will excuse my saying" it, would you havo been in my place ! My nerves worn nil un- strung, and I felt, for tho lirst time, a deep sympathy with tho sufferings of hystoria. " tJroseutly, through thc stillness; came a most horrible gurgling, choking sort of noise from upstairs. I knew I ought to go and soo what it was, but I really couldn't till I took a glass of brandy. And thon, just as 1 was starting, down slid the dead woman from tho table, and out of tho front door she walked, beckon- ing to mo to follow. " Somehow 1 preferred tho open air with her, to tho house with that noise going on, so I went out aftor ber. " It wns near morning now, and there was not a soul in tho streets. She walked on quickly towards Island Bridge, without turning her head, and I walked after her-a good way behind, you may bo sure. As she neared the bridge 1. felt a blast of cold air on my face, and then, without, a sound, tho body or the ghost of Mauler passed me. Ho was running, and yet his foot made nu'noise. 1 hud a good view of him as he passed me, and 1 saw that his face was all suffused with blood, nearly black, and his head drawn on ono side, like a man's who has been hanged. And then 1 knew what the gurgling noise had been. " lt passed oh till it reached the woman, and then she caught it by. tho hand, and they went on together. It couldn't turn ils head, apparently, and its dark face looked sidewnys, , away from hors. Sho never turned her head at all. " You soo that old mill, just above the bridge? lt has been disused for many years, and what lies inside ' that dark archway, whence the waste water from tho mill-wheol used to run, I don't know, but those two went into it,-over tho bridge, up tho river, and in i herc, and they never came out again ! "Tho curious Hiing was that when I got back to O'Morehoe's 1 found him and tho police there; and the body of tho woman was lying in tho collin, mid tho carcase of tho mur- derer swinging ('rom tho boole in the attic where ho had bunged himself like Judos. So I concluded tho least said was soonest mended. And now, sir, I will bid you good-night." "Stop, stop !" 1 cried, as he was moving off. " I want to ask you a lot of questions. What did your friend tell tim police, and why did Mauler kill his M ile, and- ?" " You'll never hear any more from mo, sir," said tho man coolly, "and I »don't think you will from tiny ono else. 1 havo repaid my dinner fairly, I think, and um much obliged to you for it. Look, sir, look nt tho arch- way !" 1 looked. A faint light illuminated tho mouth of tho black hole, and some formless phosphorescent mass flouted slowly out upon the river, and down through the arch of Island Bridge-probably a dead tish. When 1 turned my bead my acquaintance was gone, and from that day to this I havo never seen him again. _ I searched the old Dublin Directories for the name ol' a Dr. O'Morehoo, but could not lind it; but theil it was scarcely likely timi; he hadvgiven rae tho true name. And I would set tho wholo tale down as a piece of Irish invention, but that I mn pretty sure of one t hing-tho man lioliovod it himself. PUUI.THY liiiicuDiNCi. - Tho very Íjrent increase of interest in poultry cooping during tho Inst your or two presents quito différent features to tho boom which toole nineo in 1887-88, and-it may bo hoped-is more per mnnent in its unture. Niuo years ago tho craze wns for poultry farm- ing puro und simple, with tho conse- quence that many persons having little or no oxperionco in^ poultry keeping embarked in what is at best a somewhat doubtful enterprise, entered into engagements for tho pu rebaso of land at a prico for and away above its remunerativo valuó, and naturally were foredoomed to failure Vei-y few managed to pull through thc difficulties which oc- curred on every hand, whilo tho remainder were for tho most part effectively cured of tho " hen fever," and reliovcd of what capital they had possessed. Of coureo, poultry keeping on tho wholo increased, as it has continually dono for tho last twenty or thirty years ; but it is within tho lust year or two that tho greatest strides havo boon mode, with tho gratifying accompaniment of as good prices-on tho whole-as obtained tlireo or four years ago. Tho attention devoted ? to poultry keeping by various journals, cheap poultry literature, and above all tho information gratuitously imparted by the often misjudged fanciers nucl other experienced poultry koepors, aro mainly rosponsiblo for tho moro rational viows on poultry koepiug and bettor methods of mnnngemont than formerly obtained ; nntl there can bo Iittlo doubt but that tho industry will still further increase, with benolit to all concerned. 