QUE TELEPHONE. Hello, Exohangol The Hon. A- J. Pea cock ? Peacock ? Yes — Victorian delegate to tha Convention! Ei'toh. , , . Biag cow. Hello! Is that Mr. Peacock? About that laugh, please. My laugh ? Oh yes ! Ha, h-a-a ? 1 Here — hold up I The Telephone Exchange is in the irost Ofhce, you know. Well, what has that to do with it? Just this : There are cracks in tho Post Office, and if you laugh— suppose we must call it a laugh — there is a prospect of the whole building coming down 1 And what would Mr. Cook do then, poor thing, eh ? I see ; go ahead 1 Do you want my opinions upon the prospootsof Federation? Not at all! It's just about that lautjh — it has become of national importance ! Is it a fact that you wero nearly arrested on Saturday night last, after the Press soiree? What's that? Nearly arrested ! We merely give the story for what it is worth. It appears that just as you emerged from tbe caiiS yon exploded — that is, laughed — cracked tho welkin, and woke up all the police between the Quay and the Bailway StationJ Ha, h-a-a-a — ha! ? Slop, for Heaven's sake I I was merely—— Precisely I But to proceed. Two police men, annoyed at being disturbed, approached the group of which you were the centre, and had made up their minds that ' righteous behaviour' would be the charge, when they recognised your Press companions and grace fully retreated ! You mean to say that story is going abont? Rather ! You owe a good deal to the Press, and this latest experience adds to the debt. Then tjiero is another story to tho effect that after your brilliant performance in tbe circle of Her Majesty's on Monday night 'the Firm' decided to offer you a part in tho next panto mime. TT-n^-al TTnrv-Jinrv.Vinr»-]inrk-K-run-n.n 1 Well that beats everything ! It doos ! But no more of it, please, per telephone ! By tho way, that laugh must have been very serviceable to yon in your political career. They do say, on the other sido, that you laughed yourself into the House owing to tho frequont paragraphing your infirmity — that is to say, your gift — prompted ; much as Jack Gardiner, the Carlton footballer, kicked himBelf, as it were, into Parliament 1 Oh — come now ! Where? ' Into tho garden, Maud!' Oh, you'vo heard of that, too, ehf Ha?-h-a» a-a ! Hoo-h-o- o-o- ? 1 Ting, ting. o a e Hello ! Sunday Tlhes ! Hurry np — quick and lively, now I Why all the excitement? And who are you ? Who am I ? Well, I'll send you my name ; but it's enough for present purposes to call me a sergeant of police, I'm ringing from No. 1 Station. Right you are ! But what's the matter ? Matter! Matter enough, surely ! Haven't! the police too much to do already? What with sneaking round pubs to see that thirsty souls remain thirsty, dropping on to the widow who sells ginger-pop aud lollies on the Sab bath ! ? Oh, but that's all right since Mr. Raid got back 1 Jessol But the policeman's life is still not a happy one — look at that ghost that two of our ohaps had to stand up against recently! Stand up against, eh ? Well, they had to deal it out to it, anyway. Then we've got to fight the 'pushes,' and perhaps bo laid out by armed burglars. Isn't that enough? Seems to ns to be a bit moro than enough 1 True foryo, me boy 1 Well, notwithstanding that, what is now proposed'? Heaven knows — unless it is that the police should take round tho plates in the churches ! It's worse 1 There'd be no great objection to that exercise if we stood in for a tray bit, as it wero. But it's this Frenoh business we object to 1 What? Surely you don't mean tha heroine of — Ho took mo out To take me in. What did he take me for? Not at all ! It's a dear little colleen she is ! But it's the Major-General French I'm talking about. Oh — the Commandant ! Yes — that same ! Ho has calmlyproposed — what, d'ye think? Why, that the police should be drilled with big guns and things for defence ! Haven't we sufficient to do for our small pay, is what I ask? Apparently you havo more than you can do, judging by the numbor of burglaries thab tako place without corresponding arrests ! Well, don't montion that now — don't men tion it! That'll come right in time, mo boy! But I think this is a most infamous proposal to work the willing horse to death. However, for my own part, I'd agree to it on one con dition. And that is? That the Government make those lazy street ornaments, the Permanent Artillery, do police duty in addition to their ordinary work 1 Certainly ; that seems as fair as the other proposal. Of course it is! But you'll find it won't be adopted. No ; it's the police they're always dropping on for these special things ! Well, it's a great temptation to the Defenoe authorities, you know. The Police are snch a fine body of mon ! You really mean that? It's not what I might cal 1 ? Blarney? Not all all I You would mako finer soldiers thau tho Permanent Artillery ! And indeed wo would — ovary mother's son of us — aud to tell the truth I wouldn't much mind having a shot at it 1 That's right ! Although, mind you ? Oh, don't qualify your admission! Ting, ting ! o a m Major John Cash Neild, M.P., Exchange. What I The great warrior, poet, politician, &c.; r The same, but wo only want the politician at present. But how can I discriminate? Well you press the button and we'll do the rest. Oh, all right 1 Now you can oall him. Say, Mr. Neild, this is a rather serious affair ; what do you intend to do about it? What, how, why, what's the matterP Any thing wrong? Wrong! We should smile! Haven't you seen that lucubration that some impudent fellow has been palming off oil tho llintALD over your signature? Yon ought to take out an injunction or got a mandamus or some thing, because no one will be safe if that's allowed. Excuse me, I don't exactly comprehend. You don't mean to say that anyone has beon Bending in bad poetry and saying it's mine ? Worse than that! Some benighted Protec tionist has actually beeu taking your name iu vain to propound his heretical opinions 1 Didn't you see it ? Ho has the audaoity to say that tho Froetrade policy of the colony was the principle obstacle to Federation J Is that all? Oh, no ; ho finished np by aotually suggest ing that the Convention should adjourn for a fortnight, at the end of which the Premier should call Parliament together and submit a good high Protectionist tariff ns a means of getting rid of tho financial difficulty and pro moting Federation. Like his impudence to put your name to a letter of that sort, eh? But, look here, that's all right. That was my letter ! Then do you mean to say yoa have turned Protectionist ? Of courso not ! Can't you see that it was merely a specimen of my cultivated satire ? I considered it rather a fine effort. It certainly was drawn rather fme. In fact, too fine for most people to see the point And yon mean to say it was simply a bit of ironical writing ? That's it exactly — a sort of rapier thruBt at my fellow-Freetraders, who are also Federa tionists. Ah, wo begin to smell a rat ! But, really for your own Make, next time yon do anything Df that R'irt you ought to itdd a postscript: ' N.B.— This waa writ sarcastic.' And do you mean to say that the public ara taking it seriously P Certainly 1 The report has already got all over Paddingtcn and the Victoria Barracks that you intend coming out next election as a rank .Protectionist ! Yon don't say so ! It's too dreadfnl ! What Bhall I do to be saved? Well, you had better write another lette? explaining the first. Say it wsb poetry — had something to do with a nooent watorupont,. or some other figure of speech. That's about tbe only way you can remof e the false imprea« sion. Do you really think-so P We do really ! Thanks! I must ring Tip the Hebald ai once 1 Ting, tir.g 1 