Our Melbourne Letter, BY TOBIAS. Commissioner Tom Fogarty of North Melbourne is sustaining the. reputation of his nationality at the Metropolitan Board of Works. While A.mess and Dillon wash their dirty linen in public, and John M'Mahop of Brunswick street, the O'Connell of Australia, as he was once styled, defies the. White Knight to his very bpard, Fogarty creates a diversion in another way. He was protesting against the accusation levelled at the impartiality of those members of the Board who yranted a rate struck, and this is. the way in which be annihilated thç. traducerg :—We don't want to do an injustice to tl\e. outer area districts, or any other m.an." The laughter which greeted his protest was a source of considerable surprise to indignant orator, who added .— u JNo, gentlemen, I was pn thib board before, it was a board at all, make no mistake about that." And the roar that greeted his confidence gave unmistakable evidence that they didn't. * • # * # • * * * There is not a more sensational spot within the four corners of the colony than Warrnambool. It posse3se» within its municipal boundary more vagabondage to the block than any town or city in the Commonwealth." (N.B. I am the first writer Qf any eminence who has acclimatised the new name.) A few months ago, every other day developed a new act Qf incendiarism, and a panic set in which was only allayed when there was scarcely a tenement to burn in the whole town. The police are now on the track for train wreckers. The Station Master, Mr Cadwallader, received an anonymous communication to look out for squalls, as an attempt would be made on a scale of wholesale magnitude to wreck all the trains entering and leaving the picturesque watering place. The burning of a hundred or two bug-eaten, weatherboard shanties was nothing compared with this threatened sacrifice of human life, so that all the police in the Western district are called in to avert the impending calamity. Why don't the Warrnambool people go in for something less alarming, such as. the Burwood Road, ghost which kept the safety valve of public excitement busy last year for a couple of months ? A ghost is by far a milder species of excitement and infinitely more romantic than vulgar- traiu wrecking or burning down of antediluvian shanties. * * * * * * * * * # # Peter Connolly, the late Peter and late of Footscray, was a philosopher, and perhaps something more, a fatalist. How two such diatnotrically opposite attributes could have existence in the same human anatomy is a paradox I am not prepared to solve. A short time ago his wife suddenly disappeared, and Peter quietly went on with his work, fulfilling his ordinary routine of duty as usual, without taking the slightest interest in her absence. Herein he proved himself a philosopher. Her body was found later on in the Saltwater River, and Peter attended the inquest, giving his evidence quite formally and without any emotional interest in the proceedings. Philosophy again ! Last week he disappeared himself, and his body was found on Sunday in the same spot in the Saltwater where his late spouse was discovered. In this Peter was a fatalist. That's the paradox—solve it who may. * * * * * * * * * * * Mrs Sarah Thomas of Williamstown doesn't love her John Thomas as she ought to. She had him " up" last week—up for maintenance. She entered the witness box carrying a large pillow case in her arms, which was full of hair every particle of which, she assured the bench, was her own, a legacy which she owed to John Thomas's roughness—or, as she put it to the bench, " his brutish treatment during 26 years of married life." John Thomas's victim must have discovered the best elixer for the restoration of hair of any woman of modern times. Fancy filling a pillow case, even in 26 years, and the most of it torn out by the roots too by this rough operator ! It turned out in evidence that most of his time was spent in paying her police court fines for drunkenness, and that his conjugal attentions were all a romance. He offered her 5s a week, however, to get rid of her,, whioh was accepted. John. Thomas will now have rest for a season—a well earned^ repose after his. 26 years experience of married life. * * * * * * * # *, • The Empire upon, which the sun never sets is going to be thrilled to the inner core of its extensive ramifications on the 21st or 22nd of next June, whea the. great ceremony of celebration. enters upon its initial step in front of Sc. Pauls, and in full visw of Ludgate Hill and Circ^3. The celebration of Her Most Gracious Majesty's Diamond: Jubilee reign only wanted one incident to. make, it the most pomplete and pathetic, in the world's history. The representatives of the mighty mistress of the seas have hit upon the. sparkling gem that shall illumine the grand apex of a. people's enthusiasm.. This is it; and, it only requires Her Majesty's sanction to sanctify the immortal inspiration. Her Majesty is to press a button, not the ordinary breeches button, but aij, electric button, and forthwith the.electric. cable carries instante^ rojind the earth, the glad, tidings that thp " hymji ofpraise" has started at St. Paul's., to be. taken, up three minutes, later in» every nook and corner of the British dominions. The Argii$.. with true patriotism^.. makes, a suggestion, which will endear it to. all loyal Australians, and strengthen, its influence at the coming general election,. Here it is, that Her Majesty give us. three, minutes, start—that is to, say press, the. button, three minutes before the Archbishop, of Canterburyopens his mouth, to. load of|. This is. only fair to us. Why should; th§. Londoners get three minutes, start of; us ? We. are. as loyal every bit as they. Indeed, visitors, to. either country say ten, times more so ? We uncover when.. " God save the Queen" is struck up, an. Englishman at home rarely ever does. We observe the. 2ith M;ay as. a loya); and close holiday—the visitor in. Lpndon t knows it not from, any of the. othpr 364 days of the year. We must therefore, insist upon getting these three minutes^ if our loyalty would; not be subjected to, a strain for which, none of us. is pre- , pared, to answer ! Take du.e notice,^ Chamberlain—Holy Joe ! What a host of possible contin-. gencies fancy evokes from the chamberof imagination when we reflect upon, this beautiful conception of pressing the button. In the British Islands it will be all right of oourse—one harmonious stream of melody will ari^e from over 5 millions of throats at the. hour of noonday, cleaving thp. London. . fog with its silver-throated cadence. Then, the refrain will be instantly taken up from John of Groats to Lands End, re-echoing through the Highland Glens. of North Briton, and dying away into weird melody from the throat of Cousin Jack in the wild and. jutting crags of Cornwall. The faint, echoes., will sweep across the Irish Sea, and the most oppressed nation on the face, of the earth, will take up the refrain to the tune of " Garryown, na. Glory," and bless the liberal' donor to the Kerry Relief Fund in the sweet and thrilling paen of sou£. But why-, follow it oo the four winds that waft it round the, globe ? Some will be caught napping and to such naught remains but to pick up the air .in the. heavy diapason that proclaim? the sleep of snoring drunkenness» In. Australia it will be different. We must be standing at attention at 18:. seconds past ten on the night of the. same day, if we would* be in time. Yes, all of us who are no6 in bed or- the public houses must be. ready. Even the latter can lay down the,, peuter and participate, or heave it, aloft in frenzied loyalty, taking care,, not to brain the tipsy booser on his. right. I cannot go on; the picture is, too utterly thrilling in its loyalty to, be pursued to its enchanting end. Long live the most poetic idea that, ever emanated from the brilliantcasket of man's imperial genius ! * * * * * Kilmorey, Lord Kilmorey, the greats English critic on poor Australia's: national defences after an hour or., two's sojourn in the Southland, is a railway traveller on the nod—he was so at least in South Australia. He. hasn't had time to try the eleemosy-. nary dodge in Victoria yet. Not only is he travelling on the nod, but he re*, sents any intrusion upon his imperial, privacy. He must have a carriage to, himself in the orthodox fashion of the . dead-head. Travelling from Adelaide , to Melbourne a few days ago, an. English., tourist and his sister entered? the same compartment, and were re.: ceived with the cold and haughty stare. that characterises the true representative of Britain's peerless. aristocracy. They alighted for refreshments at a. wayside station, aad on their return found their hag and baggage bundled into another carriage, which they were officially " invited" to enter Í And that.refreshment station was at Ballarat, and Ballarat is in Victoria, and Vic-' toria is a democratic country, and its. railway King is Mathieson, Mathieson. the incorruptible!^ Is it any.wpnder. that we are the ridicule of tfay.ellers who.laugh at onr contemptible. toady-., ism.? And. we profess to. be a genuine, and nota spurious democracy!- Out, upon the whole rotten system of lickepittling! Why don't, the Australian, Natives take up a question o.f. this., kind instead, of w.asting time at their. conventions over fads and imaginary grievances? Here is a real live one. affecting our national character for. upright and manly independence» And yet they are like dumh^oxeau 