'THE BREWER'S GHOST.' A BOOTE5IAS. ' SSOOKLOIV' Booth's Babyish Babble. Au Uugrsiuiinatical UucUioiis JElTusiou. Accompanying a small book, comes a type written note, signed, with a bleary rubber stamp, 'Thomas Estill, Colonel' who tells us ' we' are forwarding you a copy of the booklot (sic) from tbe pen of Commandant Booth, which has just been issudd (sic} from our book-room in Melbourne. Then 'we' goes on to say 'we' should be glad if this paper would find space to review it and desires us to ' believe me ' etc. All of which suggests that to become a 'Colonel' in the Salvation Army does not entail any speaking acquaintance with Lindley Murray or any each trivialtles as tense, number or orthography. Then the 'booklot.' Heading the shriek ing, uagrammatical unconvincing, labored and inconsequent letter-press, one iB forced to tbe conclusion that the twaddle fits the disgusting '? illustrations ' which run through the book, which rejoices in the title of ' The Brewer's Ghost.' It wouid be an extremely unsafe ' temperance ' agent to place in the bands of a man who was 'snSerring a recoVeiy.' He wonld imagine, at his first glance at the would-£e-weird monstrosities pictoiially presented that he'd 'get 'em again,' and he wonld most certainly fly to drink for relief. And if the gibbering wretch did manage to struggle through Booth's babyish babble, he would assuredly be convinced that such a resort was a wise onei, for this precious ' booklot ' builder makes an eighteen year old girl of the town, or rather the ghost of one — for the ' Brewer '—Booth evidently confoonds brewer with distiller, from absolute igno rance, doubtless, and whoops aboat the 'Brewer's' rum, brandy, and whisky, while he says never a abont good old she oak— the Brewer is, in Booth's blithering, imbecile, damp vision, being shown a host of the rains of the ghosts ot those who were once consumers of his ' brews,' by his own ghott. Should the shocking example referred to read as far aB pages 11 and 42 he would find ample justification, we repeat, for his resort to the bottle, in the words of Booth's extremely young bawd s gnost. 'Drink introduced me to my present ! life' (temember, she's dead all the' time, | but this precious 'commandant' forgets himself). ' Drink supports me while it lasts. When I recollect the past— I drink. When 1 contemplate the future— 1 drink. 1 find drink an excellent antidotj for con science and heartache ? Drink giveB me courage and stopB my fears. . . . Drink supplies nerve.' Pass the bottle, please. Booth is an excel lent advocate of a little stimulant, and re viewing a temperance tract is dry work. Another Of this commandant'R ghosts must have been in the flesh a person of a shock ingly loose method of life ; for ehe Calls ont to the doable- barrelled ' Brewer ' of whisky, rum and brandy. ' My lover, my hnsband, my protector, my enpporter, all carried away by the drink) sir, in .five years.' What a disgraceful person I Four ' blokes ' in five years, and she drove them all to drink them selves to death I What a very lacky thing she's dead — try to realise it — she might have had Booth himself I In another part of this muddled howl, that is thironghoht like the wail of a delirious mugwump a* it chokes and sinks h;neith the slimy surface of the foul-smelling Ysrra, this self-appointed leader and bleeder of men makes the dank spirit of a drowned sea captain tell . how he was drnnk, his crew were drank, his passengers were drank, and, of course, the captain was steering at nlidnight — the captains of great passenger ships always do take their trick at the wheel ih the middle Watch — the captain steersman sees green for red and red for i green, and gets rnn down, and ' 360 men, women and children foand a grave in the ooean bed, . . One half began to bane. A few sAng. One couldn't discern (sio) the prayers from the oaths I ' Evidently Salvation Army Commandants tee with their ears. Perhaps that is why they wear them po 1 ^ng and cnt bias. The author of this whoop remarks that the singing of one weird shape ' touched the spting that opened new floodgates in the Brewer's ebul. He Wanted to weep, bat the wells ot his etaotion yielded no teats/' whioh wes tottgh oil the Brewer. When moat people gtt the spHhg touchbd that opens new (ot bid) floodgates, the result Is a foregone conclusion. Booth's brewer must have touched the wrong button. ? ? This absurdity in type and ink concludes as inanely drunkenly as it After drawing 4 ptcture of a dishevelled party With a glorious jag on, Booth fisalesont thus: 'It was quite true. The story, closes, where , it began, the ffengs of the. serpent were hbont to enter the' heart 'of its Sea per. On this Christmas night the &bbwbb;'s 6oh wa6 Daimkl4' Lucky devil I It is not e veryone wh» can afiord to be these parlons times. ThS .thektM hat problem co&ld; be solved by compelling %omih te wear their old bats lirhen in a plies ot aoihSAtEeut. Ihe* wfttdd 