; ' YEAR OF , FALSE: GHRIST3. This year will probably b'e put down in history as remarkable for itsTmmense crop of spiritual healers; prophets, . and messiahs. t'hongh the prompt discredit cast upon nro- fastodly miraculous work ifl this couutry, as recently' manifested in Glasgow and in Wales, has discouraged' imposture here; it has been otherwise in other countries, notafcly Franco and the Uuiled'Stafces/ Mn the latter wuuujr oajjcLi-iiij uieu auut' women WuO- .claim to possess divineoiw»E -have appeared in dozens during the past iew-mqqths. They bave sprung from all classes' of "society, and while some havs been charlatans of the blackest type, earnest workers, who really believid in their own powers and in a ' heaven-sent mission,', hare been plentiful enough to put the stamp, of legitimacy on the general movement. 5 The BibiicaLIbjunction relativo to the coming' of., a,., Messiah has been played upen by charlatans with varying success for ages. Tbere have . been , many, pretenders, but never such a multitude as at present. Schlatter, who gained more fol lowers than any any of hia contemporaries, ILappoared in tbe midst of his success— ran a way' from his fame, and has not been heard ol aiuce : — Huntsman, the ' Modern.- Christ,' t'uiii Ipads tho Angel Dancers in New Jersey; Dr. Cyrus Teed was at last accounts exerting un iron rule ovor tho Koresbaus on' Estero Island, Florida ; Ferdinand Stutzke is yet T.mrlly hoping that eomo of his unfulfilled prophecies will come to pass ; W. E. Hani-, aiond is 'healing by the spirit "aid Rogers, "I b.igus Bible fame, seems to be merely ly ing, iu wait for uiiothA' opportunity ;to lead bis black followers heavenward'; and Sund- ; ford still conducts his.' Holy Ghost and Us "Bible School ' iu Mane In addition to tbe hbeve there have been Bedward, the Black Prophet; Mdlle. Cbtiesdon, who 'claimed to be the mouthpiece of the Angel Gabriel, and iroe exposed as a fraud aitor. Zola- had been hoodwinked into interviewing her; Dr. Oervin, who sold ' Heaven Sent Ointment;' Vignes, the Swiss peasant, who was reported to have effected some wonderful cures by tho ' laying on of hands ;' Dr. John S. Willets, who bequeathed bis prophetic powers to Rodgers ; Dolores Luiz, the 1 Vision Seeing Maiden of Tabasco ;' Lidu Nelson, the visionary, of Pleasant Valley, Ind. ; Bradley .Newell, who converted the Prince of Wales ; Bill James, the Indian healer, whose patients all belong to the Pnyallup tribe ; George Clark, formerly of the Vermont Legislature, where he is said to have made more objections to political measures than any other ten members ; Manley Rawson, Albert Larrabee, Paulin Delpont, . the French boy prophet ; Prof, Zacks Shavno, and August Schrader. As can be seen from the fore going,' neither age, religion, colour, race, nor nationality has been a bar to the aspira tions of - these-, people. Teed, who was formerly known as the.' Chicago Christ,' has become an absolute monarch in a small way. To his followers he is a veiled prophet, and is the master as well as the lord of his people. He owns Estero Island, in Lee county, Florida. The inhabitants are known as 'Koreshans;' his mansion is named 'Beth- Ophpah' and his consort, who, by the way, left her former husband to become queen of the colony, is known as ' Victoria Gratia Horesh.' To be a Koreshan means degrad ing slavery as far as the subject is concerned. Every perebn who joins' the sect is required :to sign over body and soul to tbe high priest, ; who must henceforth be regarded as the actual incarnation of Jesus Christ. Teed is supposed to bo able to create or destroy at will, and tho two laws of the island — wor ship 'of feed as God and blind obedience -to. hia will — are never departed from by the inhabitants. There is no marrying in the civilised sense of the word, and all children born into the colony are taught to believe that Teed is their father. Teed claims to be a healer, -and says he can perform .any of the Biblical miracles. The economic features cf the island are well conducted, and'a manu- facturing plant and two news papers, the ' Flaming Sword' and the ' Pruning Shears,' are carried on. Teed says he is soon to ascend to heaven, and is even now said to be preparing for his' trip to the ' New Jerusa lem,' whence he will conduct the affairs of his colony at long range. Meantime his followers, man, woman and child, work in the field whether fitted for the occupation or not, and groan and hope for the deliverance which they are told is very near. On tbe other hand, the ' Lord's Farm,' which con tains the congregation of the ' Church of the Living God,' presents the question of an existing Messiah from an entirely different point of view. It has been subjected to any amount of newspaper and individual abuse, yet it thrives and gradually acquires new adherents. It is situated near Woodcliffe, N.J., and is presided over by tho » Man Christ,' whose name has been successively Mason T. Huntsman, Huntsmen Mnason, and P. B. Mnason. The present spelling of the name, particularly the initials 'P. B.,' is said to have a Biblical, or at least a mythological significance . This sect- practises no ceremonial observances. Not even Sunday is recognised. Every day is 'sap- posed to be a Sabbath. The eect now owns 'the farm which once belonged to Herman Storms. He is now a nonfiiiiitv in t)n» nanh. and has ha'd all of his protestations against the doings of the members overruled. He is very old. His family believe implicitly in Mnason. One of the sons is a Rutgers Col lege graduate, and a civil engineer. The colony' numbers fifteen men and women. 'Unceasin'g submission to God' and the ' continued easting out of the devil' are the principal tenets of the faith. At times, how ever, thi9 becomes troublesome, inasmuch as the devil may get into the food, which must he destroyed, or into the room, from which, he must be driven; the driving being per formed by means of a sheet which the members catch and stretch across the room as they "Walk/toward .- the . door. This, of course, is only a new form of exorcism adapted to 'fit the ideas "of these . modern adepts. Mnason also contends that he is able to heal by the laying on of hands, but regards it as a subordinate office seldom worthy of practice. He Is a man of striking appearance, of great magnetic power, and zealous in the performance of his queer religious duties, yet hy his own word he once belonged to a certain class of criminals operating in New York city. Alexander Bedward, the negro who blessed the waters of Hope River in the West Indies and had thousands of followers, was once the inmate of an insane asylum. He was also sentenced to two years in prison for using ' highly seditious language.' He escaped, however, on a technicality, and is rapidly growing rich on the proceeds of- his scheme. Being the ' Prophet of the Most High, he claimed to make the waters of the river healing through the efficacy of prayer. Thousands of negroes bathed in the stream. The sick, the well, the halt and the blind all fought for a place to bathe, aud it is said that the general mixing up has caused the propaga tion of much disease. The water, however, remained blessed enly while Bedward stood by. . When he went away its healing power went with him. This plan enabled him to collect a new fee every time he came. 