,giPEEri!L WOMAN; AFIELD MYSTERY , ,JAY AGSES FLEMING. XXIX- _ -NOT 1. HUT THIS JE^15 H,,]i,»v. and I"'" Bood- ,.r..atK troubled not jam' "u'noxirvu-J 'departure, but vbidi she of 21 ,;;!;'.,.!.' "f ,h 1:1 '•„ i.i iiim- his IlBf i- ,-niJiy !1 " walked to- ]].>llnw. from direc- •a Dmius I''--- last live oil meteor-like liglit •sis- 5 , .... v southern sky. ^ ^ ^UniiiKad stoadily S1.T3! / il P'' i illy lie one ; -an, Iii-i- cam.- elasiiin; . '-uilKtlil stilln-ss Hi- fire » fl, ' i ' s , r, «-n—ill'- red light 115 ll,e ' t , r e d d e r . * ^ p,n- mis .-solaim-d. knitting " nrf .--Vn".i in that diction. There 'ih-r.' l.ut R'.-ick.-n Hollow!" '" rianu-: Tlii 1 (ire alarm reir "css3> : shooting up into ^r.UrtorH^vor r^ncrf running .it B minutes brought li:ra ilti? over five Hallow. was ® .^ .'lrt house h.' like tinder, v. It looke<l all rushed towards 4 |V was tin olnnc of ';t?o inmal.-s- for the ''laze from '-very window ill the !%•.':« lO.iek volumes of smoke i - n cp the even- •>f burning HC1»T a:' ,j -T- I t i , fall in all IrBirw. wil oll-of-d. but tlie had not yt nrrlv.Hl. Little Vimi:'- i"'"- th " '"stallt „.,1. .t!il Hannah nm.' rushing Bin® H,-:n-nV s,.,- she •j -if ve "ion- "iU J"' 1 stand .irj f-v :i ;«llw .nature burned "t-ili 1-Mr- your ey.-sV I've lost (he wrflierm™- Oom- - come - and ' '.lie -loor." ft-'.' :mi as* in I'll- 1 porch. Mr Jii.j il. snd rushed headlong insh'ili' Kami-* and smoke towards if = H:inrJn's room. H-r ringing ovi-r -veryiiiiiiR now. He 55'i'a: :V witli nil his might, anon, and rpslRtcd. «nna iron d..or." li-f rfioutpd to u'tilliin. -ind o- 1 " ill save '*H»F:rei-!; a: -md asain : it t,-. -.In 1 'Ifili liloxv. and went itfiiiE ir.i'i th» mom. She was FtandjelEfr-"" ,r ' f "'srnins 1 . directlv (j^E-f]i Ftruck Set- heavily, and gyifr ;>se floor. He sprang in aiaicjr hX from tmir-aftl. Thf aj'f of the oak door had struck SKEititic-id n.'ar the lemple: a great jatfiiHws pouring over hate lifted her in iiis arms. The Isto already surging through the jjjnto:. Us bowe.1 hip head over Jic?. Eirah his lrari3»n rueh-.M out of the J? hid hi on tlu- eiound. peuseless. ®iiiii;.snil not a moment too soon, for iiaiiotf lai-T. witli a dreadful roar, 6E fir? leaned up hifffier than ever, and fl;roof fell in with a crash. ' Twelrs: by th'-' ft.-eplo of Castleford BiE6srftl-t»'eIie: by Lhe loud-voiced jijii <jt tis Stimvood staples. In -theiti-iSK. afar filc-ncc- of the August Tv£ v .i.Vr-nieiallic strokes came era is to upper chamber of the Siira- EoEirtTi-.iipon thr l-ig, curtain dd-laiiiiittKJ fouv-postor Harriet Har- 7MH by cviic. Drio?) Kf'jrtiily aid could reach her mir. Til- blow .,f the heavy, iron- SuSirf ift-r had don.- its work. Dying! Jfcft-tra;bim;/=:.iko about it this time. I 1 S3? by fcr-:-. on the threshold of Wf-^nia?)! !«5 aefor-. Efirr^e Iier. MrOtiE r.id wU Jfr? TIaj'man's story toihcBrlo: Tlu.vsland, and summoned ife krdsbip tl>; br aside of the dying taa. in an adjoinins room at that JBiKnt iTfre the Mil, l^dv Cecil, and OSi *S!'daufiiterIia.= tome v.'ith me." tlie ®l52ifi. tv.Wly. -She knows all.' She ttter s-r- llr.= Harman—lo hear, if it for Jlrs HanrKin to speak, jodnm-j.-in ,if your stor\\- from her lips. htiaifv=n5V,1I will aiir.w, Sir Otis, this Uian ?'.-r rfrfit." "It is b»r lishi." H-'-nrv Otis said, telv ; fc j,, . -the f,.., to lir.-.thin- Mii'-tin: I.'r. Hra\ •fiur.ij. v •'i:ly form and 1 lb.- r].i,ii- wide for "1-a. t<„,.n>v l.v ." It- said. '"She is y 4^ is.-ioi!s. nnd she has 1 r.mft 1 •s:"—ho looked at "U '.'ill lie very fe. .i s '. ^ ' 7"UVJ!I would kfcal." an<1 glided to \- .iiin Jjcht of the <P.u-n upon the of lior mother: The not nudible; the •li •;r? moved a Opposite bei- pulse in Stfck , f, ' n " vv '"'. and Stood bean ""J','"!'- "•-'»•>• Otis bent „ p "' Jt nf the risid toce - theearrs- - •' a " 1 ' a1 " 3 at the sound "^tro" Ih " dyiE, S face lit T?n failU "' y :h,: ' came- H- I am fonv " awa>-- tent if <«n- "ne? Mr Oiis's story far.; m,; 1 V " u '' ''hiM—your own— twenty years ago, or it. if you !^e"rev™r ilrs ' 1 hatffd n, y lady— Li„n - lJar:ed me from B(rfa Lionel:- I^camVi' 3 ? in ~ 1he °ld love of her • all e,«i 1 " love - mighty ^ftonta I'^ion. mighty to ro ^ ^ '''""pass the earth. of d-a,,, 1,1 f ' n dure in the very l>f'iu and took itEMo me 'rl' !l " sa = at this Si 1^ aaa w asain. as heamint?" 3udse « she ^e lovely S«ui 4 " w n "'hose cheeks the SS^ ,1',/ cau ™»" The ™s 6 = n k -y'' a£ answered by ^ S ' ent, y t0 the Bide ^ ^ r s nl^f her knees. tZ ^minZ-^ir hears and wUl 'Sf 31 '" >'s in c^l. J0hn ^gerfield. hJ-S; U< : for ' 3 churchyard, -saw her two tilghte Jflrfli aana Miss looked at Henry Otis. Hern castle; 318 He^^^vverea. with r i ^ y ^ 'i-d great wrong," tile Sips Whispered again, the tumins once more to the earl. The or her child seemed to -vvake jio Cotton whatever ^thm her. hatTd ^y lady—I swore revenge—and I took ir i kept her child. She parted me from Uonel He loved V . Li J'v_i *-ay—she ainUy^1SPerhls never spoke again ™=ee Laav 'died * Cecil's face lay lav li.iri„fl buried in her hands^n , y the others dead silence tell. The ^ closed, a spasm shook her irom-head to thC ' ips Eeemed t0 toi once. Then there was a moment's quiet, a strong shiver, and with it the last flicker of the lamp went out and death stood in the midst of them. -Come away, my darling," the „nr, whisper, tenderly, in La<j5r CecU's Two sightless eyes looked up at him dumb misery. Then, with a g-asp, the tension that had beld her up so long gave way-Cecil fell back fainting in his arms. And so died Harriet Harman-a terrible death, but a. Just penalty tor the misery she had wrought upon every one with whom she had come In contact The one wrong inflicted on herself in her earliest youtli, while the tide of passion was strong in her heart, had become engraven deep in her very nature and even-succeeding act was but a link in the chain of revenge—everv crime but another -stepping-stone to Its consummation. And now was come tlie expiation at tlie Very moment, as she had hoped, of final triumph. ' " The ' blinds were dose&—a solemn Kusli lay over the house. In the parlor of the Silver Rose a coffin stood on trestles. In it the body of the unhappv Harriet Barman. CHAPTER XXX.—BETWEEN THE OLD LIFE AND THE NEW. The Earl of Ruysland was seated alone at Scarswood, brooding over the recollection of the confession made bv Harriet Barman, when a hasty summons was given at the door, and. in answer to a peremptory "Come in," on his lordship's part, the footman, Soame<= presented himself. " Tlie post my lord—letters for your lordship.". The bowing Soames placed a silver salver, on which half a dozen letters ivere arranged before his lordship, and backed from the room. « There were one or two for .Lady Cecil —one from Sir Arthur Tregenna—tw< for Lady Danrerfield, and two for himself. Tlie first of these letters was on business from his solicitor, the other in a hand that was new to him. He broke it open. It was lengthy. He glanced at the name—"Redmond O'Donnell.' "Now, what does O'Donnell mean by making me wade through four closelywritten pages," his lordship said, in an aggrieved lone. "How little consideration some people have for the feelings of their fellow-beings! I'll have to look over it. at least, I suppose." He adjusted his eye-glass, smoothed out the pages, and glanced through them. "Mfss Herneastle"—'" Kather- Ine Dang-erfield "—what did it mean Everywhere those two names! His lassitude vanished. He began at the beginning, and slowly and carefully read the letter through. His face Changed as it liad not changed when Harriet Hannan lojff Trim that his daughter was not his daughter. 'Goodness above! what was this ? Katherine Danger-field not dead! Kaiherine Dangerfield and Miss Herneastle one and the same! Katherine Dangerfield his daughter! Katherine Dangerfield and Hiss Herneastle one! It -teas plainly there—all tlie proofs, one after another; no need for verification—no _ doubting—no disputing now. She liad not died. He recalled the picture of Lionel Cardonnell in the possession of the governess; ter interest in tlie story, the strong likeness to. -his dead ed, Trtfe, that had struck him the first time he saw her. The ghost and tlie resemblance to Katherine Dangerfield were explained now. A wig and dyed eyebrows were all the disguises she had assumed. What a bold game she had 'played! And Trssennsi had fallen in love with her, and he had done his best to separate tbem—and tried to induce him to propose to Harriet Harman's daughter. His daughter ' lived—had relented at " the eleventh hour—had burned the confession—renounced her retribution—and gone into the world alone and unaided to fight tlie bitter battle of life. "Oh, Heaven!" he cried, " this is the hardest to bear of all!" The drawing-room door opened as he sat there, and Lady Cecil came in. She wore one of lier white summer dresses, the dresses she liked best, and in which she looked her loveliest A knot of fairy roses in her bosom, a rose-hued ribbon binding back the hazel hair, and the pearly face, ever colorless,blanched, as it had been since the revelation first came upon her, to a dead white. •"Papa." she cried—the name that for twenty years had been familiar to her lips would never be resigned—" what has happened—anything new?"" ••yes, something new—something very hard to believe, very hard to bear. Queenie. the grave and the headstone In Castleford churchyard are falsehoods and cheats. Katherine Dangerfield never died!" She stood and looked at him—speechless with surprise. "Tes, Queenie, she lives. My—that I should say It!—my daughter—Katherine Dangerfield did not die—she lives under another name. Can you guess It?" "I can. It is Helen Herneastle." He placed the letter he had Just read in her hand. "Head that," he said : "it is from O'Donnell, and explains all. T think I could have bome anything but this." . Even in that moment she shrank a little at. die sudden mention of O'Donnell's name. Lord Ruysland placed the lengthy epistle in her hand, and rose up to resume his walk. • "Sit down," he said, "it's a long affair to read, and you don't look fit to stand; Are yon ill. Queenie? Your face Is the color of your dress.'' She read the letter over very slowly— the facts were placed "so clearly Sn order that there could be no doubt Katherine Dangerfield lived in Helen Herneastle, Ijord Huysland's daughter, whose rightful name and place she herself had usurped so long. Lord Huysland's daughter, wronged beyond all reparation, maddened by wrongs until she had turned at bay, had done unto others as she had been done by. Arid now she bad not only departed from Scarswood, but from Castleford, forced out once more to face the pitiless world, friendless, penniless, alone. . 'Oh, It is.Mard—it Is cruel—It Is bitter!" she cried, starting up. ' Papa, let us go to -her—let us find her. at once— at once?- I wil 1 resign evei^ythmg—I will make what reparation I can- -But who on earth can ever compensate her. for what tebe has suffered? . How. shall I ever daie.to'look her in the face? And to think—thai my—my mother " She covered ha- face with both hands In a passionate outbreak of tears "Be quiet, Queenie," was Lord Bnysland's answer, a,touch of impatient pain In voice "there Is no question^ at our being -too law?. Hate lias dealt thegossip , of the worid, the talk of the ) London Oood heaven drive a man nSl! One thing* S Ifmo^1 01 and thaTi, fI ? OSt wonderful o£-all, feren^fi ' al O'Donnell's inter- * lr h ° aW "P her rever.se, moment It was are a t Women bS^oi « ; I s a hackneyed aphorism the tne Ponr t our Gospels. S,' 1 ^ might 1 say again, if she to t h t j ^ f !° Ve the m,ow-but I ™ ousht si r Arthur ^^oPPed. and glanced furtively at afo™.^ Standine ' her ' downcast, a lovsly rose-pink flush on either cheek! perhaps by some inward intuition her ! understood this other woman s-perhaps some glimmering of SS b,^ V V hiCh °'I>°nnell hinfseW was blind broke upon her. To Cecil Chve It seemed a very easy thing for anj woman to love Redmond you understood, O'Donnell lou look as if y< "Solve this Queenie," the earl said, riddle, if you can." "I think the solution must be the innate nobility and generosity of-how ^ , her?—Miss Herneastle, then, herself. For she is noble-she is ereat almost beyond belief. Captain 0 Donnell is right, it is a noble nature warped in spite of her; others in her place, with her genius, would have done far worse. Tou must iearn to love her. papa; to look upon her as your daughter—to let her take the name I bear—tlie place I fill when l am Her voice broken. "Sir Arthur-Tregenna's wife. Is that what you would say. Queenie? Well" —an impatient sigh here—-I suppose I musttry/' , "When. I, am. -gone—that is what meant to say, papa. For I will go—it is only just I should go back to the life to which I was born. And I will never be Str Arthur Tvegenna's wife. This letter"—she took it up—"I see is from Sir Arthur to me. When I answer it It will be to tell him how distasteful such a marriage would be to me." Lord Ruysland listened, his old weary, calm returning—his habitual expression, half-cynical, half - i n d ifferent—back. "Quixotic, but correct, perhaps. Tou will offer Sir Arthur his freedom—very generous on your part; and he will refuse it—equally generous on his. Tou are right Queenie—go through the form, by all means; it is what I would do myself in.your place. But you will marry Sir Arthur, nevertheless." "I will never marry Sir Arthur. In all likelihood I.shall never marry at all. Tou need riot smile like that, papa—I mean it. Sir Arthur loves your real daughter, and one day he will marry her. Her faults have been many; but when he knows the truth such love as his will find it easy to overlook those faults. He was anxious for me to become his wife because, through no fault of his, he felt he stood in some way committed, and I—oh! I was base and ungenerous when I thought of accepting him. I thank Heaven that I know the truth before it is too laxe. If he loved me, even, and if I loved him, I would still refuse" to become his wife now. As it js, all the powers on earth would not force me to marry him." The earl saw that she spoke the truth —that all argument was useless here. "Tou don't love him," he replied, quietly: "then perhaps you do love some one else—the Free Companion, thesoldier of fortune, the Chasseur d'Afrique, for instance?" Sine looked at him steadily, the color deep on her cheeks, a bright light in her eyes. "Tes!" she said, proudly, resolutely; "I love him! I have loved him from the hour I saw him first!" "And he has told you all, no doubt— the story of Torryglen and his youthful presumption and folly, tolerably outlived in six- years' campaigning, if I judged him rightly?" The glow, deepened on her face—"the light that never was on sea or land.'" the light ft l(?ve that knows itself beloved again. "He lias told me," she said, under her breath, "and he has not outlived it— thank Heaven! Tes, though I should never see him again on earth—thank Heaven. Papa, do you think you did right then?" "Well, no. Morally speaking, perhaps 1 did not; socially speaking, I am sure I did. - Tou couldn't have married him, Queenie—I hope you know that And you can't marry him now either, that I (an see. Think of roughing it out in Algeria, grilling alive under an African sun—no society, a camp follower, and' sooner or later an Irish officer's half-pay widow. He's a fine fellow—always was —the sort by gad! if I were a woman, I should like to marry myself. But you haven't been brought up to rough it, and —it won't do, Queenie, it won't do." The color had faded from her face, the happy light from her eyes: a wistful •weariness and longing had taken their place. "Well, well, we won't discuss the question at present, Queenie. Take your letter and answer it We will have Sir Arthur directly after, and you and he can settle these heroics between you. Still, I think, if I were you, I would marry him, Queenie." She smiled in answer, stooped, and kissed him as he sat down. "Tou ought to' hate me for my—my mother's sake, if not for my own," she gaia, "Tou are very good to me. Lord Ruysland." "Am I?" he answered, rather drearily. "Being 'very good" to any one has not been the besetting virtue of my life. We'll not talk of my goodness, Cecil, child; ifs a subject that won't bear discussion." (To be Continued.) 