' The Sydney Ghost. ' Mystery Explained. : THE ' ghost .'.tory ;has " received a bad knoolc by . I tho narrative of the ' lady who formerly oricu-' pied'the alleged haunt's of'the «host. .' She is a i widow; and with,her two ohildreu had occupied ! the house for.three months; only vacating it on the Saturday previous to the night "bu .which Constable'Harland and his mate met with their desperate adventure. This lady'states: that she' had not only seen no manifestations nf a ghostly, nature during her tenancy, "but,that she had, as a martyr to rheumatics, frequently lain awake for hours together, at tho very hour when churchyards yawn. The dematerialised would appear, if the constables' stoiy be correct, to have a decided partiality for frightening .mere mortals; why, then, did ho ' not indulge his' whim when his lonely fellow-tenant was bût a l>ure weak woman with a couple of children ? She utterly discredits the story.' Aa ari expia-' I nation sba states that a small ' fox-terrier, her' ' property, had been very fond' of climbing to a; »mall attic room, the stairs to which are very steep. When BUB removed to her present resi- dence, the dog would sometimes go baok to the. old house, and if the door was open resumo possession of his former lair. On tho day pre- vious to the eventful night, a lady who lives in the vicinity, and who has possession of ? 'the keys, bad lent them to soma intending tenants! to inspoot the house, and on their-return - the back door had been left open. It is moat pro-; bahlo the dog Was sitting on the step when' the! constables hove in sight ; that he went' upstairs on their endeavour to approach him ; and'that on their final retirement he followed thBm down again. At any rate, the dog was away from hom« that night, «nd returned again the following Aay.T-È. Newa. . . t^Y *-\:'?<;:].-¡-.i; iHotLOWAY'a OINTMENT ANI) Hl¿t8,-ÜO»ÍílÍHV' Influenza. -The Smithing proti<N*tius of those medicaments'' render' them weir 'worthyof tris in all diseases of the lunga. "In 'common'cold s and influenza thoPillB taken intorimjly uhd tho Ointment rubbed:,extornally",are exceedingly efficacious.: ' When influenza is epidemic thiB treatment is easiuBt, safest, and surest.- Holló-' way's Pills and Ointment purify tho blood,"re-, move all obstructions to its ' free circulation; through tho lungs, relieve tho overcharged air tubes, %nd render respiration freu without rodu cingtho strength, irritating the unvvuanrdepress', ing- the spirits. Such are tho ready 'means 6f saving suffering when afflicted with oolds, oóughs, bronchitis, and other ' complaints to wbiob so many are seriously and permanently , afiUoUd ia aaoet countries. .-,;^v, 