A VOItEBFdUL WOUANI THr DANGERFIELD MYSTERY.' 1ly taes .MAY AGNES FLEMING. t.cptai:a iDonnell walked on to the -o-n I ,st in tlought. The ghcst of Sir Peter was a riddle he could not read. At lenith he reached the churchyard of Castlkeord. Then he su:-denly paused. tA lstt and a woman ware standing just t, vt gate. screened' from the view of pi E.en at that distance he recognised the nwomanas figure-it was not to be mis taken-it was Miss lNerncastle. .Fate cemted to take a malicious.pleasure in throwing him across her-path, in fore dnooming him to play the spy~ As the th,,ught crossed: his mind:the tsao turned, and he saw that theface of the mnan was that of an-utter stranger. lie saw their faces clearly as 'they turn. ed front the gate and appproached him. In the profound silence the last words-of liss Ilerncastle. in her rich, sweet, full tones, came to him: "You must go back, Henry, and- at n.e-to,-night. That you have .een at Gastleford at all will cause talk'enough." Their hands clasped. The man mur maured something earnestly?in- too low' a voice to be heard. -Miss Herncastle's clear voice responded: "Give ttp--give up now,,after -all::I have suffered, all I have_ woriked solard to accomplish, all I have done already? .eier! Tou should know me better than that The tirst instalment of my re venge I have had. What I have sworn'I will do; then. I care little what conies. Good iight. my kind, my faithful friend=- go back to London at once." She pulled a thick veil she wore over her face. and walked away, with lier own rapid, resolute step. The man lingered for nearly ten minutes; then he disaip peared in the gloaming. And Captain O'Donnell! He stood like one petrified. Who was Miss Herncastle? He glane eI at the grave and the grey stone gleam ing in the moojl-rays that told of the le gend of Katherine Dangerfleld's "death. f Katherine Dangerfileld were dead --if what reason had he to doubt it? And yet'-and yet:--his blue eyes flashed, his lips set. his face grew like iron with the sadden, stern resolve. -I'I get at the bottom? of this juggling. nll find out who you are, my mysterious Miss Herneastle. I'll find out whetleirit was Katherine Dangerfield's ghost Sir feotr saw under the King's Oak, or-a living woman":' CHAPTER XXV.-THE STORY OF -THE IVORY MINIATURE. In the evening, at Scarswood, Miss Herncastle was seated with.Sir Arthur Tregenna in a window recess of the drawingroom. the lady embroidering at her frame, the gentleman watching the the clear-cut profile as it bent over the work, the long, white, syift fingers,-and neither talking much. "How ihard you ,work,. MIss 'Hern castle," remarked Lord Ruysland,bland ly, his lordship having crossed the room to join the baronet and his companion; "you put us idle people to shame. ii Sir Arthur taking lessons in needlework ? I hope you find him an apt pupil, my dear young lady?" Sir Arthur colored, partly with an nayance, partly with a sense of compunc ion. Latterly it had begun to dawn up on him that his mission to Scarswood had nt been fulfilled-that he had not asked Lady Cecil Clive to be his wife.-She must have known what brought him down she must have known what had been.on his lips that night when Miss Hern castle entered the boudoir. Miss Herncastle smiled, perfectly un embarrassed, and reached over for the dainty little basket that held her flosses and laces. Either by accident or design, the earl never knew which, the little bas ket upset, and flosses and laces fell in a shining heap at the earl's feet. . Some thing else fell, too-a square, hard sub stance, that flashed in the light. Sir Arthur picked up the basket and fancy stork. his lordship the square substance. What was it? A portrait-an old-fash hned ivory- miniature, beautifully paint i and set in a jewelled frame. His gs fell upon it, and a sudden stillness Coreat surprise came over him from iad to foot; then he turned round, and bted Miss Herneastle full in the face;, She met his gaze ivith cilm composure, lid reached out her hand. "3y favorite souvenir,". she said. )"i ape it is not injured?- How stupid of me to upset the basket!l Thank's, niy 'lord.'" But my lord still held the ilory minla tyre-still looked at MBissHerncastle. "I beg your pardon."ie sa iId n a: sl tered voice: "'it sounds every impertinent, Itt I must ask you where you got this." Miss Herneastle looked-surprised, "That--that picture, my lord?' Oh, 'thereby hangs a tale.' Do you know who it i-?' "Miss Herncastle, do you?" - "No; and I have the greatest curiosity -n the subject. That picture came Into mr pssession In the'- most --accidental manner, and for the past six years I have bten trying to discover its owner, but as letl have not succeeded.- Her name was SrI Vsavasor. - - - l'Y .vasor! i knew more than one* Mrs Vavasr. but none of them in the ltat likely to possess this picture." ,."jou knew the orlgifial'of that picture, h, my lori? . "Undoubtedly, M.is; Heii'i&stle.; The stiginal of this picture is Major Lionel ardonnell, my late wife's only brother, 'a present in Quebec. May I, in turn, in Mire who was Mrs Vavasor, and how she cme to be possessea of this?" Re was watching her-vague, strange tplaIions afloat in his mind. From first t last she was a strange, mysterious cature this governess;an air of mystery e-ned to enshroud her.' Her possession O his brother-in-law's picture seemed to dhP the climanx. Miss Ierneastle met his suspicious r2e with the calm of conscious recti tude. TIwo questions, my lordwhich, unfor tunately, I am incapable of answering. Sig years ago I made the acquaintance 3 rs Vavasor. We became very friend l, not to the point of intimacy, though, and one day she took away an old In dia casket of mine--well, we will say by mistake. Subsequently I recovered it, I t i t discovered that portrait. The allO?Ing day she departed to Franceand hder these circumstances I kept the pic tnt until she could send for it. She never dd end for It. and I have never met her " I never heard the name of the ttleman whose likeness it was until to las threaded her needle, and placidly tet on with her work. The earl listen ein Profound silence. It sounded plaus r.e obh, and yet he did nat believe a Olof it; but, then he was prejudiced Maist tlisp, Herncastle. bIehanded it back to her, and rose. "What rwas your Mrs Vavas?ar like, 1-s llecrnEastle?" P"she as a little, dark woman, of S"traction, I believe, in spite of *.r ,Eangh namne with black eyes and , nd an incessant smile. As a rule, Sle called ler very pretty. Her Chris 1, aam e was Harriet." z -arriet ? TYe--I see-I see. It was ?-?*t Lelaeheur, to a dead certainty tat arman e rather, under an alias." he t?3tE1 to himself. "I thought sa from erst. I thought her dead years go." S" t antred away. Sir Arthur in 'lit. the ivory miniature and gazed tDid u0 k" noI "ajor Cardonnell, Sir Stou 1sugl)p. e you must have th' I naever saw Lionel Cardonnell," t bronet said "I heard the story of ' ? . V'ery handsome face, is it lti t aco handsomer than that of the rtooUntess of Ruysland, and yet like ~Toknew the countess?" 'Rita nl" not. The Countess of la, uliet before her daughter Sh neelk old, but I have often t .Iandt lture. Lady Cecil wears r'?CUrere is a large painting at 835 'Du.os L?ady :.Cecl , resemble her" lotlier., Ifnsno,. heri?nalerm ast- ccr-. tainlv h-se'-steri "'aer beautiful "-' "•Slio does:nt in xhelieast resebnile her mdther-noiý?iIer fath er elther; as: you mtay se-nor-say ia'mttti-'ea the CiId, or1 Ca.idonneli fmilies. Miiss Herncstie,I il 'onu thin! ittstinnge if I tell you that you re- nsblo -it times,;in the mostsin-m Impossible, Sir Arthur." "It is perfectly true. j, His .lordship saw thel resemblance 'the first evening he'met you." eHer self-command was wonderful, but the filmy web of flessy lace dropped sud denly in her lap. Then her soft, musi cat laugh chimed- on the. stillness, her smiling face turned to him once more:. " Another unaccountable -resem blance," she said. "Really, Sir Arthur, I begin to think I must be a most ab normal sortof person.' I star'tl' poor, nervouSlrir Peter by my realor fancied resemblance to a young'lady reIative '?f his dailadnd gone-I startle the earl by my resemblance to his late wife.. .I ,wonder, now, whose double I shall find myself next?'! "It is odd,"'Sir -rthur aiasi-ered, look-' aing at her gravely. "Your resemblance to the late tliss K-atherlne Dangerfield must be very striking indeed. Air Tal. bot," of Morecambe, is almost as much I imliressed by it as SirPeter. Your like-. ness to Lady Rutsland as portraitis only. seen at times, andl then not:ae?ri' rong 1.:. Still it is there." . e P "i nd this handsome yourng=-cr is Lady:;Ruysland's brothier? 's. e'fe;.are rmbsnsn' not easily-to b4 explained 'con nected with 31fts Vavasor that make me extremely desirous toýknow allI.~can of hler antecedents. Was this"'gentleman =so greatly above ieir In ra3nk as lihe must bhave been-really her lover?" ."Mf-rs ravasor 7 But you forget, 'Miss Herneastle, I do not know your fMrs Va vasor.-Lionel Cardonnell has not set foot fi' Elglatid for : fiveeand-twenty years. Your tMrs Vavasor may have known him put In Canada." - N" "o;y Miss :erneastle replled, " I fancy not. She knew him in England, and very long iago: 'IHeC..inalden.:i-me. wa:s Harriet Lelacheiur." : ' ': Oh," cried Sir Afthur -a new light of intelligence bre-tkingover him; "Har riet Lelachetir! Then it Is iuite clear, of-course.' And yot knew iIrs Harman,: did -yol, Miss Hernicastle?" ' "I hlave met her. She called herself -Alrs "avsasor though-a false name, pos 'sibly?. "' "Or possibly'she married again after Tlorman's death. :Well, Mliss Hern c.astle- conceiting' Caidonnell-he. 'was -her lover," replied the baronet. "'And would have bleen'lier husband if he could--s that true; Sir ,Arthur?" "Perfectly true;' I believe." "Lady Ruysland--his sister-carried .her off to some lonely place on the Cor nish coast, and imprisoned her there while he exclhangqd into a regiment or dered to Canada," pursued Miss Hern castle. '"Again, quite true. I see she has been making you het' confidant." '-"It was a fortunate escape for Mrajor Cardonnell;- he h.?s reason to congratu -late himself . and thank his sister's elev-er strategy. By the way; though. -Lady Ruysland and her ex-waiting maid -must have been- reconchin after cw-uts ,froni: ahatI' I heard-. the latter say. ",, -' She was working industriously once' more. - The Cornish baronet was watch ing-her. -- - "'They did.. MIy lady, by way of re compense, I suppose, dowered her wait fng maid, and married her to a trades man of the place--his name was Har nian. He died before the first year of his married life had expired, leaving his young wife, and a babe of a fortnight old. Of course, of all this I know noth ing personally-I have heard my poor father though, and Lord Ruysland spea.k 'of'it so often that it seems familiar to me as :ahousehold word." '"And Lady Ruysland came to the aid of her, servant again, I suppose, In her hour of widowhood and adversity? She was noble in that at least." "She was'noble in all things," Sir Ar thur 'answered. " It was a loyal and iners nature, 'but with a passionate 'pride, a fiery temper, a latent Jealousy, and recklessness that have wrecked many a noble nature before. It is not a'ple?ssant story, Miss Herncastle, but at ]east it is no secret She flew to her humble friend, not to succor, but for shelter." - "For' shelter," Milss Herneastle re peated, looking at him steadily, " and died in her arms." ."Ali;, youik'know the story. -Yes, in that humble cottage, with only her old servant by her side, poor, passionate, cr ring Lady Ruysland died, She was in sanely jealous--who is to tell with or without cause?-of one who had been her rival years before--younger, :lirsr than herself, as highly born, but poor. Tis lordship was absent in Italy-rumor said to be near her. 'Very likely rumor erred, as it usually does ; at least her ladyship believed it. and on the night of the earl's return a violent scene ensued. He left her In high anger--blitter woreds had passed-and in the frenzy of her rage and jealousy she fled. S-ext morn ing she was nowhere to be found. All day they looked for her in vain. At nightfall a messenger cameo to Clive Court from .Mrs Harman, summoning his lordship. A daughter had been horn \--a wife was dead!" iUii hiore the embroider' UIiopipid hie Jtiss Herncastle's lap. Her eyes were dilated, fixed on his face: her lips woire breathless and apart in the intensity of her interest. Her death was a terrible blow to him for a time. Clive Court was shut up, \--s T~lartuman w'a-s handsomely pension ed, and the baby, Lady Cet!, left with "For two years Lord Ruysland nwas absent; then a letter from Irs Harman recalled him. She w-as of French ex trcetion, and had taken a sudden fancy to visit her relations in Paris-n-would his lordship come and take his little daugh ter, and ict her go? He returned to England. received Lady Cecil from hier hands, placed her with somne relatives in o remote poart of England to grow up, and creturned to his wandering life. Mrs Hfarman leftEnglandwith her daughter,. and I fancy the Earl never heard of her from that day to this, until he chanced to see his brother-in-law's picture a few mnments ago." lMiss Herneastle now rose from her scant. and as site got up, for the first time in the baronet's experience of her, held out her hand as she said good night. "'You havse done me a great favor to night, Sir Arthur," she said, "greater thtan you know. Let me thank you, and -good night." He looked up at her In surprise. She smiled-a strange, exultant sort of smll-looking. not at him, but across the room, nt the figures of the Earl of R.uysland and the Lady Cecil Clive. Long after, he had reason to know what th. strange and triumphant smile mnant. You may understand some day, ~Sr Arthur, and sooner than you think. Once more, good night." With the words she was gone. He wastched the tall, commanding figure as it swept across the room and disappear ed. -Iiss Herncastle went up to her room, but not to bed. She sat down by the open window, a starry light in her eyes, almost a flush of color on iher marble face. "At last-at last!" she said, "my hour has come! I have heard all I wanted to hear. I see my way clear to the end now!" CHAPTER XXVI.-THE SCAR ON TEMPLE. MLisa Herncaste had walked into Cas tleford to post a privateletterofher own. She returned as the stable clock was striking sir, and, as she walked up the avenue, came face to face with Sir Peter and Captain O'DonnelL The. little cowardly baronet had been seized with a sudden and gree.t fancy for the tall; soldierly, feA-less Irishman. O'Donnell suited him exactly. He had not a grain of fear in his nature, he had a cool head, a steady nerve, and he was intensely Interested In Sir Peter's affair o thie ghost. O'Donnell had taken it lp. had promised to investigate, did not beileve It was a ghost, and Sir Peter breathed again. Both gentlemen bowed to the 'pale, tired-looking governess. The baronet turlied round, and looked darkly and sus piciously after her. "Where has she been now?" he asked distrustfully. "What do all these long, solitary rambles mean? Don't you see the likeness, O'Donnell, to the picture or Katherine Dangerneld? You must be blind if you do not." "Oh, I'see a certain likeness," O'Don nell repeated, "but nothing so marked as to-be terrifying. By-the-by, I vas examining the photograph with a mag nifying glass, and I discovered a mark or scar ofsome kind on the left side of the face right above the temple. Now, had Katherine.Dangerfield a birthmark there, or anything of the sort?" '_The.line you saw was the sear of a w'ound that came pretty near ending her life. On the voyage out to India her nurse let her fall out of her arms; she struck the blunt end of a spike, and gave herself a horrible gasif just above the temple. I saw the scar a hundred times; it,p'asn't very disfiguring, and she never fried to conceal it. A white triangular scar, that used to turn lividly red when she got angry." O'Donnell listened thoughtfully. .."Humph!" he said, "a scar like that it would be impossilje ever to obliterate, even liad she lived to-be eighty. By the wa?y~pu-told me, Sir Peter, she died in the louse of a man named Otis, I think a dditor, who afterwards removed to London? Do you know if this man still lives?" "I knon- nothing about him; but there is no reason to suppose he does not." ,."Was his Christian name Henry?" "Yes; Henry Otis, that was his name." "Was he tall, spare, light-haired, very sallow complexion, with a stoop?" -"Yes, he was. O'Donnell, have you seen hint-you describe him exactly?" "I think I have. And she died in his house, and was buried from it, you say? How long after did he leave Castleford for-London?" "I don't remember exactly - some months, I think. There - were peo ple who said he had fallen in love with Katherine, and was miser able Ilire after her death. She was buried from his house, and he erected that stone to her memory. Then he took his mother away, and went up to London". . .- upt "He and his mother kept a servant, I supp6se? Now, if-the servant who liv ed with-them at the time of KIatherine Dangerfield's death be still alive, it strikes me I should like to see that ser vant. One question more, Sir Peter,"on another subject. Do you know a place some three miles from here-a dismal, lonely sort of house, called Bracken Hollow?" "Certainly I know Bracken Hollow." His voice dropped to a whisper; and he glanced half-fearfully around. "TWho in Castleford does not? Dismal and lonely! I should think so. Bracken Hollow? is a haunted house." "Who lives at Bracken Hollow?" " An old wpman named Hannah Gowan. She was Katherine Danger field's nurse in her youth, and Sir John pensioned her off, and gave her Brack en Hollow." "Whe--w-w--w !" O'Donnell's low, shrill whistle pierced the quiet air. Katherine Dangerfield's nurse! By George! that accounts-" He stop ped. Sir Peter looked at him, all his never ending suspicions and fears aroused. "Accounts for what?" O'Donnell halted in his slow walk, and laid' his hand confidentially on the shoulder of the baronet, and looked calmly down into his little wizen face. "Sir Peter," he said, gravely, "a light is beginning to dawn upon me-the mys teries are lifting slowly, but, I think, surely. As certain as we both live, this strange mystery shall be sifted to the bottom, and the ghost of Scarswood, the ghost of Bracken Hollow, exorcised! Now I am going away by myself to think." And he turned and strolled off, leaving the petrified little baronet standing un der the lime trees, the picture of dazed and helpless astonishment. The first room the young Irishman passed was the library; its windows stood wide open on the lawn; it looked cool and dark and deserted-a suitable place to think in. He stepped in, let the sea-green cur tains fall again, flung himself into a chair, his hands still deep in his pockets, his brows knit in a reflective frown. Tile room had d.emed very dark, Com ing in from the glare of the sunset; but, after five minutes, he lifted his eyes from the carpet, and found it was not dark. He also found that he w.sas not alone; the library h1ad another cccupant -that occupant Miss Herncastle--Miss Herneastle asleep, She had removed her hat-one hand pillowed her head--her face, with the light full upon it, was turned towaards him. And in her sleep she dreamed, for her brows were contracted, her lips moved. She looked fairer in her slum her than he had ever thought her awake. Who was she? A strange woman, surely-a wonderful woman, if the dim, mysterious suspicions adrift in his mind were right. , Who was she? An inspiration came to hims-an in spiration that lifted him from his chair to iris feet, tihat caught his breath for one breathless moment. The scar on IKatherine Dangerfield's temple! He hIardly knew what he suspected as yet. wild, igiprobable, impossible things; and yet he did suspect. Now, if ever, was the time to end all suspicions and test the truth. Mtiss Herncastle wore her black hair nearly down to her eyeblrows; whtt easier than now to lift one of these shining waves, and look at the left temple-it was the side of the face uppermost. I-e advanced-hesitated. Something in her helplessness, in the sacredness of sleep, appealed to his strength and his manhood, and held him back. It seem ed a dastardly deed-to do while she slept what he dared not do awake. And yet It was his only chance. "I may be judgitg her cruelly, shlame fully," he thought; "if She scar is not there I am. For her own sake I will look." He drew near-he stooped over the sleeping form; very gently he lifted the blackwanvesofhair that covered forehead and temple. A full and noble brow he san-w it was those bands of dead, dark hair hid. Lifted off, it altered her won derfully, made her ten times more like the portrait of the dead girl. He glanc ed at the temple. Good Heaven! Yes, thlere woas tie livid triangular scar Sir Peter Danger field had describedl just abo?v-e the tem ?ple. He let the hair drop-he absolutely reeled for a second, and grasped a chair. He stood there for a few moments thun derstruck, spellbound, looking down at her, and then drawintg a deep breath, softly left the room . (To be Continued.) 