MISS BLIKKEB SCORED. 'Thai Biinker girl ia hateful,!' said the girl ' She is,' assented the girl in the Alpine hat; 'but how ? ' 'How did I find it out!' said the girl with the sunburnt nose. ' Well, the way [ cuine to grief with her was this : We decided to give a ghost party at our last birthday kicknp.' 'Some old sheet:and-pHIow- cj£e affair, I suppose f 'Nothing of the kind. You all eit in a dark room and tt 11 ghost stories in turn. The person who tells the most blood-curdling one gets t he prize. Of coarse, the incidents.are all supposed to have happened to yon personally. 'Of course, I wanted to create a goed impressiai, especially as Harry was there that week, and that Blinker girl was fairly bantu-, ing his footsteps. Somehow, I couldn't manage to thtuk er even dream of a good one, though I ate a snpper of Welsh ratebit «u purpose. Finally, the very day of the parry, 1 went to see my laundress about my dress — we were all to wear white, you know. To my joy, I found on her mantelpiece an old, dog cared hook of gfacst stories. I borrowed it at once and took ft homciu triumph.' 41 Well, you were in luck !' ' I thoigbt s* then. Well, that evening 1 told «ue of the stories— of course, tnakinz myself the heroine. ' It was a grSAt success, and 1 felt that .the prizs was mlue, when that t Blinker girl slopped talking to Harry, a'nd began to appkud. 'Then the said: -0h, how delightful. And did U really happes to you !' ??^cwrseUaid.' leaid. ' * Bom? perfectly cfcarming V she cri^b* ' sty o]« stnree o-cd to tell me that story ulatu I vra* a very little giti, and I shall alwvs njo.T It «. much saore sow that I know y»n are tht h«roine 1'* There are some mon who seem to be trilliog to do anything in the world to earn a liviu'* but work. ' What caused your company to ditb&nij; ^ inquired the gossip. ' The craze for realism,' replied the manager sadly. ' Yoj remember the spesoh in which 1'olonins says to his son, ' Piifc money into thy purse'' ' Ye1. ' *' Well. Laertes refuBeJ to rro on with the purt without real moacv.' 'How do you like your new Like. Miss U heeler!' 'Splendidly. Why. Mr. 'P«JI.- man, do vou know it rides £o easily that half the time it seems as though it wanted to ruu away with me ?' 'Perfectly natural it shouM, i am sura. If I had its chances I would du so ' My mither sent to see if we wad pie her a calendar like the ane you pud .o Mr*. -Mackay,' sud a boy to a grocer iti the vilhiKc ' But. my little l,oy,' replied the Crocer, 'your mother does not gtt her Croceries here.' 'No,' replied the bov, ?hut she borrows them frae Mrs. Mackav and Airs, ilackey gets them frac you.' An army officer in fnd:E ,ras much annoTe-l by his ' punkah wallah' going to sleep' at uight inttead of pulling his punkah. So to woke him he kept a bucket of water near |,s9 bed aud threw a cupfol over him whenever h, d»zed off. One morning he found liis mes suit wet Kirou^h. The'- punkah wcllali' k .d moved the chair with I he clothes on to tbc spot he usually occupied. ' P'raps you'll tell me what yon think woald be u fair charge ?' said' the seaside landlady a9 she parted from the Rrownlow family after a 6crce dispute about the ' extras ' in the bill. 'Yes, madam, 'said Mr. ISrownlow 'I will ! I think a fair charge would be ?extcttin' m.ney by false prelencrt ard violence ' anil fciir KntMicc penal servitude fur life. Good uierafog to yon, madam !' 