Comic Cuttings* , There are probably as -good fish, in the -. sea as ever were lied about. 'Your wife is always so out-spoken.'.' ; 'Yes, outspoken, but never out- talkedrf' Morning wraps were the invention of the man who wakes up hotel guests for ? the early train. ' You told me you and Harry loved : at sight.' ' Yes, but we quarrelled on acquaintance.' At a town's meeting in Ireland it was recently voted, 'that all persons in the town owning dogs shall be muzzled.' ? ' Does position affect sleep ?' asked a medical writer. It does when the man holds the position of night watchman. 'Do you know much about -that horse you bought from the - Deacon ?' ' I ' know more about the Deacon , than I did ' Some one has written a poem on 'The Tongue of Liberty.' The tongue of. liberty generally belongs to, a married woman. 'You say that horse isn't afraid of any- . thing. Can my wife drive him?' 'I -. don't know, sir. I have never seen your wife.' Visitor: ' But- this portrait of Mr. Bulger is a good deal more than life size.' Artist: ' I know it. That is. the size he thinks . he is.' ? 'Didn'-t I. lend you £5 a month or so ago ?'? 'Yes, I .believe you did. I'm ever so much obliged for your kindness. I feel I can never repay you.' Lady Friend (to young widow) : 'You're gardening, I see, Lucy.' Young ? Widow (with a weary smile) : ' Yes. I wish I could, so to say, transplant my weeds !' Watts : ' There seems to ? be some ?truth in the saying that heaven helps those who help themselves.' Potts : ? ' Of course -there is. They are the only kind worth helping.' First Beggar: 'Hello!' Pickin' up anything on your rounds these day's?' Second Beggar: 'Ain't nothin' doin' at all. I had to draw five pounds out of The bank To-day ter pull me t'rough.' . Patient: 'That sign of yours is not very encouraging.' Dentist : ' Why so ? I guarantee to extract teeth with out -pain.' Patient : ' Yes ; but I want ?the pain extracted.- I'd rather keep the tooth.' ' Whyfor eez it zat a woman's face eez used on zee silver dollar in zis country ?' Inquired a visiting foreigner. 'Be- cause,' growled' the Impecunious native, 'it is the idiom of our language that money talks.' : Aunt (to Tommy, who has been to the menagerie) : ' Well, Tommy, did you see the tiger ?' Tommy (whimpering) : ' Yes; b-b-bu ? ' Aunt : ' But what — what are you crying about ?'- Tommy : ' They wouldn't let me stroke his ears.' ?Miss Northside (to her brother) : 'Do you know, Fred,- that no fewer than four men want to marry me ?' Fred : 'All right, sis, may the -best man win!' Miss Northside : 'You don't^tnow much about such things. A bride does not marry the best man.' Canrobert- was inspecting the new gaiters worn by the light infantry. See ing one that was badly'fastened, he took the wearer to task. 'Look here, I'll send you my nurse -to button it on for you.' 'Quite unnecessary, General ; ? I see her every day.' ' And Canrobert burst out laughing. 'Mabel, why don't your mamma wear diamond earrings like my mamma's?' ' She left 'em home, and papa's hid 'em where the robbers can't get 'em.' 'Where has -he hid 'em?' ' Why, I heard him tell mamma that he had put them up the spout, and he guessed they would -stay there.' Winks: 'What makes you look so glum?' Jinks: 'I have six daughters, none of them married, or -likely to be.' Winks: 'And you glum over it? You are the most ungrateful mortal that ever breathed. . I have six daughters, ail mar ried, all have chUdren, and I've got to support the whole crowd.' A. : ' Did it ever recur to you what a charming conversationalist P ? is ?' B.: 'Well, I don't know; not parti cularly. Why.?' A;.- 'Oh, he is, decidedly. He hasn't the ghost of a memory, you know, and you can tell your stories to him over and over- again, and he enjoys them every time as much as at the first telling.' A youngster one day eluded punish ment by creeping under a table, where his mother could not reach him. Short ly after, his father came in, and, when told of the state of affairs, crawled On his hands and knees in search of his son and hei'r, when, to his astonishment, he was greeted with this inquiry: — 'Hullo, father! Is she after you, too?' An American gentleman was talking of a little game of poker, down in Texas somewhere, in which he had taken part. 'The man on my right,' he said, ' he'.d four kings and an ace. The man on my left held four aces and a king.' ' And what did you hold ?' some one asked. ' Well, I was acting coroner at the -time. I guess I held the inquest.' 