THES .LAUREL LODGE MYSTERY. The following is a perfectly plain and straightforward account of the outcome of a discussion which took place at Arthur Riversdale's dinner-table a little before Christmas last year. I, the writer of this account, am a sceptic in all matters pertain ing to things uncanny. That certain cases do from time to lime oocur for which modern science can find no adequate ex planation is undoubtedly a fact— mental leiepatny, ior instance, ana sucn-uss phenomena. Bub that all these matters, far from being unnatural or superhuman, are the result of those more subtle laws of Nature which 'Western science refuses to recognise, I am firmly convinced. In the'' account which follows I have taken the utmost pains to find out the Whole truth, and to give as nearly as pos sible Halford's own impression of what oc curred during the time he passed at Laurel Lodge. It is far beyond my power to at tempt in any way to explain the matter. Riversdale's uncle, the original owner of the property, passed most of his early life in what were then comparatively unknown parts of Central Iudia. Riverailale himself told me he had heard his uncle had been notorious for the extreme brutality with which he had treated the natives under him, and in an old diury he had come across was the acconnt of a raid on one of the native villages, in which his uncle in wanton fury killed with hia own hand, an old Budd ;J hist priest, aud that he had been cursed for ] bo doing. | Riversdale's uncle died raving mad at ,;! Laurel Lodge, and since then three other ^ people, at long intervals of time, had also t been driven temporarily insane while stay I J'£ in the house. I The only possible explanation that occurs I to m» is, that there may be some connec 1 tion between the murder of the old Indian I prieat, and the fate that seems to over I shadow this otherwise commonplace house. I That the educated Orientals have a greater I Understanding of the secret forces of nature, I and the laws whioh govern them, than I -Europeans, there is no doubt; and that I oertaiu of them can make their Influence I wit at enormous distances has also been 1 fairly proved, An explanation based on I thia line of argument put into words would, P to our more matter-of-fact minds, seem | absurd. L'| I theroforo merely indicate those facta :-i ps what they may bo worth, and Umyo each one to form his opinion as best he may think fit. On the evening to which I alluded in the above note, a party of men were sitting round the dinner- table. The conversation had turned on matters supernatural, and someone raised the question of the Laurel Lodge mystery. As I previously stated, Laurel Lodge was the property of Rivers dale the host. An expression of annoyance and distaste passed over his face, and be tried to turn the conversation; but the men round him, who were eager to hear the story first, pestered him with questions. He refused to be drawn, however. ' If you want to find it out, one of you should go and sleep there,' he retorted. ' I slept there once, and the memory of that night is not sufficiently pleasant to talk about. I am not exaggerating when I say that nothing in the world would induce me to repeat the experiment. And what is more, I will bet any man in the room £50 he won't sleap there by himself for more than two nights.' Am amused smile passed over the face of the other men. Most of them were younger, and necessarily better informed on all such matters, natural or supernatural. 'My dear chap,'1 said Halford, 'you really don't mean to say you saw a real, genuine, old-world ghost? How refreshing it must have boon, ia this tired period of New Womon, to come across one of those very beautiful, white, wailing creatures who wring their hands, und afford such ample employment for novelists of the early Victorian period.' Eiversdale scowled. The subject was very distasteful to him, but it was still more hateful to be laughed at. And he had lost his temper slightly. 'I will bet you £50,' he repeated, ' (that you won't sleep there for two oon secutive nights.' The others looked at him, surprised at the evident annoyance of a man usually bo quiet and eelf-possessed, whilst Halford made a note of the bet. Kiversdale appeared to hesitate, and re gained his self-control. ' You had belter not go on with this very foolish affair,' he said, seeing he was being taken seriously. 'In fact, to tell the truth, I would rather you did not. Of course, I have made the bet, but I would rather hand you over the £50 down, on condition thnt you give up the idea.' ' Oh, no,' answered Halford, ?' that is not good onongh. I hnvo accepted your bet, and if I draw back now it will look as if I believed that there was something uncanny about the place. Come along, you fellows. I want you to draw up the conditions of the wager.' The others laughed and nodded approval. ' Look here,' suggested Anstruther. ' You had better all- come and dine with me the night after the seance, and Halford here shall tell us weird tales ot the spirit world. He can lie really beautifully when he gives his mind to it.' Riversdale started up in his place, his eyes blazing and his face drawn and white with anger. 'You fools,' he shouted. 'You laughand sneer, and make wretched, feeble jokes about a matter you none of you understand. Good heavensjf You haven't any of you even the vaguest notion of the horror you jest about. Forgive me,' he went on more quietly. '? I have spoken roughly, but this is a subject on whioh I feel most strongly. It is true, in a thoughtless moment, I proposed the bet. As far as that part id concerned, you shall have a cheque for £50 th?s day ; but I wish to good ness you would let the matter drop. If you don't, I call on you all to witness that I will have nothing more to do with it. Aa I told you, I once slept there mysolf. You know that my nerves are pretty strong, and that I am not what is cabled an imaginative* man, yet since that Bight I bave never slept without a lighted candle by my bed side. If I were to awake and find myself in the dark, tha horror of it would all come back to me, and I believe I should go mad.' His voice dropped to a harsh whisper. In spite of themselves the others were im pressed. . There was something uncomfort able in the man's emotions, and, perhaps, in the minute or two of silence which ensued, they would have been will ing to have taken Riversdale's advice. Each man glanced furtively at his neigh bour, and then, as by common consent, they all turned towards Halford. He was sitting bolt upright in his chair, his mouth slightly open, bis eyes staring into space with a fixed, unseeing glance, unconscious of his surroundings, one hand convulsively clutching his glass. No one spoke. Riversdalo, who, after sitting down again, had kept his eyes fixed on his plate, glanced up, astonished at the long silence. ' Good heavens,' he muttered, catch» ing sight of Haltord'a face. And without another word ha staggered out of the room trembling. Sho ' slender o^m of the wineglass snapped in the pressure of Halford's fing era. He blinked at the light, and the pupils of his eyes regained their normal size. ' How olumsy of me,' he said, in a sleepy tone. ' All right, Anstruther. [ I will dine with you all, and give you the benefit of my imagination. Hallo! whera's Riversdale ?' he broke off. No one answered, and Halford, without taking any further notice of his host's ab sence, filled a tumbler with champagne, and tossed it off. ' Look here,' be went on, more in his usual voice, 'to-day is Friday, and to morrow I am busy ; but on Sunday I'll go down to Laurel Lodge, and on Tuesday, at 8 3harp, I will dine with you at Anstruther's. Now, then, drink success to my enterprise.' Mechanically the reafc filled their glasses, and drank. Halford rose from the table. ' Tell Riversdale I had to go in to the Maxwells,' he said, nodding good night to the other men, ' We shall meet again early on Tuesday— -8 sharp. Don't forget.' There was a short pause. The muffled alam of the front door echoed through the house and he was gone. At 10 o'clock on the Monday following Halford was sitting in his temporary bed* room at Laurel Lodge, writing letters. The room was an ordinary old-fashioned room, with small paned windows, low ceil ing, with queer odd and end recesses. Certainly nothing ghostly about it what ever. On the contrary, it looked cheerful in the blaze of the firelight, and the candles burnt merrily on mantelpiece and writing table. In spite of its unlived in atmo sphere, if properly furnished it would have made a very comfortable room indeed, and Halford for one was perfectly satisfied with his quarters. The furniture, it is true, was somewhat meagre and old fashioned ; but the whole of the house was in a dismantled condition, and Halford had been obliged to bring his own scenery, consisting of a folding camp bedstead, a small table and easy chair, a few sodawater bottles, and a box of excel lent cigars.' In addition to all these, Halford, being of a cautious turn of mind, had provided himself with a small Smith and Wesson, and three balls of a colourless oily liquid, and carefully packed in sawdust in a card' board box. All the afternoon of the previous day Halford had spent in examining the house. Having fixed upon a room to sleep in, he , sealed up the other doors, and stretched some thin wires across the passages, attach ing to each one a small bell. He had not the slightest fear of ethereal visitants from another world, but he had a very firm belief in the existence of gentlemen of various branohes of the burglarious pro fession, who being of a retiring turn. of mind, prefer to take up their abode in untenanted houses, occasionally using very practical arguments for keeping interlopers at a distance. So far nothing noteworthy had happened, as he was explaining in a letter to Ans truther. He had made his preparations on the Snnday afternoon, and read till 12.30. Then he had turned in, and slept the sleep of the just until the next morn ing. ' I feel you deserve a better tale than this,' he ooncluded ; ' but perhaps I may have better luck to-night. Who knows ?'' He sealed and stamped the envelope, drew the table up to the bed, and placed on it his revolver, the box of grenades, a candle and matches. Having undressed, he blew out the lights except one candle by the bed, and settled himself down for an hour's reading. After which time, giving one final look round the room, he snuffed out the candlo with the back of the book, and turned over to go to sleep. Another quarter of an hour, and the sound of heavy, irregular breathing indicated that he was in his first sleep. The fire burned low in tha grate, and a small shower of cinders fell tinkling on to the paved hearth as the final flicker of dying gas-jet flamed into life. The breathing became more regular and softer. A gurglbg sound, as of the sleepar trying to swallow in his sleep, and then — silence. How long Halford had slept was 'never known, but probably it was about three o'clock when he awoke. He stretched out his hand for his watch ; but, feel where' ho would on either side of the bed, he. could not touch the table. Angered at his stupidity, ho got out of bed and walked towards the fireplace, where he had loft; the other candles and raparo matches. Tho mantlepieco was dis tant about four paces from tho bed, being ftfc the other end of tho room. He tool the four steps carefully and gingerly, grop ing his way, afraid of stumbling up against anything in the darkness. At the fourth step he stretched out his fcimds; in front of him was empty space. .Again he advanced slowly. Five — six — seven— eight paces. Still his hands clutched vaguely at the air. At the tenth step he halted, puzzled and shivering, and swung his arms round him, In the hope cf touching ; ao Irresistible desire to reach a confining limit overcame him. The horrible insolidity, the absolute silence, oppressed him, and the first chill feeling of the incomprehensible seized on him. Beads of perspiration started out on his forehead. He tried to argua his fears away, bit to no purpose. The room was at most 20ft. long by, say, 15ffc. in the broadest part ; therefore, he calculated, it would ba impossible to walk more than 25ft. in any one direction. Yet had already walked ten paces ! The thought flashed through brain, mutely demanding explanation. Summoning up all his strength of mind, ha forced himself to proceed with sharp, quick steps. Eleven — twelve — thirteen — fourteen — blackness surrounded him. It seemed to his excited imagination that he ?was standing in the midst of boundless Bpace, playing a part in some horribly realistic nightmare. He dug his nails into the flesh of his arms to reassure himself, hut he could feel no pain. Indefinable and intangible, the terror of the unknown was circling down upon him.- Twice he started forward again with outstretched hands ; twice he drew back, his nerves thumping and twanging like an over-stained violin string. Wheeling round, he leapt back Ahrongh the darknes?, terrified at what he could not understand yet ashamed of this terror. Half a dozen bounds brought him to the bedside. He bent down with a sigh of relief, groping for the Bhoets. His hands met with no resistance — only the same vague blackness everywhere. Human nature could stand no more. Sick ?with fright, he shrieked in an agony of fear, tut no sound followed his cry. Again and again he screamed, his mouth working con vnlsively, like that of a dumb man. But still the silence was unbroken, slill the darkness rolled up and covered him, as the waters cover a drowning man. The breaking strain had been reached at last, and HaSbrd's last vestige of self control left him. Striking out wildly with his clenched fista, he unshed about, now In one direction, now In another, hitting blindly at the air before him. Bound and round he went in an ever narrowing cirole, till at last, from sheer exhaustion, he came to a standstill, his pulses throbbing and his breath coming in thick heavy sobs. Suddenly, without Bound or warning of any kind, a cold tight grip was laid on his wrist, and two staring eyes gleamed at him out of the darkness. With a shudder hej?rked his arm back wards. The hold on his wrist tightened,, but he felt no opposition to the movement of his arm. 'With his other hand he hit but wildly at the glaring eyeballs. The force of the blow, falling on unresisting space, almost dislocated his shoulder. And 3tn the grip tightened, and still the mock ing eyes peered into his own. In an ecstacy of fear ha writhed and fought. The icy cold pressure round his threat was slowly but surely strangling him, whilst the eyes, blazing with silent fury, came nearer and nearer yet. With a last supreme effort Halford found his voice, giving vent to scream after scream. Then the nameless terror closed on him, pressing him tighter and ever tighter. The straggles grew weaker, the screams died away into a faint moaning and stifled sobs, and finally ceased. ' Hasn't Halford turned up?' aBked the last corner, as he strolled into Anstruther's room on Tnesday evening. All the men were there who had been present when the wager was made, and traceB of suppressed curiosity were visible in the different faces of those assembled. Kiversdale, in spite of his determination, had been unable to keep away. He had been sitting apart from the others ; but now, since only Hdford was missing, and there were unraktakeablo signs of uneasi ness among tho rsa'j, he came forward. '* Anstruther, If Halford is not here by half-past eight, I insist that some of us go down and look for him ; for it is my firm belief that if he is not here by that time any worst fears will have been realised. When I went through what he has presum . ably experienced during the last two nights, I was a stronger man, both mentally and physically, than ho Is, or eves y\\\\\ be, jrefc I *m nearly diiwn w»fli'| 'Oh, come, Riversdale, it's not as bad as all that surely. He's a pretty cool headed chap, and knows how to look after himself. I think he will turn up all right.' No one else spoke, and the next few minutes were passed in anxious waiting. At last the silence was broken at the front door bell. AH the men started to their feet, and looked expectantly at the door of the room. An instant later it was flung open, and the butler appeared, with a scared white face. ' For heaven's sake, gentlemen, come outside. Mr. Halford is there, very ill. He is talking to himself and moaning awful, and I can't do anything with him.' Riversdale motioned the others back, and passed swiftly into the hall, to quickly re-appear, carrying in his arms what at first looked like a shapeless bundle. This he placed gently in a chair, and hastily throwing back the wraps, disclosed to the horrified group of men a wreck of what had once bsen Halford. His face was pale and drawn, and the bloodshot eyes moved fearfully from side to side. But the most ghaatly thing of all was his mouth, the lips curled up and drawn backwards, displaying the white tightly clenched teeth. He took no notice of hia surroundings, bat waved his hands monotonously to and fro in a piteous, groping fashion. ' I must be there by eight,' he whispered hoarsely. 'How dark.it is — so dark — 11 —12—13. Ugh, how they glare' — and the whisper rose to a shriek. 'Eight o'clock on Tuesday. I must be there' — I must be there, you know.' And he smiled vacantly at the other men, moaning gently, his arms moving: all the time. Riversdale turned to Anstruther and whispered something to him. The latter nodded and left the room, returning with some brandy and a little phial of nitric aoid. ' Now, you others, I want you to hold him perfectly still,*' said Riversdale, ' and obey me exactly in whatever I tell you to do.' %b,m £o11qwq4 q l*F» rt about gQ minutes, during which Halford was made to suffer agonies too terrible to describe. * * . * # ' Why did you use nitric acid ?' said one of the men, when the operation was over. For answer, Riversdale pointed to a dark spot of blood on the side of Halford's head, just above the left ear. ' He will ba coherent when he conn a to,' he said. ' It wa3 the only chance. An Indian servant cured me in the same way. What I used was not pure nitric acid, but a solution of a preparation he gave me in the acid. I cannot find out its composition, though I have tried often.' At the same time he pointei to his own temple, and there, concealed by the hair, was a similar mark. * * * # These are all the facts in connection with the Laurel Lodge mystery as they came under my own immediate observa tion, or as I was able to extract them from Halford some months later, when his health was to a certain extent recovered from the shock. As I hinted in the preface, I believe — and Riversdalo agrees with me in this — the cause of the terror which so nearly made poor Halford a madman for the rest of his life was in no way physical, but purely the outcome of a mental delusion, inspired or induoed by physio? 1 agents. Anyone who has ever studied eastern psychology will know this is possible — in fact, we got to a certain extent a parallel case in the science of hypnotism. I would suggest as the only explanation, weak though it may be, that by some occult means Halford's appreciation of solidity — viz., his sense of touch, was temporarily suspended, and that the horror of this rendered him for the time hning insane. 41 1 near that Joskino, tho stockbroker, hao gone to Bmash.' 'Yas, that is so. Ho used to be a stockbroker, now ho lo a atony broker.' 3?irab Villaco Gossip — ' Do yeu balieve that awful scory that they are tolling about Miss Prim 1' fclagond. YUl≥ Ctoauip— ' Y,eis, 