A Ghost Story. From nalton Hologate, a village near Spiisby, Lincolnshire, comes a most mys terious story, which one can easily imagine is causing the utmost sensation among the simnle oouutrv folk in the neiehbonrhood. For some time rumours of human bones having been discovered under a briok floor of ? farm near the village, of stiange, un earthly tapping, and the like having been heard, and a ghost having been seen, have been afloat, and it was with the intention (if possible) of sifting the mystery to the bottom that a Lincoln reporter ' has just visited the scene. Tbe farmstead stands back some distance frem the highroad, and is occupied by a Mr. aud Mrs. Wilson and their man-servant. On being interviewed by the reporter, Mrs. Wilson narrated tbe following story;— '; ?-' , , t'We came li*reT0n;L%dy Day list, The first' night or so* *e1ieard very strange noises' about midnight, as though some, -one was knookiog3at* the doors »nd walls;- Ob⁢ seemeB as though some ron* was moving* hit the things about in a hurry downstairs. Another time the noise was like a heavy picture falling from tbe wall, but in the mifnini I-fpund; everything as, rightia? at was the 'night before. Tbe .servant man* left, raying that be dare not stay, and we had to get another. Then about six weeks ago'I saw' ? something.' ' 'Before getting into bed, my husband hav ing retired before me, I thought 1 1 would : go. downstairs-and see if the cow was all right, as it was about to calve. I did so, and when, at the foot of the stairs, just as I about: to go up again, I saw an old man standing at tho top and looking at me. He was stand ing as though he was very round -shouldered. How I -not past I can't say, butt ^darted pastbim into tbe bedroom and slammed the door. 'Hen I went to get some watar from the dressiog-Wble, but, feeling that «ome one was behiad ms,;I turned. round sharply, and there again stood tbe same old man. He quickly vanished, but I am quite certain I had seen him. I have also Been him several times since, though not quite «o distinctly.' Mrs. Wilson next conducted her interviewer to tbe sitting-room, -where it ^ appeared a grue some discovery, had been made. The floor in one* corner, it seems, bad been very uneven, and a day or two ago Mrs. Wil son took lip the bricks, with the intention of relaying them. Ko sooner had she done this, however, than a most disagreeable odor was emitted. Her suspicions being aroused, the called her husband, and the two commenced a minute, examination. ; Three or'four bones were soon turned over, together with a gold ring and bevernl pieces of old black silk. , All ? these had evidently been buried in quicklime, the bones and silk being obviously burnt therewith. The search after this was not further prosecuted, but a quantity of sand iutroduced, and the floor quickly levelled again. ' Asked what her opinion was on the tnyrle rien, Mrs. Wilson confidently asserted her belief tliat at same time or other foul play bad taken place. She was fully persuaded in lirr own mind with regard to the apparition, for though it was suggested that she might have been mistaken, stye disdained tbe idea as being beneath notice Dr. Gay, to whom the bones were submitted, stated that they might be those of a dog or pig. Writing later, the correspondent says Mr. Gay, on further examination Btates tbe bones are undoubtedly human, but he believes them to be nearly a hundred years old. — London Evening Wetve. 