I PHIL'S PARD. I BY W. CATBBB Plaits, I Author of "The Tottlebory Tales,' The I Tenderfoot Iok-Slinger,' Ac. I (Chambers' Miscellany.) I CHAPTER I. I PHIL088IFEB PHIL. I ' When I hear philanthropists,' wrote I tbcgenial Artemra.'bewailin'tliefacktliat I every year "carries the noble red man I nrarer the settin eon," I simply have I fn eatr T'm olid nf it thn' it. ic rrinnli nn I the settin' bud.' Qeo-ge Catlin, the friend of, and for I eight years eojoorner among various tribeB of, the 'untotored child of Nature,' admitted ' that on all Indian frontiers ... there are two classes of Indian so ciety ; the one nearest to civilisation, where they hare become degraded and impoverished, and their cba'acterchanged by civilised teaching, and their worst passions inflamed, and jealousies excited bv the abases practised amongst them.' I In another place he refers to the terrible Apaches, with their long lances, and their lasso always in hand, before whom the Californiangold-diggers are constant ly trembling.' And Philossifer Phil of Plnmmer's has more than once been faeird to remark sententiouBly, ' I reckon if thar's any good In a Injnn, his hide is too pesky tongh to let it ont onless yew skin bim fust !' These are the thonghtB of Western thinkers. Maybe yon never heard of Philossifer Phil in that category before, or maybe yon never even heard of him at all I That is yonr misfortune. The camp has a finer name now, for it is al together a finer place ; fant if yon bad known Plnmmer's in the old hnstling days of the late sixties, when things out West were pretty brisk — when the silver epidemic was still raging fiercely, and the gold fever had not yet been entirely stamped ont, and when renegade Indian chiefs were supplying exercise and ad- ventore for those cavalry officers whose tastes for pursuit and bloodshed had not been satiated by the late civil war — then and, knowing him, would have respected him, for truer heart never beat under red flannel shirt. He was not s man of many words — great thinkers seldom are; bnt when he bad occasion to use it, his tongue was pointed pretty accurately at the mark, and the same might be said of bis derringer. Not that he was iond of using deadly weapons ; for al though his body was big enongh hie soul was not little enongh to allow bim to play the part of bully. Phil had killed his man certrinly— not to mention a few Indians — and small blame to bim too, when in those lawless days ' a dead man to breakfast,' as the old phrase went, was a common item in the day's menu in that roogh-and-tnmble Western existence ; but iu justice be it said that he bad never taken human life, white or red, save in self-defence and in defence of the helpless and innocent. The advice he once gave a new cbum forcibly illustrates his own policy : ' Don't yer let hard words gravel yer ! Cassia' never so much ez gave a bine jay the rinderpest; bnt when a galoot draws iron on yer, an' yon kin see Kingdom Come np the bar'l of hie gun, shoot quick and etraigbt ef yon wanter save tbet uian from bein' a murderer !' Nobody knew where Philossifer Phil crme from. When the year before a wandering gold prospector named Caleb Plummer had crossed the Grand Canon ont of California and bad chanced upon the precious metal near a water-hole in north-west Arizona, he had been one of the first on the epot — had apparently dropped from the clouds — and had re mained a prominent citizen of the camp ever since. The lack at Plnmmer's was streaky— a streak of good and a streak of bad, and the streaks of bad were con siderably the thickest. The lodes were generally thin and poor ; there were no jeweller's shops' to make a man wealthy at a single stroke of the pick ; enpplies were difficult to procure. So the camp never rose to the dignity of an important gold centre, and it would probably have been wiped off the face of the earth in a few years had not an enterprising silver mining company come along and lighted up smelting fires on the spot, aud so warmed np the unknown little gold camp Into a silver city. Still, though they had never ' struck it rich,' Phil and his partner had through sheer hard work and dogged perseverance done very well at Plammer's. But Phil had no partner now. A fall of dirt in the tunnel. had done it, and by the time the philosopher had dragged the companion of bis daily tail np the flame he was little more than a mass of braised, bleediog clay. There was no hope. Once, as the big, strong miner held the sufferer in his arms, the closed eyes opened and a look of intelU- : gence passed between them. Sometimes when yon looked into Phil's own eyee . tbey appeared gray and steely, like the' blade of a bowie knifej .end sometimes they were bine. They were blue now —blue and soft, like the eyes of a mother nursing her dying child, for Phil had V.IUDU wi iuvb iub young, uigu-epinwu lad who had come into that chapter of his life which began/at Plammer'e, and had shared hiB hut and his fortunes. Why and how and whence he caine, the older man never inquired. It was np. business of his. 1 Dear old Phil 1' whispered the dying man with a great .effort, : my, daim's- worked out ! Will you write — tell- ' Then a spasm of pain' crossed his .face, and hie words endedina heavy groan. ' ' Mother; pard ¥ Inquired the rough- handed nurse softly, as .%e /Jpe<i the bloody froth from the other's lips. . ' Dead I1 camp faintly. - ' 'Father!' 'Dead !' 'Sisters or brothers V 'Gotnonef Phil could see his lips . Training the. words, yet no sounds caine from ; them. The eyes wore closed again. "(Life -was ebbing fast away.'. ; .AhptiiBr minute, and u Would be over. Theoomed man was wrestling hip and tfolghjwifchdeatii, yet/ he would not die untilhu iaSt .wish was poken, Itwasaw.VBwuiuihhis temples swelled jike:;tiDI-fohbnfr torrents on « snow-dad i%a9mtainndj£" "ble conval8lon9 j "the7iil« ®l1"B clenched fingers dagdrepintofiiB horny P»lms of 'hie |wn>rssw;wlB«!| j tbe death-agony drawn cheeks. ' I, Harry Haliday, do give and be queath,' he gasped, and his words came in short, screaming gusts, all my share to my cousi b, Ji m Annet sley — -"of— Car- villa— -near Springfield — Ulioois. -Good-; bye, Phil — it'e — bed-rock at last 1' His jew fell. Phil's pard was dead. The philosopher of P.ummer's laid his burden gently beck on tbe bunk, and took off the dead man's boots, and closed his eyes. Then ho reverently laid « clean shirt over the face of his old mats. Gone, pard !' he murmured gently to himself, as he drew his shirt sleeve across his eyes, ' whar the Injuns cease from tronbiin' !' Then he lit hiB pipe, and sat dowo on an upturned keg. 'To my cousio, Jim Annerriey, of Carville,' he soliloquised, acd relapsed into silence. And so, far on id to the black eolitnde, be sat and smoked, and now and then bis heart echoed the words, ' Whar the Iujons cease from tronbiin',' and Phil ossifer Phil was very near to heaven that night. These things had happened some weeks before, and led to what I want to ceil you souuu The mail had come in at Plummer's — a somewhat uncertain event I wish you could have seen Philossifer Phil that morning as he stood in the doorway of his hot with a business-looking en velope in his hand addressed to 'Philip Marpleson, Esq.' in a bold, clerkly hand. He was a picture worth pausing a minute to look at. On tbe back of his head, the top of which was removed some six feet odd inches from the soles of his feet, he wore an old slouch-hat that became him well, and well framed the honest, hairy, mahogany- coloured face with its big brown, beard. A ehiny seam across one cbei-k-bone was tbe last ing momento of a flying -visit from a Sioux arrow, and ihe nick in one ear bad been left by a Confederate bullet as it sang ' Hail Colombia !' past bis bead. A red flannel shirt, picturesquely patched with blue serge, open at the throat, and tncked np above the elbows, soda pair of stained moleskin trousers with the bottoms throst into a pair of big cow hide boots aod belted ronnd the waist, completed the outward miner. The half-breed who bad hronvbt over the letters from tbe nearest station, some forty miles away, had brought also more terrible news than was contained in Uncle Sam's mail-bag ; and, as Phil finished reading his tetter, noisy tokens of wild excitement reached him from the direction of Tilliper's Bar, where many of the miners bad assembled upon the first intimation that the mail was in, and amidst the genera! racket be heardalarmedvoicescrying. The Apaches are coming V ' The Injans are on tbe warpath !' These were cries to scare a man of more than average courage, for they spelled blood and rapine, torture and death, a sweeping of the coontry with fire and desolation, the visitation of .a fiendish savagery that has lapped blood, and is athirst with an insatiable, flaming frenzy for more. Yet Phil's features betrayed no emotion — only .his eyes grew a little more steely. He was think ing deeply and qnickly, and it was only on the most extraordinary occasions that any active partnership existed between his thoughts and the mnscles of his face. Down at Tilliper's Bar the wildest consternation prevailed. Aronnd the dast-coverd bBlf-breed who had broogbt the intelligence were gathered afew in- crednlons spirits, making bim repeat his story- oyer and over again ; .bnt the greater portion of the crowd were more than satisfied with the first recital, and were wildly discussing the situation. At length a grizzly old fellow in the cbrner, called Surly Tlm-on acconnt of his dis position — natural or acquired — suddenly interposed with i : 'Which it seems to me yon air a lot of dander-headed, copper-plated and brass- riveted, lop-earidjeta !' £Tbe miners at Pinmmer'e were accustomed to this style, of oratory from . Snrly Tim,- for bis growlB usually commenced in this, or a similar -fashion.) What's PhUosalfer Phil I Thar ain't a leveller- headbd galoot in all Arizonv. — akoradv! ah' I reckon he's the man to take a holt on this yer Injnn boom, an wrastle .with it!' And tbe crowd immediately took up the cry and demanded of itself ' W bar's Phil! Whar's Philossifer Phil T And, as of old when the mountain .wonld not come to Mahomet, Mohamet went to the moon- tain ; so now when the mountain of wisdom gave no sign o! patting in an appearance at Tilliper's Bar, Tilliper's Bar made amove towards thiemonntaiD. As many of the excited citizens of Plammer's as conveniently, or rather as many as -inconveniently, could, squeezed themselves into Phil's but, where they found that sage seated on hie - bank smoking, while his fingers apparently toyedj with an ugly, murderois-Iooklng j six-shooter. The rest gathered rouod the doorway as near as they possibly could, nnd tried to get nearer, in order to hear the words nf wisdomihatshouj fall from the lips of this Western oracle. Is this a circus or "a camp meeting !' inquired Phil blandly, of hisxinirerons visitors, without looking 'aqpu , No, it ain't ; itVInjniiB F'one of. the foremost 'replied, eagerly;; and a" silence fell on the crowd Ltfaat lasted until Phil broke it by-rirawling : . - '-Wa— 11 1' 'which encouraged the spokesman to proceed. , 'The reservation InjnnB at Little' Bear -Springs : hey broke jontapijined Arrow 'Nose an' hie braves, an' they'll jest raisin1 Merry Hamlet over the hnll. hiotry /-riinrnin'evary shanty tiisy strike, < an' makio' the folk in 'em inter sassidge|: meat 1' - . , .iV- W» — all t' as icoolly as before. ' ...„ 1 Dura it, Phil, you don't quite ketch : pn!' cried another, provoked Into sphedji' by the philosopher's imperturbability in: fiuch a criei®. 'These yer Apache demonh' faev got thedropion ajcivaby -command of twpoty; veniment troopers an'e; qflreer atnljout ph xhelr trail, an'jher- wiped eve.fnotherls ;ison of 'em offen' the facsofthe airtfa, ceptin' two scouts hkmpnd'hm rfjgotj&ar; away 4 Aiq££ that : ? - - » careketiy hjiogdojmWrews W ttsksiffi rf',. v "Sjjgjjl down .on the fly, an' they homed the, station at 'Slack Bock an' roasted -old Peg an' his wife ! — Phil, yoo don't 'pear, to git onr drift ! . Blame my cats ef I: ever knowed yen so slow to ' tumble afore ! Here's these yer pesky red Skins maybe prospeclin' ronnd the ctmp jest this very minute, lay in' for to cut the liver onten every white atween here an' Prescott, an' yon don't 'pear to keer no more'n ef it. was a Fourth of July cele bration !' The next instant nobody appeared to be anxious to accuse Phil any looger of inertia, for in a flash he wae on bis fee1, his revolver thrust in the faces of the foremost of the crowd. Sparks -seemed to blaze from his eyes as though tbey had struck flint. His finger was on the trigger. In hiB other band be held the barrel of the repeatiog-rifie, aod in a deep, ringing voice that, pierced right through the ear and trickled down the' spine and then branched ont into cold, shivere, he cried : 'Scoot! — qnitT Aod they quitted. ' i Phil's attitude was so sadden— to un expected — so electrifying, that the miner, taken tJinrrmnhltr aback.. tnmbled out of the hut faster than they had come ic, and the doorway was the scene of a a dozen surging red shirts and heaving slonch-hats fighting to get out into the open. One only remained — Surly Tim, aud as Phil : slipped his derringer into his pocket and laid bis rifle once more on the bunk, the other eheffled op to his side, and, pdkiDg his knuckles into the philosopher's ribs, granted, with a malicious grin at the retreating' figures : ' Which it 'pears to me, pard, you rather got the bulge on 'em tbet time !' Phil laughed a low, significant laugh, which reeched the fugitives aa they burst out of the but, and arrested tbem. 'Say, Phil, you played it rather lew down us thet time P remarked one of the former spokesmen, as the returning-, tide ehoved him again inside the hut. Then up aud spake Surly Tim in his hour of triumph, for he alone saw. through Phil's feint and read unaided the lesson it was intended to teach : ' Which it 'pears to me, yon blamed, white-livered innercenta, tbat yon air a darned sigbt fitter to be soakin' cat-lap in a nnssery than fightin' Injuns in Arizony ! I reckon a stranger would hev come to the conclusion that yon hadn't been -in thiB yer -climate long enough to git your hoofs' toughened, footiu' away vallyable time jerkin' chin-mnsic 'boat Apaches while Philossifer Phil was gittin' his gnns ready to fight 'em right nnder yer noses an' yon couldn't tamble no more'n a clam ! If yon ain't ready for one bnlly boy, how the thnnder will yon be located when a thousand yelling Injans hand their keerds in !' The crowd received Tim's stinging sneer silently, and waited for Phil to speak. ' You've heearn what Surly Tim has to say,' he remarked quietly; 'wall, ram thet down the bar'ls of your ehootin'- trons an' beep it thar ; an' yon kin ram this yer down, too, for a wad : When yon heearn that Gen. Grant is a-comin' to Pinmmer'e in a railroad-keer yon kin git ready to meet him when yon see him;! but when yon heearn that Injnns ib proepectin' ronnd to jump the camp you be ready for 'em jest twenty-four hours afore tbey come !' The miners conferred together very earnestly for a few minutes just outside the bnt door. At length they approached Phil once ipore, and tbe spokesman announced the result of their delibera- 1 tions, \- .'Say, Phil,' he began, we've been chawin' tbiB thing over, an' it pans out like this — Plammer'e is unanimous thet the ' defence of Pinmmer'e should . be organised agen the chance attack of Apaches ; an' we ' air of opinion thet yon air the one man to boas this yer show agen. these yer ornery redskin cneses, an' I reckon ' 'You kin reckon, bnt you ain't in it,' xepliedPjij.l,„_'Ijalkerlatemybu8ineas for the next three or mebbe four days' is all ' located land 1 ,staked but. I'm . a-goln tt> ti n neb it -back to Cruz with' iRenzo o.meet jmy.P?w_pard ao'.tote £tlim' ftlflim Hii llm«liirafn Ia IsaL h- tender-foot an' might mistake Arrow' Noee for Kit Canon an' die in his boots. , ''k r' UHAMEBIE L:- JIM ANN EES LEY, OF CARVILLE. The riewB of Phil'a.proj ected absence and the reason for - it hairie as a' third I shock to Plummer e that day. . .. 'Anew pard! An' yoh'fe'etreakln' it through 'hll . throe yer: jnarderin' Injans to Crnz ho . meet him 4— Yon don't ray, Phil!1 gasped-pne. . . ' I do say,' retnrned Pnil warmly, for once vouchsafing todessend tohometiiing akin to everyday loquabity. 1-1 When my late pard, HalidayI -paased in his chips, the last words he says to me" was, ,' Phil, hand over my pile to my cousin, dtmlAfinffiaWy ti Carville;' or-wordsto MT effect, wall, I reckon T"Wrote los this yer Annersley, an' put : this thing- eqaar'tohim.' JEfern'e&aliday; pil%" eayel. " Come out an fetch it er you're %hsre in tire claim. I wknter-do -the fair,lh|ng, an ef youair party hefty, an' kin 'hnmp yereelf, an' I cotton to -yod aiTon'cotWh'to 'mertheh I retkon- I'll hev yon for my pard." An' this ycf- hnefriey writes bsick— -which I got his' letter'this mornin'- — an' after ladlin' ont "twolr tiireei pges of -hog wash; fbout flanks ruj' ! gratitobde, an1 ceter, an' cietttry, Ab says— he saye— wall, T guess. I tcan't -eck'lect- the precise words, jeps he '(ware, to be'A : jrowerfuVitgh<-t')nea- tehtshovin'pda, hut whatfae means ter eay ia thet-he'pn>t — jbft thAt— -an rillttnt forffiiMHs,T|iliidi is to'jnjr, Aet he'fl be' jdumprib by the'htage uh%umpw£ -;Croz,3riht in ,Jr|fdl|huI'>jBh«are, with: forty roilte Ofa Ertttre'atween biffi an' yofetinff: gffin1Ja&Mi;"Jfif yon, Philf JI. a&edase; /ne man i ain't pt xnpiwroomhtoffchtiif Jnjipas fi.w 's'Mfiit xropjahs — 'linplgt g dtpw tenderfoot how to! «Sacfo jr|p!ied Phil. P"ie«raf tiiisylw AnnMrieyto oome tone. ; -«8S |»tel pppnlation of RummerV sald ponl&twn; beSng exdadvydfe re- tarpedto TSlHper's Bar accompatiieU by the- ht breed; -Lorenzo ; and having appointed - Hank Potter : Brevet Com mander-in- Chief,- pending Phil's return from Crnz, at once dispersed to.look np arms, after which scouts were sent ont and hasty ' preparations made for barri cading the catnp. Surly Tim lingered behind, for he had still something to eay,.'aod it" did not take him long to say if. ' Which it 'pears to me,' he began as nsnal, ' tbat yon hev showed yourself to day, Phil, the whitest, rattiest galoot west, of the Bockies, an' I don't keer a continental whar tbe next comes. I ain't much of hand at makin' friends, bnt I like a man of yonr beft ; an' when I like a man I freeze to him. Phil, you air a bnlly boy with a glass eye, an' l'm goin' along of yon to help fetch this yer new paid of yoarn from Croz. Pot it thar S he concluded, holding ont a huge grimy paw. And Phil put it there, and a sense of strong honest confidence passed from heart to. heart over the con- section formed bv that ha&rtv; hand- drake. Early the following morning the mail-carrier's monht beiDg refreshed by its nightie rest, Phil, Tim, and Lorenzo, mounted on wiry mustangs, were gallop ing swiftly over the snn-dried, dusty plains for Crnz. ; The -stetiqn of Pneblo de la Cruz — popularly known in its ab breviated form — was the lonely habita tion of a Mexican, called Lnis— nobody knew what else — who preferred to live .on the scanty subsidy granted him by the Stage Company, and theplnnder, in the ehape of charges, to be got oat. pf the stray visitors the stage pot -down there, which left him. at liberty to in dulge his nstioaal indolence by smoking cigarettes all day, and singing ' Soy purita nsejicatui ; Nada tengo espaBol.' to his gnitar in tbe everlasting enn- shioe ; he preferred all this, I eay, to drudging in the mines, or ronnding-np beef on the ranches, for, in the words of his song, Lais -was pore Mexican,' and had therefore a cool above physical labour. from the rains of an ancient pneblo near, as do so many places in Sooth California, Arizona, and New Mexico, was an adobe building with a ehed for the stage cattle behind. The only other regular inhabitants beside the proprietor being a Indian boy and the half-breed, Lorenzo, it was not a particularly desir able residence when the Apachea were ont on the warpath, for, as Snriy Tim cynically observed, ' Hanky-pankyin' on a git-ar ain't of much account far fightin' of Injao8.' As, late in the afternoon, the three travellers rode their jaded beasts np the trail to the station, Lois, resplendent in a crimson silk sisb, natty bine jacket with eilver bnttons, and gorgeons silver ear- rings, was lolling on a bench by tbe door of the bnildiog, singing the refrain of some Mexican serenade, as he strum med the strings of his gnitar. ' Say, Lnis ! stage in !' inquired Phil, springing off his mustang. The Mexican nodded affirmatively, and went on with his singing. ' Was thar a tenderfoot sot down here — a young innercent from down East of the name of Jim Annersley, cz might ha' been inqnirin' for Philip Marpleson, Esqnire, of Plnmmer's !' Lnis nodded agaio. Then whar the thnnder Is he ! Yon ain't let bim streak it by himself- across the desert with Arrow Nose-skirmishm' ronnd the trail! 'Cos efyou hev- ' ' No, no!' replied Lnis quickly; 'Jim Annersley 'a' in there, asking for milk an' crackers,' and he indicated the room:' on the right of tire eotrancc. ' Milk and crackers !' . echoed Phil. 1 Lordy, Tim I've hed some mighty quar experiences in my time, bnt this 'yerlays over-sll ! Darn -my -pesky ..old bide ef ever I thought -I'd hev to dry- siubb 5»:young. Eastern j ay bh milk an crackers till I could git him home to bis mRTnmv afren! HoWamnevrur. 1-JI -imt chip in an prospect bim;' Bueno!' muttered Luis, and his montii' jridebed .into an iezpansive grio that bowed his white teetb, as his fingers etrayed over te strings, feeling for the right iord toecho .the cfangh- ofhla voice ; and Phil disappeared into the' bnilding. . A moment elapsed — only . ope — and then Phil vame flying cat again in s harry, batless and breathless. His face, was as pale as his sunburnt skin conld possibly permit it,, and his eyes started, from their" sockets as thopgh he bad - seen a' ghost' Utter shrpiiriB ; ahj ect, helpless misery ; voshidly, < deipindent'. fear, were in tntnriepjcted ,«n;-his facie, chasing one anofiher-;qyer -his nsnaJly immovable features like a proceesion of dissolving ; views. He. who had faced death in a score of horrible forma with- ent-fi inching a.pqnsrie.ojtnniiag a bair, had bwhntteriy.arieqiavacaUynaf' by: the appearance of a young tender- .fopfc . 'SoHy 'Tim stated, «pened-eyed and open-monthed, and scratched his hepd in dire woii|ler:ah;tbe right|if -wbaV he wonld hitherto have staked his pile was. a sheer impossibility — Philossifer Phil in -a -fluster ! - cb itfpurs jbo me, Phil, yon ay skeered !' i» bhs4rved at-iength. O- t. Phil gripped his companion's arm convulsively with one hand, while he wiped the sweat from bis brow with bis pthej.jBleeve. Then he gave one harried, retreated, arid gasped, ro Jaboaree whisper: _ ' ' rmeterayjammoixl1 Thisjyer Annersley- — SsV, Tim, was yer ever hug ged by a b'ar till you heard yer own bones crundiin'-in .yer body like ore< in a crusher! D'yer know what it is for ee? p lot-of. Aparirea ligbtfo' pp a fire knowin'-theffire-waafo roiA'the livia'i fletii offen yon ! Wall, tbem things ajai: Tim, thiay erJiAa'a af3tLoatl_ an'.thet'e what! aid m e outT . : v" « A VjJSittffi&aBurly; TStn. ' Ay," a gal; yoh oanhetyergum boots job h|dTfittt.1I$didated. Detis $ ' , Xen tiowwithiHih aud : pisen. "yonif,&. yotprfoenily ; having long before led. the horses off the philosopher was left alone to 'wrastle.' It was a hard not to crack. A8 ho set with his eyes fixed on the ground, trying to get to tbe kernel of it, a tall, fair girl stepped lightly across tbe thres hold, and placed one white shapely hand on- his shoulder. Phil looked up, and his troubled gaze met the laughing bine eyes of Jim Annersley. ' ' I am afraid my mad freak has rather taken yon by surprise, Mr. Marpleson,' she said, in a low sweet voice. 'I thought it wonld.' ' An' I calkerlate it hes P ' Yon see, Mr. Marpleson,' my proper name is Jemima, bnt I always ' ' 'Sense me, miss,' interrupted Phil solemnly ; Ef you'll jest hold yer bosses — I beg pardon, I mean ef - you'll jest 'sense my absence for a few minntea, F1I git yer drift a little cl'arer,' and he bolted hurriedly into the room which eeeved upon occasion as a bar. 'Tim, jest call me " Mister Marple son " for a spell nntil I git sorter ac customed to it. It rather throws me off when this gal " mister's " me. ' Thar !' he resumed, as he rejoined Miss Annersley ; ' yer kin jest toot yer horn, now, an' mebbe Til be able to tamble !' 1 — Fm afraid I don't quite under stand what yon mean V ' Wall, you see, you ain't accustomed to tbe climate yet, an' I ain't jest what you might call a lady's man. . Howeom- ever, what I mean to eay is, jest yon ladle ont whit yon've .got to eay, an' I'll ' try to ketch on.' 1 Oh ! Well, yon see, Mr. Marpleson, my real name biting Jemima, my father got iuto tbe way of calling me Jim, and, somehow, the abbreviation stack to me. I was always known as Jim among my acquaintances — and everybody is acquainted in a little place like Carville. Since father died, I've been tbe book keeper in the store at Carville. When yon sent me that letter abont poor cousin Harry, and abont my coming ont West if I wAS real'grit, it was ail so plain that yon were nnder the impression that I was a man, and it was eo tedious bring chained to a desk all day entering np accounts of cheese and hardware, and — and I was rather annoyed by a fat, red-haired Irish' grocery man who wonld persist in making love 1 1 me, that I joat jumped at the chance of a trip to Arizona. It was such a Bplendid idea — real fan ! I thought I'd jast let yoq see that an Illinois girl was real grit !So 1 just took a month's holiday, and here I am ; and now yon're real msd because I did as you suggested, Mr. Marpleson.' Now, you're off It — cl'ar off it,' Phil replied, with something' like . bis old composure. ' I ain't mad — only flum moxed ; bnt I reckon we'll strike the right lead ef we only sink for enough.' ' Bat why are yon "flummoxed," as yon call it, Mr. Marpleson! she went on. I should be sorry to tbiuk tbat an old friend pf cousin Harry'e had been serious ly inconvenienced by the madcap whim of a wilful girl ! Pray forgive me for playing my little trick on yon, and help me enjoy my little adventure. I want to eee Pinmmer'e so that I can say I have seen a real- mining camp, and then, when yon and I shall have transacted onr little business, I shall go back to Carville aod brag about it all my life.' ' I'm afeard yon can't git to Pinmmer'e this trip.' 1 What's to hinder me !' ' Injans i' .... The girl's face turned a trifle pale, and the mirth died out of her ianghing eyes, giving place to a look of deep.anxiety. 'Then there is some truth in it after all, and tbey told me on the etage it was only a foolish" report, and that the men with gone who rode along with us were only there for appearance sake, to pacify the fears of the passengers,' she faltered. ' Then, I, reckon they was playin' it off oh yer,' replied Phil serenely. ' Any how, yonr best game is to stop jest whar yon are ontfl 'ibe atage goes through back ageo in tbrpe days, .frhen yon will be pretty safe witfi an armed escort an' lit seoa on tiaiiaay s pile to Carville. ' Where were the Indiana when yon .last heard of tbem f she asked. ' Comyn's Ranch.' . And how far is that !' Fifty miles . from here, and thirty from Plnmmer's.' 'Then Tm going to Plammer's F Miss Annersley remarked, quietly yet deter minedly:.- ;- '-Which it 'pears to me,' observed SqrlyTim, who 'had come ont of the station and overheard the latter portion, of the conversation, .in undisguised ad miration—' which it 'pears to me, miss, that for a petticoat .yon air a rustler 1 Put it thar 1' and when she acted upon his entreaty, he gazed on the little, soft, white hand that lay in his fange, dirty fist, aud did not kuow what to do with it I '.Ypu.-kin .ride !' inquired Phil. ' Jim nodded and shook a wisp of yellow hair ont of its ' bondage beneath her hat across her pretty freckled fore- bead. Phil looked; pp. and down. her ronnd 1 lithe figare as she, .stood before him, nra/mfnlltt' hfohbtniv anil ' t m'r% 4« xhytfam of Lite's gnitar/ from within. Then -his eyes met hers, and they looked at each other for some seconds. yrW-thinjring about now, Mr. Marpleson ! Lnis'e singing, eh r she -asked at length. 'No; LnisV trousers.' . -: ' Luis's troasera 1 What ' « IVe jedt been chawin' it bver, an' it fgeara tqrme that a pair of 'em wonld. fit you party well.' liihtnfostent'tfae coloar-of hot Indig nation-singed to her face, -and - -drawing ' Is it jenerons-r-ie it manly to inenlt JMfeJMnhafl' 'That ain't- -it,' replied Phil; 'the esthm.afotp thtsyer meetin' is : Ho' teyMgoin'totideforty.tnilee over ,k: -joagh brail in 8 Mexican ' saddle— rand, mbe.hev tp rfde/ur ye ifo-panlese: disappeared foroigh.foqdpqrTlRay. « ; Phil eat silently for some time, then tatelfigSt'j ?'tir1JTiiSj5|ihS remarked c3ft&gk;⁢\jpl"S ?Jestiwhi3you tfaiidc yon4wrrhtirtt'nria-4»me to h' fault or bed-rock ; an' jest when yon think the claim's played out, and ain't worth shucks; you strike a jeweller's" shop. Human natur','. he continued thooghtfally, ' is like a hand at poker- when yon see a matt chip to fill, or go one better, yon kin reckon thet he hes some keerds in bis hand : tbet - be sots some store on, an' yet be ain't eartin to rake in the pool ; bnt when thar's a gal in the game, it's cut-throat euchre with out tramps, an the right bower hp some body's sleeve 1' ' Which it 'peara to me yonr air 'bont check. An now, I'll jpst prospect ronnd a bit an' see ef the coast's cl'ar,' remarked Snrly Tim ; and, as be suited tbe word to the action, Philossifer Phil was left alone to ruminate on hnman nature and the exigencies -of the present situation. It was jast 00 the point of snndown, and Suriy Tim had not returned from his self imposed scooting expedition, when Mies Jemima Annersley stole softly to Phil's Bide, and sat down be side him. ' Forgive me, Mr. Marpleson I' rite began, in a low tone, with no trace of resentment in it ; 'I was haBty. I can see it all now. Yon were right, and I was wrong. This is no place for a weak, helpless woman. I will do as yon wish — Stay here nntil the stage returns, and then go straight back to Carville. Yon —yon don't think tbe Indians are likely to attack ns here ! Oh I thought I was a brave, heroic woman to come ont here alone; and now I know I'm only a foolish, wilful girl.' Hie last words came with a sob, and finished in a shower of tears. Pbil shifted uneasily on hie seat. Being entirely foreign to the ways of women, be was greatly affected by her weeping. Yon — you don't think, miBS, yon coiold mebbe jest shot off tbem hydraulics 1 'Cos thar ain't no need to .be skeered permiscus-liks. Ef thar is anything yon want, give it a name, an' I'll make that Mexican greater, LuiB,git it yon. Thai no danger tc-nigbt, for lojnoa don't fight in the dark, so yon kin tarn in an' sleep ez comfortable ez ef you was a babby in yer mother's arms. Ez fur anything else — wall, I reckon Snrly Tim an' rue's here to look after yon, an' Injnns or no Injnns, we'll see yoa safe on the stage agen, e'elp me 1' The girl gave him one swift glance ; then, seized by a sadden impnlse, she took his horny hand in hers, and prested a hasty kies of gratitude open it. ' I think Fm beginning to understand yon better now,' she murmured, and taming qnickly, she vanished. That night, while Surly Tim snored peacefolly on the bank in the room allotted to tbem, Philosaifer Pbil sat watching the stars by the window as be noraed his repeating-rifle until well on to dawn, when Sorly Tim took his place, and ho lay down, and once Tim heard him mumble : ' A fat, red-haired, Irish grocery man !' Yon eee Philip Marpleson was be ginning to take a strong interest in Jim Annersley — as any big-hearted men of thirty-eight make take an interest in a pretty, wilfol, unprotected girl of twenty. CHAPTER III. INJUNS. After a breakfast of slap-jacks and coffee, and the half-breed, Lorenzo, who had been out scoutiog, having reported no trace of Apaches, Phil, in order to divert the mind of the fair tenderfoot from the dangers which might -over- bang them, took her to look at the ruins of the old pneblo, which stood about a hundred yards from the. station, across tbe trail by the creek ; and Snrly Tim accompanied them. They had roamed aboot the curious apartments that were s till/accessible oh tbe ground floor, and the girl was seated upon a log in one of the rooms, listening to the rough -spoken cicerone's graphic acconnt of life in these old unique institutions, when Snrly Tim gave vent to a mattered exclamation, -and crept cautiously towards an anertnra in tbe -walL - Phil's eyes followed those of Tim, and Miss Anneraley's followed PbSi's , In front of the station and across the trail from it grew a thick belt. of yoeeae, behind which the ground was -covered down- to the creek with gamma grass. At ' first Jim's eyes saw nothing that was not there when the three left the station, bat watching more closely .the two .men's gaze, she detected a flight movement in tbe grass that slowly ad vanced, now ceasing entirely, now creeping along steathily for a few yards fia'the direction of the station nntil it was lost among- the yoccae. Five minutes — ten miontes — a quarter of an hoar passed, and still the two men watched and the girl wondered. At. length ahead, a brown head with black hair, rose slowly into view so cantionsly - that it seemed rather to grow ont ofbhe tuft of dark" sword-shaped leaves as though it were a part of the plant. . . What's that!' -demanded the -girl in a frightened whisper. ' - Which it 'peers to me, miss, as Tim would say,' drawled Phil in return, as he brought np his rifle to tbe right"' ' diet's an InjaO.' The crack of his 'firearm Bapplied the foil stop to.thB .sentence, and was echoed by a piercing desth-pry, as a half-naked bronzs body in foil war-paint. leaped five foet in the air. and crashed to the grohhd a cotpse; j??t an instant there was silence in the. old pneblo. ".Then, with flashing, -eyes, Jim Annersley turned to tbe. -philosopher, and, 'pointing With out stretched finger to the ynccas, fairly hqrlea at.him tfae bne word— . / Murderer f.. : ' reckon von air check thar, mis8, bnt I -calkerlate the . red - cuss won't - murder. nb. more. He's throngh with' his jtisyin'' this slide tho happy buotinV grounds,? replied -Phil, coolly throwing: array the '-spent cartridge, and replacing jt hnih hv foided .one iu. pider'to '.kee|) the '.magazine/ pf. Jtis "."repeating-rifle charged toita fuli capacity. - wia: feo3"'? ; briQsra/riYqn' jshotdown kipoor owHeathre,ifirom hebindfruhack'T she exclaimed :panionatey ; and:ii%il htooft with crimbvndfofo>:ab%h) as one atopa fo note Tft-tmit liwiifl HVflji BHiiPiwiiTMhi ft':?. I U yoass -galag i tf&fo; The girl shot one glance of bitter resentment' at him, acd did not deign to reply in. words. . 'Didn't use ter measure 'em off with a yard-stick, or weigh 'em ont in ponnds, an' put 'ein up iu passels, did yer !' he went on blandly, for not eveo bjs ad miration for the fresh yonng girl or the novelty of it had quite conquered the ttrong vein of sarcasm that a long course of philosophy almost invariably breeds in a man's nainre. Still Miss Annersley refused to reply1 'Jest sol' he concluded plearaiitly, and shonldering his rifle, stepped ncrosa to the clamp of yuccas which Snrly Tim and the occupants of tbe station, brought ont by the shot, had already reached. The girl followed drawn by sons horrible fascination, to farther sicken ber tender heart with her firat right of hnman laughter. It'e Arrow Nose's chief scout, Creep ing Snake,' Lnis cried in alarm, and re turned qnickly to the station. In another minute he was galloping dawn the trail on the fatest mustang in tbe corral, for was he not ' pore Mexican,' with a wholesome regard for a whole akin 1 Lorenzo qnickly followed, aod how or when tbe Indian boy disappeared no body knew. He vanished. Which it 'pears to me we'd better be bnlgin' over to Plnmmer's,' remarked Snrly Tim. ' Yon kin clap tbe saddles on the three best hosses yon kin ketch,' Phil renlipd - and Tim linwererl am. J. his bidding, while the philosopher paused a moment, for his eye had noticed that, in falling, the body of the Indian < bad "imprisoned a harmless horned toad. 1 He rolled the corpse over with bis foot, and the released lizard crawled away ungainly to safety. Then he followed Tim withbnt'a word towards the bnild ing. And the girl saw him and mar velled — marvelled that in the same lump of human flesh nature should have implanted such ineongraous impulses, that tbe same man who only a few minutes ago shot down like vermin a fellow man should now in a hoar of extreme peril diaplay each kindness to a mere ngiy reptile. Frightened and bewildered, ehe followed Phil across the trail, and not knowing what to do, Bat opoo the beoch by the door, while he strode hurriedly into the house. Soon he reappeared with something over bis arm. ' Ob, why did 1 ever come npon this mad etrand !' ehe cried bitterly. ' Heaven help me 1 what will the end of it be !' ' Either Luis's trousers or kingdom come,' replied Pbil laconically. She looked np in bis face, and there read stern command. Murderer or no murderer, she felt that there was no trifling in the look of -those cold gray eyes, and snatching np the garment, ehe fled with it to the room aha had olept in. In ten minntea. more she was riding down the trail with Phil at her side, while Snrly Tim rode a few yards in advance. Jim Annersley was an accomplished horse-woman, and found, when tbe strangeness of it had worn oflj that it was not so difficult to adapt herself to the Mexican saddle as she had imagined. Action, too, calmed down her feare, and soon Bhe was wondering how, nnder tbe circumstances,, she cocld foe so cool. Ana as ene grew cooler and reflected, it came to her that ehe might possibly have been a little too precipitite in accusing her companion of the enormity of murder ; yet she could not see what justification be had received. Aa tor Phil, he trotted along at her side, with the aame indifferent look his face might ' have exhibited if the occasion had been | a picnic instead of a race for life. | ' Mr. Marpleson,' ehe began a little awkwardly ; ' I want to be jast to yoa.' 'Wair ' There are things Fm afraid I don't nnderatand. Hnman life is snch a pre cious thing that my eonl revolts to see it taken, so — so — I hardly know how to pnt it, Mr. . Marpleson, bnt doesn't yonr Benm of justice demand that even U IUUIWIj VvUCU UO 10 WAffU UUahWBBCOj should not be ruthlessly pnt to death without a fair trial !' ' Jeet so, replied Phil genially : 'only when ifs a Injnn ez is ont on the war path, layin'.for to rip the shingles offen flie roof of yer head, it'e jess as well to ' shoot him fhst an' try him after.' The girl rode on in silence for some minutes, then turning to her companion suddenly, ehe asked : \- ' Mr. Marpleson, why did yon shoot tbat Indian f . ' 'Cos I nivver back agen Providence — 'cos I'd rather be a Arizony gold-digger for two minutes 'n a corpse for etaraity. Say, miss,' he went on, 'yon air what we call a innercent, an' yon don't quite ketch on. Thar's lojnne nearer'n yon or ma reckoned. Ef I'd let tbat red skunk git back to Arrow Nose, tbe hall lot 'afl hev been down on ns like jack- rabbits, an' I 'low we'dhev been wrastin' onr hash out on the mesa afore snn-do wn. Now the Apache cnsseell wait til night fall far their scont to come in. Then, mebbe, they'll send ont another ; bnt, anyhow.they nivver Attacks in the night, an' so by the time tbey git the general drift of things up Crnz, we ll be cl'ar over to Pinmmer'e — onless ' ' Unless what F ' Onless they light on onr trail fcy accident.' . And |hat Is jnet what they did. \- - Thirty; out of forty miles had been traversed, and weariniess was beginning to sit fmavily" upon the' girl, for only once iiad they dismounted to water their hones at a 'dobs hole, aod rest for a few imnntes from the scorching glare in the fttie dfja cinmp of ynccas. Now they mgidhtiriniir to grio the opposite ride oi the bax-conon of a -creek which lay exactly Across the direct trail from Cruz ho Tinnimir's —a mighty chasm whose high -perpendicular walls, two hundred, yards epart, sternly forbade the passage of aught bnt a bird or a rifle bullet. 'The "fugitives Tuning got ronnd to the Ofiporite edgs of the canonf Phil decided npon halting for an hour, and Jim flung beredf- tbankfally npon the sun-baked gasnktrii riie briri lestwtiicb waiv Juarinqd her; for looking acrosq.the sffiaein;1ier eyes fell npon a toll, naked! Bhyshe, grotesqqieiy Streaked with yellow Yrih ritting motionless npon canon;'; Jglw fcagLez/fiEAthera 'in hie . bonnet stood/ biHlypllhdnetlfll » againBt the" sky.; :t AU;i tiioi%htr w<vfatigne vanished " - : 'v; - - - . Is tbat f Jim began. ' Arrow Nose, X reckon,' Phil returned quietly, completing the sentence; The terrible Apache chief struck bis month rapidly with tbe flat of his hand, and gave vent to a shrill, piercing, vib rating note, that Shrieked and swelled across the chasm, end went echoing from side to side down the canon. It was tbe war-whoop. What is he shooting !' asked Jim fearfully. '"Quit," I reckon,' rejoined Phil, aa be ewoiig her into the caddie and leaped on hie own mustang. Hardly had the pronounced signal for slaughter died away, when the opposite brink of the chasm was crowned with a living fringe of yelling, mounted hnman Gends, and tbe Apachea sent a volley of bnllcti singing across the gorge from the Remington repeating-rifles they bad stolen from the murdered cavriry com mand. Ride for yer life onten gun-shot !' cried Phil ; and the mustangs sprang forward amid a hail of ballets. When a conple of handled yards had been placed between'them and the canon, Phil slackeded speed and drew Snrly Tim back. 'Tim,' he remarked, in a low tone, ' this yer circas hez begun. I reckon it will take the red erases twenty minntea to git here. Thet gives ns a purty good send off ; bnt the gal's tired, an' the horses ain't fresh. Mebbe we'll make Pinmmer'e— an' mebbe we'll ml« tiuguom come. 1 want yon to awar tbat ef we strike a streak of ill-lack sn' Fm laid ont previous tbat ef the wnst comes to the wast, you'll clap yon sbootin'-Iron to thet gal's heap and pnt a ballet through ber brain afore yon eay yer prayers !' I sw'ar, Phil,' Surly Tim replied solemnly, and tbe two men Bhook hands. ' What are yon saying to Tim F in quired Jim anxiously, as Phil came up. " I was tellin' him of a yonog Eastern jay tz come to Plammer's lest fail in a ping bat an' a biled ahirt to git sub scriptions far the "Life of Confucira" in .twenty-one sections. An' now, I reckon, we'd better be littin' ont,' re turned Pbil, with the face of a Sphinx. And the girl knew that he lied, bnt said Dothing. Daring the laBt few moments they had been takiog advantage of the cover afforded by a group of bare, browD rocks, but now tbey galloped on to the open again, aod pressed forward, for they were Btill within range of the Indians' rifles. As the fugitives reappeared on the mesa, another blood-cnrdliog yell went np throngh the golden sunshine, and the repeating- rifles spoke again. Jim Anneraley's horse answered with a scream of paio, and ploughed heavily down on the bard baked earth, shot throngh the heart In a flash Pbil had leaped from tbe saddle in time to save the girl from a heavy fall. ' Ob, what shall I do — what shall I do F she cried helplessly, as tbe shots rang ont again across the canon. Which it 'pears to me, miss, yon Hw mount my borro, for the present owner hez no farther use for it. I reckon the red cuesea hev tramped my Ia8t trick F growled Surly Tim, savagely shaking his fiat at the yelling brutes, and rolled ont of the saddle — dead ! Sick at heart, tbe girl pressed her hands to her eyes. The golden, laugh ing sunshine was full of crnel, bloody death. A eickeoiog faintneee came over her as a heavy cloud, that lowered, and crashed her in its icy blackness nntil her brain reeled— nntil Phil caught her I ronnd the waist and whispered encour- | agingly : I ' Yon come ont here io show ns an | niinoia gal was real grit ; Show it now!' That palled her together better than a dram of spirits. Fear fled like the gloom on tbe Sierras before the morning eun, and only brave resolution ehone on her pale beantifal face. ' God help me, I will !' she returned steadily, and, turning to 1 he heap of life- lees clay tbat bad so lately been Snrly Tim, she stooped aod laid her pure yonog ups on the etill warm forehead. It was the first time for many years that a kiss of fresh yonng innocence had been pressed there. Pbil turned away he did not know why. With uncovered head — he did not know why — he tnrned his face up to the blu». Perhaps it was only its biasness that reflected itself in his eyes, taming them to the tender er shade. Perhaps it was only tbe strong light that drew the moisture into the corners of them. Perhaps ! Aod, crack ! crack ! the rifles rang out, for the Indians were not sparing of Uncle Sam'e ammunition ; bnt they were firing at long rang now, aod none of the other shots told. Silently Phil helped his fair comrade to monnt Tim's tons tang and quickly vaulting into the saddle himself, tbe two were soon beyond reach ot the firearms of the Apaches, who were now racing madly along the brink of the csuoD, a howling, blood-hungering horde, to the nearest crossing. The mad race for life and death had began in grim earnest, (To be concluded next week, j 