A GREAT WRONG: Or.. THE aMYSTERY OF BLACK OL. LOW GRANGE. CHAPTER XXIII.-(Co,?nernED.) Maud Melville, flying homeward from the Gerhart cottage, almost stumbled over him, as he lay like a log across the moorland path. She stood still, with a quick,;:startled cry. . . , He's dead !' she gasped, dropping on her knees beside the prostrate figure. "He's surely 'dead, poor fellow/ I" The lightning flashed, and the thunder roared threateningly amid the peaks above, and in a few minutes the storm would be upon her. But Maud had no thought of leaving this suffering stranger alone. 3As ahe would have raised a hurt lamb, she raised the handsome head, and began to pass her southing hand over the white brow. It was cdvred with blood and dirt, the fair."clustering hair was all tangled and clotted, and fromt the blue, close- shut lips a bloody foam oozed. i An: unutterable..pain pierced Maud's tender breoi t,ianda:pity for this un ksnown main;filledther dark eyes with tears. " , " He's dead," she moaned again. "Poor fellow I what shall I do for him I" The big drops began to fall heavily, and the winds shrieked across the gray moors like a troop of banshees. She caught therain as it fell, and bathed his temples, smoothing back the fair hair; and under the mesmeric touches, the curreit of life began to flow again. A slow color rose in the marble eneeks. and she felt his heart beating arainst her as she held him. Her tears fell like the rain, and even thent-she-experienced-a sense of wonder at the sweet joy that thrilled her. " Can you speaki Do you hear me ? Do yot suffer very much ?" Roused by the gentle voice, Sir Harry Treshnnm opened his handsome blue eyes wide, and gazed about him with a bewil dered stare. " What's the matter? Where am I?" he demanded. " I think your horse must have thrown you.' I found you 'lying here.' Are you very much hurt ?" The young;,man struggled ups to his elbow, and drew his,hand across his eyes. "Yes, I remember that confounded horse of mine ran down the cliff yonder. No, I don't think I'm very much hurt. but the breath 'was knocked pretty well out of me. By Jovel My brain's in a whirl yet." "He made an effort to regain his feet, but reeled and fellagain,' white and sick with pain. "Confound itl I`beg you pardon, mad-am, hi- t the trouble's in my right ankle, I couldn't stand if I were to be shotifor it. And heavens! hark to the thunder. A terrible storm is impending. Do not linger, madam, I beg.' You are very kind, but tlere'asno need that both of its should be drenched ; run for your life to the nearest shelter." "'No, I shall not leave you," was her quiet answer. Sir Harry turned and looked at her. Her black braids were all in a tumble, and dripping like a mermaid's, her cheeks rose-red, and her black eyes shone like stars. In all his life, he had never,. he thought, looked upon a handsomer face. Despite. his pain and his disagreeable condition his heart gave a little thrill of admiration. He was a passionate adorer of wonianly loveliness. Utterly unconscious of his observation, Maud continued: " I shall not leave you, a stranger, and' suffering as you are. I wouldn't leaves crippled kid here in all this storm. But we can't reach the Fellside now, and therefore we must seek a nearer shelter. There's alittle' cave just round the ledge there, which' is quite snug, and we've no time to lose. These Highland storms are soon over, but they are severe while they last. Come now, let me help you, please. You must lean upon me. I am strong, and it won't hurt me." Sir Harry looked at her again as she passed her little young arm about him, a smile that was half admiration half amusement lighting his handsome eyes. He had known n-u.nay -lovely high-born ladies, and this girl, with her darkbeauty and her womanly tenderness, was so un like them "Lean on me, please," she 'continued, Sclasping him close, and the touch of her strong, soft arm thrilled some fiber in the young noble's being that never touched him before. "Thank you. How good you are. How shall I ever repay you for all this?" he murmured, a tremor in his voice. " Oh, never mind, only lean on me, and let us get into the cave." And leaning on her, almost clinging to her in his acute pain and helplessness, he let her conduct him round the sharp cor ner of the ledge and into the little cavw of -whic-she- had spoken - A curious place it was, walled and roofed with stone, and on one side their was a rude seat cut in the solid rock. MIlud got her patient under the shelter of this sylvan roof, and seated him upon the stone seat. He looked very white and faint, and the sweat of agony stood out upon his forehead in great drops. " How good you are I" he repeated, smiling up at her a smile that lit the patri cian face with winning brightness. "What shall I ever do for you ?" Maud laughed in answer, and her laugh was inexprssaibly sweet and girlish. " No matter now : let us wait till the storm is over, and 1"11 try to think of some thing," -he said, pleasantly, "Here it comes now ; we did not get under cover a minutell too soon." And down tile rain came in torrents, tih winds shrieking amid the hills with a fury that was appalling. Sine IiHarry watched his companion as she loked out into the wild chaos with steady, shining eyes. " You do not seem frightened,' he said. " Most ladies I have known suffer great fear in storms, and this one is terrible." " Yes ; but I have been used to them all my life. Indeed, I always enjoy a thunder-storm. Does your ankle pain you much ? Can I do anything for you ?" she added with a pitying glance. SNothing more, thalnkyou. My ankle is rather painful, but I can bear it." "T'iho minute the storm abates you shall have help. It is but a step from here to Follside." "TemFlellside ! Is that your home ?" "Yes. The house is just beyond the firs there." "And your friends will they not suffer great uneasiness on your account ?" " I have no friends. 1 am alone." The pathos iin her voice touched Sir Harry's inmost heart. " Alone, and so young !" " Yes. My father and mother sleep in the little church- yard over there, and !ny sister-I have lost my sister." "Lost her! Is sho, too, dead 1" "I do not know ; she may be." Turn ing her dark eyes full upon him, she added: "Do you come from London, "From London? Yes; why do you sk 1" She flushed a little as she replied: "Nothing,only I'n always fancyingthat I shall eoss esome o-om-who-casn-te!l-me something of my sister. Poorlittle Isabel I It was in London she was lost." Sir Harry half forgets his pain in curosity. " Why, how did you losohert I can not understand." "She married Sir Hereford Marlowe's son. At leo:t," she added, stammering and flushing painfully,'" she ran' away from home with him, and we".e never heard of her since." The young m.m started 'ip so suddenly that his ankle tingled with acute pain. " What, Arthur Marlowe? Did he marry your sister 1" he -cried. " Yes. Do you know him I" - " I know him well, and remember the samoyou mention. Isabel-yes,that'sit, by Jove I Pour Arthur was continually raving about his bride, Isabel, but his people said he was insane." - " His people told falsehoods'; he narried my sister.' Do you kniow where lio is now?" "In Paris, I believe. He is 'to marry Lady Bianca Dris- ti thin autumn'." Maud's dark eyes flashed with anger. " So soon ;and my poor little sister gone and forgotten. " " She let.her.head fall;and, covering her ueo with her hands,'burstinto tears. Sir Harry sat and 'looked at her while the storm raged without, his blue eyes elo quent with pity. "Poor girl," he was thinking. "She knows so little of the great, wicked world. I suppose her sister went to London, and that inelstorm of vico swallowed her." A sudden sound behind him changed the current of his thoughts and brought Iaud to her feet. And then the solid stone that walled the rear of the cave began to more. -Sir-Harry's- first thought-was of-an earthquake or some suich impending danger, and .with instinctive, manly chivalry he tottered to his feet, and threw his right arm about Maud's shoulders. She clung to him and trembled, but her black eyes watched the moving atone, and she uttered no word or cry. " Heavens above I" ejaculated Sir Harry, .holding his companion still closer. "The day of doonm has come, and tle dead are coming forth from their graves I" The old man emerged from the thick gloom beyond hintm, shading his eyes with one hand. "IHere we are at last," he cried, "and in the midst of the thunder- storm, too." Catching sight of the amazed couple who stood regarding him with distended eyes, he stopped short, and then made a courtly, old-fashioned bow. " I beg you pardon-" Bat-ianrd darted past hitih witii aswift cry, and grasped Ambrose, as he issued like a gaunt skeleton from the yawning inunel. - - - "Ambrose I Ambrose !" she panted, " what does this mean 7" " Wait a minute," he faltered, "and you shall know. I'm weak- " His voice failed, and before he could reach the stone seat he fell prostrate in a swool. Maud, forgetful for the moment of Sir Harry and his injuries, flew to him and raised his head. "Poor Ambrose I Why, he looks as if he had been dead and buried," she cried, smoothing back the hair from his hag gard face. "What can have happened to him l" "He has been buried, though not quite dead," King Lear made answer, toueuing a secret spring as he spoke, which sent the great stone back into its place, "down in the dungeon beneath the old manor. It was a lucky thing I saw him go down, for I take it, sir," bowing to Sir Harry, "I'm the only man alive who konws the secret of this underground passage." "Underground passage is it I And who the deuce are you ?" The old man laughed and stroked his frosty. beard. "You stare at me as if I were ghost." "A ghostatfirstsightIcertainly thought you. I should take you for a Trevethon now. You look like the old Trevethon portraits at Lyndith Hall. By 'Jove, you must be the long missming Sir Arthur." -But-the-old-man shook?-hia--ilvered head. .. "Nay, I am not Sir Arthur. I am only King Lear." "King Lear 1" "Yes;' they call' me King Lear at Moreton House. . A good 'enough rame, isn't it?' And you, sir, what may your name be ?" "Trisham." "' " "Ah! A sterling old name.' And you visit Lyndith Hall 1" "Quite often." " "" How does the old place look ? Going to ruins, isn't it 1", "Ruins, indeed 1 .Sir Geoffrey had it reiaired a year or so ago, and it looks like a palace." " Sir Geoffrey I What manner of man is he T' " A very pleasant gentleman." The old man laughed tilt the cave rang with shrill echoes. "Sir Geoffrey I Well, this is a queer world. I'll get back -to Moreton House and stay there, I believe. Why should I care? Only for the boy's sake. Do you happen to know, sir, if Sir Geoffrey has a " He's a madman,"thought Sir Arthur, " the same person, without doubt, that BMiss Trevovethon saw at the Haunted Manrr. Yet, how like the Trevethon's he looks." SYes, Sir Geoffrey has a son,'he an swered, aloud. "A sonl" There was unutterablle soru row in his voice. "Do you know his " Yes ; it is Richmond." A cry of pain broke from the old mans lips. and theu his shrill laughter rang out again. "Sir Geoffrey Trevothour has a son, you say, and hIe is called Richmond," he repeated. " Well, well, it must be true what they say of me. I am a madman. I'11 get back to Moreton House, and die there. I've lbst my place in the world." He turned swiftly, and passing out at the door of the cave, disappeared in the wild, whirling storm. CHAPTER XXIV. THE DEAD MSAN' STOP.Y. Sir Harry lay at the Fiii?de Fl?arm-ilofse, unable to lift his head from the fragrant white pillow to which 3taud had consigned it; hi_ injuries having turned out to be much more serious that any one had apprehended. "You cannot be moved, sir, nild ou'll not atir aut of this house for weeks to come. Lhat ankle is an ugly fracture, and you've some internalinjury in the bargain. The teast exertion now might cost you youe That was Dr. Nugent's verdict. Hearing it, poor Sir Ilarry groaned aloud. "'Tis too confounded bad l Why, I'd five half I'm worth to get to London toidayl snd here I must lie like a log. W'ell. sir?' turninig to Ambrose, "if there's no help for it, I mus.t b.g you to. go inOmy i e.'r - "I'll go, sir." "Very well; and take that marvellous document with you. You say you foounl it in the skeleton's hand, and there's a ring on the finger 1" "That is hatTIsai, sir." Sir Harry looked up at the young High. lander's handsome, grave face, with a sort of curious wonder. '" What possessed you to go down into that dungeon 2" he asked. "I had heard of the mystery of Black Hol. low Grange." "And you set to work to clear it up 1 Well, you took the job out of my hands. A day later, and I should have dclone the same thing that you have done. No matter since the riddle is solved. Mr. Gerhart, didyou ever hear of Miss Lenore Trevethon ?" SThe daughter of the missing baronet? Yes, she married Sir Geoffrey's son, and went abroad. I saw the account in the papers." "Precisely. Now, Mr. Gerhart, I beg that you won't ask me a question, but only have the kindness to do as I tell you. There's a secret in this matter, which I am bound in Ionor not to betray, you understand ?" "I understand, sir. What would you like me to do 1" " Take the paper-(Hleavens, what a stir it will make among the aristocracy of Lon don; 1 must be there to see), Mr. Gerhart, and go to No. - St. John's Wood. There is a lady there-I can't give her name ; that's where the secret comes in, you see. I'll tell this much-she's vitally concerned in these discoveries. You must see her, and show her the paper before you submit it to any one else." Ambrose shrugged his shapely shoulders. "Rather a blindfold sort of errand, I should say, sir," he replied. "For whom shall I ask, if I'm not to know the lady's name 1" "I'll write a noteland seal it, and you shall send it up to her." " Very well. You look like a man of honor. Write the note and I will do as you ;wish, though I most confess I am not particularly pleased with the errand." Sir Harry with much pain and difficulty wrote the note, [signed and sealed it, and directed it to "The Lady on the first floor front, No. - St. John's Wood." With thiia etet r in his possession, Am. brose, tall and gaunt from his late sufferings, journeyed down to London. He took a cab at the depot and drove direct to St. John's Wood, reaching the un pretending dwelling which bore the deseg. nated number a little before sunset. The hostess herself received him in her small sittingroom, and took charge of the note. There was a lady on the first floor, front; she would take it up to her. Ambrose sat down and waited, the yellow leaves, which had been hidden for so many years in the black dungeon, rising and fatl ling with every beat of his impatient heart. Five, ten minutes; and then there came a light step and the rustle of a woman's gar ments. The door opened, and Ambrose rose to his feet. " I beg your pardon, madam, for this in. trusion-' he began, but at sight of her face the words died on his lips. He stood and stared like one who sees an appatit'on. He stood face to face with the woman for whose-sake hea-bd o?cer--isked - his life. the woman he loved I For one minute Miss Trevethon lost her imperial self-control. The hot blood surged to her temples, her clecr eyes fell, her hre"t heaved with great, sutfocating throbs ; but in the next she was her own queenly self. She advanced to meet her visitor, extend. ing one slender white hand. "I am glad to see you, Mr. Gerhart," she said. "' Sir Harry failed to mention your name in the note, and meeting you so sud. denly surprised me. You are well l" "I am well; thank you," answered Am. brose, accepting the seat she offerede and setting his teeth hard to keep down his emo. tion. If it cost him his life, she should not see how the sight of her loveliness ioied' him. She drew a seat in front of him, and folded her graceful bands. " Poor Sir Harry has met with an acci. dent ' she went on. "I hope it is nothing serious." " She loves him," thought Ambrose ; "and he her. What a fool Iwas to be decoyedinto coming here." "Nothing serious," he answered aloud; "only a painful fracture, which forces him to keep quiet." "And it was all for me. Poor, kind Sir Henry I" She wrung her lovely bands, and Ambrose bit his lips in an agony of jealous rage. "He tells me," she continurd, after a minute, "that you have been making some verywonderful discoveries at ,the Haunted Grange ?" Ambrose rose abruptly, and drew the roll of yellow paper from his breast. " 1 have been down in the dungeon again," he blurted :out, "and I found a skeleton. These papers were in its hands, and there was a diamond ring upon its finger. The apers-I brought- away,-the ing-i-leftin- touched." Miss Trevethon half rose, her face the hue of death, her limbs shaking under her, but sank back again, unable to articulate a word. "Sir Harry Treshaminsisted that I should bring the papers here and show them to you first, and here they. are," continued the young man, laying them on the table beside ner. She looked at them,shuddering from head to foot. " A skeleton-a skeleton down in that awful place l Oh, my poor murdered fatherl" Ambrose gave a great start. " Good heavens I"he cried, you don't mean to say-" But, checking himself, he stunned shortu leaving the question unasked. Still trembling in every limb, still death. white, Lenore took up the yellow roll, and smoothed out its discolored pages. The first was dated some years back, and ran as follows. "I, Arthur Treeethon, do leave this, my last chargo and testimony, hoping that by some caones It may one day come to the ayes of the world. I am down in this dungeon beneath the manor, mangled and dying. I was forced through the trap-door, which opens trom the actrroom which adjoins the library, by a mas wha came to me pvnloroing to be my rousin, Sir Geoffrey Trcoethon, the late baroilel's coo aned heir. This man is strangdly like Sir Geoffrey. Moreover, he has ample proof of his identity, hblt he is an impestor, nevertheless. I told him so when he came to me as I sat in the library on the night previous to my return to London. "He grew livid with guilt and rsge, and seing me bodily, lorced me ioto the antero.,m, and througsh the secret door. 'Norw betray me, if you can l" were his last words to me, as t fell. "I am writing this, in the thick darkness on thie leaves of my diary. The ciill of dethl is al. ready a: my heart. I shall never see thre light sesiel-nerer see the fIces of my dear wife and rgeld unol I meetthelmin heaven. I shall dis deoawn here in this terrible plae, cad no ose rill kino; but heavren justice will sarely brig this foul deed to light. By some chanucym le fawill_ twe made known to the norld, and tlhis- p ipe, shich I am writing in darkness, and in untold aony, rwill be ound. And to him aho finds it,I ra ?y charge. Avenge my munrder, and right tins great wrong. The man who, a Is bimelnrf ie Geoffrey Teereyhcn is a base impeoran. The true Sir Geofirey will come one day and claim his "I can write no more. My hand fails, and death comes to set ma free. M?y eoar wife, farewell. Lenore, my little girl, if you live, do not disregard your poor, fond father's will. When your Cousin Richmond comes, you will ratify your childish betrothal, and become his wie ; and may the Al mightey Fther hI,.. and orouper my daughler sad her husband, itenoorleOcoo., The Chinese brlieved, cchen telegraphy sa, 'etrodued eata their coeuntry, that forecgoere cut out the tongees on childreec and suspedced tlie,,, on the inslators to transmit mcoocegre fiom pole to pole. Birds deler very much in the lieight, tc" which tihey ccenconlv noccl. TIhr coudier. lnrge.,t of cult lrec cndccl cll fyin" birds, I.a hoea oh-rred rearing over e i.t.i feet, nr abhn?l Printed and published by the Proprietors, KAIe & Taonson, at their Office, 168 S 170 Queeneberry-street, North Melbourae, TELEPIOXE 1191. 