(By MRS. J. H. WALWORTH.) CHAPTER II.-(C'ontmucd.) He found himself in a small car peted hall, from which doors opening on either sido gave entrance into the various apartments of the house. Paus ing irresolute, scarcely knowing how to proceed, now that he had invaded Gregory's. castle, the lawyer was on the point of calling about for his host, when he was attracted by a heavy fall on the floor in a room to his right, towards which he proceeded without further ceremony, and pushed open the door. Probe upon the floor lay Gregory Kendall. Crushed beneath hi. in his fall was a woman's dress of soft gray pongee, the contents of its pocket having evidently just been emptied by the unhappy man before conscious ness left him. A pan of freshly ignited charcoal showed the lawyei what Gregory's intention had been to burn these things-but before his taslk had been accomplished the deadly fumes of the charcoal had overpowered him. nmr. 'tornam a nrsi care was to ex tinguish the pan of charcoal, his next to fling the windows up; then he approached the fallen man, and, care fully noting his surroundings, knew by a flash of inspiration why Gregory Kendall's soul had been shaken to its centre by the killing of Spencer Whitehurst. From the deep pocket of the soft gray pongee it was evident the articles strewn about had just been extracted -a tiny silver-mounted, single-bar relled pistol, bearing upon the name plate,' S.W.'; the beginning of a torn letter, addressed to " My lost idol;" the mate of the glove then in Mr. Gorham's possession; and a delicate cambric handkerchief, perfumed with the same delicate perfume that per vaded the glove, and marked ' Cathe rine Kendall.' Quite sure that there was no longer any danger from the charcoal, Mr. Gorham softly replaced the window as he had found it, and stole noiselessly away. ' I came to comfort him,' he said, as he once more stood upon the street; ' but God help him! It would be but sorry comfort for him to know that I have stolen his hideous secret from him. He will recover from his swoon presently, and then he will finish his sombre task, completing the holocaust whereon he will offer up, poor boy, along with those mute wit nesses of crime, all of joy and trust and love lifo held for him.' The next morning more than one blank wall about the city was pla carded with a strangely sensational paragraph touching the Whitehurst murder. It read thus: 'It seemed strange that the boasted vigilance ,and astuteness of our detective -force should be so completely inadequate to trace the murder of our late eminent and popular citizen, Dr. Spencer Whitehurst. Is it not known that Dr. Whitehurst, suddenly, and considerably to the commercial injury of a certain person, who shall be nameless, opened the drug store on the corner of Cherry and Fleet streets? Avarice made the first Cain-why not this one ? A hint to the wise, written in the interest of social security by a law-abiding citizen.' Mrr. Utoram read this placara m Scommon with half the town. ' By Heaven!' he muttered, turning away from the perusal of it with a grinding motion of his heel upon the stone pavement. 'This is another phase of his insanity. I will save him from himself, from the clutches of the law, and from her!' ' Cailed away on pressing business,' was the announcement that stared everyone in the face from Mr. Gor ham's office-door for the next four or five days. But of all those who, after climbing the steep stairs to consult the jurist, faced this disappointment with more or less of philosophical endurance, there was none so keenly disappointed or so unphilosophical over Mr. Gor ham's absence as Wilson, the detec tive, who wont away, muttering, after his third fruitless climb: * There is no use wasting any more time in this direction. I'll make out my affidavit for Gregory Kendall's ar rest at once!' CHAPTER III. EXPATRIATED. 'There is no use arguing the point any longer, my dear fellow. There is but one way out of this whole miser able business, and that one way is expatriation. Having just been pulled through as small a loophole as a man ever got through neck-whole, one would naturally expect to findyou perfectly docile, and altogether rea sonable about any after-matter, upon which much depend the final issue, after all. I scarcelythink you havebeen in -a frame of mind to realise how near that womanish white throat of yours has'been to exchanging its fas tidious silken ties for a hempen cravat. And all. through your insane folly!' Mr. Gorham wound up, looking steadily into Gregory Kendall's warm face. A look of sullen despair was all the response the lawyer received; so, smoothing the long, curling ends of his moustache fiercely for a few seconds df meditation, he proceeded with his lecture. * 'You have done everything to excite, rather than divert, suspicion. All my unprofessional manceuvring has almost been set at naught after all. You have made me wonder at the strength of your hold upon my affec. tions, so absurdly have you acted in this matter. Wilson has his spies ;well pai4. Your own servants, I doubt not, are among them. How else has it gotten to his hearing, that your wife called in her family physician to consult him regarding your sanity ? or that you sent her and your child out of the city in half an hour's notice ?' 'Mlrs. Kendall was summoned by telegraph to her father's death-bed three days ago,' said Gzegory, with dignity. 'I am glad to hear it,' was the lawyer's heartless rejoinder. 'That will simplify matters.' 'For whom ?' ' All of us.' 'xe settled misery in the face of his companion, the apathetic droop of his slender boyish form touched whatever of heart-long familiarity with tales of crime and sufferings of criminals may have left in the breast of one' of the city's'first criminal lawyers, andinfused genuine feeling into his next words, and a slight warmth into one of the coldest, calmest, most deliberate voices that ever badgered a witness or crushed an opposing counsel with the force of a.dam's living ice-floe. ' Forget that I am a lawyer, Gre gory,' he, said. Try to see in me only the old-time friend of "white taw" and " china alley" days. When you were my willing little fag, and I was your champion against aggressors of every stripe, you followed my bid ding blindly then. I ask you, for your own sake, to do as much now. Say whether you are willing to follow my friendly counsel as unquestioningly as if circumstances had compelled you to submit to my legal advice.' ' What do you want of me ? Speak slowly and put it very plainly. I feel like an old, old man, who has lived a century-outlived everything worth living for- whose memory concerning yesterday and to-day is weak and treacherous. When you speak rapidly, I grow dizzy in the effort to follow you,' Gregory answered. Mr. Gorham regarded the unhappy man with a keen observant look, then asked: ' What is your last distinct recollection since our taking the train for a run down to my mother's place ?' 'That was the evening after the very day that Kate left me.' ' Yes.' 'I remember the stopping of the train at a water-tank in the woods, and your getting off with me, and telling me to remain there quietly until you bhould come back for me; then you sprang back to the train, and with a shriek of the locomotive, and a rush and a clatter, I found myself deserted, as I believed, by the last friend I had on earth. I remembered that the old tank man was very good to me when I told him I had been taken suddenly ill and had gotten off to take the first down train back home. I think he did not find it hard to believe. He took me straightway to his little cabin, and gave uphis own bed to me. I threw myself on it, and seemed to fall at once into a blessed life-giving, care-killing sleep, and yet I seem never to have lost the mournful sound of the wind sighing about the branches of the great trees that crowded about thelittlehut. AndIremember watching the long black shadows creep steal thily from tree trunk to tree trunk as the day wore away, and Ifancied they looked like black-robed nuns gliding through the forest aisles to vespers; but the sun went down and the shadows deepened into the blackness of a starless night, and the old tank man built a huge fire in the hut, and we had no other light. Then more shadows came creeping about me. His and mine only you will say, but they flittered grotesquely about the hut as the flames flickered or flared, coming closer to me, gliding far from me like, shadowy ghosts sent by him to torture me. Then you bame back, and God bless you for it, Hugh, and since then--since.then Hugh! I wonder if I am going crazy ?' With this question there came into the speaker's haggard eyes a look of the most pitiful bewilderment, as if his overtaxed brain vainly essayed to grapple some suddenly presented new and complex problem. And, indeed, the problem of Gre gory Kendall's future was most likely to prove both new and complex. 'Tiut, man !' says the lawyer, with breezy cheerfulness, 'morbid fancies born of morbid sensibilities, bred in a morbid brain ! Nothing more and nothing worse ?' The evidence of brain weakness on the part of his companion did net, however, escape the penetration of the lawyer, for it was in consequence of eu 'h evidence that he said, speaking very slowly and very distinctly: ' We will put you in the third per son for the sake of convenience, Gregory, while I state your position and my desires. You will please give me your best attention, and correct me if I make a mis-statement. To begin then: "Gregory Kendall having in the heat of passion- 'In defence of honor what will not a person do ' Gregory suddenly ejaculated, with fierce impatience. '"Person" is a noun of the com mon gender, Greg,'. Mr. Gorham hazarded, and was sorry of his 'ex periment, immediately adding, sooth ingly: ' My dear Kendall, you are alone with your best friend. This is not the courthouse, nor my office, nor your confessional. Consequently you can permit my statement of your case to proceed without any interpolations. To resume.' 'Gregory Kendall, a young man of unimpeachable character heretofore, pacific in disposition, generous in im pulse, universally pronounced one of the best of fellows, having, in the heat of paession or in the heat of jealousy-' (Poor Gregory, for his lifo he could not have repressed that soul-wrung groan.) 'DId you speak ?-am I wrong? No. -Ok-in a heiat· of thi devil's own kindling-having 'takes the life of his one-time friend, 8pencer White hurst, came to me, his life-time friend, Hugh Gorham, for legal advice in the straits to which his own rashness and the blood-thirsty zeal of his victim's friende had reduced him. 'I, positively refusing to engage in this matter professionally, have yet allowed myself to become deeply in terested in the case, and now amour p-opro is.involved in carrying it to a successful issue. The judgment of his friends dictating a short incarce ration in a lunatic asylum, I per suaded Gregory Kendall to accom pany me on a visit to my mother's country residence, and there found no difficulty in getting an honest certificate of lunacy from the local physicians. Whereupon, in view of my life-long affection for this young man, I took it upon myself to convey him, in person, to the asylum decided upon. 'There are certain ever-recurring crises in human affairs, Gregory hitches, if one may so speak-caused by. the friction of opposing forces, through which human ingenuity (not even a lawyer's) is always adequate to pilot one safely. It is such emergen cies that that admirable agency, called special Providence, comes so happily into play. To put my friend into the asylum would be easy enough, armed with a proper certificate, but how long to leave him there, and what to do with him when I must take him out, were perplexing considerations. ' Special Providence kindly relieved me of my perplexities in this wise: 'On the same train that was bear-' ing Gregory Kendall and myself to the asylum was a man, having in charge a bona fide lunatic destined for the same asylum. What more natural than that the two keepers should fall into discourse touching their two charges ? His, I found to be a young foreigner, his fellow- clerk, who, coming to this country a year or two back, and fail ing to reap the golden harvest antici pated by every foreigner, had gradu ally fallen into a melancholy madness, the result of loneliness, home-sickness, and extreme poverty. His keeper, having no interest in him beyond the humane desire to see a friendless, moneyless stranger safely sheltered in the asylum, was thrown into a paroxysm of impatient despair at an accident to the train which threatened some hours'-detention. " It would be impossible," he said, " for him to get back to the city in time for a wedding at which he was to stand best man." I pitied the young fellow's disappointment. I was employed in the same business, bound for the same asylum. Why should I not take charge of both lunatics (both docile victims of melancholia), and allow him to return by the down-train, which would pass us in an hour at furthest? I proposed it to him. He seized my offer with transports of gratitude, and transferred all the necessary papers to my keeping as eagerly as if the down-train was actually in sight. We dropped him at the next station. I dropped Gregory Kendall at a watering station. Arrived at the asylum, I entered the foreigner with the papers niade out for Gregory Kendall. Perhaps my conscience was none too tender. I have got Gregory K•endall safely incarcerated. I want Gregory Kendall to leave here en route for South America this very night. One would naturally expect Gregory Kendall to be the last man to bring forward an objection.' * I only ask for one interview with my wife, and to hold my baby once more in my arms.' .o be ContItnued.) 