v &9&Y.; ?' ^HESEA;v RAIDERS. ' ' Tn^r^Go^riiluilJ.'i ' '/'' \- It would -seem tbat t ht appetites , of th* -shoalwera satisfied by^the -oatoh -of 1 Eleven people— for so far . as . oan be aaoertained there ware tea people In) the seaond boat, And certainly these creatures- gave , no further ?eigne of their presence off- Sidmoath that da v. The 'ooaafc between SeatoU aod Bad leigh Salterton was patrolled all that evening and night by four Preventive Service bpats, the men in which were, armed with harpoons ; and cutlasses, and as the evening adyano^l * number . of *more or less similarly j^ni^ped . expeditions, organised by private io&wduals; joineiLtbem. . J£r. Jfts'on took' no part in any of these expeditions. * About midnight excited hails were heard from a boat a couple of miles oat at sea to the south.- east . of Sldmouth, and a lantefcn was seen waving in a strange manner to and fee and up and down. The nearer boats at bhee hurried towards the alarm. The venture BOtae occupant* oi the boat, a seaman, a eurate, and two shoblboya, had aotually seen , the monsters passing under their boat. The ? creatures, it seems, like most deep-sea organisms, wero ptrosphoreBoeut, and they' had been floating, five fathoms deep or so, like creatures cf moonshine through the \- blackness of the ' water, their testacies retraoted and as if asleep, rolling over and over, and moving slowly in a wedge -like formation towards the south-east. These people told their story in petition-' lated fragments, as first one boat drew alongside and then another.,. At last there *as a little fleet of eight or nine boats ool * leoted together, and from them a tumult like: ? On sitoh occasions as this' tiiMe 'to t.ii8iiaDy some person of prompt and decisive will who' seises tha leadership!.. This person was' found on this oocasion in Mr. Edwin Blake, an actor from London, with a remarkably, fine voice, who happened to be aboard one of the larger boats. 'All lights oat,' he shouted suddenly amid, the din. ' Spread out and row south-east,' doing it with such au assuranoe of authority that bis order was promptly repeated between boat and boat, and aunost immediately obeyed. To most of those who partook in that night's adventuro he was indeed but a voioe, a will, and beyond that— nothing. Yet his arbit rary decision carried them all. . They rowed until about half- past one in the morning, aud there was already mor snurmg enough against this ftelf 'imposed commander, especially among ' Lhdse who were with him upon his own boat, when the chase was overtaken. A hailing began bit ween boat and boat, and the scattered boats began drawing together again. * Bow over them and get ahead/ cried the voice. The watchers in the bows saw the rolling little puff r» of phoiphoreeceo.ee driving along stead ii/ and slowly far below. So seen, they were anything but formidable.. And then came a splash in the water, and it was said a lead tinker had been' pitched at' the brutes. 4 Lights !' bawled the voice. ? Light up !' The watchers peering* down, shading the eyes from the lanterns^ saw that the onvratd movement of the shoal had cased! The , strange beasts were now gathering closer, and tbeir arms became apparent, each of the seekers which beset them shining, a bright spot in tho filmy irradiation. ' Beat tbe water,* cried the voice. Here and there S3o.eone obc-yed, but most remained staring. Aud forthwith, fardo.ro, shone the eyes, reflecting the lanterns, aud in another ten 'seconds the middle water a as alive with phosphorescence. * They're coining up/ cried a number of voices, some exultant, some aUimod. 4 Ship oars. Stand by with cut lasses and harpoous,* cried the voioe ; and the oars came rattling in and the crew of each boat crouchod ready, peering overboard, expectant for the tentaoles that were pre sently to come writhing out of the water. ' We'll give it em I' screamed an old man, intensely excited, carving the air with a cutlass. . Only the tentaoles did not come writhing oat of the water. Tho parnsQ lengthened. The beast killers eaw the things gping to and fro be neath the boats, saw waving arms and fluctuating gaps of darkness. There was a splashing as eager people cut and stabbed at them, though they were yards out of - reach. Then the people in the boats became aware of a rhythmically repeated gnawing sound, coming from the bottoms of the boats. Hen said 4 Hush !' and peered questioningly at one another in the darkness, then craned dangerously on the aides. 'What the devil were the things at now P The realisation came dowly. With it came the odea of oats thrown hastily into rowlocks and a splashing of water 1 They're fccnttling us 1' Blake was equal to the oc casion, or it is doubtful if anyone would have escaped alive that sight. 'Boats keep ueuewu vUicr, xio uawwu u uut .pniHi dential voice of his. 4 It's ? no good rowing away. Each boat clear its neighbour's bottom.' There was a pistol shot from one of the boats, and then with odes and tumult, and one heavy collision, the boats drew near nntil e?oh was half an oar's length . from its neighbour. The shot was repeated, and my informant saw bythe light ofthe pink flash the startled faces of the men in the boats staring down at the pallid ghosts of cattle fish in the dark water, and gripping oars and boat-hooks. Tha water splashed into my informant's fane, and he did not sea the j effects of the ?hot, bnt Mr. Charoh, the man ! who fired it, claims to have killed or wounded I eight of chose creatures that night. It is | oertain that one bullet at least, fired too ? obliquely, ricochet ted, splintered the mast of one of the coastguard boats, and narrowly missed a man. And then began the strangest straggle, at first chiefly with oars and boathooks, and afterwards with cutlasses and harpoons laahwl to the oar-bladett to fend these beasts from the bottom of the; beats. Under Ibe belly of the boats it wats impenetrably dark ; one could, see tbe . cuttlefish, rbut one could not see one's oar to aim a blow; the refraction cheated one, and, as often as not, the blades oat and slashed the boats they were defending. There was a cursing .$&d; gasping, as men leant uncomfortably over the aides, a shotting ,«f gratuitous advice, tbs blows of oar against oar, the occasional | report cf the .revolver, a cry of . exultation as the blade drove home into tbe iongh flesh.; AnA when the beasts were struck they would lose their hold, drop with sprawling, ten tacles, then rise again, £wtromin£:jt0wards some unprotected epaee of planking, They seemed to^ow brighter, to glow with, tbe excitcment of battle. Tb?y gripped at the oars, tried to log Ahem from the holders,' three they snapped, and two they captured ;; ' they allowed tuedutalves to be polled near the heaviugsurtace'e#, thewafeet, 'and then -*Uaas'ahdtUo^i-nhid'1a' titf&lishig; taste , oi use. Arms ' wefe ''aching,1 UfeL breathof ?' fnhiie Af Hir.w in 'the bokta c&me;«0bb%Di&V; and still the' struggle continued. ' But y, * slowly it aeemeeTfhat the' m-sr wore win- : r y . iiing. TwS at least'of the -eooaoy had g-me 4iown Into tiio blackness of the deep *ater, loert, and with liiop ertetodfed' -arms,'1 and it* HftrrjriT had 'not^'istuzned. -^1Ahd*a tetJLarfe Aaihed ofcW bfea the; Siiaff Ubita'ia V t«$W''wa»-2»«!l '*11**, ?£&4EBS&RSS3k; Thtn All boiitaa liKht,' intuuSfisd; ' ^a»f ««w»8whigtte: ' gha»By»ad oMiarclled. JU* fry joe lt ihdied must^tiatflgtife have «?enifd To' the' mailers oh board^n h^r,':'^ distant mnrmar offices ahddim lanterns rooking- close to th*)' water, tiud then, in the light, a drifting little clu4l& dfbOati-«{S-bn the broad'stilh^ss^ of - the starlit ' 'Srhnmer1 sea, witih ev^ytnanJ aboard striking, as U Cor' dear life', over the. side. But' tho light from the 'gtonboat was so bright and dazzling that When tho men in1 the boats turned to the wat^--a^un;r- they saw it black; with spots of colour showing against its blackness. And suddenly' there was a cry of despair. * Wo're winking !' It came Scorn tho little boat ' whioh had ilrat discovered the shoal that .night. . , , '* They1 had/ found the Water bubbling Into them. . A dozen seconds 'oon Vinded them ^of the fopi-68ibity 'jrf b&alinff;, and they has'xi&d; io board the Wge boat udngslde. . ' Ahd {hen came the tragedy of tbe ni^ht. One of tbe lads pissed his leap, and wont Ho wnhet ween the boats as they came togetliBrl: ' He must have gone down a stone. Then was visible, to suoh fts the eleotrio m ^ not blinded, a, faint, writhing lunonoaty far downih the water, la writhing Luminosity , that darkened^ dwindledli ana vanished into the. depths. ' 1 And then, one by qnfij trbm Qua ' boat ancls that, Single etellate jghastly shapes whined down after that pcufarsl strug^e, and . left the water clear and' dark. The boat drifted re luotantly downward, tamed and 'row again with its keel out of ^vater. No one in the boats was ianxious.to renew ^he fight. For a long time, the boa&^overed uneaoly, anticipating a return of the enemy, and^ they;., came baok. to Sidmoo^h, rowing dowly ead painfully, in a l^oose, straggling line after the sun had risen.' \- i lv- , And now' to tell what is' perhaps the znost astonishing'fa£t fni this whene astonish vo not th? slightest know- j Ie%e* ot-'the siJasequent movements of the shoal; although the whoU- Booth- west coast was now alert for it. Bat it may, perhaps, be significant that ' a cachalot was stranded off* Bark on June 3. Two weeks and three days after this Sidmoath affair, a living haplotenthis came abhore en Calais sands. It was alive, because Beveral witnesses saw its tentacles inovins? in a oonvulsive way. Bat it is probable that it waa dying. A gentleman naizned Fouohet obtained a rifle and shot it. '? That waa the last appearance of a living haplotenthis. No others wero seen on the French coast. On the 15th of June a dead body, almost complete, was washed ashore near Torquay, and a few days later a boat from the Marine Bioglogical station, png aged in dredging off Plymouth picked up a' rotting specimen, slaehed deeply with a catlaas wound. How the former speimen had come by its death it is impossible to say. And on , the last day of June Mr. Egbert Coins, an artist, bathing near Newlyn, threw up his arms, shrieked, and was drawu under. A friend bathing, with him made no attempt tb save him, but ewam at once for the . shore. This is the last; faot to' tell of this extra ordinary raid from the deeper sea. Whether it is really the last of these horrible oroatures it ia, as yet, premature to eay. But it is believed, mid certainly it is to be hoped, that they have returned now, aud returned for good, to the sunless depths of the middle ? seas, out of which they ,nave so strangely and so mysteriously arisen. Bat it will be long before people learn again to regard the sea with tuo easy, con.* fidence of former diys.— (a. H. Wells. 