COUCH DROPS. TBt The Lozekob.] Why do the Muckwry reports of Par liament bristle with such interpolations as ' cheers ' and 'applause' and 'murmur ings' P Did over anyone hear cheers in the House P I never did, and it's an as tonishing thing to read how the tone of the report is distorted when there is any important debate on the board. T always considered that a respectable journal confined its literary prostitution to its leading columns, and let its news reports skip as the circumstances transpired, but I find it otherwise I am sorry to say. Nor is it always confined to Par liament, by no means, for one need only attend the theatres and ftee there what an advertisement will buy. Ah, well, I suppose it is just like handing in a pre scription to be made up, it is ordered and paid tor. Now here's a par about the fruit industry, and what it is in tended to convey heaves only knows ,? but if the figures are correct no wonder the oroliardists run a show between the devil and the deep Bea i ' The value of the fruit seat away toi the last year was about £27,000 in Hobart, and the freight was £30,000. On that amount tbe brokers had advanced the sum of £52,000.' For it is rather out of tbe way to expect a poor devil to pay .£8000 more for car riage than the actual value of the goods, yet still a broker who will advance £52,000 on articles worth £27,000 is a most obliging person indeed, so he ia. The case of the wretched man Topham, who is doing time in tbe Hobart gaol for larceny, is one of peculiarly melan choly surroundings. It would seem that under no circumstances can this un happy person be induced to consider the injunctions contained in the Acts relating to the law of property, and thus inability to keep his hands from picking and stealing has been his ruin. On a former occasion when Mb house was searched, he was then an employee of the Railway Department, the collection of things which turned up would have furnished a, goodly sized curiosity mart, and were evidently the collection of years, The kleptomaniac theory might perhaps be applied in this case but that the cir cumstances completely bar its adapta tion. His unfortunate wife grieved be yond endurance at her husband's wilful ways, took the matter so seriously that she died of a broken heart, leaving a family of young children to be taken under the wing of the Slate to be cared for, # ? ? Some people can get work easy enough, and good graft too. And what's more, they don't ride the goat for it either, which is a curious thing here in Hobart when kept up severely. But it isn't bad to have a friend at court as the saying goes, I can tell you. A perfect Johnny of ours who was tired of looking at the men fishing off the wharf took it into his bead that a Government billet wouldn't come amiss, and accordingly mustered up enough energy to call upon the Minister and ask him for a job. He was given a letter to the bead of the de partment directing that Johnny should be found a berth. The letter was duly delivered, but the aforesaid head of the department hadn't any room, and more than that, he didn't like the look of the chumpkin — wouldn't have him, in fact, at any price. So ,he wrote a note to tbe Minister, which expressed his sincere regret at his inability to comply with that dignitary's request, concluding by stating that he had no vacancy. Which letter the Minister turned up at the corner, and writing thereon tbe words ' Make a vacancy then,' gave it to Johnny to deliver. Then he found a peg for bis hat in the office, and Bits there all day waiting for screw time with a patience worthy of a better cause. It's just as well to have a pal As has a bit to eay ; Knows a trifling thing or two, And won't be put away. One needn't wait for weary years To cop a job be's sought, Ton ouly need to tip the wink If you've got a friend at court. * * * Frenchmen are always full of strange notions, and like a man on wires, your Parisian is never still when there is any thing new flying round. There was the suicide club, where members each threw lots annually as to who should shuffle, then there was that newspaper — I for get the name of it — which contained nothing else save accounts of the most gruesome crimes and offences a la Edgar Allen Poo, aud was printed in rod ink on black paper. Now they have got a res taurant which is very largely patronised, called the ' Cafe of the Dead,' which is appropriately furnished, coffin tables and benches, skull lamps and cups, skeleton fingers holding ghostly candles, shrouds and wax corpses everywhere. A nice pleasant place to take supper in, and it is one much in favor. That is done for fun in Paris, and taken as a French man takes everything — as a joke. But in Eobart there is a refuse for the unfortunates where there is something of the kind apparent, only with a different motive in view — the pinouehions are shaped like tiny coffins, and the ordinary articles of every day use ready to hand contain some startling reminder of the great change. Puts one in mind of the Charnel House revelry of the Ghost of Alonzo the Brave in the Baron's Castle every quarter — got up to scare the landlord on rent days possibly: While they drink out of skulls newly torn from the grave, Daucing around them pale spectres are Been ; Their liquor if) blood, and this liorriblf ntnvis They bowl: 'To tho health of Alonzo the Brave, And hiB consort the false Iraogeno I' * * * Nor can I let you slide, Mr. Clipper, this week without drawing your atten tion (o the fact that the Hobart Night Owls have hold out repeated induce ments to those of Kosgy Gully to tacklo them at the game of crib, They've had a big bustle up North, and done a lot'of things, but why are the 'Ooutas for gotten P Oh, those Owls, tbose'giddy old Oirls, They live on the mutton bird Greasy aud fat, they know what they're at, They never do things absurd. They won't try tbe Night Owls mOBtly down Sontb, Who eubsist on the 'oouta gay ; A fishy old lot they'll find 'em too hot With two for his heels anyway. * * * Is itanv wonder in tho name of all that's slimy and wret-ohed that a Jive Robert who's up to snuff doesn't hurry himself 1 'Sow there's a color which the ladies have called an ' invisible blue,' and this hasbeen compared by some facetiously inclined persots suffering from indigestion with a policeman on duty, but I may tell you that I don't hold with such nasty insinuations. P^.'sei case in point. On Monday even inpvSecoffin-Uke gloom of Murray-street was broken by a perfectly dynamitical ex plosion (there is no other word to express it) of expletives and hoarse calls for help. The very welkin rang with cries of murder and robbery and incendiarism. ' Oh, I'm choked, I'm ruined, I'm destroyed. Oh, my apple! You've dislocated my apple 1' Whether he Buffered from paralysis of the epiglottis or contraction of the peri cardium or something wrong with the olfactory nerve or an equally horrid calamity, was not for the moment appa rent, but he raised a dust and no kid. When he had succeeded in attracting a crowd of about thirty thousand people (more or less, as we say when we ain t very certain) the natural inquiry was a? to the cause. It developed afterwards that he was neither ruined for life nor set on fire, but having had an altercation with a friend as to whose turn it was to pay for the next round of threepenny park, he had suffered his indignation at his friend's inability to part to gain the upper hand to that extent of things. And then everybody wondered where the police were P Where's the bobby f That's the query. In some rosy cookie's bower P Or tramping round a two mile weary Beat, in sunshine or in shower P Can he do a heavy buster Treading endless rounds of streets, Forced to listen to the pleas Of all complaining things he meets P Take it down and shove in writing Everything he comes across. Don't you think we ought to find him In a bike, or p'raps a horse f I see the girls are all preparing to re oeive the blue jackets next week. Boys are at a discount just now, and the fever ish consistency with which the fair little tootlets stick to the old time attractions of the braes buttons and the uniform would be laughable if it were not so seri ous. ' Our Jack's come home to-day, is whistled over every sewing machine, and the quantity of complexion things I have been selling of late would make your hair stand on end if you had any to get erect, Oar Jack's oome home from Sydney side, That's a place across the sea, Where they're sent away, so they say, For going on the spree By a red faoed joker in gold lace, Who has nothing else to do But go to balls and answer calls, And bully round the crew. Our Jack's come home to-day, To abide in Hobart gay, Where the girls are true to his jaoket blue. He's coming right away. The publicans about the wharves Look smilingly around, With replenished tills the brewery bills Will be settled safe and sound. Clean up tbe pewters, clear the flies And the spiders' webs oreay. We're roing to squeeze him nioe and dry When be comes borne to-day. He's coming home to-day, With whips of coin they say, So let's be fly and Bqueege him dry, When ho comes home to-day. At eve he'll tread the mazy dance With a Wapping charmer fair, And all those long shore lovers Are never in it there. For Jack, you know, has a fetching way, And he's got the rhino too ; A looney lase she'd be who'd quit While he'd a cent to blew. For Hobart gals are gay, And thrifty anyway, And the core alas who has so brass Will not get there to-day. He'll spin a yarn full six foot two Of the dangers of the sea, And turn his quid over tho things lie's did, For a merry old salt is ho. He'll tell of fights with pirates bold, And of wierd sea mermaids too ; When men at wrecks hand in their cheques As frequently they'll do. For our Jacke at home to-day, And since he's been away Wo never knew of things so blue Till be came back our way. He hitches of his trousers up, Which eome say is their use ; Bnt don't explain why on tho main They wear them things so loote. 'Iwixt dodging of the coppers, And pickets likewise, he Besembles much the man between^ The devil and thn sea. But sti!! lie's home to-day, And he's got a fortnight's pay ; We'll keep him dark from ev'ry shark, Till bo's busted anyway. And when lie gatn too much to booze, And breaks bis leave ashore, We'll slip him snugly out of sight, As we ve frequent done before. And when there'B two pound up for him Wo'il never crack a lay, But tip the kosher cove a wink, And give him straight away. We'll put him clear away, It's a little panio we play ; When he's spent his tin why he goes in, Aud wo make his carcase pay. And n-lieii tlie time ijas come around For Jack to lenve atfiiin, Full many n tour «nd a frothy boor Will waft him o'er the niuin. And many a maid will sadly woop For tho sailor darling's love ; And shoves her pledge hy ma's advice Upon some other cove. And tho cove he's got to pay Or he'd jugged right straight away : She s sweet fifteen, and that will mean Two years quite safe a,n.d gey, 