CAPTURED BY BRIGANDS. (BY EMILY SPENDER, IN THE " STRAND MAGAZINE.") PART II. Presently the door-which was guarded outside by the two brigands who had lc-d Henderson hither - opened again, and an old peasant woman, with wrinkled face and grey hair, covered by a yellow kerchief, entered, bearing a plain but sub stantial meal, half a cold fowl, a loaf, and a bottle of rin ordinaire, but- humiliating detail-the bread and meat were cut in small pieces, as if for a child ; no knife was allowed him. Henderson addressed the woman eagerly : " Buona donna, tell me where I am." But she only shook her head, saying, "I understand no English," a bad compliment to Henderson's efforts in Italian-and setting down her tray, she left the room, and the door was promptly locked and bolted on the outside. Footsteps went down the staircase, ihen all was profoundly still. His long march though the forest, his fright and anxiety, had thoroughly exhausted him, .and-he ate his homely meal with unusual relish. He found his door could be securely bolted from inside, and this, combined with the brigand's promise (murdering villain as' the man might be, Henderson somehow felt ?convinced he might trust his word), this made a certain sense of rest and comfort steal over the prisoner when his hunger and thirst were appeased. The whole adventure was so odd. Here was a' brigand living in a fairly comfortable house, able to allot his prisoner a bedroom, with clean bed, washstand, towels, even a looking-glas, just as if he kept an inn ! Why did they not take his purse ? But a dreadful presentiment made him shiver-if they thus scorned to rob him of mere trifles, it meant only that a ruinous ransom would be de manded in exchange for his liberty and life. And then he began to rage against the whole country-the Government which was power less to put down brigandage, the officials who were in league with the brigands, the English Consul who had deceived him by denying their existence. He tried to com fort himself by wild threats of what he would do when he was free again ; the Ambassador would be appealed to, an international matter made of it, and the Italian Treasury forced to pay him exemplary damages. Then, somewhat tardily, he began to think of Lucia. " Goocl heavens !" and he turned quite cold-" suppose these blackguards keep me here over the w edding day, and refuse to let me communicate with the Percivales ! What is to become of me ? Nobody will have the ghost of a notion where I am.'' Extreme fatigue and the death-like silence around him had their cffect upon him, how ever, and he slept soundly till after sunrise. Then he sprang up, and, full of curiosity as to his whereabouts, he went to the barred window. He looked down some thirty feet upon a strip of grass, then came a dense wood of pine trees, amidst which lie could hear a river murmuring far down below. A low range of grassy hills, now golden with flowering broom, rose steeply beyond tlio pine wood, shutting out all distant view. There was not a sign of human presence, not a clue to tell him where he was. Only, as these hills were now bathed in morning sun shine, lie knew that his window looked to wards the west. Ana, to his amazement, three days passed away in this room, without his seeing a liv ing creature, except the old woman who brought his meals and made his bed. "Tell your master I wish to speak to him," said Henderson, impatiently. "Wliy does he leave me here like this?" But the old woman only shook her head as before. The; weariness , of those three days was indescribable. He had nothing to do but smoke and read over again one or two Tauch nitz novels which lie happened to have ill his portmanteau. He tried shouting and bang ing.at. the door of his rooni. but without the slightest result, except that. . tiie armed brigands who always guarded the entrance' when .the old. woman brought him food roughly told him to be quiet, or lie would repent, it. All the lime he was maddened by the thought that the week was speeding 011, ' that nothing was being done for his lvltiUV,' and that the twenty-sixth, the day fixed for his wedding, was near at hand. About five o'clock on the fourth evening of his imprisonment he at last heard footsteps approaching, which he rightly guessed to be those of the chief. He entered, with a great rattling of keys and bolts, and behind him came two of his followers, armed with revol vers, but also with more peaceful weapons an inkbottle and a writing-case. Hender son's heart beat fast; some crisis in his fate was evidently approaching. In his excited state, the chief looked to him more command ing and ferocious than ever. The brigand lJowed in a stately manner and began : ; "'As I do not wish your friends to be ? anxious about you, and their seeking might inconvenience me, I have to request you signor, to write a short letter to the Signora Percivale. You see, I know all about you. We have plenty of friends and allies in the city of Florence." 1 "Certainly I will write to her," replied Henderson, with alacrity ; " It is just what I:have been wishing to do. " . ''But understand me, signor-you will have the goodness to write the letter from my dictation-that is, I shall dictate it in Italian, and you will write to Signora Perci vale in English, as is your custom. Only re member this : I can read and understand English, although I do not speak it-to you ; so you will not add anything of your own composition. Do you understand me V Henderson thought he did, only too clearly, and his face fell. The iuk-bottle, pen, and a sheet of paper were then, in obedience to a sign, placed upon the table by the brigands, and the chief and his prisoner seated themselves. . " Now begin," said the former, and he dictated the following words : "Dear'Mrs. Percivale,--I much regret to tell you that circumstances have occurred which will prevent my being able to fulfil my engagement to marry your daughter, Miss Lucia Percivale, on the 26th instant. This, my intention to relinquish the honor of her hand, is irrevocable. So I beg you' to' forget that such a person has ever existed as " Your obedient servant, "JAMES HENDERSON." ifc was too much. His terror lost in fury, Henderson threw down the pen arid sprang to his feet, choking with curses. "You scoundrel, do you think you are going to treat an Englishman like this ? I defy you-you and all your cut-throats-I defy you to make me write' a blackguardly letter like that! " " You will change your mind to-morrow," returned the chief, coolly. "Here," he said, turning to his men, "blindfold him, and take him down to the dungeon." Accordingly the two men again laid hold of the wretched Henderson, who kicked and fought, and all but bit, but was quieted down by a further application of the revolver to his forehead. Downstairs he was dragged, without another word being spoken, down flight after flight, the last steps being of slippery stone ; he felt a damp, chilly atmos phere surround him, and when the bandage was removed from his eyes, he found him self in total darkness. A heavy door was slammed upon him, a grating key was turned in the lock, and he was left alone with his helpless rage and mortification. All sorts of .terrors pursued him in this awful gloom-rats were the least of them the thought that he might be forgotton, might be left to die of starvation, tortured him. He raved, he swore, he was all but delirious. As night fell, a faint ray of moonlight shone through a narrow slit of a window high above his head, dimly revealing a square room, with df.mp fungus- stained walls, and floor earth ; in one corner an empty packing-Case littered .Tith straw, in another, some empty bottles. . The dungeon looked uncommonly like a wine cellar without the wine, and the gruesome idea occurred to him that perhaps the brigands had broken into this lonely house and murdered its: proprietoi-, and had now comfortably established themselves here, instead of in one of those dens and caves in the mountains which according to all conven tional notions was their fitting habitation. The intolerable hours dragged on; Hender son seated himself on the packing- case and sat shivering and bemoaning himself. He thought once or twice of Lucia, and came to a hearty conviction he had been a fool to refuse to write that letter to her mother. He could make it up with her when he was set at liberty again ; and in any case, no woman in the world was worth all this misery ; he would write anything- anything to get out of this den of horrors, and to put iijto a good iiumor i':it ciinguoLii«B, 4~u, cilious captain of the brigands. Morning dawned at last, faint daylight glimmered through the window, then a ray of sunshine-but still no one came near the prisoner. At last,' when Henderson was entirely broken-spirited by cold and hunger, he heard the joyful sound of his door being unlocked. The usual guard of two armed men appeared. " The Signor, our Captain, wishes to know -whether you are ready to write the letter as he commanded you ? " "Anything you like/' replied the prisoner, with the recklessness born of despair. "You have me in 3*0ur power-I am not respon sible." ? So Henderson was once more blind-folded and hurried upstairs. When he was allowed the use of his eyes again, he found himself in his former prison.; but, after.his night of horror, it appeared to him, now, quite .a cheerful and luxurious apartment. The chief soon made his appearance, and wished his prisoner good^ay, with what the latter thought a diabolically sarcastic smile. ? With out further demiir, Henderson wrote the letter precisely as pie chief dictated to him, addressing it to.tlje Signora Percivale.at her house in Florence, whither she and Lucia had by this time returned. . !.J( jt will be posted in .Florence," said the chief, grimly, "and the Signora and the rest of your .friends,. who have doubtless been wondering what has become of you, will now have'no further wish for your society, and will, take no trouble to seek your where abouts. . Thu? J shall be spared the necessity of ptitting yduOto death "and hiding your body." Henderson started at this, and then groaned to himself in English: "A pretty figure I shall cut in' the eyes of Florence society!" '1 There is now the matter of your ransom to be considered," went on the chief as he put the letter in his pocket. " You have doubt less your cheque-book in that portmanteau there ?" "I don't know," muttered Henderson, sulkily. "Look and see!" in a tone which the prisoner did not venture to disobey. "Now write a cheque for five thousand pounds sterling, payable to Giuseppe Amalfi." " I'll be shot if I do ! "Oh, 110, you will not be shot-just yet. You will have to spend a few weeks in the dungeon first, on bread and water, and not too much of that, and afterwards, if you still prove obstinate, well-I daresay you have heard how it is our custom to cut off a pri soner's ear or so, and send it to his friends, with a demand for a ransom. Now, then, which shall it be ? " Henderson tried to keep his teeth from chattering. "I-I have not-not got five thousand pbunds in the world." "Have you not?" returned the chief, scoffingly. "Well, I daresay you can borrow it-to save your ears." Thereupon, the prisoner wrote the cheque, with a shaking hand. The chief took it anel said : "I will now bid you farewell, signor. In a few days' time you will be set' at liberty. You will not see me again, but I shall hear of you, and know all about you, wherever you are. Beware," and his tone became one of awful menace, "beware of the tre mendous vengeance which will fall upon you if you, at any future time, make any attempt to discover the- brigand chief, Giuseppe Amalfi." Haughtily bowing, the chief left the room. But as soon as he was outside the door, his face totally changed. He slapped the pocket gleefully in which he had placed the letter, then, struggling with inward laughter, he took a matchbox from another pocket, struck a match, set light to the cheque for . five thousand pounds, and consumed it to ashes. Three dnys later Henderson's room was in vaded about midnight by a gang of some half dozen brigands, who led hire downstairs and out of the house, and then, after miles of ' wandering up and down forest paths, sud denly released him. Tearing the bandage from his eyes, he found himself in a lonely spot on the high ror.d between Yallombrosa and Florence, not far from the place where he had been made prisoner. His port manteau was placed by his side. There was nothing for him to do but to shoulder it and to walk down to the nearest station on the railway to Florence, there to >vaifc till day-' light and the first train. He was half inclined to believe that his capture and detention were all a dream. And he found later that all his friends were quite sure of it. His piteous story was received everywhere with - shouts of incredulous laughter, and so mercilessly was he chaffed, and such dreadful rumors reached him of tho wrath of the Signora. at tho jilting of her daughter, that he fled from Florence without attempting to see the Percivalcs again ; his only consolation being that he had saved both his ears and his money ; for, unaccountably as it seeme:l to him, that cheque for five thousand pounds was never presented at any bank. i , And so Italy and its brigands know Sir. Henderson no more. " Brigands ! " cried the irate Signora ; "as if there were any brigands in Tuscany ? If this were Sardinia or Sicily, one might believe in it. But no, no it is all an excuse, a lie-Lucia, carissima mia, my poor, de ceived, deserted Lucia, do not weep for him, the heartless villain. It is a lucky escape for you.; one ought to be thankful if there were any brigands to carry him away.'' : Lucia, so far from weeping, had a glad step and beaming eyes, and a heart uplifted with thankfulness that a merciful Heaven had de livered her, even at the eleventh hour, from a fate worse than death, and she quite agreed with her mother in invoking blessings on the brigands - if there were any such useful people. . As for Lucia's brother Harry, he was not. only in high spirits, but for days he was sub-, ject to sudden fits of uncontrollable laught-er. Upon being remonstrated with by his step mother for his untimely mirth, ho answered, with a fresh giggle : '. I can only utter your words, Signora ; a lucky escape-two lucky escapes ! Henderson has escaped from the brigands and Lucia Jjas escaped from Hender sin. We shall never hear .of.^Henderson any more, or of the famous brigand, Giuseppe Amalfi, with his £5,000 cheque." ' Don't' scold me, Signora. I must laugh !" . A year afterwards, Lucia, a bride, was driving with her husband, Maurice O'Connor, along the forest road to his villa. It was a massive-looking, antique- stone house, covered with clematis- and wistaria, hidden away in a nook of the Tuscan hills, with a garden full of roses, and pina woods all round it, and a river murmuring, and black birds singing in the vallej* below. ! " Oh, what a lovely place," cried Lucia ; "as completely out of the world as a her mitage. How happy we shall be here to gether, with no one to intrude upon us ?" ! " Yes, its solitude stood me id good stead, ohce upon a time," said Maurice O'Connor. " But the house is not so lonely as it looks. For the peasants'who work on my farm and in my woods have their cottages not far away ; and they are all my very good friends. I have managed somehow to gain their hearts, perhaps just , by showing them spme of the sympathy and courtesy . which Italians so much appreciate. Anyhow, I think they would follow me through fire and water. And never shall I forget how their faithfulness helped me, indirectly, to win you, Lucia. Only, as some of their good service consisted in a great flourishing of pistols, and as Italians are apt to be-- quick- tempered,' I took good care beforehand that those pistols should not be loaded, for fear of accidents.' Some day I will tell you the whole story, my dear little wife!" 