THE LITTLE AUNTIE. BY MISS BRADDON. CHAPTER II.— (Continued.) Palatine-square, as everybody knows, is one of the choicest positions in West End London. It is an old-world square, iu which there are scarce ly two houses exactly alike. Some have been rphiiiu on,! nrp Dalaces. Italian. German, or Early English, with roofs that aspire skywards, minarets and watch towers, campaniles and clus tered chimneys, flying balconies and oriel win dows, all that is fantastical and expensive In architecture. Other houses there remain just as they were under the flrst and second Georges, wheu Palatine-square was young — houses so plain and homelike that one might fancy oneself In a country manor house. Again, there are a few much smaller houses — cosy little houses squeezed in between two colossal neighbors, houses with a balcony here and a verandah there, and a delicate patrician grace in their modest stairways and low-ceilcd rooms opening one 'into the other. Mr. Lerwick's house was one of the largest In the Square as to reception rooms, and one of the worst as to bedrooms. It was an old house, and though It had been gorgeously decorated and furnished at Mr. Lerwick's expense, there had been no thought of lifting the roof and letting light, space, and air into those terrible third- floor rooms. Fascinated with the lofty double drawingroom, the six tall windows, the Italian chimney-pieces. Mrs. Lerwick had gone up to the top floor pre disposed to be delighted with everything she found there. ' "Oh, Tony!" she exclaimed, as she and her husband went upstairs, "what a house for par ties. We must have it." "But they are asking thirty thousand for a short lease." "Is it much?" "And the ground rent is a hundred and fif teen." "That sounds very little. Those drawing- rooms. Tonv! You must let me furnish those. You shall have your own way In all the rest of the house." "But, Nell, I haven't made up my mind to buy it." "But you will make up your mind, I know, dear, when you've had another look at those drawlngrooms," and slim pearl-grey fingers twined themselves round Tony Lerwick's large doc-skin thumb. They had newly returned from a winter yacht ing In the Mediterranean, and had been house hunting for a week before an obsequious agent brought them to Palatine- square to view — that was the agent's expression — Lord Somebody's house, only vacated at Christmas. Mrs. Lerwick tripped lightly through the up per rooms, holding her silken skirt oIT the dirty floors, and looking about wth a smiling casual air. counting the rooms as she passed through, and not happening to remark that there was hardly a foot between the ceiling and top of her husband's head. "Eustace's bedroom," she said, pointing to a little room at the back. "Such a dear, tiny room. I'll have it furnished so prettily for him. The day and night nurseries — lovely pa nelled walls and sweet old basket grates — and a double-bedded room for nurse end Miss Perry." "I thought a governess expected a room to herself." "Not Miss Perry, She is only a nursery go verness. One can't put up with airs from a person of that kind." "No. But she mayn't be able to put up with no air," says Tony, drily, "and I'll be hanged If she'll get much in such a dog-kennel as this, if you put two beds in It." "Dog-kennel, Tony! With that lovely Adam mantelpiece!" "Adam won't keep her cool in the dog days," muttered Tony. But he was not strong enough either in argument or will to oppose his pretty wife; so the lease of the fine house In Palatine- square was bought, and the last modish uphol sterer — who called himself an artist — was let loose In the drawlngrooms, and Louis Seize anil a chilly severity of line being the rage that year the result was even more adapted to the tropics than to the average English seasons. Slim straight legs of chairs and tables reflected them selves in a polished floor as on the surface of deep water; the pale azure curtains fell In straight lines from the six tall windows. The rooms had a cold grandeur and bleak spacious ness that frightened Fluff out of his baby wits If lie happened in his quest of "mummy" to run In and find only emptiness. He would make off as fast as his little legs would carry him, leav ing the tall half-door to swing slowly and silent ly on to its superior rising-butt hinges, as if some ghostly hand had closed it. Sooth to say, though no grisly legend attached itself to that house In Palatine-square, there was a feeling of ghosts in some of the rooms and corridors which moved children, and even grown-up servants, with sensations of vague fear The shadows hung so darkly in those low-ceiled passages above. There were such strange closets —closets within closets, doors within doors, to say notning of a ghostly back staircase, which had been shut off at the bottom or the second flight years and years ago, and now only har bored mice and mustiness. Even Mrs. Lerwick, proud as she was of her drawlngrooms when her friends were grouped about at stately distances after a dinner party, or at one of her concerts, when there was barely standing room— even she confessed that the rooms made her melancholy when there were no pec pie. It may have been partly on this account that Mrs. Lorv/lck was seldom at home of an evening without people. A London house, with a London mother, means a dull life for small boys, even if their shelties take them for an early gallop In the Row every fine morning, where they bucket along, mucb to the discomfiture of some or the elderly gentle men In the Liver Brigade, who, Jogging quietly on their over-fed cobs, are apt to envy Herod his despotic power, or to regret the neglect or Mal- tlius. "Pipe them kids!" cries a gutter snipe, with bitter emphasis, as the two boys, dressed alike In neat little jackets and breeches, and drab gai ters, and billycock hats, trot along Prince Frede rick-street on their way to the Park. But after a week ot such morning rides the pampered Pala tine-square children sicken at the monotonous exercise, and Paul Informs his friend Tandy, the groom, that all riding, except to hounds, is Tommy rot. Tho fact thnt the morning ride is Insisted on as a matter of hygiene naturally takes all the flavor of pleasantness out of It. In Dor setshire they are keen enough, for even when there are no hounds afoot the furze bushes on those breezy commons, tho ditches that divide the fields, afford ample scope for "lepplng," to say nothing of a certain rural course, where they can run their ponies while the dew is on the summer grass, and tho keen morning air in their shelties' nostrils quickens the pace and stimu lates to skittlsliness. In London Paul complains there Is nothing to do. Even the theatres to which their Mother takes them from time to time offer but feeble joys — Tommy rot — In the shape of serious plays and sentimental comedy, being the dramatic staple at the fashionable houses, and burlesque the rare exception — save in the unpalateable shape of comic opera, where the fun is swamped by tho music. If Father would take them to the music-halls there might be something to livo for; but Father has pledged himself not to take them, by a solemn promise to Mother, whose lamentable Ignorance is allied to ridiculous prejudices, and who believes every music-hall to he a sink of Iniquity, where wicked songs are sung to wicked people. "I hate the London season," exclaims Paul, with his shoulders sudIc Into the padded angle of a large armchair, and his navy blue legs swing ing In space. "It's simply beastly!" "You might have better reason for saying that If you lived In the slum at the back of the mews," his governess answers gravely. "No I shouldn't, for I should have something to amuse me," says Paul, with a tremendous em phasis upou the pun, of which Miss Warren takes not the faintest notice. "I could keep babbits— I could go Into the stables whenever 1 liked." "How would you like sleeping eight in a room?" "Can't Bay, for I never tried it." Miss Warren sighs, but her rule with, boys of Paul's stamp is to ignore impertinence. He has never been able to sting her to retort or argu ment. If Minerva herself had condescended to be his mentor that divine lady could not have held herself more aloof from the little world of his small mind. He never has had tho satisfaction of knowing what she thinks of him. Miss War ren is nearer forty than thirty. She is grave and pale, a neat thin figure always appropriately dressed. No salient point in her physiognomy or her attire lends itself to juvenile laughter. She wears no foolish feathered hat, carries no preposterous parasol or gampish umbrella. Her garments arc neither old-fashioned nor now-fash- loncd, but of a severe simplicity that bears the stamp of a tailor who knows how tho world is moving. Paul did not love bis governess, but he could not help respecting her, and he could not help learning of her; and, worse, as he thought, could not help being Interested in his work with her, for she made him think as well as learn, and his young mind grew under her teaching. She had read a good deal, for a woman, and when compared with the elegant Mrs. Lerwick, who had forgotten aJl she had ever learnt In the schoolroom, Miss Warren teemed an inexhausti ble reservoir ot knowledge. But then Miss Warren labored under the dis advantage of being what Paul's particular friend Tandy, tho groom, called a plain-headed one. "I see your new governess this morning, Master Paul," said Tandy, "and she is a plain-headca one!" And Miss Warren labored under the dis advantage of not liking dogs — in the house. "If she don't like 'em In the house. Master Paul, you bet she don't like 'em nowheres. I knows the kind of people as likes a dog In his place — and that dog's place, in them people's es timation, is at the bottom ot the river." Miss Warren, not liking dogs, was at once put down as a person of evil Instincts and concealed vices — such as cruelty and treachery; and it was a disconcerting thing to discover that Mother's Spitz Insisted upon adoring Miss Warren, and that Fluff's fox terrier, Pincher, had never been knc-wn to growl at her. "Spitz never had much Intellect." said Paul. "His brains have all run to lialr — but I didn't know that Pincher was little better than a fool." Nobody In Palatine Square knew that in her small way Miss Warren was a philanthropist, and that much of her afternoon leisure was spent in the slums of West End, London— the poor ho vels that lie hidden behind the stately streets of the Palatine Hill, and for which the strong hand of improvement waits, armed with a pick axe, to lay them all low when the leases run out. And when that day of annihilation comes, the little laundress, the cobbler, the servants dressmaker, the jobbing tailor, the charwoman, and the professional beggar will have to carry their rags and their sticks, their measles and scarlet fever, tar away from the Palatine neigh borhood, and the only shadow across the sun shine of its splendor will vanish Into unknown space. (To be continued.) 