LIFE AT KLONDYKE. PREPARING FOR THE SPRING RUSH. An Ottawa correspondent, writing to the Daily News, says :—Mr. F. White, Comp troller of the North-west Mounted Police, wishes once more to caution persons physically and mentally unfit for Arctic rigors, the roughest exposure, heaviest outdoor toil, and constant hardships, against coming out to the Yukon country. There are, he says at the present time some 7,000 or 8,000 persons in the gold region, of whom probably 4,000 have no shelter beyond tents. As to the condition of these men, Mr. White says :—Living in tents is all rigut tor picmcmg m the picturesque, un settled sections around Ottawa or on the lawns and meadows of Britain, too. Bur let the reader of these words ask himself if he knows what 100 degrees in the sun means. When the hot season is over the ice quickly forms. Fancy trying to sleep ■when it is 70 below zero in a thin canvas tent! Of course, a man may be able to keep a wood stove going even m a can vat tent in the Yukon, if he stays up half the time to feed it, and he can get himself into eider-down bags, and keep on his furs from crown to sole like a bear. It might be possible to a few to live like this in health, but. how many ? There is no water; the streams freeze solid to bed rock and you can sink pits right into the stream and under it and up and down and across, and any whereyoulike, by building fires and thawing the ice and frozen gravel till you come to the rock bottom, where, if anywhere, you are going to find the coarse gold. To thaw the ice and gravel and sink pits you must have timber to build fires, and plenty of it, and timber is only to be had by going for it, felling it, and carry ing it to your creek, wherever it is. If your pit- sinking results in remunerative finds, then you dump all the pay dirt you thaw out in a heap above flood-mark, and when the spring comes, and the ice melts and the creeks and rivers fill with water again, you make your sluices and take your pan and wash your dirt arid clean out whatever gold there may chance to be. Continuing, the writer says :—We hare a few parties forming here to go out in the spring, but they consist entirely of hardy inen, who have had more or less rough experi ence in the woods and on the rivers, whose muscles are hardened to the use of the axe, who don't mind standing all day to the waist in ice- cold water when necessary, for whom a run through seething, raging rapids on a raft or in a canoe has no terrors. These are men who can sling a hundred or a hundred and fifty pounds on to their backs, and with it strap ped to head and shoulders, scale rocks and follow dizzy trails through mountain passes, ana tora slippery streams, and drag themselves through swamps for days and weeks without failing. They are more or less used to it. They know what they have to face when they take a contract to go into the Yukon country and prospect till they find paying gold. We have heard of claims put forward by companies to special information that would make people here smile if it were not for the and certainty that the victims can only loss every shilling they put into such concerns. Our Government surveyors, our trader.-., our proftpficterH, our Indians, our mounted police, linvo come and /zone over every practicable route to all the localities now so much adver tAMxl ro often that every detail on the .'subject fa perfectly familiar. There are no secrets in tlie pOMCflf if/fl <■'/ any individuals or companies that are not for open sale to all, except such nl'wrer] fabulous finds as prospector.--;uu trying ui dispose of to credulous investors and agents of company 'promoters who are on the look out for e:isy plunder. Every newspaper reader knows how easy it is to victimise people bitten with the gold craze. Even in Calgary only a few weeks ago, you will remember a local banker paid some thousands of dollars to " prospectors " just returning, so they said, from the goldfields, and stranded from want of ready money, for a big gold brick claimed to be worth twice as much as they asked. After testing the stuff and finding it, as he thought, solid gold, he handed over the pur chase money, and the miners left. On finally testing the brick, it was found to be thickly gold-plated, and filled with amalgam. He re signed his position in the bank. We have had some alleged discoveries in the Peace River country, which may cause a rush to that region if they prove authentic, but there is such a disposition to magnify every trifling discovery, and there are so many schemes on foot to boom districts, and to sell comparatively worthless claims and locations, nobody here is disposed to place much credence in anything not thoroughly authen ticated. Among the parties leaving here in the spring will be one, and possibly two, who will go out to join former comrades and will consequently be in the swim for whatever is open to outsiders, but the great majority of people who are going into the gold fields have a hard and weary task before them if their object is to prospect for gold. Personal Traits of j\Ik. Gladstone.— When in the House of Commons the great orator paused to consider a difficult point lie was wont to scratch the top of his head with the wrist of his left hand. When determined to drive an argument home to his listeners he used to emphasise it by bringing down his ringed hand upon the box with a tremendous bang, of which energetic action evidence re mains in the shape of many te'l-tolc dents in the boxes. I have examined these evidences (says Harry Furniss, in the Centum/ Maga zine), and it was interesting to find that the energy of the orator was much greater when he was out of office than when he was in power, the box upon the Opposition side being much more severely marked than its fellow in front of the Government bench, notwithstanding the terrific thumping to which that receptacle was subjected during the memorable oration of Thursday, Sth April, 188G. About Ghost Ships. —To the Dutchman we have to look for the original of phantom ship tales, which form about the most familiar of sea legends. The famous phantom ship that remains off the Cape as the harbinger of wreck and woe is a Dutchman, whose skipper dresses in yellow, wears a nightcap, smokes a short pipe, and is always kind enough to heave in sight when a vessel is going to founder or run ashore. There is, however, another spectre that haunts these waters. Years and years ago a ship was homeward bound from the Indies with a cargo of specie and spices, but in consequence of fever breaking out, at 110 port of call was she allowed even to enter quarantine. So she cruised about until the crew all murdered each other, and now she is doomed to cruise about for ever manned by the ghosts of the defunct mariners. Then here is the story of Baron Falkenberg. One Hay lie was inviteu to tlie wedding least of a lcng-lost brotherwho returned home suddenly with a pocketful of coin in order to marry a gentle village maiden upon whom Falkenberg himself had his eye. It was annoying, but still, the Baron thought it better to be amiable to his brother, so he went to the feast, then rowed off to the ship, from which he has not landed for six hundred years. On wild winter nights the phantom ship is constantly seen in the German Ocean, heading for the north, but without helm or helmsman. She is painted grey, has colored ' sails, and flies a yellow flag. Upon her deck the passimg mariner can plainly see the Baron sitting alone, playing dice for his soul, while about the masthead a blue flame can be seen flickering. 