THE pi! AND « Book III.— The Woman. (THE STORY AS TOLD BY MRS. OARRUTH.V CHAPTER XXVI.— (Gontinued.) 'I doii't kiiow what it matters to you or how it concerns a servant's character; but I am the wif e of ?the-Mr. Thomas Tenuant who Is being wrongfully accused of murder, but who is wholly innocent of any crime.' Then, with what was very like a hysterical out burst, she added, 'He is the dearest and the best husband m the world.' 'Dear me!' I rose from my seat. I went to the door. 'I had no notion that you were in any way connected with that dread ful creature, or I certainly should not have troubled you. To think that you can be the wife of such a man! Of course it is alto gether out of the question that I could know-, iugly engage a servant who had lived in such a. house as this!' Without waiting for her to summon a ser vant to escort me to the door, I showed my self out into the street. I had given her one. But now that I had done it I was not by any means proud of the gift I had bestowed. Indeed, when, 1 got in dooi-s I could have bit and slapped and scratched and pinched myself — and worse. Women are cats. There is no doubt of it. Especially to each other! I know it, to iny ? sorrow, of my own experience. If there was one thing on which. I had always prided my self, it was that— at any. rate, in that respect, I was not like other women. Whatever else I was, I was not a cat. And now I had been the cat of all the eats. And all because of that stupid paragraph in that stupid paper. When I thought q£ that pale-faced woman, with her sweet, true mouth, and brown eyes, and of all the trouble she had to bear, and of how I had gone out of my way to add to the bitterness of it all, and to rub it in. I could have bauged my head against the wall. But there! the thing was done. And when a thing is done— especially a thing like that— It is not the least use being sorry. One may as well pretend that one is glad. And, after all, the engagement was announced. And why did they announce it, if they did not want to drive me into a -rage? Poor Tommy! He bade fair to have the most to suffer. After his next examination before the magistrates, they committed him for trial. According to the newspapers, it would take place almost innnediately. Things were moving fast. It was time that I should move as well. It was time that I should come to an understanding with my friend the gentleman. So I wrote to him to come and see me, put ting a touch or two into my note which 1 knew would bring him. And he came. CHAPTER XXVII. I wondered if he had an inkling of what it was that I might have to say to him. He showed no signs of it. But one could not tell. I felt, instinctively, that his intuition was every whit as keen as mine. While as for his appearance of perfect ease, it clothed him like a skin. J As he lounged in an easy-chair I drank in, as it were, the atmosphere of his grace and elegance and charm of manner. I felt that I was going to enjoy myself. ' I believe that the fighting instinct is the strongest instinct I have. I knew that, at least,, for once in a way, I was going to cross swords with a f oeman who was worthy of my steel. I began to play with him, as a preliminary to the earnest which was to follow. 'I hear that I am to congratulate you, Mr. TownsencL' He made a slight movement , with his hands— it was a pretty little trick he had. 'I understand that you are about to make a change in your condition of life. You are about to be married.' 'In that respect I do deserve ydur congra . tulations, for if ever there, was a marriage . which, to one of the parties at any rate, promised all that the heart of man could de sire,' it is that on which I am about to enter. Therefore, Mrs. Carruth, I do solicit your congratulations.' He looked me straight in the face as he said this, a smile peeping from the corners of his lips. The first score had been with . him. And I felt he knew it. 'I saw that the engagement was an nounced.' 'I know that it was announced— I believe' at the suggestion of Sir Haselton Jardine.' 'It was rather an odd announcement, the one I saw.' 'Odd? In what way?' 'Perhaps the oddity was also part of Sir Haselton Jardine' s suggestion.' 'What wa's there peculiar about the one you saw?' 'Well, there was a little about the mar riage, and a good deal about the murder.' 'What murder?' 'The Three Bridges murder. It seemed to me to be rather a funny mixture. It was ? not so much an announcement of the en gagement as of Sir Haselton Jardine's con nection with the murderer.' 'His connection with the murderer?' 'As counsel for the Crown.' 'I'm afraid I don't quite follow your mean \- ing.' 'No? Really?' He got up. 'I fear, Mrs. Carruth, I must tear myself away. I have an appointment which I am inclined to think is already overdue.' 'You mustn't go. Did I not tell you in my note that I have something which I par ticularly wished to say to you? Have you forgotten? I am coming to it now.' 'I am but too disposed to yield to tempta tion, Mrs. Carruth, being fully conscious of how good it is of you to say anything to me at all.' He said that kind of thing with an easy assurance and an exquisite grace, which seemed to rob it of its banality. Resuming his seat, he continued to look me straight in .; the face. He gave me no lead. I had to make one for myself. 'It is about the murder.' 'The murder? Everyone seems to be talk ing of that!' . 'Are you going to let Mr. Tennant hang?' To look at him one would not have imag ined that he understood me in the least 'I am afraid that that is an issue which scarcely rests in my hands. I -wish the po'or chap well. I don't know that there is any thing else that I can do for him. Is there -any talk of a petition being got up in case he is convicted?' 'You see, I saw you do it' 'You saw me do— what?' He asked the question as coolly as you please. . . . 'The murder!' ' It might have been my fancy, but I thought ? that a sort of greyness passed for a moment -. over bis face, and that the pupils of his eyes came to a point. But certainly he showed no other signs of discomposure. 'I suppose, Mrs. . Carr;utn, that you are jesting?' 'I have been jesting. I jest nb more.' He watched me for some seconds with anxi .. oos scrutiny. ? . .? . . 'What am I to understand you to mean?' \ 'You are to . understand that I saw you { commit the murder with, which Mr. Tennant *: stands charged.' | He continued to examine my face. Read ing as much'of it,*l 'suppose,' as he desired to ? read— which, possibly, was, more, than I in tended. Not the slightest shadow of a change tobk place in his.own. Having con cluded his examination, he got up from his chair. He went to the fireplace. Leaning his elbow on the mantglboara, ^e: stood look ing down into the burning «oals. v .Hflo judge from: bis deiheanor, ? what he iiad just jaow -heard possessed, only-fth;e4smallest liersjjn^ijttteresefor him^: |1 trj *?'? ! . 'Where 'were you ?' ' '-.. '?* v/fl .was on -the bank. You almost threw the lady upon my head.' . 'Really?' He positively smiled. 'How do you* know it was I?' 'I saw you. You stood on the other side of the hedge and stared at me.' He glanced up from the fire. 'Did you rise up, like a sorj: of accusing spirit, froni the middle of the bushes?' 'I did. That kind of thing was enough to make anyone rise.' 'How very odd! Do you know, I took you 'for a ghost. You gave me a horrid fright. I took to my heels, and ran for my life.' 'I know you did; : I saw you start off running.' ~' He laughed softly, ' He seemed to find the thing amusing in a way which began to strike ?lne as. a 'bit uncanny. His gaze turned to the fire. 'Do you know, I thought that you were that kind of woman from the first?' 'What do you mean? That I was what kind of woman?' 'I mean nothing disagreeable, on my honor. Only I thought that we might be sympathetic.' His words or his manner, or both together, cut me as if he had struck me with a lash. So far he seemed to be doing all the scoring. I was silent. I still would bide my time. He went on — ? 'By the way, how came you to be upon the bank?' I hesitated. Should I tell him anything? And, if anything, how much? I knew that he was watching me. I decided to be frank. 'I fell out of the train.' 'What train?' 'I was in the same compartment with this. Mr. Tennant. We had a discussion. In the course of it I fell out.' 'While the train was moving?' 'Yes. It was a miracle I was nbt killed. As a matter of fact I feft among5 some bushes, and was not even scratched.' 'You say that you fell out. Do you mean th.at you fell out with Mr. Tennant's help?' 'He had nothing to do with it It was a pure accident. He may have thought that he had. but he had not' 'Is it possible that he thinks you were killed?' ''It is extremely possible. When that body was found I believe he thought that it was mine.' 'This is very curious; but if he saw the body he would know it was not yours' 'Worild he see it? Taking it for granted that it was mine, he would not want to see it, and would they compel him to see it against hjs will?' His tone was contemplative. 'I suppose they wouldn't— no. So, if he is found guilty, and is sentenced -to be hung, he will actually go to the gallows under the impression that he deserves his fate. I never heard of anything so curious.' It occurred to me that not the least curious part of the situation was the fashion in which he appeared to regard it from the point of view of a mere outsider. He continued to gaze at the fire. Presently he smiled again. 'And now may I venture, to ask you why you have told me this .extremely interesting scrap of news?' 'Because I intend to save the life of an in nocent man.' ? 'How?' 'By laying the real facts of the case before the police.' 'Unless I do what? I suppose there is something I can do to save myself. Other wise you would have laid the real facts of the case before the police before.' 'There certainly is a way by which you can constrain me to silence.' 'Oh, yes; there are several ways of doing that.' Something in his tone caused me to grasp the revolver which I had slipped into my dress pocket. I had not known how he might take what I had to say. I had thought that it might be just as well that I should come prepared. . 'You need not fondle that pretty little pistol of yours. I was not thinking of that way, I assure you.' The man's quickness of perception verged upon the supernatural. 'It is a matter of indifference to me whe ther you were or were not thinking of it. - I am not afraid.' 'I believe that you are not.' 'I am not You are wrong in saying that .there are more ways than .one of constraining me to silence. There is but one.' 'And that is?' 'You may save yourself from the law by the law, and, so far as I am concerned, only by the law.' 'Explain yourself.' 'According to the law of England, on a capital charge, a wife may give no evidence against her husband.' Unless I was mistaken* he slightly started. Anyhow, his elbow came off the inantelboard j and his arm fell to his side. There Was si lence. Presently he returned his elbow to its for mer place upon the mantelboard. 'I see.' - ? . It was an ejaculation, rather than any thing else. To the best of my judgment his face was expressionless as a mask. But I could not see his eyes— he kept them flame wards. Next time he spoke he confined him self to the utterance of a monosyllable, 'Well?' 'So-far as I am concerned, that is all.' He stood up straight. He faced me, turn ing his back to the fire. 'May I ask why you wish to marry me?' 'I? It is you who wish to marry me, surely.' He regarded me with unwavering eyes. 'Let us be frank with one another. Why 'do you wish to marry me?' 'I am not conscious of having expressed any wish of the kind. I merely suggest that if I were your wjf e, in time, your neck would be saved. Otherwise-1 — ' I allowed the sentence to remain unfin ished. 'I am not a prize in the matrimonial mar ket.' 'I have not inferred that you were. How ever, that is a question of the point of view.' 'And your point of view is?' 'You have certain things I want' 'As for instance?' 'You have position— I have money.' 'What sort of position do you imagine me to have?' 'You have the entree to the best society in England.' 'It does, not follow that I can give that entree to my wife.' 'If you have a particular kind of wife, it does.' 'And you would be that particular Idnd of wife?' ? ' 'I should. I have sufficient brains, suffi cient looks, and sufficient money.' 'What is your idea of sufficient money?' 'I can spend, say, between forty and fifty thousand pounds a year, and still economise.' For the first time, he evinced genuine sur prise. I thought. I had him; but I had not 'Between forty' and fifty thousand pounds a year? No. Then why do you live in such a place as this?' 'If you have any doubts as to the existence of the money, I shall be happy to give you ample £-roof , not only that my ipebme is con siderably over the larger of the two sums which I have mentioned, but also that It is certain to Increase.' .....'... *'*«...- (To*be,^ODtinued,K 