THE CONSECRATION. Tho oonsocration coromony comnii mood with a procossion from tho Bishop's Hunso of all thoso taking part in tho solemn oveat. The procossion marchod in through the principal door of the Cathedral, and tho Cardinal rocoiving tho asporgeB from Fafchor MoAuliffo prosonted it to the assistant bishops, tho othor bishopBi and tho elect, and paBBod up the gospol sido to tho- sanotuary, whoro his Eminonoo tho Cardinal, tho assisting oonso orating bishops, tho Right Rev. Drs. Murray of Maitland and Byrno of Bathurst, the Bishop-oloot, tho Right Rov. Dr. Dwyor, with thoir attendant chaplains, and tho Right Rov. Drs. Torroggiani of Armidalo and Doylo of: Grafton took thoir Boats; ' Tho olorgy .to ,tho nuinbor of fifty wore providod with seats in tho front row of pows near tho sanctuary, whoro thov formed tho sanctuary ohoir. During tho procossiou, and while tho oonso orating prelates woro boing clothed in their pontifical vostmoutB, the hymn b£ welcome ' Eooo Saoardos' was beautifully ? played by Miss Duffy, tho organist. The Cardinal was seated on his throno,- and Bishops Tor roggiani and Doylo ocoupiod. seats on tho opistlo Bido of tho altar. Whon everything was in roadinoss tho Bishop-oloot, wearing his birotta, was lod to tho altar stops' by tho ' assistant bishops, Drs. Murray and Byrne. Dr. Murray then addrossod tho Onrdinar.in thoHO. words : ' Most Eminent and Most Rovorond Fathor,— . Our Holy Mother tho Catholic Ohuroh ro quosts you to raiso this -priest, . horo .' prosont, to tho woiglity ofUW of ' a' Bishop.' Tho Cardinal asked; if thoy had the Apostolio Commission, and boing. answered in the affirmativo roquosted that it bo road. Tho Papal Bulls woro then road -by Fathor Josoph Dwyor, and tho Bishop-olopt, knooling boforo tho Cardinal, rooitod tho' following oath of duty and fidelity : - I, Potrlok Vlnoont, eloob oE tho Ohuroh of 55o»r», will bo from this hour honooforward obodiunb to fclonood Potor tho Apontlo, to the Holy Roman Churoh, nncl to our most Holy Father Popo Loo XIII. and to hia sunooDooro ounonioally nppolnfcod; I will aooltit thorn to return and dofoud tho Rotnnu Pnpaoy, without projudloo to my rnnk| I will tako euro to proaorvo, dofond, and promoto tho righto, lionourn, privfloBoa, and authority of fcho Holy Bomnn Obnroh, of tho Popo and of hta Buooonnorn, sh aforennid. With my wholo strength I will obuorve, and oauoo to bo obasrvod by otlioni, tho rulon ot tho Holy Patbors, tho doorooa, ordlnnnooa, or cli'ipniiltioun, and umndatoa of tho Apontollc Soo. Whon oallod to Synod I will oomo, wnlonu I bo provoutod by a ' cnuonionl impodimont. I mil lorBOUBlly vioib tho limim Apoilolorwn onco ovory en yon™/ and jrendor nn oooount to our moot) Holy Father Leo XIII. and bis mcceBBors, as aforeeaid, of my whole puBtoral oflice, and of overytlifng in any way appertaining to the etato of my Church, to tbe discipline of the clergy and people, and to the salvation of tho souls entrusted to my care ; and I will humbly receive, in return, the Apostolic mandateB, and moat diligently execute them. But if I be prevented by a lawful impediment, I will perform all tbe things aforesaid by a special com- missary, epooially authorised for this purpose, a priest of tbe diocese, or by eomo other secular or regular prieat of triod virtuo and pioty, fully instructed on all the abovo subjects. I will not sell or givo away, or mortgago, enfeoff anew, or in any wny nliennto the possessions be lonfrinf? to my establishment, even with tho consent of the Chapter of my church, without tbe leave of tho Roman Pontiff. And should I proceed to any alienation of them, I am willing to inour ip so facto the penalties speci fied in a certain Constitution published en this subject. The formulary recited, the Cardinal, hold ing with both hands the Book of tho Gospols opon in his lap, tho Elect, still kneeling boforo him, touched tho sacrod text with his hands, and said : ' So may God help mo, and theso the Holy Gospels of God.' Tho Cardinal then proceodod to tho exami nation of tho faith and morals of tho Bishop olcct. Sovonteen questions woro put to him, which roforrod partly to tho canons of the Church to be observed and partly to the orthodox faith, and to each of theso questions tho Bishop- eloet answered, 'I will' and 'I believe.' This examination is in accordance with the injunction of, St. Paul to Timothy (i, 5, xxii), 'Impose riot hands lightly upon any man.' Tho examination boing finished, tho asBiBtant Bishops led tho Bishop-elect to tho Cardinal, boforo whom ho knelt, and w.hoso hand ho roverontly kissed. Then tho Car dinal, having laid aside the mitro, turned with his ministers towards tho altar, and com menced maBB in tho usual manner. , While tho Cardinal proceeded with tho mass at the high altar, the assistant Bishops led tho Elect to the altar prepared for him. Ho received tho pectoral cross, and was clothed 'with tho tunic, dalmatic, chasuble, and maniplo. The pectoral cross is ono of tho insignia of a bishop. It is worn on tho breast suspended from the neck, and reminds tho bishop to keop alive within himself tho mornory. of tho sufferings of Jesus, in order to bo ablo to ovorcomo the assaults of tho dovil. Tho bishop kisses tho poctoral cross iu putting it on or laying it aside, to expross his bolief in the doath of Josus Christ on tho cross. At the oud of the opistle tho Cardinal rocoivod tho mitre, and, addressing the Elect, described: tho duties of a bishop in the following ?words : ' It bohoveth a bishop to judge, to interpret the Scriptures, to consecrate, . to ? ordain, to offor Bacrifico, to baptise, to con-' firm.' Tho Litany of tho Saints was then chanted by. tho priests, tho Cardinal knolt boforo tho altar, and tho Bishop-oloct pros trated himself, tho moaning of which is that to the fuluoss of power about to bo conferred upon him, lib should ondpavour to havo in his heart a corresponding fulnoBS of solfsacrific iug love, annihilating his own will to become obedient to God oven unto doath — oven to tho shedding of his blood in testimony of his faith and lovo for Jesus Christ and for tho salvation of immortal souls, At tho end of the Litany all rose, and, tho Bishop-eloct knolt again boforo tho conso orator, who placed tho book of tho Gospols open abovo tho -nock and shoulders of tho Elect. This is done to - signify that the shoulders donoto tho power of action, and tho Gospol is to bo to tho Eloct not only a light to his paths, but tho cause of lifo and vigour iu his ways, for then only will ho becomo a faithful koopor and true guardian of tho faith committed to his trust. . Thjs action of tho rite also moans that tho . solemn obligation and holy burden of bearing and announcing tho trord of God to the faithful is imposcd! jupon him. ' , j Now tho moment has arrived in which what iis ossontially roquirodfor the validity' of. the' consecration is oonferred, tho time whon the matter and form of tho Saoramont aro united. jTho consecrating .Cardinal and the assisting bishops impose hands on tho head df tho Elect, snying, !' Roooivo thou tho Holy Ghost,' Thon begins tho oonsocration prafaco, during :; which tho top of tho head aud tho hands aro anointed with holy' chrism,, that tho power of ,tho Holy Ghost may not only fill his soul, but also outwardly protect him. In this beautiful preface itlio. offoots of tho Holy Spirit aro praiBod and glorified, as manifested in tho typos solootod from tho Old Tostamont, for Aaron, and his successors, ' tho ' high priests, wero likowiso anointed. This chrism consists of oil, and balsam, tho oil signifying purity of bonscionco in tho sight of God, and tho balsam donoting tho swoot odour of a good namo amongst men. Tho head is anointed on account of its dignity, and tho liands by reason of thoir saorod funo'tions. . A greater f ulnoss of mossing is given to tho hands or tho bishop than to thoso of tho priost, for it is from tho bishop that tho powor of, blessing and conso sorating1 ' omanatos and is given' to othors. Tho ossontial portion. of tho opiscopal oonso soration is nowopomploto, and ili'o now bishop is roplenishod ' with '.tlio grac'o' of, tho. Holy .Ghost; so ..that.vho .may bo; ablb to , fulfil : tho duties of. liis high ofh'oo., in a most perfect manner. '??,??.,'?. ....-,? ; Tho nowly-cousoorated Bishop is now grootod by all tho Bishops prosont as ono of themselvos, ' and rocoivos i tho kisB 'of peaco from each. . Tho mass is continued to tho ond of tliooffortory,'wlioU(tho now Bishop iriakos offerings to tho oonseprator, consisting of two lloavos, tyro small barrols of wino, and two wax torches. Broad and wino aro tho ossontial, tlio'oandlos aro tho mystio,..roprQsontatipn of tho Saoritico which must bo mado by a bishop. Ab the broad and wino aro changed into tlio body and blood of Christ and offdrod;ito tho Almighty, so tho BiBhop, in union with tho holy Baoriflco of. tho mass, , offers a perfect holocanst of his lifo, whioh.is oloarly typifiod by tho burning oandlos, For as tho'tapor is burnt, so must also tho lifo of, a bishop bo spent for ' tho intbrost and , salvation or hit) flook. ? ,???;' !'? At tho communion of tho mass tbe Cardinal, as woll as tho nowly-oonsooratod Bishop, par took of tho samohost and. ohalioo, and after tho Ito mima cat tho Cardinal blossod tho crpV'ior or pastoral staff* tho ring, and tho mitro. ? ? i* ?'' Tho orozior is intondod to' signify that tho powor and graco of tho pastoral office must bo dorivod from God, tlio supporter of human woaknoss. Tho orozior boing blessed is Hpriukloa with holy water and givou by tho Cardinal to tho nowly-consooratod Bishop, who is Jcuooling boforo him, iu thoso words : ' Roooivo this, staff of tho Pastoral oftloo, that iu tho oorrootiou of vico thou nmyost employ suvority with kindness, and oxoroiso judgment without angor ; and that' ih ohorishing virtuo thou niayoBt win tho minds of thy Jioarors, without libglooting ia thy poacofuluofls tho ovority of roproofT' ?: ' r-S*\'' ? v, ', st. john's catiiedkaij. , Tho ring was among the ancients a sign of authority, and has .from an early timo been used by tho prelates of the Church. The fourth Council of. Toledo mentions its uso by bishops'. After sprinkling tho ring with holy water, tho Cardinal placed it on the finger of tho Bishop, saying : ' Receive this ring, the emblem of fidelity, that boin/}1 adorned with faith undefiled, thou mayost blamelessly pro serve tho Spouse of God — that is to say, the Holy Church.' Tho mitro is a covering for tho Bishop's head, and is Avorn on solemn occasions. Its form is a lofty cap, with two peaks, roprosont ing tho two Testaments, and its symbolic meaning is found in tho words of tho conso crator as ho places tho mitre on tho newly consecrated, viz., the mitro is to bo a helmet of power and salvation to tho Bishop, who shall be like a light on Siou, firm in his prin ciples, terrible to all onomios of tho ' Gospol, an indefatigable protector of tho Apostolic faith. Finally, tho consocrator lod the now Bishop to his throno, and placod tho pastoral staff in his hands, and whilst tho To Deum was sung by tho choir tho assistant Bishops conducted tho new Bishop through tho church, when ho imparted his blessing to the pooplo. As Moses, when ho had convorsed with God, descended from Mount Sinai and catno to his pooplo, his faco all radiant, so the now Bishop, after his consecration and his close union with God, makes his appear ance boforo his faithful peoplo seated on his throno, and armed with spiritual weapons symbolic of his powor to bo thoir loader hence forth in combating the onomios of salvation, Tho conducting of tho now Bishop through the church reminds him to carofully look after tho flock entrusted to him, that no ono may bo lost, and that ho may bring all to tho ono fold and- to the ono Shephord. Each stop of his should bo like tho first ho makos from tho altar, dovotod to tho welfare of his people ; and each action of his should, as now ho raises, his consecrated hands for tho first timo, bring blossings on each and everyone of his flock. Tho imposing coromony of tho consecration ondod with tho words Ad midtos annos, -wheroby tho now Bishop thrico saluted tho consecrating prolate, wishing him many years of hoalth, and expressing his gratitude towards him. 