. TIME*. DEAD LOVEIR. The streets of the little mintilng Lon, with b their steel sidewalks of flights of steps Ind in. elinei plainls, were hIight with lights and gay with peopIlI. Th'er was to be ant old fo'ks con rcrt at time hall, and the yoiung ipeoplt who wore' to 'participate. in their quaint co.etumes of brocade and lace, had eougregatcd, with ounch ug fun and laughter, in' the padrlour of ihe one hi hotel, awniling the time when they were to make thelr0 . tronce to the counertrcoonm, the nsll nl. freomn one i?e lai the women from the other; in theu way 'f days goneo h. The enter g nin iet was to close with a dtnned, the old ray folks hI inc in costutne. to 'rThogirlt woere litting about the room, now pausing tlore the mirror to touch a powdered lock or to glance at a velvet train. The young t. lieon, lohking at idrt, rather aelf-coseciouts in en their uneccustimled clothes, tieu silk eonts, Srnflht;d shirls, adhi 'elort breachest, joited the nintual admiration society, aid nil was lively with jihk'en aEl laughter and emnall rehenroals. T whiote drena:;hnroead d :witli' shier woe littiug Sabout am0ong iti groups,' i quiring i **" Where'acrs.mi P le'u yol s?en Tom ? me do want to Iry our duet." ig '" Lost Tom, looas Amy ? " laegheod Harry uP Iatstings. " I dhclaro you shiuli take belui ot care of your properly than'that." iou Ilnow do you knowuhe is my property ?" P " Oh, littleu bird told me. Now sea hero; his if you'll proini.i me ito n second waltl to-nigtlt YeI 1'll go anld look up the olt fellow for you. ?ic. ot hinm since ee hudtosoid lin ought to have lived e' in (lorgo Waei.iugton's time, he looks no well illn those clothes." ct, 'he girl blushed anit promised, and Harry im started tn his quest. There iran someo cotifu his lion and quite a,little eriurd bshout a dora of firther rdoon the hall, and as ltntlastig paused, o't, 'im MeL.ughlin came from the oomun heyond. lgh I wan a very handsomnnyoung man, though hii " face now looked white eoil solnmu. il I say, tli boy; what's the row ?" Itt other cnlled. " You're wanted by a ceurain lady. he Why, you look as if you chad teen a ghost." \- " I haro seen a man die." bis "Patterson p" t " Yeer." iy We ell, that's rough. Consumption, wasn't sit ?' leg " Yes." said Toni, briefly. p" lte made n;motion to go in the opposite direc he tion from the parlour. Ilastings detained him. al " Amy waints you." ' " Tell her P'lI he othe presently." " Well, don't bie long ; we are going overton ity th hall very soon." ilg Tom went up to his room. The scenet hehend itt just pusied through had put him out of tune with the gay doings abhotit him. lie could still he ee tho set eyes and quivering chill of the man ho who had died, and he, too, was young. i When he went down to thie parlour Amy was there alone, and decidedly cro.s. "t. I think it's too provoking of you, Tom ! " , hoe pouted. fluttering her silver and white plumage. "They're all gien over. and there isn't time to try our duet. Where have you Sbeeon P" he " W'ith iour Patterson : he has just died." th " Oh, how dreadful ! Iut I dou't ise what made you go a visiting sick folk on the night of our concert," hab said p:ttishly. ',,.The young man looked at her in surprisn. n " Don't be cross, dear." he said. " This thing Shas abhout ups t me." tIe was faletning; lie cloak, and she made an impatient movemeont. ho ." tiered to drop in to see him eurery vutering, th T'ho poor fellow wasn a strnger Icre, and loic. some. ito came for his health. It chered hire n up, hoe said, to hear what was goig on, no tor i" , night I went ill to let him sco me in thbcn n- thmus: I tmhought it might amuse him ; but I id found him just goiug." Oti " Fearful ! But Tom, we must huery ; they'l li be waiting for us." ur "One moment, Amy. I want to ashk you d somethinog. 'Iho poor fellow who died war to experling hieagirl tonuightin the midnight train. . Hio sentr for her think what a shock it will ie to to her when she comes ! Woutl you mind if I 1 wenlt up to the station to meet her andt 'ry It make tait t litlo e wer ?" ot " Mind ! I guess I shnold I Any girl d woul I Why, it will beho just supper time, and Ia doin't want to be left without a partner." Id 'I could get someone-" y " I don't want anybody but you. I don't hbelieve that gil is much, coming here alono',to see him." to " Would you not do it for me, Amy ?" r " Don't go asking liorriti questiona ! Marmao e. wouhin't think of tlttlig me." "e * This poor girl hasn't any relations. lhe re works in. an ofice. ,Patterson told aoe. lie thought everythlig of, her. I don't see how Syou cam help being sorry for her !" t "O. I am t Now Toum. doi't he die. S' agreeable!" pouting.. "Come. we must go !" 1 Tom sighed, alid' they went out into the In enowyatreet. Ife cohul not feel in touch with the gaiety. tIo found himself runtinually I thinkiig of that youing life just gune. of the young girl journeying on in hopoto find dtapea. t tionethtig crapt into his tenor solo that nia it a which mado people say. " I'didn't know Tor fMLtuaghlin'ooult sing like' Lbat it fairly ma ( SmIn cry." Amy had recovered her gool nature. tihe P laughed and dauced and Iliteld abuht like's e fairy. Tom took her to supper and roa?ed himoseltl to join in the gay talk. She thought he hiad fogoutten th, ir little difterence. In the dusotay Shll, as thrys went bapk, she looked lp at hilII ewith ebiloing ey'e, " Tom," she wllispered, " do you know you're t splenditlly handsome to-nighLt '' Fer answer I.o took her in his arms and n kilse't her. " Ob, you hear,".she laughed, " Vou're euslleod my 'Irea," A tIII mtaln wias standing by the door as ihry psard out. " Ilhull, Jake I" called loIarry Ifastings. " Why ain't you up.at stie station ? Uoing (C n lot Ile iasrnueua rs walk Iown P" it " I'rtily of tihiu I traiu' a late. 1Due at Olu, tinty)." 'Toul heardi. Ie totk Amy into the hall, anit a Ih ir partner rame to claim tier ; then he hulntled over to tio l r hold. "Take," hie said, 'I 'm goieg sith olle. Ito ren up to his roll, ts"l orft his fanllry itLo hl, lnlier . t'rle nhi man whllln t' ahh Iht: hterh wgs haltnielg his ihanhi at IIe ta.I " ''llO ll, O liuii,. " hil alll, i nittuiii sini, ion iey Into is hn. " I aI tIrL )Il' OlcL IIIII t thtre i a gor ii lire il tie illr'ilr whu thIt 'h t " Itil 1 i il ! o Ure, 1 . I11 I o i I, r, n'l . .ll r. Tlnl rs.hll ll ,,Ii ,I I ,ll l'llI .( hl t m. 'l'oilo i hI nu tr , I Ini lil ' ,l to hu all ii I' It ll\ l r . t? , I y, a h h "iit ,,e I',1111, hr 4 s he a ib itit ql, u 'g ,.h i .hli , ,.r?L. hai , . . 1 ?II iLl r ,h. •' I aludl htl . t t h l Ilhil (lL t bi l.a y elh." ho Iholiuhl, nt e w.,llnt lultt alnI r o h. up bth ldu J?ku on the uld'bu, fur Lhnuollu't 1 r( ride to the'ntatlon.- _. The train coma wly thr ough tho doep cntl its two 'ggims I IIllag. It sLppgld bit ano instant; thl olnil were thrown nout and the' I pnaunra er' alialt..d Two men and a Ildy. Ehi was evidently alone, and looked about her nervously, McLaughlin went upl to her. " Ircue me,' he siid, " but is thin Mliws Abbott, Mr. Ptulteron's frieud F'. " Tes." she aeid. " ADy namo is Mlaughlin. I 10am to mecb you," he wont on, iaossecssig himself of her valiso and helping her ioto the alago. By the light of thle altionmlnster's window he saw that abo was toll, withl s wee, grave facrn and luminous gray Iyes. The runmbling and crunching of the wheelsC , hrough the stiff snow, antd tiLe prsoarnc o other strungeras lonte cono versation diltleltt. The girl loooked out over the snow a t ti dark honses which lined the winding way down to the tona. The young mattl as plannaing how to leli her. Tthey drew tuat the hotel ; the light from the brilliaun t Ill arrows th w*ay alreamedt out; ntrains of a nwali anad the ountd of dancing feet came faintly on lthe night air. Ton Ithopd that blth diJ not notice them. Iurlse Jlohnlly hild Iteen true to Ioin promine, and a Ilr btlrllled brightly in Ito parleor astv. Ton plarced a elhir for her iii tih pleasant warmth, but stll talrned to him eagorly. "Toell' ue about him," le saidl. "t Is ho bettlr e" ' Yin,'" ho answered, avoidling her eyes. Ite wena on hurriedly, " I km going to bring yo n sumethiner and then vn*, I - " - S"Thuk aiiti' olso answeraed, ",I shall be glad of inomehing.c; I hat e be?nso anxiious to tlhy that I could not it.rt bt nown uam hero I mtist save my strength for himt." Tom we oni ac a isplcieas lump filling hisl throat. lie returnetd plreeently with a cup oft tea ana a Iray of dainties, purtonred with Unle ,iohn'nya heillt from the remains of the ball supper,. When aleu had lunchl,'' sit mitd- It I tail so plod I t i'i i. btter. In be on thit floor ? I funial:d trum his short letters that he wan very wencl ndol nulfaring." T'om nent ulp to lher andl toolt bhr hand. *My poor girl," he said huskily, lHenry will Inever sulfr any maero; be in well." Shlo grew very chite and turned away her head, but sabo did nt cry. There was a long rilenar, and then a?ht rtid in auL altered voice t" hen ?" " Tonightl at. even." Anuothtr silence. ]'hern a sound of footstepL aplproaclhing and it gay y voice r inbtg " I thihtt I muset haIve rlft my sCarf in horn It is cold in the bhall." Amy enlterul, followed hy llarry Ilastlnge. Shl gaveo one lootk at Totllltenadinlg llveraond holhling the hand of the whilt-faced stranger, tthent withput a word t aull tnald went out, fullhtod hy her cotvalier. his lta puhckered for it pihent, whistle. "lisn Ablbot did not appenr to have noticed thlem. SI mnust see himi." 'hn said. " 01h, not In.night ! It is late, and you are necry. at unllltil ornitgtll." " Not" sle anuwertl, " now t I most tell himn I have come. though it w\ta too lato." tInblu to move har. her. h brought a candle and they sent through tile silnit hallt to the room wherel'o hr lover lily it nitl the silent majesty of Ihuath, 'tl'otll et ,ltowu tlm light and IrLeoveredl I1 Mlill I ,rln., " I'll wait outside." hre wthisl red. Alter snme taiml sh. joiueal him, her faceo now strained with tears. " I will go to niy room olw,'. she asid. " Oh, blr. BMcL.auglin, how I s ll 1 Lthiank yol for )otr our killdrss to him land to nlm ?" 'Wh>n Tonm wrent Iack to the boll-room Amy woas waltzinrg. It watched theo litho young figture, ths llyin ;ft, aet, itha ,wn ite and ?.ilver i;_ I goo n: 'I'tem wa n a rdlour ill the smaill face and a miltinous raprcsion about the nmouth whirhi told him hIo wmlhi find it hard to make When ho was seated he wlttt to her, but she did n(ut al?,pcar to m e hili lln l hae poke. " Amy-" " hlt, it is you. Mlr. Miclaghlhil Il! h e you left your frirendl ?" " 'y darling, let nl exllain." " I don't tinat to hear." IHTrriedly alipping; tft her ingncegllenit ring, bshe? ge it to hint. "'lTtu're ! Who n yollt Ithu Io tr handl again, slty thatl on; hllt weill li tled of at Ilno lover." 'rite mnan'a faneo turnedlt very white. Do Iyo lt Ilaratl it, Amy i" lie enid. Hhnit ga? a hard littlo laugh anod beckoned with hrr fai. Hlnationg camen ip. ' allrry," de said, sweetly, " I'm no tlred a wonl't you tako e homne ?" Tom Ivoked at Iho tiny ring lying in hit hand ; its danoanatil tlahod up lt hiam Ilightly ; then h thnought of tlhe cloear grey oJes of thil other girl who, had hi but kniowna, was to luake the hauninon of Ilia life. 