DAY BY BAY, It is commonly understood that the enthusiastic elector is not in season just at present. His gregarious in- stinct is dormant, and, like the stag, he lies, far from his kind, in hillier haunts, preparing for the time when he shall emerge and join in herds to furnish noble sport for the hunter- politician. Most candidates for pol- tical spoils are aware of this circum- stance, and are quietly furbishing up their guns, and keeping their powder dry for the regular battles. The wily and experienced ex-M.L.A„ conversant with the habits of the animal, remains quietly at home, inliicting upon yawn- ing acquaintances narratives of his past exploits, and predictions of feats yet to come. But it appears as though the minor variety of the same species —the ex-alderman—is less accurately informed. One of that distinguished class actually attempted to get up a sort of elector-drive on his own ac- count at St. Leonards last Saturday night, and from the orthodox van- tage point of an hotel balcony, pro- vltled with the usual equipment of a chairman, proposer and seconder, at- tempted to bag a vote of confidence. A yawning and disinterested crowd of six, or even more, electors was rounded up, but they declined to trouble them- selves about him. When the chairman called upon them to hold up their hands in the usual fashion the whole six put them into their pockets. Among the galaxy of colorilal genius, wit and beauty that, during recent, days, has been circling round the Bri- tish throne in its Sunday clothes, the heroic figure of Mr. William Pember Reeves—now New Zealand Agent- Ge- neral—has been conspicuous by its ab- sence. Mr. Seddon, supposedly an ab- solutely inferior person, has shone like a star of the first magnitude; and in that lustre Mr. Reeves has only flick- ered, and that very occasionally, like a farthing rushlight. And yet that young man, that, stern and unbending Tory, the hope, strange to say, of the Radicals, sans culottes, and socialists of New Zealand, was, according to his admirers, to ignite the Thames im- mediately he arrived sufficiently close to the river to do so! It was W. P. Reeves who would pinch the tail of the British lion, and make it yelp! But it hasn't yelped for Mr. Reeves a circumstance, however hard he may have twisted its effete old caudal ap- pendage. Since he has been in Eng- land the world has only heard of him once—and then on the subject of cheese. He might as well have been a mouse. "Oh! Willie, we have missed you!" It has been suggested, probably, with good reason, that the stones found in the nozzle of the brakes of one of the Waverley trams which came to grief on Sunday night were not placed there by some murderous adult miscreant, but were dropped in for scientific ex- perimental purposes by some innocent little darling with a face like a cherub and a taste for mischief like—well, not precisely like a cherub. Those who have made any study of the Sydney ju- venile innocent, especially of the male sex, will know its natural love for drop- ping lumps of rock into any aperture which seems to its artless mind to gape for a rock—into letter-boxes, water- spouts, drains, ladies' pockets, &c.; The chances are the youthful culprit had a very clear conception he was doing something wrong when he slumped stones into the brake nozzles; but, to do him justice, the reflection was hard- ly likely to disturb his enjoyment of the transaction. However, he is probably no worse than his congeners the world over—only, perhaps, a trifle more enter- prising. Under such circumstances, would it not be as well to place unused trams where the small boy could not get at them? One of these days a youthful scientist will be putting a powder- flash into the furnace of an idle engine, just to discover whether the powder will go off when the en- gine gets hot. Melbourne ahead as usual! It now boasts a thief of such extreme piety that he recently stole no less than £16 worth of bibles and prayerbooks. A commercial traveller left a trunk con- taining these good books on one of the wharves and the pietist came along and annexed trunk and books. One rather wonders at a commercial travel- ler carrying such a load of theology about with him, because drummers are not, as a rule, built that way; but one cannot sufficiently admire the de- voutness of the good young man who goes in for religion in such a wholesale manner. It will be a very nice question, in ethics to decide whether that good young man—for it is only reasonable to presume he is young and good— should be punished for taking those books. It has been affirmed by tem- perance enthusiasts that the person who leaves the "accursed" drink lying about loose deserves to have it stolen. Does the same argument apply to bibles and prayerbooks? The first instinct of a man of British race, when he sees anything he has never seen before, is either to kill it or run away, and say he has seen a ghost or a tiger. If the ordinary Briton met the Angel Gabriel, or the last man, he would inevitably try to kill him. But if he en- countered the sea serpent, or the itch- yosaurus, or the Tantanoola tiger, he would run away. The other morning two Melbourneites, who presumably had never seen a harmless seal before, encountered one on the beach at St. Kilda. The seal naturally and justifi- ably barked, as 'tis the nature of seals to do, and the men, probably deeming it the missing link, were alarmed, and promptly got a hammer and stove in the seal's head. The pity of it is that the seal was not only a big seal, weighing nearly 800lb., but it was practically a white and, therefore, rather rare vari- ety. The thing, alive, would have graced an aquarium, Now it is only fit for a moth trap. But someone will pre- sent its slaughterer with a medal. ZED. 