The Man--Not his Iyieey BY V. F. TOWNSEND. Meanwhile the descent of the broken beams and rafters of another story brought them within reach of the ladders. Then a mighty shout, as from a single throat, shook the'air. It seemed as though the icrowd, who had waited and watched in silent agony the scene which had gone on over their heads, had suddenly burst into uncontrollable madness. Then women and children shouted,. and laughed, and dried, and embraced each other in the sudden relief and ecstasy of the hour. They gathered around the foot of the ladder to receive the two on their descent, but Austin Flagg gave the boy to his mother-the poor woman totally speechless in the emotion of the moment. 'I have kept my word; I have brought him back to you,' he said. The next moment he grew deathly pale, and woiild have fallen' if they had not eaught him and they saw then that his broken arm was dang ling by'his side. A little later they carried him totally unconscious to his home. The story spread like wild fire through the town, and before night Austin Flagg was the hero of Maple ville.. Nothing else was talked about but the brave way in which he had risked his life and snatched from the jaws of death the mill-boy, the only son of his widowed mother, who could only stammer her thanks and bless ings amid her sobs. It was a deed whose generous daring all could appreciate, and it stirred the heart of the quiet old town as Austin Flagg could never have stirred it, rich and influential as he was. Of course Hester Lynne could not be long in hearing the story which was repeated to her with every detail by eye-witnesses of the scene. In a moment her feelings toward Austin Flagg underwent an immense change. He was suddenly trans formed in her eyes. This man whom she had regarded as cold and self- absorbed, whom she be lieved valued his wealth more than anything else in the world, and was seeking her for his wife because he believed her youth and beauty would be the fictingand graceful orna ment of his home-this man became suddenly a hero to her. The secret feeling that she would be compelled to marry him for hiswealth had stung her woman's pride, and wounded her woman's heart and at times created a feeling almost of aver sion toward Austin Flagg. But in the sudden revulsion of: her feelings, which one heroic act had occasioned, Hester Lynne' bitterly re proached' herself for her former in justice. Here, though she had not. known it, was a man worthy of a woman'slove and honour. All tiat was noble and generous in her rare and generous. nature did homage to the courage which had made Austin Flagg 'risk his life for the sake of that factory boy whose mother had been a domestic in the Lynne household. ' Only a brave, true nebleman with the spirit of the ancient knighthood at the core of him would-have doiie such an act,' Hester Lynne told herself, with a sudden swell of pride and ten derness in her heart. It was the man, not his money, after all, which would win her. She had not seen Austin Flagg for several days, not since she had with 'her "mother the conversation which she little suspected he had over heard. She had supposed that business of some sort kept him away these days, and, in her secret' soul, had been rather glad of it. She dreaded the moment when a question of his ask ing would settle her fate. The doctor's gig was rolling past when a call from the front gate sud denly brought it to a pause, and Hester Lynne came out and stood by the side of the vehicle. How lovely she looked in the eyes of the old physician, who had been her father's friend, as she stood there with the light of the full June moon on her fine, sensitive face. ' Doctor?' she asked, eagerly, ' you have just come from Mr. Flagg ?' It was the very evening of the day on which the warehouse walls had tumbled in. I' I have just left him, my child.' 'And you- you don't think he is going to die ?' Among other reports floating around the town that day there had been one that Austin Flagg had been fatally injured. ' Oh, no ; he has a slow, tedious time before him, for his arm snapped above the elbow, and he had some strains and bad bruises, but a man can afford to suffer something when he has the conscioushess that he has behaved so grandly. It stirs my old blood to think Qf it, Heater.' She put her white hand in the old physician's. The tears shone in her beautiful eyes. , 'Dear doctor,' she faltered, 'none but a great and good man could have done so brave an act, but the heroes 'of truth come in commonplace dis guises. She was not aware how much she was saying, nor how her voice and face enforced her words. In a mo ment the gig rolled away. There was a quiet smile on the kindly, sagacious face of the old physician. He loved Hester as though she were his own daughter. '!If the child had never been in love with him before she will be now,' he said to himself. She was, whether she knew it or sot. But she and Austin Flagg did siot'rieet for a month afterward. He lay sick in his elegant home, and only a few kindly messages passed be tween the two. Hester could noti go to him, although her heart yearned inexpressibly to do it as she thought of the lonely man lying there, with no soothing hand or tender voice of lov ing relative about him. He, too, was thinking of her in those long days and nights of pain and weariness which were making more of a man of Austin Flagg than he 'had ever been. in his days of robust health. The girl's cold; mournful tones on that day when he had last heard her voice haunted him constantly. He began to have. a key to t'hem. He grew humbler and wiser during that long convalescence. In solemn com munings with his own soul he gained a finer insight into that. of Hester Lynne's, and he grew more and more in love with her. It was midsummer before Austin Flagg drove out for the first time after his accident. Pale and worn with confinement and suffering, 'he was an 'object of 'immense interest and solicitude to every one who saw, him. He rode down to thelittle cottage of the Lynnes', and Hester came-down to the gate to see him. Never had she seemed such an angel of loveliness. to the man as she did that day in her siniple whited ress, and her great hazel eyes searching his face with such unutterable sym pathy. She was greatly shocked at the change in the strong man. The sight put the proud girl quite off her guoarde. 'I'aim glad to welcome you back to the world again,' she said, and then the splendid eyes filled with tears. He saw them; they touched his inmost soul, but he tried to turn it oqE lightly. 4 I must look ,to you, Miss Lynne, quite as though I had come out of my grave, like the ghost of Hamlet's father, to' revisit the glimpses of the moon, but I am confident I shall be sound and hale as "ever before the summer is over.' ' Yes, Mr. Flagg.' Just then she could not have said another word for her life. Then he spoke on a sudden impulse. 'Sick men may always solicit favours. Will you get into the car riage and. take a little'drive with me, Miss Lynne ?' She went at once for her sun- hat and shawl, and in a little while they were rolling off on onie of.the quietest country roads. On that ride Austin Flagg told Hester Lynne how, when the world was lovely with May blos soms,, he had, gone down one after noon to invite her to drive out with him, intending to ask her 'a question which he had never before asked a woman, and he told her also, word for word, the conversation which he had overheard that day, standing' in the small front porch, and how 'he 'had gone home a 'perplexed, discomfited man, and how the sad, frozen tones had haunted him ever' since, and how -no- matter--he told her ;a great many things which he had learned and felt in this month and a half passed in his still, sick-room. 'I want to ask you.now, Heater, the question' which I intended to ask that afternoon, only I could not have you answer me, dear, in that tone. It would hurt me now far more cruelly than it did then.' And while he talked her little white lily of a hand lay close in his, and the tears were in 'her eyes, and the blushes hot on her cheeks. ' It was my own fault, my miser able, wicked pride' which'mistook you so wholly,' she said. ' If you'can for give me ?' '.forgive you ! 'And it you like-if you will ask me the question again you will hear how I shall answer it.' 'Well, then. will you be my wife, Hester Lynne ?' 'Yes; and the proudest, gladdest, happiest woman in all the world, be cause I have found my hero and my love !'* The tones would have satisfied the most exacting lover. It was rather a curious courtship, I suppose, but-' it served'-the main point being that Hester Lynne married the man-not his money. 