Cu APTER XXIV.-A FATAL OBJECTION. " Taphenca Calvert ! Never I" cried the old man in a high voice, riging from the chair, and shaking his head agitatedly. " Abner Blake can never marry Taphenes Calvert 1" "Carot he just? You rc mistaken theer. He just can marry her, and I'm mighty afcared aB he will, onlcss someb'dy steps in to prevent 'im." " I'll step in 1" exclaimed Treason, in tones that recalled to Krink in a most unpleasant manner the master of twenty years agone, " Dead folks 'as no locus sundi," he doggedly said. " But I tell you it can never be I" " Then tell ino why it carot never bet" " It cannot. Tho whole idea is outrageous, unnatural !" " Well, all as I kin say is they both 'pears to think it thc most uatcral thing in thc world. " "They wouldn't if they knew as much as I know." "If theer reely is any just CSUBC or im- pediment le's licv it. I'll act as deppity fer you, Chuck it out, now !" Trenson Bat down once more and waa silent for a time. At last, looking up, he said, in a voice scarcely above a whisper : " He cannot marry her because her father murdered my son-Abner Trenson I" " Ah 1 I guessed as much. He shut Mr. Abner, did he! I thought years Bin' that theer was somethin' of that kind. 1 tried to get hold o' them pupers you bad- did get a glimpse ov one-but could make nothin' ov it-an' then you hid 'em an' I never could melt head or tail on the thing." The old man's face lighted up with a momentary smile, as he recollected that he waa once too astute for his presont tyrant. " What proofs have you of that ere state- ment, now !" ?' The American papers containing an account of it." "An1 do you mean to say you've knowed this all along an' niver had Bill Calvert took up fer it !" "They had sinned together," said John Treason, bitterly. " They had been fellows in plunder. Who shall say which of thom was to blame in their last quarrel ! Besides, 1 have no legal proofs. The newspapers gave no names. I recognised them hy Ihe descrip- tion ; and I got a letter, asking for money, from Abner, posted in the town where thc affair happened. It was only dated a few days previously." Thc listener stared straight at him, but he went on unhccdingly. " Thon, again, 1 never know Calvert was back again in England until years after." Krink leaned ngaiusl thu doorway in solemn meditation. "lt's a queer thing," lie said, "yer couldn't a told mc this before. I might a nipped the thing easy in the bud, but now Mr. Abner's a headstrong young gou'leman au' it's ques- tionable." " I knew nothing about the matter." "No more you did. Still one 'oda thought il 'ud a come np in some of the very loug talkie's we've liad." It was quite true that thu " talkin's alluded to had been long, but Ihe speaker might have added that they had been very one-sided, und, for one word uttered by the old man, he had spoken a core. During the period of Trcnson's confinement he had considered il his (¡rut duty to ucquaut him with all Iiis grandson's proceedings. "If youd n gone right off to Kingdom come," he explained, "as you ought to ha' done," you'd a knon'd all about things, as fur as I can hear. That's the only benefit as spcrrits hev in my opinion-they knows all about both worlds an' we ou'y kunwB a little about one. You dou't know very much about thc totber arter all, hut I'll see as you gets well informed about this." Acting on these considerations he had daily and nightly held forth on the style in which Aimer was " makin' the money fly," and detailed at great lcugth his schemes and labours amongst thc poor of the town. At first Trenson Iud burst into wild fits of desperation at the wastiug of hU wealth. These were, however, succeeded by spslls of what Krink called " des'pret quiet," and finally, by an interest that instantly awoke the narrator's suspicions. Krink, in spite of bis prisent power over thc captive, had yet a lively recollection of his old master's one time superiority, and, at bottom, hidden beneath his blustering manlier, was uot only a deep distrust, but a sort of dread of him. "Scotched not killed," was his verdict, and this suspicion and fear awoke at once when Trenson begun to show an ap- preciation, however faint, of thc work that was being done in the slums. Me drew back at once. That his victim, given equal chances, could overreach him he quite believed, and that this pretended appreciation proceeded from some deep motive he was quite con- vinced. Such an opinion had led him te cut short many a recent interview, and to-day was indeed thc first one for some weeks which had extended to such a length. However, the news had put him in a very good humear, and as he leaned there thc solemnity slowly faded from his face, and was succcdcd by u peculiar smile. *' Mo an' Hill Calvert 'as 'ad several doos lately, lie's giviu' hissel' airs eos he thinks his gell 'as cort thc young guv'nor. 'Owever, from to-day I'm on lo my lord wi' both feet. I'll show 'im who's thc doss. Taffy, she's a nicsl gell, a very nicst gell, but if she marries Mister Abner, you sec, complications may enshew. They might want to live here goodness knows what they mighln t want an' so. William Calvert, I'll see you in-in in ' Amurka ' uforc thal thing conies off." He shook his head vigorously, and in spite of his prisoner's efforts to detain him longer iu conversation, departed. Sonic hours later he had grown quite garrulous in his owu little room, and talked volubly to thc half emptied decanter. The enforced continual attendance in this great building, alone, had had the worst possible effect upon him. To enliven his solitude, he hud taken to the whisky bottle ; none knew better than himself how dangerous were the possibilities to which such a course might lead, but notwithstanding his mis- givings lie found himself continually yielding to the temptation. " Yer'll hang me yet," he said, shaking bis fist at tho vessel. "Hang me, that's wot Îoo'U do. But whether you hang me or not, 'll die as Bold Krink, Esquire, of Broceo House. Theer's no Bill Calvert oustin' me from here ; an' his pretty daughter ain't comin' 'ero as missie. Theer's a live ghost 'ere, an' as long as he keeps knockiu' about I'm bouu' to be thc master. What's more, I'm a-goin' to be. If they gita married, this 'ere job'll come out like a murder in the fourth ack of a play, an' Hold Krink's reigu is ended for ever an' ever. It'll cut 'im up a bit, no doubt, to lose 'er, but it's all fer 'ie own good, if he on'y knowed it. Git 'im apart from her, he may travel an' see torrin' parts -that's the thing fer a young man to do, an' that's the thing Mr. Abner mus' do if I kin manage it at all." (Tobe continued.) 