literary 9loted, '&te.; j The. life of Tennyson, by his son the present lord, will be'publislied in October. The writ ing has been completed, and the work will make two volumes of good size. An unpublished work by lato Sir Richard Burton, entitled 'Human Sacrifieo Among the Sephardim, or Eastern Jews ; or, the Murder of Padre Tomaso,' will be1 issued by Messrs. Hutchinson. It was written from material which Sir Richard collected when cousul at Damascus, but publiation was delay ed on account of its strong anti-Semitic ten dencies. The first part is devoted to a gen eral study of the Jew in England, Palestine, and elsewhere ; the second- deals with the alleged rite of human sacrifices among the Sephardim. Tho cost of Nansen's expedition, which occupied a little more than three years, was under £24,000. A concise statement is given in ' .Farthest North,' showing how the money was. raised. The largest contributor was tho Norwegian Government (£15,G50), while King Oscar gave £1,125. A few priv ate individual raised the rest by ?' national subscription.' The London Geographical Society gave £300. The building of the ship absorbed nearly £17,000, the remaining ex penditure being on wages, life insurance, pro visions, expense, and equipment. Nansen will make more than the expedition cost out of 'his book, and the proceeds will bo all profit. Stories about ghosts have deep interest for Mr. Andrew Lang. He is seeking among them for proof that spirits do walk tho earth. He wants to get at the origin of the well known story of ' Fisher's ghost' — the Aus tralian ghost who sat on the fence in tho moonlight pointing, to the spot- where the body of a murdered man would be found. ' A month or two since,' writes Mr. Andrew Lang, in Longman's Magazine, ' I appealed to Australian antiquaries for any eontempoary evidence as to ' Fisher's ghost,' which sat on a rail and led to the discovery of Fisher's murderer, A writer in Truth remarks that the whole story is exploded in New South Wales ; that there is no record of the trial, and that I am a credulous person. But I do not hold a brief for Fisher's ghost ! If tho report of the trial were found, it would be no proof of the objective character of the ap pai ition. I only want to find out the origin of the story. It is printed in Household Words for March 5, 1853. The place is given as\ Pen rith, not very far from Sydney ; the seer is 'Ben Ward ;' the magistrate to whom he ap. peals is Mr. Grafton ; the judge who sat on the bench is ' the late Sir Erancis Eorbes.' But we can go 20 years, nearly, behind Home hold Words and 1853. The story, without names or dates, is published in the late Mr. Montgomery Martin's ' History of the British Colonies,' vol. iv., p. 303, in the edition of Cochrane and Co., published in 1835. Mr. Martin writes, in a large and serious work, that the events oceured ' when I was in New South Wales.' The story is given as an illus tration, not of ghosts, but of the sagacity shown by a native tracker in following up the clue of the ghost.' i The morning after Max O'Rell had lectured in Pittsburg a young fellow rushed up to. him as he was leaving his hotel, and nearly em bracing him, said, ' Let me thank you for the pleasure you gave me last night. I had such a good time.' He thanked the young fellow remarking that his modest efforts had been crowned with success. ' Tou will never know the lovely time I had,' went on the youth. 'Tou see, I'm engaged to be married to a girl in .this. State, and all her folks went to the lecture last night, and I had the girl all to- myself.' Perhaps one of the saddest episodes of Farthest North is when Nansen and Johansen, after leaving the Pram, came to the end of their sledge journey, and were obliged to take to their kayaks to reach Franz Josef Land. Only two of their faithful dogs survived, the others had to become food for the survivors. ' Caiaphas' was the last of Nansen's team, ' Suggen' of Johansen's, and now they were no longer needed, and must ^either be left be hind to starve or to be put beyond the pale of starvation. Both men felt it was akin to murder, yet it was the kindest way ; so they exchanged dogs to make the pang of murder less. ? ^'Nothing more wonderfully beautiful can exist than an Artie night (-writes Dr. Nansen' in Farthest North). It is dreamland, painted in the imagination's most delicate tints ; it is colour etlieralised. One shade melts into the other, so that you connot tell where one ends and the other begins, and yet they are all there.^ No forms — it is all faint, dreamy col our music, a far-away, long-drawn out melody, on muted strings. Is not all life's beauty high and dolicate.and pure, like this night ? Give it brighter colours, and it is no longer so beauti ful. The sky is like an enormous cupola, blue at the zenith, shading down into green, and then into lilac and violet at the edges. Over the ice fields there are cold violet-blue shad ows with lighter pink tints, where a ridge here and thero catches the last reflection of the vanished day. Up in the blue of the cupola shine the stars, speaking peace, as they always do, those unchanging friends. In the south stands a large red- yellow moon, encircled by a yellow ring and light golden clouds floating in the blue background. Presently tho aurora horealis shakes over the vault of heaven its veil of glittering silver — changing now to yel low, now to green, now to red. It spreads, it contracts again, in restless change, next it breaks into waving^ many-folded bands of shining silver, over which shoot billows of glittering rays, and then the gloi'y vanishes. Presently it shimmers in tongues of flame over the very zenith ; and then again it shoots a bright ray right up from the horizon, -until the whole melts away in tho moonlight, and it is as though ono heard the sigh of a de-' parting spirit. Here arid thero are left a few ?waving streamers of light, vague|as a forebod ing— tlioy aro tho dust from the aurora's glittering cloak. But now it is growing again ; now lightnings shoot' up ; and the endless game begins afresh... And.. all the time this utter stillness, impressivo^as the symphonies of infinitude.''^- *' ' Mr. James Demarr, in ' Adventures in Aus tralia,' a work now receiving some attention from London reviews, tells a story illustrative of 50 years ago to show the value put on bullock chains : — ?' A native was caught red-handed at sheep-stealing, and taken to the station, so that lie might bo handed over to tho authori ties. They fastened him to a dead tree trunk with a bullock chain. Ono day he kicked the staple from the log, aud, gathering up the Qiliain, got away into the bush ; but the dogs were laid on to his track, and he was run down and brought to bay on a log in the middle of a river, with the ponderous bullock chain still hanging on his arms. When tho station people reached the bank the poor hunted vagrant philosophically wound the chain round his neck and drowned himself. Tho men took some trouble to recover the body, not bccause tho black Spartan deserved at least a grave, but because bullock chains were valuable.' Tho remark has been made (says tho Spectator reviewing Mr. Poulteney Bigelow's ' History of the German Struggle for Liberty') that thero are no women in German history. However, there is Thusnelda, the wife of Arminius, alias Herrmann, who delivered Germany from the Romans ; and there is the beautiful Queen Luiso of Prussia, who helped to deliver her country from the French. Very memorable is her visit to Tilsit, whore she joined King Frederick William in the hope that her plead ings with Napoleon might mitigate the perils impending over her country. Napoleon treated Luiso at first with something of his usual vo) victis, asking if her gown was crape or Lidian gauze, how Prussia had dared to make war on him, and so forth. But her bravo and tactful answers baffled her oppo nent, who, as he himself admitted, was not un impressed by her extraordinary charms. Tbe current versions of the incident of Madgeburg and the rose, and, indeed, of all the Tilsit transactions, aro involved in a nimbus of fable which the present writer takes as he finds it : — ' She pleaded hard for Madgeburg — tho proudest fortress on the Elbe — a town as dear to Prussia as Dover to an Englishman, as West Point to an American, as Quebec to a Canadian. Madgeburg was to Luisc the key of Prussia, and she begged for it with a fer vour that would have gained a, kingdom from any other man. Napoleon, whether honestly or. not, seemed moved, and said, with some show of amiability, ' Tou are asking a great deal — but we shall see.' The words, ' we shall see,' made Luise very happy. . She thought Napoleon had human feelings after all, and she forgave all those who had induced her to make the degrading journey to Tilsit. She did' not know that on the way home that evening Napoleon laughed the matter over with Talleyrand, saying ' that Madgeburg was worth to him a dozen Queens of Prussia.' That night, after dinner, Napoleon sought to play the gallant, and offered her a rose. She looked at it, and was about to decline it. But, recalling the object of her mission, she forced a smile to her lips, and said, ' Let it be at least with Ma'dgobur'g.' To this Napoleon answered by a stare, and words which showed that his politeness lay only on the surface, ' Permit me to remind you, madame, that it is my place to offer and yours to accept.' ' The most interesting statue in the world is the Yenus of Melos — the Yenus without arms, now in the Louvre, Paris. It is inter esting not only because it is a beautiful work of art, but because no clue has been obtained as to who the sculptor was, and no living artists agree as to how the missing arms, if they could be found, would be posed. Mr. W. J. Stillman, in ' Yenus and Apollo in Painting and Sculpture,' tells oyer again tho oft repeated story of tho finding of the Yenus in Melos, an island in tho Greek Archipelego. It was 'concealed in a niche in tli& supporting wall of a terrace, on the hillside overlooking the ancient port of Melos. In 1861 1 visited the island aiid saw the French Consul, Brest, the son of the Consul who obtained it from the peasant who found it, and who himself was present when it was extricated. He showed me the niche which held it, a rudo uneemonted rubble work, scarcely higher than the statue without pedestal, and evidently a niche for a garden seat or a terminus. He said that it had been concealed simply by heaping up stones against it, and that the peasant removing them for building purposes, the pile suddenly slid down, disclosing tho upper part of the statue. The rubbish being removed, the whole statue, excepting the arms, was extricated. There were no arms, arid only a small mutilated terminus, found in the lower part of the niche. The inscription, which on the hypothesis of some connection with the statue has induced certain archasologists to' attribute the statue to an Alexandrian school of art of late date, was not found with it. The datum is too slight, evjen if the in scription had been found near the statue, to establish a school of art, otherwise unknown, as competent to produce a work of such sur passing excellence, but the consul assured me that no relation had existed between the find ing of the inscription and the statue. . The niche formed no part of any architectural work, and W!)S half a mile from the theatro which it has been considered to have belonged to by some critics.' A story of Poe and his poem ' The Raven' is told in the February Forum by Mr. Joel Benton, who got it from William Ross Wal lace, an almost forgotten American poet, the author of ' The sword of Bunker Hill.' Wal lace and Poe read their poems to each other. When' they met ono day — ' Wallace,' said Poe, ' I have just written the greatest poom that over was written.' ' Have you ?' said Wallace. ' That is a fine achievement.' ' Would you liko to hear it P' said Poe. Most certainly,' said Wallace. TliereuponPoebegan to read the verses in his impressive and capti vating way. When lie had finished he turned to Wallace for his approval, when Wallace said, 'Poe — they aro fine; uncommonly fine.' ' Fine !' said Poe, contemptuously. ' Is that all you can say for this poem ? I tell you its the greatest poem that was ever written.' ' To-day,' says Mr. Benton, ' there are critics who say— not knowing Poe's own opinion of ' The Raven' — that it is ' the greatest poem overwritten.' Whether it is or not, it bids fair to be the ono that will be the most and the longest talked about.' Major Arthur Griffiths, in the New Century Review, in an article on the Duke of Welling ton, tells this story In a public ballroom tho duke came across an old soldier friend long lost sight of. To' this kind query whether he, the Duko of Wellington, could bo of any service to this friend, who was on half pay and unprovided with tho monoy so nccessary in tlioso days of peace to purchase advancement, 'Tes, your, grace, you can do me a very great semce,' was the' prompt reply, ' If you will give me your arm across the room, and, appear to take some interest in me, you will make my fortune.' The service was forthwith rendered, an explanation sought. The fact was that the' officer in question was paying his address to a rich widow of the place, who still hesitated to accept him. But she was at the ball, and she saw with her own eyes how greatly her pre tendant was appreciated. This settled the question ; the officer was accepted, married, brought his way back to full pay, rose steadily till he reached the highest hononrs. The Fan tribes in Congo Francais (accord ing to Miss Kingsley, author of ' Travels. in West Africa') have discovered a new argu ment in favour of polygamy, which is that it enables a man to got sufficient to eat. The Fans are atr exceedingly hungry tribe, eating as often as ten times a day. It is . more than ono woman can do to keep her husband supplied with victuals. All the work is done by the women, and it is obviously impossible for one to look after the children, prepare and cook the food, prepare the rubber, carry tho same to the market, fetch the daily supply of water from the stream, cultivate the plantation, &c.; Hence the necessity for many wives : — ' The more wives the less work,' says the African lady ; 'and I have known men who would rather have had one wife and spend the rest of the money on themselves in a civilised way driven into polygamy by tho women.' 