THfOMAS JARVIS'INTERVIEWED. OIn Thulrsday afternoon our representative made.his way to thie humble horne of Sir Thoman s Jarvis, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. lio was discovered nurarng in two.year-old hab'y, and his face declared liln to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and hearing still the marks of a critical ill est, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he wasan invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he" said- " ouil want to know all about my canse Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. 'The facts nay be of value to those who are stricken Is I waoe." " low ;ong were yon suffering?" " ell, twelve monti:s ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Clhiasimua I meoot with nu n accident; I was bladly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accidlent I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual deve'opment of the malady, Iars forceal to give up my billet at the !Glebe Ishad" . W" hat were the symptomns? "Siimply indescribablae. The pains were something terrible. They were just abolmut usa rnuch as I could hear. They were for all the world like an if a saw were cutting my hones in two in every part of me. I had no control over iny iowels or bladder, and was oa nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, ant could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. Ilnwrever, ie gave on onrder to the Director of Chartabllo Ilastitautions." " Did you make ise of the nrdert" " No; I caie honme anad went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever sluces. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a mquestion of days when I would gino up the ghost. .ly doctor wsn attending toe, and did all ho.conjd, by opium and morphia idills, to eoase the agony I was in. I was under hin for five or six weeks. He came to the canalusian that I was sirflering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, oa dloanse of the tpinal cord, charne.' terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and, diflicllty in en.ordinating voluntary move. ments. lie told me that I might last for' tell years, atnd that I 'right never get the ne of mny legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medica-p opinion is ot infollible.) Well, just as ia drowmning lman would grasp at a straw. I grasped at an idea conveyed by trie ndvtrtlsement describing the care effected in the cnse of another boilermaker in England, which I read in the Australian Worlkman, by fDr \'illiaIms' Pink Pills for Pale People. I reald in the advertinosment of a canse.hich seemed to fit my own. I lde terimlned to glie the Pink Pills a trial, any. way, and sent for a box. The effect was ats rmarvellons as it was magical. I was ailo to eat arnd sleep nas though nothing was the matter with ame. It was the first appetite aaid rest I had for many a' day. It was in. credible. I irmeadiately left my bed and was able to move rholut. I have taken four boxes' of Pirk Pills during the past four weeks nian am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about a ith the aid of a stick, and oam gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are peorfectly new, andl ,1 have never used theo . Theoy were made for me hefolore I got the Pink Pills, haut I was too weak to use therm and now I don't want them, All I want is this stick, mn;l I hope soon to do without it. You see I anm rapidly regaining my strength." " le is 100 per cent. lhetter," said Mrse Jarvis, who had comea in and taken the baby on her knees. a" The Pink Pills have saved his life and made another man of hin." A friend Who called in at this point said fhat Jarvis looked n 10 years younger that tdy than he did a fortnight previously. " I'can now." continued Jarris, " have a coldahath, and all the feeling has conme back 'in my legs. If keep on going the way I "am, I hope to be able to rename work as a .hoilermaker, and you know I have to be In the very pink of health and strength to work at that .trade. I am better to-dlny than I have bheet, at any time during the pant five years. - I ascribe all the change anl benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no palp now wiwhat ever, andr feel like a new man.- On the mantelpiece there is a hox of opium and morphlia pills, which'the doctor'gavo ine to leaden.e the excrlciating pain. But they can staay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me thas' -leent aiiazed at t the change ill me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being abshout agait has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this roenarkable history, and it confirms what is said n niall the chief news. papers of this country of the astonishingg entree wm ought by Dr WVilliams' Pink Pills for Pate People. They .cure locnnnrter ataxy, partial paralysis, ahnd epiarl disense, also thie many dlinarlores which amoie froma anr. impoverished stete of the bloold, such as' anaieria, pale anrd eallow coomnplexion, genrorad' imnsoular weakness, irndigeation, nlao of appo. tile, shortness of Irc.ath, pain in ithe back, nervous headache, eto. The arrangenments for the election of a mrember of the Beechworth Mining Board for the Mitta Mitta division are published elsewhere by the returning olfleer (Mr John a 'N,mnara). Cor ryotg, Eskdl.,l, and Talliagatta Ihave on this occasion hoen added to tlhe polling places., atd the poll, which will coulmnence at 9 a tm. and close at 5 p.m., will ihn held on Saturday, the 27thl inst. As has been already stated in these coalu.ns, there are two candi dates, the retiring member (Mr John Rowley) being opposed hay Mar David Bentnett, of Eskdale. It is expected that aI close contest will eventuate. Owing to nn outbreak of scarlet fever in the family of the head teacbe, of the Wodonrga West State School, the school haus been closed for aI month, The recent concert anrd ball at Bethanga in aid of the Rcman Catholic Chapel will show a neact profit of £13 . 10s. 