Facts and Fancies. A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men.—HUDIBRAS. She: "Two weeks from to-day we'll be one." He: "Well, let's be happy while we can." "Was there anything left of the estate after it got through the Courts ?" " Oh, yes, the heirs." Preacher: "The meek shall inherit the earth." Scoffer: " Tea; the graveyards are fnll of them." ' The Japanese say: " A man takes a drink, then the drink takes a drink, and after that the drink takes the man." Agnes: " Well, I want a husband who is easily pleaded." Hand: "Don't worry, dear. That a. the kind you'll get." Era Coy: "What is the marriageablo a.je?" Mias Thirtysmith: " Anywhere between the semi* nary and the cemetery."" A bachelor never drops a button into the eon ' Iribution box at church. He seldom has any buttons that he oan spare. Mary: "Aren't bicycle lamps annoying?" Miriam (vexatiously): "Yes; mine goes out every time I run into anybody." "Johnny,' I hope you are not teaohng that parrot to swear." "No, gran'ma, lam only telling it the words it mustn t say." Wife: " One o'clodk in the morning! A pretty time to come in!" Husband: " Wall, what could I do? All the public-houses ate closed." Judge: " Wero you present when this quarrel first began?" "Yes, your Honour. That wan three years ago. I was one of the guests at their wedding." Mr. Slenderbuild (nattered): "Why, my llttlo man, do you think 1 could tail you a (rood ghost story?" Boy: " Because you look so much like \- a skeleton." j "Why do to many modern writer* seem to prefer notoriety to rsaie?" ** Because a man has to climb for fame; but he can get notoriety by an .> easy tumble." > Willie: Mlfs aUwys in damn place* when • mushrooms grow, Wt it, papa?'r Papa: "Yes, myboy." "Is that the reason they look like um brella*, papa ?" "Did jou ever jet so mad that words failed you?" 'Yes-onca." "When m that?" "Just one- eighth of a second after 1 called a prise-fighter a liar." "There are many more women living than I used to think." "Is that.so?" MYea; before I married I used to think my wife was the only woman in the world." "Who is that young fellow?" "That's Jim Dowling, better known aa * Cannibal"* "Why cannibal ?" " Hie father is a retired missionary, and Jim lives on him." Teacher: "Yon may explain the difference, Mabel, between climate and weather." Mabel: " Climate is what we have all the time, but weather only lasts' a few days." " And is she really the trained singer she claims to be?" "Beyond a doubt. She can sing 'Coming Through the Bye' so that nobody can tell what it is without looking at the programme." Husband: "What did you think when you heard the chandelier f.ill in the night?" Wife: " I thought that you had been detained on ' basi nets' again, and wen getting upstairs aa quietly aayoueoald." Mr. Mann: **For mercy's sake, what are tha ehjtdrev quarrelling; about in the. next room ?' Mrs, Mann: " Their music teacher cams in a few minutes ago, and I-suppoee they are now engaged in the study of harmony." ■ Mr. Bioobumper: "My boy B.nnie is getting to be a gocd artist." Mr. Spatts: "la he?" Mr. Bioobumper: "He drew a picture of a hen which was so tone to nature that when I threw it in my waste- basket it laid there." Bhe (sympathiaingly): " I feel so sorry for the poor tramear conductors. It must be terrible for them to have to be on their feet all day long." He: "Humph I 3hey are not. They're on the passengers' feet more than half the time." There an 360,000 words in the English lan guage, and most of them were used on bunday by a woman who discovered after coming out of church that her brand new hat was adorned with a tag on which was written, •• Reduced to 6a. llld." The new Archttsbop of Canterbury by his sten torian voice won the affections many yean ago of a Devonshire farmer, who waa overheard to say admiringly near tl;e bottom of the church where the then Bishop of Exeter waa preaching, " I do . love the Bishop,'cos he hollers proper." Ah Irishman was one day sent by his master t« purchase • cooking- stove. On reaching the iron* moaner's shop Pat waa greatly surprised at the ; following announcement he saw in the window:— "Buy one of pur patent epoking stoves, and save half the fuel." " Bedad," says Pat," I'll bay two of tAim, and save the whole of it" A tiny child was waiting with her mother at ft railway station, and a little distanes off waa standing a soldier in Highland uniform. The child asked her mother if she might speak to the) soldier; and being questioned aa to why she) wanted to speak to him, she replied, "I want to toll him his stockings an coming down." A tiny girl, 4 years of age, was spending a night away from home. At bedtime she knelt at her hostess's knee to aay her prayers, expecting Urn usual prompting. Finding Mrs. B. unable to help her ou( she concluded thus: " Please, God, 'souse me. I can't remember my prayers, and I'm staying with ft lady that don't know any." Mrs. Poorman: "It has been a hard winter, ma'am. My threegrown girts hare been very. little help to me. The poor things an not strong enough to do washing, and they haven't dothes good enough to apply for any other work." Dis trict Visitor: "But you say they have rich relatives; don't they look alter them?" Mrs, . Poorman (sadly): "Only their nwwA. ■•'«-• only their morale," 