A L,etter from- a Mormon Missionary.. I TO-TIIE READKKS 01'TUB UOWBMI FKEE PTLEBS. Thf. Editor has kindly granted us the opportunity of expressing some of our views and motives through the columns of his paper, which wo ara very thank ful for. No peoplo upon the face of the earth to-day liavo (icon more grossly misrepresented- and lied about than the Church of Jesus Ohri3t of Laltor Day Saints, or more commonly but improperly call ed Mormons. Hence all we wish to put before you are tho plain truths; then you may judge for yout selvos. First, wo will'call your attention to tho meek and' lowly .Jesus of Nazareth with a few poor wo ale, illit erate fishorracn as followers, preaching a doctrine that wan altogether opposed to the popular senti ment of the proud, wealthy Jows. At length the' persecution became so hot that he was erucifiod be tween two malefactors. Why? Hucausp he dare tench a doctrine that was opposed to the popular clamour; because be being a man olaimed to be tho Son of God. His body was put in a tomb with a strong guard to watoh it, for ho had prophesied that bis body would rise the third day; which it did, but tho guards woro bribed to say that his emissaries stole his body, and spread the lying report that he had risen from tho grave; these wero the kind of reports that were afloat among tho people in thoHo days. Now might not Joseph Smith and his followers be in the same position to. day? Joseph Smith stood up and boldly declared to the world that he was a Prophet of God, that he received revelation from Him, that ho was the man whom God chase to stand at the head of the Dis pensation of the Fullness of Times, to bo Prophet, Seer, Revelator, and President thereof; that an angel of God appeared nnto him, and gave him a record of the ancient inhabitants of America, also containing tho Everlasting Gospel as it was taught to tliem by Jesus Christ, and that Peter, James, and John came unto him and Oliver Cowdery in the cap acity of ministering angels, and by the laying on of hands confeired upon them the Alclehis edec Priesthood; and ordained them Apostles and commanded them to preach, baptise, lay on of hands for the gift of tho Holy Ghost, and adminis ter in all other ordinances of the Gospel, which they themselves did in ancient days. This -was too much for mankind, so the same old thing followed which has always followed tho Proph ets of God since the creation of the world. Armed mobs of men rose up, and he was martyred, sealing his testimony with his blood ; and many of his followers mifferrd the same fato. The,y were mobbed, persecuted, driven from their homes, slan dered, and ridiculed until tbey found a resting-place in the valley of the Kocky Mountains, where they have built up many beautiful homes and cities. These persecutions draw ray mind to one of Apostle Paul's sayings: " Yea and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution." Ono thing sure as far as persecution, slander, and ridi cule are evidences of a true church, tho Latter Day Saints can make a. very favorable showing. There is one thing in the belief of the Latter Day Saints which has heretofore attracted agreat deal ofatten tention, that is, their practise of plural marriage. But before making any explanations on the subject, I wish to state that it is neither taught nor praotised now among them. The United States Government passed laws prohibiting the continuance of that principle, and our people being law-abiding citizens, issued a manifesto to abide by the law. The reason it was proctised by some of our peoplo was because it was revealed from God that they should do so, whioh we know was taught and practised by holy men of God in ancient times. Many people revile against it frequently because they ai'O ignorant of its harmony with natural laws, but it ill becomes those who profess a belief in Christianity to say that God ever gave to His children a law that was sinful in its nature or pernicious in its effects. To thus provoke the justice and righteousness of the Almighty is blasphemy. They do not bolieve that its object is the gratification of passion, but th-it such an idea is wicked in its inception and damning in its praotioe. They beliave that a departure from the paths of virtue ;s punishable by the severest I>cnaltises,and that the violation of the marriage cov enant is an offcnce which ranks next to the crime of murder. The testimony of three witnesses of tho Book of Mormon :-"li; it known unto all nations, kindreds, tongues,, and people unto whom this work bhall come, that we, through the grace of God the Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ, have seen the plates which contain this record, which is a record of tho people of Nephi, and also of the Lamanites, their brethren, and also of the people of Jared, who catno from tba power of which hath been spoken ; and we also know that they have been translated by the gift and power of God, for his voice hath declared it nnto us, wherefore wo know of a surety that the work is true. And wo testity that we have scan the engravings which arc on the plains r and'they have been shown unto us by tho power of Go I- an 1 not of man.. And we declare with words of soberness that an-iuigol of did came down from- Heaven, and .ho brought and laid before onr eyes,'that we behold anrl saw the plates; and tho engravings thereon : and we know that it is by tho graco of God tho I Father, and our Lord Jeans Ch'isfc that wo- bwhold arid beat'_ro(iord that those things are true, and., it is marvellous in our eyes, nevertheless tho voice of the Lord aom/miridud us lint wo should bear recoi-d of . it, .wherefore'to he obedient nnto .tho command ments of God we boar testimony of 'these things^. And wo know tlmt if wo oca faithful in OUrist we shall rid our garments*of the blood of all inori, and be found spotless before the judgement seat of Christ, and shall dwell witli him otornally in the heavens. And the honor ba to tho Father, and to- the Son, and to.the Holy Ghost, which. U one God, amen. "Ouvrai CowoEnr. "DAVID Wiiithuh. "Mahtis Hai.ius. . And also the testimony of eight wittesses, " Ba it known unto all nations, kindreds, and people unto who this work shall come, that Joseph-Smith junr., the translator of this work, hatb shown unto ns tho plates of which hath been spoken which have tho ap pearanoe of gold, and as many of the leaves as the sail Smith has translated wo did handle with our hands; and wo also saw tho engravings thereon1, "all of whioh gave tho appearance of ancient work, and of curious workmanship. And this we bear re cord with words of s-ibernoss, that the 8'iid Smith , has-shewn unto us, for .we-havo seen and hefted, and know of a surety that the said Smith has got the plates of whioh wa have spoken. A/id we givo oar names to witness unto the world th vt whiuh wo have seen ; and wo lie not, God bearing witness of it. " ClfAKLKS WlUMEIi, "H'HUM: I'ACri:, " J'AOOB Wnrnrrcit, " Joseph SMITH, Sbn. " pBTHR W-IIITMSIt, JC.W \- " Hyiiuji Smij-ii, " JOHN WiHTMEH, " SAMtrisr, H. Ssiit/i. " These testimonies we have just given are tho testimonies of the record which wa3 given to Joseph Smith by an aagal of God whioh wo have before stated. The following are the articles of our faith . X. We believe in God tho E;orosI Father, and in His Son Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Gho3t. 2\. We believe that men will be punished for thpir own sins, and not for Adam's transgression. 3\. We believe that, through the atonement of Christ, all mankind may lie saved, by obedience to the laws and ordinances of tho Go.ipol. 4\. Wo believe that these ordinances are: First, Faith in-tho Lord Jesus Christ; second, Repent ance; third, Baptism- by immersion for tho re mis.-iion of sins; fourth, laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost. 5\. We believe that a man must be called of God, by " prophecy, and by the laying on of hands," by those who are in authority, to preach the Giospel and administer in the ordinances thereof. G. We believe in the same organization that exis ted in the Primitive Church, viz. : apostles, proph ets, pastors, teachers, evangelists, eta. 7\. We believe in the gift of tongues,, prophecy, revelation, visionB, hoalings, interpretation of tongues, etc. 8\. We believe the Bible to ba the word of God, as far as it is translated correctly ; we also believe the Book of Mormon to be the word of God. 0\. We believe all that God has revealed, all that he does now reveal and we b.:lievo that ho will yet reveal, many great and important things per things pertaining to the Kingdom of God. 10\. We believe in the literal gathering of Israel and in tho restoration of tho ten tribes. That Zion will be built upon the American continent. That Christ will reign personally upqn 'the earth, and that the earth will be- renewed and receive its para disic glory. 11-. Wb claim the privilege of worshipping Al mighty God according to-the dictates of our con science, and allow all men the same privilege, let them worship how, where, or what tho.y may. 12\. We believe in being subject to kings, presi dents, rulers and magistrates, in obeying, honoring and sustaining the law. 13\. We believe in being honest, true chaste, bene volent, virtuous, and in doinu; good to all men ; in deed, we may say that wo follow tho admonition oi Paul, " Wa believe all things, we hope all tilings; " we have endured many things, and hope to be able to enduro all th ings. If ihere is anyihing virtuous, lovely, or of good report, or praiseworthy, we at-ek after these things.-Joseph Smith. A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit. Mat. 7, 18. Further explanations will be given in the Centennial Park, Bowral, next Sunday after noon, Oct. 3rd. ALMA. E. HUBBARD. Win. G. PARK. 