' iraom « Cheek ! — Stop ! yon must not take more than three of the dances. — He (nonchal antly) ; Oh, very well— we will Bit out the others. A Change of Opinion. — Singing Master : Why you have no voice at all!— Singer: Well, but I always pay for my lessons double the amount usually paid by others. — Singing Master : Say that again — your voice sounded much better, I thought. ' Bagged.' — Counsel : Then, my lord, there iB the question of the bags ; whether they were full or half -full, or empty bags. — Judge; Or wind- bags! Masks of Respect- — ' What on earth are those gashes Snarler's got on his face ?' — — ' Oh, those are marks of respect.'— 'Marks of respect ! What do you mean ?' — 4 Why, he's got more respect now for the man who put them there.' Bought It ! — He : What have you got in the box P — She ; Something you want ! — He : What is that ? — She : Good manners. The Missis' Would Oblige. — Philan thropist : I'm sorry to see you in this condi tion, Parker. I'm afraid you'll miss the leo- ture to-night. — Parker : Oh no, I shan't. I'm goin' — shtraightome. He : I've noticed one thing about widow's weeds. — She : What is it ? — He : They seldom interfere with the growth of orange blossoms on the same Boil. Mixed. — Sandhurst : Did you hear that Roberts had lost an eye playing poloP — Hazard: Serve him right. Why didu't he stiok to billiards P Doing Tike. — 1 Siy, Mrs. Murphy, is yer 'usband doin' anything now?' — ' fes, time.' At Windsob. — American Traveller (to waiter at the Blue Stag) : Say, is it trne that you've got a real live ghost here ?— Waiter : Yessir. Believed to be either Cardinal Garnet Wolseley, 'Erne the 'Untsman, Queen Elizabeth, or the late King of the Belgians, /imerioan Traveller : Thanks. Send for the local reporter, if off duty in any oue capacity. He : Didn't you promise to love, honour, and obey me f — She : Heaven only knows what I promised ! I was listening to hear what you promised. She Knew Best- — Prima Donna : Those flowers are not for me. — Conduotor: Yes, they are. — Prima Donna: Well they're not the ones I paid for. Wheeleb (at boarding-house table) : I should like another bit of that steak, please. Mrs, Skinner (surprised) : A second piece, Mr. Wheeler ? Wheeler (apologetioally) : \- Yes : I want it to mend my eyole tyre. 