THE FLbWISY LAUD. ? ??? ? .. ? ' v — . ?- -™ Topsyturveydooi in Excelsis. \^/\/f ' ? . ERE you to stay here much \ /? jSl longer,' said a friend to \/\r jgjr . me in Shanghai, 'you would ? J^\ never write a hook on China.' I had been there a month, and my caustic friend ex plained that a European who paid a month's visit to the Flowery Land always returned home fully con vinced of his ability to write iiy. If he etaye3 longer confusion .overtook him, and the book, as a rule, remained unwritten. I I am inclined now to agree -with my friend. I re- ! mained two months and a half, aad I don't think my book on China will ever see the light. The topsyturveydom is so complete that, as you read the Chinese language backwards, so you must turn yourself upside down to understand the people. When the same word in the language serves for 'yes.' and 'no,' and there are over 50,000 hieroglyphic characters to be learned by heart without aay relation to sound, it will not be I thought surprising that only one European ever ] learned Chinese thoroughly— and he died in a lunatic asylum. Indeed, the study of a country' becomes -obsU ' tively bewildering where the women are trousered and, such at least of them as have feet of a natural size, .are masculine; where the men, with their long plaited queues and bright colored silk petti txaxa, are geajle eves to effeminacy; where not only as a sign of mourning, but in many other ways blMk is white and white is black; and where dinner concludes with soup and bread is abso- I lutely unknown. How can a European think and j fcrm conclusions under such an upheaval of all the customs and habits of his lifetime? ! f^n aT'IPJlsan.d other' such instances of reversal ,' of all Western customs might be given One might gradually get accustomed to the fashion of. staking hands with oneself, instead of with the friend you are glad to meet, but no Englishman could ever, be expected to understand the social condition, under which a lady stands while the gentleman sits dawn, and the former is told how old she looks as a pleasant compliment. And yet Jake SaW^ oa'r *«***ta. tL The feature of Chinese character which most Impresses a foreigner fa its repose. The tntfUng and laboring classes work incessantly fifteen to Bixteen hours a day, seven days a week-there is no Sabbath-but it is all done in a calm, metho dical way, without the slightest bustle or rest lessness^ The Chinese are never in a hurry and the great speed of a railway is naturally abhor rent to a people for centuries accustomed to the slow pace of a sedan chair or a wheelbarrow Except in the immediate neighborhood of' the European settlements, there appear to be no longer any country roads; the needs of the popu lation made roads seem a waste of land that could be utilised for the cultivation of cotton and , rice, and in the parts I visited there was nothing out wheelbarow tracks 'to connect one village with another. The rivers, the Grand Canal, and the creeks supply all the means of communica tion and traffic with the interior, but life in the barges and junks on these waterways afford only another picture of the repose which distinguishes China. Propelled puntwise against the current, or floating lazily with the stream, if nGt blocked for hours by low water or obstructions, thou sands of junks of every description may be seen day by day, the boatmen and their families on board happily ignorant of time-.ables or dates of arrival. Outside the able and impor.jit mercantile community, the people seem to have as vague j ideas of the division of time .' : they have of fractions and decimals. A Cfci. ase who has a special appointment with you fc 11 thinks it is always 11 till it's 12. Speakir;.; of fractions, a Chinese in the diplomatic service once asked me to explain the sixteenth of a mile. He under stood half a mile and a quarter of a mile, but it took me some time to explain an eighth, and af ter twenty minutes' dissertation on the propor tions of a sixteenth, he politely expressed his be lief, that I was right, but .that it would have to be expressed in some otheivw^iy. Glancing rapidly at other felfcares of the Chi nese character, let us take the Question of in tegrity. There are thieves in China as else where, but as the whole system of administra tion is openly based upon a system of fees which ?we should stigmatise as bribery and corruption — a system pervading all quarters from the Tsung li Yamen and Viceregal palaces to the humblest office in .a Taotai's yamen — it would be unfair to contrast our notions of honesty with those of the P-olacHnl TCmniro Nevertheless, in their own way the Celestials are scrupulously honest. A Chinese merchant will move heaven and earth to swindle you in a commercial transaction, but once the bargain is concluded, and his word had been passed, you may rely upon it as you would upon the signa ture of Baron Rothschild. There is. a general consensus of opinion among European traders as to the 'absolute integrity of the Chinese from the j moment a contract is concluded. Take a lower grade of the population. I have often marvelled to see large quantities of bar silver wheeled, open to the public gaze, through the streets of Shanghai by an ordinary coolie en tirely unescorted. Chinese domestic servants are apt to pilfer food from the kitchen, and even trifling articles from the dweling rooms, but oid European residents leave jewellery, bank notes, and silver dollars broadcast about their apart ments, and when I have expressed surprise «t such carelessness, they have assured me that they are never robbed. My own personal expe rience compels me also to bear testimony to the absolute trustworthiness of Chinese servants. Frugality and economy are marked character istics. A Paris chiffonier wojild not find a scrap of paper hi the streets to repay his labor. *-ven the absence of sanitary arrangements, which is so offensive to foreigners, is evidence of scrupul ous economy. The sewage we send to the jsea has for ages been carefully collected by tie Ctaese for agricultural purposes. The imperturbable politeness and amiability of a Chinese is ac companied by & remarkable' command of feature. In an argument or negotiation no amount of re proach or expostulation discomposes him, and a European is always at a loss to know whether ne Is favorably disposed towards, or bent on thwart ing, the object under discussion. Indeed; a Chinese generally looks most pleased -when ne is mo3t hostile. This mildness and benignity of manner is car ried to an excess that renders it a national vice instead cf a virtue. It is, nevertheless, very charming. I have had to undergo the infliction of dicing a la Chinese on many occasions, and the trouble which my' hosts have taken .to study my tastes, overwhelming me for hours with little at tentions, waiting on me themselves with the choi cest' tit-bits, spoiling their own dinner to_ teach me the use of chop-sticks, and above all, excusing my every breach of their punctilious etiquette, sthl weighs heavily both upon, my liver and my conscience. ? This excessive and benignity of manner is car lied to. extreme timidity, of the character of wnich many absurd instances have come under my notice. In October last eleven so-called, pir ates were beheaded in Shanghai. On this occa sion, armed only with our walking-sticks, and abandoned for a moment by our guide and inter preter, who was afraid of being bastinadoed, an Irish gentleman and myself penetrated into the inmost hall cf the Taotai's yamen, in spite of ?what, in the language of a war correspondent, wculd be described as the fierce and stubborn re sistance of 200 fully-armed soldiers and police. After the most violent protestations and gesticu lations, they simply scattered on two sides, bowed humbly to us, as if amazed at our persistency, and we marched through triumphantly to the place -where the criminals were being pinioned. *. On another occasion I rather abruptly accosted a Chinaman, head, and shoulder taller than my self, to ask him' at what spot i»n the Whangpoo Hirer a steamer bound for the Yangtse' ports was lying. There Is nothing terrifying to my ap pearance, but' the shock I .gave him must have shortened his-lile. He fled'like a deer, and never stopped running until he disappeared In the fast deepening gloom of Eastern twilight over the quay., ?'.????. ' ..???' . ' ';. - ? You may often see, grown-up Chinamen walk-, ing together hand-in-hand; as children walk to gether In the aeountry lanes -Jn Enjpiand, and you may -see well-dresSed Chinese faUiers -tenderly carrying their little boys about the' greets with the affecMonate fbnoUinB of an -Sngiish ^mother. I may iiBTe'-f»metiiii^'tb''«^jB:')i^\«MJ*egu«it-' letter about; iiussstor ? worship £nd;fiUal 'piety,.. ' All I new wish to point out is the jBmia, feblldlike -at-: fection; the reposeful happiness, rthat impress a fbreJgner -when lie first comei into Contact with tbe Chinese at iiomei— Spencer-|F*yiKs; in ^T-aily ?? Pok.' ' ' ? ' . ;L^'-'^.ajLl1-- ' ;? . A famous Scotch dean u&edT-oieH; a ghost .story, the clue to-whichis iritiiequesaon; v'Weel, maister ghalet, is thte a. geniral rising/;**: are ye juist taking a daunder feate yer .grave j&y; yeasell ?'::;:_ A story Is told otk chlW -wita^ee in an :Iri& court who was asked *y the Juajepe: -*?u you ^ took a ; *atee -oath,- what wiuld happen ijouS'' He hesi tated, and at last saw: 'X suppose I wooWtft fit my expanses.' ? -'. \ '?'?''£?'??.'''? .' . '?? ?'? . ? 