. Tho witty Amorio.-tn millionaire who. ro- fused to subscribe to u fund for building a wall round a ccinotery on the ground that- those who wore in could not get out, and those who were out did nob want to got in, would have changed his views had lie heard the evidence in the Carlton Polieo Court a few days ago. Michael Rrenuan, caretaker of the Melbourne cemetery, told an nstonislied court that ninch of: his time was taken up in watching per sons — mostly women — who were con tinually desecrating the graves, tearing up tho wreaths which the affection of friends and relatives had placed as a last farewell upon the tombstones, and carrying off ;tlio flowers in . their pockets or in the folds of 'their, umbrellas. Such depreda tions testify to a peculiar combination of morbid sentiment and want of procise ideas as to.. "mourn". and ,,".tumn" .which is more - common to the pottieoated than the trousered half of humanity. Although we no longer. burn old ladies whose chins - sport a- beard as witches, and pills and other patent medicines have to a great < extent taken the place formerly, held by relics, often with abont the same' 1 success, popular . delusions and supersti-; j tions still make" themselves felt 'i in . the, . most civilised comniuni-' -i tics,, and anything, i belonging:'... to. tlio" 'dead' ' Morns .: to " luivov pueuliar attractions for many peoplo. lt is impos sible ro suppose . that tho girls who fore > up the' 'wreath contributed by Lord aiul Lady Rrussoy "to tlio llowors "laid upon Sir Anthony UrownlcssV grave were inspired- -to 'commit sacrilege > by any desire to possess, a souvenir ; of' the late Chancellor of , tho University; or that loyalty urged them to imitate the example of.tlioir English cousins who gathered up '.asipreeious relics the ohkrry stoius ojoctod: from the royal month of tlie Prince of Yiiles. ., Nor is it .likely ;tliat tlioy in-, tended to decorate tlioir own bosoms or tho coats of their young in mi ' with the failed spoils of tho tomb. Yet such pilferers must be actuated by pretty strong motivos, for tho caretaker of the cometory swore that on thoocuasion of Sir William Clarke's funeral the grave had to be watched day and night, and people were caught climb ing over tlie fence at 3 o'clock in tho morn ing. Iik tlie United States the stealing of the corpses of millionaires has becomo a recognised industry ever since the body of A. T._ Stewart, the groat merchant prince, was- successfully exhumed at dead of night, tumbled into .a gutta-percha bag and hold for ransom. Nowadays the tombs of. other famous Americans, like Lincoln; Grant, Vandcrbilt -andrGould, are castel lated --forts, guarded day anil night by armed mu.u. Here, however, the motive for desecration was quite clear, anil poor men need not fear that their eternal rest will bo'disturbud. ,.i- . . , . -Tlie old rcspeet'fcfr 'theVdeiul'.'-niUl Go-'s' ncre , seems, .bqvvovp'r tp'b_Q,|oii. ihe, \\\;qnc,', .Quaint opitnplis'.diaVoi'nlwiiysmexistcclbTiri eburcliyardsi- builidlak'ljetijjfijfcrveilbfoijl tho prusentigcnumiioniausplhe eemefcoi-y.! for advertising-purpo303. 'Evoryoriif khovvs' the old story of the announcement on a tombstone ..that the inconsolable, widow still .carries . on tho business of her deceased greengrocer at lii's former place of - business, and it is , 'gene rally . considered an .amusing canard. Hut in the United- States such . advertise ments are by no means uncommon. In a New York eeinotory is to bo -found the extraordinary "announcement':—" In this "place lies .3. H., who shot himself "with a Colo revolver. Rest weapon ".for, the: desperate."- And close by a haiidsoiuo :. tomb .'awaits its owner with the following inscription " Under " this stone will one ' day repose "John Rolton; at present- lie manages " with great success at No. 1030 -Fifth- " avenue his establishment famed for its ''leather, ware." -A community which when alive takes : this practical view of the possibilities-' 'of 'a cemetery can scarcely hope to have respect paid to its remains when the inevitable day shall 'arrive. The American mind seems to have a tendency to 'treat things generally considered sacred as especially provocativo of niirtli, ami when one reads painted .up in colossal letters in a Pennsylvania!! cemetery, "Drink the " Jones lager bier if you wish to " remain long outside these walls," 110 surprise is felt, to sec, as a French travel ler did, little ' hoys pelting a passing funeral . with snowballs.' The Mahome tans say that fear of approaching death is a European malady, but fear of the dead certainly does not nowadays much troublo tlie emigrated Anglo-Saxon race as it did their more superstitious ancestors, v While the freedom -of. the modern oivi- Used man and woman from tho old fashioned fear of ghosts anil other spirits of the' departed ; is healthy and- welcome as a-sign of the evolution of -the race,- it naturally brings with it :a. lessened respect for the dead. There is a tendency.-, at the same' time, -particularly-.. among woman novelists, to1 resent '-'the - Tcnnysonian doctrine that woman is a .lessor man, anil to" teach -that she is not exactly subject to the snmc law, , as the sterner part 6f l'mmanfty. Some writers crystallise what many people unwittingly believe — ..that, while man is in morals . .bound .. by . .what , tlioy call "the law of duty" women nro guided and controlled by a.laxer but higher code known as " tlie 'law of love." What men would abhor as a lio if uttered by one of tlioinsolv.cs becomes in the mouths of . their., ...sisters .or. swcothcarts an amusing -.film: or a taradiddle.- No one is ; seriously .angry with the woman who calmly describes her five-yoar- old boy as " uiulor .three "...to .-the. railway guard, or fools the -same indignation with a blushing maiden who smuggles a few lace handkerchiefs through the Customs as ho would with tho -Flindcrs-lano merchant detected in a similar delinquency. Indeed, man lins in the course of ages ' encouraged coyness and eaprioo, . with their accom panying petty deceits, in his womankind, as something attractive, until at last the two sexes do not logard a moral problem from exactly tlio same standpoint. This was amusingly illustrated 111 a recent divorce suit, .whan the husband objected ;to bis wife bathing. at public baths. ",We have," said tlio- indignant spouse, -". a porcelain " lined bath tub .at. home, with hot and ".cold-water. on tap, and standard brands "of soap -and sponges that : look like - a " summer , squash, diitl- "she can ' lnivo "ammonia-, to-,- put.;- in., ;tho water " if she wants it. But no— "she,' must go to'.'. , Wasliington "Park anil paddle around with her bare " feet. The thought disgusts mo. " 'The emotional side of woman's nature is also so much inor'e developed and quick to respond to outside stimulus than that of man that .morbid fancies often gain n mastery over her. The attention which women squander on the most . atrocious , criminals;, is . notorious,; and in the SauoSjCpnvictod; murderers ,avo' ovorwhelmeiln.witli'offers-of marriagei'atiiij '' floral tribiitiS!wl"S'o gro'teBtjilW HiistHls' latter .. fad bcctWn fiat' in , ildinjta'/'uii' " Anti-Gaolbird v''FJb\VQrs-sondm- sb;n,Hili>| was introduced ""in" tlio '- 'Legislature ami almost caused a ' riot among tho ailuiirors of the local Deeniings; If wo coinhiua the modern lessened rospcct for the dead -with tho increase in female morbid sentimentality., .the", student of psychology may find soino explanation of tlie curious eccentricity -which will tempt young girls to steal ,a;. few faded flowers and find themselves landed in tho -crimi nals' dock. , ' It is easy to imagine liow some witty Frenchman may mako fun of thirty or forty millions of staid English men going wild with excitement over the turn of a cricket match in Australia. ..'Prom the Queen downwards, wo are told, the British nation waited in breathless expectation as Maclaron and Trqtt skied tlioir half crown for choice of. innings ; and as the cables gave out the, news of tlie English.' nien's .great . scoro there was a . jubila tion in every city, town and hamlet of . the : mother country, as if nnother Waterloo had been , added to the nation's "crowning .'mercies;".: Tlio- question whether the Sydney ground, trustees should linvc postponed tlio. match without consulting the umpires was also a point on which the nation rose and. expressed itself emphatically. on both sides of the. world. Half the Press of England wrote indignant leaders upon if/-" and English diplomatists gavo their judgments on the momentous issue. with r'aAlfull ; sense of its vital importance toXthe national life. Fri- \- - - - x volous. people... may 'affect to puss these questions by with a contemptuous shrug, -' but tho populace at large knows bettor. If by any misfortune Trott's cloven were to beat Stoddart's in throe out of the five - test niatuhcs", wlior'o would bo England's : vaunted supvomacyj And what would be tlio pride' of belonging to a' nation that could bo. beaten by its own cliihlren at its r national pnstiiuu 1 Pessimists have written .enough, mid too. much, . about Eng. . lisli decadence. But what English subject, from the tPrineo. of Wales to" the '» youngest potboy, .who would not toel his " stature shorn.- of a 'cubit, should Stoddart - have to go'bnek crestfallen without " those i ". ashes" ! The times are- big with fate, A and every turn and circumstance in such a match as tlmt just concluded in Sydney " must, be .watched jealously in tlio interests' of a. nation's honor. v And who can doubt that tho Australians 'r are equally alive to tho crisis which lias ' arisen in tlioir history ? Did not thousands of staidanil sober citizens grow hotter even ' than the record hot day when M'Lcod lost: his wicket to a pieeo' of elcvor jo.-keyiti"? : If wo needed any further evidence as=to; tlie momentous issues which;' in tlio popular judgment, hang upon these five , tost, matches, wo liavo is in. the crowds which blouked Collins-street while the'' sun stood a; 153 degrees of temperature, '= sighing, cheering and groaning by turns1 as the telegraph hoard- revealed-' the varying fortunos of. the game. The'; piper iu the Indian pass, who, being shot? through both-. logs, sat up to play the; j pibroch in ordor to give his comrades tho: ' last luorsol of ' musical, encouragement-' I before ho fainted, scarcely evinced mord- I fortitude than,, did '.those Collins-street' crowds, pnrchcil- with the broatli of a'j ifurious simoom, and frizzling under the' I fervor of a merciless sun,- in order to gloan 1 the, latest scraps of intelligence from the" I Sydney field of battle. .- J -AU this, as we said; may appear to tlio' l foreigner who does not understand hs to"! have in it a touch of the comical; Thatf! two ends of the world should1. simultaneously' 1 hold their brcutli in suspense anil excite-- I mout as to. which, of two elevens can- I manage most frequently . to hit- a leather; ball over the grass and most dexterously- I to prevent it -from touching one. of throe - ' upright sticks sot in the turf, would': prove of itself, if there wore no other' proof, that " men -are but children'-- "of. a larger growth." All the- world is not merely a stage,' but .a play- - ground. War itself is but a grisly game in which men play at murder, often only" for "an idea" of .what- they call glory, : The statesman is playing a. game always,-:- sometimes . trying" to circumvent God," and .always .finding his strategy more or loss overruled by unforeseen contingencies, ; It may be gravely questioned whether his : operations ovor bring to his people us much of enjoyment as Stoddart's team of crick eters brings to Urcat Britain. ' The wliolo matter hinges on tho relative sizes of things. Tho soldier generally considers - his game of nil others tho most important. Ho spends . £200,000,000 every year iu 1 splendid uniforms, -..and ..great engines oi- destruction, . under, .the -, plea., of,. defending his country, -which bub for sucli-as lie would need no - defence. - Ho is .. possible only because us yet .the l-aco lias not emerged from barbarism... Tlio monarch, the diplomatist, the m'oi'ohaiit, tho lawyer,' the party politician arc all playing their games-; anil each, absorbed in his particular- schemes, is apt to think his own game the greatest, and frequently' -< to regard his neighbor's as tho most con- j tcmpbiblc. But who is to judge of these things? Wo liavo. nonstandard by menus I of .which . they may., beoxaotly gauged. Certain it "is th schqines'wliioli'- loom - largely in men's jUyeV, oii'e year ara often seen to bo but foolishness the next; - Even the greatest struggles of a Gnvour, an Antonelli und a Bcust, looked back upon iu a few short . years, are seen to have had -bub an infinitesimal effect in promoting the .-progress and liappinoss of mankind. Even the wide-reaching statecraft of a Bis- miirck, summed up at the end of a couple of. decades, lias not made one single German a wiser or a happier or a more ; contented man. It lias altered the basis of international politics, a - little, but lins left the fortunes qf ctho-.average .subject ' almost exactly as it found it, pins a little more taxation perhaps. . Before, then, wo give -ourselvos rein to smile too super ciliously over the apparently trivial character of this international cricket cu- -. thusiiism, we might do worse than compare its iulluence for good or evil on the race with tlmt of obhor issues quite ns empty for ultimate good, and certainly more produc tive of imincdiato evil. Enthusiasm was never without its uses,, nnd.- when wo see fifty millions of peoplo able to work up a ; genuine excitement ovor tlio championship : of the cricket .field, is is a healthy sign that a national stimulant lias been found which, even though its votarius got drunk upon it, as they sometimes do, leaves no- dangerous effects behind — no headache in the morning. .. - 