'On Days of Indolence.' By Mabel Scott. frizzle, frizzle, coals and ashes ; Drizzle, drizzle, tears and rain ; Only one more day to follow, Only one more pain. — Mauri. AxintF.ws. It is glorious to be idle, to sit upon a newly cut rod gum stump and trace Ihe darker lines upon ilie red, to feel the cool slim leaves brush your fate, to watch the parrots sucking honey from the gum-flowers overhead, to pluck long: glasses only to throw them away again, to watch the festoous of scarlet peas with untold impossibilities, lo make baskets out of the light greeu lichen to leave them behind where you made ihem. There in a crumininess about the sunlight that tempts one to paint. What fools some are not to see the brusbmarks of Nature ! Hope forsook me. I buried my paint-box one day ; it will never tempt me to again disgrace painting. It is lying under the barley in the little paddock by the garden with a motto (that makes me blush) upon the lid — it is so confident of success. Over a bracken-covered hill a sapling is waving when all the rest are motionless. I know what it is, and am waiting to hear the crack. It is an old bwagsman trying to break tome fire wood. He has no axe, so he puts the stick through the fork of the tree and breaks it that ?way. He has broken it at last, and hundreds of birds have heeu startled with the noise. They are flying overhead — millions of red and green screeching parrots ; and as they fly just for one moment a shadowy sheet is thrown over my head. Away up the hill it races like a purple ghost on the crumbly gold, and is waved up the hill with the grass until it is lost where the two hills fold. That shadow could pass — are there more lasting shadows in this life for me ': The water is grey even under the blue sky. Is my life 'i The white road creeps like a snake under the burning sun. A lazy old wallop in his new skin is putting his tongue out at me ; further off an impudent jew lizzard with his head cocked to one side suns himtelf. The only busy things are the ants, and ihe larrikin honey -eaters are chasing a crow — a lot he cares about them. Far in the middle of the lake two black 6waus are floating with the water. Asleep, with heads under their wings, they look like little boats. The breath of Nature is blue upon the distant trees, and the heat-wave flits unceasingly across the grass like a never-ending mirage. Idle, glorious life ! How long ?will it last ? I cried once all day when I got to be too old to wear short dresses, when I was no longer allowed to run and jump the tussocks with one stocking hanging over my boot hunting kangaroo-rats. Will I cry when I may dream no more in sun bonnet, when this world will be mine no more ? Will some other world come between me and ? Oh ! let me forget the future. A cloud of sand is falling with a splash into the water. At first I thought it was frogs. It must be Larry scratching a rabbit-hole out behind that young red-gum sucker. Over the top of the scrub the hut chimney is grey. The swagman has lighted his fire ; I can Bee the smoke coming out in faint puffs as if he were fanning with his hat. The incessant croak ing of frogs over in the box-flat tells of a lonely swamp where the swans love to lay. Should you creep down there as tbe sun goes down, you may sc3 them and many mountain duck pluming them selves among the rushes. It is a miniature landscape, and has a bend in the swamp with a bank overgrown with the greyest of young gums. There are many old stumps and logs in the foreground, and Lrown rushes. You may nearly always see a mountain duck standing on a foreground log with head under his wing ; always cranes in the water. In the middle distance on the other side there is a bank with ti-trecs growing upon it, and as your eye follows the broken swamp it lights upon the distaut row of trees, purple in the shade, with just the faintest mistiness about the trunks. There is a ball of wool in the sky, one solitary ppot of floating white. What a bold artist it would take to put that in properly. He would be bold to think of painting it at all, for the blue is so dense and the cloud so white it would not be at all satisfactory to paint it as it is. Nature is a silent teacher. Her methods are examples only. Look at her works with half closed eyes and you will find untold wealth for your owti benefit. The dewdrops will be pearls, the sunlight gold, and the shadows in their many tones — what must they be but silks and velvets ? Then as the distance declines she throws a veil upon the rest — a veil of tenderest blue until it meetB ihe sky. As I watch the bushmarks of Nature there is one regret— the regret of having, in a fit of despair, buried my paint-box. Perhaps that despair meant improvement. I may have just been taught to snub myself. Nature is so much grander than those weak daubs — how could I deceive myself ? What a grand gift it would be if one's mind could float away and take a bird's-eye view of life without hearing the noise. To only regard the gestures and works looking down upon them from a great height. This distance and loneliness is like a great elastic wall. It will bend and bend, but you can never see beyond it— never see what your fellows are doing. Nature is a noble teacher— a broad teacher ; but Bhe can never tell you where you are in error— man must do that. Stray leaves fall upon this as I write. It is sealed with fresh air ; even though I endeavour to put bite of landscape into it I will never succeed. The smell of the grasB is wanting, the cries of the birds, the rustle of the leaves — all must be left behind. Only my own weak words remain. A wire in the fence is vibrating. A dog must have jumped through a long way up, for the vibration is faint ; and it must be on this side of the horsc-paddook gate — a little dog, because it has gone through tne second last wire. Who couH help frowning, for I know whose dog it must be. The old tortoise in the water wonders why. Throw that stone at him— nasty, ugly, smelling thing ; let him move away. Larry has given up scratchiug at the#burrow, and has gone into the water to cool himself. He hears a sound and pricks his ears. Somebody is coming. Yes, the gate is squeaking on its hinges, the catch has fallen, the hush, hush, hush of tie sand tells that a rider is coming along at a walk. He must have seen the top of my suubonnet. He has left the road and is brushing through the rushes. He is dismounting, I know, although I do not turn my head. '* Asleep r ' said a rather rough voice. ' Is it you, Blunt Brag ? I thought so,' said I. ' Are you going to kco Bob r lie's up at the woolshed.' ' No. I've come to see you. Dreaming, as usual.' And Blunt took a *e.i upou the bank. Blunt Brag is ouly a nickname. ' It's lovely to dream, isn't it ': Especially on such glorious days.' 'Oh, yes, when there's nothing else to do. Why aren't you painting r I saw that brute of a thing the other day of youre, and I don't think much of it. It isn't half finished, and the colours are all wrong.' ' What a critic you are ; you never give me hope.' ' There's none to give. You'll never be any thing. Nobody likes your work.' ' I don't work for the majority.' . ' You'll fiud no minority, then.' ' You are very severe. Yet I'd ratl er have you speak like that than give fiilse praise.' ' Oh, I see, theu, it does not hurt you.' ' No, it does me good. I'm like a cork — hard to keep under Me water. You know nothing about what you are talking, ho praise from you would make me feel hopeless indeed. But should anyone with brains come along and condemn my methods, then truly would I feel despair. But have you any news ? ' ' Yes ; that you're mad ! Do you know why Duncan Mac followed you about all race day ? It was to Gnd out if you were mad.1' ' Why did you not come near me that day \ ' I asked. ' Because I couldn't get a show. But I've come to say good-bye. I'm going to lenve this dead-aud-alive place. I'm going to Western Australia.' ' To make your fortune \ Now, that's a sensible thing to do. Really I am glad, Blunt.' ' I thought as much.' Andhe looked over the water towards the solitary wild duck that floated along asleep. ' I didn't mean it in that way, Blunt. Really, you must know it-is thin way, that it will be ko much better than loafing about your place domg nothing. Of course I will be sorry. I wi'l niis.8 vou. What will I do without you ? ' ' You'll have to do the best you can.' Then, after fumbling in hi;- pocket he brought out a book, the autobiography of one of England's finest authors. ' Here, I've brought this for you,' he .--aid in a gr.ift' voice. It's a very good book.' We sat talking for some tune until the shadows grew long and thin. Then Blunt said : ' Get off this damp place. How long have you been sitting here ? Go home.' We walked homewards without many words. Suddenly, during a long siletce, Blunt paid : ' What may happen when I make my fortune ?' ' I'm sure I caunnt tell, uot being a prophet.' ' Just what I thought. You've a heart like a 6toue ; you're as cold as one.' ' You're enough to make me dislike you,' said I, with my sunbonnet hanging on my neck. ' I think I hate you.'' ' We hate each other ; yet I cannot live away fiom you.' He stopped and laid his arms upon the horse's neck, then bent his face upou them. ' Sometimes I feel I could kill you.' 11 But, Blunt, we are so young. You are only a boy still.' I tried to turn his face from his arms, but just as well try to move a stone, so muscular did he feel. When he did look up, the veins stood out on his forehead, and something like tears were in his eyes. ' You're as cold-blooded as a fish — how hot it is — I hate summer.*' He looked so heated aud distressed I felt sorry for him. ' Do you feel very ill, Biutt I-1 Are you suffer ing very much 'r ' I put my hand on bis arm. Blunt drew a longbreatb, then gently removed my hand. I coidd feel his tremble. ' For God's sake don't touch me ! Stupid '. ' he said. ' Wrhat a horrid creature you arc ! ' He began to frighten me. He did not look at me, but leant against the horse staring over the lake, and ignored my speech. Theu he suddenly caught my hand and said : ' Why don't you go home ? You don't know how mad you are. You never could get away from me, could you r Eh, could you r ' ' Don't, Blunt. Let me go.' ' No ; you are powerless. You're like a soft piece of wool ; you're as weak as a kitten. You needn't look so scared ; I won't hurt you.' His blood-shot eyes looked into mine. All of a sudden the truth rushed upon me — Blunt must be mad ! ' You must not come any further, Blunt,' I said. ' You're not safe.' ' Go, you cold white creature !' he said, as he mounted his grey horse. ' Somewhere in the future you will hear of me ; then it will be your time to weep. Just one kind word from, you would keep me here a better man. You know you are driving me away without the prospects that give other fellows hope to spur them on to work — some one to work for. Yret such is fate.' Without anather word he galloped away, and I turned home sick at heart, seeing the red brick homestead but dimly through my tears. (To be continued./ 