? (From our Correspondent.) . T LONDON, May 21. The calamity which overtook the charity bazaar in Paris was, of coarse, of. a character calculated to make a powerful appeal to the benevolent. Few. however, , looked for such a response as has been generally made. Upwards of " £60,000 has been already received as the reisult of the appeal made by the " Figaro." Among the subscribers there is one anonymous donor who has given 937,438f. It Is satisfactory to learn that the b«tteficiaries of the various charities will not suffer by the disaster, and the readiness with which financial aid has been obtained is not only a proof of the generosity of the French public, but sAso of its resources. The catastrophe will not have been jjiinout its uses if it leads to the adoption of -precautions against such occurrences at bazaars, fetes, exhibitions, and similar attractions to which sightseeing crowds gaihg?. People are diseasing the curious coincidence that the occnrrenca of a catastrophe in Paris should have been, predicted in various almanacs, and now it transpires that just a twelvemonth ' ago Mdile Couedon delivered herself of a . similar prophecy at a soiree given by the Comtesse Urbain de Maille. About a hundred - guests were present, and after replying to various. questions, Mdlle Couedon spoke of a conflagration which would affect the highest circles, the Faubourg Saint^Germain being particularly smitten. No x>ne, however, who was at the party would be hurt. '' Even you will scarcely feel it, and only in an indirect manner," she added, turning to. M. Urbain de Maille, who has lost in the fire a distant connection with whom he was barely acquainted. But the strangest part of it all is that not one of the persons who were at that soiree has been injured. It may also be remembered that at the time of the cyclones last .summer Mdlle C-ouedon predicted that flames would fall .on the Champs Elysees. London publicans have been known to refuse to serve soldiers for no otber reason than that they wore the Queen's uniform. There are, unfortunately,publichouse proprietors in the provinces who are equally unpatriotic, and one, who owned a place in Glasgow, created an immense amount of local indignation by declining m.. one night to serve several privates and non-coinmissioned officers of the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, as well as some men of the Army Medical Corps, all of whom were perfectly sober at the time. The only excuse ••• he vouchsafed was that on some previons occasion some men belonging to, the same regiment had -created a disturbance in his bar, and had to be ejected. The sequel'to the incident is interesting, and : should be a lesson to publicans in • London and elsewhere who feel dispose! to adopt the same tactics. Lieutenant- ' Colonel Hannay, commander of the regifffetat, has received from the wine merchant in question a full and ample apology for his discreditable action. He assures the colonel that he intended no disrespect to Her Majesty's uniform, '"which he'had the honor to wear at one. time himself, and he hopes the. colonel mil overlook the unpleasant misunderstanding. Colonel Hannay has accepted this apdlogy, and has countermanded the regimental order which' placed .. the public house in question " out,of bounds." This "Consular Journal," of ;which >the first number will appear this week, promises to be a useful adjunct to the reports futinshed by our Consuls abroad,! these documents heing too often passedunheeded as containing .nothing gave statistics. One item which is mentioned in the new oygAn shows the necessity ot English capitalists preventing the cattle trade of Queensland passing into the; bands of Americans. At present the tiitiied meat business is almost exclu-; si^ely; worlred I>y Chicago speculators. "Their best customer is, o? course,^ England. But the price of live cattle in Chicago is gradually rising, and dealers there have to pay £10 to^lz for oxen- which in Queensland can he had for £4 .each. Americans "already making inquiries respecting the est&blisftmfeni; of- tinned meat depots our Australian colony, WTMCIJ, it .Is • hardly necessary to add, they desire W exploit for the benefit of Chicago, If \- British capitalists are alive to their own interests they may get the centre-of ihis \- vast industry - transferred from Lake Michigan to the shores of Australia. ThejJatron Saint of the fishermanis* as everyone knows,, St. Peter; of the gardener, St Fiacre; of .those who. follow tbe pleasnres of the chase St Hubert; of the tramp, St Julian the Hospitdef an( ,St Christopher. For some>ime cypHsti have been casting about for a titular patron, but they have met with no little difficulty in ^associating any Saint witl L this modem mothod of loOpi^otiisnu However, the majority have fixed"upon -St Catherine of -Alexandria, whom sacred'art represents in association witl. aded for her [miraculously ieeutors. A , the Saini , wheel she think of the,bicyclist in re - Relist travels upon a wheel, H SotSotte to history. _ It quoteB story, toid a few days ago to »n American playwright by Sir Henry Irving: The first time the Baron-ss ^^rn^b -i^&ouftlv;' -iwsr; • -.W Louis > • i r o m Firace living ip England: shewas on the arm of the fstiious Duke of Wellington at Willis's St James' \- Square. It may he remarked that the 'J^pbiil^' a senSfi&a;^'Jbr the f^unglady upon hie arm somewhat deeper than she could reciprocate. They were excellent friends, at any rate. As a young foreigner passed them in the throng, the Duke informed his companion that " the rather handsome " stranger was Bonaparte's nephew. , Begarding him attentively for a moment, Miss Coutts turned to the Duke with the question, " Does he look much like his uncle ? " The Duke smiled as he answered, I never saw Napoleon." " Never saw him 1 How strange!" "I did look through a glass on the battlefield at a grey figureon horseback that they told me was Napoleon, but I could see only indistinctly." And as the popular song might say, he never saw that grey thing twice But what does Dame History say ? Mr Bart Kennedy, whose volume of Stories entitled " Darab's Wine-Cup " as just been issued by Mr Ollif, is still h young man, but he has had a series of Experiences, singular and strenuous, in many parts of the world. He has been jailor, opera-singer, gold-prospector, newspaper correspondent, and a- dozen Other things. He has starved and jfeasted in the Mew World and the Old. About a decade ago he was gold-seeking BritishGolumbia, having gone over the Pacific from Yokohama in a tea-ship bound for Vancouver. At one time in this period, armed' to the teeth, jhe and four other sailor's went up into the country of the Chilkats. Three^went Jdosn tinder Chilkats knives? but, after stiff, hand- to-hand fighting, Mr Kenjnedy and ia half-dead comrade got back Fort Moody. His operatic experiences were mainly in San Francisco. For the past. couple of years he has been in London devoting himself mainly to story writing, following;his own lines and his own moods with a serene indifference to the "vogue" and schools" about him. For the rest, to quote a large type head-line of an American sub-editor, "Story Writer Kennedv has Grit." It seems late in the day for a new theory to arise concerning the shape of the earth. We' have outlived—with the exception of an individual " crank" here and there—the belief that it is £lat._ Papal fiats have not -prevented us from discovering antipodes, and' every child now is familiar with the fact that the earth is a globe flattened at its two ends like an orange. A writer in "La Mature," however, is not satisfied with this conception. He has been looking out' for something to explain a discrepancy between the calculations Of astrondmers and geodesists as to the precise ratio of the flattening. One ces it a two-hundred-and-ninetyseventh, the other a two-hundred-andninety-fourth. There must be some reason for this, and M. de Lapparent finds it in Mansen's discovery of a deep Polar basing The Morth Polar basin, he says, corresponds in area to Boss's South Polar continent. Hansen's soundings, moreover, are of the same order as Ross's calculations for altitude. M. de Lapparent is, however, inclined to believe that the earth is shaped like a top, with its broad flat end at the North Pole, and its point at the South. The fact that geodesists have taken all their observations at the North would account for their obtaining too high a ratio for the flattening. Nothing is more remarkable in the history of modern Nationalist politics than the extraordinary transitoriness of a patriot's prestige j One day be is. a demi-god, or at least a stainless martyr; the next he is a cock-shy, a blatherskite, orabosthoon. Perhaps the most notorious example of the patriot's decline and fall is furnished by Mr William O'Brien, bnt he is run pretty hard in- this respect by the once-illustrioue Mr John Daly. When Mr Daly was released from his dungeon he lost no timein running .the amnesty business for all it was worth. As, however, the results have lamentably failed to answer his expectations, the great man has vast about him for an explanation of this phenomenon, andhas found it in the lack ,of enlightenment shown by the priests and the treachery of the Parliamentarians. The latter ".have been, talking Pfurliamentary bombast. . . Twenty- four.Natijnalist members were absent from the last Parliamentary division upon the question, among the number being one of the released prisoners." The result of this bold onslaught has been that the " Nation" and the ^VMunster News" have solemnly de-canonised the matyr. He has been plainly told that the sooner he retires from the business and quits the stump the better it would be for Ireland, since he is -doing more harm than good." Furthermore, "it does not lie in . the mouth of Mr Daly, or of; any. other man, to impagn-*$he patriotism or- the uprightness of the Irish clergy." And to think that only a few months ago Mr Daly was hailed with torchlight procession, brass bands, and deputa tions! The Lazes, from whom the Sultat. proposes to draw the crews of his privateers, should he really resort to this 'expedient, belong to the Georgian group of" nations (Georgians, Mingrelians^ Lazes, and Suanetes), all of whom arf dwellers in the Caucasus. Their home, Lazistan, is a narrow strip, between th£ hills and the coast, in the extreme south-east of the Black Sea, extending from Trebizond to a little north of Batoum. It is 'thus a part of ancient Colchis. The northernmost part of Lazistan is now Russian. Three centuries ago the Lazes - were all Christians. : Wider pressure they have, almost to a - man, become Mahommedans, or of no religio at all. They are fine wellp l ogt h Miss Flora L. Shaw,, whose name i^ •cropping up so frequently in connection with the South Africa Inquiry, is the head of the colonial department , of the " Times." She has gone x>n speciai commissions lor her Printing Housesquare Mend to South Africa and Australia. Nineteen years ago she published " Castlfe Blair," and has since come out in the book-world with "Hector,' story for the young person, "A Sei Change," "Colonel Cheswick's Cam paigh," and "Letters from Queensland. Miss Shaw is the niece of Sir Eyr£ built fellows, have always had the reputation of being first-class seamen, and supply a large number of sailors to the small coasting traders. They must not be confounded with the Lezgians, an entirely different race of the Eastern Caucasus, celebrated for their wai^feke character, but also for their cruelty and their brigandage, who in 1856—1858 were troublesome to Russia under their leader Shamyl. Privateering was abolished by the agreement of all the European nations, excepting Spain, by the Declaration of Paris of 1856. But that a nation with a weak navy might be tempted to revert to the practice against an enemy whose commerce wa * important has always appeared possible. The question whether the Due d'Aumale was ever secretly married is (says the " Daily Chronicle " Paris correspondent) made delicate and complex by the fact that the lady in the case is still living. The double fact that her residence is upon the Chantilly Domain and that she has always been admitted to the inner circle of family intimacy leads to the conjecture that the ramor is undoubtedly true. Like the Princess Dolgorouki, the morganatic widow Of Alexander II., and the Countess Mirafiores, the wife of Victor Emanuel, the seeond wife of the heir, of the Condes, known as the Countess Berthe de Clinchant — though for various reasons not taking the title of Duchess —was raised to the exalted grade of " La Croix Etoilee " by the Emperor of Austria. It is virtually impossible, of course, that this would have been done had the marriage not been thoroughly regular. Her refinements ^and artistic tastes are of the highest order, and she often discreetly shared the literary work of the Duke. The marriage is believed to have been privately celebrated in the chapel of a cardinal in Home. A curious story of the late Duchesse d'Alegon is told by M. Benjamin Constant, the French artist. The Royal stall- holder at the Charity Bazaar solicited the artist for a sketch to adorn her stall. He was racking his brain for "a subject when a model was announced —a country girl, who sat with her head to one side, and with her hands behind her leaned back upon a pole. The pose was such as to make the artist exclaim: " What a Joan of Arc at the stake." He painted the picture, and was returning to the Duchesse d'Alengon with it next day when he learned that she had lost her life in the awful fire. The artist believes that in painting the martyrdom of Joan of Arc his pencil was guided by an unseen hand. In an article the Paris " Soleil" points out that Germany is endeavoring to involve France in a struggle against Great Britain. She wants to fight for the King of Prussia," the journal remarks—a play upon words, fighting for the King of Prussia in the French idiom meaning fighting without benefit—" But it must not be forgotten that Great Britain is our best customer. 'Germany forces her industrial trash upon us, and requires none of our products in return. Bussia is very fond of as, but closes her frontier to our products. Great Britain, whether sympathetic or no, buys from us each year 600,000,000f. of goods more than she sells to These600,000,000f. are so much profit to France, not taking into acc6unt the money spent in our country by the thousands of English visitors. Great Britain is our last serious customer, and our means do not permit us to show her the door in order to please William the Second." 1: . The " Soleil," in conclusion, says that although it regards an entente cordjale between France and Great Britain as yet there is a wide margin between an entente cordiale and war. Mr John Redmond's recent heroics at the Rotunda, Dublin, when he declared that he and his colleagues would fight to the death in Parliament against the /estimates, were somewhat ignominiously belied by the sequel. For on the first oc&asion; on which the subject came on, Mr Redmond paired, and was absent. Hence the epigram in this week's " Nation," headed " Singles and Pairs':— One hope, one aim, one motive prompts John Bedmond, we are told; His heart holds one ambition—he'd prO' mote his island's glory: So his singleness of purpose, we suppose, we . me may behold, when we find him at St. Stephen's gaily " pairing" with a Tory. Mr Patrick MacDermott, M.P., the how famous Parliamentarian who spoke in the House to what seemed Mr T. P. O'Connor one evening when the member for the Scotland Division of Liverpoor was as far off as Ireland, was for merly a Galway farmer. He is 38, represents North Kilkenny, studies.law. is an unassuming, genial, good-natured ersonality, and, one would say, the aist person in the world to be the victim f a delusion of any kind. Yet the' host story which he told in the Lobby to, Mr Browne, one of Mr O'Connor's late assistants on the "Weekly Sun,* as not escaped levity of treatment in Irish quarters. O, Patrick M'Dermott, M.P., Faith, y^r notions are weird afther tea, What you towled MiBther Browne Has brought terror to town, And I'm scared by that ghost o' " T.P. l 1 In the kind Connaught " brogue" did it speak ? ^ Or, perhaps, for the moment, 'twas Greek Something more did it know Of Napoleon or " Joe ?" Did it sigh like " A Book of the Week 1" But, Patrick M'Dermott, me dear 4 Sure, this is the Jubilee Year, And 'tis fltting, no doubt, That there's visions about, And wonders, and things quaint and queer. .So, Patrick "M'Dermott, M.P., When the " boys"—you know whom— laugh in glee At that story you towld Till me own blood ran eowld, Faith, they're killing the soft heart in me Galtee More, who won the Two Thousand Guineas and Derby, walked in the paddock clothed in Mr Gubbins" colors. It is a pity more owners do not study the convenience of the public in this direction, as it enables paddock critics to recognise horses, and saves the lad in charge a large amount of trouble in answering questions. | setose inferior brands. Take JJBSTLBS'fli3 Buy TOUT Timber and Building Material from IiOUIS SDLLIVAN AS® CO. Cheaper than elsewhere. 