SHORT STORIES. THE CARBUNCLE RING. Winstone had made his fortune out of an opal property he dropped into up) north, and one evening as we sat in his cosy smoking-room after dinner the subject turned upon the ill-luck supposed to attach to the stone. "All tommy-rot," said our host. "What. kind of bad luck did opals bring me? Fifty-two thousand in four years. 1 dare say you could do with some of the same kind of ill-luck yourselves." Why," he added, "I'll bet that this car buncle (holding up a fine ring he always wore) brought more bad luck to its former possessor than any opal ever polished." Being in a gossipy mood, very little urging induced him to recount the following story: "You all know," he commenced, "that for years I knocked about the country droving and cattle-dealing. WVell, 1 had been out south-west with a mob, and after delivering them dis charged my two men, and started back across country alone, stop ping here and there with my eyes open for fresh purchases. I got back as far as the granite ridges along Burragorang way, and was mak ing across to Wanganderry, just be hind High Range. It was a miserable ride up and down through the wild gullies and spurs, and on the day I speak of it was nothing but drizzle, drizzle, drizzle all the time; a dull grey sky overhead, and the trees and bushes weeping and dripping eternally-not a bird twittered- everything wet and gloomy. At sundown (1 hadn't seen the sun all day) I came to a deep gully with tle bush running up on both sides in a thick mass. On my left the bed ended abruptly in a regular precipice, at the foot of which was a huge pile of rocks and boulders dis placed from the face of the cliff, while to my right the scrubby, narrow bottom wound away out of sight among the ranges. A stony bridle track led down the ridge, across the bottom some fifty yards from the boulders, and then up the other side, and as I rode down I had all I knew to keep mj' tired horse from rolling over with me. "It was almost dark-the damp, muggy, depressing gloom of a wet night in the bush-and 1 kicked up my horse to get out of the gully as fast as I could, but as we began to climb the other side I heard, or thought I heard, a movement among the boulders, and looked round. From the tail of the heap came the figure of an old man walking stiffly and with head bent down, and, so far as I could judge in the bad light, dressed in an old soft felt hat, flannel shirt, and mole skin trousers. I was astonished at seeing the old fellow there, twenty miles from the nearest homestead, in such weather, and pulled up to speak to him. As he shuffled noiselessly down the bed of the gully, without ap parently noticing me, I called after him 'Good night, mate!' He took no notice, and I turned my horse to watch him, but as soon as the animal saw him it began to snort and back up the hill, while 1 experienced a creepy sort of sensation along my spine. How ever, I wouldn't be 'done,' so spurred after, him, digging in the hooks like fury to make the. horse move, but the animal bolted at every few yards, snorted, and tried to wheel, so that before I could overtake the man lie had disappeared. I now found that there was an almost obliterated path through the scrub in the, bed of the gully, and, believing that it led to some selector's humpy where I might put up for the night jumped off my horse and led him along it, not with out considerable trouble, for the brute tried all ways to clear out. By-and by the path took the side of the ridge, up which it travelled obliquely, and I could just make out-for it was quite dark now-- where it rounded the shoulder of a spur ahead of me. "1 tell you it was pretty wretched dragging the unwilling brute up that track, the black, wet bush on every side, the grey skeletons of dead timber rising here and there like, ghosts around you -and there, at the elbow, stood the old man beckoning. I shouted to him, but he went on, and while I was fight ing with my blessed horse, he went out of sight again. Convinced now that there was a roof at no great distance, I managed, with the aid of a sapling, to persuade my nag to hurry up, and on rounding the bend saw, perched on a small plateau on the side of the ridge, just what I expected-a selec tor's hut. There was a light in it, shining with a soft whitish glow that illuminated the place like a dull electric light obscured by a china bulb, not at all the bright yellow star rays that come from a lamp or fire, and again I felt that wretched creepy feel ing, for as I approached it the light grew dimmer and dimmer until, as I stood beside the hut, holding my trembling horse short up,it had entirely disappeared. "Frightened? Well, I felt nervous. I called, but got no response, and tying my mount to a tree went to the doorway and struck a match. Then I got another turn, for the place was simply a ruin. It was the usual de serted bush hut. The door lay where it had fallen inwards, the slabs warped and gaped an inch from each other, the bark roof was flapping with every gust of wind, and a sheet here and there had fallen through and lay rot ting on the earthen floor, leaving great gaps that you could see miles of sky through. The clay chimney had partially crumbled down, blocking up the fireplace, and the bunk had long ago collapsed, and lay, with two or three empty tins and scraps of sacking, against the wall. Altogether it was anything but a cheerful place to pass the night in, but there was nothing else for it, so I brought in my saddle and bridle, hobbled my horse anud let him go, managed to light a fire somehow, had some tucker and a smoke, rolled myself in my wet blanket in the driest spot I could find, and went to sleep. "It must have been near midnight when I awoke with a strange chill run ning through my veins, and heard my horse stamping and snorting outside. I was about to step out and look to him, when from the long disused fire place little gleams of whitish light be gan to flicker and sparkle, rising steadily until there was a bright fire burning, but though the flames leaped and twisted there was no heat, smoke,. or crackling, such as accompanies the consumption of dry wood. Nor could I see the fuel from which the light emanated, and as the light increased, illuminating the whole of the interior, the hut seemed completely renovated. The door was closed and latched, the bunk appeared as if bhut recently ten anted, and on a stool with his elbows resting on his knees and his head sup ported on his hands sat the old man I had followed up the gully, gazing into the heart of the fire. I thought I must be dreaming, and tried to rise and speak to him, but some mysterious influence kept me still, and all the while I could hear my horse clinking his hobbles outside; hear the slow drop, drop, drop of the water from the ends of the bark, and feel the rain fall ing upon my face from a hole in the roof. "While I watched the old man got up and admitted another man. I could see them both as distinctly as I see you fellows, and heard every word they said, thought the sound appeared to come from tiny voices away off, like listening at the telephone. This second man was much younger than the other, though dressed much the same. He wore a big, fair beard, and carried a swag which he threw down in a corner. The old fellow came over to where I lay and took some meat and damper from a sack hanging from the ridgepole, and placed the food be fore the other, who ate it hungrily while his host warmed up some tea in a billy. Presently the newcomer raised a pannikin of tea to his lips, and on his little finger was the dull, red, angry gleam of a large carbuncle set in a gold ring. The old man started when he saw it, but recovered himlself,and asked his guest where lie got it. " 'My sweetheart,' said the younger man, with a laugh, drawing it off his finger and passing it to the other.. 'Worth a bit, too. Want to see it?' (To be continued in our next.) 