HERE AND THERE. Perth is^tte envied of the Eastern governments. So many peopledie there that envy is -called up by the amount of death duty which it would be possible to collect under proper government. * * » * The Governor is coming, and the following scene is almost-, certain of repetition :—Customer : Are my clothes ready ? Tai or : Not yet, sir. Customer : But you said you would have them done if you worked all night. Tailor : Yes ; but I didn't work all night. We have now a new cricket hit. The telegrammist solemnly sends and an inc n- siderable contemporary solemnly printe that ' Mason opened to M'Kibbin and ' cut' the first ball to ' leg' for four After tbis #e shall tend of pulls tn the off and that Ranji lifted Trumble * along * the carpet » for * one A smart Eastern paper swallows tbis :— 1 Tom Fitzgerald, of circus fame, told a frieod of the 'Bulletin's' that his Arm had cleared over £8,000 bj their show in the West during the last fi e months.' The fife months firstly is an extension of five weeks, and the £8,000 cleared is most likelv £8,000 taken. But it is abiut as near the truth as anyone in the show business can get, so let it Oscar Wilde (says an exchange) has been staying at Dieppe, being registered at a hotel as M. Sebastien. He is engaged in literary work, and is said to have nearly completed a poem dealing with the recent painful episode in his career. His position in certain literary circles in Paris seemingly has not been affected b ' is record Neither his wife nor his children nave seen him since his liberation. Nor, the PlONEEK supposes, do they want to. But it is pretty safe to bet that society will not be so particular, and that in a year the public will be buying his book without a shade of reservation in regard to th» hideousness of the author's personality. * * * * Now, if this were simply the wide world's habit of judging things entirely on their meri s the habit would not be challengeable. But it is not, it is because the world, as it grows thicker in its population grows less moral, and that as its aspirations and amusements mu'tiplv its memory grows shorter. Tn less than half a decade Dilke's stains were —not forgiven, but forgotten, and it is Bafe to • bet that as Wilde's sins were arrayed for a shorter time they will be forgot'en in an even shorter period. Perhaps it is to be deplored that our memory is growing shorter, but it is a fact. At the beginning of the century politicians could conjure with the mention of a noble need or a battle twenty years old. "Were the same tactics resorted to now the generatiou would ask, without raising an •eyebrow, ' Wot yer givin' us V while the event itself would only be found in the memory of some way back pressman or in the reference dictionary. * » * * His Xcellency the Guvenah will be in our town on Tuesday to partake in a clericalcum-mason'tc function which has been suffi ciently advertised without reference here. Ad inconsiderable contemporary says he will be officially received on the ' 31st November.' What does this mean ? Surely not that the municipality wish to save itself expense by assigning the function to a'diesnon.' The day meant, no doubt, is December 1. but it would have a laggardly look if the Governor's reception took place three days after his arrival. This would surely be a criterion of our' up-to datedness.' * * * * That king of posseurs, Kingomaley, is getting p'ayd out. His two themes, the abolition of barmaids and the legitimatisiog of antenuptially-born children, areright enough, and display an ingenious and original mind But these two are spread over three long dragging jears, and the creator's ingenuity, therefore, may fairly be judged to be more obsolete than original. His fossil declamations, therefore, which he hatched out with the help of ore of our lordly legislators, stand a chance of coming home to roost. His extravagant verbosity, moreover, is growing mor; bathotic, as witness : ' I ask the House not to act like midnight, skulking, famishei Texas prairie dogs, barking at the imaginary ghosts of their departed ancestors.' If the imaginary ghost of the departed gumption of the king of rhodomontade would bark when he got up to speak he wou'd say Our old friend Eowalski is back in London, after a successful concert tour in France, where the com noser of the March Hongroise, that martial octave exercise, which has stirred the breasts of the entire civilised world 'and for which he got exactly £25) was received with open arms. Report says he will return to Aus'ralia. We would like to welcome him but trust he will have more sense than to return. The Australian public never put him in his right niche, i.e. out of eyesight of any musician we have had living in Australasia, and even that magnificent old yarn regarding him has 9ince been attributed to Rcssini. You know the yarn of course. An iron- fingered damsel consulted him prior to a composition competition as to which piece she should play. She insisted on playing the pieo s, ami actually struggled through on J atrocity. ' How many pieces have you,' asked Kowalski. ' Two.' replied the girl. 'Then play the other one, the other one decidedly,' «nd, seizing his hat, he evaporated through the door. * * * * Judging by the Melbourne fire enquiry, our own fire watchman is not the only one who can go to sleep on his roost. The enquiry there proves that 'he fire was burning at a little after 1 o'clock and the brigade watchman did not see it until half after two. This hour by the insurance list: made just a quarter of a million of difference The fire is valuable as an object lesson as showing that stone wall and brick are powerless to stay the progress of a fire. Be this as it may the Melesian doorkeeper of Craig. Wil'iamson and Thomas' eot a severe shock on the Monday morning when the neighbours came running in to tell him that he need nut bother to go down as the warehouse was burned down. ' Burned down, be d d,' he said, ' how the devil ca i that b», haven't I got the k y ia my pocket.' • * • * Premier Rpid, of the cornstalk colony, has b j .en catching particular fits over hie utterances regarding foreign fl nations and floaters in foreign places ' You all know,' said his tumminess. 1 what sort of shows are take a to foreign parts for flotation, and you all know the sort of men who take them.' These harmless words, which were perfectly innocuous in their grammar, have been taken violent exception to, and the leading lights in the company-promoting world of Sydney have been effusively arraying their honesty and the unparalleled prospects of their ' shows' before the Premier and the Sydney public ever since. Moreover, the Premier has been taken to task for impugning the respectability and honesty of the mining speculators. Considering that all the derogation the New South Wales Premier was guilty of is contained in the words we quote, does it not seem as if t he mining men were protesting too much and that they are fitting on a cap that might or might n it fit them. Georgy Porgy was quite right in his remarks, though he expressed them clumsily. John Bull does get a few plums but, snakes and sawdust, what a lot of stones he has to spit out * * * * Coolgardie is specially favored. The Governor is coming to the ' Eastern goldfield' as they will call it in Perth, and is not going to Kalgoorlie. Lack of time forbids him going on, and we have a small sensation of idea that Sir Smith swallowed so much dust on his last trip that he fears to imperil his epigastrium again. We shall never forget the Governor s detrainment at Kalgoorlie at the railwaj' opening. The muddle maoagempnt of the day's programme had halted the train far away from the extemporised platform, and consequently the vice-Regal party had to clamber down a sheer three feet from the c image floor on to a ground surface that was fairly boot deep in dust. The loss of dignity in clambering down backwards, the dusty footbath, the literally dust.clogged atmosphere, and the fierce sun which glared down and put His Excellency's grey belltopper at complete defiance, all combined to make the dignified Governor cross and snappy, which condition was not improved by the bad champagne and crushing he was subjected to for the two days following. The Governor's engagements, therefore, will not permit an extension of his forthcoming visit. Wh»t do the Government intend; we mean in regard to the ' Restriction or Immigration ' and the ' Imported Registry ' bills th^y are charging through Parliament, and which all our sucking legislators seem to be too busy to analytically criticise. The first we have commected on heretofore and showed how it gave a looph'le for the entry of coolie, chow, or other labor The la'ter distinctly arranges for it, and this below the 26 parallel, i.e., out of the scope of the pearling industry. Of course the present regulations of both bills contain no menace, but integral portion of the latter bill stipulates tha* these regulations may ,be amended from time to time by the Govemorin-Councii, which means that if th<; Government in power do want to widen the scope of immigration, they can do so without, further enactment. L'ke the Agricultural Bank Bill of South Australia, both these measure?, if they pas*, will want carefully watching. What do we want with imported labour, anyhow. Isn't Sir John going to make this country attractive enough to supply all her own labour, or is he gjing to pursue a policy that will keep us always beginning ? * * * « We are not going to listen humbly to any outride mining men any more. For some time we have allowed imported South Africans to Toot the flute Like a wild galoot, mutely, and have never dared to disagree while they rioted in descriptions of 400-head batteries with two tons stamper rodB with ten foot drop, and a hundred and fifty drops to the minute, which run day and night without a minute's cessation for five years. Likewise we have heard how the native laborers can work an Ingersoll drill and jump in 16ft holes in an hour, and got a 'damned good shambukking' if they were a minute over the time, &c.; To all of which verbal showerbaths we have listened patiently without any mental protest, but against our own ignorance which we decided to repair at the first opportunity. But we are envious no longer. In another column will be seen the collected statistics for lengthy periods, and by them that mining in South Africa actually resulted in a loss for the period reviewed. The superexcellence of management that brings about this result we do eot hanker after. The recent ravings about Klondike just lets that torpid region out. A Mr Sola is in L ndon now saying that there is so much gold to be got in Klondike that it will riemonitise our standard currency. We have heard this before, and we know exactly what value to place on it. We can gauge Klondike as an ounce and a half show all through, and that the trail uf the booms er is over it all. Mr Sola also gave a price list of comestibles in Dawson City. This lets him out. He is over in London holidaying and getting thawed out, sooliog on the innocent John Balls to go over and buy h s bacon at 2s per lb. * * * * The dilletante litterateur who controls the destinies of ' Vanity Fair,' a journal which once got a boost famewards by the good work of the face and figure cartoonist ' Spy,' remarks in a demned patronising style that ' there ah one or two lodes and one or two mines in Westralia, but nothing, positively nothing, my deah fellah, to get excited about.' And much more in the same style. ' Vanity Fair ' criticisms scarce ruffle us ; it is ignorant of us, we are reciprocal and ignorant of it. Bye-and-by we will know each other better, but the first bow will have to come from ' Vanity Fair.' • » » * By the way, have you seen that woman's duel at the cinematograpbe—the one where the fair but fierce combatants peel and fight with small swords. It is very thrilling. * * • We spotted a huge anomaly the o'her day. If you listen to a fairly intelligent student of his own times he will tell you that a corapreheusive survey of the world's affairs makes the fact patent that monev is the prime factor of the universe and in fact rulis't. He will show how the house of Rothschild controls the des'inyof Europe, and how neither war or peace is (Mtde until the weight of money wills it. This view is generally entertained, and yet when we pick up the ' Cape Argus' and see how that snuffl^busting old sharpshooter, President Kruger maintains bis conservative policy, it would seem as if weight of money were powerless against stern will and a little combination No town of Johannesburg's population lias represented a tithe as much capitil as it has represented and though 'his has been brought to bear scrupulously and unscrupulously against the insignificant and moneyhungry Dutchmen of Pretoria, it has failed tu achieve a solitary success. This may be the exception that proves or disproves that mon'y does not rule the world. * * * Lately we denlored that the public sevic-s of a famous explorer were so little recognised as to resu t in his neg ect. We hold that there is an eternal balance in everything and the capital representation A.B.C. of the 'S.M. Herald ' puts on the matter shows that there is a philosophic aspec , even of a nation's neglect. r He says : — The quiet endijg of such men as Ernest Giles, the great explorer, is quite fitting. They die as they live—quiet, unostentatious workers, content to have done their work with all their might, and finding their chief solace in that. Very seldom do they prosper in 1 his world's goods — teo often they are trea ed with the most heartless ingratitude by the p ople they have risked so much for Baron Miidler died almost pennilpss not long sin e — and his funeral was attended only by his admirers and friends. Much better so. Wnen some brazen, broad shouldered 'public man' who has postured for a genera'iin on the public platform is taken to bin last low bei, does not every official pe-son in the community rush to swell the procession—from suburban alderman upwards. It is necessary for them to be present—how otherwis could they get their names in the pupers ? But knowing all this, who can be really sorry that reil workirs and herops like Gi'e» and Mueller shoul i pass their last days in comparative obscurity ? " « • » * Does anyone nowadays ever do anything new. Snooks makes the tremendous announcement that hedisovered oxhide peltus, and up jumps Brooks and proves that he did, and is only uncontradicted we suppose, because the man who did has died, and his heirs haven't fearched his papers. Last week we published a paragraph that a Government officer had discovered a fresh water lake eighty miles norih of Coolgardie, and we pot an indignant letter from a prior discoverer who had shot ducks on it, and was only restrained from annexing it on account of its insignificance, which latter disability has b en removed by rains. In the futu e we shall use the word alleged and then we shall not call up the rigb'eous indignation of the real discoverers any more. Our startling reports, then, will not be snappy, but they will contain no coDtrovertibl" s'ateaaents. They will read something like the following :— A telegram yesterday alleges that Mr alleged Forest Ranger White alleges that he has discovered a magnific nt fresh wat r alleged lake alleged to be 80 miles north of j Coolgardie. The alleeed info mation is also wired that • the alleged • lake » is dry, *&c;, &c.; Judging by a report of a case against one of the ' Peculiar People,' it w uld seem that the law recognises the democratic principle in Bor^e departments of our jurisdiction. According to our social methods, a man is not the arbiter of his own fate ; be is not allowed to do what he likes, but what is best for the general community. A man is not allowed to su'eide or to let anyone else throw the seven, even if there is no trace of fear or sentiment in the modus operandi. The case .we print proves that without a d ubt. Yet if the same class of men who interpret the law thus want a man to work for what be individually thinks is a fair recompense, and this action is rebelled against by his (the worker's) fellows, the employers yell an I rave about interfering with the liberty of the subject, the justice of freedom of contract, Stc., &c.; Don't you think there is a discrepancy here ? Life and liberty are so closely akin that th<? law which i» just for one is just for the other. Society must lonk into this. • • * * The ' Council.' not the ordinary municipal council, but the • Council nf the Caledonian Pociety.' will go to meet the Governor at the railway station, accompanied by the Society's piper. His Excel ency will no doubt be flattered at the attention. No doubt the Society are conscious of condescension in so honoting the Governor. Apropos of whieh, hear two ' aledonian wheezes. An old Hielander once v'sited the fleet when it lay in <he Forth. He poked hither and thither with his stick and his plaid, i nd was still inquisi'ive when he reachrd the admiral's room. Here, however he was confronted by a sentry, w*io ported arms and told him there was no almittunc*. 'Hoots m«n.' said Hairy'egs, ' put down your gun and stand aside,' at the s«me tim* marching on as if the sentry was not. '' he ma- ine, awed by the old chap's dictatorial tone, stood aside, and the Hielnnd r went in and poked the admiral's cot with hiB stick, examined the swords in the rack, and toik stock generally before he leisurely departed. ' And w^o shall I say called ? What name ?' Baid the sentry. ' What name ?' re'urned the Hielander ; ' No name. Simply say ane of the owners, ane of the owners.' « • » » Thi other wheeze is not so ancient. It was on that day when Queen VicUyia gave that sterling patent of her love of the Scotch by marrying her daughter to the Marquis of I.orne. Something of this a tenant of the Earl of Mansleld felt, and approached his herd-laddie to expatiate on Her Majesty's graciousness But the sh'pherd interrupted him with ' My certes but the Queen must feela prood woman the day.' * * * * The Scotchman is without doubt the most conceited rf th Anglo-Saxon group. The quality, however, p has other aspects than personal assertivenrss as a perusal of any directory in the Knglish speaking univetse will show. 