ihe^miuj Uutbtf«, - -1 ROCKHAMPTON. KM SATURDAY, JULY 24, 18D7. THE HARBOUR BOARD. At thc last meeting of the Harbour Board a report was presented by the Legislative Committee recommending certain amendments in the special Act under which the Board was constituted. The Act is seriously defective in some matters, and almost unworkable in others. For one thing there is no provision to revise the roll of voters iu thc election of representatives of the payers of dues. If by any^." " chance a name lias been omitted from the roll which ought clearly to have been included, or one hos been included for which there was no % warrant, the error cannot be recti- fied. Then, even if there were provision for the revision of the roll there is not time to do so. The roll at present cannot be closed UH thc 7th of January, and the election is held in February. . , The amendments which the Committee . ; propuse are that thc date of closing the^*-; roll should be the 1st of October instead . of the 7th of January, and that as soon ' as possible after the 28th of October a Court should be held to deni with all claims for admission to the roll arid objections against those admitted. This^ of course is but following the muni- 't .' cipal and Parliamentary practice, and it is impossible to suppose there can be any opposition to such reasonable amendments. Anotheramendmentisthat V the qualification for a vote in the elec- ' tion of representatives of the payers of dues, should he reduced from £5 to £2 10s. Here again the recommenda- .v , tion of the Committee will be warmly supported by the public It was felt at the lase election that the £X> qualification shut out a number of payers of dues who were keenly in- terested in the harbour, and who not \ unnaturally were irriratcd nt their exclusion. Tim reduction in the qualifi tion will bring in the grazing farmers who, within a few years, will throw a lurgc amount of trade and revenue into i the hands of the Harbour Board.. It will also admit the smaller shopkeepers, who have as keen an interest in the. harbour as anyone. Thc next proposed amendment is that duly, appointed ' representatives of limited liability enmnanies should be dimble for election, to the Board, provided of course the company has paid the necessary sum in harbour dues. This amendment rectifies a distinct in- justice. There can be no reason why the duly accredited representatives of public companies, some of whom by way are among the largest contributors to thc revenue of the Board, should be debarred from election. So far the amendments proposed may he confidently expected to pass without opposition or even discussion. But there may be debate over the remaining amendment suggested by the Committee. This is that tho Mayor of Rockhampton should cease to be ex officio a member of thc Board, and that the seat lie holds should be filled by the ratepayers of Rockhampton, who, the Committee think, ought to return two members in future instead of one. The exclusion of tho Mayor of Rockhampton from " tho Board waa inevitable whenever the wharfage question was settled. So long as the wharves were under the control of the municipality the Council had a direct interest in the harbour and might claim representation on the Board. But the wharves having now passed to the Board after tho payment of full compensation to the Council, that body has no longer the slightest claim to direct representation. Admit its claim to representation and there could be no valid ground for- refusing a similar claim by the North Rockhampton Council or Ute Gogango Divisional Board. There would be no serious objection offered from nny quarter to the giving of the seat now filled by the Mayor of Rockhampton to the rate payers of Rockhampton, wore it 1101 that this perpetuates the system of n two years' Board with "all thc members retiring together. Just now tho whole nine members ure elected at once and they all retire together. This is contrary to the practice of our other local governing bodies. Members of municipals councils and divisional board« are elected for throe yenrs, and instead of all the members retiring together one-third j retire each year. It would bo a very creat advantage if this system wera extended to thc Harbour Board. Ana it can easily be done if the seat made vacant by the omission of the Mayor of Rockhampton is given to the payers of dues instead of the ratepayers of Rock- hampton. There would then be six representatives of the payers of dues and three representatives of the rate- payers-one returned by the ratepayers of Rockhampton, one l y the ratepayers of North Rockhampton, and one by the ratepayers of Gogango. Were the Board so constituted, the three years' system with annual elections could be introduced at once. The first year two representatives of the payers of dueB and the representative of Rock- hampton could retire, the second year other two representatives of the payers of dues and the representative of Kort li Rockhampton, and the third year tlie remaining two representatives of the payers of dues .ind the representative of Gogango. In no other way which would be so simple and so easily worked could the three years' rule be introduced, and the advantages of that rule are so great that it is to be hoped an effort will be made to extend it to the Board. Election for two years only is too short a period. Au election means con- siderable trouble and expense, and when a man has gone through this success- fully he should be given a longer time than two years, otherwise he will feel the annoyance and cost of these fre- quent elections so great that lie will decline service altogether. Then, under the three years' system the Board is kept in much closer touch with its con stttuents. One-third of the members retire each year, and an opportunity ie supplied whereby the electors may exert a direct influence on the Board, and the Board at the same time may learn clearly the opinion of the electors on any question. A third reason in favour of the three years' system is that it saves the Board from violent changes. With all the members retiring together there is always a risk that iu some time of excitement a com- plete new Board might be returned. To have niue men utterly unacquainted \- \vith the work returned on the .same day to the Board would he little short of a calamity for the har- bour ; or, at any rate, it would be an experiment of the most hazardous kind. But with a third retiring each year no such risk is run. For these reasons, then, it is to be hoped that when the .Board, comes to deal with the report it will consider the advisableness of giving the Mayor's seat to the payers of dues in order that the three years' system with annual elections may be intro- duced. -Nothing ts sacred from science. At no power does it stand appalled. Phenomena of ; all 'kinds must submit to analysis and ex- j aoiiuation. Among these are appearances of spirits, and manifestations of their presence in an invisible form. Ghosts are common in all countries, even Australia not having boen exempt from appearances of the departed. From both civilised and savage regions evidence has been accuin6lated of the existence of invisible beiugs which could give (notion to material substances. In more recent times it has been maintained that means of communicating with them have been estab- lished. About two hundred and fifty years ago a house at Tedworth, England, was haunted by a familiar spirit which moved tho furniture about, drammed on the woodwork, and ultimately -rapped in reply to raps addressed to ft by auditors. Fifty years ago a little girl in Wist Kew York on hearing mysterious raps replied to them, and a tele- graphic system of intercourse between visiblo and invisible rappers was formed ; thus spirit-rapping arose. There ure houses, certain ancient domiciles in the British Isles, tn which things " no Ginny " were of frequent occurrence. Some of them, liko the drummor of " the bonnie house of Airlie," arc historical : be always warns the noble owners of the dwelling of the approaching death of a member 'at the family by beating his dram vigorously.' Science hos been hunting these atranee phenomena with but poor results. 'There ¡a ïu the Highlands of Scotland an old castle »hieb hu bad a fine reputation for being haunted. The Marquis of Bute, who j bas sympathy with Ibo labours of the society fer prosecuting psycho) jgical research, j recently rented this ancient tenement ; had it put in decent order ; victualled and tenanted lt with domestics ; and invited members of tho society quietly, undemonstratively, and scien- tifically to study the phenomena reported to be observable there. Members dropped down readily enough to the pleasures of a trip to the Highlands and a sojourn in a house of mystery. They came and went at will, and went about with their senses for tbo percep- tion of tho supernatural on full cock. Pre- sumably the spirits had advice of what was going on, and they did nut play up as was expected. There were curious noises rumbling about the house at night-sighs, and tappings, and groanings; but these were attributed by a matter-of-fact observer to the wind when in certain quarters moving io confined spaces and up turnpike stairs ; to the sudden shutting of the Bpigot of a water pipe, causing a rattle in the tube ; and to thc wind blowing across the open ends of soil pipes. It would appear, however, that this experiment, like many others carried /on ia the same sphere of research, was vitiated by the presence of unbelievers. One of them, laughing at the whole affair, sent a critically contemptuous account of his observations to the press. Thereupon he was charged by his hostess at the ancient peel with having violated the conditions of the entertainment; these were-that nothing waa to be said about it till the experiment was at an end. On being taxed with violating the terms of hospitality., this faithless one denies he ever beard of them. In the meantfino this ghost hunt, like so many others we have read of, bas failed, and leaves curious people worry- ing their brains about incomprehensible phénomène. Prom an advertisement in this issue it will be seen that tba entertainment called "Living Chess " is to be given in the School ol Arts on Thursday next in aid of thc funds of the Anglican Church at North Rockhampton. The following tick item, says the Brisbane Courier ot tho 21st instant, has been received from a correspondent in the Gulf district : " With us thc licks arc not doing a hit of harm, and ut present we have plenty of fat cattle to send away off these statious. Ono station disposed of 2501) head locally at u fair price, and buyers are still inquiring for cattle." j Killing operations at tho works of the j Central Queensland Meat Company, Lake's Creek, have'been very brisk since abnut thc 10th instant, and arc likely to continue so until, at least, the middle of next month. The daily slaughterings have been about 250 head of cattle. Practically no sheep have been put through the works. The erection of the new freezing works is well underweigh, and it is hoped they will be completed by the carly part of the new year. The School of Arts Literary and Debating Society held its usual weekly mcetiug ut the School of Arts last eveniug. Dr. Brown (President) was in the chair. There was a good attendance. The subject of " Byron as a Poet " was dealt with in a paper by Ur. H. J. Beirne, who quoted largely from Macauley and otbur critics. A keeu discussion fol- lowed. At the next meeting a lecture will be given on prehistoric mau by the President, und it will be illustrated by limelight view*. The Eastern and Australian Shipping Com- pany's s.s. Guthrie left Thursday Island yesterday, and is expected to reach Port Alma on Wednesday. She brings a shipment of Canadian flour and a quantity of new season teas consigned to Messrs. Walter Reid und Co.-Thc R. M.S. Jumna is timed to leave Brisbane on Tuesday next for northern ports. She will probably reach Port Alma on Wednesday. She will load 500 tons of frozen meat from herc and a shipment of wool, ciscd meats, and tallow. The following programme of music will be given by the Lake's Creek Brass Baud at the Rugby Union Football Ground, at tho return match of the Mount Morgan Harriers v. Lake's Creek, this afternoon : Grand March-"TheCommandant " ..f ITm. fíñmncr) Waltz-"Love'«Greeting" .. .. (T. II. Wright) fielecdon-" Eureka " .. .. (B. Hound) Cornetsolonollca-" Maud's Favourite " (Arrowed by W. R. Westley) Selection-"Hibernia". fir. Rotuli) Cornet solo, alth band accompaniment -"Alas those Chimes" .. .. (Haliace} Gallop-"John Peel".(A.Arnold) God Save the Queen. In connectiou with the use of the bicycle in the work of the Post and Telegraph Depart- ment, says the Brisbane Courier vt the 21st instant, we learn that one mail contractor in Queensland has employed the bicycle con- tinuously in bis work since 1S94. This is a section jicross Cooper's Plains, a stage of nine miles, which is run three times a week. The department also introduced the bicycle for telegraph messengers in 1892, since when the branches st Rockhampton, Townsville, Charters Towers, Maryborough, Bundaberg, Charleville, Southport, and Sandgate have been supplied. The wheel is also used to a small extent among the messengers io Brisbane. It will be remembered that at the last meet- ing of the Tick Conference it was decided to form an association of Central Queensland stookownerc, and the Secretary (Mr. R. R. Dawbarn) was instructed to issue a circular to the various owners of stock, local authori- ties, public bodies, and others interested in stock-raising in the division, brimming under their notice the advantage of having such au association. Mr. Dawbarn has eince issued the circular. It contains full information us to thc conditions of membership. It also points ont that c&ttle-owuer;» especially have much to gain from the labours of an associa- tion of tba kind, aud that thc need for such a body, which has long been admitted, is accentuated by the presence of tho tick plague in this part of Queensland. At the Police Court yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, Chong Sue was summoucd by another Chinaman named Hong Sun for usine; obscene language. The Police Magie* trate : There will be no appearance in this case. They spoke to me shout it, and I con- sented to it being withdrawn. -Arthur Stickley was summoned by his wife, Khz» Stickley, for deserting his three children. The Police Magistrate: I also consented to this case being withdrawn.-Jessie Davie «aa charged with using obscene language in East street. She said she did not remember uxiug the obacenclanguage, although she believed she might have used it. Constable Leuham gave evideuceof the obscene language beingused, and defendant was fined £2, with üs. öd. costs, £1 to be paid forthwith, aud the balance within seven days, in default fourteen days' imprisonment. ino oratorio oí "jue aicsaiau waa re- peated in the School of Arte last night by tho choir which performed it a month ago in connection with thc Jubilee celebrations. The performance last night was in aid of the fund to establish a town dispensary in con- nection with thc Rockhampton Hospital. Unfortunately this very laudable charity is not likely lo benefit greatly by the exertions of the choir, for there was only a very moderate attendance. The town bas been pretty well drained of late' by performances .f all kinds, and this may be the explana- tion of thc meagre attendance. It is to be hopod it was due to that rather than to a want of appreciation af oratorio mUBic, or of the efforts of the choir to render thc greatest of all oratorios. There were few changes in tho performers as compared with a month ago. The ohorus was tho same, or practically BO, tho Orpheus Club agaiu sup- plied tho orchestral music, and Herr Hage once moro conducted. The only changes of note were in tho soloists. Mr. Briggs and Mr. Matthews again sang the con- tralto and bsBs numbers, but Mise M. Smith took the soprano numbers instead of Mr. B. V. Kavanagh, who sang thc soprano Bolus at the last performance at very short notice, thc lady who was to have »ung thc music having been taken suddenly ill. Last night Mr. Kansnagh sang thu tenor solos iu place of Mr. Adams, who has left the town sinco thc previous performance. The greatest interest was, of course, centred in Miss Smith's appearance in thc very difficult work of rendering the soprano solos. Miss Smith has a sweet and melodious voice, but it lacks power at present, and also full cultivation. She modestly declined tho great soprano solo "I know that my Re- deemer liveth." Mr. Kavanagh had a much more pleasing task on this occasion than last, aud scored a distinct success with " Every valley." But thc gem of the salo numbers was again Mrs. Briggs's renderiug of "He waa despised." All thc choruses were very enjoy- able, and tho orchestra had bcncBlted by the increased practice. To Herr Uage's conduct- ing tho most unstinted praise csu be given. He watched his forces with the keenest atten- tion, and by the use sometimes of the baton and sometimes of tho violin carried them with the utmoBt dexterity over the numberless difficulties which beset them. It is stated, says thc Nortliern Miner ol the 16th instant, that several pastoralists in the Hughenden district have commenced inocu- lating for tick fever in a small «ray. It is understood that Ur. Hunt favours this style of procedure, for then a pastoralist mos little risk while he is gaining his experience. Thc committee which carried through the ball io aid of the building fund of the new Roman Catholic Cathredral will meet on Wednesday next in the School of Arts, when thc balance-sheet will he submitted. Bishop J Cuni is making strenuous endeavours to have tho cathedral opened either towards the end of thia or the beginning of next month. lue loiiowing ia tho report of tho Govern- ment Labour Bureau for tho week :-Demand: Agricultural labourers, 1 ; general labourers, 9 ; elation hands, 1. Supply : Agricultural labourers, 2; general labourers, 14; station hands, 1 ; mechanics, 2 ; married couples, 1. Engagements : Agricultural labourers, 1 ; general labourers, 0 ,- station bunds, 1. Thc Mayor yesterday presented to Mr. A. M'Kel vie, the conductor ol thc Mount Morgan Brass Band, lim sum of £25 and the cornet, valued at £10 10s., won by the band in thc band contest held on thc show grounds of the Rockhampton Agricultural Society on the 22nd of June. Thc cornet is now being inscribed :-" Won by A. M'Kelvie, conductor Mount Morgan hiamond Jubilee Brass Band, Rockhampton, June 22, 1897." The Divisional Inspector of Stock (Mr. A. J. Haylock) received the followiug telegram yesterday from tho Chief Inspector of Stock (Mr. P. R. Gordon) :-*' Minister has in- structed Pound proceed Rockhampton to instruct cattle-owners or their employees bow to select and defibrinate blood and inject into healthy cattle. Pound in Sydney, but will probably leave for Rockhampton Tuesday next. Make matter public. Will wire before he starts." The weather yesterday was dull and cloudy, and once more there is the expectation of rain. The reports for the tweoty-four hours ended at 9 a.m. yesterday, as' received by the Government Meteorological Observer, are as follow :-Rain : Cape Capricorn, pass- ing showers; Brisbane, OA!) in.; Double Island Point, 0'2S in.; Inskip Point, 0 25io.; Maryborough, ODO io. ; Woody Island, (WI in. Shade readings of the thermometer : Rock- hampton, maximum 7G'5°, miuimum 52°; Alice, 74°-3S°; Bustard Head, 71°-57°; Clermont, 7C°-41°; Emerald, 74°-39°; Gat- combe Head, 75-61°; Longreach, 70°-43°; Springsure, 72°-38°; Brisbane, 0S°-53°; Dnublo leland Poiot, CIT-GO"; Mackay, 74°-52°; Maryborough, 72°-53°. A meeting of the Diocesan Council of thc Church of England was held on Thursday afternoon in St. Paul's schoolroom. There were present:-The Venerable Archdeacon Lester (Chairman), Messrs. W. Spier, H. Woodd, H. Mills, J. A. Briggs, R. t'onlkcs, F. H. B. Turner, and the liev. Canou Richards. An offer to purchase certain of the See endowment lands in South Brisbane was received. It was not entertained. A sub- committee consisting af Canon Richards and Messrs. Spier and Potts was appointed to carry out some necessary improvements at the Bishop's residence. Grants wore made from the lióme M rest on Fund to defray thc railway expenses from Rockhampton of two neiv clergy who are expected shortly, and who will be stationed at Liugreach. It was decided to defer thc arrangements for welcom- ing the Bishop until the next meeting. A boarding student ut the Rockhampton Boys' Grammar School, named James Flowers, met with a serious accident yesterday evening in the grounds of the Christian Brothers' School. rle was one of a team of football players from the Grammar School playing a team from thc Christian Brothers'School, and while trying to take the ball from one of the opposing team he was pitched on his head, and rendered unconscious. He lay in that state for some time, and then re- gained consciousness ; but it was only for a few minutes. Some of Flowers' schoolmates went for medical aid, and Dr. Parry waa soou i on the ground. He found Flowers.insensible and bleeding from thc ear and mouth. It was dark by this time, and he was unable to make a careful examination of the patient; but all the indications seemed to point to a fracture of the bose of the skull. Under the doctor's supervision Flowers was removed in a sociable to the Grammar School, where, at latest accounts, he was still in a very critical state. The Rev, C. Stead, ono of the Methodist Jubilee delegates to the Central Division, delivered a lecture in the Wesleyan Church last evening on " Methodism, its rise, pro- gress, and position among the churches." There was a fair attendance. Thc chair was occupied by Mr. S. W. Hartley. The Chair- man, in introducing tho lecturer, said bc felt great pleasure at being present that eveuiog, because ho felt it WSB a partial consummation of what the churches had been working for namely, tho nnion of the Methodist bodies. From the inccp;ion of the movement he had been an ardent unionist. He bad had the honour of seconding a proposal in favour ol union at the Primitive Methodist Con- ference which was held in Rockhampton two years ago. The matter presented itself to him in this way - seeing that the barriers which caused the scvcraucc in the first instance were broken dowu to a large extent, it was unnecessary and unwise for thc churches longer to keep apart considering thc waste of energy, the waste of effort, anil the a-M«tn nf tnnnnv Hint waa OLIIARH hv tlir separate denominations continuing their work individually. The lecture occupied about an hour aud a-quartcr. It was full of details reapecting the origin of thc Methodist move- ment and of the deepest interest, willi here und there a few quaint touches of humour. Mr. Stead traced the rise and development of Methodism, referring lo the various offshoots from the parent body and to the cause of each. He described tho character of a good many of the principal men who figuro in thc history of Methodism, and, .in alluding to the present positiou of Methodism amongst the churches, poiutcd out how it had spread to the United States, Canada, thc West. Indies, Ceylon, Africa, Australia-in fact, to almost every quarter of the globe. To-duy its members numbered 30,000,000, and its influence, he felt, was a very great power for pood. It counteracted the iufluence of in* sidious ritualism, which destroyed the very life of religiuu and the worldliness which was BO destructive of all that was religious. In conclusion, Mr. Stead expressed the hope that union would soon be consummated, and declared bis confidence that-hy a strict adherence to thc old doctrines und the cul- tivation of tho old spirit-tho church would exercise great power for the welfare of man- kind. At the conclusion of the lecture Mr. Stead was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. To- morrow the Wesleyan and Primitive Methodist churches will be dosed ; but united service, which will be conducted by Mr. Stead, will be held in thc course of the day at the School of Arts. Or. Dvorkoyitz, F. Russ ; pronounced the " Beo brand Teas " pure and wholesome, packed on the gardens, and shipped by the growers direct in llb.sacks abd 5lb. boxes. T. Kelly and Sons, Agents.-ADVT. HEW GOODS AT SALK PRIDES.-Although at first Bight this assertion seems merely an ordinary advertising puff, yet thc fuct remains that wo arc offering all our season's importa- tions at " Salo " prices. All lines iu House- hold Linen, Flannelettes, Flannels, Shirtings, Boys' Suitiugs, Blankets, Rugs, tc. Ladies' and Children's Underclothing, Jackets, Capes, Dressing Gowns, &c.; Wool goods-Shawls, Fuscioators, Boottees, Hoods, Hats, Fancy goods, new buttons, and trimmings. Allât Bale prices. JAMES STEWART AND Co. ADVT, Permission lias been granted to William M'Gratb, Scariff Hotel, to have a booth on tho Football Ground thia afternoon. The following are the magistrates whose names appear on the roster for attendance at the Police Court next week :-Tho Hon. J. Ferguson, M.L.C., «nd Messrs. B. Falter, J. Fairbairn, F. O. Foster, T. Foote, H. Fiddes, and R. Foulkes. The dolls' bazaar and sale nf work in aid of thc fonds of the Corean mission, which was held at thc residence of Mrs. W. Pattison on Thursday afternoon, resulted in the sum of £19 being handed to the missionaries, Misses Perry and Fash. Mr. G. Sanderson ha« given notice of hi! intention to move the following motion ut thc meeting of the Gogango Divisional Board on tho 3rd of August :-"In cousequcncc ol recent disclosures, this Board resolves to view with displeasure any communication, whether by printed, written, or verbal matter, especially near elections of this Board, between uuy officer of the Board, excepting the Board's Clerk, and ratepayers of the division ; and further, with a view to assist- ing the Board's Clerk to furnish information to qualified ratepayers within the division, a printed copy of thc votera'rofl for the sub- division within which au election is about to take place shall be posted to each justice of thc peace residing within tho same sub- division." Mr. Stock-inspector Cowley, of New South Wales, says the CliarleviUe Times of thc 17th instant, visited Charleville this week. It is understood that the New South Wales Government has accepted the proposition to make < harleville, and other stock routes cast and »est, cxamiuiug points for cattle pussing into that colony. It is proposed that there shall bc nine examining points, with a New South Wales inspector Btatioued at each, and as far as wc can learn they will bo situated at Toowoomba, Dalby, Chinchilla, Miles, Roma, Mitchell, Charleville, Adavale, and Windorah. Mr. Cowley, with Mr. Shepherd's assistance, has chosen a site for a yard some- where in close proximity to the '91 shearers' strike camp. Thc Charleville Municipal Council have given their sanction for thc erection of the necessary yards, so that nothing remains to make the matter fait accompli but the Gazelle notice of our Govern- ment, and thia, we learn ou good authority, will appear in due course. At the first meeting of the Dairy Conference in Sydney Mr. 0. J. Pound (director of the Queensland Stock Institute) gare a lecture upon thc tick pest. Ho showed 150 lantern views, illustrating the tick country, tb? growth and nature of ticks, and the means employed to suppress the disease He stated that the disease was first discovered in the United States 100 years ago. He showed a mup of the quarantine line in the United Slates, and a map of the world, showing places where the tick peat bad existed, these being the United Stales, South Africa, Rou mania, Northern Territory of South Aus- tralia, Queensland, Jamaica, and the islands of New Guinea. He then exhibited views illustrating thc whole life history of the lick, and pissed on tn explain how ticks gathered upou blades of grass and attached them- selves to passing animals. It bad been discovered by Mr. Fuller that the two hind legs of a young tick were like feelers, always stickiDg out and attaching themselves to what t inched them in passing. He showed photos of a bullock in the Cairns district with more ticks than hairs on it. He explained that ticks were the primary cause of disease which killed stock by introducing into the system of the cattle protozoa, that destroytd from two-thirds to three-quarters of the red celia of tlie blood, making the blood unfit to discharge its functions, lie then passed ou to show by slides the kind of country in which tickB thrive. This class of country was to be found not only in Queensland but on the coaetand rivers of uorthera New South Wales In the dry Western country the conditions were unfavourable to ticks, which thrived in damp urassy country. It was only a matter of time before ticks estended to parts of New South WuleB. The disease could be trans- mitted by transfusion of blood without the presence of ticks. He expluincd how cattle became immune to the disease. Calves born in infested country became immune naturally Tlie most susceptible animals were bulls, und the lcaal susceptible were young calves. He explained by many views thc experiments being made in Queensland in inoculating cattle, so as to protect them against tick fever. The lecture and tho views greatly in- terested thc members of the conference. Thc Hughenden correspondent of the Bris- bane Courier, telegraphing on the 20'.li in stunt, says :-" The monthly laud court was held bete to-day. Commissioner Young pre- siding. Owing to several applicants for land on the 28th of June having received notice tn appear and prove their bona fidrx, an unusual amouut of interest waa manifested in thc pro- ceedings. Several applications where there was no opposition wera approved of, and two other similar cases were approved after the applicants had been examiued in the witness box. The other cases, in which a ballot would havj to take place, were then gone into, and several applicants were examined. Nothing startling, however, was elicited, and there seemed to be no cases where one appli- cation had been lodged in the interest of another person. Of course there were cases in whic'i several members of the same family applied for laud ; but in each case it wus for different blocks. A Victorian farmer gave evidence, aud there were several New South Wales applicants. After all the applicants who had been summoned, and wbo were present, had been examined, thc balloting commenced, with thc following result : P. T. Ganuau, portion 2, Toorak: Wilfred B. Lloyd, portion 0, Toorak : W. J. M'Ewan, portion 7, Toorak ; Hugh H. M'Ewan, portion 12, Toorak ; Charles E. Jowett, of Tasmania, portion 5, Cambridge Downs ; Charles James Larkins, portion 6, Cambridge Downs ; F. G. Seaton, portion 7, Cambridge Downs ; Hurtles Pegler, of Victoria, portion 8, Cambridge Downs ; John Blythe Nutting, of Now South Wo les, portion 0, Cambridge Downs ; Charles P. Pegler, portion 10, Cam- bridge Downs: G. M. Watson, portion ll, Cambridge Downs ; J. S. Bennett, of New South Wales, portion Iii, Cambridge Downs ; John Pollard, portion 13, Cambridge Downs ; Timothy Scanlon, portion 1, Richmond Downs; William M'P, Laing, portion 3, Richmond Downs ; F, A. Cassady, portion 4, Richmond DOWOB; W. H. Carter, portion ll, Richmond Downs ; W. H. Carter, portion IS, Richmond Downs; Timothy Daly, portion 13; William Moulder, portion 14; and George Midlcton, portion IS. Three applications wera with- drawn, and the applicants were fined len per cent of the amount of thc first year's rent. Thc applications of Andrew Crombie (for portion 10, Cambridge Downs), W. C. Frith (for portion 9, Cambridge Downe), and J. O. Frith (for portion 8, Cambridge Downs) were rejected by the Commissioner. The following applications, where only one was lodged, were approved : James White Rogers, Alfred Joseph Rogers, Richard Magoffin, William Ennis, Henry Ennis, William Recd, John Mers, Thomas Ball, James Burke (two selections), W. H. Carter (two selections, making four that he has secured altogether), Digby B. Grist, Donald Fletcher Cameron, William Davis (of Vic- toria), Duncan Stewart (Victoria), W. H. Mulligan, Charles Jowett (of Tasmania), H. F. Bligh, Thomas Patton, «nd Florence Gertrude Jowett. Some of the appliosnte who had received summonses, and who were unable to get bere in time, have proved their iona fide* before the Under-secretary in Brisbane." 