ASTOUNDING LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA CURE. DOCTORSTPRONOUNCED CASE HOPE LESS. HELD TO BE SO BY MEDICAL MEN THE WORLD OVER. A PROMINENT SYDNEY M.L A. BEARS TESTIMONY. (From the Australian WTorekmie.) Our representative made his way to the home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. Mr Jarvis is one of the best residents of that thickly populated siburb. He was discovered nursing a baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: "You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "How long were you suffering ?" "About five-and-half years ago I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. From the date of the accident my health began to fail, and after four years of gradual development of Locomotor Ataxia I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." "What were the symptoms ?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels and bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was incessantly shivering and' shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. "I came home and went to bed, and have been in bed pretty well ever since. A few weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attend ing me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffer ing from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressive Locomotor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs." (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy, to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) " Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in England which I read in the Australian l'orrkmal , by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give Dr Williams' Pink Pills a trial any way, and sent for a box. The effect was magical. I was able to eat and sleep an though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I imme diately left the bed and was able to move about. When taking the fifth box, I was able to walk about with the aid of a stick and was gradually but surely recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. .They were made for me before I got the Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees, said Dr Williams' Pink Pills saved his life and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that ddy than he did a short time back. "I can now," exclaimed Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. I expect shortly to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. 'They have saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepiece there is a box of Opium and Morphia Pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been- amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has baused quite a seu sation out here." WHAT MR LABOR-LEADER M'GOWAN KNOWS. Mr J. S. T. M.Gowen, M.P., leader of the labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was also seen in connection with the remarkable case of Mr Thomas Jarvis. He says he had known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He under stood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pro nounced incurable. Mr M'Gowan was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People do not stop short at the cure of locomotor ataxia; they positively cure lheumatism, sciatica, lumbago, and neuralgia, and in fluenza's evil after effects, and are a specific for all diseases of women, such as anami;i, poor and watery bloo-i, female irregulari ties, nervous headache, and hysteria. They are not a purgative medicine, but brace up and permanently strengthen the whole system. Dr Williams' Pink Pills are ob tainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr Williams' Medicine Company, Salis bury Buildings, Queen street, Melbourne, who will forward (post paid), on receipt of stamps or pest order, 1 box for 2s 9d or lmalf-dozer fou .5s 3d. 