Religious The Seven Sneezes. A SERMON WRITTEN AT MENTONE, BY THE LATE REV. C.H. SPURGEON. (Copyright sermon published under special arrangement with the late C.H. Spurgeon's publishers, Messrs. Passmore and Alabaster, Paternoster Buildings, London.) "The child sneezed seven times."—2 Kings iv. 35. The child was dead. Although he had been the special gift of divine promise and iwas therefore doubly prized by his parents, < yet the little lad was not secure from the common hazards, of life. He was in the harvest field in the heat of the day, and a sunstroke - smote him down. His father bade one of his young men carry him home, and he died on his mother's knees. The brave woman was heartbroken, but, being full of energy and spirit, she rode off to BUsha, the man of Qod, to tell him of her sorrow, and to upbraid him with the short lived blessing which had come to her through his prayers. She clung to the .prophet in the hour of her bitter Borrow, and he with his whole heart sympathised In her motherly grief. He hastened to the 'chamber where the dead child was laid upon the bed, and there alone he exercised the sacred power of prayer: again and again he wrestled and at length prevailed, so that in the glad Shunanunite's case It was true that " women received their dead raised to life again." Such 1b .the power of faith when it uses the weapon of all prayer: «yea the gates of the grave cannot prevail against it. The prophet's mode of operation when he lay upon the child and put his mouth upon die boy's mouth, "and hlB eyes upon his eyes, and his hands upon his hands,' 1 is full of instruction. Spiritual life 1b the gift of ,Ood, but if the dead are to be raised by our means we must enter into hearty sym pathy with them ; we mu3t create spiritual contact, and become in a great measure Identified with those whom we would bless. The Holy Ghost works by those who feel that they would lay down "their own lives for the good of others, and would impart to them not only their goods and their instruc tions, but themselves also, If by any means they might save some. 0 for more Blißbaß, for then we should see more Blnnerß raised from their death In sin. The first clear evidence that the child was restored to life was his sneezing. Doubt less, It greatly rejoiced the prophet's heart. We, too, who are seeking the good of others will greatly exult if we are favoured to Bee gracious tokens In those for whose good we labour. At all gospel meetings earnest peo ple should be on the lookout for persons convinced of sin, aroused In conscience, or in any other manner made to feel the power of the life-giving Spirit. It will be well if these persons watch with instructed eyes, so that they do not look for what they will never see, nor overlook that which should ' five them full content. Of natural life we may discern the tokens more readily than those of spiritual life ; we need practice and experience In reference to this more mysterious matter, or we may cause great pain to ourselves and to those whom we srould befriend. Possibly we may gather in struction from the signs of life which- con tented the prophet :—the child sneezed seven times. -This evidence of life was very simple. Nothing is freer from art than a sneeze. It Is so far from being artificial that it is in voluntary. As a rule we sneeze, not be cause we will, but because we must. No in struction, education, talent, or acquirement is necessary to a sneeze, nor even to a series of seven sneezes ; it Is the act of a child, or of an illiterate peasant, quite as much as of a philosopher or a divine. Yet Blisha asked no further evidence of life. He did not require the little lad to repeat a psalm, or walk a mile, or climb a tree ; he knew that he was alive although the act of the newly-given life was of the most elementary kind. Just so let us feel thankful when we ' hear .the first groan of distress or Bee the first .tear of repontance. Hopefulness Is a helpful element in the success of those who huve to deal with seeking sinners. Wo ought not to expect too much in inquirers ; <we ought not to be satisfied without signs of life ; but the faintest signs of life ought to encourage us and lead us to encourage tham. Very little knowledge can be looked for In Inquirers ; Blisha did not aßk the child to say -his catechism. Very little strength will be found In them ; Elisha did not b.id the child move the table, and the stool, and the candlestick with which the room was furnißhed. No, the sneeze proved .life, though it was Inarticulate, and the un lnstructed expression of untrained vitality. Repentance for sin, desire after holiness, child-like trust in Jesus, tearful prayer, careful walking, delight in the word of God, and Intense self-distrust are among the ele mentary tokens of life, the sneezes of those freshly raised from the dead. Such tokens are to be Been m all the truly living In Zlon, iwhether old or young, and hence they are not proofs of growth, but of life, and it is life that we have to deal with at the first ; growth is an after consideration. Blisha did not leave the child upon the bed till he had developed it into a man, but as soon as lie had heard him sneeze he said to the mother, " Take up thy son" ; and he would earnestly say to every church in whose v midst a soul has been born unto God, "Take up thy son." Receive the convert. though he be weak In the faith. Carry the lamb la thy bosom, cherish and nurture him till life haa girded itself with- manly strength. ' " • This evidence of life was In itself un- . pleasant. To the child it was no pleasure • to sneeze. We should most of us prefer to be excused from snevzlng sevon tlmeß.' Many . of the surest marks of the new life are by no means pleasurable. The regenerate are not at, once happy ; on the other hand, they are often In great bitterness for their slnß, and in sore anguish because they have, * pierced-their Saviour. The divine life is .not born into the world' without pangs. When a man has been nearly drowned, and animation is restored by rubbing, the first movements of the blood within the veins causeß tingling and other senßatlonß which are exquisitely painful. • Sin causes numb neßS of soul, and this 1b attended by an ab sence of sensation ; this is changed when life comes with its look of faith, for the first result is that men look on him whom they have pierced, and mourn for him. Some regard pleasurable emotions as the . clearest signs of grace, but they are not so. " I am so happy," Is frequently a far less ' certain token than " I am so grieved be- ■ cause I have Binned." We do not think much of the song of " Happy day," unless . it has been preceded by the mournful ditty : " O that my load of sin were gone !" A sneeze, again, is not very musical to those who hear it, and so the first feigns of grace are not in themselves pleasing to those who are watching for souls. Our minds may be greatly pained to see the sorrow and despondency of the stricken heart, and yet that which we see may be none the less a certain sign of renewed life. We cannot take delight in heart-break and convulsion of soul when considered in themselves ; on the contrary, our earnest endeavour is to apply the balm of the. gospel,and remove such pains ; yet are th.ey among the most assured marks of the life of God in the soul in its earlier stages, and we ought to be thankful whenever we see them. That which worldlings condemn as melancholy is often to us a hopeful sign of thoughtfulness ; and the self-despair which the Ignorant deplore Is cause for congratu lation among those who pray for conver sions. We delight in the sorrows of penit ents because of their results, otherwise we take no delight in human grief, but the very reverse. " The child sneezed several times," the evidences of life were very monotonous. Again and again there came a sneeze and nothing else. No song, no note of music, not even one soft worjj, but sneeze, sneeze, sneeze, seven times. Yet the noises wearied not the prophet, who was too glad to hear the sounds of life to be very par ticular about their muscular character. The child lived, and that was enough for him. Much of the talk of inquirers is very weari some ; they tell the same melancholy * tale over and over again. Answered a score times, they return to the same questions and repeat the same doubts. -If one were seeking interest and variety, he would not look for it In che painful repetitions of persons under conviction of sfn : though when we are watching for men's «souls we do not grow weary, yet in themselves the utterances of the newly-awakened are fre quently among the most tiresome of com munications. They are often difficult to understand, involved, confused, and even absurd ; they frequently betray culpable ignorance and Binful obstinacy, combined with pride, unbelief, and self-will ; and yet in them there Is a secret something which betokens an awakening to the higher \- life ; and therefore we cheerfully lend our ear. After days of exhortation and con solation we find them still floundering in the slough of despondr sticking fast in the mire, out of which they seem half-unwilling to be drawn ; we must render them the same help over and over again, and polnr out the Btepping-stones for the hundredth time. Better that our service . should be monotonous than that ajjoul should perish. The poor child may sneeze seven times if it will, and we will gladly hear It, for it Is a joy thus to know that it lives ; and our poor neltfiibour may repeat his painful . story until seventy times seven/ if therein we can discover tracts of the work of the Spirit upon his soul. Let us net be dis appointed because at the first we get so little which is interesting from young con verts. We are not examining them for the ministry, we are only looking for evidences of spiritual life : to apply to them the tests which would be proper enough for a doctor , of divinity would be both cruel and ridi culous. In preachers of the gospel we ex ,pect variety, and wish we could have more of it, but from the babe in grace we are quite content to hear a cry, and a cry is not a subject for musical variations any more than a sneeze. Yet the sound which entered the prophet's ear was a sure token of-life, and we must not be content with any doubtful or merely hopeful signs. We want evidences of life, and these we mint have. We long to see our friends really and truly saved. Do but prove to us that- they have passed from death unto life, and we rejoice In. the low est form -of that proof, but with less than this we cannot be quiet. Mere resolves t€T reform, or even reform itself, will not end our anxiety. No fine talk, or expressed emotion, or remarkable excitement will at all content, us, we want them to be con verted, to be born again from above, to be made new creatures in Christ Jesus. The child might have been washed and dressed in his best clothes, but this would not have fulfilled the prophet's desire ; the lad might have been decked with a chaplet of flowers, and his young I cheeks might have been rouged into the Imitation of a ruddy blush, but the holy man would have remained un satisfied : he must have a sign of life. However simple, It must assuredly be a life-token, or it would be in vain. Nothing could have been more conclusive than a sneeze. We remember a case in which a loving watcher fancied that a corpse moved its arm, but It was only imagination second ing the wish of affection ; there could, how ever, be no room for a mistake in a sneeze, much less in seven sneezes ; the prophet might safely call In the mother and commit to her care her undoubtedly living boy. So we also ask tor indisputable marks of grace, and till we see: them we shall still pray and watch and feel painful anxiety. :■ So far we have kept to the text, and as our Bpace is limited we can only add these few precepts. Let the Lord's living oneß believe that' he can raise the spiritually dead. Let them make the ungodly their daily care. Let them Storing them where souls are quickened—namely, under the sound of the gospel ; and • then let them -prayerfully and wisely watch for results. 'The more watchers in a .congregation the better; they win be the preacher's best allies, and greatly increase the fruit of his 'labours. What fiayest thou, dear friend in Christ, canst thou not attempt this service ? It requires graces rather than gifts, affec tion rather, than talent. Rouse thyself to the delightful service, and watch until thou seest the signs of spiritual vitality. How ever unnoticed by others, let them not escape, thine." eye-and ear and heart, but be ready to take care of the newly-quick ened one, even if there be no more to be .said of him than that "the child sneezed seven* times*.'.' 