CURRENT NEWS. TRE usual supplemrnt accoinpainies this norning ' issue. DONATIOS?s for the Clhrys;iathe)ic u)a ; ,d Fruit Show Lo be held in tli M'* i'nie 11a11 on 6th May next, cutillml t., e,, to hand. The secretary has rccCtiveOd 1.1 from Mr. W. T. Manifold to le all?ltted as the comnmittee deem best. TIE Warrnainbool Exhibitifj n w1 s closed on Friday erenrng. when Mr W. J. nfickford, President of ti: r.Viin. sionlers, nmade a stiltellieit ..i , th;e financial results of the tixture, 'hiich have been a satisfactury that it ,,t anticipated that the guarant,.rs ?r:i I,, called upon to ma:ke up a l.... UIanu, the petiod the exhibition wai i, :;:talr) people paid fur admission thli.u,. tle turnstiles, and it is estiimated thI.t 2'ij were admitted on railway ticketi,. 'l sale of season tickets realise-d '-'75, a, the comumissioners ?tiu;te i:t :'..1,t were admitted in this way dutme tihe cqrrency 4f. the exhibition, for the igte. keeper8,.tat.e that on the averaie there were more people present eacih ni t ,o feason tickets than passed thlu.iil the turnstiles.. Making their c ;ilea!i ,i i.u these statanents, the connlisai,:.r< ,,'i. miat) that the total atterdance ia- 7o.I)O. The President further iinfi,am-l tie nudience that the t,,til expjirendrl e as £3,402, and the revenue £2,17>. i!th showing a deficiency at da?te if £'17. However, it was calculated tl. the iamouunt realised by tile buildiii, ;nd from other surcecs would britw , i t'l, j and thus equalise the receipiL, :! ei. ptifnes. THE annual piciic at Lisrae,,. t11 hi iq usually onle f the rimst ple Wan ple. i? u of the year for the re-silents f I,. dsu. trict, will take place ,In Saturda? ni, . TiH: imariage of MI. Sbbl .!I ine, son of Mr. J. L. Curiie, of " E il!n, Grey-street, St. Kilda, and Nli- E-c:..el Murray Smith, daughter of Mr. It \l mrar Smith. M.P., C.M G., If " Iit.. Toorak, was celebrated ion\ Wedi.-dIy at St. John's Church of En.,lnid. T, lr!i. lty the Rev. Walter Fellows. Til clhrch was very prettily decorated I'ril .Ire gated bamboo and paslins ; ovvr tile :!tar rails was suspended a pretty brin d bell and the initials of the hride a:ti liride. groom; within was taustefully at rans.'e foliage and other pretty plants. The Iul. pit w:ts crowned with stime lovely pahlns, and the front prettily set uitll spra. i,, >,1iral and maidenhair ferns. Ther rid,.', who was given away by her fiatlhr, wiilet trained rolbe f ivory white duclhei-e Stin, t trimtmed with chiffin and silver jewille s bands; the chiffon formed tiny .-ifrrd d epaulette trimming and vei!l- ti: r tillht. fitting sleeres ; the silver was arr;.ri.d ,u 0 the front of the bodice and c:irrcti rimld t the back of the bodice in a m1,,t eicICtre nmanner ; over this was wirin I 1, li! etll. Sgracefully arranged over a smiall I-.athi,, 5 orange blossom. The l vely l?ni.ld i.u. Squet was of white titer lilies ;IAl iitplei'i roses, with long trailers of aisparaiu, iferij Y tied with satin libbon stre.rnll-. The e bridesmaids were Miss Rhodit Strichta, * whlo wore white Indian mulihu, Anh tw,) a tiny foot fills; the sleeve, hadn tiple c epaulette frills, edged uitl lte,-. a full Ssash was worn of apple green satiu I|!Ihn. a smart black velvet hat was n~,irn. turntd Sup with folds of green velvet :ind I1i,1, i, of violets ; apple greel velvet tiriircld the crown, which was massed t1 1 tilt !rJt e side wilth black plunmes: lIr Iau!?f;i' .h,.tr y posy was carried of Mart-schal Nic! I t, I- autumn leaves and pale c'le, nii 'g t ferns. Little 1Miss Phyllis t'JC.i,-.tind and another tiny maidein .iwde ,iitn'y Spicture. in shott lace in-rrtriel tilhrit d fine white muslin, with wuld .e ..h ,-f e cream satin ribbon : they a?,rc quaint e Normanidy bonnets, mlade crnt rielyi olfle, y with small white pinmlus set In tih e ,Iud h crowns : they were finiihed wai i'i .'ftirls1 s of leeo, and tied with white *. t:1 riljItAB: i lovely baskets of Maresclhl Nirl r-.s Swith trailers of VirgilniA creprr, nere carried by them. Thie bliils. r,.!m w15 s accompanied by Mr. G. L. W\Vl.1n a. I-t0 Y tran. Approipiate selectin, ..f Ili-'c n were played during the ser? iic by )1I a August Siedo, including Ml.litel-'11sa' h Wedding March." As the haliplY tjr left the church the gucest- strut dtl.r:: path with the pretty flowers aInra?.g-d ti Sthe pews. The church was thr?lio?td : s guests aud friends. S TnERE was a very small y:riug , i! e stock at Mr. John Thorntni'.. yaid, tt Saturday last. Bidditngs werfe IIt b.'i e and co?sequenttly only a fer h 1I, vi :e i. disposed of. Springing lheiferr brl.Ilt S£4 Os id; young steers, ;w.s; frt-! pigs, 32s; medium stores, 15i-: lmea-, 4, fruit, 2s ti, 2a 6d per case; ,,.t.ics, a: r 3d to 4 9d per bag. Wur will a man persist in beiuz i.'1 when the law says he is kit,.d T ' Ballarat Courier" is respnililO fr tlr statement that at the electiin oii the !' Io March an elector who aIppered trr.-' ,crd his vote was told he coulh nitr d ' " because he was dead." -N lln :ii elector was higlly indignant :at Lbr?m. fused a ballot paper, and v.miiy ,. : he was "all alive " and very ii.ir "i:i ing." But the returning otlicer culd r depart from the recorded fa.ct. J Brown, or whatever his nir..e I.y *i ieen, was " dead," and, si f ir. the 1 chise has not been exteindil tel .ha' not even to talking ghosts. This Wic. o are further told. had neither iy ifnl duct nor by removal fromn the c.l-u.t2r diered himself ineligible to v.,t,. the r~,i iof death apparently being due r, a isdds ilight of fancy on the part -f .-ii? ne careless electoral registrar. For th cial no excuse can be made. le 11e' have been told that the min ~as di' but merely hearsay evidence did not!e tify him in politically killing thst ii for as our.contemporary put it: very. diflicilt for a grown nian to i:t Victoria with'lut dector, undertaker,' gistrar .ofi deaths, and, pfosibly, C,1r aticd police knowing of his death, as?d imne of it octcurrence. Every death' to be notified to the registrar of ti .nd deaths within a few hours ot it? currence. The ptrticulars furnish'ý tie registrar are so thorough as tW e identity of deceased beyond re1-'' question. Thi. being so, it is cl!: - .raive error on the partt of s'"le 'i tlisat a living ttlian t oll d t S.l U; -'. electors' roll on the ground that b"J lead man. The um(st o.rdinI?'yct"'' w.·lse suggests that, since death is 1 fr ietoviig tnatnes fromI the e'l? irlls, tliere ought to be regulalr chm cation bietweell the officil. h,::' ilIe deaths of the electors anid the I' who have to purify the rlls.' MIEs..cr. ,Robort Cairns, 3lhci"1d ' tcllo, anld David Madden, lhve bht ? jKiuted as manaigers of the Skiipt" Conlluou. A .MAYSTEtIOUS disease is reprt"' prevaleut amongst cattle in the ' district. (Oje farmer le-.t 10 hiadi a few inoeks. The tinrt symptI''5~1 is that cattle madly race Haluut :t ?e up, lame iti the hind quarters. ithmii?selves about for even lj' but when onuce they get do"'ll t liera to be no hope for theni. Til rffected are all in good coiditij a supposed that the disease is .u "5 cattle eating some poisonoIus sCle? lmatter has been repolrted t, the Department, who sent a wire ttoIn on Wednesday stating tat -' Kyle would inspect the cattle rts possible, and that word would when to meet him. As a titti:tg Cl)CIUSiol to the polo carni va! last week the annual district ball was held in the Mechanics' Hall on Friday eeening, and was one of the most brilliant assen hlares that has been gathered together in Cuitnprdown for some time. The guests includedi mn,t of the gentry of the sur rounding district and also from other dis tricts. so that the gathering was of a thor ughly representative character. the hall was eauntrtiiflly decorated for the occa sion With the chi?icest of flowers and flags of all w ti,,n,. a bile with the aid of Mr. F. C. Russells furniture emporium the St,,e ,was tranisformed into a delightful loun. .- Thl' loor was in excellentcondi tin,,, and to the strains of Herr Plock's well-known Iband a lung programme of dsnces was -,iii' through. The whole of the :urr':i=eeut were carried out by Mr. J. H. 'Th r- n. hinirary secretary to the c1,,:ui-tte. ~ih, had left nothing undone to lults!er t. the comtfort and convenience of the ýue-t - . cOMrPLtliyT as T benefit was tendered t,, AIr. L. F.yer in the Warrnarbool Town H:dl ou Sanurday evening, in erccg nition of hi services as musical conductor duonn- the ho.ldingi of the Exhibition, and :here wa' -a crwded house on the occa ?in. The piece produced was the well -.own opera Girotle-Girofla," in which one ,r tiwo Campterdown anmateurs took par:. Muti:a:-,k, the Moorish Prince, 'as pourtrayed hy IMr. W. Lawson, and the " Standard "' sates that the manner in which he acted the -part demon stra:ed his talents, and predicts for for hli a successful career in the the~.trcaI wa-,rd. Mr. R. " 'ebb'a repre ser.t::.n ,t Don Bu!era is also warmly eua ti-,ti, and he is described as " one S:he b-? :tanateurs ever seen in Warr nnbo*,,i. A comllplimentary benefit is to be :e~ e.r,?! t, 3irs. H. \W. Davis, and Mress·r. ili<t-s n^nd L;?an, sn. who did a casider:: t e -oannut of aurk in connection I rlth t" oxhibltion enitrtainments. A ,s?s ,-f r ulnbery was reported to the Camni r, i.wan pvlice last week, by Mr. a J,;iu. \ '.;fe, who resides in a1 tho c,. i. n road. On the 13th inst., Mr. :.i Mrs. W\Co!fe went to T.:.;. !atL the lhouse in charge of the etrrant: irl. who, also went out during t the ater::-i na. whenl it is surmised the a rcikl?ry u S- '.ffectedl. On returning hmlne ( in the :-vernue they found that a ladJ"s sler wr.:c!. a genrtleinan's goll chain and fl three r:-. r had been taken front thle bed- a roamn sn:e t:ne during the day. The I mi::tr was treporttd to the p,,lice, anl I C, r .'ie Qu:nn n-as detailedi t., make in- ii r?esui;t:,ti->. boIt si far ha.s discovered It n~t.iing hkely to, lead to the ditcrvery of d the perperratr., of the thbbety. Entrance b t tha- ba hi'mt aas- evidently tif-eted by it means if :he wvitdt,w, as the ftitprinits of I a man a?Cre clearly dliscernib!e on the a' veras:,d h. THe ctnonittee of the Canperdown LaId,- Chi.:tabale Fund desire to ac kns,-',ie the recs-ipt of parcels of cloth- is i:: fr.:, Mhs. I 1'.Irthur and Mrs. John ti :ever.? :r The -advent of c',ld weather ti aw-e- twre.assl tiemanlds upon the society t, f.r awe.arli a pparel and gifts taking this n f .a are very welcome to the committee. T A -rI.r-itin .pportunity will be affrded t th .si detir, as of making a s,;und invest mnt.t Ir Jo,,hn Thurntous Itooms on S:a:Miy -. rt, when a valuable farm in th: e-'ate .,f :he late John Coupar will be dis. sed , i. The property comprises 4)03 acr-,. mail t, ius ivided into three pad- ci d,-cks. all -ecur-ly fenced. It is watered at by h :ra e d s-u and well. A four-roomed at thr.'-I.il dwelling house is erected tt cn it. :,?ethr with stable atd ither farmn tl bui ir,-.. -- i - within 14 miles of CasI pe?.a,-:. ini :idj,,ius Mr. J. Chishlmn's far-. The at e is in ctnnection with the ti S.il. , ,f the e.-tate, and ohould cunom mn; ::i,: "he ,:teautitn ,:f all seeking a li c i.a1 eL,:,: tpr,,perty iof assured value. m Tae clck :lku .M:ifold street erected `hy t be:-:h the late Mr. T. P. Manifold haj be· n entrusted to Mr. C. M'Cabe, t -.:cm i sAker. ftr three Iontths lby Messrs. is T. t;a:lt anid Co. in order that it may at be -':a ,: . The task of winding it up q in rathetr nt ardu,,us one and occupies as three ,':arters of ani hour on each oeca- va 'i--n af t!p L. I. "warda who has for the p-: if ur ye.ar tiilled the position of ace at;t.tt ti the C.ulperdown Branch oi the auIik or \"ictoria has been tr.::-arme,- arud his place has been taken by M.r ,r:a:ner. During his sojourn in tI the ditr:e" Mr. Ilaward has proved him- qi serf a z? ,l.us and throughly efficient si oi:r., a-ri !,.s unfailing courtesy has won hi2 t:e ,.--al ,pinion not only the cus tooer-,. the bank, but of the general O pui-c. H- lteavess behind him a lari-e nu::,rr ,f ftr:ends awhose best wishes he has ftr ht sacces, wherever hlie may be d,,:ied.ai Acc,,rdintg to the usual custom af the !ulk. Afr. Howard has been first c1 Cordered t, the' head office, from whence o ilis be tr-insfe-red to his destination. A 'a garth-rin::- :f a n:utber of his friends took ' place a: the Commercial Hotel yes t-tJay raft ,tin,,n, when hlie was pre- r s?ieti a>:il hilndsolie gol chain, s a S .saa; ,nf - t lie ,steele in w.hich he was hed. a i il aking the presentation Mr. J. L E. HI. x ir d regret at the sudden- p nti e- -ir. Mr ,HIard s departure, as it did c1 n,,t t.; h'- frientds a proper chance of i rec.gr::-:. his wurthi. However, it was cetern,?,-,i thait he should not be allowed 1 tu wr:i, ,u a suitabile present, and on behali ,,a nunmber of friends he asked Mr. He wrn t:o accept the gold chain as a al .ken ,f their feelings towards him, and 3 exprassel "he hope that he wuld live R lone ti -ar it. M1r. Howard, in accept- it int the chtin, thanked the donors for i their kiindness. It was gratifying to 3 know that he was not forgotten, and he C warnyi r-ciprolated the kindly feeling I tat h.l been expressed towards him. C Gis were then charged, and Mr. i Govett pr,,psed the health of the guest. I He said that 3Mr. Howard had been all I that a iua-nager could wish, and during I the fur years they had been aussciated I they hadi never had a cross word. He wihed i Mr. Howard health, wealth, and pr,,sperity wherever he went. He was vary sarrv t. lose Mr. Howard, but what was hi 1,-ss would be somebody else'again. The t',,t was drunk with rinusicil honors, a1d Mr. Howard feelingly responded, ex prassin- the hope that he would be under as g,,d a manager as Mr. Govrett, who had treated him well not only as an officer but a- a friend. The company then ad jurmed to the railway statio,' where a ' pirtlna cheer was given to Mr. Howard as tha tr-ait departed for Melbourate. THE Rev. William M'Donald will preach in cottrction with the Free Presbyterian Church in the Temperance Hall on Sun day next, morning and evening. The miraing service will be at the usual hour and the evening service at 7 o'clock. Tne application of William C. Till fota lete for 114 acres in the parish of [a Trhbe has been approved. THE Government dairy expert, Mr. D. 'hilson, has reported to the Agricultural dtepartmnent in favour of the adoption of the "Glacier "' butter box for shipping purpOses. The saving in measurement averages about 2 feet per tom, and the butter is kept cooler than in'the ordinary Packing cases. Mr. Wilson suggests that the " Glacier" bor might advantageously be made the uniform butter box for all olunies, as patent rights have been se cured for it throughout Australasia and Great Britain, and it could not bo copied ir. other countries which compete with us in the London market. TiE stock to be offered at Mr. Joht Thornton's yards on Saturday next will in clude fat cows, springing heifers, and young heifers; 200 fat crossbred ewes, 140 4-tooth crossbred ewes and wethers in forward condition, and 30 pigs. i- TItaRE was a crowded audience in the as Mechanics' Hall on Saturday evening, to sy witness the performance by the company at of blind musicians from the Royal Vic er torian Institute for the blind. The chair ts was occupied by Mr. Win. Scott. The r- decorations in the hall had been allowed 5- to remain by the kindness of Mr. Thorn a ton, and Mr. Russell's furniture was placed te at the disposal of the company. The a- programme was an exceedingly interesting s one and the items were enthusiastically received by the audience. The string e band attached to the institute rendered i1 two selections at the beginning of each i- part of the programme,. "La Sirsne" s (Auber) rnd a selection from Maritata. if the latter being exceptionally well played' zf The prima donna of the company was undoubtedly Miss M. Raufer, who has on e previous occasions been heard in Camper e down. She has an excellent voice mid e knows how to use it and her contribu tions " The Prmnise of Life," and "The Carnival" were warmly received, and most deservedly so. " The Old Countree" was very sweetly rendered by Miss E. 31 George, and Mr. C. Watson gave an ox cellent rendering of " The Yeoman Wed ding." Mr. M. Taylor was loudly ap plauded for his song " Father O'Flynn," the Hibernian humor of which he brought out fully. There were also several concerted pieces which evinced the care fulness with which the various members of the company had been. trained. The o duet "The mothband the flame," by Miss Bowen and Mr. Giniff hi d to be re r peated in response to the plaudits of the audience, and a. trio from "I SNaviganti" was equally well rec ived. The choir also rendered "The Gallant Troubadour," "Sweet Echo," "Little Jack Horner," and "Come, Fairies, Trip It." A violin solo was given by Mr. F. Hunter, a piano duet, "Pas de Charge," by Messrs. H. John and F. Hunter, and a cornet duet from " Norma" by rMasters D. Palmer and W. Leeden. On the whole the performance was a thoroughly enjoyable one and amply repaiid those who attended At the conclusion of the programme I Mr. Whinfield, the musical director, thanked all those who had helped to make the entertainment a success ftinancially and otherwise, and the chairman responded. (hi Sunday afternmoo a sacred concert was riven in the hall which was filled to over tlo xing, and a collection was taken up in 1 aid of the Institute which realised £4 4s 10d. The surplus of the collection at the Presbyterian Church in the morn ing, and St. Paul's Church of Eng- t land in thile evening,. was also I devoted to the same purpolase, the contri bution from the P'resyterian Church be- I in-g £ 1)0s and from St. Paul's £2 10s. d The heon. ti eastrur (Mr J. 11. Phillips) e anticipates that the net result ,,t the comn pans 's visit to Carnperdown will be about £21. A sonncArrox appeared in the last issue of the " Government Gazette "' that A the Princetown Cheese and Butter Fec. tity Company is to be wound up volun- A tarily, but that is only a formal step necessitated by the new Companies Act. This act had been passed before the re.gis tratiou of the company had been com pleted, so that it had to be commenced b d- notn. To enable this to be done it was b requisite to go into liquidation. Sfr Dr. Hill dentist will visit Camperdown a on Satarday 2th inst, and may be consulted at Camden Vll!a. 3Ir. H. G. Stansmore will run a drag to the Dixie Races on Thursday next, leaving l, i the stables at noon. The attention of our readers is drawn to the advertisement headed " Hypol" in an- Il other column- "llypol," -s its name n signifies, is a preparation composed of cod liver oil and hypophosphates, and has for t, many years beenu supplied by the proprietors i, to the chilIren's and womten'- hospitals t where it is greatly valued, especially inas much as it is easily ,digested and the taste of the oil which is often offensive to invalids, is entirely removed. It is put up in bottles P at 2s &1, each bottle containing double the t quantity given in similar preparations at the same price. " Hypol " is of inestimable a value in all cases of influenza or pulmonary 8 affections of whatever kind. f 