QUEEN ELIZIBETR'รก GHOST. MB. GLYNN, a lieutenant in tho Grenadiers, has seen Queen Elizabeth's ghost in the library at Windsor Castle. He is at present at Islay, but lie has authorised the publica- tion of an account of his adventure given by his mother. The Hon. Mrs. Carr-Glyn said : " It is perfectly true that my son has witnessed something abnormal. He was, he tells me, sitting ยกn the library of Windsor Castle reading a book-the History of Dorsetshire, to be exact. As he read, he became aware of somebody passing in the inner library. He looked up and saw a female figure-in black, with black lace on the head falling on to the shoulders. The figure passed across the library towards a corner which was out of view as my son sat, and he did not take much notice, thinking it was somebody reading in the inner room This was just upon 4 in the afternoon, and an attendant soon afterwards came up to close the place. My f on asked who the lady was who was at work in the inner room, and the attendant replied that no one else was in the library. My son assured the attendant that a lady had just before walked across the inner room. 4 Then where could she be ?' asked the attendant, having ascertained that nobody was in the inner room. ' She must have gone out of a door in the corner,' said my son, indicating the corner to which the figure had passed. ' But there is no door,' said the attendant. My son said nothing about this incident and did not think very much about it, I understand, until Mr. Holmes, the librarian, asked him about it, the attendant having mentioned the matter to Mr. Holmes. Asked by Mr. Holmes to describe the figure he had seen, my son did so, and Mr. Holmes replied i ha' my son had seen the apparition of Oueen Elizabeth. Mr. Holmes added that trrere were records that this apparition haunted these rooms, but Lieutenant Glyn was the first man in our time who had seen it The Dean of Windsor also asked my son about it, and several members of the Koyal family have interviewed him on the subject. Mr. Holmes says that this gallery has had thc reputation of being haunted by the ghost of Queen Elizabeth from time ont of memory. His own recollection of the story dates from twenty-seven years ago, and he has been in the habit of spending Hal- lowe'en in the gallery for several years in the hope of encountering her deceased Majes'y. He had heard some rumor to the effect that the Empress Frederick had, when a child, seen an appari- tion in the gallery, and on her visiting Windsor hopes to secure some corrobora- tion sr denial of the rumor." 