THE STORY-TELLER. THE MYSTERY OF BARTOP WELL. "Come away, Pat, it ain't safe; you might fall." "Pab! (rfit away. It's only fools like you that are frightened. I'm going to look down," and Pat McGann stretched himself full length on the sloping yellow mud hank at the well's month, unprotected by windlass or stay of any kind, and looked into the slimy, stag nant depths. "Here, Fred," he cried, raising himself; "you come and look down." But a look of terror came into the face of the half-besotted lad as he drew back and cried, "No, no; I ain't going to look clown there! I'm afraid of wells I I hate wells." " But there's something down here I want you to come and see," persisted Pat. " I ain't going to look down, I tell you! Why, it's a hundred and fifty feet deep." " And what if it is, Fred?" said the other in a soft, insinuating voice. "I woir b let you fall down ; you just come arid look." "No! no! no!" and he kept edging away till he got to the foot of the sloping bank. "Come, on back, and don't be a fool," paid Pat, o^axingly. "I'll hold you so yon don't fail, while you look down and see what this is floating in the water." After a great deal of persuasion Fred con sented to stretch himself down and peer I cautiously over the edge, while Pat held him I by the coat. ^ j " Don't you see it, Fred?" " No; I t;an just see a speck of water, that's ] all." "But lean further over; you can't see like that; further yet." There was a movement from the man behind, and the coat slipped from his grasp. A j cry rang out- ft wild horrified cry that filled ! the well with ahundred echoes, and ended in a i dull, distant, fearfni splash. The birds seemed to shriek and fly from the shelter of trees that stood sentinel roar, and Pat M;Gann straightened himself and stood up by the yawning well's mouth-alone. The ni*ht wmd cawe aoughintf and sighing ! through the twisted branches of the ,o:;iar!ed : i old box-Ire.-^ with a dreary sound -a dark, I moonless night with a filmy li.;/e that, shutout ; f!id :-.tars. N-'.t a sound- broke the <-e.ie still I r.css but the rustling branches and the drifting j leaves. Inside t.'no hut all srs efjual'iy still, | though three men sat round a. gericr.-ius riro, i and irv, bn^kir.;-; in f i.e. wanv.th. I John Iv k iifl.'i dropped the wuck-.-».*j paper, I j that was fvcoi. ancv.^ti 10 tii&o; country sons of toil, and sat clasping his knees and looking dreamily into the tire. On either hand eat hie two men-one, a> half-caste, plaiting arfbip; the other, with a long-pointed burnt stick taken from the fire, wae making caricatures of the others on the brown mad wall of the fire place. " Isn't it about time we fed up for the night, boys?" he cried, suddenly, as his eyes loet their dreamy look and he canght sight of bis own nose drawn about two feet long in char coal on the wall. " I guess it is," said the amateur, dropping his stick, " but who's going to water the horses. You don'tcatch me down at that hole again after dark; I've had 'bout 'nough of it this last week." John Esk laid his head back and gave a long chuckling, gurgling laugh of scorn and amuse ment mingled. It was the third or fourth time that Jim had aunounccd his dislike of watering the horses. He spoke of mysterious Bounds he had heard, and that the horses seemed to hear and tremble at, and of queer creepy feelings that caine over him, feelings that made his flesh shake and bis hair stand up; and now he stood stoutly up and said he would water them no more. Oh! it was too good; and John Esk laughed loud and long. " Laugh away. It's better than crying; out I guesa you won't laugh quite so ioud if you hear them hobble rings." " What, Jim, you still persist in the belief of the bobble rings?" and the laugh took his breath again. " I tell you,"cried Jim hotly, "as regular as I go down to water the horses at nitrbt a horse with hobbles gallops past the woil, and stops down there amongst tho trees." " And you never see-hiin?" "No. Nor you wont sec him." "Rubbish." "All right. Go and sen for yourself." "So I will. You bod and feed tliem, and I'll take them to water. Ilere, George, help out with this boiled wheat, and I'll see what s to be made of Jim's ghost," and with laughter and jests between the half-caste and Esk they proceeded to the stable, but Jim looked on tho matter as too serious for jest or laugh. John Esk let down the rails for tho horsep, when Jim called,Halter the roan or she'll give you the slip." "How's that? She's as quiet as a Iamb." "Perhaps she is; but all the same she's bolted from me these last three nights. She goes like the wind whenever she hears the sound of the hobbles." John Esk was an obstinate man, and he felt half-reluctant to ta-ko tho halter- rope from the halfcaste, who had quietly slipped it over tho mare's head with a creepy feeling of the supernatural pervading him. _ The horses went down the narrow track single file to the waterhole, followed by John Esk leading the roan by the halter. Sho was the quietest out of the team, but very timid. The two men left at the stable were curious as to what would happen, and leaving their work they followed to within a few chains of the hole. For the space of a minute or two nothing could be heard but tho horses sucking the water in with their big soft lips, while John Esk, in spite of his derision, was listening as intently as thereat. Presently through the dreary still ness from somewhere away down in the flat came that peculiar jump, jump, of a hobbled horse. The sounds came nearer and nearer, the rattle of tho chains as they struck together ringing out with a startling clearness. It was no vain imagination of the brain, as John Esk would have it not ten minutes before; the sound was there if there was no substance, and he did not hoar it alone. Every horse had raised his head with a sharp jerk at the first sound, and kept them raised, and the two men heard, and came closer, till John Esk caught sight of them through the dusk of night, and experienced a feeling of comfort. The sound of the hobbled hoofs came on till they stopped at the yellow-clay . auk of the well just above the hole, and tho men, straining their eyes through the darkness, saw nothing, while the hoises around the >";le stood as if petrified. They did not even brfiC.' e. Nothing could be beard but the water drip ping from their mouths into the hole. Anight hawk flitted by and broke the still ness, and something like a whistling sigh of wind came from the bank of the well, then tho hobbles moved again, and a, horse full speed went past ttetween the men on the bank and the horses at water. The invisible hoofs, with the hobble chains ringing out, flew down the slope where the sounds died as suddenly away as they had come, while the terrified horses broke into a wild stampede, the roan pulling John Esk off his feet with the suddenness of her mad flight. It was midnight before all the horses were found and put in the stable, and then a serious talk over the mysterious occurrence followed. "I don't believe in ghosts,"said John Esk from his seat before the freshly stirred fire. "Never have. But hearing the like of that close to you, and seeing nothing, is too much of a shatter to a fellow's nerves, and there must be a cause for it. What do you chaps think it is?" " I believe it's nothing but a message from Fred Linton," said Jim, solemnly. "From Fred Linton! Why, he went to Pinaroo months ago! Is he dead, do you mean?" " You ask Pat McGann." "What does Pat McGann know?" " I believe Pat McGann knows more than is safe for bim to tell." "But he said Fred went to Pinaroo." "Who with?" asked Jim, sceptically. " Why with some fellow with sheep.1' " YeB; and who is the fellow?" " I don't know," said John Esk, beginning to look doubtful. "No, neither does any one else-not even Pat McGann." "But what motive could he have had for doing a\^y with Fred?" " Why, don't you remember that ca-se he was tried for, and Fred was the only witness. It was at that time Fred disappeared, and Pat's case fell through for want of evidence." "Good Heavens! Yes, I remember it all! But what makes you so sure of this? " ".Tust what I have been hearing this last few nights. You saw what a sweat the horses were in to-night, and they were nearly a-s bad last night, but you fellows only laughed at mo." " P.ufc if this is what people call a ghostly visitation, what a mysterious form for it to take." "Fred a!ways kept his horse hobbled down hero in the swamp."' said Jim. "And do you believe he is down tho well?'' " r do." Next morning the men went down together to the spot, where the sounds of the hoiib'ed feet had died away. and were, horrified to find the d«*<ul body of Pat Mf' !ann lying with its fare turned upward wide-eyed to tho still c!ear ,-ky. An inc.nest was h«!d. and they returned ft veriiif-.i. " Iii.-rt 117 the vi- irif on of God. ' 