fLocal flotes & 3Eeuas. No Bill. — The Attorney-General has re fused to file a bill in the case of James Con nor, committed for trial by the Glen Innes bench, on a .charge of attemptedrape. School of Arts. — At a special meeting of members on Friday evening Messrs. E. Gro- ver, J. Priest, and F. J. Thomas were nomi- nated as trustees, in lieu of Messrs. U Keele, Burnett, and Matthews, whose names had been removed from the trust. Mrs. H. C. Holmes is again to the fore with daffodils, Jonquils, primroses, etc. We have seen some choice blooms ot these pretty flowers at Messrs. H. S. Vincent and Co/s. Yarrow School. — We have been asked why the new school building at Yarrow, Red Range, is not opened for the use of pupils, Our informant states that the school was completed some time ago, and there are, he states, between 20 and 30 children of the re quired age in the vicinity. If our informant is correct, It is strange a teacher has not been appointed. There was some difficulty in get ting a school built at Yarrow, and parents re siding there are naturally anxious that their children should be enabled to get the benefit the Education system affords. Artificial Grasses. — Mr. W, F. Ogilvie, of Uparran, does not rely solelv on the indi genous grasses for pasture. On the estate he has many acres of perennial, rye, cocksfoot, lucerne, and clovei; under cultivation ; and we are told that the sheen on the meadow just 'now is a sight that would repay a Hunter farmer to behold. London House. — This popular business establishment, which for some time past has been conducted by Mr. A. Mears as " The Emporium," is about to change hands. The new proprietors (Messrs. Thiselton and Brodie), who will take charge next month, are represeuted as smart, capable men, of proved commercial integrity, and are likely to prove good and worthy townsmen in every way. We understand that it is proposed to establish a new order of things at London House, and henceforward everything con nected with the business will be up to the times. Some important alterations are to be made in the establishment, and, as will be seen from advertisement elsewhere, tenders have been invited for work relating thereto. It is the intention of Messrs. Thiselton and Brodie to signalise their opening with an en tirely new stock. We wish the new firm a full measure of success. N Fruit Pests. — Our readers interested in fruit-growihg should not fail to consult Mr W. W. Froggatt, the Government expert, dur ing his present visit to Glen Innes. Next Thursday afternoon, at the close of the P. and A. A. committee meeting, Mr. Froggatt purposes addressing orchardists and others, when we have no doubt he will be able to give valuable information and advice in mat ters relating to the subject of which he will treat. % ' Anglican. — 10th Sunday after Trinity, August 22 — Holy Trinity, holy communion at 8, mattins at 11, evensong at 7.30 ; Christchurch, Dundee, at 3 ; Red Range at 11 ; Linwood (Mrs. Miller's) at 3- Friday — Yarrow Creek (Mr. C. G. Morley's), ser vice and baptisms at-. 3. On Wednesday and Thursday next, the Rev. Peter Dingseu, Church of Eugland missionary to the Chiuese) will hold spe cial services in Trinity Church for Chinese at 8 p.m. To-night— Teachers meeting at 7.30 — Rev. Canon King, vicar ; Mr. E. C. Knox, lay reader. Presbyterian. — Services for Sunday next : — Glen Innes at 11 and 7.30, Welliugrove at 3— Rev. J. Edwards, B.A. Fellowship association on Thursday at 7.30. Concert. — We beg to draw the attention of our readers to the programme which appears in our advertising colnmus of the football concert which is to be held to-morrow evening in the Town Hall. It is a most attractive one, and should be the means of drawing a crowded house. The secretary (Mr. Debenham) assures us tickets are selling rapidly, so we advise those who wish to spend a pleasant even ing to be at the door early. The gallery will.be open for those who prefer it. Stock Movements.— For week ending August 14 : — 120 fat bullocks from Redford, Mitchell, Qd., to Flemiugton, Donald M'Lean owner ; 17 heifers from Wallangarra and 59 from Tenterfield to Lis- more, E. Smith and J. BurgesB owners ; 86 fat bullocks from Roserale, Ipswich, and four do. from Baliandean to Flemington, James Fletcher owner ; 100 fat bullocks from Wooroowoolgin, R.R, to Flemington, J, C. Henderson, owner ; 30 fat bul locks from Tenterfield to Flemington, Walker's Trustees owners ; 33 fat bullocks from Runyniede, R.R., to Quirindi, A, J. Fleming owner ; 120 fat bullocks from Runyniede to Aberdeen, and 50 to .Flemington, A. J. Fleming owoer ; 62 fat bullocks from Dyraaba to FlemiDgton, Hugh Wallace ; four tat bullocks from Glen Lyon, Qd., to Farley, H. E. and V. White owners ; 88 fat cows from Pike- dale, Queensland, to Flemington, Doyle Brothers owners ; 118 fat bnllocks and one Devon bull from Canning Downs to Armidale, George Baker owner; 144 fat bullocks from Dyraaba and Kyoglo to Flemingtou, Doyle Brothers owners ; 79 mixed cattle trom Queensland to Eulalic, Tooloon, C. A. C, Chauvel owner ; 3015 store wethers from Bon Accord, Dalby, on the road for Stonehenge, G. M- Simpson ; 1343 store wethers from Arrawatta to Cooringoorah, T. Cook and Co. owners ; 2000 ewes from Newstead South, 100 rams from Dinton Vale, and 20 from Jeera to Lemon Grove, Stirton Bros, owners ; 510 fat wethers from Coolootai to Tenter field, Walker's Trustees owners ; 2964 store wethers from Eton Vale, Warwick, Queensland, to Rockvale, Armidale, — . Gill owner ; 3370 meriuo sheep from Waterloo to Grcenbank, John A. Mitchell, owner ; 995 fat crossbred wethers from G'e" Lyon, Queensland, to Farley, H E. A. and V. White ; 30 horses from Dyraaba to Flem ington, — . Molloy owner ; 62 horses from Ipswich, Queensland, to Flemington, Allan Hines and M. M'Donnell owners ; two bay ponies from Pikedale, Queensland, to Tenterfield, J. French owner. A'Piccdliar Prize. — Among the prizes offered at a late Agricultural Show in this colony (says the Minister for Agriculture) was one for " The Ugliest Woman," No wonder that the Government has shut down on subsidising such farces. Why not, instead of calling it an agricultural show dub it a Fundi and Judy Show ? Nothing further from agriculture will he found in Punch's Temple of Wonders. Then again who has ever heard of an ugly woman? and wlu re is the man who would do the judgiug ? Singular Coincidences. — A certain peasant and his wife, in Germany were, says a London maga-. zine, married on the same day as the Emperor aud Empress, the peasant's Christian name being Wil liam. Their first child, a boy, was born on the same day as the Crown Prince, after which they had five other sons, each of whom was born at the same time at the five younger boys of the Emperor. The royal couple were informed of this, aud were exceedingly interested in this very strange co incidence, but this interest was intensified when, on' the last occasion of a Royal birth — namely, the little daughter of the Emperor — it was learned that the peasant's wile in questiou had also given birth to a daughter on the same day. So astonished were the Emperor and Empress, that they stood as godfather and godmother to this little girl, and have well provided for herluture. Brother Jonathan's Little Bill. — If for the deeds doneau the;body;the'ghost of Butler is com pelled to hover about the earth (remarks the Queenslander) it is possibly deriving a good deal of comfort from the revelations which have been made as to the costs of the extradition from Ame rica. One may imagine the murderer's spirit seated on some cloud or barren peak, chuckling and rub bing its ghostly bauds with glee at the thought that its death was not accomplished without great difficulty and enormous expense. For show pur poses Butler might have been cheap at £6,000,! but for trial and execution he was a very dear bargain. The solicitors employed, by the British Consul at San Francisco, - who have demanded this uncon scionable sum, place a high price upon au' escaped criminal. Their demaud is bad enough, but why on earth the Attorney-General at San Francisco should receive a present iof' a punch bowl, tea and coffee service, and other fixings worth £100 it is hard to see. The British Consul must be trying to pull Mr. Want's leg. It isj little wonder that Mr. Want indicates that if extradition is to be at tended with expenses of this sort he will advise his Government to let foreign countries keep colonial criminals. Buried Alive for-Eighteen Years.— A'icase of the grossest brutality, which at the same time illustrates a remarkable tenacity to life under the most adverse circumstances, is reported from Italy. At Sesto Imoluse, near Bolonga, the police have discovered a young womau, twenty-two. years of age, who has been practically buried alive for eighteen years, When four years old she lost con secutively the use of her arms and legs, but so far from being pitied her inhuman parents threw her into a disused cistern hy the side of the house and fastened a board over the top. Twice daily, pieces of bread and onions were thrown into" the' cistern, and from time to time a pot of water was intro duced, but no further notice was taken of the 'girl. After eighteen years passed thus soma carabineers patrolling the district discovered her through hear- ing her scream during the night. She was promptty removed to the Saletta Hospital at Imola, where some hopes were entertained of improving her de- alorable condition. Married'. at Eighty-six, — At Laporte, Indiana James Sax ton, aged eighty-six, ancTMary Twinkle, aged eighty, residents of Noble County, have been united in marriage. The nuptials were, says an exchange, -the- sequel of early love. The couple plighted their'troth over half a century ago, but became separated, since which time Saxton has buried three wives, while Mrs. Twiukle has mourned four husbands. The aged Twain recently renewed the courtship, aud agreed to spend their last years as husband and wife. Mrs. Twiukle still has the ring given her by the lover pf her youth, and.jit was used in the ceremony which united the. aged„ lovers, 