WHOSO FINOETH A WIFE. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. BY WILLIAM LE QUEUX, _ XOTHOR OP ''THE GREAT AVAR IN ENGLAND IN 1897," IZORAIDA," "STOLEN SOULS, GUILTY BONDS," "A SECRET SERVICE," &o.;, &c.; . copyright. 'v:. CHAPTER XXXIV.— (ConUnued.) ,,- a'ne 'iruitn! stie cried' hoarsely.- 'at -war., her ham d upon her throbbing breast. "You ask'ime to clear- suspicion from 'the woman whose whim1 it has been to marry, you, and tiefused, beoause I should bring tter happi- ness and' remove from' 'her the terror that now: holds her enthralled; But I have re considered my decision. I " ' ' .'"Ah/ .tell me!". I exclaimed, interrupting her In my. 'eagerness-. " > "I will speak because my . dlclosures, re markable though ithey .may be, will not only bring peace to you- a-nd your wife, but. will al so prove a t trifle disconcerting -to -hex com panions. Once they hunted, ane from town to 'town as' a. criminal;' they will now h-ag to me for mercy upon their 'ltriees.'! - ,"Tell irje. Do .not conceal the itruit'h lon- Ber;' - 1 cried anxiously. / , . . "No. Only in Elizaveta's presence will .1 speak," she- un,swe;:ed,- in la totralned 1 voice, that qulv.er&d; with violent emotion. ' . "Let us start for Paris to- night. AVhe,h the niobn rises I. will guide .you .through the. forest Into Germany; 'we can cross the 'Jura 'by 'the bridge beyond AlVstelnen. and from Tilsit take train to Berlin. In two days we can ba In Paris. Take me -to her," she said with sudden eagerness, "and you shall both learn facts that will astound you." "I am quite ready," I said. "I knew you alaine would prove my friend." "No,'.' she. answered, . regarding, me gTavely. /'No, GeofCreyi'-Xt Is'-a' secret full-of grim realities and ugly revelations, which, when disclosed, will, I fear, cause you to -hate me and count :me' among your, en.etm.les. But ybu seek the truth; you sh≪ therefore be satisfied." ' ' " ' CHAPTER XXXV.— CONFESSION, "Her Highness has this moment returned from driving, m'sieur," -answered the .big 'Russian concierge. when, . accompanied by Sonla, I entered the hall of the great house iprtlie Avenue, des Champs Elysees, and, handed him a card. -, - .. . Then, a second servant in the blue ' and gold livery ' of the; Romanoffs, Conducted us ceremoniously .along- the wide . soft-carpeted corridor to the well-remembered room wherein I had taken leave of the woman I loved. My companion,- In her neat tailor- made travelling gown of dark grey cloth, looked a very diftVrnt person, to the dirty, kinkempt peasant woman. who led that hand of desperate gaol-birds on the frontier; and as she glanced a.round the fine apartment on entering,- she obae'vedvhvith a slight sigh, that this 'was hot her first visit; " ' The afternoon was breathless. All Paris had left for the plages of Arcachon, Dieppe, or TrouvlUe; or the baths of Royal, Vichy or Luchom. and the boulevards were given over- to unhappy business men, cafe loungers and soft-hatted gaping tourists In check tweeds. The green jalousies of the room were closed, the senses were suffused with a.' tender ami-restful twilight, for-the glare; had been tempered to suit the dreamy laln- gou' of that great mansion's world- weary miter eSs. The open windows admitted with- air the faint -sound of- traffic from -the . Avenue. A lad passing somewhere outside' whistled a few bars from the gay chanso- nette, "SI qu'on- leur-z-y f'ralt ca, which Jodie was singing nightly with enormous su'ttess at the Summer Alcazar. - I noticed that- upon ' the piano there still stood my own photograph; while -that of my betrayer had : been replaced by a picture- of my wife. With my back to the great tiled hearth, filled with ferns' and flowers, and surround ed by its wonderful mantel of Italian sculp-, tured mai'ble.I waited, while Sonla, fatigued after our long and dusty journey; sank Into one of the silken armchairs, unloosened her coat,- and sniffed a,t lier little silver bottle of smelling-salts. Scarce a word had she uttered during our drive across the city (fronr the -Gare de Lyon, so full she seemed of unutterable sadness.- -During severpl minutes we , remained in silence; whdn, without waimtog, the long doors of-nvhilte and gold were fl'um'g .open by the flunkey who, advancing Into .tihe room, oinmiouinced his mistress. Next instant we were face to face. "All ! Geoffrey. At last!" shie cried, with flushed cheeks, a smile of glad welcome light ing up her pal'e countenance, as slue mishied towards m'e with ouitstretchiad hands. A se cond later, noticing iScinlla; She suddenly halt ed. Instantly a change passed over her face. She was unlike the gay, llght- lte(airtod girl who lowed to idle up the quiet Thames back- -waters, cur punit lailc-ng thte banks at sun.u down. She was different -from the happy, trustful bride who had wandered with me during Uioee autumn dwys in quaint old Oha- teauroux. She' had -rtelno of the flush of joy ous youth, and tlic -harder lines of resolve ant' d-e'tormlnaitlcln, were softened by an ex pression for which then® is no better word tthfun cors?icratloei. TMire were signs of en- uirance In lier face, but it uias not the endur ance of the martyr, not of the -ohaniplon. ./Facing Scinia she dvew herself up haughitl- ly# and demaindteid in French in a harsh, an- E/'Towhat, pray, do I owe this Intrusion? I< should h-ave-tnoug>njr- muu wjrh passed you would mot dare to com/? here. But I . luupose cool a.udacity is a cha»iacteristic . that must ba cultivated by a woman of your character." . , ,Soriia rose slowly from her chair, Iter fea tures haggard aind blanched, lier hlsiad bent ellehtlv. as if in penltelnce. No 'effort did she rriiake to r.fsor.it the bitter aingry words my wlf'. had uttered, but in a low tone simply "I have come hero with Geoffrey to tell you , 'Tl." -truth!" echoed the Grand Duohltlss, with wiJUherlng contempt. "The truth from such as you! -Who would bslieive it? MWalt! Hear me /before you denounce jne " Sonla urged, in a atnamge, hollow voice, that- sounded like one speaking In the far distalnclc. "I do not deny that my presence may seem unwarrantable. I admit tltvajt be tween us tluare can no longer be frlieind8hlp, yet strange iit is that, although you aire howest. upright and raspeobeid, while I aim a social outcast, snurned and degraded by all, there nevertheless exists a common bond between aiq — the bond of love. You lovie Geoffrey, the wan who by law Is your husband, while : I Jove another, a man you also know, ana j,er voice faltered, "the man Ito whom you denounced me as base and worthless. _ f'Well asked Ella, standing stern, up- l-jtht, full of calm, unruffled dignity. She still wore the cod-looking summer gown in- which she had been driving Jn the Bois and had' not -removed her large black hat i\ Itli Its long ostrich plumes. .. „ , I'You are quite right, -quite right, admitted in' a; voice trembling with emotion. "Ytou were justified to undeceive him as you- did. I know, alas, how black- is my heart— how. blunted is all the womanly feeling- 1, once possessed, like you. But you have been nurtured in the lap 'of Lluxury, wliile -I fe.d fiom Infancy ujion the offal of a slum, and taught to regard the world from a cynical point of view, have grown iold' In evil-doing, and: am now a more derelict- in the stream of life. Long ago we met, and panted.. I tic-ated you, as I- did others, as an enemy. We have now met again, and'I, conscience- stricken and penitent, have come to atone for the -past — to, prove your friend, to beg for giveness." , ' My wife shrugged her- shoulders with a gesture of qulok Impatience. "Ah! You dori't- belifeve I am in earnest," cried the unhappy woman. "Has it never occurred to you' that rI alone <;an free you from' the bond fhat hhs heiu you aloof from your husband?!!' ' ' j . ."AVhat do ydu: Kleap?"/ cried Ella, with a puzzled expression. ;."I mean," she answered, in a deep, ear liest, voice. "I mean ithat If you will make full and open cohfeslson ,to Geoffrey I will furnish you with pro'of positive of the iden tity ;of the murderer bf Dudley Ogle. By this meanB only can you obtain freedom from your- bondage of guilt." 1 "My freedom;" echoed- my wife. She was pule as death; her hot, -dry Hps moved con vulsively, and she glanced at me. in feverish apprehension. "How can you give me my freedom?" "By revealing the truth," Sonla answered. "When you have told Geoffrey all, then will I disclose the terrible secret that I have sel fishly' kept from - you because I envied you your happiness." iThe'' Silence remained unbroken for some moments. Ella stood with 'her -gloved hands clasped before 'her.' The haughty demeanour 'of < the daughter of the Romanoffs had en tirely forsaken her; with head bent she stood immovable as a statue. Terror and despair showed themselves in her clear, bright eyes. It seemed as though she mistrusted this woman of evil rfepute, whose assertions half induced her to confess to me. "Come, Sonla said. "Speak, and freedom, love and happiness are yours." ; Her breast, beneath its lace and flims-v muslin, heaved. and fell. Her fingers hitched themselves nervously In the trimming of her gown. Then, at last, with sudden resolve, ' she 'tunned, -and 'With terror-stricken even fixed upon me, said In English, in low, fal tering tones-r- I "'To confess to you, Geoffrey, will cause you to ihate, ahf even to curse me. After to day I fear we shall pant never again to meet." : "No,- no," I cried,, advancing to take 'her soft hand in mine. "Tell- me- your secret. Then let 11s hear what Sonia has -to reveal." "Ah! mine Is a wretched," horrible story of duplicity," my .wife faltered, standing in. an attitude of, deep. dejection. "Although I am a Grand Duchess, . -the bearer 'of an Im/peris.J name, I can hope for neither pity nor mergy from you, or from the world outside." "Why?"- '- "Because I have foully- deceived you. I am a spy!" . 1 i "A spy!" X gasped, amazed. "What do you mean?" . "Listen; I will tell you," she answered, in a hard, strained voice, swaying slowly for ward and. clutching at. the -table -for support. "Three years ago, when my mother, the Grand Duchess Nicholas, was still -alive, we were spending some months as-usual at our winter villa that flaced the Mediterranean at St. Eugene, close to Algiers, and my -mo ther engaged as valet de chambre an Eng lishman. Soon 'this man grew, I suppose, to , admire me, He pestered me with hateful o'lfenitions, and at last had the audacity to declare his love. Als may be readily -Imagin ed, I scornfully rejected hl.rn, treated him with contempt, and finding 'that ihe still con tinued his protestations, meeting me when I went for -walks -along the sea road to Al giers, or under the palms and orange groves in the J-ardin Marengo, I one day, in a fit of ill-tem.ner, -disclosed to my mother the whole of the circumstances. The fellow was at once discharged, buit before he left for Europe he wrote me a -letter full of bitter . reproach, and expressed ihis determination to some day wreak vengeance upon me, ia,s well as upon a young Englishman whom he suspected that I loved. His suspicions, how ever, were entirely unfounded. I, known at home and throughout -all our family by the net name of 'Telle, rno-okaya,' or 'Sparkling Eyes.' a -nickname taken from our Russian no,-t Lermirn toff, had mot this young Eng lishman quite casually, when one day, while passing through the Kalsbah, T was insulted by two half- dnunken -Arabs, aind ho hiafl es corted me home. Then, when we parted, he had to'd me that the was staying at the Hotel de la Rc-gence, opposite the great white mos- nue. and gave ine Ms name. It was Dudley Ogle." 1 ' G.TT APTF.T). XXXVI.— THE THRALL. "Dudley Ogle!" I echoed In blank amaze- <1 1 Hmf tlio- oni'Wflnt'fl. mom. Are you v „ r« r.. suspicions were devoid of foundation? "Absolutely," she answered In quick breathlessness. - "In those days I was super cilious and disdainful, being taught to re gard my dignity as Grand Duchess with too great a conceit to make a mesalliance. My mo their used constantly tio urge that In the marriages 'contracted by members of our- family love was riot absolutely necessary, po sition was everything. Well, the months went by. We left Algiers, returned to Pe- tc-vsburg, and' soon afterwards my mother , died, leaving trie alone. I found- myself pos sessor of great wealth, and when, after a- period of mourning, I reappeared In society, I -was courted and flattered . by all sorts and conditions of men. In a year I grew tired of it all, and longed to" return to England, the lend wherein I had spent many years of my youth; therefore I engaged a woman to -pose as my mother, and dropping my title went, to London and- lived there, sis Ella Lalng. Then— then I iiri'et.- you," imp she paused, looking earnestly into my face with her deep blue eyes; To irie she had embodied everything that was fair, honourable and cure, . yet I hold dreaded .some - sinister peril, from an- unknown source;- -- - "And we loved each ;other,V I said slm- ply.-. "Yes," she went on, fervently; "But from the first I was fettered, being unable to act as my heart; prompted. I loved you fond ly, and; knew you wished to fnake me your wife, yet I dared- not to irlslc such a step without the permission of our House. -I went to Petersburg, explained who. and what you were, and craved. leave, to marry you, A family -council was held;, but Hie suggestion was' unanimously deriouriced ' as a piece of sentimental folly. >' Ah, shall I. ever forget that night? I pleadep-to tliefn upon my knees to let me obtain happiness in your love, but they were Inexorable, and refused. At length when- in : a moment of despair I threatened that If shut out from love by the barrier of birth. I would end my ljfe, a suggestion was m ride— a horrible, infamous one, promp ted by Makaroff, Minister of the Household. Yet I was- -ready to. commit any. act, to do ariythirig:;in, order to. secure hripplness with 'you. Permissldn waa-'glveri 'me to marry- on condition that X entered the Secret Ser- vice as spy. I appealed personally to the Czur. but in vain. You were in the Earl of . Warnham's confidence, and It was seen that from you X could obtain lnronnatton which would bo of greatest utility to ouir Foreign Department." you accepted," I said, sternly. Yes; I accepted their -abominable condi tions because I loved you so well, Geoffrey," she said, gloomily, her trembling 'hand upon my shoqlder; "It was not my fault, Indeed it .wasn't. If I had known wh-ait was. to fol low I would have killed myself rather than bring, -about all the trouble and disaster for which I became responsible." . "No," -I said. "Don't speak like that." . ( "I would,"' she declared despairingly. 'What followed wias a dark, mysterious 'tragedy, -wihile all the time I knew ibhat you -must suspect— that, after all, you might for sake roe. Within -a week after -binding my self irrevocably to 'the Czar's army of spies I imade a discovers- that iheld me appalled. I found that my master,, ithe man to whose will I was compelled ito submit, was none other tihian our discharged valet de chambre — the man who two years before had de clared his love. At ithe time my mother had engaged him the was already In tihe secret service, anid had no doubt kept watch upon us. He came to me at the Nook, and, exult ing In the fact that I had become 'his pup pet, renewed his -protestations of affection. When, frankly, I told thim that I hated -him and loved only you, -he at once Informed me, with a grin of satisfaction, that the depart ment in Petersburg found it compulsory to obtain possession of a copy of a secret con vention ia.t,that moment being concluded -be t-ween your country and Germany, and that I must get ipossesslon of it at any cost, through you. It was in order -that I might 'betray you that the Imiperlal -permission lvart been given to our marriage. I-n indig nation I refused, -whereupon he threatened to expose me to you as 1a Russian spy, and I saw only too clearly that any sudh revela tion must end for ever our acquaintance. He cajoled, urged, threatened, and explained all tihe elaborate precautions that had been taken by two clerics In Russian pay -at your Foreign Offloe in order . tlhait on ia certain day you should carry the precious document, in your pocket, and how he had prepared the dummy envelope sealed with your Minister s seial.. At -last— at last, after striving long and vainly against the performance of this inginoimlnious action, that I -knew must re flect on your honesty, I was compelled .to submit; A-hi vou can never know what agony I suffered. I verily believe tha.t in those, few days the -terrible vengeance . of that scoundrel drove me Insane. The hid eous ghost of the palsif causes me to shudder whenever I think of -it."- " T echoed heir sigh, bu-t ino worn escaped m H"r revelations were asitounirtlng. I had rever suspected hfe'r-OC hieing actually a spy, although the- discovery of tihe stolen Conven tion -in her -escritoire 'had lent colour to that vi's'w. (TO BK CONOr.UDF.D.) 