INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAMS. [From Melbourne Papers. 1 VICTORIA. I IULLAIUT, September S. John Carroll, aged 19 years, whose mind had been affected by illness, escaped from the Ballarat Hospital at 2 o'clock this morning. He was only recently admitted as a patient at the institution, and last night when his delirium manifested itself he was mainly for his own safety, manacled and strapped to his bed. In effecting his escape, Carroll, who is a resident of Bungaree, went towards Ballarat East, and at 3 o'clock a miner, returning homeward from work, observed him on the Queen-street bridge. He was clad only in a nightdress, and the miner on first observing the white object on the bridge became somewhat alarmed, as he thought he had encountered a " ghost. " Accompanied by an acquaintance, whom he aroused from bed, the miner ultimately advanced towards the bridge. Carroll, on seeing the men approaching, jumped over the parapet, falling 30ft. into the railway cutting below. Senior constable Nedwell, officer in charge of the Victoria Street police station, was then informed of what had occurred, and on descending the railway cutting he found Carroll in a state of collapse, with blood flowing from a severe wound on the back of his head. As Carroll appeared to have been badly injured, he was conveyed back to the hospital, when it was found that his jump from the bridge had been attended by serious consequences, as in addition to the wound on the road, he had used his thigh and arm broken, besides sustaining painful con- tusions to the body. Some time ago a typhoid fever patient escaped from the hospital, and was subsequently discovered walking in Lake Wendouree, in 4ft. of water. COLAC, September 3 A magisterial inquiry was held this morning, before a jury of five, touching the death of the infant of Mr. and Mrs. R. Willis. The girl Gertrude Brown was present in custody. Evidence was given by the mother of the child to the effect that at 5 p.m. on Monday she left the child in the diningroom with the girl Brown, and returned half an hour later. At 7 o'clock her attention was directed to the child, which appeared to be suffering from convulsions, and Dr. Wynne was sent for. He, however, could do nothing, and the baby died at 6 a.m. the following day, The witness did not think the girl had any ill-will towards the child. The evidence of the arresting constable was to the effect that the girl admitted pouring a quantity of laudanum over the baby's clothes, and then cover- ing its head with a shawl for the purpose of making the child stop, a girl whom the knew having told her that the liquid would have a soothing effect. Dr. Wynne deposed that death was due to poisoning by laudanum inhaled and absorbed. The jury having retired for about five minutes returned with a verdict that death was accidentally caused through the girl Gertrude Brown pouring laudanum over the baby's clothes, but with no malicious intent. The girl is a ward of the State, and will probably be returned to the Industrial Schools. MUMDRKAII, September 8. Deep interest has been excited here this week by an address on divine healing delivered in Numurkah on Tuesday night by Mrs. Cory, wife of the Rev. T. J. Cory, Bible Christian minister of Daylesford. Mr. Cory's address is in the form of a recital of her own and her husband's experiences some time ago, when they were suddenly delivered from serious illnesses by what the speaker says was Divine interposition. Both had been given up by several doctors. Mr. Cory, who had spine disease, had lain on his back, unable to move, for 12 months ; Mrs. Cory had differed from internal tumours for some years, and was unable to dress herself, her condition being such as to give no hopes of her recovery. In her recital Mrs. Cory says the two sufferers prayed for deliverance, and it was immediately vouchsafed. They throw off their ail- ments suddenly, became quite well, and had never known a moment's illness since. The speaker, who looks the picture of robust health, spoke with much fervour of her wonderful recovery, and said she had worked over since, while her husband, who had been delicate for years, was now capable of manual as well as mental labour. 