CHAPTER XXVIII. A STIiAXGE ADVEXTUP.E. Ambrose Gerhart kept his word. He went back to London, and had an interview with Hr. Parkhurst, the Trevethon solicitor, in Which he related all he knew in regard tf the strange man who called himself .King ‘•Ho may be Sir Geoffrey Trevethon, and n* may not be," the London lawyer an r.vercd. " However, the matter shall be in (estigated. \Ve will visit Moreton House at i nee. and if your suspicions should nrOTS well founded, sir, 1 will see that you receivs the promised reward. Hiss Trevethon ha* offered a handsome one for any information eoncerning Sir Geoffrey, as, without doubt, you know.” 111 do not know,” answered Ambrose, with a flash of scornful anger. “ Nor do I care. I wouldn’t touch a cent of Hiss Trevethon’s re ward if I were starving.” Mr. Parkhurst smiled, and Ambrose, having done his duty in this quarter, determined to set bis face homeward. Somehow or other the inclination to pursue his journey had left him... He must tarry in England and see the end of this affair. Moreover he was puzzled about that voice that had called his name from the mad-house tower. Was it a parrot, as the crazy gentle man had said, or was it some one who knew him ? A fanoy possessed him that it might be Isabel) and he could not rest until he had seen Maud pbout it. But what chance.could have thrown poor iltt’e Isabel into' a mad house? The idea seetued absurd!.' Ambrose went home, nevertheless, and reached the TVUside farm one wihtry night, when the first snow of the reason war Hilling. •1 He found the window* alight, and Maud in the best parlors She had a Tisitor-feSIrHarry l>ro3s entered, end 6aid something aboht re * taming to the village. D "Wait a littic while,” said Maud, with her frank simplicity of manner ; “ Am brose will be going back presently, and you will be company for each other; end you shall both have a cup of hot coffee before you Sir Harry seemed nothing loth to comply, He settled back into his scat in the fireside corner, his handsome eyes following Maud, as she moved about, with an admiration he could not conceal. "I am so glad yon have changed yoUt mind, Ambrose and come back,” Maud said as she put her shiniug codec urn l-efore-the ooals. ” Your mother has been fretting so about you, and she is really ill.” 8 "111? Poor mother, is she? Then I ' must tell my story, and hurry on. I haven't been home yet, Pm on my way from ? London. He related his adventures at Moreton House, and doid of tho course he bad pur 3 sued in London. Sir Harry listened with in terest. ' “ You saw Miss Trevethon, of course ?" he said, when Ambrose had finished. “ What ’ view did she take of the matter?” | Ambrose struck the coals a blow with the poker, that sent them sparkling all oTer tha r hearth. L “I did not see Miss Trevethon,”he an swered almost wrathfully; “ there was no , need. I saw her solicitor, and I am done with the whole thing.” , Sir narry smiled significantly, ns if a new thought had struck him, find glanced across , at Maud, but she took no heed. Her thoughts were busy with the story Ambrose had told 3 “ In a mad-house? My poor little sister 1 It surely cannot be, Ambrose? But I must go ( to Moreton House, and find out. 1 shall start to-morrow.” 11 I'll go with you,” said Ambrose, “is | mother is not too ill." Sir Harry fidgeted in his chair. “ I don’t sec how she could have got into n mad-house, Miss Melville,” lie said, “ but of course you will want to be sure. But to make such a journey in this wretched weather, , with such a slender chance of success 1 Let me go in your stead. I will leave no stone unturned, I assure you.” Maud gave a grateful glance. "You are very kind, and I thank you. Sir Ilarrv, but I must go myself,” she said. “And to think, Ambrose, Arthur Marlowe mnrries again on Thursday.” “ He docs ?” “Yes; Sir Harry came to'tell me. lie has been making inquiries about poor Isabel, but has heard nothing, only that 1” “The villain!” cried Ambrose, through his set teeth. ” I told you all along, Maud, be was lying. I wish I had followed my inclination, and throttled him, when I met him in London that day 1 Poor Isabel 1 How soon the wretch forgets h'.r when he is 'so anxious to marry again, ip., this brief “ That’s Lady Marlowe’s . doings,” Sir Harry put in. “She actually forces him to -marry the Lady Bianca, they EayV It is a strange piece of business altogether. I really don’t think ho knows where your sister is, Miss Melville. I spoke to him about her, and he seemed to be bewildered. He is not sound in mind, that’s evident, and the most miserable looking fellow—a mere shadow.” 11 And he marries on -Thursday, neverthe less, a titled lady," sneered Ambrose. “ Bah 1 don't tell me about him 1 A lying, cowardly villain. Let him' cross me again, and I’ll settle the account,” “Come and.drink your coffee,'” said Maud, “ and then you must go.” “ If I start for Moreton House to-inorrow, .1 have no time to lose." •They drank their coffee, and having bid their fair hostess good night, set forth to gether. “I shall be up again in the morning, Miss Melville,” said Sir Harry, raising his hat and standing uncovered in the white, whirling snow; “ there may bo some service I can do for you. You must bear in mind what a great debt I owe you.” Maud smiled, and her smile wa3'indescrib" ably sweet and winning. “ You owe me nothing, Sir Harry. Good night." The door of tho Fellside farm-house closed, and ths two young men journeyed acroBS the moor together. “ Suppose you go on with me; I can give you comfortable quarters," said Ambrose, when they reached the cross-roads leading down to fhe village. ", Sir Harry thanked him; but- refused, aud they were about to separate, when something caught the eyes of Ambrose—a twinkling light far above. “Look up yonder,” be cried, “there's a light in the old manor—there is, by love 1" "So there ib!” Sir Harry responded. "What does it mean ?” “Who can tell? I must go up and find “ Not to-night?” “ Yes, to-night. Why ngt?’, “ Well, one might get throttled by outlaws, or worse, encounter the ghosts.” “ I do not fear either. I’m going, and I bid you good-nigbt, sir.” “Not so fast, my friend," laughed Sir Harry. “One would think you had had enough of that bewitched old house. But have your way, however, if go you will, you must per mit me to accompany you.” " There is no need. I am not afraid.” “Nor I, and two heads are better than one. We will go together. “ So be it,” said Ambrose, and side by side they left the moors and ascended the hill path toward the Haunted Grange. As they neared the old house the light grew more distinct. It gleamed from the window of a chamber that opened upon the Southern terrace. The young men made their way up the steep ascent, crossed the dismal hollow, and entered the grounds. Sir Harry had pro cured a stout stick which he carried in his right hand. “ We may meet with a warmer welcome than we care to have. At any rate it will do no harm to be prepared for the worst,” he Ambrose took 'no" heed, but strode straight on across the grounds and up the terrace steps, looking neither to the right nor the left. The window, half torn from its casement by the high winds, was accessible front the terrace. Ambrose, reaching it first, swung himself up to a level with the sill, and looked The room within was only dimly lighted by ft common candle, but on the ruined hearth a fire burned, and before it crouched two human figures, an old man, his white beard flowing to his breast, and a woman—n small, girlish thing, with an infant clasped to her breast. Ambrose could see them distinctly, in the circle of the firelight, and while he looked on in wonder and curiosity, the woman’s voice arose, singing in sweet, tremulous tones, a lullaby to the child.' Something in the voice went straight to the heart of Ambrose. He gave a sudden Btart, and the window-sill gave way. The woman, startled by the sound, turned sharply round, and he saw her face. " Merciful Heaven I” he cried out, leaping back to the terraced It is Isabel!” 