THE FACE IN THE POOL. [By H.F,] " There • is nothing so deplorable," said Captain. Be vis, "as the effect which facts have upon the mind. We reason out entirely to our .satisfaction that to admit the possibility of anything super-t natural would be to stultify science, thad the beiief in ghosts is a remnant of old barbarism; we are absolutely assured in our own minds that we have risen'above superstition, but" the moment, that we are face to face with a phenomenon for which : no natural: explanation ' appears possible we throw over instantly the reasoning of years and Income as super stitious as a benighted; pagan." The talk had fallen on ghosts, and Revis had been sitting qnite silent, with : a rather sceptical smile in his shrewd eyes, while we "repeated some very curious stories of 'snpernatnral happenings : to people we knew. "I will admit that I was - thinking of something -which happened to myself," continued Revis, " but it was of such a .painful character that. I. never refer to it. However, so many years have passed -now since -the affair that I ought perhaps to conquer rav renufirnance." . The Captain bowed and began his story. -As a young man I prided my self .upon niy freedom from superstition, and when shortly after entering the army .I paid, a visit to iny friend, Stnart Macinver, at his place in Ross I should have laughed to scorn tlie idea that I was to leave Macinver Castle full of uneasiness due to a supernatural warn ing. I will admit that my friend's place —a half-ruined castle -in one of the ^Hi^iland fastnesses—was one calculated to encourage superstition. There was something, in .the lonely moors and grand, ragged; hills which surround Macinver which had a depressing effect, especially as mv host himself had altered greatly, since tlie day. that we had.heen friends ■ together at Oxford.. 1 Stnart Macinver had been considered taciturn and reserved at the university, but when I' took advantage of a long- standing invitation to visit him in lhe: home of his ancestors: I found that; his reserve had become moroseness. - -It was not till a day or two after my arrival that I discovered the chief canse. .The poor fellow had. suffered a very severe dis appointment in love. He had fallen iti love with the daughter of a well-to-do English manufacturer, who took a house near, the castle for the -shooting in the summer months; and considered himself engaged to her, when. Miss': Avondale abruptly transferred her affections to a richer -man.; They were to he married' at Macinver. a week . or. two after my arrival there. £ was told the facts by a servant of Macinver's, after-1 had asked my host at our silent dinner an un fortunate question about the Avondales, to which he had given-no reply. :. Mac inver's moroseness not only made all confidence and sympathy' between as impossible btit tended with the place itself to render me nervons and de pressed, and I .hastened to cut short my visit. Macinver did -not press me to stay, and on the morning that I had fixed for my departure he stint himself up as nsual in his .study immediately after breakfast and left me to my own devices. I had been about to suggest a final walk across the moors with him, but bis society had really . been so depressing that I was not sorry that he gave me no opportunity, and I started out alone to pass the hour or so which remained before I should start for tlie station.. My. walk took mehy the side of a small. loch on the moors, a pool formed by the widening of one of the streams which came down from the hills. . Its , course was chiefly over granite boulders, and the water of the loch had that peculiar clearness which is so characteristic of the Scotch lakes. As I walked by the side I could see the bottom of the pool almost as plainly as if no six or seven feet of water covered it, and I was watching the fish darting to and fro among the boulders when my attention was attracted by something strange lying among the weeds in the bed: of the pool. I lent forward over the edge of the water to examine it, sup porting myself by a branch of a tree which overhung it, and as I did so there came over me an indescribable feeling of ecrieness. For staring up at me from the bottom of the lake, with wide-open dead eyes, I could see clearly a human face. It was, surrounded by long black hair, which covered the neck and mingled with the weeds, on which the head aDneared to"rest." " How horrible ! " said ■ onr hostess, as tlie,Cap tain paused, and Revis drew his hand across his eyes. ■ " So horrible that I do. not like to think of it even uow. ; I can see it as plainly now as I did 20 years ago in the waters'"of the loch. : I was staring into the dead eyes, vrhich seemed to fascinate me, when Maci over's voice startled me and almost t.ma3e^ me .lose iiiy.grasp of the overh'aiiging "qnneT to; which "T- was holding. My friend must liave followed me aud come ont throngh the coppice Which edged the pool, for I had not caught sight of him till he spoke;" : You hare seen it?',, he said, quietly, and I answered excitedly— : .• "' Yes ! Look, it is the face of a woman !' . "I had seized hie arm to'draw him to the edge of the water, hut Maeinver turned away. ' "'Nobody-can see it twice and live,' , he said. ' ' I. have seen it ttnce, and ! -curse the-'day. I ani Sorry for yon, Revis.' / '"The tone in which. he spoke frightened nie. < "'Sorry?' I repeated, staring at him. 1 cot ' remember it all as if it happened yesterday. , " f Yes,', lie said,'hopelessly, '.1 know what-it is tphave seen the head of Flora Macinver. -She was-an ancesstress of mine,' he went on, speaking in a low, dreary voice., ' He Y husband hilled her more tUau/100 years -ago now andthrew her head into the lake,-1 aud''since then she has never appeared' Withdut a mes sage of misfortune. Money aiidloveare j always lost, by those .who see the face in the pop!.' ' v. " He was drawing me away from the edge of the . loch as be spoke, his eyes still averted from It, as if in terror of what he might see. there. " ' Yon have seen the face ? ' Isaid,: and he-gripped my arm tight, as if the remembrance hart him. "' Yes, we all see it sooner or later, and : the second :lime is a - warning of death. I have seen it only once. The same day I heard that ..most of my money was gone in the'Anglo-Gaelic Bankcrash. The next t was deserted by the woman I loved.' His face changed as he spoke of' it. Its ghast liness frightened me, as did the' intensity of his voice. I had been boasting to myself that I was perfectly free from superstition, bat I must confess that the warning now -made me indescribably uneasy. ' I may lose money,' I said, ' but the ouly love I care for I am 1 perfectly sure of.' " Macinver laughed harshly in a way that made my blood rah cold. ' You cannot, be more sure of it than . I was of the woman's who gave me up when my money went, and she waB indignant with me for thinking that she could care for me when ' my money was. gone. In dignant Think, of it 1, As if money could weigh against love. . And now you: will suffer too.' ' Not in that way,' I said, in my certainty of iuy wife's love.; but'I was frightened. A supernatural warning is a, terrible thing. -I glanced at my watch and Was glad to find it almost time for me to start on my return home. I was seized with a fury of impatience to reach London and was cursing - the distance which would prevent me doing'so before the next day. " For more, than one reason I do hot like to recairihe mental agony which I Buffered. onvfchat. journey, and when I readied Enston next day to find:nobody' awaiting me,. although although I had wired to iuy wife, the time of my arrival, I almost wonder . that, ill as I still was, Ldid not collapse altogether. I drove home prepared for ■anything, -except, perhaps, the reality. The house was deserted, and I could not gain, admit tance to it. We were living, very quietly in those days of my early married life in a small bouse at Kensing ton with h single maid, and both the maid and mv wife had cone." The Captain stopped, wiped his single eye-glass, and smiled round amiably. Perhaps it is hardly fair of liie to harrow your feelings with these domestic details.. I only wished to show how completely a -mannot naturally super stitious may allow his mind to be influenced by ah occurrence apparently supernatural. But for. the face in the lake, and the prophecy accompanying it, I should simply hare concluded that my telegram had miscarried and that my wife, not expecting me for another week or two, had giren the maid a day's holiday and. visited her people. Which, indeed, was the true expiation of her absence." ''Then no misfortune really followed ?" asked our hostess, quite excitedly, and Reris looked grave. " Not unless it is a misfortune to have to give evidence in a court of law against a man you have considered a friend. The headless corpse of poor Miss Avon dale was found the day I left Scotlaud, and Stuart Macinver only escaped being hanged for her murder by the dis covery of the fact that he was insane. I have often wondered at the incom prehensible credulity which made me accept his cleverly-inventedstory, instead of notifyingJto .the police my discovery of the head-of his .victim." 