THE NYMPH OF WOODLANDS. Bv etifel Austin CIozkns, Aged, 134 years. Chapieu I.— Doubted. Every sohool, no matter what kind, has its favorite. Beryl Norman was tbo favorite at AVoodlanils. Aithougli-Miss Gordon (the head mistress of Woodlands) never spoke of 'avoritism, there was something in her manner towards Beryl that told she was tho favored one. But who could help favoring her ? She was so bright, saucy and affectionate. Beryl was an orphan, her. parents having died when alio was quite a baby. Miss Gordon was made her guardian, and n very happy lifo tho litUo gil l led under her care. Boryl was a pretty child of 12 years, with dark blue mischievous oyes, sunny curls and brown skin. It was a great trial to Beryl to kcop her huir tidy. It was short and very curly, and nhvayti got rumpled and tamed at the least sign of mischief, so tho child called it a " tangled mop." Beryl was so slight and agile that the girls of Woodlands called her "thoNympli." Sbcumuscd them in tho evenings by dancing. It was really a pleasure toseo her dance ; even- one approved of it accept Miss Sophin, tho Latin instructress. For some unaccountuhlo reason of her own Miss Sophia had Liken a strong dislike to tho Nymph, who returned it with full force. One morning tbo news wnftcd through the school that ono of the housemaids had seen a ghost in the girls' corridor. This corridor ran all round tho hoarders' bedrooms, so that one could wulk round tho rooms. Miss Gordon was very nngrv when she heard this, and being afraid it would raise suspicion she dismissed the girl, hut dismissing a girl does not make any dilTcrcnco to 70 superstitious school girls full of fun and adventure, and, to her anger, Miss Gordon found this out. She punished the girls who mentioned tho subject, until in about a month's timo every ono seemed to havo forgotten it. Some weeks later Miss Sophia and Beryl had a little unpleasantness, which ended in Miss Sophia striking Beryl with her pointer. Now it was a well-known rulo in the sohool that this sort of punishment was not to bo inflicted, and Miss Gordon was very displeased with 3 tisB Sophia for brenkiug it, and MiHS Sophia considered herself humiliated in tho eyes of her scornful pupils. Miss Sophia's disliko for Beryl had turned to hatred sinco the day of thoir unpleasantness. Sho was determined to havo her revenge at any- cost, so ono day, when bIio was giving her class their Latin, she called Beryl to her and said, "Bor.vl, hero is tho koy of my room. Run upstairs nud bring mo tho dictionary, whioh you will find on my dressing table." Beryl clid as she was requested. On the dress ing table, hesido the dictionary, lay bliss Sophia's diamond ring. Beryl took it up and looked at it, then pluccd it down carefully and left tho room. Sho locked tho door, returned to tho schoolroom, and delivered both tho koy and tho hook to their owner. That -night Boryl was summoned to the "blackmail room "(this was tho room whoro all tho punishments were inflicted). It was a long, low room, at one end was a platform, at tho other end a numbor of chain and forms wero ranged. Miss Gordon was seated on the platform, looking palo nnd agitated, behind was Miss Sophia, with an evil, triumphant look in her sharp oyos. " Beryl," Baid tho principal, " when you went to Miss Sophia's room to-day did you uotico n diamond ring on tho toilet table ! Beryl curtsied, ns did all tho grrls when addressing tho head mistress, and answered "."ma'iam, T did. T even had tho impu- donco to pick it up and look at it." Sho accom panied tho last sontenco with a light hearted .Jaugh. Miss Gordon lookod at hor, " Boryl, the ring is gone," sho said, eagerly watching tho child s faoo. " Gone," said Beryl, raiemg hor pretty eye brows, " How did you loso it, Miss Sophia. " Baryl, oh Beryl!" exclaimed. Miss Gordon. "No ono was in the room except you. Tho wiudows and door wore locked, and when bliss Sophia went to her room, it had — disap- PBA wavo of crimson swept over tho Nymph's faToll the truth, Beryl," pleaded Miss Gordon, "Did you -take it?' / '.I did not," said Boryl, flatly. . "I did not think you would tell ft lie,- child.-" MiBS Gordon's faco turned red then jmle, and she spoke very Bternly. "I havo not told a lie," cried Iloryl. "I can do no more than speak the truth, bliss Gordon, I say again, I did not steal that ring." "Say no more, Beryl," said Miss Gordon, Bternly." "I am sorry to accuso you, you above every ono, of Btealing bliss Sophia's ring." Sho rang a bell, and soon tho " blnok mail " room was full of school girls. They took their places silontiy, but looked in astonishment at' tho three on the platform. "Girls," said tho principal, "I am very Borry to tell you that we must call Boryi,' the Nymph of tiro Woodlands, a thief, unless sho restores a ring which she has stolen from MisB Sophia " Hero Borvl stopped forward and said : "Girls, lam glad to bo able to tell you that tho Nymph of tiro Woodlands is not a thief, she has novoi- Btolon the ring as Miss Sophia Bays she has. It is truo she looked at it in bliss Sophia's room, but she did not steal it. Whom do you believe, the Nymph or tho teacher ?" " The Nymph, tho Nymph," shouted tho girlB. Beryl turned triumphantly to bliss Gordon. " Circumstances are too Btrong against you," said bliss Gordon, "lam sure MisB Sophin is very sorry to bring this chargo against you. Are you not, Miss Sophia?" "Very, vory sorry," remarked MIsb Sophia, placidly. " I am sure I don't thank you," said Boryl, haughtily. "It is Bomo diabolical gchemo of your own to: » " Hush, hush, Boryl 1" interrupted Miss Gordon. "Girls you may go. Come with mo, Beryl." Beryl's room was now changed to a smaller ono in the eaBt wing, and to this Miss Gordon led hor. Tho door was locked and Boryl was alone. Siio went to the window and looked out into tho darknese. "What do I care?' she murmnrcd. "Tho girls don't think I did it, so I don't care." She wont to tho bod and lay down without undreooing, and was soon fast asloep. Next morning sho was awakened by tho dressing boll. Sho roso hastily and did her curly hair. At length steps approached tho door, and Beryl heard the koy turned' in tho lock. Sho sprang to tho door and lookod out. She could hear tho merry voices of the girls as tlicy trooped down to breakfast, so sho ran hur riedly- down the corridor and caught up to them. There was a now girl amongst .them, who held her head vory high. Jennie Castors turned when alio saw Beryl, and said to tho now girl, "Idina, this is the Nymph. Beryl, Idina Woods." Idina turned ; tho Nymi>h hold out her hand, but Idina tossed her bead. "No, thanks, I don't want to ho introduced to a thief." Tho Nymph heard tho last word with terrible distinctness. She turned and fled to her room. When sho reached it sho locked herself in, then knelt down by tbo bureau and began packing up a few articles of clothing. Sho soon finished nnd went down to breakfast. No ouo spoke to her, and Idina looked ot her scornfully. Beryl turned and walked away with an angry, proud feeling in her little heart. At tho door sho picked up a knotted ropo unobserved, and walked away to her room, and a servant, by tho order of the principal, looked the door. Two hours later, when Miss Gordon went to Beryl's room, sho found it ompty, bnt the winilow was open, and thora was a knotted rope hanging from it the ground, which told a sad talc. A few moments later all tho sohool knew that tho Nymph of Woodlauds had run away. The girls never saw Miss Sophia any more. Miss Gordon told thorn that niglit ebo had dis missed her because she (Miss Sophia) had hidden her riug purposely to throw suspicion on Beryl. Tho people wero sent to search for Beryl, but no traces of her could bo found. At Wood lands life wns very much tho same, but the girls missed tbo Nymph more than tho princi pal kuew. At night, when seated in the play room, they turned their eyes longingly towards the door, wishing it would open anu the pretty school favorite appear; but no such thing happened, and they had to do without her. (To be Continued.) 