1%. JSiflnttefeij* Tl\e Weapons of Mystery. V ,'Q ? . ' — ? -r*- ? ? .. . CHAPTER X. THE COMING 01' THE NIGHT. ' This is scrioua,' said Tom Temple. 'I havo inquired of the servants, who all assure uio of iheijr entiro ignorance of the matter, and I cannot think that any of my guests would assume the per son of tho traditional ghost for no other purpose than to trignten tne nouseKeeper and two or three servants. I'm by no means superstitious, but I do not see how'I can truce it to human origia.' ' I cannot see why any gue3t Bhonld assume the person of the traditional ghost, but some men have deop design ing minds. They are like clever draught-players ; they see half a dozen moves ahead, and so do that which to a novice appears meaningless and ab surd.' Then I heard another voice, one that I caused my heart to beat wildly. It was Gertrude Forrest's. ' Mrv Kaffar says he con guess who the person; is who has personated thi3 ghost,' she said ?/ 'I think it is: fair to every guest that he should speak out.'' 'I would not like to -say,' he said insultingly ; ' perchance I should wottnd your tender feelings too deeply.' 'JMr. Kaffar will remember he's speiiking to a lady, I'm snre,' said Tom Temple. '' Pardon me,' said Kaffar, excitedly; ' I -forgot I was in England, where men are the slaves of the ladies. With us it i9 different. We speak and they obey. I forgot I was not in Egypt. I have done very, wrong. : I implore the lady's pardon.' ' I see no meaning in your words,' said Miss. Forrest,, quietly, ' therefore I see nothing to forgive.' ' Ah, I live again. A heavy load is gone from heart! I. have not merited the lady's displeasure.' 'Stiiri think it right,' if you have grounds for suspecting any one, that we should know,', said a voice,;, ' otherwise some' one may be' wrongly accused.' ' Do not ask me,' said Kaffar, 'Ask Mr. Blake.' . Instantly all eyes Tere turned onme, and, do as I might, I could not help an uncomfortable flush rising iu my face. 'I do not know what Mr. Kaffar meansj' I replied. ' I am as ignorant as to the origin of the ghost as he is, perhaps more so.' Instantly Kaffar leapt from his chair, and came up to me, his hands clenched, his black eyes gleaming, his teeth set to gether as if in a terrible rage, ' Yon are a liar and a villain !' he screamed. ' Ah, rcmembeT'this morn ing. I accused him, gentlemen, of be ing connected with this ghost only to day, and he flushed guiltily and was silent. . He looked like a Judas who be trayed his master.' ?'Quietly, please,' I replied. 'You did come to tne this morning with some foolish jargon about my being connected with last night's affair, but I was so sur prised by the absurdity and foolishness of such a thing, that I could not answer yoa before you ran away.' ' You hear?' shrieked tho Egyptian. ' So surprised, wa3 he. If he was, it was because I had found him out.' ' This man is mad,' I said. ' Surely he ought to be shut up. ' ' Mad, am I ?' he shrieked. ' Yes, and you are a liar, a coward, a villain? 'Son are engaged in a fiendish plot ; you are deceiving an innocent lady. Ah, I spnrn you, spit on you.' ' Mr. Kaffar,' said Tom Temple. . 'really this' cannot be allowed. You must remember you aro - among gentle men and ladie3. Please act accord ingly.' 'Ladies there are, gentlemen there ore,' shrieked the Egyptian ; 'but ho' —pointing at me — 'is no gentleman. He is at onco a viper, a villain, and a coward. I leave this house ; I renounce pleasant socioty ; I leavo this country — for ovor ; but before 1 go I would like to fight hand to hand with that giant, who — — Ha 1' Ho stood closo to me and spat at mo. ' There !' he cried, and then he struck mo in the face with all his strength. Instantly I leapt to my feet This insult was too great. I could scarcely restrain from striking him to tho ground. I mastered myself, however, and so did nGt touch him. 'I leave this house,' lie said wildly. ' Herod, sond on my baggage to Cairo, But ' — turning to mc — ?' you I cha'l onge — you, with your big body and trained arms ! But, bah ! you dar'n't fight. ? You are a mooning coward.' He lushed out of the room as ho spoke, and a minute later I heard the hall door slammed with vehemence. At tbat moment I became possessed of a 'terrible passion. I seemed to be mad. I longed to avenge the insults that had been offered. I looked around the room, and all [seemed astounded at the behaviour of tho Egyptian, save Voltaire, who was apologizing in profuso terras for his friend. As I looked at his torriblo eyes, my passion becamo greater, and I felt I could not j?ovi-.rn myself if I stayed in the room. I think some ono came up to me, and congratulated me on my coolness in dealing with the man who had insulted me so ; but I did not listen — I could not. An overmastering impulse laid hold of me to follow tho Egyptian, and I dimly remember going into tho hall and out into the silent night. ( To be Continued.') 