JL POINTS. » Jtoyal Land Commission told the Sydney newspapers that Mr. Bell — had important business and could not bo with them. Why did they not nay that Joo refused to go jerrymandering oil ovor New South Wales looking for information about Queensland? . a bitlht'i representative entered a houio m» Melbourne suburb, when tho woman of v the houao " flew ut him." Fob .halting her off he is now spending even days in gaol thinking over the un certainly of tho law. WLEw$r.thi£KS ar0 s!ns in Now South Waloa heoauso their affectionate Victorian neighbours want thoir delegate, hrst to meet seoretly just to see how the land And then that tho convention itself, as a committee of the whole, should sit with olosed doors to consider the finunoial questions in- volred ; alms, what tho tariff of that blosted central Government is to he. How thoso loving federationists do wrangle as to tho placo where tho convention ia to he hold, and who shall bo its president. Loving soiUs. What will thoy bo liko when tied togethorP They say that tho Parliamentary Buildings in Adelaide are unsuitable ; and there is no " Hansard " atoff in South Australia. Messes. Brigga und Muy, tlio divers who fctohed up tho Catterthnii's gold, have ouch received a clock as a memento of their services. ' They express themsolvos us boing quite ready for anothor job ; und, of course, quito willing to recoivo another clook apiece. Mb. Justice Simmon thinks that a Queen's proctor should be appointed in New South Wales, there aro so many divorco eases there. Bad lot, surely. An inquiry into tho management of tho Marino Board will shortly be undertaken bv tho Pubho Servico Board in Sydnoy; and. tlmt is much required. ANDthon that aamo board has reported that the stuff of the Glebe abattoirs is in need of thorough reorganisation. It is indeed. A MOB old churuh-going sinnor suggests that religion has como to this, that if you drop £10 into a pulpit Blot out will como a good sermon. Where is this done ? and will ho try it himself P On will ho say whore it can bo seen that by dropping a good sermon into a congrega tional slot out will como £10 ? And suy at how many places it niuy ho scon that by dropping a poor sermon into tho slot out goes tho congregation ? Mb. Wiuooe is gradually enlarging the scope of his weathor forecasts. On Tucsduy, ho stated that vessols between Holiurt and tho Bluff might havo to heave-to or run under oloso-reefed topsails, under tho operation of "Elvira." To-day lie suggests that a cable bo laid to Viotoria Land. Hb says that a "high rate of interest " would bo derived from observations sent from Antarctica. No doubt tlioro would also bo a "high rate of interest " to pay ou tho co.t of laying the cablo and maintaining tho Cape Adair observatory. Tiie Dootor feels inolinod to say to tlie Gov ernment Meteorologist, as well us te ono of his latest disturbances, " Woh ! Emma!" The goat nuisanco in Soutli Brisbane, and particularly at Higligato Hill und Brighten road, has bccoiuo very sorious. One resident reports the destruction of 14 choice roso trees in fivo minutes by a small herd of gouts. The Now Guinou Government Btcamer Morrie England 1ms completed bor ovoriiaul iu tho Dry Dock, und ianow coaling and taking iu stores for au early dopurturo to Now Guinea. Queensland's man-of-war, tho Gayundah, has reoently completed an ovorhaul, und after a rest of four years has again been put into fighting trim for tho oeousion of tho Easter muuamvres. The preparatory measures includod a trial trip to tho bay under Commander Drake. While in tlio. bay trial was made of tho Gayuudah's guns, and it was clearly shown, that thoy can miiko us big a noiso as over. They can shoot pretty straight too, sooing that a short flagstaff stuok in u floating hogslicud was splintered at 2, 000 yards rango. "Whoa, Emma" revived. Mr. Wragge lias raised ber ghost from tho Antarctic regions. Do not como along this way, Emmal Kcop away, Emma. Mb. Wbaooe talks about having "picked up " a depression. Now, wo do not want nny more depression in Queensland. John Hutoiieson, tho shiprigger and ox- sailor, who headed tho poll for Wellington City, New Zealand, with . Sir Robort Stout u bud second, bus not given way to uudua in flation over liie now glory. Three days after tho oloetion tho now M.l\ tramped down Wellington's priucipal street in liiH working clothes, with half a halo of ropo ovor his shoulder, ou his way to do somo rigging. Many an " ouid " bonnet and deep fringed capo of years agonoaro out for un airing te- duy. Also tho hit of green whioh gleams in overy throng bespeaks the fidelity of the " bhoys " to the dour old traditions of tin) " siventoonth of Oireland, bedad." " Suns, wisn't it this day years long ago, tlmt a liroth of a lilioy who wis to bate all the orawlin' varmints out of tho dear little grans oislo boyant, let go his i'urst shriek, tho dnrlint?" ' Ever since thon tho "bhoys" have not failed occasionally to sco n snaUo or two. But tho reptiles uro generally urouud in lnrgor numbers on tlio " seventeenth which is part of tho colobration. . Judoino by tlio paucity of drunks at tlio City Poliuc Court this morning, thoso who are inclined to colekruto St. Patrick in this munnor havo reserved thoir finunoial strength for to-day. ' Thebekobe wo may expect to huvo a good muny sore heads rolling out of tho watoh- ' house to-morrow morning. Circulation Goinq Up. Advertisers wiD "cease note that tho circulation of the Tele - graph is beyond doubt tho record. for uny paper issued in Queensland. . v The Telegraph loads, other papers follow We challenge comparison with any daily paper in Queensland. Everybody knows that advertisers get beat value by inserting their advertisements in th< paper with the largest circulation. "Beyond comparison." Tho Telegraph hat J i more than double the oiroulation of any other daily paper in Brisbane, therefore advortiscrv get more than double the value by advertising- in it in preference to other daily papers. Try the oheup prepaid advertising uolumns. Sej special advertisement. 1® words, one insertion, for SIXPENCE. Itt words, three insertions, ONE SHILLING. 