IN AND AROUND RINGAROOMA. THE DISTRICT'S RESOURCES. RAILWAY PROSPECTS. (By Our Special.) No. 4 Having obtained a very fair idea of the extent and quality of the country traversed by the, Morriss and Mathiin a roads, towards the southern edge of the Ringarooma valley, let us now see what lies on the other or northern side of the main ,road. Turning down the Ruby Flat road, it the direction of the Dorset. river, more splendid chocolate soil is met iwilth.' There are a number of properties lying between Mineral Banks and Ledgerswod, the homestoads of both of which are situated on the northern side of the principal thoroughfare of the yet small township. Mrs. James Hocking, a most industrious and widely respected widow, is following well on the course of farm-carving from the bush, on which her ihusband was so enthusiasti rally set when death overtobk him. The place shows abundant signs of hardly-earned development and a standard of fertility that could, in few places, be surpassed. In the samne direction are the farms of Mr. John Butt, whose father was the first white man on Ringafrooma, Mr. Lewis John son, and others. Some distance down the road. which makes for the Star of Peace range, is to be seen the site that is now all that is left of the first "hotel"-qucte it please, Mr. Printer, or make it "bush shianty" if you like that was built on Ringarooma. It was about this spot that over 30 years ago the original track cut into the district, and made thence for Sunnyside, an estate that is now, with 'that of Brookmead, incorporated with the near 3000 broad acres of Mineral Banks. The aforesaid hotel, kept by one Collins, who hais now aselection a little further on, was burnt. Another build ing, more pretentious, but not much so, took its place, and this now is a diainidated euin which, however uncastellated and unbaronial, has an interest that is all its ow'n. 'High up on the range is the Appalachian tin mine-the old Nugget-but a good dis tance 'away. Here extensive tunnelling operatlons are being conducted to strike the lodes from which .the metal in the alluvial workings of the Dorset flat has been shed. Over the range, again, are the Ruby Flat workings and workers, the one tin, the other Chinese, or moetly so. To Ruby Flat, however, is a far cry. To the famous LEDGERWOOD ESTATE is nearer. The writer got to it across country, and rough, timber-strewn country it was. By this means a short cut to the main road beyond the town ship, back towards the "turn-off," was obtained, and after a mile or so along the macadamised thoroughfare the en trance to Messrs. Scott's domain is reached. To him who never leaves the road Legerwood is only a name. The casual passer-by has no idea of what lies a mile back from the modest five barred gate and track through bracken grown acres that lead to the home paddocks of this estate. A few minutes' ride and the homesteads of Messrs. George and Thomas Scott come into view, and then what a change! Splendidly situated on the bank of a rocky gully, down which flows a stream that provides the inestimable boon of an inexhaustible water supply, laid on wherever desired, one overlooks from the garden a gentle declivity that leads from the upland meadows to the fertile flats that border the Ringa rooma river for several miles. From the residences of the Messrs. Scott stretches a vast plain, as level almost as a billiard table, as rich as one could wish, and as far as the still standing timber ghosts will let one see. Acres upon acres of splendid and easily culti vable soil - ground that would grow anything from roots to Wheat - and land too that for the most part needs only to be cleared of the recently fallen wood to make way for the plough, before which the bracken growth and other rubbish would speedily succumb. On much of it this could be done for 30s per acre. Below the grassy declivity which ends the tableland are many hundreds of acres of river flats that promise an abundant response to the tickling of the plough. Here and there are cleared paddocks in crop and to be cropped, and where growth is above ground it looks really well. Before leaving the homestead the writer inspected some wheat and potatoes that would do credit to any soil, whether viewed from the point of quantity or quality of yield. Twenty five to thirty bushels of wheat, and ten to twelve tons of potatoes are regarded as a moderate standard at Ledgerwood. Year by year a large amount of work is being done on this estate. Chains upon chains of substantial deadwood fences are being erected as opportunity offers, and in the course of a twelve month thousands upon thousands of tons of timber are disposed of in this and other ways. Few need to be told of the richness of the Ledgerwood pastures. Not many but have tasted Ringarooma beef, and mutton too. From the 3000 acres which comprise the Ledgerwood estate comes a very large proportion of the fat stock that annually finds its way from Ringa rooma into consumption, whether via Launceston or Mathinna. In the course of a twelvemonth some 400 or 500 fat cattle are turned off Ledgerwood to the shambles, and in addition a large num ber of sheep. At a rough estimate Ledgerwood produces very nearly a third of the beef that is every year sent out from Ringarooma. The ori ginal survey of the Scottsdale-Ringa rooma railway traverses Ledgerwood for a considerable distance, and on it stands the first hut built in the dis trict. From this splendid property a course was steered for WOODLANDS. This is on the opposite side of the road to the Ledgerwood homestead,and belongs to Mr. Robert Scott, whose pre decessor in possession was Mr. E. J. Tracey, now a resident of the N.W. Coast. There are about 350 acres in Woodlands, and a large proportion is under grass, the rest in bush, and heavy bush, too, as witness the following measurements of a monster gum that springs from a rich black loam some distance back from the original clear ing: -Height, about 300ft., 63ft. round the butt, and 24ft. through at the widest part. Not a bad standing ad vertisement this of the qualities of the soil over which it towers! The owner of Woodlands has a splendid property, and year by year is doing much in the way of improvements to add to its value. The homestead stands on a gentle rise, a few chains back from the road, along which from the verandah may be commanded a capital view. A nicely laid out garden and some well cleared paddocks give a neat and pleasing aspect to this holding, the general condition of which is very creditable to its proprietor. On the way back to the township the RINGAROOMA RIVER is crossed, and just before coming to the bridge and ford a road bramches off to the right, and takes one along the opposite bank of the river to that on which the main road takes its course. Up this by-road Mr. Thomas Peters has a splendid farm of about 350 acres, which the turns to the best advantage of his extensive dairying operations, and on the splendid pas tures of which he runs some aristocra tically bred stock. Near by is Mr. Richard Oliver's holding, of about 640 acres, capital dairying country, upon which is to be found a herd of 70 or 80 milking cows. Up this road also Mr. W. H. Johnson has recently taken up a fair-sized block, all of it first rate land. Past the township, and Mineral Banks, and bordering along the Alber ton road, are a number of small, but fertile farms, lying snugly in the RING-AROOMA VALLEY. The term "small" has been used, but this .is only in comparison with the broad acreis to which eetended refer ence has been made. Indeed, a small acreage of 'Ringarooma soil, and of Ringarooma timber, is plenty for one family to develop to the best advantage. A hundred to a hundred and fifty acres is enough for any man to ailttend to as it should be. Up thbe valley then, the farms are small in comparison. Messrs. Francis Gorey, 'Thomas Wilson, and Wm. Wilson, have each about 150 acres, Mr. John Clark holds about 100, and Mr. J. H. Conder, between 300 and 400; many others nave smaller blocks. In eaich ease dairying is the mainstay. A branch read leads to the settlement knowtna as the NEW RIVER. Here also is some capital land, and other that is not so good, approaching even second-elass. At New River lives Mr. Josephs Dakin, a great butter and cheese maker; Mrs. Sebastian Sing line, who devotes her holding, of 500 acres, to the support of a herd of about 60 cows; Mr. Edward Pennefather, a large dairyman, with a 320-acre ,blck; Messrs. John Robertson, Richard Styles, and Fred Cleaver, eadh with some 200 acres, and many others with a smaller area to their unames. Alto gether the New River is a promising settlement, not alone on account of its ,thhriving agricultural population, but because of the excellent'results now be ing obtained from an adtive search for alluvial gold. A fine country, truly, is the Ringarooma Valley from end to end. 