A STRIKING CONTRAST. The Cardinal's public utterances on federation, including his celebrated Bathurst speech, his addresses, and his letter in last Monday's 'Telegraph,' placed beside the windy out pourings, dense ignorance, and of the dark, ac cursed venom, hate and despicable jealousy of the parsons who daubed themselves in savage warpaint and Hocked together on last Monday and on' last Tuesday week in the Y.M.C.A. Hall to dissolve in hysterical convulsions at the recent apparition of the 'Kiama Ghost,' was as a clear, deep, limpid river beside a sewerage drain exposed to the public gaze, and emitting foul odours, scaring away all who love soap baths, cleanliness and health. 'It would be sad Indeed,' writes his Emin ence, 'if whilst the flag of an United Australia was being unfurled it should be found sullied by the stain of bigotry or intolerance of any kind.' By con trast here are a few specimens taken, from the parsonic sewerage of pulpit bigotry on last Sunday:— 'The Cardinal came here charged with a commission which meant danger both to the State and individual.' 'The Protestant sen timent(?) must in this country be aroused at a critical juncture like this even though they were charged' with' raising sectarian strife.' 'They had now an opportunity to deal a blow at Rome in New South Wales.' 'It must not be forgotten that the Church of Rome is a standing menace to the civil and religious liberty of mankind.' These are only samples of the torrents , of bigoted filth that flowed forth; from. dozens of parsons' throats, and from so-called Christian pulpits on last Sun day. This too from the hypocrites who would turn up their sallow faces and saintly eyes if they saw a few boys in the fullness of youth's enthusiasm, and ? with hearts unpolluted by hatred of their, neighbours, playing cricket or football on Sunday. They decry inno cent, lawful games on. Sunday, and in their own inimitable way they sanctify the Sabbath by giving free vent to the worst and lowest of human passions — lying, hate, bigotry, prejudice, calumny and jealousy. How long will an intel ligent public tolerate these dastardly outrages on Christian decency, and on genuine religion? 