WAY FOR THE KLONDIKE KING. I 3?. "And who is Colonel J-'iizDomiuiekV"* said Lady May Helve r. J "Well, he is the Klondyke King—made piles of money out of those mines, yon linow. Who he is besides, no one seems to know. Probably because ho is no- ?K>dy. However, he has mountains of money, and really is a very dct-eni !'•-•) low." So spake .Im-k I)yncv<»r. the eldest Of Sir John I>ynevor. of Rushiou P.-irk. .Jack was.iusl one of those strong. woll- Iniilr. wholesome-looking young men of ;wliom there are so many to be .seen in England. He was also an excellent Shot, and a most desirable parti in the -eyes of many of the keen matchmakers •oof society. "And do yon mean to say that we fiave been invited to meet this man as if he were RoyalivV" said Lady May, lier prettv upper iip eurlint; disdainfully. "Nor nuire that." replied Jack, laughing-. "And tlie man himself is neither Iramptious nor a snub. as far as 1 <.-au iell. But you know the kind or thing. There lias been a -lead set at him crer since he arrived. Tlie men v/aut to get tips out of liim. The ladies not. only svant that, but also to screw appointments out of liim for pels of theirs. of —save the mark—to take charge of him -entirely and lancer him in London. And as our hostess has no doubt promised Iherself to do this. I see the prospect of a regular flare-up sooner or later." "lint surely the.v don't i-xpcci him io Heal round cheques like v:mls'r" said ILady May. curling her lip rather more. "No,'" replied Jack, with somewhat of a look of wonder—for Lady May was a -clever girl and knew her world thoroughly. "Not that—not that some oC ithem would mind. I fancy, if he did. I expect Mary Molleton would grab hers like a shot. But, you see. lu* is a power fn finance, and knows many things, and ibe keeps up large establishments both jhere and in Canada, and is buying land —all of which means that he can do iOiings for his friends. Do you see?" "Yes, I see." replied May—so indifferently that it .Tack was surprised ;ig:<in. again, for the feelin ling was so dissimilar l'mm 1 that which ho had lately witnessed in mothers. But then he reflected that it iwas like the true nobility of May's character to be entirely free from ail these petty strivings after the dross of daily life. It will be observed that lie thought of tier as May. Whether he had any right ito do so he did not yet know, but. he Jhoped he had, and he was prepared to put the question to the issue as soon -Sis the favorable opportunity occurred. Jack had known Lady May and her Ifamily since childhood, so he naturally proceeded in inquire after the absent, tiord and Lady Hilehester were quite nvell. the girls were flourishing. Heliverstone was with his regiment, aud Bob—poor Bob— was still in dire disgrace. "Please don't talk of it." she said with moist eyes. "You know he is my favorite brother—and—my father forfcids us even to mention his name.". Colonel FitzDoininick was a long, lean man with a clean-shaven face, which looked as if it had been carved out of Bome hard Australian wood by an tirtist who was pressed for time. Not Seven the radiance of the golden halo iwith which he was surrounded could in- vest him with anything approaching to good looks, but. on the other hand, he possessed a pair of merry twinkling (eyes. a. large ample smile, and a fluent tongue—which at its very first utter- •ance proclaimed aloud the* fact that his place of birth was the Distressful Country. He had gone up to Klondyke in the early days. Report said that the solid results of his .journey were to be reckoned in millions. Also that the adventures he had gone through, and the •sufferings he had endured, would have •completely broken down a less deter mined man. Therefore, there was a halo of romance about him quite ir respective of the golden radiance of his Stealth. But he was the Very last person in tlie •world whom one might have expected to make an impression on Lady May IHelver—"the scornful May." as many ^ealled her. It is true that she was one iof six daughters, and Lord Hilcliester was decidedly poor for his position. Moreover, as all the estates were entailed, it was quite obvious that he Would not be able to do much, if indeed anything at all. for his girls. Besides, though May was a beauty of a very uncommon type, she was twenty-six, her other sisters were all otit. one of them twas married, aud altogether, whatever anight be the .actual circumstances, there was no doubt that Slav was open to l-egarded by friends aud relations alike as a failure. Some girls do not like this kind of position. They get "Wild, fling themselves at the heads of the most unlikely men, aud plunge into marriages which can only be adequately atoned for by a lifetime of misery afterwards. And, on the oilier baud. iColonel FitzDoininick was so far from Ijeing an unlikely subject that he was "beyond dispute a highly eligible parti in a worldly sense, and could without 'doubt have commanded a parade of half the beauties of Mayfair aud Belgravia, bad he chosen to select a wife by the Oriental method of throwing the hand- Itercliief. In one sense she would be Hoing very well for herself if she martried the Colonel. But then May Helver had always given herself such airs, said all the ladies of the house party. It would liave seemed far more natural that slie Should fling herself away on a penniless prince than do such a straightforward. •Common sense thing as set her cap at: a. millionaire nobody. If she merely looked to money, why had she refused {Lord Hilldon. the miser- peer who Owned a good slice of London, and lived in a cheap flat in Bloomsbury: or Sir Henry Ailswood. of Ailswood—just because that unfortunate story about the keeper s daughter had happened to leak out? If it came to that did not <every one know that, if she chose, she could have a large fortune and a husband who was devoted to her by simply marrying her old friend. Jack Dynevor? —for." as usual, the lookers-on saw most Of the game. "She always was a queer girl." said Jjady Horsham, the hostess, over the tea-table—not, perhaps, without a bitter feeling that it is rather hard to have .your tame millionaire annexed in this jway before really he lias been "of any good/' "And queer girls always rush to extremes. Not that she will not be aoing exceedingly well for herself, if Hush! here she comes—and the Colonel with her." The .person who undoubtedly was most surprised by Lady May's conduct TVitii regard to Colonel FitzDom'mick w a s .Tack Dyuevor. What happened exactly was this : On the first night Jack took Lady May in to dinner. This was a piece of good-natured but perhaps blundering management on the part of the hostess. On the other side of her sat Colonel FitzDoininick. After a brief sputter of conversation with Jack, site turned suddenlv to the Colonel, and said something in a low voice which made linn fcend towards her with a laugh. Alter that he paid no further attention to his lawful partner, but devoted himself vo iLadv Mav for the rest of the dinner nor could all Jack's efforts induce lior to vouchsafe ti> him more than a few scattered seconds of her attention. At firs!, he was mortified, then fVarfiil that in some way lie must have offended !ier. and. lastly, indiguant. Putting aside all other considerations, it was not nice of her t<« cut an old friend so completely and in such a marked manner. When tlie ladies were gone he veered round to thi' view that, as women always treat men badly whom They really like, it was an excellent siu.n. In the mornin.u. however, he received a very decided shock, which complctely upsei nil his confidence. There weiv '"garden-links" in the grounds, and ii: asked Lady May, a i t er breakfast, to play. "I am sorry," she replied, ""'out 1 have promised Colonel FitzDomiuick to give iiiin a lesson: and you know it is of no use making up a foursome with a beginner." Jack ground his teeth, and would have proceeded to dispute the latter statement, but at thai moment Colonel FitzDoininick came in. Lady May called to him : "Mr Dynevor wanted me to play you false!" she cried, merrily. "But I was staunch," To say Jack Dynevor was thunderstruck is no exaggeration. If any one had told him two minutes before that Lady May Helver would condescend to remind any man that she Lia/' promised to teach him golf, he would havt laughed the idea TO scorn. The tiling was incredible. Yet Lady May had done it. Jack 1 »yu.-vor loft the room with a bm\\\\- ,is black as night. He had fixed iiis f.iiih mi Lady May. Me had 1 bought that she was superior to all oilier women, and. lo! the Klondyke magician had but to wave his golden wand, and she threw herself on her knees before him in front even of tlie adoring press of her sex. After that he went and sulked for a while in the smoking- room. There he evolved the brilliant idea of asking pretty little Miss Linda FfoUioit to play golf with him, "just to show that, he did not: care." A Having invented such an ingenious method of self-torture, it would, of com-, course, 5 *?, have been a pity if it had not worked well, hut, is a matter of fact, it succeeded aduiim ibly. He had the mis- ery of observing thai Lady May was entirely absorbed in her pupil, and did nor-pay the slightest attention to the other players. This might be pique, of course, but it looked disagreeably like indifference. Miss FfoUioit had sharp eyes, and she soon realised that Jack was singularly remiss in his attention to the game, and that his eyes were more intent on Lady May's figure than her own. She knew all about that affair, of course, and had no objection to catching .Hack's heart on the rebound if it could be done, but she did decidedly draw the line at bein. made a fool of. Therefore she finished the round, and after that would play no more. As the days wore on. the true state of the ease became an open secret to the whole party. '•Poor old chap!" said the men. "Why doesn't he show some spirit?" said the ladies,especially Miss Ffolliott. who would have liked very well to marry Jack and be Lady Dyuevor some day. Meanwhile Jack had decided on flight. The usual telegram—which deceives no one under these circumstances—had arrived, and it appeared that the usual mysterious "important business" required the presence of Mr Jack Dyuevor in town. Of course the usual polite suggestion and conjectures were made — what would become of society if these little fictions were neglected'1—aud it was thoroughly understood, by the ladies, at any rate, that "poor Mr Dynevor" ha«l been rejected by Lady May, aud by tli.j men ihat he had "chucked up the sponge" in favor of the Klondyke King. As for Lady Slay, she was at first serenely unconscious: then burst, into sudden sobs and active consciousness, and cross-examined Jack so closely about the telegram and the business that really if seemed quite cruel, all things considered. "Wants to keep a second siring in case of accidents," was the general opinion. But when it became evident that .Tack declined to respond to her raillery, and was really going, Lady May reverted abruptly to her most scornful manner, and began to talk audibly and with the utmost interest—of course, to the inevitable Colonel FitzDoininick—about the picnic which was arranged for tlie next day. This was the picture which Jack carried away with him, and. if he had been a melodramatic young man, he would probably have gnashed his teeth over It all the way to London till there were none left io gnash. It was about three months later thai .Jack Dynevor met Lady May Helver again at: a county ball. He asked her to dance—for old friendship's sakepromising himself to be perfectly calm and indifferent. "1 have something to tell you," she sa.id when they paused in the waltz, "something which is a great secret*and so you must consider it a compliment that I tell it to you." "You mean that I am to congratulate you*:" inquired Jack in a. tone that was perfectly cold, though his heart began to thump. "Yes.* Congratulate me. that is quite the word. Heartily and ever so often. But how ou earih did you know? Did he tell yon r" "And when is it to beV' continued Jack, with the same lifeless voice aud manner, ignoring the last question. "It is. Dont you understandV li lias been going ou now for a month. My father has forgiven Bob. and we are all happy again." He stared at her in full bewilderment. What had Bob to do with her engagement to Colonel FitzDoininick. unless What were those stories of girls who sacrificed themselves for their family? Was this the touching explanation of it all? "I tell you." continued Lady May, "because"it is partly owing to you—ves. vou need not look so soared—a ud a coin- cidence. On the first day at the Horsliams 7 I was down first to dinner. Colonel FitzDoininick was second. When he saw me. ho started aud cried out. Thcu. seeing that I looked amazed, and possibly indignant, he begged my pardon and explained that I was so like his own daughter, who was miles away, that he was quite startled. Took me for a ghost. I suppose. Well, we talked, and I soon saw that he was a uootl. kind, fatherly thing, and it flashed ou me what vou had said about hi being able to do things for people. Suppose T could get him to do something for Bob': Dreadfully scheming of mo. wasn't it": Well. then, at dinner. 1 made a bold stroke and called liim 'mon pere." That won his heart, and you know what friends wo became. When lie heard of Bob's circumstances, he proposed at once to do something for him. Wasn't it nice of him':" It would be iuipt>ssibl<\- tn describe Jack's feelings as the revelation unfolded itself. The only thing thai was quite clear to him was that he would never, never be able to explain to her what he had imagined—not even if they attained the highest confidence. Tr jii.-t be added that ijjey 1V.H •d per: >d of biiss shortly afterwards. Lady May was milch troubled that "mon'pere" was unable lo be at wedding. He seni a handsome present. luii felr himself obliged suddenly to out to Canada again, and has not vet returned. Lady Horsham and Mary Molleton always said • My dear if you had only seen them! And. of course, a wild man like thai wouldn't understand. "—"The World." 