A MIRACLE IN S YTJSÏET. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA CURED. BOILER-MAKER JARVIS WAS TOLD BY DOCTORS HE MUST DIE. ', ON THE VERGE OF THE GRAVE. A FINAXI EXPERIMENT AND ITA ? ? . . ASTOUNDING RESULTS. THE! DOCTORS BEWILDERED. INTERESTING INTERVIEWS. " FULL PARTICULARS OF A REMARK- ABLE RBUOVERY A SENSATION-AT ULTIMO, I ?'" (From thé Australian, Workman ) j One of the best known residents of Ultimo, Sydney, is Mr. Thomas Jarvis, who resides ut 45 Drown lane. A multitude of his acquain- tances were grieved to notioo how his fine phy«ique was «lowly but sorely being undermined by au insidious and mysterious malady. The disease baffled all who attempted to diagnose it, meanwhile Jarvis suffered agnnieB mentally and physioally. His trouble developed at last so rapidly that he waa i HOBOED TO HIS BSD, sod his tortore becoming unendurable, large quantities of opium and morphia were administer- ed to alleviate his sufferings. Ho applied to a well-known doctor, bat that gentleman attar a oareful sorunity pronounced his case hopelessly Inourable, and gave him an order address to the Dlreotorof Oharitabio Institutions. Poor JaiviB went home to bed, and another doctor waa oalled In and agretd that JABVIS WAH INCUBADLE, and all that could'be done for bim was in the dlreotlon of di adenia jr tho pain which rooked bim, Whilo Jarvis waa patiently walting for the kindly band of death to' oud his sufferings, his attention was diieottd to aa advertisement iu the press, and thinking that a case therein stated resembled hiiawu he determined, as a last re-ort. to try Dr. William's Pink Pills for Pale People; ' Tue first Brx'had a magical effect Qpon bim tho very first .week. His appetite returned, and be at onoe moro experience tho LUXUUY OP A BLEEP. The second week with the second box of pills con finned the symptoms of recovery, and ho persever- ed with the third and fourth boxes with equally surprising rosults. He is now taking his fifth box und in five short weeks " * AN A «SOLUTE CUBIC has been revealed. Kvory day bis strength in oroaecs, and although not yet robuBt ho is a new man full of vitality, confidence, and enthus- iasm. It is no wonder thea that his case is oaas ing quite a sensation at Ultimo, an d the news is spreading throughout the olty and suburbs. Under these extioordinny olroumstanoes wa dfo ded to send a> representative of The Austra- lian Workman to moke inquiries so the oaro may bo fully authenticated, and the publia may obtain all particulars. So remark able a oure dewrves tho widest publioity in tho interests of BDKFKI1INO HUMANITY whose maladies baffle all the salence, learning and oxperienco of the medical profession. THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our representative rando mads bi» way to the humble homo of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo, Ho was discover td nursing a two year-old baby, and hiB faoo declared him to be cue of tho happiest mea in Sydney. Ue waa up and about, and able to ans- wer tho knock mt tbe door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a oritloal Illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that ho was an invalid on the rapid road ta convalescence. In reply to the preliminary question* he said*:' " You want to know all about my ouse ? i Well, I glad of an opportunity to tell you. The faut may be of value to those who are Btioken as 1 was." " How long were yon snfferiog f" . " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to . LEAVE OFF WOBK and I have done nothing Binee then. About Svn years ago, next Christmas, I with met ni accident ; I waa badly scalded while taking a bath in 'Utt-st, Sydney. Sinos the aooident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual develop I ment of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island. I " What wero the symptoms Î" " Simply indescribable. The pains were some- thing terrible. They were just about as much aa II eonld bear. They were for all the world like as it a SAW WEBE OCTTINO UT BONES '/ in two in every part of me. I had "no ooñtrol over my bowels or bladder, and waa a nuisance to myself and to everyone else. I waa incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor Bleep. On the 23rd March last I Baw a well known dootor, and he told me that my case 'was utterly hopeless. However, he (rave mo an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did ynu make usa Df the order ?" " No ; I oame home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks, ago I ouold not walk aorosa tbe floor ; in foot. I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it waa ALL OVER WITH ME, - and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My dootor waa attending me,, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills to ease the agony I waa in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He oame to the oooolnslon that I wan suffering from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progres- sive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peonliar disturbances of galt, and difficulty in coordinating voluntary move i menta. He told me that I might Inst for ten years, and that I might never get tho use of my legs, (Just then tho patient kioked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at i-traw, I grasped an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the onre effected iu the case of another boiler-maker in England, whioh I read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr. Wil- liams'Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a csBe whioh seemed to St my own. I determined to give the Fink Pills a trial anyway, and ' ; ' SEHT FOB A USX. Tho effect was as marvellous as it waa magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing waB tho "v. matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately loft tbs bed end was abl« to move about. T have taken four boxes of Fink Pills during tho poBt fonr weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. . . . I CAN WALK ABOUT with the aid of a Bl lok, and am gradually, , but surely, recovering my. former vigor and vitality. You see thoBB arntohes thero ? Thty aro perfeotly now, and I have never used them. They were mode for me before I got the Pink Pille, but I waa too weak to use them. Now I don't want them, AU I want ia'this stiok, and I hopo Boon to do without it. Yon see I am rapidly regaining my strength." . " Ho IslOO per cent better,"said Mrs Jarvis, who hud oem« in and taken the baby on. her knees. " Pink Pills hava ".' BATED HIS LIFE anil mode another mon of him." A friend who culled in at tbis point, said that Jarvia looked 10 years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously, ; - ' i '. I can now," continued Jarvis, " hnvo a oold bath, and all the feeling bas como book in my liga. If I koop ongoing the way I nm, I, hope to be able to work In two months' time. I feel that I shall then be well enough to resume wurk as a boiler-maker, and von know I have to ba in the very pink ot health and strength to work at that trade. 1 am BETTBll TO-DAY thun I have been at any timo during the past five years. I ascribe all the obauge and benefit to these Pink Pill». They have saved ray life. " I am in no pain now,- whatever, and feel like n new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of , OPIUM AKD MOUrillA pills whioh the dootor gave me to deaden- the excruciating pain. But they can Blay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me bas been amaied "at the change in rae. They can hardly ' believe their vyee. My being about has caused quite a sensation oat here," Having wished Mr. Jurvis continued speed townrdB reoovery our representative withdrew. 