AT THE THEATRE. They told the same old stories, They sang the same old airs, .They sat in ancient costumes On very modern chairs. While paper snow was falling They cooked green ears of corn,, And 'twasn't fifteen seconds Between the night and morn. The same old villain plotted. The same old lover sighed. The same relentless parent His eager suit denied. They wrote in twenty seconds A letter, or a will; They waved in air their glasses. Yet drank them brimming stil!. The thunder lacked an echo, The moon was pale and weak. And when the ghost was rising The -crank set forth a squeak Ah! yes, the same old people With nothing new to tell; And yet, I must confess it, Too soon the curtain fell, A New York artist received a circular from a dried fruit firm, inviting him to join in a competition for a poster. Only one prize was to be given, and the un successful drawings were to become the property of the firm. He replied :ts follows:— "Gentlemen,— I am offering a prize of 50 cents for the hest specimens of dried fruit, and should be glad to have you take part in the competition. Twelve dozen boxes of each kind of fruit should be sent for examination, and all fruit that is not adjudged worthy of the prize will remain the property of the under signed. It is also required that the ex press charges on the fruit so forwarded be paid by the sender." This letter ended the correspondence. At a gathering in New Haven, Dr. Watson— Ian Maclaren— told a story about his- trip to the Holy Land, to which lie had been looking forward for a num ber of years with pleasurable anticipa tion. As he was nearing the centre of historic Palestine, he met an American, who was making all haste to get away. After such greetings as two English- speaking men meeting in a foreign coun try might exchance, the American asked Dr. Watson where he was going. " To Jerusalem," was the reply. "Jerusa lem ?" exclaimed the American, in tones of unfeigned disgust. "You don't want to go there ! I've just come away. It's a slow town. Why, there isn't a single daily newspaper in the whole place!" A certain noble lord who some time back visited Constantinople, with his daughter, had the honor of being enter tained at dinner by the Sultan. The young lady sat between the Grand Vi zier and another high official, both of whom were most assiduous in their at tentions. The Sultan, remarking this, and desirous of setting his distinguished guests at their ease, sent round a mes sage to explain that the Grand Vizier had already three wives, and that the other official was more blessed with four, adding, in all seriousness, "You need not therefore be in the least alarmed, my dear madam, as I have no intention of permitting them to add further to the number." 