He Was Haunted, Fisher'd ghost has boon laid, to the rogrot of those who have cherished him a& a Winter story for the fireside. He is 110 longer believed to sit on top of a three-railed fence as a clue to the discovery of his bones in a stagnant pool. Bufc thero is a man in fche Glebe who was haunted by a speotre which never left him. It was with him as he sat all day mending shoos, and in the dark aud silent watches of the night it cluug to him, and he began to look upou ifc as a fearful part of himself until his time would come to enter into the spirit land. It was a grim aud horrible experience, aud all his days aud nights were speut in trying to solve the enigma of its presence, and the way that ho could lay it, as they had laid Fishor's ghost. The worst of the matter was thafc it was invisible to all but himself. He was worse than haunted, it tortured him, for this spoctro loved to give him paifi. At length the means woro given to him to free himself of its hate ful presence, and he describes his last fight with it to our representative, who waited upon him afc 86 Bridge-road, Glebe. ' For the past eight years,' said Mr. Win. Burko, shoemaker, ''I have endured very much from constipation aud piles, no medicine seemed to do me good. At night I could not sleep, and by day I was too drowsy to do my work. Nothing Itook could free me of pain, until I tried Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills, and now I can say that they are the best remedy 1 have ever known, as they do not gripe or weakon, and yet do all that is said of them. I am a better man to-day then I have beon for years. It is a grand oure.' Dr. Morse's Indian Root Fills cure stich cases, and positively caee Ner vous Headache, Siok Headaahe, Biliousness, Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Dizziness, Liver Com plaiut, Kidney and Female Troubles. Sold by chemists and storekeepers. Prioe, Is ljd per box, Or six boxes six shillings. (If not obtain able from your chemist or storekeeper sstme will be forwarded on recoipt of price.) The W. H. Comstook Co., Limited, 58 Pifct-sfcreefc , Sydnoy, N.S.W. The custom prevails in Mexioo of selling tickets for tlie theatre with coupons attaohed, each coupon representing an act. Ift there fore, you waufc to see only one act, you pur chase oue coupon ; if two, a couple of ooupons, aiid so oh. 