Renovadag. A pleasant task enough with an ample purse, renovating becomes a more difficult matter where means are limited. But women are constantly proving the truth of the old saying, " Where there's a will there's a way," and thrifty house wives know how necessary it is to the well-being of their homes to have an occasional renovation. Taken in its sense of restoring, to renovate means to replace, to set right, to refresh, &c.; Spring is the time generally chosen for this kind of work, but with winter be fore us, and the dull days in store, it is more important at this season than at any other to do all we can to brighten our homes and render them as cheerful and attractive as possible. There are houses where it seems that nothing is ever renovated or replaced ; the worn out things, though perfectly useless, lurk about like ghosts of better days ; everywhere there is a cheerless air of discomfort and " falling to pieces," and very often this state of things is not the result of poverty, but seems to arise from want of perception ; for we find the inmates of these households per fectly callous to or apparently uncon- scious of their uncomfortable surround ings. If we ore bent on renovating, the first thing to be done Is to try and look at things from an outsider's point of view, forgetting our familiarity with the cracks, breaks, and general shabbiness. It is a good plan to take one room at a time, and, scanning every detail with a critical eye, to make notes of all the imperfections and wants we can dis cover. The result will probably reach a far greater expenditure than we are prepared to make, but things can be done by degrees, and we can then cut out the least necessary things till we bring the sum within our limit. A great deal can be achieved at a trifling cost, even whetf more elaborate renovation has to be curtailed. Provided with a bottle of good cement, a tin of glue, and a certain amount of patience, we can mend whatever requires our services, leaving anything too complicated to be dealt with by the professional " jobber," who must presently be called in. A new blinji cord here, a few tin tacks there, and come stitches elsewhere will all help. Perhaps there is a shabby frame, the appearance of which we can much improve with a coat of metallic enamel, or some metal ornaments which will look all the better for being brushed over with bronzette or silvering fluid. Then there are the cushions to be thought of, and even the coverings of the chairs, either of which can be easily beautified with remnants of artistic tapestry for a very few shillings. A new taJble cover, if only made of art serge, and finished with a ball fringe, or a new lamp shade, will help to brighten the tout ensemble of a room.— "Woman." .j......... 