The Storyteller. ? A DAUGHTER'S DEVOTION. j {Continued from Saturday's Issue.) , CHAPTER XVIII. — (Continued.) ' T3rit from this moment there was a great golf ' cleft between Ada and Angus Dene, and t he was more utterly lost to herthati if be had lain In his grave, for he was not even a memory. v , She must hate hira and forget htm. She bad 9l lane war with herself as to whether it was her duty to tell what she had seen ; hat she decided that since she had no actual certainty for her fears, and nothing could bring her father back to life again, she would leave matters to take their natural course, and let Time and Fate unravel the mystery. She ha ) cast the idol out of her heart ; but it was not for her to throw the first stone at him as he lay discrowned in the dust. ^ And then there was the bare chance of his inno cence — a poor one, indeed, she knew; bnthe had a right to the benefit of any doubt, how ever small : and so she left her idol down in the dust there, and tried to walk the thorny road bravely without him. But she was so desolate — how desolate our readers may understand when we say that even Lord Kendarth became necessary to her, and 6he would listen for his step eagerly, and greet him with outstretched handB as he entered. Pride, energy, enterprise had all left her. She knew that she was living here at tbe Earl's expense — although he kept the fact out of sight as much as he could — and yet she was too apathetic to care. She should marry him some day, if he still wished it ; for what did it signify whom she married, or what became of her now? And meanwhile ? ? Meanwhile, she had no strength to free her self ; and, as the day went on, the Earl's power over her destiny became an established fact, which she did not even take the trouble to deny in her own mind. But she had just this remnant of her old sen sitiveness left that she would not ask Penelope Grey to come to her, feeling that she had no right to impose one more upon Lord Kendarth ; and so she suffered her loneliness, and bad only such dangerous comfort and counsel as the Earl could give her. At the coroner's inquest held upon the unfoi tunate baronet, a verdict was brought in of suicide whilst in a state of unsound mind. Dr. Lawrence spoke to violent fits of depression to which Sir Charles had been subject ever since his attack of brain fever: and moreover, de posed that, from the nature of the wound, it might have been self-inflicted. The pistol found iu the wood had been taken from a case in the library belonging to Sir Charles, and the groom who happened to see hie master leave the grounds on the day of bis death testified to tbe effect that he looked very pale and disturbed — like a man who had some thing on his mind. This evidence, and the fact that no one could have had any motive for the crime, influenced the jury in their verdict ; and the only one who could have enlightened them somewhat chose to He mute, praying always that it might not be laid to her acconnt that she had shielded a possible murderer from the consequences of his crime. Sir Charles was buried in the farailv vault ; and poor Ada, who was in a low, nervous state, if not exactly ill wandered about tbe gloomy mansion like a ghost. The heir, who was travelling in America, could not arrive to take possession of his own just yet ; and if he had been at the pateR. Ada coold hardly have brought herself to understand the position better than she did now. The day after the funeral, Lord Kendarth stayed away, although the poor child, in her desolation, longed and listened for him hour after hour. But night came, and there was no sign of him. Several of the neighbours had called in the course of the afternoon - notably the Duchess of Donca&ter; ; but Ada denied herself to all, and still waited for Lord Kendarth. The next morning he did not show either ; hut towards evening, just as she was beginning to despair, she heard his step, and, in her eagerness, ran out to meet him. Lord Kendarth lirted her frail, hot hand to his lips, and an expression of unholy, passionate joy gleamed in hifl dark eyes. Leadiug her to a 6ofa, be sat down beside her. ' I Am afraid it is no use askine YOU how you are, poor child !' be murmured, ever so softly, his glance dwelling on the pale, patient sweetness of her face with yearning, boundless love. ?' I have been so lonely !' she sighed. 44 Poor little one !' Even now he was careful to keep his intense eyes away from her, thit his proposition, when it came, might appear to be dictated solely by his feeling for her rather than for himself. And she was such a child still : what power bad she to cope with a wily, desperate, unscrupulous man like her companion ? The sympathy in his voice moved her to say. rather petulantly : 'Why didn't you come all day yesterday ? You must have known I should want you.' ' I was afraid of intruding, Ada.' ' If you are always going to say that, what will become of me?' she said, with a sob. ' It was so dreadful here alone !' She was playing into his hand, unconsciously giving him just the opportunity he wanted, and he hastened to take advantage of it. 41 My poor dear child, if I was not with you yesterday, believe me, 1 waB thinking of you, anxiously and incessantly. Have you thought about wbat to do when your cousin arrives ?' Ada shook her head with a bewildered air. ' He is quite a young man,' the Earl went on ; *' it is quite impossible you should stay here with him, and Lady Winterton seems in no harry to offer yoa a home.' ' I could not go there in any case,' answered Ada, decidedly ; ' they are not rich, and she has daughters of her own, and — ' ' I understand, and have already anticipated your objections. Then, Ada, there is only one possible alternative that I can see ' ' What is that ?' she asked, innocently. ' You must marry roe at once.' She began to remonstrate, but he stopped her. 'Listen to all my arguments before you answer me, Ada. Your father desired our marriage beyond everything; and, therefore, by acceding to my wishes, you pay honour to his memory, and show that you do not cast his authority aside the moment he is unable to 'enforce it. This is no time fnr foolish conven tionalities. You have a sacred duty to perform towards your dead father ; so have I ; and what the world may say and think, is nothing to us. In a few more days it will be impossible for you to remsin here, and my home is yours, only that you must enter it as my wife. We will walk quietly into ohorch early one morning, Ada, no bells shall ring, there shall be nothing to distress you ; you shall even wear your mourn ing-dress, if you will ; but unless you give me the right to comfort you in your loneliness, for your own sake, I dare not come here. I could not bear that people should speak ill of you, my poor child, now that you have no protector or friend, Ada,' he pursued, in an eager, per suasive tone. ' I have thought of something that will please you, if you will only consent to my proposal. You have a girl- friend whom you love, have you not ? We will go together to the school, and rescue her from her life of drudgery, and she shall have a happy home with us. . Shall it be so?' And Ada was so sorrowful, so weary, so deso late, that she Baid : ' Yes.' (To be concluded inSaturday's iituc.) 