OWSERTAL STORY.. A DISCIPLE OF GARsl All Rights Reserved. CHAPTER I. , BY WILLIAM H. ELSUM. - ' I In winch are introdiiceaijjlie^riDcipiil'characters of our story ; and Jolin'BBXtei disappears mysteiioualy- T is a gloribus'suinnier's evening in« the depths ol an- Australian bush. The location is a,spot in the -Strathbogie- ranges, ten miles from the beautiful township: of .. ..:. -All day - longt.the-:t-her K, mometer has .been striving, with might and main, to reach a hundred degrees in the shade, and. had almost effected -its " purpose," when old Sol turned traitor, and hid his fiery face behind the : distant hills. A soft mountain breeze has sprung up, wafting the -odohr undi.. smoke:', asf innumerable bush and grass fires across the tops of the big eucalypti, which are .gratefully the,.cool evening air after the intense heat of the day. The mountain musk, and, other flowering shrubs, are giving forth their respective perfumes to God's atmos- phere; whilst the dense undergrowth of bracken fern, wild cherry bushes.t and mumerous: other.more or: less-beauti- - ful species of vegetable life typical of an Australian forest, is 'fe'couping its strehgt]i from- the night . dews that' are already falling, and freemg itself from the dust of the day: T • ; T ' ; ; ' " ' . - . • : i :-vV>, Ever and anon the plaintive cry of a native bear, or the hijarious fones of a laughing Jcingfi.slier, break -with startling abruptness upon the still, holy calm. Truly, it is a most.peaceful scene, and one well calculated to overwhelm the souls of us poor mortals witli awe arid admiration at the ruling of our Creator, and the wonders of his works. ' ••' : ..;"•.• ;- v. . : AlOhgHhewindihg mountain -i-6ad conie.s a solitar3' human being,; seemingly indilferent to the beautiful scene around - him, to judge by his attitude as he plods along with his eyes fixed unremittingly on the track before liirh. : He is clad in the orthodox Australian " sundowner's " costume, and carries a substantial " swag,' from which is dangling to and fro the familiar, well blackened " billy/' over one shoulder, whilst his face is shaded 'neath tlie generous brim of a large felt hat. He is the ordinary type of an Australian bushman, tall and bearded ; tanned with the many years of exposure to the'- sun, and yet' beneath it aU; an . intefligent, thoughtful expression of face; his name is John Baxter, and • he., had come: over with thousands of his fellow-beings from the mother country when all the world was pulsating with the news of the phenomenal gold finds in Australia. A small black and white terrier follows the (man's heels, its tongue protruding, and tired and thirsty after a day's tranip over the ranges in the-heat of an Australian sun ; but the man appears determined to push on, and after walking about another four miles, he comes in sight of a camp consisting of three tents ; a camp fire, over which a large " bill)'" is suspended,, :is burning merrily in front of the tents, throwing its fitful gleams on the' faces of four men grouped around in picturesque attitudes. A strangely assorted party this, as the general run of prospectors go, for such they ire, as is evidenced by the mining tools and implement's scattered about. ; Let us take a glance at the countenances of the four men round the fire; three of them are honest-Jooking, hard-working bush men, the fourth——-well, it would be difficult to ac curately gauge his character ; looking at him first, one is struck with the crafty, sinister expression of his face, his eyes cannot meet yours, and the whole bearing of the man is such as would lead you to suspect that he is an old ''bird," who "had ''"dbne his'time" in Van Diemen's Land, and you would not be far out in your supposition ; this man's: name is Jacob Bencraft. In striking contrast to him is the young fellow who is, at this moment, engaged in lighting his pipe with burning stick from the fire. As he rises from his stoopingposturejoneisstruckwithithespiendidphy;- \- slquenianasomepre^Ua^^ bearing'of the man ; standing six feet two in his boots, with shoulders broader than :thej average,, he unconsciously forms a picture that could not faiil to command anyone's admiration. ' - / He is an Australian by bi.rth,.andliis name is Richard Sinclair, familiarly known among his many friends and associates'as Dick. He is looked upon by at least two of the party as their leader, but Bencraft, whose narrow-minded, jealous nature is incapable of discerning any good traits of character, that others may possess, hates him with a fierce, implacable hatred, that is remarkable only for having no jother object than mere jealousy. I The man who is lying at full length, smoking a cherrywood pipe, is a fine specimen of an Englishnative, bronzed with the heat of five years of Australian sun.; .this is Tlionitis Liiidltiw, known among.'his mates as " Honest Tom," and a general favourite wherever he may happen to cast his lot. The remaining member of the part)', sitting stolidly on a fallen log, and gazing with a blank expression of face into the fire, meanwhile smoking a pipe the bowl of which, if the . owner were hard pressed, would do duty as a bucket, is a solid-fieshed, phlegmatic Teuton; he is a general 1 ., favouritewith ;.the icamp^orite'tof Ms excellent traits being, unlike liiost of his^MoW-riifeni that of speaking seldom,' and when he does speak, which, by the way, is always in German-English, his words are generally straight and to |the> point; this is Yan Erkliardt, sometimes known as 'f Dutchy." ; \ThiSj dean reader, is a. faint .description, of the party that lounged around the-'fire in the-gloaming of the evening of which I write ; an animated-conversation had • been going on between two of their tiumber, which came to a sudden cessation as. John Baxter appeared around the. bend of the,road. As lie approached the fire, Dick, as we shall in future-call him, cried out in a . cheery voice; that was remarkable for Ithe absence ^f stlie" ordinary bush twang t " Good evening, mate, you appear-to be rather badly knocked up." 'Aye, mate, you've guessed it,V replied Baxter, ly like walking down Collins-street,| and if you don't • mind me makin' a drop o' tea at your' fire, J'Jl be down right-thankful." _ ' " No need to do. that,, old man, said Dick, -our a-mif there 1 ^plent tfor iM The stranger, aftenexpressmg hi ihank ,-took a^sipe from his pockety and whilst filling -|it, scrutim ed ..the :faces : -of our<four: J^ierids: :. ; f "Have you coriie "from Melbourne, mate ' a ked Tom. ^No^rve come straight; a< ross country irom Bal larat way," 1 " Had any luck P " asked- Btncraft, speaking for the first time. .--.-• *' Ghi- middlm' v'you kriowv'miadhn I can t grumble, it's been five ^yearSftof'vnothing but hard work from morn till night, and now I'm making my way home to tlie missus and-nippers to- have a. pell for a while, and spend IAhevibitfo^gprdii'v;e'!«ave'd 4 f After talking for,a while over the different adventure that each had ,mfet witlyn then more or le chequered careers, preparations were made ito^lurn m/ r as ! " early to «'bed and early to^rise, wa the rule of the At a n^lyh 9^yn:the^n 1^h 1l/yet the "king, 5 of day " wakslufeb&fm;'g.m Ins couch^o^tlie ta/ 1 horizoninprepafatoryfo pamtmg anc'^"^ ^ ^ thus heraJdinglus coining io'usher : wasJ.sj.sn^to&Efli;^mgl p s_tent,;l ^wasldm^edfljyfinot^ sefm -of ^heremains^Jf ntK ^pfevioj^^iig) 1 "^ j i L th'e l Bthers, he set about obtaining the lequisites piepar&tory-; to building a fire -with which io cook the morning meal. ."JiFinclIng that there was not enough dry wood in the campJoi'.the.purpose, lie resolved'to go into the bush -and-obtain soffle-ofihat neGessary eomniioditjv-aad rnade ^iSsv- way'to itlTe heapiof tools for thepurpose.of procuring his tomahawk, one of which each man m the camp possessed, i Not beingabieto-find His own, he^took- sane. .engage d-'ehopping-;sorneidea&te; sized^pieces, his tomahawk inadvertently slipped, and inflicted a nasly flesh wound on the back of his left f'hand, ;from whicli-.the. blooM After-cutting a Gonsiderable quantity,.Dick shouMered it, vand made hisj.way in the direction of the camp. Coming to a small pool of water on the way," he dropped his load, and began washing- his hands to rid them ^of some of the blood which had "flowed from his 1 wound,While en- ;gaged fin.the : :pioGess, the. figure:.of^.a-niawmade'his way, Mpibehind him, and, -unknown to Dick. stood avatcliing the proceedings with intense interest. As is usual with mpst.men wlio lead a life away from thc haunts.of their fellow?creatureSj it was a habit :of -Dick's to speak his thoughts aloud ; this - he, did- now, while his insidious enemyerouched behind"lum ; , .gloating:,over every word; thatwasuttered.withafaceonwhichaminglkig-of ^mahcious triumphtalnd-fierce -joy; transformed into the face of a very devil.' . " Strange," soliloquised Dick,: strange that my clumsiness won't allow me to do a job like that without getting, into trouble. I must get this blood off, or— but lus silent, gloating, listening enemy, in his:eagei ness to hear tlie words, stepped on a dry branch, and Dick turned round with a start. For the brief space of a moment the two men stood looking into one another' faces, and-then Dick'spoke. . " Good heavenSj Bencraft, you are enough to frighten the very senses out of anyone ; what was your object in sneaking up behind me like that ." Curiosity, my dear fellow, curiosity : .that's all assure you, and 1 don't wonder at you being frightened you knpw,:^for conscience'IM it, my dear boy ?" All'-tli is was said in a tone of baritenng trium the speaker rubbed Jiis hands gleefully together; Dick gazed at him in amazement. : . " What do you mean, Bencraft ? What in the world do you intend to insinuate ?"": " Why, 1—mean that it's funny you have all that blood on your hands, and—why, it's on the handle of your axe too! Whj', curse it, it's my axe you've got! • ;;;;/• /. • " Yes, I know. I could not find my own, so I took the liberty of using yours." . " Yes, arid a nice state you have got it into: one would think, to look at it, that you had committed ? murder." '•'•:••" One would tiiink, to hear your talk, that you ha developed into an idiot during the night. What have you been doing. to yourself? ,'; You are as pale as ghost." ijf/ii p ai 6j am ] ) eh p- Yes, and good cause I have to be I heard strange noises in the night, the)' woke me, and I've bqeri unable to sleep since ; that's why I got up so ear!)';- and came out;. for a walk." ^ What were the ndises like." . " They were like the sound of a man being strangled a man in pain, and. 1 heard the muffled whining of" a dog." " Pooh, nonsense, man, you must have been dream irig.".;-. V/'- 1 :.••••<• .. / " Dreaming, eh ? Oh, extremely likely; perhaps I was dreaming when 1 came out of my;tent this morning and saw that Baxter and his dog had both disappeared in the night." ' .%'t " Yes, I noticed the same thing myself, and I con eluded that he had' cleared out early, before the heat of the day." , • /. : | " Very likely," sneered Bencraft. The .tone in which it was said caused Dick to turn to his jeering enemy, and again they stood and gazed into each other's faces, gazed whilst Bencraft's eyes drooped drooped, until they rested on the ground. " Come, Bencraft," said Dick, between set teeth, " we had better get back to. • camp. : You evidently suspect that something is wrong." '.'•;• ..•/•:'•-S-iiX^:^:-"'.'.;:'' • ' Wii)iour-ahot):er word they proceeded;in the direction of the camp, and reached it as Tom .and Yan appeared outside. Tom was the first to notice Baxter's disappearance. : " Hello," he exclaimed, " where is our late guest ? " '" Oh, 1 presume he started along the road ' early,' replied Dick, " although our friend Bencraft considers it soriiethirig more serious, and has already made quite a case out of the affair, in which a bad cut on my hand, which I carelessly inflicted with a tomahawk, figures prominently." •W-.'-^1'':--''':^^ " I suppose you're right, Diek; he's cleared out before the day gets too warm. I don't blame him." : " It's 1 Very strange he didn't wait to have a bit of breakfast," growled Bencraft. "\Vell, Bencraft," said: Yan', pliilosophicaily, guesses dot if you had to vork vorty or feefty miles today, dot you'd set off' pooty airly mit , youirselluf, so don't." ; - ' . - ' ' • - ' . ' • • ' " ' ' " Wlio the devil asked you to speak ? " '> : " Steady, Bencraft," admonished Dick, " you appear l to have tumbled out the wrong way this morning" \- "What: do., you me an?" fiercely demandedthe morose -Bencraft.; " Perhaps youlcnow a darn sight nvoreiabout Baxtei than any of us." " Really, Bencraft, 1 must compliment you on your extremely romantic ideas,-not so say devilish insinuations, : this morning; uponvmy•;word, .it's quite refreshing, to hear something from your lips, if it be only the babblings of an idiot; you ought to turn detective, really you should, Bencraft^ you've mistaken your avocation in life." Bencraft, with a savage sneer, helped Jiimself to some tea from the can, and the meal progressed in comparative silence for a time. ' " I think I'll try- Wattle Gully" again to-day, mates;" said Tom ; " there's next to.nothing up the other end. What do you say, "Dick ? " c " No, no, don't go down there," quickly exclaimed Bencrait. T"Why Lnot:?"asked'Tom-inamazeme - " Well) be—becauser it turned out "sUcli.-a failure before, and there's nothing down there, Em ceitam." " Oh well, all right," good-liumouredlyanswered Tom, " anywhere you like for my jpart, ojily^.tliere ^-must of necessity be a sliiftjpretty soon, as we j are having "bad luck lately." "Yes, 5 ' said Dick, "things must certainly improve, or "'c -hall -ooi fird our -clve- on our beam end"." After the) had ufficieatly ati fied fhe inner menyia quarter^of^m^hour 1 . mqkegsva jan.dulgea^Dffl@.TK%then rthe^Sproceedea to equip tEeST elve'"' -iorftlie -flay -toilf ftools/jvvere of the •creek which cro ed the oad about twenty y^ard ^ belowthe camp, leaving the tents to"take care of-them \ selve , a there <wa little fear of robhers In that lonely They had travelled perhap mile and a half alongi the creek, rag by ome really beautiful little pot j on the hank, abounding with all kind of thfe Admntum •family—chief amongst them being the familiar*" fi Ti bone ' fern, andthe fairy, feathery maidenliair—when; they arrived upon the cene of operation and began!- work, and '•here'we must leave them"for a time, while' we introduce ourselve to ome more friends incidental 1 to our tory (To le Coutyuied) 