AN ASTOUNDING FORECAST. Mr. Edison, it is understood, ÍB respon- sible for B very remarkable vision of the future. The man of a.D. 2197, we are confidently assured, will be able not only to talk to the Slaneta on the dot-and-dash system of the lone telegraph, he will be able to actually viBit them at pleasure, and with much greater ease than we now visit cities only a few hundred miles distant, reaching the planet Mars, for example, at Mr. Lathrop, with anxious accuracy computes, in about " eight hours eight minutes !" There are to bo on this prosaic earth itself electrical trains running ISO miles an hour ; motor bicycles (of course) ; " walking" balloons-balloons, that is, that float about 30 ft. above the surface of the earth, haviugmecbanical legs madeof alumi- nium, and travel like gigantic ostriches at an enormous speed. We are promised airships, automatic mail packets that fly, self-impelled, through space to their destination, without being carried. Books are to be exchanged for phonographs, which will present a tale"to the ear instead of the eye. Artificial chemical foods will make wheat fields and flocks and herds unnecessary. Microbes are to be enlisted, drilled and employed to extirpate disease instead of spreading it. " Telescopic" cannon will make battle and sieges so dreadful-dismissing a city into mere vapour at a stroke-that war itself will vanish. New amusements will make life happy, new arte will make it rich ; new guards will make it secure. There will be a telephono to the sun. Parliaments and thrones will flee like a flock of ghosts before the dawn, and the federated human race will lie, lapped in universal peace and swathed ingolden comfort, under a WorldJCommittee of Twenty I These be dreams, indeed. But whether they are simply the wild visions that haunt the chambers of a lunatic brain, or the pictures which shape themselves in the eerenc light of a brooding scientific imagination, spelling out great syllables of Naturi o grammar, who will undetake to say. 