SECOND DAY. The second session of the Wesleyan Metho dist Conference was held in the Pirie-street church on Wednesday, the president (the Rev. J. Berry) presiding. Methodist Uniox. It was resolved that Methodist union should be the first order of fclie day for Thursday afternoon. VOTES OF (JOKDOLENCE AND WELCOME. The Conference passed a vote of condolence with the widow and family of the lato Mr. Treloar, who had been elected a member of the Conference by the Mount Barker circuit. The President welcomed to the Conference the Rev. J. Cowperthwaite, B.A., of Victoria, who had been transferred to South Australia by the General Conference. Altkuation oi' Circuits. It was resolved that the Perth circuit in the West Australian district should be divided, Perth forming one circuit and Guilford another. Northam was made the head of the Newcastle and Northern circuit, and New castle was made the head of a home mission station. It was resolved to^occupy the following new stations in the West Australian district :— 1. Yalgoo. 2. Kanowna to be formed into a circuit withBulong, Six Mile, General Gordon, and Kurnalpi. 3. Broad Arrow to become a circuit to include Paddington, Bardoc, and Mulgarrie. 4. Black Flag to become a separate mission, and to include Twenty-one Mile, Dumsville, Kiutore Leases, Kunanalling, and Forty-two Mile. 5. Menzies to be head of circuit, and to include Niagara and Goon garrie. 6. Marble Bar mission. 7. Denmark, near Albany, to be a home mission station. Additional preachers were asked for by Perth and Fremantle, and the matter of ap pointing ministers was left with the stationing committee. The Rev. W. B. M&ther; proposed— That this Conference offers devout thanks to God for the souls that have been converted and brought into church fellowship during the year, but laments that through leakage caused by the exodus of popula tion to West Australia and other causes the member ship returns ehow a decrease oi 98. Members re moving from one colony or circuit to another arc affectionately urged to unite 'themselves with the church without delay in their new home. The Con ference calls upon the members and office-bearers of the church to unite in incessant prayer for a richer outpouring of the Holy Ghost, and in more earnest and devoted labor, and especially to recognise the value and obligation of individual effort. The motion was carried. The Ex-President proposed that the request of the Archer-street circuit to have its third minister withdrawn should be granted. The Rev. J. Cowperthwaite seconded the motion, and strongly urged the Conference to carry it. After a long discussion on the question the motion was carried by a large majority. ?? The Children's Fond. . . The Rev. W. Reed, one of the treasurers, read the balance-sheet of the children's fund for the year 1896. It showed that the re ceipts had been £1,624 2s. 6d., the circuit levies amounting to £1,226 11b. 7d. The ex penditure had been £1,538 4b. 2d., the amount paid to olaimants being £1,520 15s. During the year the overdraft was reduced from £184 3s. lOd. to £98 5s. 7d. The balance Bheet was adopted, and the treasurers (Revs. W. Reed and T-. Davidson) were re-elected, and a vote of thanks was pasBed to *hem tor past services. The Rev. W, A..: Langsford was appointed auditor. '♦ t - ' 