THE DEVIL'S HEAD. BY J. FITZGERALD MOLLOY. Author of "An Excellent Knave." "How Game he Dead." " A Justified Sinner,' "On Wheels of Fire," "The Most Gorgeous ~ Hady Blessiagton," "The Life and Adveatures o£ Peg Woffington," &c.;, &c.; SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTKBS. . CB&KBBS; I and H.—Risel Tregaztes, a poor -strufcgling jonruaiUBt in Paris, is surprised by the \- receipt of a telegram summoning hirato the bedside of bis ancle. Sir Philip Tregsukes, liedcliffe Castle, : Dolgelly, Wales. He - had -never seen his wealthy .relative, who bad quarxelled with Bieel's father for "having mamed a Spanish dancer. He leaves post "h'aate fox Dolcelly. and makes the acquaintance of his comin Philip, who takes him to the bedside of -Sir Philip. The old man tells, him that he has seen to hie future prospects, and dies. CHAPTERS FU AND IV.—The new heir. Sir Philip, and his cousin, h aTQ little in common. The one is a banting English gentleman, whilst Rigel is a* sentimental, muuc taring foreigner, with Conti. nental tastes. - The reader is introduced to Major Glaypole ana bis daughter, Oriana- Between the .latter and Bigfl a close bond of sympathy spriDgs " ifa. though she is engaged to be married to Sir Philip. As Che two cousins walk over the Devil's Head abyss home to the Castle. Philip tells Rigel • of, his engagement, and as the latter congratulates him Philip remark* that Oriaisa, is the oce woman in the world for him. Rigel asks himself, "Is he the one man in the world for hw? 1 ' • 1 CHAPTER V. QBIAJTA'S MESSAGE. 'B^wiinfrnipg rafter his meeting with Oriana, strayed away" from the. terrace of the "Castta- into -the gardens, -whan coining to a broad gJkteau be was suddenly confronted by -a ffiagim'joeiit view lying beneaih and beyond him, of ' wide-stretching valleys, with their ^lnftateWsStod'villages backed by woodlands, "the^wMa\>in<%ed by the Rhobe ll, the Snowdon, andtbe Caper Idris mountsims towering Against tfce cltjar blue- grey of the distant horizon." ]' "Efo looked twer the land with searching eyas. Far as he could see it all belonged, to Philip; iiota soul wisQ lived in those vaikiys and tilled the soil bat paid him a rental tbuit helped to 's^eBbisineonie to thirty thousand -a year—an 'in&wnse; sum,' sorely, for one individual. At ";h»tmQznent P&ilip;, practical and orderly is he : -was in thingj, was going over bis aoooonts with tber agent.: His. mornings weue entirely 1 Regularly as clockwork 13£e ste«^call6a*on'<!ertal'n days for consul ta- «i>ns witib^iie new baronet, whom he found as shrewd as his predecessor. Ri^el was therefore -freeto spend as he pleased the hours/between breakfast and lunch. ' During- the* early days of bis stay he had delighted in wandering "about and foramrning tires that somstimes concealed locked doors, ^entering quaint suites of drawing-rooms "shrouded in lioHand, and containing strangely \- carded) furniture, Bpinets that had given no •sound for centuries, spindle-legged card tables vwb&e; fortunes'bad .been lost and won, Mid J^ttafimrriorB that "had reflected the beauty *of the wonniu of his bouse. " "Entetmr ibese silent apartments, through whose shuttered windows faint and shadowy lights gained a. grudged admission, in whose atmoernera <fche flmell of-dried rose leaves still lingered; itebesned'to ttigel «s if he had s tepped in& liygone ages knd mingled with a , f .past that little in common with the Ijiippciht'-.' ft'iifli «> •strongdid this impression' ;'. gain-upon himi that on opening one of these \- heavyoak doorshe would-not ttfcve been.surv' ^riBed^havecorae upon accompany of ghosts -tnlboop iwdipowder, insilkenhose and satin breeches, 'withwaving fan and enamelled snuff K bbi in . band, , their Jugh-heeled shoes and \- dangling swords f*<wl™tg on the waxed floor, as jthey curtsied profoundly or trod the stately measureof adahce. _ • , ; tS. The plsce that, most impressed Mm, bow- ./-BVOTj was -tlie-picture gallery that ran along , the wbok* western.side of the Castle, and eon- -* taihed littteelsesave family portraits. Here were "statesmen and soldiers, -courtiers who bad » king, admirals that had -won famous viotones. And with them were • jfaey; yivEB ineveiy variety of co6tume, belong- . /; Thev -were, all "bis ancestors- be had spnrag fromidtemY^heirblood was in his veins. He Icouldjibt naoteeling impressed by the pride >ifr»noestiy^ by theknowledge that through a stiiiu^Lii^jg meQ he could trace bis • v^5ny mtfl i^"origin waslo£t in prehistoric \ . . . tunes. Nornmld be belp admitting to him- ,-^l^bftwnoe'.bw arrival at Reddiffe Castle \- bi3iii^p6B»ona.blc mind bad undergone some V-.i-clnul'ge.-;'"-.- ' - • -^^r J^e fiB^i time be bad entered one of the .bomes for wbicb.Great Qntain is ez^en«>eed its manifold xom--, ^fdi^'iidhadadmu^thasimpled^ityofits ; i^i>rderr Bps Iqve of luxury was gratified by the jhitiftr'WiriiniwWtoa. T>y Ae-nnwe; ' "^—ryjf tbe taMeservice, by.the surroundings cK^'rjrwiiire b^re ^evidence of . an. ancient '7^fflhdoar, by/iflip loyalty of the aervfoB given j by^h^e whose forbears had for generations e^be^iBsfe^ race., . • '".' '.. ''' % j^ Xbe^^rfe^nth its horses was at his service ; to explore .its \--e^ellent.. jpoSk, jggata SiswMmttfcBBail. tenantor' towns- \- ' maai, t^imd bim With friendly respect—for to ; ithembe was'st soon of a family connected, with f to, centuries.' - All this -ago. from whatf^ie-w^d ' r again kcterir 2zt * few waeks. In a great cily he ^TOBH be one ajooagst -a crowd, for whom no ' 'npiyjiJ iHmnaw^tiffli wouldbe shown. There H would beioTBompiife lor tum. -Ee would live ' in a,->second4ate boardifig-houBe, sit Jit table 1 nesidrfanyiBanor . woman who could pay for " •aaed; sjbe cefved • by a dip- shod waiter with, soiled,linen and dirty nsols to dishes.the poverty of whose quality would be concealed . under a richness of seasoning. He would ride \- -bnatramcarora'biiR. . ^-^ra^'be need no Jonger etruggle for daily; . bread, Wtbe three^hondred a year -be inhejrited wonU supi^rt and allowhim to choose ' n^iat work be pleassd. But what was three • ^bnndred a yBar in comparison with thirty h thousucid and tmch a bouse as RedcliifeCastle? \- y-WSth U of self- pity he' remembered the idea instiDeal into bis youthful mind, by his r pporfoolish lather^Hfchat he/Rigel, would one dayinheritluBancle'B title and property; and : • -jthat-for a-raoment he allowed bis imagination lit) -dweTUoh 'what migbt bavebeen. J^ith a 1 ^pardonable pride iie ifelt assured .be would do ! ' Justiee io the position. - Philip hardly looked Vihe pert, " He bad no dignity, and he scarcely , perhaps because llbs^ad been used to them «11 his life. What a niece;of jll-lu(!k it was that Sir David had -tnarried-a seeond time, that Philip had «ver .been born; in fact. 4;hat he, Riijel, was not lord and master of Redclifie Castle. , ' Sow differait be would make the place if rt were bis. . He pictured to himself the w»ms- .coatingof the vast ball reflecting the ruddy glow from' -great log fires in wintertime; the dravmg-rpoms stripped of their holland coveringsandbrilHant with innumerable wax lights ; the baljrooffl otpwded with gay dancers; the dinink;teble sifrrounded by beautifnl women and distuupnsbed men ; and be, the master of all, able' td direct their pleasures and followbis own bjrrpason of.his vast income. Alas! ill t^iis«vasbut a dream—a,dangerous ' dream-^rhich had better be banished from his mind. ^. But so forcibly had it? taken possession of bim this morning that, without heeding \- j whpre be went, be bad'wandered out of the gaiiien into the {shrubberies and,down into the WaHey.^As he stjll mechanically took his way ^pr^ a jjarrow path a shrill sharp cry fell V^poiTbis eare, when turning to the right from ."JwherB-he ^belieVed it to have come §e found himself close by the great jutting "boulder ^which he tightly-interred was the Devil's Head. 'As he looked upwards be caught sight r-of a woman's figure.'standing .in what seemed a perilous position/and waving something in 'her band. Instantly he recognised the figure . a§ that 'of Oriana Claypole, and remained .. stationary in his wonder at seeing and bearing '•. her call to bim, ; Before he could move she called' to him : ' again, and then began to descend. This not only surprised but startled him; for it seemed daifgeroofi that she should rush down an apparently' ti^&kless; declivity. He shouted and raised bis bands by way of begging ber to go back, but if sbe heird or saw she took no notice of him, but continued her way, now running a few steps as if impelled forward, again pausing to grasp at shrubs, and making \- wide circuits as if following-a path. He hurried forward and reached the point of her descent as breathless, flushed, and no longer able to control herself she rushed into his . arms, where he held her whilst her heart beat . tumnItuou8ly against his own. • Then she raised her eyes to his slowly. For a second he was aware that their pupils -dilated-with a sense of sudden, uncontrolled joy, that he was conscidus his own reflected. Then swiftly an expression of confusion and dismay spread itself over her face and be relaxed his hold. " Pray forgive me,i' she stammered, ita .eyiient.embarrassuiont.' "I thought it was . - Philip; I did not realize until this instant that it was you." " We are about the same height and build," be answered, anxious to cover her confusion— *" and seen from a distance" \- "Yes, that was It; I ought to have looked, but I dareb not take my eyes from the path," Oriana said. "Was Jt not dangerous to run down to the jide of that precipice?" he asked, desiring to jive the<conversation another topic. "Not so m6ch as it would seem. There is a path that I know pretty well. I have often run down the Devil's Head before now," she r replied, laughingly. By this time she.had partially recovered her . composure and was walking beside him with that graceful, gliding motion he had admired on seeing her enter ber drawing-room the previous evening. Exercise had heightened her colour, giving an exquisite rose tint to the snowy fairness of her skin. Rich furs were round her throat, and on her head was a cap of liable which she wore with as much dignity as if were » crown. Beneath it the deep red of her hair rippled back to where it was wound in I a simple coil. "The Devils Head is a favourite spot of mine," she said. "On summer days I fit there for hours." " Reading?" 4 1 Dreaming." "Of what?" Rigel enquired. "The Impossible," replied Oriana. "To you everything should be possible," he remarked, without a trace in his voice of tl^t flippant flattery which the words might have conveyed if spoken by another. " Why do. you say that?" " Because, if I am not much mistaken, you have a strong and'persistent will; and unbelief is that such a will can invariably gain its wish." " If that were only true," sbe said in a low, eager voice that seemed full of anxious wistfulness. ' , " A serious thought is never lost; for good or evil it affects ourselves; it affects those around us. Add desire to it, and you give it vitality, just as when a soul-is added to a body it exists. And onee this thought lives, it laboiQs to fulfil its mission, to gain its ends." " If that were really so"—-she said, as if absorbed in viewing some imaginary picture. "Whatwould happen in your case?" he asked. - , "Strauge things," she answered gravely. " I feel sure that no man ever achieved bis position, wealth, or ambition who did not ardently and persistently long for it; before gaming his desire it dominated his life." " It is a strange theory." said Oriana. " But does it not seem feasible?" " If it were true every man would win bis Wish." \- "Not at all; it is not every one who has sufficient strength of will or sufficient patience to persist in his desire. The majority abandon their longings as useless when not . immediately gratified; a thousand new wishes that in turn fall stillborn are allowed to usurp the place of one dominant longing. Some day mankind will realize that thought may be as powerful as action." A sudden, indescribable light came into Oriana's eyes as she turned them to him and asked— "Have you gained your desires?" For. a second the ifiiexpected question startled him. "Not yet," he answered. "And do yoa yet dream of obtaining them?" "Your cry roused me from an old dream just now. But tell me," Ripel -went on hurriedly lest she might make further enquiries, " why the Devil's Head is a favourite place of yours? Is it because of the view it gives of the hills and valleys?" "No, no. I hate them," she answered promptly. ''Can youyunderstand a person having, a feeling of antagonism towards inanimate things? Well, I have come to detest the valleys because their peacefulness is an eternal reproach to my own restlessness, and I loathe theie'ehain of mountains because it shuts me in from the world. Yet it's something in ^the view that attracts me; but you would never guess what it is." "Then tell me," said Rigel, who was intensely interested in her words. The sight of the roads." The roads?" Yes, they fascinate me. Up there you can gee- them for miles and miles as they wind through the valleys and cross the bills,' stretching awav towards cities where life is lived. - I sit and watch them for hours; I travel by them in imagination, and tbey lead me by strange -ways to the' surging world beyond, where theflfe is freedom for mind and heart, where the fulness of life may be lived." Her words were uttered with increasing rapidity; Ber manner hfd become .agitated. "Want of experience leads you to overlook the fact that great cities are centres of terrible miseries; that for many men and innumerable women within their walls life is' a prolonged tragedy. Thousands who began their career in-innocence and with fair prospects axe now weighed down by intolerable burdens of wrong, of crime, of shame, of sorrow, of remorse; and to them the peace that frets you would seem as the heaven they once dreamt of but now despair of entering." But they have lived their lives," she said passionately. -"They know." "And their knowledge* is their heaviest burden." Oriana sighed impatiently, while'Rigel remained silent. ' Her words bad s&ddened; him, for be recognised in the imagination therestlessness and the longing she expressed, the d^gerous temperament that makes a geniuBor ruins a life. He bad known two individuals i cursed with such a .spirit: one who lived in the full sunshine of the world's fame, the other Who had died impenitent, rebellious, and forsaken in a hospital "ward; misery 1 was the lot alike of, "her who was envied and of her who ,had bem despised. He .assured himself \t was well that Oridna would eopn have a husband's love and care to guard -ber, the stronghold of a home to secure her Irom * peril that was most dangerous because coming from within. " When yen are married you can indulge your taste for travelling," Rigel .remarked, "ahd'eee the wide world if you wilL". "Philip ' bites travelling," sbe replied quickly. "He dislikes cities, and thinks there is no plaoe in the world like this - prison. But that is merely one of many things on which we difier." • • - • '"'You can influence bim." " I-doubt that, for he has snob a stubborn will." I am sure he will do all he can to make you'happj\" said Rigel, who became more and more anxious concerning her future. • " So I am, for he is kind and good; but it may not be' 1 in bis power.' There are some people who with all their willingness to serve cannot please UB. It is not theiir fault, non ours; it is' the lack of that bond we spoke of last evening, that want of response to our inmost selves. And that makes all the difference in the world." Rigel-'made no reply; he feared to tread on danperous ground. "Philip tells me," she said after a moment's pause, "that yoa are going' to stay some •tame." - 'He asked: me to remain as long as I liked." "Then I hope you will sot quickly tiro of us.". "T trust you will not find me guilty of such bad taste." . I expected to see him this morning," Oriana remarked. ' He was' engaged with his agent when I, came out." "He is terribly practical. I wished to give him this note," shfc said, taking from her pocket the; envelope she -bad waved to Rigel from the Devil's Head. "If you will trust it to me I will give it to Philip." As she handed it to him be glanced at the direction written, in a thin scrawling hand, its Capitals adorned with flourishes. " It's not my writing," Oriana j^said laughinglv. "It doesn't seem characteristic of you," Rigel commented. " My character is a puzzle, even to myself. Do you, know," she said with sudden impulsiveness, "I think I could be very good, or the other thing." *-' It's eo with most of us. Saints are few," Rigel observed." "I have always given the martyrs a .higher place. I pity all who suffer, especially when their Buffering comes from within. Theirs is the greatest pain." • There was something in ber words, pathetic in themselves, that spoke of an intimate knowledge of suffering. He looked at her as Bhe walked beside bim, radiantly healthy, perfectly beautiful, and he wondered what the cause could be that had given a note of personal expression to her words. Was it that when too late to break it she had found her engagement to Philip distasteful? " From what you 6ay I imagine it's better to be a saint than a martyr," said Rigel, striving to give a light turn to the conversation. " What if the martyrdom were forced upon you? But see," she added abruptly as they caught sigltt of her home, "how far I have brought you. I did not think we were within miles of the cottage. It's such a relief to talk to some one; only don't judge me by everything I say. I will not ask you to come any further. Good day, and pray come and see me very soon." She shook hands with him in a rapid nervous manner, and hurried away before he could reply. He «tood for a couple of seconds watching her figure with its graceful upright carriage before returning. Her conversation, that suggested more than it expressed, perplexed him. A haunting sense of her restless-, ness, some suspicion of the violent emotions underlying her nature, aroused bis anxiety. And now she had left him he remembered the impression of fear she had given him the previous evening. She occupied his thoughts during his homeward walk. On entering the Castle lie met Philip, and handed him the note, stating who had giyen it to him. As he mentioned Oriana's name an expression of displeasure came into his face. "Did you meet her by appointment?" he asked abruptly, suspicion in his keen, blue eyes. Ricul looked at him in surprise. "We met by accident," he answered, turning away. His reply seemed to modify the baronet's temner. " Look here/' he called out: " she has made her father return the cheque I sent him this morning. By Jove, that must have gone against bis grain, and he laughdd heartily. CHAPTER VI. BIGEL. SATS FAREWELL.' Rigel had been three months at Redclifie Castle, during which time he had grown to appreciate more and more, the luxuries of his surroundings, the consideration the position gave him. But meanwhile no feeling of friendship had sprang up between himself and Philip. Though bound by ties of blood, and meeting [ in daily companionship, they remained in mind and interest and temperament as far asunder as the poles. Without outwardly betraying anv estrangement both were conscious of its existence, and rested satisfied it should remain, from a belief that its removal was ira- From the fact that Philip at first had striven to overcome his prejudices agaiist all that was foreign in his "cousin's ®ccent, taste, and manners; and that Rigel, while preserving his independence, in many ways had yieded to the baronet, it was probable they would have become tolerably good friends had not Philip felt a certain jealousy towards Rigel. j For this the latter was not to blame. Since the day he had met Oriana at the foot of the Devil's Head a bond of confidence had established itself between them. Her restlessuess, her desire for action, her changing moods, together with some strange, mysterious struggle taking place in her mind, of which these were the outward signs, combined to exercise for him the fascination felt by a student of human nature for its subject; a fascination that had no element of love, but much of sympathy. On ber part she was ever ready to welcome one who spoke to her as no other man had, of the life sha'longed to taste, of the world she wished to see, of the strange cities in which he had dwelt, of the notable persons he had known, of the problems that perplexed her. With thirsty ears she absorbed his words that seemed to open wide vistas of existence befora her strained eyes! Here was one who understood her, who gave her a sympathy she had "never before received. Now, though Philip was not naturally observant, he could not fail to notice the difference in her manner towards himself from that which she showed to Rigel. Never demonstrative, she continued to receive Philip's affcction with stolid calmness, whilst if his cousin entered the room her face brightened and her voice softened. The change in her was instantly perceptible. It was not Oriana he blamed, but Rigel, whose insinuating foreign ways and fluent talk had cast a spurious glamour over her. Yet in no way did he lay himself open to reproach—" So subtle was the fellow," as Philip said to himself. He was not a man to tolerate interference with his rights, nor to conceal his feelings. So after some consideration he promptly decided on two things—that Rigel must leave and that Oriana must name her wedding-day. He could not turn <bis guest and kinsman out of doors, nor could he fix upon any word or act of Rigel's that would give a pretext for quarrelling. Still, this foreigner must be got rid of without delay. At the conclusion of a dinner.at which Philip had been unusually silent, be asked abruptly— ' "Have you decided on doing anything yet?" " On taking up any calling? No," answered Rigel. I "It'sabout time you did," Philip remarked in a peremptory tone. , " Life is long," replied Rigel, with an irritating inability to take offence. I should like to be an idler by profession." " Every man worthy of the name should find something to do," Philip sullenly stated. "I have deoided on one thing,"said Rigel, who for some time had noticed his host's irritability towards him, and quite understood its cause, "ana that is to leave here on Saturday. You sde, I have taken you at your word and remained as long as I liked; in giving the invitation, my cousin, you should have stipulated for my stay being as long as you liked. However* I have bad a pleasant time, for which I thank you very much. 1 Shall we have a game of billiards? Saying which, he calmly ipse from the table. Phihp's request that Oriana should fix the date of their marriage forced her to realize her position as his future wife as she had never done before. The inevitable faced ber. That it disconcerted and distressed her was plain to see. Arguing that there was no need for haste she pleaded for time, and referred to Sir David's recent death as a cause for delay. But Philip, having a stubborn will, would accept no compromise; and, importuned by bim and worried by her father, she promised to fix their wedding-day by theend of tbeweek. The Major immediately resolved to celebrate so joyous an occasion by a dinner, to be given on Friday bvening, .the day before Rigel departed. To this he was bidden, but knowing that his absence wpuld be preferred by Philip, he found an excuse to decline the invitation. At the same time he intimated that, as he was leaving early on Saturday morning, he.would call on Friday afternoon to bid Miss Claypole and the Major good-by. As "for this purpose he went up the pathway leading to Coetmor Cottage he saw Oriana standing at the drawing-room window, her forehead' pressed against the glass, a look of tension on her face, of rebellion in ber eyes. He was startled by an expression, moreover, that marred her freshness and presented her in an unfamiliar aspect. As he hesitated as to whether be should disturb her she caught 6ieht of him and her face instantly changed, the lopk of pain giving- place to pleasure, the revolt altering to relief. A moment later and she met him at the drawing-room door; her face was flushed,, her hand burned, and her voice trembled as she greeted him. 'Are you going? Are you really '$S3iguuf. going?" she asked when they were seated, she on a low chair beside the fire, he facing ber. The undrawn curtains admitted a glimpse of dull grey sky: the lower part of the room was lighted by a shaded lamp. , " Yes," he replied. " I bave been here three months. An end comes to all things— comes soonest to the pleasantest things." "Has your stay been really pleasant?" "Yes; pleasant and restful. You must remember this is the first time I bave known what a home is like." "Supposing," she said, as her delicate brows contracted and expanded from intense nervousness—"supposing you were to remain bere always?" ' "However much I may like that I oouldn't do it. I am not the master of Redcliffe Castle." She drew a long breath, and then said, spasmodically— "If you were" • " Don't let us dream of the impossible," said Rigel, but with a sound of regret in his voice of which he was unconscious. "The impossible," she echoed, brushing ber forehead with one of her delicately shaped hands, as if she would banish some distressing thought. "What else can such an idea be? We will not dwell on it." "I have been thinking all through an endless night, all through a weary day, "until I feel dazed and exhausted," she said, after a pause, her rich, low voice, vibrating with an undercurrent of pain that appealed to him. So moved was he that he knew not what to reply. * Whilst pitying her intensely, he believed himself powerless to help her, not dreaming of the part he played in her inner life: all unaware that his love was the one thing she greedily coveted, for which she would have sacrificed all else. " I have often recalled what you said -at the Devil's Head about concentrated thought having power to gain its desires," she remarked, her fingers nervously clasping and unclasping the gilt handle of a screen she held before her face. "Have you tried the experiment?" he asked. £ , " I bave. I have until my brain reeled from the effort." "Then you have set in motion the great machine, the great force that moves the world —thought." " Have you ever felt urged by some power outside yourself to commit an act which your reason and your heart forbade?" she asked abruptly, leaning forward and speaking in a tone lowered almost to a whisper. "Never," he jraswered surprised by her question and her manner. " I have," she admitted., "At times I feel dominated by an impulse I can scarcely control ; and I can well understand how people of whom we read. commit acts for which they cannot afterwards account, which they regret all their lives." " That is a dangerous feeling which you should overcome by your own will," Rigel said, somewhat startled by her words. " There may be wills or forces stronger than mfne that influence me."' " Surety one can always control one's self." " He had scarcely finished when she stripped the gilt handle of the firescreen and flung it from her. He looked at her in astonishment, and she burst into a short, nervous laugh. "You see, I haven't been able to resist breaking that," she said. " I felt I must and I did." " You could have laid it aside whilst it was yet unbroken," Rigel suggested. . "That would be to resist temptation," she answered. Then in a more serious tone she added, "I am frightfully restless to-day, as the result of being awake all night; and my head aches terribly." " Why did you not tell me before?" said Rigel. in self-reproach as he rose. "Oh, don't go, don't go." she pleaded. "You take me out of my morbidness, my loneliness ; you save me from my thoughts and fears; and we may not meet again for a long time." "That will depend upon you," he said cheerfully. "On me?" ahe replied quickly, a new and jovoua light shining: in her eyes. "Yes. When you are Philip's wife I hope you will ask me to Redcliffe Castle." t "Philip's wife."' she said, under her breath. Then she rose languidly and walked to the window, from which she looked on the sombre landscape and up into the melancholy skv, with its streak of green grev light westwards, whilst Bigel, undecided how to act, stood silently watching her. Suddenly she turned and approached him, her face deadly pale, her eyes strangely luminous. "Supposing," she began, in an agitated voice, " supposing that I" She paused abruptly, and looked at him appealingly. Her excitement was so great that she had difficulty in breathing. He could see how she trembled. "What is it?" Rigel asked, impressed by her manner. She paused as if weighing the consequences of the words sbe was about to speak, glanced at him swiftly, and then hurriedly answered— " Nothing—it is nothing." " Surely you trust me?" he said. "Implicitly." "And if you have need of advice, assistance, friendship" "Go—you had better go," sbe interrupted hurriedly. "No, no, I will say no more. I dare not." "But" "My father has come in; I hear his step in the hall. You can speak to him there. No; stay here. Good-by, good-by." And with a feverish hand she touched his own, darted past him, and opening a door in the lower part of the room, disappeared, ieaYing Rigel lost in amazement. 