i t 'L^'M ,i if ^ M AND Jll""." , ' It is'a pemirkabWitliiiife'"that so little has been said in connection with the accid'ent at Canning Park last Saturday. " However, there " is • an enquiry ' pending, at which evidence of a perfectly hairraising character may be given. We say may because people sometimes will not state all they see. The public and the pressmen, as a rule, are in the dark as to the inner points attending any accident. The bulk of them are generally far away from the scene, excitement is so high, the horses are travelling so fast, and the accident takes place so suddenly that it is almost impossible for them to form a correct opinion. However, there is al.vays somebody near who sees these inner points, and on this occasion the accident was witnessed at close quarters by a well-known sportsman, who is not likely to bridle his tongue. If his evidence be taken, the public will learn that in his opinion, at least, the accident was the outcome of wilful misconduct on the part of one jockey. It seems most remarkable to us that the W.A.K.C. have not yet seen their way to appoint a stipendiary steward, who would attend all race meetings held under their rules. In other colonies they were found necessary and their, presence has been beneficithey have been ally .felt wherever appointed. Per- : haps now that we have come so close to death, the W.A.R.C. may see fit to give this matter deeper consideration. Anyhow, no respectable club would care to let the public think that they foster dishonesty and misconduct. We know a punter who makes a fairly substantial living on a backing system. He watches every horse that is made a redhot first favorite that does not win his race, and backs him on his next appearance, The odds generally run pretty high on the second appearance, and very often his good ^thing comes off. A late example was Survivor —first favorite in the Epsom Handicap, who came out and annexed the Metropolitan last Tuesday, starting at the respectable odi" of 5 to 1. Holbrook, who ran second to Survivor in the Metropolitan on Tuesday had been whispered about as a real good thing. He had been doing splendid work on the track, and was backed in the right quarter. Probably he will be heard of to a good substantial tune brfore the Spring racing season is over. Coil is doing splendid work on the track at Randwick. His third in the Metropolitan, with 9st. lib. up, points to the fact that he is in splendid "nick." The Melbourne backers are very determined in their support of Wait-a- Bit for the Melbourne Cup. Some of the sporting tipsters are already plumping for him, which is probably one of the surest signs that he hasn't got a ghost of a chanee. The eternal cussedness of things always runs against the favorite, and n ine times out of ten, puts it under. Maluma's running in the Stewards' Cup at Goodwood, England, with 6st. lllb. up, was very disappointing, if not rather shady, Mrs. Langtry's mare touched 10 to 1 on the day before the race, but at the post lier name wasn't mentioned, and she went out at 20 to 1 freely offered, Maluma finished behind the first dozen. The jockeys Eyre and Driscoll, who were so seriously injured in the Canning Park smash last Saturday, are ' boi th pf^feftWri^favdrtlbl^i Th< < y ,^e U ! located* At ' ' l l t o ^ - - ' ' pital,' aiid and- • lire'receiving receiving ev6J*y' ev&ry;' aiteh tion This is the second -serious accident that youngDriscoll J has received within six-weeks;" • ' Partheiibpifius/havingbeen scratched for all engagements in Sydney, came with a rattle for the Caulfield Cup. Even at his present price, 100 to 7, he is well worth supporting, for the Sydney-s'iders are sure to back him down to veiry short odds; Standing on velvet is about the sweetest thing in horse-racing—bar picking the winner. ' Strickland's Tattersall's monster consultation on the Caulfield Cup is filling up very rapidly. This is the largest consultation in the colony, the first prize being £1000. Carbine is the sire of two consecutive Sydney Derby winners^Charge and Amberite. What a pity Australian sportsmen should have allowed " Old j ac k " to cross the pond. Carbine also sired the placed horses in this year's Sydney " Blue Riband," Clarion and Metford both being his progeny. Tote divvies " last week at Canning Park :—£i 4s.', £2 Gs., 15e„ £1 5*., £1 4s., j£G 10s. Williamstown (Vie.) winners' prices •—Yarrow, 5 to 2; Trichord. 2 to 1 : Floodbird, 2 to 1 ; Carrick, 7 to 1 ; Billow, 5 to 1, Calluni Mohr, 3 to 1. Raudwick winners :— Alaska, 8 to 1 ; Zitella, 10 to 1 ; Amberite, 7 to 4; Robin Hood, 33 to 1; Positano, 12 to 1. Tote disciples and bookies on this side, please note. Mr. Sundries writes :—" When the scent of boronia perfumee the air, know then that cricket draws near ! A good cigar—congenial spirits—a comfortable seat, and how one's memory doeij run riot. Old stories, like *he bats that have been in lavender, are,brought out, and heartily laughed at One" of the best was told the other day by a well-known Perth enthusiast:—A popular bowler of the Mets. is not a good field, and some few years ago when a dashing bat (who now, like the bicycle, has become pneumatic and does not play) was in, he constantly drove the ball back, and always found an opening between-the bowler's legs. The captain called out: ' Can't you stop them.' The bowlers indignantly retorted : ' Surely you don't expect one to bowl and field too.'" , A correspondent writes that to save a lot of tongue-worry and much swearing, would it not be just as well for us, while the Indian Prince is in Australia, to give him an easy and distinctive name ? Well we have thought over it, and would suggest Ragged Singlet. How's that? What axe the,-'Jng clubs doing to allow Geo. May, that dashing little Capulet (Vic.) bat, to go to Midland Junction ? May is a hard hitter and'a i vei , yta S(!5orer, ; 'artd aWfcys limtfttged' ' to^et bhfe' oV iiWre 1 (tcnturies a feeasoti- in Boyle and "Sbott's-• matches in ; Melbourne. The first intercolonial crickiet match for the season will ' be Victoria v. South Australia ait Adelaide Oval on November 13. The first relay-cycling ride in the colony, held lp,st Saturday, wasn't such a marvellously fast race after all— 22£miles in 1 hour 7min. 8sec. Considering the short distances ridden by each rider, this should have been cut down considerably. However, it does not do to put up too good a record at first, and the next - team of riders who essay this journey ought to have no trouble in taking a < big slice off the present one. " I never saw such a large proportion of women-riders in any other town," said a recent arrival during a talk about bicyclists. Perhaps he did not take into consideration the fact that the moon was getting full. We always notice more ladies riding abo it this time. Gf course they are training to go out with " the boy " for a sweet tete-a-tete moonlight ride. Dahlberg gives away Porta, then Porta Writes over arid gives Dahlberg the lie. He didn't sell the race ! No, of course he didn't. Yet Dahlberg was on oath when he stated that Porta and Reynolds worked it together. All Porta's talk about donating £100 to the charities of Perth if anyone can prove that he sold the race, is bluff, sheer bluff. There's an easier way of demonstrating the truth if he dare. Reynolds is going from New South Wales to New Zealand. He intends revisiting this Colony, probably in company with Green, the English flyer. A morning paper prints a long wearisome paragraph on what cyclists drink. We can name it in one m W.A.—shypoo. . t h The theatrical profession, which numbers some good bats, will appreciate a story told of Billy Elton. The stage was playing the bar, and Billy went in to bat: He had them all on, having given theboxaholiday. The first ball scattered the stumps, and Billy returned crestfallen. " What's the matter ? v queried Musgrove. " Forgot my part" was Elton's prompt rejoinder. The prizes of tb£ Austral Wheel Race. Melbourne, We been reduced to £100, owing to the league, under the pressure uyc uycliatsl,' insisting upon the observance of the.rule regards the More equitable divisi< division of the money amongst the placed men; The first prize will now be £200 instead of £300. • So nhich was heard of ''Greek George" when Lueifier was in W.A. that it sounds refreshing to read that Lucifer" called in at The Sport man office on Sept. (> inquiring for ''Greek George," who, he had heard, was on the look-out for a match. He is willing to wrestle in two styles—Grajco-Roman and Catch-ascatch^can—for £25 a-side and the whole or a percentage of the gate. "Greek George" appeared in Melbourne on the previous Saturday, and gave what was written down as "a good show," so there ought not to be anything to keep the men from meeting. However, these challenges generally end in smoke, and are got up mostly just to advertise the men, who, as often as not, have no intention of entering the arena. The Sunday Times (Sydney) on its Pastimes page gives a description of a new game. Shortly, it is this :—A person selects the names of several books and represents the title of each after the manner of a rebus upon slips of cardboard. These are arranged in a room into which the players are conducted. The winner is he or she who can guess or discover the most titles. Amongst some titles and their accompanying drawings quoted from one game by the Timex were :—A candle on a map of Asia, representing " The Light of Asia ; " a little ladder with a toy monkey on the top and a toy man at the bottom, " The Descent of Man ;" the word " sin " in red ink, " A Cardinal Sin ;" and so on. In our idea this would work very much better if men of the day were substituted for book titles, and to give the game a start in W.A, we propound the following :— Who would be represented by a fat man holding a pound of steak in one hand and a massive ring in the other? Who would be represented by a spring onion, or a hole in a waterpipe? Who by a "barefaced" boy? and who by a perspiring fat man turning his back upon a bundle of promises and a A result of one of the special trains for Hawkesbury (N.S.W.) races being delayed for a considerable consiaeraDie time at * Windsor was that the owner of Wild Bird, was fined £5 for late scratching. W.A. is not the only place where trains go wrong. The Melbourne Sportsman says :—A medical man was a barracker at the Essendon and Melbourne mutch, and when a youth applauded as good play whic,-; should have been credited to an 0pp 0ne „t, the med. upset e gravity of a crowd near them by warmly asserting that the youth must ^ p„ ssosse d of a " tin eye." That's nothing, we knew a new-chum who went out ^ wi,i s tl e f or a miner's "tin-dog." ? Ififc ^Itiit alitall ^ good runhtug *t the EighV Hours Sports. Several well known " Totherside " peds. are in training, to say nothing about the local cracks. In cycling, as in every other wcfehce, expert opinion is extremely contradictory. Zimmerman, in the facet.'of all the authorities of pedalling, says'it is a mistake to think that weight should bu applied all round the circle. The Skecter's theory is that the foot should press only at the point We have held the same opinion as Zimmy for a long time ourselves, but we haven't yet determined the exact position of that poiut Wheu we do, we'll go around with a meat axe aud look for the scalps of Stotter, Hqaley. Coultas, and a few others. Weiss, who was recently defeated in a spot-barred game, in Sydney, by the Melbourne champion, Memmott, by 251 points, during the progress of the match (800 up) put up the highest spot-barred break ever made in Australia at a public exhibition; beating his own previous best—314. It is somewhat late in the season to talk of starting a new yachting club, but I hear that there is: every possibility of one being formed, having for its object—racing purely. on Y.R.A. lines. This I am indeed delighted to hear, as, to my mind, it is the only proper manner to go to work ,if racing on our waters is to be a success. Once started, I feel certain that some interesting racing will be seen in the different classes which will be established. The old straight stent and stern post boats are obsolete so far as racing is concerned, and have been so now for nearly ten years, at least in the old country— which, 1 may safely say, takes the lead of the world in yachting. The Royal London Yacht Club B6- gatta took place at Cowes on August 2nd, and the big-cutter class was for the first time in fair evidence, the d£butof Aurora being a feature, though Britannia's reappearance was a greater event with the majority of the general 11* public. The annual race for the Australian Cup, presented by Mr. Gibsori"-Millar (value £50), took place at Cowes on August 6, and here Isolde and> Caress again met, the latter allowing the former lmin. 58sec. Isolde was declared winner with nearly ten minutes to spare over and above her time allowance. 