THE SQUIRE OF KILDERMAY; OR, UNDER QUEEN VICTORIA'S RULE. .* STt P T':O, 4L 1.1) NL..N.D .\SND 'B FRIrDIEpClr IC RNDONs. CHAPTER i. The domain of Iilldermay was of great vxtent, and its?ecords dated back to the' Norman Conquest. Its fief was held by Baron' de Lacey, who obtained it front the C'Conqueror" in satisfaction for milli lary services. But in course of time that family died out, and the domain passed from knight to squire till, ifi the timne of Queen Elizabeth, it had been reduced to less than'half lts former'acreage. The Norman castle built by the first baron, which had for centuries been a terror to the surrounding country, had be come a ruin, and the greater part had been utilised by adding to it a new structure of the Elizabethan style. 'About fifty years prior to the com mnencement of the following events tile domain had been purchased'by a weal thy Scotchman of the name of Good win, who considerably increased the size of the estate, so that at this time it fell little shdrt of its original extent. Goodwin was a bachelor, by repute, of anmorose temper, 'and at constant war "with his neighbors, so that he was ignored by them-a condition of things ,which rather pleased than irritated. On the death of a near relation he had taken charge of two children, a boy and na.girl, to whom he became devotedly at tached, and it. was no secret that they would be his heirs. The only other memher of tile family was a ne'er;do-well, who, before the advent of the two children, had looked upon the estate as his oil thie death of his uncle. He was a man of about forty years of age, fInder of the gay city than the quiet country, and bore a character the reverse of good. Robert (toodwin. died, and, to the surprise of everybody, left no will-at least. none could be found, and, in consequence, John Rawdon became his heir. -The village of Kildermay lies Jn a hol low. formed by the slope of the sur rounding hills. It can boast no claim to historical notice, for from the day the first stone of its oldest cottage was laid .Its'existence had been humdrum, save for'an occasional rara avis in the shape of a'visitor to the hostelry. But its tor por had-begun to pass away for ever under the slowly grinding wheel of Time, which had brought two changes ngainst-?.hicih fell monotony itself was niot proof. - One was material,and awoke the echoes of -the hills by its shrill whistle,and sleepy apathy of the village by the bustle.it brought in its train. The other.was.corporeal-namely, the death of the squire, and the advent of a new niaster more In'keeping with the new order of things. The village, as I have said, nestled at the base of an amphitheatre formed by a:natural conformation of the land. The 5 crest 'of the hill spread for some dis tance to form a kind of table-land, and then dipped in undulating meadows and valleys. One mild October morning a traveller .stood'on'the crest of the hill and.sur- t veyed with eident pleasure the village bielow. The sleepy calmness of the t scene, made more reposing by the ab- t sence of anything human, appealed f strongly, to his feelings by contrast to ( the whirl of life in the vast city e hadlf lately left. He was a young man, slim- r ly built, but of well-knit frame, and his f manner and dress betolkened a person above the common. His. features were t pleasant, and would be called handsome t when animated, but in repose they at- a tracted more by the sadness of expres- p sion, which revealed deep suffering. a Though young in years, there was that v In his bearing which indicated Intellec- n tual powers developer to a high degree, ih n which admirably k e ? t for the study of law In which h lie was engaged. The beauty of the le seine on which he gazed tempted him t to linger in contemplation of It, and to n note the long, straggling street, and r neat, trim cottages. "There are other views flian this to en- h trance the eye," lihe said, aloud, "'but h none so soothing to the mind. Yonder c mansion on the high ground beyond tile f village is the HalL- Ah, me, there lies d .?ny fate!-for ne the beginning and end e -i all joy in this world. Kateo darling h Kate-my. love, my life, and constant 1 thought and great desire--why Art told so cold? , Why dost thou lift my soul 11 to the seventh heaven one moment, and d the next fill it with despair? - I will solve these doubts once for all, though a the solution crush me." h: " .The traveller arose from the ground I on which he had cast himself, and v slowly: descended a .path, now and c then stopping to pluck some wild flower a more lasting than its fellows, and en tered the village. .He halted at the vil- t lage inn, and glanced at the prodigy of c art painted on the swinging sign-board, c hlich represented an apology - for a c thrush - so unlike that the uninitiated a were-forced to-read the inscription un- I derneath in order-to find that the bird was meant for a "Whistltng Throstle"- I then strode.through the village and as cended the hill by a private road whichi 1 Idd to the Imposing edifice he had before i notlced,' He was met on the threshold a by:a comely youth abouit his own age, but-of much stronger build, who warm- t ly welcomed him, at the same time.up- t ,ialding his friend for noi sending word of his:comin. -.. - 'I.vould have drlven over-in the dog - crrt and saved. you a - tedlious walk, I G eorge.' . - . . "I hare not the least doubt you would, PhillI but I preferred to walk and S: bhreathe this delightful air., I feel better I .for;t alreiidy, and have a mind to for- I sake dismal chitmbers; ambiton, and all r that sort- of thing, for:brlght sunshine. and a prosaic coiintry life.",, . . "Do, my dear fellow,and.tuirn gipsy; C I'll joln you In half the expense of a van surrounded by brooms,.chalrs, tin ket, 1 ties; and other novelties, Wen.i?ll live I the free life of Bohemians,:a'nd :feast on c stolen geese, hare pie, and other dellca5 "Deolt bte facetious, Philip.i...It is very. easy for you to 'laugh, hut the Jotke, 1 w?uild-b·eon my side if 'ou were cooped in dingy chambers reading dry law from morning"to diisk:..s..'nthis your sane "Yes- It asn. my uncle's favorite I Sroom and since his death I have made 1 tmine ,I anm glad you have come, as I want your .assistance to -unravel a t nyste. oBut perhaps you are tired ad: prefer'to-rest? .-... 'NoPhlfip ;- I delight in mystery. What is It?- A ghost in the Blue Room, I or secret passage leading to a dungeon I full of- horrors!" t'Neither, George. If is a document Which, so far, has puzzled the wisest t heads to solve. It was enclosed in an enyelope addressed to me by my late I uncle." "H~il a will, by which you are left in Possession of the estate provided you do -ertain impossible things." "That is nearer the niairk, only it is not a will, though it relates to one. But c -you had better see the document. Itere .A Conundrum, indeed, Philip, and dif- 1 ficult to explain; but it is the key to the hiding place of the will--that is evident. 3 will read it again." My dear Philip,-The enclosed paper 1 -1equeath to you with my blessing. It may seem the foolish whim of an old man, but it is written with the best in tentlon for your good. Take heed to its command, and time will prove its value. The parer was as follows: I was once animate: now I am Inani nante. Memories and an-we come to him who looks upon this shape which- once ]helid a soul. I am found upon the earth and under the earth; in rivers and seas? e sin mountains and plains: in sandy de- a 241 serts, where vultures hover and .pools run dry. eI am part of, the livifgl and the dead. Seek diligently for this thing, which-ontais niy 'wvill. "A curiosity in: conundrum - eh, George?. -You are puzzled?" "Yes, Philip," replied his friend, re moving his eyes from the paper. " It set me thinking. Ha! What hybrid is that at the window?" : A shaggy-headed boy had climbed-on the window sill, and, with astonishment on- his face, hung half- in and half out, evidently disconcerted at the room being occupied. "1Dan ! What are you iolng here ?" said Philip, with an appearance of anger. "Go away instantly." fThe boy disappeared, and Philip, turning to his friend, said, "Poor boy; he is half-demented. My late uncle took great interest in him, 'and allowed him to come and go as he pleased. Since his death the queer creature has been incon solable, and haunts this room day and night. Neither my mild threats npr fear of my'cbusin's whip prevent him." "Has he a home ?" "Yes;, e lives in the village with my .old nurse, Betsy Stump; but even she cannot control him. But the paper, George; I am anxious to have your opinion of it." "No doubt,. Philip; but first answer my questions. Have you any idea of Its meaning ?" "Not the slightest." "And your. cousin, John IRawdon-can lie explain it ?" "No! He pooh-poohs the document, and says there is nothing in it.He wanted to destroy it. so I have kept it under lock and key. You must know that there was no love lost between my uncle and his nephew, thus you can easily perceive my cousin does not wish the will to be found. As matters are now, he succeeds to the whole of the property." "You -surely have -a copy of the paper?" t'No, George." "Then I will make one at once; under such circumstances the paper might be destroyed." "That would, not matter, for every word, line, andsentence is Indelibly en graven on my brain." "Well, for my own satisfaction; I will copy it. Leave me alone for a while, Philip; perhaps as I am not personally interested, I may flnd a clue to the meaning of the conundrum." Left to himself, George 'Marsden spread the paper on the table and read it several times. Difficult problems had an attraction for him, and this was the first of the kind he had tried to decipher. He had a peculiar aptitude for unravel ling Intricate points of law, and he knew no reason why this conundrum should not be easily solved. But it proved a harder task than he anticipated, and at the end.of an hour he was as far from a solution of Its meaninig as when he had begun. - "Well, George," said Philip, "have you succeeded?" "No, I confess myself beaten, though I have used all the brain,power I pos sess. The thing is too general; It-exists everywhere, hence the difficulty. One thing is certain to-my-mind: your uncle \- By the-bye, If, he was your, uncle, how. is it Mr Rawdori;claims the heir ship?" "He'was not," replied Philip. "We called him so, but really the relationship was not very close.". . .. "And they were not- friendly. Then a will does exist; your uncle had an ob Ject in writing this curious paper. ' He was too sensible to do so without a definite and ulterior purpose. What that purpose was is pure speculation, but my theory is this: You are inexperienced in the ways of the world, and consequently at the meicy. of unscrupulous persons, or let me say person. iThe property re quires great tact to manage, which you must admit; also that you are not sut ficiently"conversant with the-many little details so necessary in an estate of this magnitude. What is more likely Ulan'that your astute uncle reasoned after this fashion? He knew the good points in your cousin's character as w il as the bad ones; that under his supe' vision the estate had prospered beyo d measure, and that it would continue o improve !f left.to him until Increaskd knowledge of the world fitted you \to have complete control. He was douit less afraid that your cousin might ob tain power over you by fair or foul means to his advantage. Suppose he reasoned thus, and hid the will where it could not be found without the key to lts hiding place. I firmly believe that was his intention, and that the conundrum cannot be solved except by travel in foreign lands. You are expressly bid den to 'seek diligently.' and, from the context, through all: the world. 'Per. haps some incident of the past or futudre will make cle'arwhat is at present dark. Diu your uncle ever speak of his early life? I heard he disappeared from Kil dermay for. ten years,'' :No, George; he was very reserved, and a man of fea' words. Once only did hq break through the habit of coldness. It was shortly before his death, and we were sitting side by ,!de enjoying the coolness of-a summer evening-he silent and I perforce likewise-when he said, 'Philip, whata.beautiful sunset! - How brilliant the'tints ofthe clouds!' Then, changing irom animation to dgponden. cy, he continued :iCrimson ,,and purple, cirae and shroud..Whiose crime? Whose shroud?' Thenhe sighed and relapsed. Into silence. -'1f, what.,were.you.thlnk ing,..uncle?';I asked.. He.looked 't J-ne in a vacant nmanner, and muttered-some tinintellligible ivwords, the ·s.hileh twisting h!s thin fingers one wlthingthe other,?lI had never.seen hini so moved., Then iaie spoke clearly.and forcily, rstll. startimfg I at me. His eyes seemed starting firom their socketsand the eyeballs appeared to be covered with:a diaphonous film, on which the mlnd.-. was portraying with vividness a sceiie of the.past. 'Tooate -too. late!" he. groaned .,;'Merciful Heaven! siilll'I never escape from this torture?. Oh, for..one drop. of water-to moisteni my.phrecied.throat!', Then he stretched outboth hands, half raised hi~iself-from his s.eat, and fell laughing Into my irms, He recovered almost imr mediately,,and. the fit, or, whatever. It wras, passed off, seemingly without ,ny ill effect. 'Let us -go. Indoors; Philip,' he said: 'Ifeel chilly.:,.As we approach ed tho house he, atbped, and said, tnd ly, 'Yes, the setting eon. .Go, towards It, my boy;:travel and gain wtisdom.rIt comes fironiiseklng, even in the desert.' At the- door'of this room he bade me good hight, squeezed.my hand firmly, and added, 'I think I -have acted for the best.' They. were the last words he spoke to me. for the next day he became sIeriously ill, hnd in three days he died.! "And left you and your sister penni less. I suppose it is for the best, but it requires.a good faith-blind faith-to believe It." "Yes, George, dependent on the boun ty of-John Rawdon. Never thlat, al though it will be painful for us to leave this old Hall, our home for so many years. She does not know that she is no longer mistress here; but it must be revealed, and the quicker the better. I will tell you a secret, George. My cou sin loves Kate passionately-genuine, I think, for once in his life. Women are women, and I am afralid, when he knows th ththi?t is no longer her home, sihe will accept him. To give up luxury for genteel poverty, and the easy posl tion of mistress for the drudgery of daily toll - the position of a squire's wife and fifteen thousand a year to be come a portionless noboby - are consid erations enough to make a young girl eager to accept one who wnould enable ier to rentain her late. Slmple and ignor Ont as I amnt in such matters, I know what would resut from a union between my sister and my cousin. Knowing how unscrupulous he is, and the ill-re pute rumor gives him. I would sooner she should beg from door to door.than marry him. George, as a true frend, ad uIse me how to act." Had Phillip been les intent on his own troubles, he would have been astonished nt the erffect his words produced on his friend. iHow often we forget in the re cital of outir own wrongs the feelings of i others! It is human nature to see one ride only- to utter killing words without a thought of wrhat may be caused by them, The sting of the bee lasts but a little while but the dart. whlchenters the heart twists and rankles uiicasin ingly., George Marsden was ardently in love with Kate Goodwin-not that kind of infatuation miscalled love, 'but. true, sincere, ingenuous devotion, controlled by fears that it may be unrequitted, and o prefers to bask in the presence of the object of its adoration day by day; to feed on every look and treasure up every smle; to remember every word, yt is afraid to breathe the avowal that will decide its fate- pure, unselfish love, re strained by its own overwhlming pow er. Every word spoken had dadened each impulse of his throbbring heart. and would fester deeper and deeper as time passed. But no sign of the anguish witkin his breast betrayed itself in the quiet self command with which he spoke; a slight pallor, passing iway momentarily, alone showed the depth of feeling. "You ask for my advice," he said. "I much decline to touch on so dellcate a subject. You sister is mistress of her own heart, and it would be presumptuous for me to interfere. I thank you for your confidence. Pleased be satisfied with my answer."' "Certainly.. Nevertheless I shall warn her against him..; . . Shall we try the copse for a'pheasant? This matter makes me a veritable savage. I feel I must kill something to divert my thoughts." The two sportsmen shouldered their guns, and trudged silent and thoughtful over the fields, sodden by the October rains. 