SIR. GEORGE SHEKTOjSV. his trip to england. entertained at ' the legislative council. the Premier anj- the patriotic party. . Sir George Shenton, President of ♦.he-Legislative Council, was enter, tained ? by members of that section of Parliament at noon yesterday, previously to his de parture for England or. a Holiday trip. ? Mr. E. H. Wittenoom, Minister of Mines, presided, and mostly, all the members of the Legislative Council and several members of the Legislative As sembly., iucluding the Premier (Sir John Forrest) were present. Mr. Wittenoora Baid that he had received ?apologies for nonatten dance from the Commissioner for Railways (Mr. F.'H. Piesse), Mr. Solomon, M.L.A., Mr. A. B. Kid son, M.L.C., and Mr. W. Spencer, M.L.O., all of whom#joiued in wishing the guest Ion voyage. Mr. Witteuoom remarked that so much had been said of Sir George Shenton .within the last few days that there was little left for him to add. .Ho could not, however, allow their guest to depart without saying a few words, It was a matter of congratulation, ho thought, that the colony should have such a representative man going to England at the pre Bent time, particularly as Sir George was so thoroughly con versant with the past history and present1 resources of the colony. He f,elt sure that a great deal of good would accrue from the visit, because at this particular stage of the colony's progress they wanted to place before the British investors reliable information, and Sir George Shenton, who' was associated with so many ventures iu Western Aus tralia, was the gentleman who could faithfully fulfil such a mission. Sir George had held many important posts in his time, until he was selected, to fill the high and dignified position of President of the Legislative Council.' On behalf of the Legislative Coun cil, he had the pleasure of wishing Sir. George and Lady Shenton a most pleasant trip and the best of health, and of expressing the hope that he would return with renewed vigor to carry out his many important duties in as satis factory a manner as he had done in the past. Ho proposed the health of Sir. George Shenton. , The toast having been honored, Sir George Shenton said that he was extremely grateful to the com pany fpr having attended to do him honor. As President of theLogislav tive Council, he thought that he had given satisfaction to the, members of that House, but there were times when it was not easy to please everybody. It was impossible to do so, for every man hold different I opinions. He' desired, however, to thank the members for their loyalty to the President, and he was proud of tho good feeling that had always existed between members and him self. He had had the honor of being President for upwards of four years, and during that time there had not been any unpleasant, nesses. r He did not deserve all the kind things thathad been said about him. It had been his aim to do what he thoughtfair and right,and he waB pleased to know that Iub efforts were appreciated. Ho was leaving for England simply on a pleasure trip. He felt that he required a change, but he could not have got away but for the kindness of the members in granting him leave of absence, and he expressed his thanks to those gentlemen for having consented to his being absent during tho early portion of next session, Though his trip was, as. he11 said, a pleasure one, he would while iu ilngland do aU ho could to advauce the in terests of the colony. He believed that, being interested^ in several of the large, financial institutions, he would be ablo to throw Borne light on the darkness that existed in certain quarters as to Western Australian institutions. It was necessary, he thought, that those who occupied important positions should from time to time go to England, and discuss matters with those who were interested in the affairs of the colony. He himself during the last throe or four years had received many letters asking him to visit England Ho thought that the more closely the ties betweon the mother country and the colony were drawn the better it would be for everybody. He hoped that Western Australia would progress in the future as it had done in the. past. What he thought would prove a great advan tage to the colony was the fact that the Premier had accepted tho invi. tation to. bo present in London in connection with the. record reign celebrations. It would have been a disgrace to Western Aus tralia had the other colonies been represented without it. Tho Premier would bo able to do a great deal towards removing doubts that existed in tho minds of in vestors, and proving that tho Govorriment and the Parlia ment were willing to do all in their power to encourage proper investments in Western Australia. He hoped to return arid take his seat in the Council in September next, and that the good feeling which had existed between tho members aud himself would con tinue. ;He thanked them again for their good wishes, Mr. Wittenoom proposed the toast of 'The Legislative As Beinbly.'.. Thero wore among them representatives of that part of the Parliament, and it was with great pleasure that he welcomed them within the precincts of the Legisla. tive Council building. He trusted that the views of those gentlemen would improve by the visit, —(laughter)— and that they would send down better legislation in the future than they had done in the past, He could not wish them a ong life, because they could not live vory much longer, but he would ask the compary to drink to the toast, coupled with the name of Sir John Forrest Sir John Forrest said that he had great pleasure in responding to the toast. He thanke'l the mem bers of the Council for having given members of the Assembly an opportunity of being present to assist in tho 'send off' to tho President of the Legislative Coun cil. He thought that Sir Goorge Shentou shouM feel greatly honored at the kindnesses shown to him by all sections of the community in wishing him God-speed during his short visit to the old country. There was no doubt that he occu pied a very important position in the commercial world, and it was encouraging to find, that his services wero appreciated. Regarding the Legislative Assem bly, it was said that it was about to die, but they believed that they would rise again and display a great amount of life yet. It had been stated also that the A ssembly was completely demoralised, but ho did not think that the members were going to give up the ghost, or that they would in any way be prevented from doing their duty to the country. They all posed as patriots, but he was glad to find that in the Legislative Council there was a small section which tried to arrogate to itself the title of 'The Patriotic Party.' He wished the party every success, and if it would carry out patriotic measures it would have the sup port of ' everyone in the country. They all had that great object in view. It could not be thought that they were going to try to ruin the country, and bring disaster upon themselves and their families. Their desire was to promote and encourage the advancement of this country. Looking back upon the past six years, no one could say that the Parliament of Western Australia had not been patriotic. The colony had been lifted from a position of great insignificance to a position of great importance, and it was now known throughout the civilised world. The revenue had been raised in six years from .£400,000 to two and a half millions; 'the colony had been covered with a network of railways ; the tele graph had been extended to all parts ; and the mining population had been encouraged to settle in the country, while over three mil lions worth of gold had been turned out. If these were not signs of patriotism he did not know what were. He did not belong f to that section which called itself a patriotic party; he belonged to the patriotic purty of the country. Ho was pleased to bo among the company to do honor to Sir George ' Shenton, and he wished him all happiness during his trip, and a speedy return to continue his good work in the interests of the country. Sir George Shenton proposed the health of 'The Chairman,' and eulogised him for his able atlminis tratfou of tho Postal and Telegraph and Mines Departments. Mr. Wittenoom, in replying, said that he really was not aware that he was such a clever fellow before, but he would know in the future. Joking apart, however, ho said that as long as he had been the repre sentative of the Government in the Legislative Council it had been his endeavor to work in accordance with the wishes of the members. . Tho proceedings then closed. 