The Storyteller. THE FATAL HEIRLOOM. By Una Roe, Author of "The For bidden Name," &c.; Chapter V. (continued.) "stained, as with wine." " No, Annie, not altogether that, though I certainly do feel anxioU3, but more on his account than my own. As to my looks, I think the night I passed may account for them. I had a dream—a nightmare, I sup pose it was. It was a dreadful dream Annie, and not like a dream—it was so vivid, and like a reality. I woke from it at midnight, and could not sleep after that from the impression it left upon me. But of course it was only a dream, and I have no faith in such things—never had. When I come over to see you this evening I will tell you what it was. Now-we had better go in and say our prayers. Do not forget to pray for me and .for Richard. Do you know, Annie, that this day twenty years ago we made our first Communion to gether, he.andl, We were happy, inno cent boys then, and he was more pious than I was. .We both-served on the altar, and were never absent. Poor fellow, it is many a long year now, Annie, since 'he has ap proached the sacraments. No wonder he is what he is when he has not got the Grace of God about him. Do you pray for him, Annie dear. I have not so much faith in my own prayers, for 'a saint may pray for a sinner, but a sinner must pray for himself.'" Annie thought Michael was the greatest saint living. However, Bhe did not say so. Then they went into the churoh, as the rest of the congregation began to gather now. On returning from Mass, Annie and her sister were accompanied by the O'Regans part of the way home. Katie was to be a bridesmaid at Annie's wedding, 6he and Kathleen, and she had occasion to speak on that important matter this morning. Her two little brothers, Tom and Willie, chatted to Kathleen. " I say, Kathleen," began the eldest, Tom, of ten years old, " you know that old shed up near your place; as you go to the racecourse, that tumble-down, old wurlie ? " "Yes; well, what about it?" asked Kathleen. "It is haunted! Ain't it, Will ? There's ghosts in it!" " Nonsense, Tom. What makes you say so ? " " I'll just tell you, Kathleen. It's as true as death. Yesterday was Katie's cleaning-upday, you know, and we young sters always get turned out of doors then, and sent north, south, east, and west. So Will and I went for a walk up to the race bourse, and -when we came- near that old hut we did hear such abaray going on in side of it. }, J>idn't,iwe,/Will ? " }; ;• ' " Yes," said little Willie. " Like as if a dozen men were talking, having a good old yarn." " Not a dozen, Will," corrected Tom, " only four. 1 heard four different voices, Kathleen. I noticed 'em, and they were talking Buch gibberish, too, like as if it was German or French, I don't know. But Will and I went on up to the hut and looked in, and what do you suppose we saw when we got there ?" "Why four men, I suppose. You said you heard four men talking." " That's the queer thing about it, Kath leen. We saw just one old man lying asleep, snoring, on an old blue blanket, and there wasn't another soul in the hut. Will and I got scared, and we ran like any thing." " But," said Kathleen, " I daresay . the men went out at the other side of the hut, before you looked in." " There was no way for them to get out," said Tom, " and we could see them if they came out at the front. It is haunted, I tell you, sure as anything." " I won't go there any more," said Willie: " Katie said we were silly to be frightened; it was only old opossums or a laughing jackass; but they can't talk German. Katie was not there to hear 'em. She'd be scared, too, if she was." " It is. very funny," said Kathleen, laugh ing, but she could not help • wondering -what had really been the cause of the noise. She told Annie about it afterwards, and declared that she would get her bro thers to go with her that very afternoon, and see if they could solve the mystery. Annie did not pay much heed to it. Children were easily frightened, she said, and often imagined - things. Annie's thoughts were too full of Michael and his undertaking to be much interested in any thing else that day. She declined to ac company Kathleen and the boys on their expedition to the hut, and stayed at home, waiting for the advent of Michael. At last she saw him approaching, and went a little way through the thicket to meet him. He smiled and told her she was looking quite radiant thiB evening. "I have not long to stay, Annie," said he. " Are the others at home ? " " Only mother. But you will stay to .tea, Michael ? The others will be at home then.". " No, Annie, I cannot, stay. I will say good-bye to your mother. Then come with me a little way, for I want you all to' my self this evening,. Annie." As they came towards the house Michael started, and touched Annie's arm, and whiBpered— ■ "I declare, there is that, old fellow we met yesterday, the swagsman. I thought he had gone to Moonta." True enough, the old man was coming towardsthem. " Beg pardon, sir," said he to Michael, " but could you tell me if that road yonder is. the shortest way to Kadina P" . . "Yes, I believe so," said Michael. "I thought you were in Moonta by this time, mv friend." . . "I only gotihalf way, sir, when I met a man ^who said as .he could give me work in Kadina, so I came back, and I'm going to going Kadii&^Ioir.fjl Itpsa long way for,, you to walk now," eftid Anniel i s #' "I don'tinind that/ina'ani, I'm ubed to tramping, and»maybe I'll got a lift t>n the way. ' Thank - yon," sit, ahd' you. ma'am. Good luck.to ;yciu"hoth",and ,awayr he n^rched;agahy 0|r the way tp Kadina. ij Michaellooked Inter him till, he passed out of sight. - Then he saidtoAhnie— "I have my suspicions-about that old fellow. I have some idea that he maybe a detective." "That thought just occurred to ine also," she replied.- ; ; - If t|mt jjie so^rtrijisf he vnll not .shadow "toyifpoteteps aftefppor Dick. I Ahullleawhbme-qwetlyHramigiit; " As1 thatbuilding. affair is t completed, ,1, have no heed* to*delayyand avoid notice." . r " " " "WhemvdUyotf'gofirstvMi •: ' I will not tell even you, Annie, what qnes »»wa»» •*a«HtehtrT» ptffi in "an __ ,do nc&mwit; tos know?1 They went, into the house, .where they found Mrs. Corny. Michael only spent a short time with the good', lady • of the a^^Ehthem" _ iow. He left his kind regards for Kath leen, and a little gem of an album, wit§|| photos in it of her best known friendk^ii himself and Annie included, and one of their way down a quiet lane, with the soft airs playing round them, and the sunshine in their faces. Long after, Annie remembered that evening hour as the most memorable in her life. And well she might, for it was an evening that was followed by a sad dark night. Michael related'his dream, which had made such an impression upon him, though he laughed at himself for noticing it. " I daresay I should not have thought so much of a dream, Annie, but that the heir loom held a prominent place in it. I fancied that I was following Bichardover desert and scrub, and at the same time, someone else, I know not who, was following me. It seemed' like a terrible face, wicked and dreadful, and I dared not stop to look close at it.' But I came to the sea-shore, and there I had to stand still. There was no boat, no means of crossing the water. The dreadful, cruel face came near me, and I saw then that it was my own face. But I feared it more because it was my own, and I looked about wildly for some means of escape from it. Then a shadowy hand came out from the darkness, and it held out my little white handkerchief, and a voice said, " This will do." I seized it, and in a moment had thrown it over the face and held it there behind the head, and I was pressed backward and backward till I fell into the sea, and the handkerchief ■ grew into a cloud and rained blood on me and the face as we floated together, and the sky was black and burning. Then I awoke as I felt a rock in the sea, and clung to it, and the face floated far away, as I besran to awaken." "It was a terrible dream, Michael. I suppose your mind was disturbed. Do" you often have strange dreams ? " " No, as a rule I sleep soundly and do not dream at all. I cannot forget the effect it produced on me. If I shut my eyes now I see that face quite distinctly, bloodless and ghastly. I think of the rhyme of Eugene Aram's dream, and the words ran in my mind Irom time to time to-day. Tou know, Annie, the lines which run thus— "Ah me, that horrid, horrid dream Besets me now awake, Again, again, with a dizzy brain The Spectre's life I take; And my red, right hand grows raging hot, Like Cranmer's at the stake." "Dear Annie, forgive me," he added suddenly, changing his tone. " I should not indulge a morbid humor now, when we are about to part so soon, and who knows how many days may elapse before we meet again," He spoke then of mQre cheerful things; he strove to raise her courage and his own, and made light of future possible difficulties. Their conversation was not the less consoling to both that it assumed on the whole a serious tone. It suited their mood this evening, and it gave a colouring to their communion that enhanced its worth, its memory, to them afterwards. There is no need to repeat all the deep thoughts they uttered, all the dear and sacred revelation of soul to soul that passed between them, or the, tender words of love intermingled with love's carresses that the few short moments allowed them to bestow each on the other. The time came all too soon for them to say farewell. They had reached the gate near Annie's: homey but stood yet for a moment in the shadows of the leafy trees, and the sunshine still lingered on their faces. > Annie thought to herself; that her lover had never looked bo grand and noble > and beautiful; others might style him hand some, as indeed he was. But Annie deemed him more than hand some; he was beautiful, beautiful as an angel, with that wonderful god-like ex pression on his face, marking him as a man good to God and to'his fellow-men. Annie long remembered, that look upbn his face, and well might she treasure it in her heart of hearts, for she never saw it there again. . His thought of her was also more full of love and .veneration than ever,' as ,he took ' her .hands in both his and looked into: her pure and truthful eyeB. . 'Then he drew her to his breast and kissed heronce/ahd.twice, with the words—" God love you for ever, " Annie, my own dear Annie." " God love and keep yon, Michael, till we Lnd then he we^llwAyy ■ , But heauriijgd ; kin m$Jbhe disj|^^;iand|>he help^ ; hardly see his face' distinctly then, but she saw him wave tWhsnd^erchiBf. % Thenhe',^ went onandthetfcefes himhim'frdmhersight/ " and the rod sun went down! A wind arose-' ahd mb&ned; through tM /trgilto Annie's mind; f^iveht infyfj lQjjgeand was very^i^tjfoi^pie rest ieevening. .■■■-; ■ disappointed—Hu^h espeqially.whotook ible ^WMiSnsiifHhfe* vol But they had found nothing in the'hut except the bones of a hare that had been cooked lately. • Kathleen quite believed there was some mystery about the matter, and she only waited a favorable opportunity to make another investigation on her own account. The occasion was not long forthcoming! A few days later she found time in the afternoon to go out for a little stroll, to have a quiet read, as she said, " far from the madding crowd," which crowd consisted of Hugh, who was teasing her, and John, who was bringing her to order about her dress and her shoe strings, the shoe strings being untied as usual. The boys were at home this week in the daytime. It was their turn for night choice, as they termed it. Kathleen escaped their banter, and did read for a short time, with only the birds to make a noise around her. Soon, how ever, she closed the book and made her way to the hut. She was agreeably surprised to find that it had an occupant in the shape of an old man, who was kindling a fire with a few dry sticks in front of the hut. He seemed a very old man, for his hair and long beard were quite white, and his hands shook as he held the sticks. He did not raise his head til Kathleen came quite close to him. Then she had to speak twice before he answered her. He looked at her from head to foot and frowned, as he replied to her salutation, "Good afternoon." (7*0 be continued.) Lenten Sermon.—The last Lenten ser mon preached at Frascati by the cele brated Franciscan orator, Padre Agostino, was attended by an enormous concourse of people. The day was Good Friday, and numbers flocked out from Borne to be present. The Italian Government and Socia lism.—The secular authorities in Italy have of late been startled by the advance of Socialism, and it seems that in their alarm they are beginning to imitate the practices by which Prince Bismarck sought to sup press the Socialist propaganda in Germany. They are laying violent hands on the press, and have several times sequestrated the Socialist journal Avanti. Our Catholic con temporary the Unita Cattolica wisely points out that force is no remedy, and protests against the infringement of journalistic liberty. It is not through the teaching of the J vanti that Socialism is acquiring its power. Its foundations are laid in the schools, where the youth are inspired with class hatred by State-paid tehchers; it is fostered by the bourgeois newspapers, whose immoral articles corrupt the minds of large numbers; and, above all, it is streng thened by the maladministration of the Government. As was evident from the re sults of the Bismarckian persecutions,; mere violence will never arrest the progress of Socialism. . IJut it will be no peril to the State in^rhiph free scope is given for sound moral raacnihg, and in which the Govern ment by % broad, just policy aims at exten ding the bounds of individual freedom and securing the greatest good of the greatest number. 