[PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.] THE GRINDING MILLS OF GOD, By RITA. Author of "Peg the Rake," "Kitty the Rag," "A Woman In It," "A Husband of No Importance," "Joan and Mrs. Carr," "Sheba," &c.;, &c.; [COPYRIGHT.] ____ CHAPTER XXXI.—( Continued.) IT was some moments before Mrs. Langrishe regained consciousness. Then she opened her eyes, and sat up, and asked the usual foolish questions. I left Nell to answer her. I was myself unnerved and upset, and my head began to ache in a feverish. unaccountable way. 'Good heavens!' I cried, in my heart. 'Am I going to be ill—am I going to take the fever?' I staggered into a chair. The room looked hazy and indistinct. The faces swam before me. I pressed my hands to my head. It was burning hot, then suddenly as the feeling had come it passed. My brain steadied and my eyes cleared, and I rose. 'If you will excuse me,' I said, 'I will go to bed. I don't feel very well.' I believe they spoke, but there came a buzzing singing noise in my ears, and I could not hear distinctly. 'I think this must be something like people feel when they are drunk,' I said to myself, and I seemed to hear my own foolish laugh as I said it. Then I was in my room. I was trying to pull off my clothes. I was looking at my box, packed and addressed for departure. I saw the bed turned down—the frilled pillows. I felt but one longing, one impulse—to lie down and sleep—sleep for ever! I remember no more. * * * * * * FINAL EXTRACTS ADDED BY NELL. Two weeks—two long, endless, miser- able weeks. How can I write all the terrors and sorrows and anxiety they have held for me? And yet I must. The story cannot be left unfinished. There has been too much said for me to be silent now. There are too great issues at stake for either omission or negligence on my part. 'Oh, what would I not give for a friend to trust, to rely upon, to take counsel with. I feel so miserably help- less and alone. Oh, for a man's strong heart and strong sense to encourage me now! For Dick, strong, self-reliant, clever Dick. But I don't know where he is, and I daren't write to my own people. I daren't breathe a word of the hateful suspicions at work within my soul, and poor Debbie is ill—ill of the same terrible fever. Fortunately, she has had it very mildly, but it has been bad enough. Bad enough, indeed, taken in con- junction with all that came with it. And now my pen has the hardest task to fulfil I have ever given it. It is little wonder I shrink from putting down in black and white the truth of all this past year's fears. And yet I must. Mary Langrishe is dead. Dead, and in her grave, poor soul. And the stonemasons are at work over an elaborate marble cross to her memory, and an inscription, composed by a bereaved husband, and adorned by an appropriate text! Do devils laugh at us, I wonder, watching the ape-like tricks we play before high Heaven and our fellow mortals! * * * * * * Now the bold plain fact is written, perhaps I can compose my mind to the task before me. I have to trust memory, for I have had not a spare moment to make any notes since the night Debbie fell ill. That night, Mrs. Langrishe seemed on the high road to recovery. Her husband had returned from London and behaved somewhat rudely to Debbie. In fact she took his conduct in the light of a dismissal, and declared she would leave next day. We both were asked downstairs to supper, a fact which rather surprised me. Our meals had been served upstairs in Mrs. Langrishe's boudoir since her illness had upset the household, follow- ing closely on my own. The supper was very festive, as far as appearances went—lights, flowers, fruit, wine all set out as of old, and Mrs. Langrishe in high spirits, and the doctor compli- mentary, and almost lover-like. Yet I felt uneasy, and so I am sure did Debbie. Mrs. Langrishe had a fainting fit later on that night, brought on, I fear, by a remark of mine that frightened her and led to a ghost story from the servant, and to great anger on the part of Dr. Langrishe. I certainly fancied I saw a figure standing at the end of the grass slope, and with a very awful face, and Mrs. Langrishe declared she saw it too. The rest of that evening, and, the awful night that followed it, is a hazy confusion of recurring terrors. Let me try at last to separate the tangles, and unravel the threads, and see what sort of narrative comes out of the confusion. CHAPTER XXXII. Mrs. Langrishe had scarcely recovered from her fainting fit when Debbie left the room. She said her head ached, and retired abruptly. I remained be- hind with Mrs. Langrishe and her hus- band. He chilled her for being so foolish and fanciful, and then insisted on her having another glass of cham- pagne. It seemed to revive her. She sat up and began to talk—rather oddly, I fancied—and as for Dr. Langrishe, he finished the champagne, and I thought it best to depart. I asked Mrs. Lan- grishe if she would require my assist- ance, but the doctor interposed. 'I will be your maid to-night, my love,' he said, and not caring to witness any more maudlin tenderness, I retired. I found Debbie in bed and sound asleep. I therefore put the light out of sight, and undressed very quietly, and got in myself. It was a large bed, and stood against the wall. Debbie slept on the inner side, her face turned away from the room, so I did not disturb her. She seemed in a dead sleep, but knowing how worried and anxious she had been of late, I did not wonder at it. I had turned out the lamp before I got into bed. The moonlight, however, was so bright that everything in the room was distinctly visible. After two or three moments, I began to feel drowsy. I closed my eyes, but a curious singing noise began in my ears which I did not like. Then came an odd sensation, as if I were floating out to sea. The room seemed filling with water—clear, deep, silvery water —and it rose and rose until the bed was lifted up and I in it, and we seemed drifting away in a flood of liquid light. Leaden weights seemed pressing on my eyes. I tried to open them, but could not. My limbs grew chill and heavy, and—I remember no more. * * * * * * It seemed as if hours had passed when I awoke with a start. I fancied I had heard a strange, suffocating cry, and that it was very near. Someone was calling, 'Nell, Nell!' I sat up. 'Debbie,' I cried, 'was that you?' There was no answer. Only the quiet, heavy breathing of the sleeper by my side. The moonlight had faded now. All was dark in the room. In the stillness I could hear my heart beating loudly, heavily, with the painful throbs of fear. A cold perspiration stood on my brow. I was shaking as with deadly cold. I lay back again, and drew the light covering up to my ears, I felt as if my limbs were weighted—as if I could not move hand or foot. Yet my hearing was painfully acute, and with all my heart in my mouth I listened. Nothing—not a sound or movement— only the faint rustle of leaves from beyond the partially open window, only the softly deepening dusk creeping over the room. I felt my eyes closing. I felt the leaden-weighted drowsiness stealing over my senses. Again I slept. * * * * * * When I awoke next it was with a ter- rifying consciousness of being called by someone, and was out of the bed and groping my way to the door before it struck me that I was perhaps the victim of some nightmare. I stood mid-way in the room, swaying to and fro in a dizzy fashion. I grew deadly sick. When the paroxysm passed, I was bathed from head to foot in a cold sweat. I sank down into the nearest chair feeling horribly ill, and trembling as if I had an ague fit. The numbing horrible cold set my teeth chattering, and yet I had not strength to grope my way back to bed. Then, in the dead silence that reigned everywhere, I suddenly heard a strange sound. It was a sound familiar to me only in the hospital wards, and a sound that of all others I most loathed and disliked. It was the sound of the stomach pump. There was no denying it, no mistak- ing it. Ears that have once heard that sound never forget it. And as I sat there, and caught the regular, even suction of the horrible machine, I began to ask myself what on earth was the meaning of it. Who could possibly require its use? Was anyone ill? Was it Mary Langrishe? The thought gave me sudden strength. I started up from the chair and groped my way to the door. My cold fingers felt for the handle, found it, turned it. It was locked, and the key was not there. In frantic terror I rattled and shook the handle. I called aloud. I screamed to Debbie to wake and help me, but she never moved. Then my senses fled, and calling out that murder was being done, and I could not get out, I fell heavily across the threshold. * * * * * * Was it all a dream—a ghastly night- mare? For now comes the story of the awakening; and as I live I cannot tell if this night of terror was real, or due to an over-excited brain, and the stimulant of half a cup of coffee. I awoke again, or rather was awakened by a violent knocking at my door. The sun was streaming in. It was broad daylight, and I was in bed, though how I got there I cannot imagine or re- member. 'Miss Gray—Miss Nugent!' cried a voice—the voice of Dr. Langrishe— 'will one of you get up and come to my wife? She is very ill—quick as you can. I've called you half a dozen times.' I sprang out of bed. I never looked at Debbie, or gave a thought to her. Then I remembered the locked door. 'The door is looked on the outside,' I cried. 'I tried to get out in the night and couldn't.' 'Are you sure?' said the doctor's voice. 'There's no key here!' My eyes turned to the keyhole as I slipped my feet into my slippers. The key was there. More and more bewildered, and feel- ing uncertain yet whether I was asleep or dreaming again, I hurried into my dressing-gown, and unlocked the door and rushed off to Mrs. Langrishe's room. As I entered I saw the figure of one of the local doctors standing by the bedside. He turned away as I entered. I saw him lay a stiff white hand down on the lace coverlet. 'I am very sorry, Langrishe; it is too late,' he said. 'Of course, after what you have told me, the cause is natural enough. . . . I know what a trying time you have had!' I sprang forward, and there, lying quietly back on the pillows, the golden sunlight falling on her white face and closed sunken eyes, was the dead form of Mary Langrishe. For a moment I stood paralysed— struck dumb—with the awful sudden- ness of her fate. The two doctors were speaking still. I saw James Langrishe's handkerchief raised to his eyes, and heard the sympa- thising tones of his colleague. I longed to speak but fear chained my tongue. Suspicion is not proof. I dared not say what my own feelings prompted me. It was not the time or the place for that. 'Oh, how was it? How did it happen?' I cried at last. 'Why was I not called?' 'I called you till I was tired,' said Dr. Langrishe, turning on me almost fiercely. 'If your habits in the hos- pital were anything like those I have witnessed since you have been under my roof, I don't wonder you were dis- missed from it!' I felt my face grow scarlet. I tried to speak, but grief, anger, and indigna- tion only found one way of betraying themselves, and verifying his judg- ment. I burst into a flood of tears. 'Ah,' I heard the other doctor say. 'No nerve, no stamina. Too young, I should say, and inexperienced. So many of those lady nurses are useless when it comes to real hard work. There, there, my dear,' he added, turn- ing to me. 'Don't fret about it. Let it be a lesson to you in the future. You don't look very strong or well yourself. Besides, even if you had been with the poor lady you could have done nothing. Failure of the heart's action, accelerated by sudden fright. The weakness had been of long standing, you say. Yes; and then this fever. Oh, quite right, quite . . . I will sign the certificate if you wish . . . you prefer it? Certainly, certainly. Now. about the sad duties—eh?' 'I will do all that is needful,' I said, drying my eyes. 'Do not send a stranger.' They said something, but I was really beyond attending to mere words then, and all I know is that they went out of the room and left me with the cold, still, inert thing, that only last night had been Mary Langrishe! * * * * * * I laid her there, in her pretty pink- draped bed, in one of her lovely lace and muslin gowns, and drew the blinds, and set the room in order. Then I stood there, for long, and looked at her. Oh, if she could speak. Only one word, only 'Yes' or 'No' to the hideous suspicion that lay in my breast. Her body told me nothing; her face told me nothing. It was calm and full of peace, as most dead faces are. Rarely, indeed, do their last moments leave any self-betraying marks behind. I felt bewildered. If it had not been for the presence and assurance of the other medical man, I might have blurted out some of my terrible sus- picions. But he had been called in. He had stated the cause of death, and my lips were perforce sealed. With regard to Dr. Langrishe's state- ment that he had called me, and I had not heard him, what could I say? [TO BE CONTINUED.] ====== A ton of oil has been obtained from the tongue of a single whale. 