A SYDNEY MIRACLE. INVES lIGATION BY A REPORTER. THE INTERESTING CASE OF LMR THOMAS JARVIS, WiOO PATS THAT A FEW WEEKS AGO lIE WAS CRIPPLED-PARTIALLY PARALYZED, SUFFERING FROM Loco. MOTOR ATAXIA, AND HELPLESS, Do0CTOR , HOSPITAur ATIIORITIES, AND EVERY ONE SAID lIE MUST DIE AS IIIS CASE WAS HOPELESS. BFT TIIET WERE .MISTAKEN. TO.DAY lIE IS A NEW MAN, FULL OF LIFE AND ENERGY, IIIS CRUTCIIES IE IIAS THROWN AWAY, IIIs DEAD LIMSI? HAVE LIFE, HIS APPETITE ][AS RETURNED, AND, IN FACT, IIE IIAS A NEW LEASE OF LIFE OUT AND OUT. So much interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellous case that we have published the facts again as they appeared in the Australian Workman" a few weeks ago: One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lans Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two.year.old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions he said:" You want to know all about my case! Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?" '" Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident. I was badly sealded while taking a bath in Pitt.atreet, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health and after four years gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms " "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a noisance to myself and overyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat or sleep. On the 23rd March last I sarr a well-known doctor, and le told me that my case was utterly hope. less. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the order? " "No, I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of doys when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attendimg me, and did alllhe could, by opium and morphia pills to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. Ife came to the conclusion I was suffering from loco. motor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charsec. terised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary move. ments. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion isunot infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the adver. tisement describing the cure affected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the "Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own, I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. Imme. diately left the bed and was able to more about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth bor. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, lut sorely, recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches here ? They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is thIll stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I was rapidly regaining my strength." "HIe is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs Jarris, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, maid that Jerrie looked ten years younger that day than he did s fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back to my legs., f I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and streagth to work at that trade, I am better today than I have been at any time daring the past five years. I ascribe all the change end benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantleplece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating palin. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. All who know rue have been amasei at the change in ale. )hey can hardly belireve their eyes. Mly being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is the remarkable history, and con. firms what is said in all the chief newepaper of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name Dr. \\\'illiaems' 1'iik Pills for Vale People, and are sold by chemlists and storekeepers generally, or the Dr. Williams Mledicins Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2s 0d, or half a dozen for 14, 9d. Tho beat medicine known is SANDER and SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT. Test its eminent powerful effects in coughs, colds in. luenza, etc.,-the relief is instantaneous, His Mlajesty the King of Italy, end medical syndicates all over thie globe, are its patrons. Read the oflicial reports that accompany eacll bottle, Moeler, M.D., prof. Ioivereity, Greifswald, reports :-The ~iuca. Extra, proved magnificently successful in very asoere contysitoons, bruises, epraines wounds, Rcaldiogn. broken ribs and limbs. (Med. fournal., Nov., sIt).-In diseeess of the kid. neys, either active congestion or suppression (urneia), or albuminuria, dropsy, lithiasis, lotingog will equal in its action Eucalypti Extract. Doses, 5 to 8 drops. blosler, Il.D., Prof. University, Oreifswald, reports: Diphtheria. Tonsils contioually coherent, presenting ulcers with white exudata. Cared in 14 days. Surgical Cline. of Prof. MPIntyre, Collee q Physpnhlin gd Sor. eon St, S. i-Scirrhgs of Ereset-Ex. ".isinu1 F3capti Extract employed. No swelling, het or discoloration. Cured in 14 days, [ADlV.] 