THE NOVELIST. SIMON DALE.* By AXTHOXY HOPE. CHAPTER YIL WHAT CAME OF HONESTY. I should sin against the truth and thereby rob this my story of its solitary virtue were I to pretend that my troubles and per plexities, severe as they seemed, outweighed the pleasure and new excitement of my life. Ambition was in my head, youth in my reins, my eyes looked out on a merry world with a regard none too austere. Against these things even lore's might can wage but jlh HtKXjual battle, tor the moment, 1 must confess, my going to Court, with the pros pect it opened, and the chances it held, dominated my mind, and Jonah Wall, my servant, was kept busy in preparing me for the great event. I had made a discovery concerning this fellow which afforded me much amusement. Coming on him sud denly I found him deeply engaged on ft pun tan Psalm-book, sighing, and easting up his eyes to heaven in a ludicrous excess of glum-faced piery. I pressed him hard and merrily, when it appeared that he was &e; thorough a Ranter as my friend Phineas himself, and held the Court and all in it to be utterly given over to Satan, an opinion Dot wuhout some warrant had he observed any moderation in advancing it. Not wish ing to harm him, I kept my -knowledge to myself, but found a malicious Bport in set ting him to supply me with all the varieties of raiment, perfumes, and other gauds-that last was his word, not mine-which he ab horred, but which Mr. Simon Dale's new born desire for fashion made imperative, however little Air. Simon Dale's purse could properly afford :he expense of them. The truth is that Mistress Barbara's behaviour spurred me on. I had no mind to be set down & rustic, I could stomach disap proval and endure severity; pitied for a misguided, befooled clod I would not be, and the best way to avoid such a fate lecmed to lie in showing myself as reckless a gallant and as tine a soldier as any at Whitehall. So I dipped freely and deep into wy purse, till Jonah groaned as woe fully for my extravagance as for my frivolity. All day he was in great fear lest I should take him with me to Court to the extreme peril of his soul; but prudence at last stepped in and bade me spare myself the cost of & rich livery by leaving him behind. Now heaven forbid that I should imitate my eervaiit's sour folly (for, if a man must be a fool, 1 would have him a merry fool), or hnd anything to blame in the pomp and seemly tplendour of a itoyal Court, yet the prolusion that met my eyes amazed me. It was the King's whim that on this night himseli, bis trieuds, and principal gentle men should, for no reason whatsoever, ex cept tbe quicker disbursing of their money, assume l'eisian attire, and they were one and ali decked out in richest Oriental gar ments, tu many cases lavishly embroidered with precious stoues. The Duke of Buck ingham seemed all ablaze, and the other courtiers and wits were little less magnifi cent, foremost among them being the young Duke ut lYloiuuouth, whom 1 now saw for the lirst time, and thought as handsome a youth as 1 had set eyes on. The ladies did not etijcy the license offered by this new fashion, but they contrived to hold their own in tbe French mode, and I, who bad heard much of the poverty of the nation, the necessities of tbe deet, and the straits in which the King found h;mself for money, was left gaping in sheer wonder whence came all tbe wealth that was displayed be fore iny eyes. My own poor preparations lost all their charm, and 1 had not been above half an hour in tbe place before I was seeking a quiet corner in which to hide ibe poverty of my coat and the plainness of my cloak. But the desire for privacy thus bred in me was not to find fulfilment. Darrell, whom I had not met all day, now pounced on me, and carried me off, de claring that he was charged to present me to the Duke of York. Trembling between fear and exultation, I walked with him across the door, threading my way through the dazzling throng that covered the apace in front of His Majesty's dais. But before we came, to the Duke a gentleman caught my companion by the arm ana asked him how he did in a hearty, cheerful, and rather loud voice. Darrell'B answer was to pull me forward and present me, saying that Sir Thomas Clifford desired my acquaintance* and adding much that erred through kind ness of my parts and disposition. "Nay, if he's your friend, it's enough for me, Darrell," answered Clifford, and, put ting his mouth to Darreli's ear, be whis pered. Darrell shook his head, and I thought that the Treasurer seemed disap pointed. However, he bade me farewell '"''What did^e ask you?" said I, when we started on our way again. . "Only whether you shared my supersti tion/' answered Darrell with a laugh. "They're all mighty anxious about my re Jwion/^ thought t "It would be no harm if they bestowed more attention on their dn," . Suddenly turning a corner we came on a ?n>M>'in * recess bang on three sides with cnrWr¥ furnished with low couches in the -nunner of an Oriental divan. The tfork, who seemed to me a hand giiijr eoHrtly Prince, was sitting, and by bim iAjrd Arlington. Opposite _ to them stoodJrentleman, to wnom the Duke, s»d made my bow, presented me, w know Mr, ffnddleston, the ^linffrrn I was familiar with his ?mum!!! heard often of the Romish the King in his flight tosaaatgf-- 7y,.t. r' f vu cramming his fea tures with the interest that &? unknown face belonging to a well-known name has for os, when the Duke addressed me with a suave and lofty graciousness, his manner being in a marked degree more ceremonious than the King's. "My Lord Arlington," said he, "has com mended, you, sir, as a young gentleman of most loyal sentiments. My brother and we who love him have great need of the services of all such." I stammered oat an assurance of devo tion. Arlington ro6e, and .took me by the arm, whispering that I bad no need to be embarrassed. But Mr. Huddieston turned a keen and searching glance on me, as thoush he would read my thoughts. "I'm sure," said Arlington, "that Mr. Dale is most solicitous to serve His Majesty in all things." I bowed, saying to the Dake, "Indeed, I am, sir; I ask nothing but an oppor tunity." "In all things?" asked Huddieston abruptly. "In all things, sir?" He fixed hie keen eyes on my face. Arlington pressed my arm, and smiled pleasantly; he knew that kindness binds more sheaves than severity. "Come, Mr. Dale says in all things," he observed. "Do we need more, sir?" But the Duke was rather of the priest's t?mm?r than of the minister's. "Why, my lord." he answered, "I have never known Mr. Huddieston ask a question without a reason for it." "By serving the King in all things some mean in all thines in which they may be pleased toservetheKing," said Huddieston, gravely. "Is Mr. Dale one of these? Is it MISS ETHEL EAYDON AS THE "OIECUB GIRL." (From the "Sketch.") the King's pleasure or his own that sets the limit to Die duty and his services?" They were all looking at me now, and it seemed as though we had passed from courtly phrases, such as fall readily but with little import from a .nan's lips, and had come to a graver matter. They were asking some pledge of me, or their looks be lied tnem. Why or to what end they de sired it I could not tell, but Darrell, who stood behind the priest, nodded his head to me with an anxious frown. "I would obey the King in all things," I began. "Well said, well said," murmured Arling ton. "Saving," I proceeded, thinking it my duty to make this addition, and not con ceiving that there could be barm in it, "the Liberties of the Kingdom and the safety of the Reformed Religion." I felt Arlington's hand half-drawn away, but in an instant it was back, and he smiled no less pleasantly than before. But the Duke, less able or less careful to conceal his mood, frowned heavily, while Hudleston cried impatiently: "Reservations; Kings are not served with reservations, sir." He made me angry. Had the Duke said what he did, I would have taken it with a dutiful bow and a silent tongue. But who was this priest to rate me in 6uch a style? My temper banished prudence, and, bend ing my head towards him, I answered: "Yet the Crown itself is worn with these reservations, sir, and the King himself allows them." For a moment nobody spoke. Then Ar lington said: "I fear, sir, Mr. Dale is as yet less a courtier tnan an honest gentleman." The Duke rose to his feet. "I have found no fault with Mr. Dale," said he, haughtily and coldly, and, taking no more heea of me, he walked away, while Ffuddleston,having bestowedon me an angry glance, followed him. "Mr. Dale, Mr. Dale!" whispered Arling ton, and with no more than that, although still with a smile, he dipped his arm out of mine and left me, beckoning Darrell to go with him. Darrell obeyed with a shrug of despair. I was alone-and, as'ltf^eemedL rained. Alas! why most I blurt oat my old lessons as though 1 had been standing again at my father** knee and not in the presence of the Duke of York? , Yes. my race was ran before it wac begun. The Court was not the place for me. In great bitterness moment passed, then the curtain behind me was drawn aside, and an amused laugh sounded in my ear as I turned. A young man leapt over the couch and threw himself down beside me, laughing heartily and cry ing: "Weil done, 'well done; I'd hare given a thousand crowns to see their faces!" I sprang to my feet in amazement and con fusion, bowing low, for the young man by me was the Duke of Monmouth. "Sit, man," said he, pulling me down again. "I was behind the curtain, and heard all. Thank God, I held my laughter in till they were gone. The liberties of the Kingdom and the safety of the Reformed Religion! Here's a story for the King!" He lay back, seeming to enjoy the jest most hugely. "For the love of heaven, sir," I cried, "don't tell the King! I'm already ruined." ''Why, so you are, with my good uncle," said he. "You're new to Court, Jfr. Dale?" "Most sadly new," I answered in a rueful tone, which set him laughing again. "You hadn't heard the scandalous Ftories that accuse the Duke of loving the Re formed Religion no better than the Liber ties of the Kingdom?" "Indeed, no, sir." "And my Lord Arlington? I know him! He held your arm to the last, and he smiled to the last?" "Indeed, sir, my lord was most gentle to me." "Are, I know his way. Mr. Dale, for this entertainment let me call you friend. Come then, we'll go to the King with it." And, rising, he seized me by the arm and began to drag me off. "Indeed, your Grace must pardon me " I began, "But, indeed, I will not," he persisted. Then he suddenly grew grave as he said, "I am for the Liberties of the Kingdom and the safety of the Reformed Religion. Aren't we friends, then ?" "Your Grace does me infinite honour." "And am I no good friend? Is there no value in the friendship of the King's son -the King's eldest son?" He drew him self up with a grace and dignity which be came nim wonderfully. Often in these later days I see him as he was then, and think of him with tenderness. Say wiiat you will, he made many love him even to death, who would not have lifted a finger for hiB father or the Duke of York. Yet in an instant-such slaves are we of our moods-I was more than half in a rage with him. For as we went we encountered Mistress Barbara on Lord Carford's arm. The Quarrel between them seemed past, and tney were talking merrily together. On the s'ight of hear the Duke left me and ran forward. By an adroit movement he thrust Carford aside and began to ply the lady with most extravagant and high flown compliments, displaying an excess of devotion which witnessed more admiration than respect. She had treated me as a boy, but she aid Dot tell him that he was a boy, although he was younger than I; she lis tened with heightened colour and sparkling eyeB. I glanced at Carford, and found to my surprise no signs of annoyance at his unceremonious deposition. He was watch ing the pair with _ a shrewd smile, and seemed to mark with pleasure the girl's pride and the young Duke's evident pas sion- Yet I, who heard something of what passed, had much ado not to step in and bid her pay no heed to homage that was empty if not dishonouring. Suddenly the Duke turned round and called to nie: "Mr. Dale/' he cried, "there needed but one thing to bind os closer, and here it is! For you are, I learn, the friend of Mistress Ouinton, and I am the humblest of her slaves, who serve all her friendB for her sake." "Why, what would your Grace do for my sake?" asked Barbara. "What wouldn't I?" he cried, as if trans ported. Then he added rather low, Though I fear jron're too ernel to do any thing for mine; **I am listening to the most ridiculous speeches in the world for your Grace's sake," said Barbara, with a pretty curtsey and a coquettish smile. "Is love ridiculous?" he asked. "Is pas sion a thing to smile at? Cruel Mistress Barbara!" "Won't your Grace set it in Terse?" said sin1. "Your grace writes it in verse on my heart," said he. Then Barbara looked across at me, it may be accidentally, ret it did not apnear so, and she laughed merrily. It needed no skill to measure the meaning of her laugh, and I did not blame her for it. She had waited for years to avenge the kiss that I gave Cvdaria in the Manor-park at Hatch stead; \jut it was not well avenged when I stood, humbly, in deferential silence, at the back while his Grace the Duke sued for her favour, and half the Court looked on? I will not set myself down a churl, where heart, and Hrirf to .say to herjrith my eves, "Laugh, sweet mistress, laugh! For I']0ve a girl who will laugh at you when the tramp runs in her favour. The Duke fell to his protestations again, and Carford still listened with an acquies cence that seemed strange in a the ladv's hand. But now Barbara, B modestv took alarm; the signalof co°r" "km flew in her cheeks, and she looked round, distressed to see how many watched them. Monmouth cared not a jot. l made bold to slip across to Carford, and said to him in a low tone, "Mv lord, his Grace makes Mistress Bar bara "too much marked. Can t you con trive to interrupt him?' He stared at me with a smile of wonder. But something in my look banished his smile and set a frown in its place. "Must I have more lessons in manners from you, sir?" he asued. _ "And do you include a discourse on the interrupting ol princes?" "Princes? said I. . "The Duke of Monmouth is "The King's son, my lord, I interposed, and, carrying my hat in mv hand, I w'alkert up to Barbara and the Duke. She looked at me as I came, but not now mockingly; there was rather an appeal in her eyes. "Your Grace will not let me lose my audi ence with the King?" said I. He started, looked at me, frowned, looked at Barbara, frowned deeper still. I re mained quiet, in an attitude of great defer ence Puzzled to know whether I had spoken in sheer simplicity and ignorance, or with a meaning which seemed too bold to believe in, he broke into a doubtful laugh In an instant Barbara drew away with a curtsev. He did not pursue her, but caught my arm and looked hard and straight in my face. I am happily some what wooden of feature, and a man could not make me colour now, although a woman could. He took nothing by his examma "You interrupted roe," he said. "Alas! your Grace knows how a. poor cour tier I am, and how ignorant . "Ignorant!" he cried; "yes. you re mightv ignorant, no doubt; but 1 begin to think vou know a pretty face when you 6ee it, Master Simon Dale. Well, I'll not quarrel. Isn't she the most admirable creature ali vc ?" \- "iiiad supposed Lord Carford thought so, 6l"Oh! And yet Lord Carford did not hurry me off to find the King! But you? What «ay vou to the question?" so dazzled, sir, by all the beautiful ladies.,of His Majesty's Court that I can hardly .perceive individual charms.' ; ' ffe'laughed again and pinched my arm, "\^e all love what we have not. The Duke of York is in love with truth, the King with chastity, Buckingham with mo desty of demeanour, Rochester with seem liness, Arlington with sincerity, and I, Simon Dale-I do fairly worship discre tion!" "Indeed, I fear I can boast of little, sir." "You Bhall boast of none, and thereby show the more, Simon. Come, there's the King." And he darted on. in equal good humour, as it seemed, with nimseli and me. Moreover, he lost no time on his errand, for when I reached his side {since they who made way for him offered me no such civility) he had not only reached the King'B chair, but was half-way through his story of my answer to the Duke of York; all chance of stopping him was gone. "Now, I'm d d, indeed," thought I; but I set my teeth, and listened with un moved face. At this moment the King was alone, save for ourselves and a little long-eared dog, which lay on his lap, and was incessantly caressed with his hand. He heard his son s story with a face as unmoved as I strove to render mine. At the end he looked up at me, asking: "What are these liberties which are BO dear to you, sir ?" My tongue bad got me into trouble enough for one day, so I set its music to a softer tune. "Those which I see preserved and honoured by your Majesty, said 1, bow ing. Monmouth laughed, and clapped me on the back; but the King proceeded gravely, "And this Reformed Religion that you set above my orders?" "The Faith, sir, of which you are De fender." "Come, Mr. Dale," said he, rather surlily, "if you had spoken to my brother as skil fully as you fence with me, he would not have been angry." I do not know what came over me. I said it in all honest simplicity, meaning only to excuse myself for the disrespect 1 bad shown to the Duke, but I phrased the sentence most vilely, for I said: "When HiB Royal Highness questioned me, sir, I had to speak the truth. Monmouth burst into a roar, and a mo ment later the King followed with a more subdued but not less thorough merriment. When his mirth subsided he said: "True. Mr. Dale. I am a King, and no man is bound to speak truth to me. Nor, by heaven-and there's a compensation-! to any man!" "Nor woman," said Monmouth, looking at the ceiling in apparent absence of mind. "Nor even boy," added the King, with an amused glance at his son. "Well, Sir. Dale, can you serve me and this conscience of yourB also?" "Indeed I cannot doubt it. air," said L . A man's king should be bis conscience," said the King. "And what should be conscience to the King, sir?" asked Monmouth. "Why, James, a recognition of what evil things he may bring into the world, if he doesn t mind nia ways." Monmouth saw the hit, and took It with ^5 is difficult, Mr. Dale, to Mrv* two masters," said the King, turning ^ me. "Your Majesty is my only master** I began, but the King interrupted me, going on with some amusement: "Yet I should like to have seen my brother." . "Let him serve me, or," cried Monmouth. 'Tor I am firm in my love of these liber ties, aye, and of the Reformed Religion." "I know, James, I know," nodded the King, "It is grievous and strange, how ever, that you should speak as though my brother were not." He smiled very mali ciously at the young Duke, who flushed red Then the King suddenly laughed, and feli to fondling the little dog again. "Then, sir," said Monmouth. "Mr. Dale shall come with me to Dover?" My heart leapt, for all the talk now was of Drover, of the gaiety that would be there and the corresponding dulnesB in London when the King and the Duke were gone u'. meet Madame D'Orleans. I longed to bo and the little hope I had cherished tha: Darrell'e good offices with the Secretary of State would serve me to that end ha.i vanished. Now I was full of joy, although I watched the King's faoe anxiously. For some reason the suggestion seemed to occasion him amusement, yet, al though for the most part he laughed openly without respect or matter or person he now bent over his little dog, as though he sought to hide the smile, and when looked up again it hung about his lips hl-e the ghost of mirth. "Why not?" said he. "To Dover, by a" means. Mr. Dale can serve you and n / and his principles, as well at Dover as ir! London." I bent on one knee and kissed his hand for the favour. When I sought to do the like to Monmouth he was very ready, and re ceived my homage most regally. As I roar, the King was smiling at the pair of us in a whimsical melancholy way. "Be off with you, boys," said he, a= though we were a pair of lads from the grammar school. "Ye are both fools, arM James there is but indifferently honest. But every hour's a chance, and every wench an angel to you. Do what you will and God forgive your sins." And he lay back in Vii= great chair with a good-humoured lazy, weary smile as he idly patted the little dop' In spite of all that all men knew of him, I felt my heart warm to him, and I knelt on my knee again, saying: "God save your Majesty.-' "God is omnipotent, said the King, gravely. "I thank you, Mr. Dale." Thus dismissed, we walked off together, and I was awaiting the Duke's pleasure to relieve him also of my company, when hp turned to me with a. smile, his white teeth gleaming: "The Queen sends a maid of honour to wait on Madame," said he. "Indeed, sir. It is very fitting." "And the Duchess sends one also. If you would choose from among the Duchess's -for I swear no man in his senses would choose any of Her Majesty'®-whom would you chdose, Mr. Dale?" "It is not for me to say, your Grace," I answered. "Well," said be, regarding me drolly, "I would choose Mistress Barbara Quinton." And with a last laugh be ran off in hot pursuit of a lady who passed at that mo ment and cast a very kindly glanoe at birt;' Left alone( but in & good humour that the Duke's last jest could not embitter, I stood watching the scene. The play had begun now on a stage at the end .of the hall, but nobody- seemed to heed it. They walked to ana fro, talking always, ogling, quarrel ling, love-making, and intriguing. I caught 6ight here of great ladies, there of beauties whose faces were their fortune-or their ruin, which yon wilL Buckingham went bv fine as a galley in full sail. The Duke of York passed with Mr. Hnddleston; my salute went unacknowledged. Clifford came soon after; he bowed/slightly when I bowed to him, but his heartiness was gone. A moment later Dairell was by my side, his ill-humour was over, but he lifted his hands in whimsical despair. "Simon, Simon, you're hard to help," said he. "Alas, I must go to Dover without you, my friend! Couldn't you restrain' your toneue?" "My tongue has done me no great harm," said I. "ana you needn't go to Dover alone." "What?" he cried, amazed. "Unless the Duke of Monmouth and my Lord Arlington travel apart." 'The Duke of Monmouth. What have yon to do with him?" "I Am to enter his service," I answered. roudly: "and moreover, I'm to go wit!' im to Dover to meet Madame d'Orleans." "Why, why? How came this? How were you brought this to his notice?" I looked at him, wondering at his eager ness. Then I took him by the ana, and I said laughingly: "Come, I am teachable, and I have learnt my lesson." "What lesson do you mean?" "To restrain my tongue," said I. "Let those who are curious as to the Duke of Monmouth's reasons for his favour to me, ask the Duke." He laughed, but I caught vexation in his laugh. "True, you're teachable, Simon/' said he. 