CHRISTMAS STORY. THE DAY THAT IS PAST. By LYNETTE. ,.r i way. Weigh me the weight of the Are, " ,-e me the blast of the wind, or call me °!J, day that is past"-2 Esdraa It. ' aid that between the Murray and tj,'c rrumbidgee could be found no finer pajr (heir respective kinds than Trooper ypj] ind his horse. -] e bad been heavy rains over the |an, and near the Murrumbidgee's enn nnd the sound to which the tr0, \ bent to listen at intervals as be Me by the river track, was the voi< if the newly-delivered floods, shout int ;i>ir i°y HB they rushed into fuller liff A soft wind blowing over the Rive n, wet face carried a smell of fibrous so, ml weed-flowers to man and horse, a). lie twain expanded -nostrils, t))( luoad chests swelled' in^unison.-^ud felt the deep joy of fife and breatjh, f,n ich was at the top, of his ^ondition, ' an lie man was in love. ' - t lie trooper rode hesang, and t1l£ ? pin iniz of his sabre againSi,; his boot or ; heel seemed to beat H< was in full accoutrements. The Gi rnor of New South Wales was offi- , ri.i y visiting certain Murrumbidgee tnv :>«. and Willis was one of the eacurt. Tli' rice-regal party was staying the night ' at Tatrnola, the township from whence ! W is was riding to see the girl of his lire! ,it Nalinga. Sometimes he stopped THE FIBST PIPE. (W. E. Evuns.) Ii song to answer a bird's call, throwing li s voice to a distance-for be bad ventri 1 < uial power-then laughed aloud as the d< eived bird responded in person. 1 he trooper rode until the last sunray t k a final glint at the trappings of roan a:>d horse, and the darkening landscape slewed signs of other life than theirs. A few v . lely-scattered cottages-the dwellings of K" , stiffened his face to a certain r lity, and rode as if on parade. He had ! ? ly passed this place without seeing an t military-looking man pacing the P . len, a man who always returned his f . -ite with grave courtesy. That this ? was Surgeon-Major Von Schiller, li inerly of the Imperial German Infantry, . . all the trooper Knew of him,beyond the , 1 that he had been through the Franoo ' inan war, and was an intimate friend fli t he Chertseys, and lived in the old ' itsey-house. Paul Chertsey owned all country round for half a million acres. .' - two-Rtoried pile of residence was a r up the river. i'here was a glass wing to Dr. Von ? < iiiHer's house, built for an aviary by j 'I's mother 35 years ago, but now* heavy '11 !:,ne covered three sides of the bin '""in, which was full of books and pot 1 "ts, and portraits of men in naval nnd '" litary uniforms, and guns and pipes. IM> doctor called it his lair, and in it re lv^d his visitors-who were few, only "hertseysand Ada Clayton, for ho did j1"' practise his profession. When the rooper passed, Ada was in the lair, Roing . irough a scene from Macbeth for the '"ctor's criticism. He stopped the recita with, "Fraulein, vour handsome I'olicemin has jusi gone by." 1, t u . '00';cd surprised, then annoyed, t \i thumbnail,and answered ptftu « '^ P^-ifyouw-tah." .1 wish only that vou please vourself; but p the disappointment." tears came ilrito the girl's eyes, d the doctor heatilv ndded, "As you will, i!" F^ild. on-" So Ada put one foot well forward, clenched a brown little hand on her flat chest, fixed her eyes on a por trait of Von Moltke, and proceeded to tell the slaughtering genius that "Glamis he ?was, and Cawdor, and should be what he was promised." The doctor Bat back in a big chair .smoked a long pipe, and watched her. She was speaking the lines very badly, and once he removed his pipe, looked away, and murmured, "Grosser Gott, wie schrecklich." Ada was learning German, but if she heard the remark she thought the "how horrible" was addressed to the lizards and tree-frogs that looked into the room from between the glass and the matted foliage. Ada Clayton was nineteen, of a slender angular figure, and dark hair so thick and wavy that it naturally framed her face in the fashion of to-day. Her eyes were long and henvilv lashed, and her complexion of a curious rich shade of yellow. The red cambric frock she wore was short enough to show a pair of fair-sized buttoned bonis. Two buttons were absent from the right boot, and the lack made the leather sag a little. She had paused in her dressing that afternoon to wonder if she had t.ime to sew them on. nut concluded that she had not. "Besides." she mused, "if the doctor cares for me those buttons off won't matter, and I'm sure if they were on they wouldn't help him to care, if he does not." r Ada was extremely ignorant of the ob BCtire ways by which love may be helped orAindered. . Aft$r the death of his first wife at Leip von Schiller had wandered to Aus tralia. where in time he remarried. The ggbimd wife was 25 years his junior, a kit tenish crcature, with a minimum of brains and a maximum of fair, curly hair. A year later found him wheat-growing at Nalinga. Rut no wife was with him. Mrs. Chertsey had interested him in Ada as a bright girl anxious to improve her education. From the dat*1 of her first meetins with Doctor von Schiller, his pupil had taksn a mo^t reverential interest in him. » he pondered much on what his past might be, and wondered greatly if he nad ever mar ried. Some months after she had begun studies under his guidance she was one day looking over a portfolio of photographs in the doctor's lair, when she came upon a picture of a beautiful memorial tablet. "Whose grave is this, doctor?" she asked, after trying to read the foreign lettering on the slab. "My wife's." The girl gave a little apologetic gasp, but FOUR YEARS OLD. (Foster and Uartin, Collins-street, Melbourne.) when ahe returned home at the translation of the inscription by ^ means of a dictionary and text-book. After ' a time she lifted awtsu ii. I. eyes to her mother's face, and whispeie.i. "Oh, mother, Jie'sthe widower of a <-..;:nross! Grafin means cwuntess, and she'- .\VII dead seven years." The little postinistres- - ,s greatly im pressed. Ada's reverential inter-: developed into tender sympathy. The woman's immutable longing to comfort somr'^ng was welling within her. The soldier-d ictor's image was as often in her mind as the trooper's. Be sides, it would be so nice to marry into a superior set. But she did v>t break off her engagement; she merely wi re her pearl en gagement ring in her pocket-except when she was sorting the mails, with a lot of per sons watching her hands. The postmistress and the irooper had tea together. Willis's face was moody with disappointment. "Ada will be here soon: I can't make out why she's so late," said the postmistress soothingly. "If you'd written that you were coming she'd have stayed at home." SUMMERTIME. (By tbe Eastman Co., London.) "L didn't know I could come till this afternoon. The chief himself didn't know that the Governor would be staying a night at Tarcoola. And the worst of it is I'll have to be back to join the escort at ten to-morrow morning. That means leaving here at daylight." His glance wandered always through the open door to the road leading to the doc tor'? house. Mrs. Clayton continued to gossip cheerfully. "Mr. Clovers bought all Kton'b poultry and that paddock that's full of sand- hills. He's going to try sorghum on the band hills. He s terribly mean, for he wouldn't buy a ticket for the harmonium fund." "He needs to be careful with that steed family." "Yes, indeed. Fancy six daughters! People say he behaves nasty to them, for when he comes in to breakfast of a morning, and sees the six of them sitting round the table he says, sur prised like, 'What, are you all here yet?' Mrs. Clover has been to call on Mrs. Hayes." The trooper looked up with sudden in terest. "Have the Hayeses come to live here?" he asked. "Yes; in that white house this side of Doctor von Schiller's. Ada and I are quite ourious to see Mrs. Hayes, because she's been your sweetheart-let alone her bong so pretty, according to everyone." "Does that brute Hayes treat her an' better?" "Well, Fred, there's not a lady in the land would wish for better treatment when Hayes is sober. I've heard he does the washing while she reads to him. She is fond of bin1, too, I can tell you! But he's on the drink no*?, through being down see ing the Governor's reception. The wont of it is his wife can't get away from b;m if he gets violent, for he's as good oa his feet as you are at this minute. It's only his head gets drunk." "I'd like to lay him out." "Mrs. Hayes told Mrs. Clover that she wishes the Five-finger Lagoon wasn't so close to them when her husband is drunk." The trooper rose. "It's nfe»i-Iy dark, Mrs. Clayton; I'd better ride over for Ada. It's a wonder she didn't hear or see me pass that glass room where she takes her lesson." He left the township by the route he had come. A chill wind blew up with the dusk, and Willis unstrapped his cape from the saddle, and put it on, drawing the collar up till only bis fine brown eyes looked over the edge. To the warm, ecstactic happi ness of the afternoon be fe't a recoil of dis satisfaction that depressed him in body a"3 spirit. He had not seen Ada for three month*,her letters of late had been less satisfactory tna.,- Was it possible.. The trooper shook himself as if to distrust from his mind. A three dmr moon hung in ,"the west, showing ?> Hayes's white house, and he fell back igip gloomy thoughts again, fell to wonderful if Ada was going to treat him. .as MtfjT Hayes had. Mary and he had been lovfeNt , from childhood, yet she jilted him a moructi before the day fixed for their weddiii& Jilted him for a man with pig's eyes and a mat of black hair-a man who beat her when he was drunk. Willis was riding now on the bank of a lagoon, which, from its conformation, wag known as the "Five Fingers." The water bit into the banks in the form of a mighty hand, with outspread fingers. Dense sha dows of trees lay over the water and scrub fringed banks. Where was Ada at such an hour? She would never pass this spot alone after dark "Ah, steady, steady!" It was a whisper at once to his horse and bis own heart. The one had bounded from the turf at the sound of a woman s shriek, and for the same reason the other had pumped its arteries so full that the throbs were sounding like breaking surf u> the trooper's ears. . Again the cry. # It had the piercing, carry ing power of a bird's note. ofivp me, Bflvo m6) don t let nitn throw me in the river!" He trooper sat like a bronze figure, toq collar of his cape still over hiB mouth, his eves gleaming above its edge; sat still till tne faint moon and remnant of twilight showed him a big, bare- headed, coatless man grasping a woman, with long, back-swept hair, by the shoulders as he rushed her before him to the edge of the lagoon farthest from the trooper. The man's hoarse yells and threats did not cut the air like the woman's incessant nhriek, "Save me, save me; don't throw me in the river." Her feet barely touched the grass as with extraordinary strength and swiftness her husband forced her towards the water. He was no more conscious of the trooper's pre sence and warning shout than were the dead. The woman's final scream was stifled at its height as she struck the water face down wards. Hayes stood a second, trumpeting like a rogue elephant, then with a last de fiant whoop turned and raced back to his house. The light, limn, little body that the trooper laid on the bank had not been in the water ten seconds, therefore he tried to talk it back into consciousness. He was very angry with it for its insensibility, for that forbade his following Mr. Haves, and battering that person's brains out with the hilt of his sabre, or his armed heel; any thing, so long as he might do it brutally ami thoroughly. With his former love on his rifrht arm, he rode to the nearest house-Dr. von Schiller's-and waited in the glass study whilst the doctor and liis housekeeper at tended to Mrs. Hayes. Presently th ? doctor returned. "She is conscious,-' he said, "hut she may suffer from the shock. My house keeper is a friend of hers, it seems." He gave .the trooper something from a decanter, and asked in his calm, level tones, "Did you run the man through tlie body?" Willis drank, and, smiling, an swered, " I will if 1 get the show on my way back. By the way, sir, can you give me any news of Miss Clayton? I was coming here to fetch her when the row stopped me." "Miss Clayton left here hours ago, shortly after you rode by. 1 think she stayed a little longer than usual, but I escorted her almost into the township." Trooper Willis went away, to put up at the nearest hotel. It was as he had feared. Ada was avoiding him. He felt like a noble St. Bernard dog that has been struck an unjustifiable blow. He forgot the Hayes episode, and went forward, mentally com posing the reproachful letter he would write to his love before he slept. As he went by the Five Fingers, at the spot whence he had plucked Mary Hayes nearly two hours earlier, Willis saw the gleam of a white body moving in the dark water of the back wash. "I'll be shot if I rescue any more women to-night," said the trooper. "Women treat me none too well." Yet he paused to watch the figure swim out into the open water that made a wrist for the watery hand. The swimmer was sobbing like a six years' child. Now, he would swim to dry land, and run to and fro with frantic cries of "Mary, Mary." Again he would dive from a bank, his sobs stifled in the plunge, only to reappear a moment later shouting every tender name with which love conjures. "Aha," said the trooper, "Aha; I'll have some fun. It's Hayes.' He tied his horse in shadow, crept for ward, and laid his long length on the ground. The fun-maker was as distracted with grief as he had been with drunken rage. Kneeling in the ooze of the lagoon, he raised his clenched hands to heaven, .ind entreated his God to give him back the woman he loved. He grovelled with his forehead on the earth, then rushed to the search once more, with wild cries of "Mary, Mary!" Willis was disgusted that the man should lose any time about drowning himself. "I'll lav him out," he thought. "No, by CJeorge! I'll frighten him worse. I'll haunt him." He changed his position, loosened certain buttons over his great chest, and "Save me, save me; don't let him throw me in the river!" It was the woman's awful shriek over again, and it was thrown to the spit where she had fallen. Thither Hayes staggerpd. silent now, nearly naked, a grotesque figure, covered with clinging river weeds and «o»<\ "Oh, oh, don't kill me! Save me, save" The cry ran from a different finger of the lagoon. STid died away in a hoarse gurgle, as of one choking in water. Hayes stood a moment as if stiffened, Irs hands grasping his hair, then turned, lurched a few steps as if to flee, and fell as one dead. The trooper lauehed, and rode back to the township. The windows of thepisL- oftice were blank, out Ada saw him pass. She was seated in the dark, gloating over that half hour's walk with the doctor. It was the first time he had seen her past his gate. And when he left her she had so little will to meet the trooper that she doubled on her tracks, went to a slope at the rear of the doctor's garden, and sat an hour watching the twilight glow on his windows, and pray ing that she might comfort the man who was then eating potato salad and Weafc phalian ham. ,, ? Willis spent hours, writing to4fussw»fet heart. M-tamn " "I was drunk, sir;dr^yf Z~T\\. ^ iftetfciiiB 1m FmHChert*?, JPi,ip Dr. von Schiuef, Jutd stoppedlo Amenttib c warning .'HBSfr. t, tywumip Jpptlc' ^rSgging Five MSP* Wwe running down Hayes's ? jJBpjPwfefr*^roeeks, and the squatter's sym e^pKhy was prompt. He was about to take part in the search, when the doctor ?aid something in his own language, and ' the pair moved away. When the searchers had dragged all the lagoon, they came to the conclusion that Hayes s drink-disordered imagination was playing him a trick. It was impossible for a body to be carried out of the Fingers into the main current. Mrs. Hayes had got away somewhere. Meantime, there was plenty of beer at band. Haves paid, and they drank and sat about, talking of Mary Hayes, her prettineas, her jilting of the trooper, and speculating as to Willis being still fond of her. Hayes sat apart, his head bent upon his hands. "Willis was knocking about Nalinga last night. Saw him come in at dusk and go amv at daylight." Tne man who spoke was gazing vacantly at a tree top. Some minutes' silence fol lowed, then, without moving his head, he torned his gaze on the eyes of the man op posite him. As the glances encountered, Doth men winked. A woman who had come with her husband's lunch and stayed to foarip aaw the winks, rose hurriedly, and want townahipwarda. She met a female friend on her way, and paused to make an excited communication. The female friend exclaimed, "Well, T never!" "You should hear what they are saying down at the lagoon," insisted the first sneaker. And the female friend answered, "Well, if it's true, Trooper Willis is no gentleman." An hour later a group of women, who did not even know these two by sight, went into the post office and told Mrs. Clayton that it was all over the place that Trooper Willis had car ried off Zacariah Hayes's wife at daylight, hidden nnder his cape. The post- mistress made excited protestations as to her future son-in-law's honour, and hinted that many persons who considered themselves ladies were not within measuraHed'stanceof being such. Then she went and told her daughter of the scandal, and Ada wept and declared that "Fred was behaving unbearably." Ada had got her lover's loving letter that mominer, and read and re-read it with a softening heart. But she could not give up the soldier-doctor. He had looked more melancholy than ever as he bade her good by at the river-path last evening. She loved him. Nothing but love for her teacher TMin r ?-» A|| . >? :: »s », ;.jVj4.; BEDTIME. (Stewart and bo., Bourke-Btreet',' Melbourne.) doctor reciprocated her devotion, he would not declare himself whilst she was engaged to another. Her only uneasiness in connec tion with her prospective relations with Von Schiller was caused by the regular arrival every three months of a light blue letter, directed to the doctor in aa unmistakable feminine hind. Ever since Von Schiller had come to Nalinga, these letters arrived every three months exactly. But why did he never reply to them? mused the girl. If he did so, it was under cover to his solicitors. For, be sides his German correspondence, the doctor wrote only to Messrs. Patmore and Brown, of Melbourne. To the senior partner of that firm he regularly posted a thick letter the day after he got his blue one. It was marked "private," and sealed with wax. But now the time had come to decide be tween the trooper and the surgeon- major. Ada Bat down and wrote to Willis, nary incoherency, that A "gulf had arisen between them that would probabjv break her heart. She would re lease him from bis engagement, because ru mour said he had eloped with the wife of another, and she> sincerely hoped he would vet win a worthier .bride than the broken hearted girl who signed herself for the last time-Ada." The coach that carried tlie precious note carried also Zacariah Hayes en route to Tar coola, to give himself up for the murder of telling him, after much irelimi' his wife. For some (to bim) extraordinary reason Hayes could not get himself arrested locally. Paul Chertsey refused to make out a warrant, and the other justices were ab sent, seeing the vice-regal departure. The Governor's tour was completed, and when the coach got into Tarcoola that evening, Hayes found the little township al most deserted. The inhabitants had gone to the railway station, some miles off, to see the vice-regal party into the Sydney-bound train. Hayes became an object of extreme inte rest to the few stay-at-homes of the settle ment and to a party of sheareqs camped in the balars and pines hard by., Thcv told him the "traps would be back by the dozen presently, and both parties sought to console him with proffers of drink. "Never again," said Hayes, "not even if I'm not hanged." And he promised to "stif fen" the first man who as jnueh as said "whisky" in an interrogative tone,- The shearers invited Hayes^o jfctay' with theiri for his free time. A rfnirflprer was int<^-_ resting, particnlnr'y this ihurdgrer, who said; he was ham,ted by his d,aad ellHeto. 1 After she had despatched the note that was to end her engagement, Ada came run ning from her bedr oom into the office, where her mother was sorting the just- arrived Vic torian mail. "Oh, mother, I'll be so late for my lessons! See if there's anything for the doctor." It was usual for Ada to carry the doctor's mail on the three afternoons a week that she went to his place. A glow of ex pected pride was on her face, and she was wondering how she would let the proud, tender widower of a countess know that sne was once more a free maiden. "You do look nice, Ada," said the little postmistress. "No, I don't think there's anything for the doctor, except his papers -oh, yes, I declare, here's one of those blue, letters! And it's only two months sincfe the last came. One never came out of its time before, did it, Ada?" The girl took the blue thing, and put it between a few sheets of paper that con tained exercises in translation. AJ1 the brightness had gone from her face. In vain she told herself that this letter and its predecessors were of no importance to her prospects. When she got to the river path she took it from the exercise sheets, stared at it, wished she were clairvoyant, and slipped it into her pocket. But its pre sence there seemed to weigh with a physi cal weight, like a parcel of shot, so it was brought forth once more. Ada hated the unknown woman who was trying to win her doctor. Sbe paused in her walk, and dreamily said all his names aloud, trying to pronounce them as he did- Seegismund, Yofiannes, Tayadore-with an expression of sick sentiment on her pretty face that would have greatly astonished Sigismund Johannes Theodor von Schiller. The date stamped on the envelope next came under her scrutiny, and she was holding up the envelope on a level with her eyes, when a voice said: "Aha, fair lady; we know whose love letter that is?" Ada started violently, slipped the letter back into the exercise paper, and turned her frightened face to the two men who had ridden to her shoulder umierceived. Paul Chertsey was the speaker. He laughed and rode on, but his companion, the doctor, dismounted before he spoke to ask if she brought any letters for him. "The papers," said the trirl huskily, as she began to twist her MS. into a tight wisp. "Nothing but papers," said the doctor, smiling. "Is that your exercise you are spoiling? 1 shall not be able to read it/j He mounted, bowed to bis horse's neck, and cantered after bis friend. Ada threw herself on to the grass trembling. "I would have died," she E anted, "before I'd let him know it was is letter I was holding up and trying to see through. Good heavens, I'll nave to delay it for another post now." She smoothed out the twisted exercise sheets, but when she tried to straighten the letter the envelope came apart in her bands-broken under the twisting pressure with a jagged perpendicular brealc. Ada aid not go on to her lesson. It wad a poor tear-stained, wilted creature that crept home. The untutored mind was al most unbalanced. Thoughts of suicide fleeted through it. And she sickened at the thought that she had no longer the right to seek advice of Willis. Hitherto she had told him every little trouble. Even this shameful secret she would have shared with him if it were not for the letter she had sent him that very day. All curiosity regarding the doctor's letter was swamped in remorse for the wrong she had done her adored teacher. "I dare not tell him," she sobbed, "he would not believe the truth." After much planning she decided to put the letter into a fresh envelope, in colour like that which was sopilt, imitate the unknown person's handwriting in the address, put a Victorian Btarop on it, and poat it locally, trusting to the doctor's rather short night not to notice the lack of other postmark*. "Bat first," ah* told her self, "I muet try to flatten out the creases in the letter itself with a hot iron-and Hi take care not to read a single word I Bhan't be meaner than I can help." She got the iron, and spread the letter out on a blotter, but involuntarily her ,.Ves rested on the printed heading of the ;0. vernment paper- , Pentridge Stockade, Cobur;. The girl held her breath, and let iier horrified gaze wander to where the wri' inj began:-"My Dear HuBband." The flat-iron dropped from her hanc to the floor. The postmistress came runi- ilK in, exclaiming "What'B the matter? \\\, y Ada, when did you come back?" '' Ada flung herself on her mother's bro crying hysterically, "Oh, mother, mot!rr' if I could only begin to live again fvinJ this morning. I threw over Fred, and i, w Dr. "Von Schiller's married, and his wif< is in gaol, and you'll lose your billet, moth. - oh, if I could only get back to-day!" The frightened little postmistress cm^M get no coherent explanation from li<.( excited daughter, and under the impress!,!,, that the letter was an anonymouB thing, she read it right down to the signature, "Marion von Schiller." "Of course I'll lose my billet, but the dis grace " Mrs. Clayton joined in her daughter's noisy grief. "Can't we hide it somehow, mother? It was all through an accident." "You wouldn't ask if you'd read thin She's coming out of gaol quite unexpected, and she's telling her husoand that fehe'll leave Melbourne by express on the 22nd that'B to-day-and be with him for Christ mas." "Then she'll arrive to-morrow!" "Yes. Oh, do stop that sobbing, Ada. There's nothing for it but to tell the doctor the truth. She says she might wire to him from Spencer-street. A nice mess we'll be in if he gets the wire before this letter! And she keeps telling him to meet her at Tarcoola, because she will be shy coming into his township in the coach. You can't delay the letter till another post, Ada, be cause that would leave the poor woman waiting about Tarcoola, and no one to meet her. Take it to the doctor at once. We've got to face the matter how." Braced with a strong cup of coffee, and armed with smelling salts, Ada wept her way to the doctors house, and learnt from the housekeeper ®nt the doctor had been summoned by a mfesenger from Tarcoola to meet someone wig"* would arrive bjr tr*in to-morrow afternoon. He had gone to much & "-r]jc, t han he otherwise would because he i! ? advantage of Mr. Chertsey's buggy ' -ses, instead of having to coach. Aboi! >ve to-morrow he would be back. 4,5 "turned to her mother, and both the vita agreed that the object of Von V journey was to meet hi8 wife. "a jjj 1st see him to-morrow directly upon ujg'.., val, and explain everything. ]?] > was but one other person on the jj"r hidgee that night aB wretched as the pust unstress and her daughter, and that was* Xacariah Hayes. u lien tlie larooola townsioiK began to straggle bacK alter see ing mo Ooveiuor oil, tuey were met by tue stay-a i-homes, and hastily and proudly told iliai mey had a hrst-class murderer amongst them. The shearers were playing eucnre oy i ne light of three candles tanuing ia&-~ teueii with their own grease, on a smooth stump. Hayes lay lull length on the grounti, bis head on his folded arms. A batfli of troojw;rs-part of the escort-who came rid-' . mg easily towards the camp, were eagerly mtunned that Mayes awaitea them to arrest bun. "1 hat's him with his head on hjfi paws," whispered the man who gave the , news, then he ran on to be the first to tell someone else. One of the troopers was Willis. He looked into the sur prised grave faces ol his mates, and offered tu give them a good laugh at Hayes's ex pense. The mau was haunted, he explained, and was good luu when the ghost screamed. 1 he troopers hitched their horses in a quiet spot among the balars and pines, then crept to the rear of the camp, and lay still a moment. There was no sound but the low droning voice of the card-players, no > >ml Lhe candle-lit circle. \- e, save me; don't throw me in the i i ? . iln- iearers sprang to their feet as if Hung . ;ect by the spring of a powerful lever. llaye> rose to his knees, and answered the anguished cry with gasps of "Mary, Mary." Again the shriek. "S.ive me, save 1 iie voice died away in a choking gurgle. Hayes was stampeding into the bush; his euuise might be traced by the snapping ot twigs aim breaking of branches, even wnen liis i:ioaning "Mary, Mary," had ceased. i !.e shearers were men who pobsetssed small reverence for things seen, aud great stt-piiiism about things unseen. Hence after that instant's trance of terror, when they made a combined rush, striking inui' hes as they ran towards a suspected sp>to lay the ghost, they found certain lien in uniform unhitching their horsed, ami giving out laughter of such "body'" as in i.- come only from men whose lungs are se; ,!i 40in. chestfc. Dr. Von Schiller's business with the Qr^iibouring township was to arrange the luu hase of some land. Ae Paul Chert so\ vas starting that evening for Tarcoola, tli-. -loctor decided to 'accompany and re tui with him. ' .ertsey had no groom in the buggy, and a*- ,;ie night deepened the conversation of tli> two men became more personal and in timate. The doctor was telling h» friend of the efforts he had been making of late to get the rest of his wife's Benteuce coin muted. "Patmore is doing all fee can/' he wae saying. " 1 nad a des perate hope that I might have my dar ling with me for Christmas-but her sen tence has another year to run. Oh, my God, how can I wait another year? And I am growing old!" "Three years," said Paul Chertsey, IN MISCHIEF. . (Stewart and Co.) breaking a painful silence, "that is a heavy sentence fot burning your own stable." "Not under the apparent circumstances you remember a neighbouring house took fire from ours, and a fireman was injured. The house was uninsured, but I mortgaged ray pension for five years to repay the pjvner, . If my poor Marion had only 'trusted tne!" Chertse/jturned a puzzled glance to the profile^ of the German. "Do you never -''pardon me, . Von Schiller-but do you never regret thatj marriage? Wouldn't you THE N'EW STOCKRIDER. (Crown Studios, Sydney.) STOCK 11IDERS, 0I'n AND NEW' (Crown Studios, Sydney.) recall the wedding-day of three years ago if you could?" " 'Call me again the day that is past,'" quoted the doctor absently. "No, not for one instant have I regretted it. My dar ling is no more than a grown-up, amiable child with a weak nature. She had no passions, no desire except to please me and be petted. When I sat reading or writing of a night, Chertsey, her great delight was to put up my hair-what there iB of it-in her curling-pins, and then sit for hours on the hearthrug playing with her kittens waiting for the curl to be effected. Some times she would fall asleep, and I would carry her up to her room, but if I took out the curlers instead of waking her to do it she would cry, and " His voice broke. Chertsey felt so un happy that he began to use the whip on hia horses. Presently the squatter asked, "Her brothers suggested burning the place, didn't they?' LADY (ENGAGING SERVANT).-"I OUGHT TO TELL YOU THAT WE ABE ALL STRICT TEETOTALERS HERE. I SUPPOSE YOU WON'T MIND THAT?" MARY JANE.-"OH, NO, MUM. I'VE BEEN IN A REFORMED DRUNKARD'S FAMILY BEFORE !"-("London Punch.") "Yes, they were a bad set-the men of her family. They had got into deui, and when they found my stable buildings were well insured they put poor Marion up to burning them, knowing they couid get some of the i. ftiiiauce money if the trick was not ' ^tisfcftyered. iShe must have brooded over the Uuggestf^rr ynt hysterical, for she used scarce any tired the place." 4Didn't she tell you how anxious she Vfis to 'get the money? You could have got it, you know, Von Schiller, while P. Chert had a bank balance." ''.'She did not tell me, and that hu beeh " Ine heaviest part of my punishment for *-»4hgge two years. How I must have failed to efib'W'iMif Jihe love 1 felt! How short L must have fallWVfew^Jje could not give me her confidence!" " . ?*-»n "When did you hear from herT "Two months ago. The prison regula tions allow us to correspond but once in three months. I have one happy day in every three months. No, Chertsey, I re gret many things, but marrying my poor Marion is not one of them." When the squatter and Von Schiller were nearing Nalinga, after finishing their busi ness at Tarcoola, they overtook Mrs. Hayes. She had been staying with the doctor's housekeeper since the trooper rescued her two nights ago, and had left her bed that afternoon to return to her home. But, as her husband had apparently deserted the house, his wife merely fed and watered her fowls and dog, left a note on the table stating where she could be found, and was returning to her friend the housekeeper, when Paul Chertsey bade her do the rest of her journey in his buggy. Ada Clayton, hovering miserably in the doctor's garden ready to produce the de layed letter and confess, felt her strength give way when she saw the doctor hana a lady out of the trap and lead her deferenti ally into his house. This, then, tkw " THE HOLY FAMILY." BY MUTRILLO. (The Autotype of the Original v,as Kindly Lent by Messrs. ltobertson and Moffat.) A PEEP OP RIVER FORTH, TASMANIA. (Arthur Garner.) Marion Von Schiller. In a sense the girl was relieved, for the thought had weighed heavily on her that the doctor's wife might Hrnve uninet and wander alone into Na Impi. She sought the housekeeper and aske.J to see the doctor. "The doctor is dressing to go to dinner with Mr. Chertsey," said the woman. "Omldn't you send your message?" Ada intimated that what she had to say would take a long time. "Then you can't say it this evening, my dear? The doctor won't be home till late. If it's important write it, and send by yum telejiiiiph-boy." Ad;i jumped at the suggestion. Writing her confi'i-sion would spare her so much more than speaking it. What did an extra May iv, 'i 'T now. All the same, the pro bible In r nent of the next act was full ui terror .>n was at the door of the post office when Ada got home. It was Mrs. Chertsey's, and Mrs. Chertsey herself was within sending off dozens of telegrams to the friends she expected for her Christmas house party. May Chertsey, the dashing, handsome, scatterbrained young matron, never wrote letters while there were tele graph forms and an operator within reach. "Well," said the lady to Ada, "have you been for your lesson? The doctor's not home, is he?" "Yes, I saw him and Mr. Chertsey come back, but I didn't stop. The doctor bad a lady with him." "A lady"-Mrs. Chertsey faced round from the desk at which she stood-"what was she like?" "Very pretty, little, with fair hair." "Very curly hair?" "I didn't notice the back. Her fringe was curly." odtot (B. 0. Botke, Daylesford.) PAUSE ON THE BRINK. CHILD STUDY. (Talma and Oo., Swans ton-street, Melbourne.) "And she went in with the doctor! It's his wife, of course"-the postmistress had turned on her stool from the telegraph in strument, and was listening with a fright ened expression-"Oh, I suppose it is news to you, Mrs. Clayton, that the doctor has .a wife. There's another wire, forty-three \vnrd6. If you like to 6trike out all the abusive language you can reduce it to eix WASTEPAPER BASKET. teen. How much money do you want? Seven pounds ten! Fee, fo, fum; I smell the blood ; no, I don't. I hear the rattle of the coach. You dear little postmistress, sort my mail this minute." The mail-bag was brought in by the office boy, and Airs. Clayton and her daughter took it to an inner room, and made haste to select Mrs. Chertsey's mail. A small, meek-faced young woman, dressed in black serge, covered with a cream-hued dust cloak, came timidly into the office. Mrs. Chertsey etared at her, frankly curious, for May was as unaffectedly interested in strangers to the township as any local schoolgirl. "She would be quite pretty," May was thinking, "if she didn't gum her hair off her forehead in that fashion. Come to cash a monev- order for 10/, I suppose." The meek-faced stranger looked again at the handsome woman, and asked, in a voice almost inaudible from nervousness, "Can you please tell me how far it is to Dr. von Schiller's house '-noout two miles," said May, brightly, "but it's a very pretty two miles." "Do you know if the doctor is away from home?" "Oh, he's back. He aud his wife got back to-day." "Has he-has he got married?" The stranger was blinking very long brown eye lashes, and plucking a telegraph form to pieces. "Long ago," said linnet-brained May. INTERESTED. (B. C. Boake, Dajlesford.) "I'm going to see ilrs. von Schiller now; let me drive you over." The biowu eyelashes blinked a refusal, and just then tiie postmistress came in with tue Cnertsey mail. At ay got into her phaeton, ana drove to von bcmlier s. in the glass lair she touml the doctor and her husband. "i euppotse you came to round us up?'' said l'iiui. ".No, 1 didn't," said May the uncompro mising; "1 came to see the lady you brought in lue uuggy witii you." Both men laugned, and Chertsey ex plained. "on," said May, blankly; "what a little idiot Ada is. Come on. It is six- tturiy." The post-office meseuger banded a packet to Dr. von tocliiuer as tie aim tinj bust sat eiiioking alter dinner. Ibere were two en closures. ihe doctor read both, and rose to his leet. His Lauds were shaking, his eyes blazing, "lhat little fiend," lie t>egac>, paused, and men continued, "1 can't sto > to make long explanations, Chertsey. Ai - wiie arrived to-day lioin Alelbounie. Hei sentence wai commuted at a few days' notice; she saved somebody's child's iiie. Will you order a buggy quickly, my friend." Paul gave the order, then ran to the draw ingrijoui and lnaue a hurried report to kio wite. fehe looked up with starued eyes, exclaiming, "Oh, why didn't I hold my tongue!" Then she swept into the doctor's presence, and clasping her hands round his arm went on, "I was speaking to your wife in the post-oihce to-day! I would have known her from her photos if she hadn't plastered back all her hair. Oh, I am sorry! I told her your wife was home with you. it was that Airs, liayes-". . . (Jlierif-ey drove the doctor nome nrsl. The housekeeper had no news for them. From there they drove 10 the post-olhee, but Murion von Schiller wagrJU)t in the township. '? ' V;^,. "She may have started fd^s^\£buae;"' said Chertsey, turning pie horses towards. the long stretch of plaim.beJween fhe lagoon ' and his place. "You .told hferi'&y; .wife would befriend her, didnV you? lor (*oQ'« sake, Von Schiller, stojK^ta^ing at tlit river. She wouldn't be sucTi.^/om." . "A weak nature, Chertsey. ' Sj^.ci|U)ot predict what a grown-up child~\wll-.iJUjL What is that noise-cattle?" "Yes; it must Ijl- Agnevv's fat stock going to Narandera. He wrote me some would pass this way." A stockman, noting the buggy lights in the rear of the herd, rode back, ana asked Chertsey not to pass the mob for a few minutes. "We'll turn off presently," he added; "fo you won't have to slow down long." "You have had some trouble with them?" asked the squatter. "Awful. They're full of devilment and good grass." "Well, this paddock is fenced, so you wouldn't have much trouble even with a break-away." "Oh, we're all right now. He rode back to nis place, and the buggy crawled behind the herd. Save for a few patches of scrub, the track lay clear and shadowless under the December night, and bate of any hint of the stampede impend ing* splendid white beast at the head of the mob neard .ometbing in a little patch of bracken ahead, stopped lowing, lowered his broad, curly forehead, and sniffed. His nearest fellows did likewise, and that which had been heard was seen-firet by the beasts, then by the stockmen. A small figure, with a white, flapping cloak, it rose from the bracken, and began to run. If it cried aloud no man might hear it, because of the clash of horns, the bellowing, the stamping of hoofs, the shouts of the drovers, and the crackle of stockwhips. The stampede was utter and swift. Be fore Chertsey could regain control of his frightened horses ever}' horned thing had fled towards every point of the compass. After the first vain attempt to head them off, the infuriated 6tockmen, remembering that the paddock was fenced, did not follow, but galloped up and surrounded what had caused the stampede. "Why, it's a woman!" exclaimed one, and the curses were stopped and the threaten ing stockwhips lowered. Paul Chertsey beard. "Stay where yati are, doctor," he said, and, flinging the reins to his groom, he jumped from the bnjrsv and ran forward. The woman had sunk to the ground sob bing, with her hands over her face. "Are vou Mrs. Von Schiller?" asked Paul. "Yes." Chertsey was a big man. He just swooped down, caught the woman up in his arms, and ran back to the buggy. "Your wife, doctor," and he put her into the eager arms held out to receive her. Something the German said, almost under his breath-a few simple words in his own tongue, but the profoundness of love in the lowered tone might not oe expressed by the whole range of his language. "Drive the doctor to his own house," said Chertsey to his groom; "I'll walk home." He turned ana went over to the sullen group of stockmen making prepara tions to camp. "Look here, boyB. I'll LITTLE GUTTERSNIPE (WHO IS GETTING QUITE USED TO POSING).-"WILL YER WANT ME TER TIKE MY BUN DOWN?"-("London Punch.") see you don't lose by this. Now, go up to my place-you see those lights-you'll find plenty of Christmas tucker about." "So I etole Hayes's wife, did I?" mused angry Trooper Willis, as he sat with Ada's letter in hie hand, after scaring Hayes into the hush. "All right, my girl. If you think I'm that kind you're much better without me. And I'll just write and tell you so." He called to a Nalinga trooper, who had been in the escort, "Will you leave a note for me at your post-ofiice?" "'If you let me have it now. I'm going home to-night. Too hot riding in the day time." Willis wrote his letter at once. It was given to the Nalinga ir.an; then Willie got a few ol hia mates and started to find Hayes. After some hours' search, they found the man trying to hang himself with strips of his clothing, which would persist in break ins; under a strain of fourteen etone. Willis told him enough to assure him that his wife was alive, and they were taking him into the township to feed him, when a big horse CHRISTMAS ON A TRADING SCHOONER. strolled by grazing. Hayes made a dash caught the animal by the mane, sprang on its Back, and bolted into the night. When he reached hiB house he found his wife's note. Later he found his wife, aJ later still she told her friend the house keeper that she didn't so much mind thrown into the river, but tehe strong!. 0b jected to her husband falling on his I ;eea and kissing her feet. Ada Clayton sat at the telegraph ii. tru ment. She had been sitting there all that forenoon, after reading the letter the con stable had delivered, wiring entreaties to her trooper to come to see her, but no answer had he returned. And now the operator at Tarcoola, who was a friend of hers, tapped the sympathetic message, "You might meet your young man if you ride about the Balar track this evening, lie and a lot of his mates have been hurried of! to chaee horsestealers." The Balar track was eome six miles at its nearest point from Ada's place. Since late afternoon the girl had been riding lu r pony there, and now it was on the verge f dusk. Ada had ridden all the tiiuc in one direction, seeing no habitation but bull-ant hills and no life but crows. And when at last she tunned her horse'« head for home she thought nervously up m the many miles and the darkening track. When the moon rose it saw the fat trotting briskly, and its rider still peiri -r eagerly to leftand right over the scant i. wooded countrv. But as the miles slip; I behind hope died out of the girl's lie;] and presently large tears fell, and a!n ; THE BATHER. . ' tinstone, O'Shannessy, and Oo.) nly she cried aloud her lover's 'ie sound a horse grazing in the f1i.mIi s snorted, flung up its head, and dashed straight across the pony's track. Ada >*w it distinctly for a second in the nmnnlight-a big chestnut, with dangling stirrup irons, and broken trailing bridle. The girl was no longer nervous. She rn<)c hither and thither among the tree she scanned every shadow, and pooied at every prone log; she covered miles "f enimtrv on either side of the track, call ins always upon her lover's name. It was Iiit pony's exhaustion that made her pause ;i" i think of the time- midnight. When tin pony felt the reins loose on his neck he ste:-pod out briskly in another direction, aii'! Ada knew he was making for a certain u.i;erhole, to which she could not have '"'d him. 'I 'm little patch of water gleamed faintly mi !.T the starlight amongst a fringe of strings, and round about %vere big old g'ii'.s and thorny clumps of wild irishman. A'11 was too thirsty to be fastidious, so h'»so and rider drank at the same time ft" "\i opposite sides of the pool. N - the girl rose to her knees-for she h:' ! drunk lying on her chest-a voice SP ' e softlv from the black shadow of a tp'>. /'Merry Christmas, Miss. Nice water, t ' t it?" and the speaker chuckled. ho girl grasped the undergrowth with h : nerveless Hands, turned her terrified in the direction of the voice, tried to .r" from her knees, and failed. '.tther late for a young lady to be out or own," continued the voice. "Sorry ' 'i't offer to see you home, but 1 can't II: ? " i's stiffened lips moved spasmodically ' ' minute before she could whisper /hat is the matter? Are you hurt?" /<>, my dear. Darbies is the matter, di' ;es, and a cable round me and this ti. '' a sprang to her feet. "Who did it?" cried, all her terror gone. "Was it 11 iper Willia?" , was not officially introduced to the answered the courteous horse or, "but if you'd know him when you >iiin take a look at him. lie's lying '* in front of me with a gun in his ttst, 61' ncnin' he's asleep." . t there waa no pretence about the tr icr's sleep. He slept through utter ,m oxhaustion, and it was not till a girKs <it' iished cry was in his ears and a girl's ar' < were round his neck tliat he awoke. , /uia!" " "tried to rise, but sank back w»th a H"; d between a groan and a curse. you've kilted him," sobbed the girl. ^ , )ny dear, dear one; he's dying." . l> threw herself on the ground beside . jiooper, and tried to raise his head to ? 111 J;iiee. . billed him!" exclaimed the horse-stealer /' hurt tone. "He's leg's broke, that's '?.and his horse did that when we were < V about cloBe to Iub hoofs, just as the 11 'ties had been snapped. Speak out n! W' ^PPie,' in the presence of the wit ss' ^n't that true? Why. you tied me '.ii 80 y°u can't be so nad." Mold your tongue," answered Willis, ""dpi- j iK°^ ^'8 ^ead against her shoul " i,'. anff although she was crying into hib fn««aP'? was otherwise behaving 80 satiB ar. j°f , y t'iat the trooper closed his eyes, an . t 'at his position was on the whole ar'^viable one. j horee-stealer who presently ^Kgested that things might be pleasanter if venue were changed to the township, which was close by. For himself, he had eaten nothing since morning; the trooper needed a doctor; and for the rest, it was TRACK TO ST. CRISPIN'S WELL, MT. WELLINGTON. (L. Byron Morres.) long after midnight, and the young lady Then, like the decent horse-stealer that lie was?, the man averted his t'ace, and whistled softly, so that he should not see or hear, as the trooper held the girl to his breast for a minute and whispered direc tions ere she rode away to bring help. When the vaterhole was glimmering THE CHORISTER. (Richards and 0o., Ballarat.) 1 under the first faint promise of the twenty fifth of December BUD Ada was back at the place with men and horses and a litter. She feared, they might take her trooper to ;he hospital instead of to her mother's house f she were not by to order arrangemeuts. 