COUNTRY NEWS [FROM OUR OWN OOBIUSPOMDKirSB.} BURNIE. The " Black Stars " gave an entertainment on Wednesday evening, 15th Inst., in the Town ball, in aid of a case of distress in our midst, that of Robert Morris, who some weeks ago met with an accident at the wharf, cutting his foot badly with an adze. The net proceeds realise 1 about £6, which have been handed over to the sufferer. The " stars " are a local company of young men, musically inclined, and kind hearted, who have on several occasions got up benefits for distressed members of our community. On this occasion two farces were performed, The Dough and The Ghost, interspersed with songs Messrs. R. Scott and M. Southwell took a prominent part in the entertainment, while C. Brown acted as pianist. After the entertainment an old man named Green, who acts as assistant caretaker for Mrs. Conolly, was putting out the lamps, and somehow managed to slip from the table on which he was standing ; the fall was a heavy one. Green fractured his hip-bone, and was carried home by R. Scott and Constable O'Halloran, where he was attended by Dr. Rooke, and is progressing as favourably as his age and ailments will allow. The directors' report of the Emu Bay Butter Factory Co. Limited, to be presented at the seventh ordinary general meeting to be held in the Town-hall at Burnie on Saturday, 25th inst., states that the milk supply for the year was 16 000gal, less than the quantity received during the previous year. This deficit was principally attribut- able to the dry spring causing a scarcity of feed and consequent shortness of milk in summer and autumn. The prices obtained for batter and cheese were highly satisfactory, and resulted in a margin over working expenses of £536 7s. 3d. Of this amount £150 has been transferred to a reserve fund, and the balance will be distributed in paying a 10 per cent dividend to shareholders, and in giving bonuses to both milk suppliers and shareholders. The proposed appropriation account stands thus Dr. Pay dividend, 10 per cent, on share capital, £142 ISs,; bonus to milk suppliers, £142 13s.; bonus to shareholders, 10 per cent, on share capital, £142 13s. £427 19s.; Income tax on above, and carry forward balance, £37 15s. 7d, £465 14s. 7d. Cr Balance from profit and loss account, £465 Hi. 7d. 