MEN OF MUSCLE. Glants that have Figurod in the Past. Of the wonderful athletes of all ages Milo of Crcton is perhaps the most known. lie once ran a mile with an ox on his shoulders; then with a blow ol his fist he killed the beast, and ate it in one day. The strongest man could not take from Milo a pomegranate which he held between his two fingers, although a woman lie loved is said to have done it. lie could break, by contracting his veins and muscles, a cord tied round his forearm. One -day, being in a house with some pupils of Pythagoras, the ceiling threatened to fall in, tut Milo supported the column on which it rested, thus giving his friends time to escape. His death is well known. lie tried to tear asunder the trunk of a tree, but his hands got pinched in the wood, and being unable to disengage them he perished, devoured by wild beasts. T'heagenes of Thasos, who, with a body like that of Apollo and the strength of HIercules, surpassed all his rivals in all kinds of exercises, won over ,.too00 prie. Rurybate, Chilo, Euthymnos, and Astydalirls wonr also renown as won derful athletes. The strength of Satisorn is too well known to need description here. The Roman Emperor Calus Julius V\'eus Maximus was a mIarvel of strength, being able to squeere the hardest stone to powder with his fite gers. Ile was upwards of eight feet in hcight, and his wife's bracelet could serve him as a finger ring. Stlvius of Rome could walk up a ladder carrying coo prounds on his shoulders, coo piounds in his hands, and :oo pounds fastened to his feet. Athanatus could run round the arena carrying 500o pounds fastened to his feet. locus could hold the inost futious bull and tear away his horns as easily as one would pull up radishes. Scanderbcrg, King of Albania, who lived in the fitteenth century, was re puted the strongest marn of his time. iHe was a man of great stature, and the power of his arnm was such that he thought nothing of cutting two nten in halves with one single blow of his sword. \- Francis of Vivonne, Lord of Chas. teignerave, who lived at the court of Francis I. of France, could stop a bull by seizing it by the horns. Louis dte Boutlers, who lived in tile sixteenth century, could break a bar of iron with his hands. The stronge.st man could not take from himt a ball which he held between his thumb and first finger. . While standing up, with no support whatever, four strong soldiers could not move him ;he remained as firm as a rock. Sometimes lie amused himself by taking on his shoulders his own horse, fully harnessed,.and with that heavy load he promenaded the public square to the great delight of the in. habitants. At about the same time there lived a Spantard named Piedro, who could break the strongest handcuffs that could be put round his wrists, Hie folded his arms on his chest, and ten men pulling in different directions with ropes could not unfold them. Augustus II., Elector of Saxony, was a man of great strength ; he could carry a man in his open hand. One night he quietly threw out of a window a monk who paraded the palace, pre tending to be a ghost. Augustus's son, the famous Maurice, Marechal de Saxe, who commanded the French at Fiontenoy, was also a marvel of strength. On one occasion he twisted with his fingers only a long nail into a corkscrew, with which he drew the corks of half-a-docen bottles, lie could treak with his hands th,: strongest horseshoe. One day wh,' in l.ondon he had a row with a dustman, t hen he sri :ed the mnan by the head, and thrown!g him in the air, let hin drop right in the middle of his ownl dust iait. The only opplotcnt who surcclded in re. sistinsg himt was a wolmani, a Milhe ('autihl r, all a tress. Mas.uiIe' triiid with her tie see who (. ,:,l put down ite othrci's wrist, and aftre i Ia lng strigc 'li'ie won. but with the lreatlut diffieulty,. rhe power of M1llr. Gauthier's atlr was far beyon? the common, and with her fingers she roll up silver plates as easily as any one would paper. Thomas Topham, born in London in 71to, was a man posssed of cxtra. ordinary strength. lie once lifted three casks filled with water and weigh ing in all r,836 pounds. lte is said to have had the combined strength of Ia men. lle could bend a stout bar of iron by holding the two ends with his hands, placing the middle of the hat behind his neck, and bringing the two ends forward, lie could also iund what he had done-that is, straighten the bar again, a much more difficult feat. lie broke a rope fastencd to the ground that would sustain 2,oo: pounds wcight, and lift.ed an oak table six feet lonn with his teeth, though a half hundredweight was hung at the extremity. With one hand he raised a man who weighed 27 stone. Once, seeing a watchman asleep in his box, he carried away both man and box a long distance. It is said of him ,that having; been placed on some duty at the entrance gate of a racecourse, he refused to allow a four-horse coach to go through ; on the driver whipping up his horses and attempting to pass, ''ophamn took hold of the hind wheels of the coach and upset it and its occu. pants into the roadway. Tupham, who kept a public-house in Islington, had a wife who quarrelled with him to such an extent that she drove him to commit suicide. I ler cules, Samson, Milo, and many othet wonticrs of bodily strength had to give way to a woman?; so did Topham, ap. parently. At about the same time as Topham theie lived another wonderfully strong man.t, Richard Joy, whose feats may possibly have got mixied in records with those of Topham. Richard Joy was already renowned for his marvel lous strength before Topham was born. lie was comnmonly known as the " Kentish Samson" and the "Strong Man of Kent." Among other things, he could cope successfully against any powerful horse, lift a ton weight, and snap a rope that bore 3,500 pounds s ithout breaking, the latter being far m,,e extraordinary than 'I'opham's similar feat. Ile was drowned In a smuggling ex pedition some ten years before 'l'op. harn's death, and is buried in the churchyard of St. Peter's Church, near Broadstairs. A Scotchman, said to be the last of the Stuarts, was also possessed of ex. traordinary strength, from which cir. cumrsrance he got the byname of Jemmy Strength. -Among other feats he could carry a 2.;.pounder cannon, and had been known to lift a cartload of hay weighing a ton and a half upon his back. Many a time he took up a jackass, and carrying it on his shoul. ders, walk'dl through the toll gate. A BIel:ian giant could stand up unlder two tU?ns. Jonathan Fowler, a Massachussetts fisherman, once walked out knee deep through the mud and filth of a sea shore at low tide to a shark left by the retiring waters, shouldered it, and brought it alive on his back to the shore. The shark weighed Soo pounds -quite a load, consideriug that it was not the most portable of articles, and that the man had to wade through mud. 1)r. \'inship, the well-known Ameri. can athlete, raised froni the ground 1,400 pounds. A seaman on board the celebrated cruiser, the Alabama, a Scotchman named Gill could lift a man at arm's length with one hand. Abraham Lincolp, the martyr Presi' dent, was a man of great strength. Ile could with one blow bury an axe in the trunk of a tree 'deeper than any other man, and he is said to have thrown across the roadway a pigeon. house weighing doo pounds. 