THE LIGHT THAT CASTNO SHADOW. Curions stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live amontr the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. T.at ly a German professor visited the “adepts,” as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interes'ed him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscript. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well ” I can't see how to read, here,” said the “ Then we will have some light,” was the reply, and immediat-ly (the professor says) a soft pearly lieht brightened the cave. .He coulf not tell whence it came, hut he not'ced it had one strange quality —if cast not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its proof is affirmed by a man of vast learning and hich charai ter, and you who now rend it have no reason for doubt except th»t all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one’s own experience. Dr Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has be^n ill foryears.and fails to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doobt could result from his experience ? Take an example:— “In the spring of 1881," writes our correspondent, *• I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my ttomaoh was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I bad pain and weight at the ohest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat np a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, hot had always a scnBe of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Peigel’s Syrup, and procured a supply. After ,1 had taken only a few doses I found relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reaBoa at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it nsed, I norv gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I think Mother Seigel’s Curative Syrnp, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to Bend you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr Griffiths’s candid letter and the story about! he light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, hot it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the ' other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer 1 letters of inquiry, and can bo found at his address. Finally, there is nothing myBtie or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease—indiges tion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illnees and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people beliove all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 