THE BBEMON. "TIME FOR THEE TO WORK." (PROM "THE SECRET AXD OTHER SERMONS," BY ALEXANDER JlACLAHEN, D.D.) PSALM cjd*, 126-8. It is time lor Thee, Lord,, to work: for they have made void Thy Law. Therefore I love Thy commandments-aixnre gold; yea, above fine gold. Therefore I esteem all Thy precepts concerning idl things to be right; and I hate every false way. - If much that we hear be true, a society to cir culate Bibles is ft roost irrational and wasteful expenditure of energy and money. We cannot ignore the extent and severity of the opposition to the veiy idea of Revelation, even if we would; we should not if we could. We are told, with some exaggeration-'the wish being father to the thought-that the educated mind of the country has broken with Christianity—a statement which is equally remarkable for its accuracy aud for its modesty. But it has a basis of truth in the widespread disbelief diffuse, through the literary and so-called cultivated classes. There is no need to spend your time In referring at length to facts which are only too familiar to most of us. Every sphere of knowledge, every form of literature, is enlisted in the crusade. Periodicals that lie on all our tables, works of imagination that your daughters read, newspapers, that go everywhere, are full of it. Poetry, forgetting her lineage and her sweetness, strains her voice in rhapso dies of hostility. Science, leaping the hedge be yond which she at all events is a trespasser—or, in finer language, "prolonging its gaze backwards beyond the boundary of experimental evidence" or, in still plainer terms, guessing—affirms that she discerns in matter the promise and potency of every form of life; or presently, in a devouter mood, looking on the budding glories of the spring, declines to profess the creed of Atheism. Learned criticism demonstrates the impossibility of supernatural religion. The leader of an in fluential school leaves behind him a voice hollow and sad, as from the great darkness, in which we seem to hear the echoes of a life baffled in the attempt to harmonise the logical and the spiritual elements of a large soul: "There may be a Cod. The evidence is insufficient for proof. It only amounts to one of the lower degrees of probability. He may have given a revelation of His will. There are grounds sufficient to re move all antecedent improbability. The ques tion is wholly one of evidence; but the evidence required has not been, and cannot be, forthcom ing. There is room to hope for a future life, but -there is no assurance whatever. Therefore cultivate in the region of the imagination merely those hopes which can never become certainties, for they are infinitely precious to mankind." Ah, brethren, do we not hear in these dreary words the cry of the immortal hunger of the soul for. God, for the living God? The concessions they make to Christian apologists are noteworthy, but that unconscious confession of need is the most noteworthy. Surely, as the eye prophesies light, so the longing of the soul and the capacity for forming such ideals is the token that He is for 4¥itadwi4>«fBR the ttttkBal Bible Society of footed^ ^ . ..TTT^;. -..TTz whoa heart and flesh do thus yearn. And bow Hewd is it to set over against these dreary ghost* that call HMmdna hopes, and that pathetic T»in attempt: to And refuse in the green fields of the imagination from the choking dust .of the logical arena, the old faithful words-"ThU is the record, that" God hath given to us eternal life, and that this life is in His Son"! But my object in referring to -these forms of opinion was merely to prepare the way for my sub sequent observations; I hare no intention of deal ing with anyof them by way of criticism or refu tation. This is not the placc nor the audience, nor am 1 the person, for that task. But I have thought that.it iqight not be inappropriate to this occa sion if I were to afiJcyou to consider with"ihe, from these -words, the attitude of mind and heart to God's word which becomes the Christian in times of imposition. T:ie Psfixinisf was surrounded, as would appear, by widespread defection from God's law. But in stead of trembling as if the sun were about to ex pire, he turns himself to God, and in fellowship with Him sees in all the antagonism but the pre monition that He is about to act for the vindica tion of His own work. Hist confidence finds ex pression in the sublime invocation of our text. Thefi, with another movement of thought, the con-, temptation of the departures makes him tighten .his own hold on the law of the Lord, and the con tempt of the gainsayers quicken his love-"There J?re, ' love," Sec. And, as must needs be the case, that love is the .measure of his abhorrence of the opposite: atad because God's commandments are so dear to him, therefore he" recoils with healthy hatred from false ways. So, I think, we Have a fourfold representation here of our true attitude in . " j,e antagonism,-calm confidence in God s work for His law; earnest prayer, which secures the forth-putting of the' divine energy: an increased intensity of cleaving to the word; and a decisive opposition $o the ways which make it void. I ask your attention to some remarks on each of thesfe in their order. So, then, we have- " I. Calm confidence that times of antagonism evoke God's work for His word. daresay that some of you feel that is not the first thought that should be cxcited by the opposition around us. "We have no sort of doubt, you may say, "that God will take care of His own word, if there be such a thing; but the question that presses is, Have we it in this book? Answer that for us, and we will thank you; but platitudes about God watching over His truth are naught. The first thing to do is to meet these arguments and establish the origin of Scripture. Then it will follow pf itself. that it will not perish." - ' ¥ - ' take leave to think we, as Christians, are not bound to revise the foundation belief ®f our lives at the call of every new 'antagonist. Life is too short for that. There is too much work waiting to suspend our activity till we liave answerea each denier. 'We do not hold our faith in the Word of God as the winners at a match do their cups and belts, on condition of wrestling for them with any chal lenger. It is a perfectly legitimate position to saJ'. We hold a ground of certitude, from which of this strife of tongues is able to dislodge us. \\\ e have heard Him ourselves, and know that this is the Christ. The Scriptures which we have received, not without knowledge of the grounds on which .controvenalists defend them, have-proved themselves to us by their own witness. The light is its own proof. We have the experience of Christ and His law. _ He_ has saved our eouls; He hag changed our lives." We know in whom we have believed; and we are neither irrational nor obsti nate when, we atfow that we will not-pretend to j suspend these convictions on the issue of any de bate. We decline to dig up the" piles of the bridge that carries us over the abyss because voices, tcll us that is rotten. It is shorter and perfectlv' reasonable to answer, "Rotten, did you say? Well, we hive tried it, and it Wars;" wKich, being translated into less simple 4anguage, is just the assertion certitude built on lacts and experience i which leaves no placc for doubt. All the opposi.-,' I tion will be i>roken into spray against that rock j bulwark: '"thy words were found, and 1 did eat' tlicm, and they are the joy and rejoicing of my heart." So I venture to think that, speaking to Christian men and women, I have a ripht to speak on the basis of our common belief, and to encourage them to cherish it, notwithstanding^ gainsayers. I am not counselling stolid indifference to the course of modern thought nor desertion of the duty of de fence. We are not to say, "God will interfere- I need do nothing." But the task of controversv is not for all Christians, nor the duty of following the flow of opinion. There is plenty of more pro fitable work than that for most of us. The temper which our text enjoins is for us all; and this calm confidence, that at the right time God will work for His Word, is its first element. This confidence rests upon our belief in a divine Providence that governs the world, and on tli» observed laws of its working. It is ever His method to send His succour after the evil has been developed and before it has triumphed. Had it ] come sooner, the priceless benefits of struggle, the : new perceptions won in controversy of the many sided meaning and value of His truth, the vigour from conflict, the wholesome sense of our weak ness, had been lost. Had it come later, it had come too late: So He times His help, in order that we may derive the greatest possible benefit from both the trial and the aid. We have all been dealt with so in cur personal histories, whereof the very motto might be, "When I said my foot slippeth. Thy mercy, 0 Lord, held me up." Hie same law works on the wider platform. The enemy shall be allowed to pass through the breadth of the land, to spread dread and sorrow through village and hamlet, to draw his ranks round Jerusalem, as a man closes his hand on some inseet lie would crush. To-morrow, and the assault will be made; but to-night "the angel of the Lord went forth and smote the camp; and when they arose in the morning," expecting to hear the wild war cry of the conquerors as they stormed across the undefended walls, "they were all dead corpses." Then, as it would appear, a psalmist, moved by that mighty victory, cast it into words, which remain for all generations the law of the divine aid, and imply all that I am urging now: "The Lord is in the midst of her, she shall not be moved; the Lord shall help her at the dawning of the morning." True, we are iio judges of the time. Our impatience is ever outrunning Ilis calm deliberation. An illusion besets us all that our conflicts with unbelief Are the severest the world has ever seen; and there is a great deal of exaggeration on both sides at present as to the real extent and .importance of existing antagonism to' God's revelation. A widespread literature pro vides so miany-I -would not say empty- spaces for any voice to reverberate in, that both' the sUbuters and the listeners are apt to fancy the assailants are an army when they are only a handful, armed mainly with trumpets and pitchers. There have been darker days of an tagonism than these. He believeui shall not make haste. This confidencc in - the punctual wisdom of His working involves the other belief. that if He does not "work," it is because the j time is not yet ripe; the negations and contradic-1 lions have still an office to fulfil, and no hurt J that cannot be repaired has been done to the faith i>( the Church or the power of the word. Nor can we forecast the manner of His working. He can call forth from the solitary sheepfolds the defenders of His word, as has ever been His wont, raising the man when the hour bad come, even as He sent His Son in the fulness of time, lie can lead science on to deeper truth; He can quicken His Church into new life; He can guide the spirit of an age. We believe that the history of the world is the unfolding of His will, and the course of opinion guided In its channel by the Voicc wliicb the depths hare obeyed from of eld. Therefore, we wait for his working, expecting no miracle, prescribing- no time, hurried by no impatience, avoiding no task of defence or* con fession; but knowing that, unliasting and un resting He will arise when the storm is loudest, and somehow will say, "Peace! Ix> rtill." Then they who had not cast away their confidence for airy fashion of unbelief tint passeth away will rejoice "as they sing," "Lo! this is our God; we liave waited for Him, and lie will save us." This confidence is confirmed by the history of alt the.past assaults on Scripture. ^Thc-^-hole history of the 'origin, collection, preservation, transmission, diffusion, and present influence of the Bible involves so much that is surprising, and unique as to aniouct to. at least a strong presumption of . divine care. Among all the remarkable things about the Book, nothing is more remarkable than that there it is, after ftU that has happened. . Witen we think of the gaps Md losses in ancient literatim, and the long stormy centuries that lie between us and its earlier pages, we can faintly estimate the chances against their Ymsenrattoo. It is atnujge that the JewMi race aboeld have so jealously pre served book* which certainly did not flatter natto-l jwiite, witch a rafrtifyliig sA^ro&sjssr; should haveguarded the letter of the word Is th* coral insects painfully build up their waUsromS some fair island of the Southern Sea \VhJ? thu'ks of the g«.t ^WSJ-JSS \--f-j1 Testaments, of the variety of authors, perujds, subjects, literary form, the MimoriOefS ^nstlan and Jew, it is strange that we have the Book, here one, and that all*these; parts shonM blend into unity, unless the source flridthcme Wen* one. and.One Hand had shaped each, and w the gathering together of all. ror It has been demonstrated over and over again to have no pretenaons to a divine revelation; and yet fwi" * "d levef ^ roi'Iiona, and rooted so Eu"'P«ln l®n&t;»®gc and thought that no revolution short of a return to barbarism can abolish it. It has been proved to be a careless. unautbentiated collection of worics of different ^ schools of thought, having no £Vtl±Ut ;W?'aL^ P'Ven b>' thTb5AbiX;gand SL5S, ' "^.disintegrated, much lew diffiolyed. age brings its own destructive PJa-r on £ confess*^ thereby that its predeceEsois_ have effected nothing; for, as the Bible says about sacrifices, go we may say about assaults cn Scripture, "If they had done their Y0?£J^°!£ ey not 'laTe ccased to be offered'" And the effect of the heaviest artillery that can be ">to position is as transient as the boom of their report and the puff of their smoke. Why ^ >?Tfe°fT\iUVthi'?g J"*"11 the world'B wonders ol books that a hundred years ago made good men's hearts tremble for the ark of God? You may find them in dusty lows ou the top shelves of greatr litearies. Butif their names had not occurred in thepages of Christian apologists, flies in amber, nobody.in this generation would ever have heard oi tnem. And still more conspicuously is it so with earlier examples of the same kind. Their wqrk is ag hopelessly dead as they. And the Book seems none the worse for all the shot-like the rock tliat a ship fired at all night, taking if for an "Jf'T-T. «>ald not provoke to answer nor siic wTiln inking. Surely some dim suspicion of the 0 might creep into the hearts of men who know what has been. Surely the signal failure and swift fading away of all & .?rJi? dethrone the Bible might lead to 1 k "S1 lay its deep foundations 5^5 ?1d th* Purpose of God, too deep to be readied by the abort tooto of mere Cn-l£1fmV massive to be overthrown by all the weight of materialistic science?" It is with the Bible as it was with the apostle, on whose hand, vLflen^0U£hc ,®?d he shook off the beast into the wifi ^ I£r "° .harm- The barbarous people, who changed their minds after they had looked 3nd 8aw no b3T1 come to hiin, were *"*!*. aDd m'Kht l"acb a lesson to some modern wise men, if, among the other facts which they deal with, they would try to esti <£f:t f/ ^ c°ntinued existence and in 0 twIL and the kHure thus far of all attempts to shake its throne, or break the sweet influences of its bands. e SBeec Brethren, we, at all events, shoull learn (he °, historical experinece. The gospel and the Book which is its record, have met 'with eager, eloquent, learned antagonists !>efore to-day nvll I?u?ed- rjttl« mere than .1 ^cners ! «-?n i sufficed to sweep them to oblivion.' So it i !?? fff31"- The forms of opinion, the tenden cies of thought, ?which now ssetn to somj of its J'""''!','3 50 certain to conquer, will follw these fomotten precursors into the dim land. Mav we ?haV^ Jnem-these -ancient discrowned kings !h?L K^«_0T£r,men and rebelled against Christ, behefc that no man now believes-rising from their sliadowy thrones in the under world to meet 1J, ,,.T- lvnl^ aad wiling unbelief, when it, too. i shall have gone down to them? "All they shall I -peak and say unto thee, Art thou also become | weak as we? art thou become like unto us'" Yes "n?J5 It '""V "becomes hut a noise" when he J.vT? 5C ".me aPPowted"-the time when God arises to do His act and vindicate His word. l>rin£«^w L'^' secondl.v» Earnest prayer which brings that divine energy. confidence *hat God will work underlies and hG Pray? that God would work. I nltt e t,ut a- glTen thu« 18 in the line of the I invine purpose is not a reason for saying. ''We i need not pray; God means to do it," but is a I reason for saying, on tie contrary, "God means to ^ P1,4^ for it." And this prayer, based upon the confidence that it is His will, is the best £35to£IS °tUscaa recder t0 the **!« in JPresently on the sort n tbe Divine energy which we should principally expect and desire; but let me first re ! HiT,. J"ou. very briefly, how the pravers ©1 i S^u^outtor*"0*""1 had aJmost re* t I need not put this matter on its abstract and j metaphysical side. Two facts are enough for my ' present purpose-one, a truth of faith, that the | actual power wherewith God works for His word j remains ever the tame; one, a truth of observa tion and experience, that there are variations in the intensity of its operations and effects in the world. Wherefore? Surely because of the varia tions in the human recipients and organs of the ! power. Here at one end is tjie great fountain, ever 1 bamming. Draw from it ever so much, it sinks not one tuur's-breadth m its pure basin. Here on the other ade, is an intermittent flow, some I times in scanty driblets, sometimes in painful . drops, sometimes more full and free on the pas tures of the wilderness. Wherefore these jerks and I ^sras.? 14 must be somethii^ stopping the pipe. I Yes, of course. God s might is ever Use same, but our capacity of receiving and transmitting that m£r£ !?rles' ^ with >l *aries the energy with which that unchanging power is exerted in the world. Our faith, our earnestness of desire our ardour ami confidence of prayer, our faithfulness of stewardship and stnenuousness of use, measure the amount of the unmeasured grace which we can receive. So long as our vessels are brought, the golden oil does not cease to flow. When they StSS!u J** of the variation in actual manifestation of the unvarying might o* God is found in the lord's words-"Accotding to your faith be it unto yon." So, then, we mar expect periods of quickened energy in the forth putting of the Divine power. And these will correspond to, and be consequent on, the faith ful prayers of Christian men. Sec to it, brethren, that you keep the ohannris clear, that the flow msy continue full and increase. Let no mud and ooee of the world, no big blocks of sin no« aibtler accumulations of small negligences, choki them again. Above all, by simple, earnest prayer hearts, as it were «ide open to the Sun, and His light will dune on you, and His grace fructify through you, and His spirit will work in yon mightily. The tenor of these remarks presupposes a point on which I wiah to make one or two observations now, viz., that the manner of the Divine working which we should most earnestly desire in a time of diffused unbelief is the citvation of Christian eouls to a higher spiritual lite. I do not wish to exclude other things, but I believe that the true antidote to a widespread scepticism is a quickened Church. We may in deed desire that in other ways the enemy should be met. We ought to pray that God would work" by sending forth defenders of the truth, by estab lishing His Church in the turn faith of disputed verities, and by all the multitude of ways in i which He cau sway the thoughts and tendenciet j of men. But I honestly confess that I, for my j pari, attach but secondary importance to contro versial defences of the faith. No doubt they have their office: they may confirm .1 waverer; they may establish a believer; they may show onlookers that the Christian position is tenable; they may, in some rare cases of transcendent power, prevent a heresy from spreading and from descending to another generation. But oftenest they are barren of result; and where they do their work, it is not to be forgotten there may remain as true a making void of God's.law by an evil heart of unbelief as by an understanding cased in the mail of denial. You may hammer ice cn an anvil, or bray it in a mortar. What then?' _ It is pounded ice still, except for the little portion melted by heat of percussion, and it will soon all congeal again. Molt it in the sun, and it flows down in sweet water, which mirrors that light which loosed its bonds of cold. So hammer away at unbelief with your logical sledge-ham mers, and you will change its shape, pertwp,; but it is none the less unbelief because you have ground it to powder. It is a.outfitter «gent that must melt it-the fire of Godwin*, brought eloee bj j a will Itself ablaze wi*fc' the sacred glow. 1 Therefore, wbik iri*Sng all due honour to other forms of Christian opposition to the prevailing un- belief, the cultivation of a quickened spiritual life as by far the most potent. Does not history bear me out. in that view? What, fciJ* - rtanoc, was it that finished the infidelity of last cen tury ? Whether had Butler's "Analogy" or Cliarles Wesley's hymns, Paley's "Evidences," or White field's sermons most to do with it? A languid churoh breeds unbelief as surely as a decaying oak fungus. In a condition of depressed vitality, the seeds of disease, which a full vigour would Shake off, are fatal. Raise the temperature, and you kill the insect gems. A warmer tone of spiritual life would change the atmosphere which unbelief needs for its growth. It belongs to the fauna of the glacial epoch, and when the rigoure of that wintry time begin to melt, and wanner days set in, the creatures of the ice have to retreat to arctic wildernesses, and leave a land no longer suited tor their life. A diffused un- belief, such as we see around us to-day, does not really arise from the logical basis on which it seems to repose. It comes from something much deeper-a. certain habit and set of mind, which gives these arguments their force. For want of a better name, we call it the spirit of the age. It is the result'of very subtle and complicated forces, which I do not pretend to analyse. It spreads through society, and forms the congenial soil in which these seeds of evil, as we believe them to be, take root. Does anybody suppose that the growth of popular unbelief is owing to the logical force of certain arguments? It is in the air; a wave of it is passing over us. We ate in a condition in -which it becomes epidemic. That is a doctrine which one influential school of modern disbelievers, at all events, cannot but admit. What then? Why, this-that to change the opinions you must change the atmosphere; or, fn other words, the true antagonist of a diffused scepticism is a quickened Christian life. Brethren, if we had been what we ought, would such an environment hare ever been possible as that which produces this modern unbelief? Even now, depend upon it, we shall do more for Christ by catching and exhibiting more of His spirit than by many arguments-more by words of prayer to. God than by words of reasoning to men. A higher tone of spiritual life would prove that the .Gospel was mighty to mould and ennoble character. If our own souls were gleaming1 with the glory of God,'men would believe that we had met more than the shadow of our own person ality in the secret place. If the fire of faith were bright in us, it would communicate itself to others, for nothing is so contagious as earnest ness. , II we believed, and therefore spoke, the accent of conviction in' our tones would carry them deep into some hearts. Tf we would trust Christ's less about it, would seldomer try to prop it, and ofbeaer to "point to it, it would draw men to it. When the power and reality of Scripture, as the revelation of God, are questioned, the best answer 5n the long-run will be a church which can ad dace itself as the witness, and can say to the jgsinsayers, "Why, herein is a marvellous thing, 4hat ye )mow not from whence He is, and yet Jieiistb opened mine eyes.** Brethren, do you see to lt>tjiat your life be thus a witness that you have jheara "His voice; and make it your contribu-1 tion to the wuttre of this day, that if you do; not bear a weapon, you lift your hands and heart *o God. Moses on the mount helped the mtrmgtfnff rank* below in their tuuid to-hand .combat with Amalek. Herekuh's prayer, when £e-Spread 8»e letter of the invader before tie Oord, was more to the purpose than all. Ills aiuttitioas of war. Let your voice rise to heaven like a fountain. Blessings will fall on earth.. "Arise, O .Lord, plead Thine' own'cause. The tjinrolt of those that rise up against Thee incrcsseih continually." ~ JIL tTelijUKlksvttiidly, aa the fitting attitude in times of widespread unbelief, a love to God's ?wvrdnutle Same nrtfd fy antagonixn. v Sji^ inay ~be a queetioiiL. what reason tor the PsalntistU love is pmnted.at in this '{therefore." ^SfeinBUiapdly. be.satisfied with Abe sUfrtrAy and pot Very await »qiliiii1i introduced, without any particular meaning, it begins witbMke initial Utter proper to opt does It seem -esoogh to suppose .. the whole ntopretatfon blqnts the sharp _ D. ,"to4Jias nothing in Its favour *eneralTwant oOseqnection between the " j. areTlwweyer, one or two i wbOK a tbouglit Is ptanied tltrot«h and the usual mere JuxU ,_i pUoe to aa interioddng; so that the b ftpl It itmoet tutun^ to take tbc plain meaning of the words, and to sup|>ose tliat when the PsalmiBt said, "They have made void Thy law, therefore, I love Thy com mandments," he meant, "Tile prevailing opposi tion is the reason why i, for my part, grasp Thy law more strongly." The hostility of others evokes my wanner love. The thought, so under stood, is definite, true, and important, and so I venture to construe it, and enforce it as contain ing- a lesson for the day. And here I would Bret observe, that I desire not to be understood as urging the substitution of feel ing for reason, nor as trying to enlist passion in a crusade against the opponent's logic. Still less do I desire to counsel the exaggeration of opinions because they are denied-that besetting danger of all controversy. But, surely, the emotions have a place and an office, if not indeed in the search for, and the sub mission to, the truth of God, yet in the defence and Adherence to that truth when found. The , heart may not be -the organ for tlje investigation ! and apprehension of truth, though it has a part to play even there; but the tenacity with which I cleave to it, when apprehended, is far more an affair of the will than of the understanding-it is the heart's love steadying the mind, and holding it fixed to the rock. And love has a place in the defence of the truth. It gives weight to blows, and wings to the arrows. It makes arguments to be wrought in fire rather than in frost. It lights the enthusiasm which cannot despair, the diligence that will not weary, the fervour that often goes farther to sway other minds than the sharpest dialectics of a passionless understanding. There are causes in which and unimpassioned advocacy is worse than silence; and this is one of them. The word of the living God, which his saved our souls and brought to us all that makes our natures rich and strong, and all that peoples the great darkness with fair hopes solid as certainties, de mands and deserves fervour in its soldie.-s, and loyal love in its subjects. And while it is weakness to over-emphasise our beliefs merely because they are denied, and one of the saddest issues of controversy, that both sides are apt to be hurried into exaggerated state ments which calmer thoughts would repudiate; on the other hand, there is a legitimate promi nence which ought to be given to a truth prejg cisely because it is denied. ' The time is to underline find accentuate strongly our convictions is, when society is slipping away (rem them, pro vided it be done without petulance, passion, or the falsehood of extremes. If ever there was a period when such general considerations as these bad a practical applica tion, this is the time. Would that all such as my voice readies now -would take these griiid words tor theirs: "They make void Thy law, there fore I love Thy Commandments abeve gold; yea, above fine goldl" ' Such increase of affection because of gain Bayers is the natural instinct of loyal and chival rous love. If your mother's name were defiled, would not your heart bound to licr defence? When a prince fs a dethroned exile, his throne is fixed deeper in the hearts of his adherents, "though his bade be at the wall," and common souls become heroes because their devotion has been heightened to sublimity of self-sacrifice bv a nation's rebellion. And when so many voices are proclaiming that God has never spoken to men, that our thoughts of His Book are dreams, and its long empire over men's spirits a waning tyranny, does cool indifference become us? Will not fervour be sobriety, and the slowing emotion of our whole nature our reasonable service? Such increase of affection, because of gainsayei*, is; the fitting end and main blessing of the con?, troversy vrfiidi,iB being wajped.We never fully bold our treasures till we Imye grasped them hard, lest they shojiltf be plucked from ,6a.; JTo troth ^ established tUl it been denied and faas .sar vived. Antagonism-to thefford-r«f'<»i>d ahojfld have, and will We, to ?«!» wt.lt.rightly, a bltseing in Its train, in briagior -out yet more of- 'Hie preeSonantts -and flnmUMM,. the ill sufficiency and the universality -of the .Book. "l*e more /tifl shook,'-the Jnone it dhines." The fierce* the blast, the firmer our confidence in {he inexpugnable solidity ct that tower o! strength that stands four square to every wind that blows. "The word of the Lord Is tried, therefore Dtjr servant ioveth it." Such increase of attadiment to Hie void of God, because of gainMyers, U the instinct of self preservation. The sight of so many nuking void Uk hnr joakea * nun bethink fetateU a what liis own standing Is. We, as they, arc (lie cliildrcn of the age. The tendencies- to which they have yielded operate on us, too, and our only strength is, "Hold Thou me up, and 1 shall be safe." The present condition of opinion remands us all to our foundations, and should teach us that nothing hut firm adherence to God revealed iu Mis word, and to the word wlrich reveals God, will prevent us, too, from drifting away to shoreless, solitary seas of doubt, barren as the foam, and cliangeful as the crumbling, restless wave. Such strength of «ffection in the presence of dif fused doubt is not to be won without an effort. All our churches afford tib but too many examples of men and women who have lost tlie warmth of their first love, it not their love itself, for no better reason than because so many others have lost it. The effect of popular unbelief stretches far beyond those who are directly affeeted by its arguments, or avowedly adopt its conclusions. It is hard to hold by a creed which -so-many influential voices tell you it is a sign of folly, and being behind the age to believe. The consciousness that Christian truth is denied makes some of you falter in its profes sion, and fancy that.it is less certain simply be cause it is gainsaid. The mist wraps you in its folds, and it is difficult to keep warm iii it, or to believe that love and sunshine are above it all the same. "Because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold." Therefore, brethren, do you consciously en deavour that the tempest shall make vou tighten your hold on Christ and .His word. He appeals to us, too, with lhat most pathetic question, in which yearning for our love and sorrow over the departed disciples blend so vondrously, as if lie cast Himself on' our loyalty-'"'Will "ye also jjo away?" Let tis answer, not witli the self-confi dence that was so signally put to shame, "Though all should forsake Thee, jet will not I," but with the resolve that draws its firmness from His fulness and from our knowledge of the power of llis truth, "Lord, to whom shall we got Thou hast the words of eternal life." IV. And, lastly, we have here, as the final trait in the temper which becomes such times, healthy opposition to the.JUgyB'which make void the word of the Lord- "* - That is the Paalmist's last movement of feeling, and you see that it oomcs second, not first, in the order of his emotions. _ It is the consequence of his love, tlie recojl' of his heart from the practices ami theories which contradicted God's law. ' Now, Car be it from me to say a ward which should fan the embers of the odium theologicum into a blare against either men or opinions. But there is a truth involved which seems to be in danger of being forgotten at present, and that to the detriment of large interests as well as of the forgelters. "Hie correlative of a hearty love for any principle or belief is- we may as well use the obnoxious worl-a healthy hatred for its denial and contradiction. Th^y are but two aspeqts of one thing, like that pillar of old, which in its single substance was a cloud and darkness to the foes, and save light by night to the friends of Him who dwelt in it. Nay, they are but two names for the very same thing viewed in -the very same motion, which is love as ft yearns towards and cleaves to its treasure; and hatred, as by the identical same act it recoils and withdraws from the opposite "Be will hold to the one,, and therefore and there in deSpise the other.*" Much popular lewintuf- as to Christian truth seems to me to ignore this plain principle, and to be working harm, especially among our younger cultivated men and women, whom it charms by an appearance of liberality, which, in their view, contrasts yeiy favourably with the nar rowness of us 'sectarians. 1 am free to admit that in our eeal about email matters' (and in a certain "provincialism," .o t£ *P?#k, which characterised the type of En^iA Christian) ty till within a re call period) we needed; and jftill need, the lesson, and f will thankfully accept the rebuke that re minds me of what l erer Vpd to forget, that ifce gulden rod, where with the divine Builder measures Irom jewel to Jewel in the inills of the New Jeru> mlem. takes In wider spaces than we have meted with our line*.' 'But that is a very different matter from" the tone which-vitiates *«<1 weakens so much modern »dh*re»oe to Christ1# Gospel and Oiriit'a Chtireh. The oltfwrtncitile, "inessential unity, is linn i iitfil W&5I* attempt to "drfep ^D«^t th«e two dam, and tej practice their bo«^# JB*y .jDtten , tore been wiSnriy «eL«ow to include jnany «i the latter awoM the loraer; btrt ft^jaTeventa neog^nd ^^tineUoB ai t^1^^ps.Mxt dame, "in some liberal teachers, one would think (bat no thing was necessary. tlit' great sacred prin ciple that nothing is necessary; and tluit charity could not exist unless that dislintliou were effaced. 1 pray you, and if I may venture so far, I would ospitiailv prav my vouugor hearers, to take nolo, that however fair'this way of looking at varying {onus of Christian opinion may be. it really re poses on a basis which tliev will surely think twice before accepting, the denial that there is such a thing as intellectual certitude in religion which can be east into definite propositions. If there be any truth at all, to confess it is to deny its oppo site, to cleave to this is to reject that, to love the one is to hate the other. 1 fear, I know, that J there are many minds anion;: us who ltepan with I simply catching this tone of tolerance, and who have been insensibly Ikihip along to an enfeebled belief that there is such a thins as religious truth at nil, and that that truth lies ill the word of God. Dear friends., let mc UeswSi you to taVe heed lest, while you are only conscious of your hearts expanding with the genial plow of liliera litv, by little and little you lose your power of dis cerning between things that differ, your sense of the worth of the Scripture as the de[iositoiy of di vine truth, and from your slack hand the hem of the vesture in which is healing should fall away. As broad a liberality as you please within the limits (hat are laid down by the very nature of the case. "These things are written that ye mi^ht l>e lieve that Jesus is the Christ, the Son" of Ciod, and that believing ye might have life through His name." Wheresoever that record is accepted, that divine named confessed, that faith exercised, and tliat life possessed, there, with all diversities, own a brother. Wheresoever these tilings are not, loyalty to your f/ord derfiands that the strength of your love for His word should be manifested in the strength of your recoil from tliat which makes it void. "I love Thy commandments, and I Iwte every false way." I am much mistaken if times arc not rapidly coming- on us when a de cisive election of His side will IK? forced on every man. The old antagonists will lie (ace to face once more. Compromises and hesitations will not serve. The country between the tiptoe ing forces will be Etript of every spot that might serve as cover for neutrals. On the one ride a mitfity host, itfl right the Pharisees of ecclcsi asUeiam and ritual, with their banner of sutho-1 rit.v, making void the law of God by their tradi-1 tion; its left, and tiex-er far away from their op C'tes on the right, with whom they are 6trangi>ly wed, woriting into each other# liandB, the Sadducecs denying angel and spirit, with their war-cry of unfettered freedom and scientific evi dence; and in the centre, far rolling, innumer able, Uie dusky hosts of mere Animalism, and worldliness, and self, making void the law by their sheer tcodlessncsa. And on the other ride, "lie was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood, and His name is called The Word of God, and they that were with Him were called, and chosen, and faithful." The issue is certain from of old. Do you see to it that you we of thorn who were valiant for the truth upon the earth. Let not the contradiction of many move yon from your faith; let it lift your eyes to the mils from whence . cometh our help. Let it open your desires in prayer to Him who keeps Hi* own word, that it may keep His church and bless the world. Let it kindle into fervent enthusiasm, which is calm sobriety, your love for that word. Let it make decisive your rejection of all that opposes. Driftwood may swim with the stream; t£eship-that 1x4ds to heranchbrgwings-Uie other way. Send, that vord far and wide. It is its own best evidence. It will correct all the inife representation of its fool, and supplement the in adequate defences of ita friends. Amid all the changes pf attacks that have their day and cease to be, amidali the change* of our representations of -ita endless fulness, It *01 lire. Schools of thought that assail fettd-defotd it put, bat it fthidep. . Of both «nemy and. frieno it is true, .'The mas' witbereth, and puwt)i »*»," . Bow, antique, apd ineffectual .M;.*** gwytfeq! «VHP'S,Jf* w^wer-irttfc rovUt of the Bible, iwS* "A** . we may nat «afi AS l^ijw .^ftoae ooramiad to tfoptegr, 