I GENERAL NEWS. m ? Companies Eegistesed. — The following companies were registered in. the Supreme Court, Perth, during the six days ended Decem ber 24: — Goldfields Freshwater Supply Company, Limited; West Australian-Safe Depoeit Company, iiimited; Hyle, JNorman, and Telfer, Limited. Baptist Services. — The Perth Baptist services on Sunday was conducted by the Rev. A. S. Wil son. The Fremantle Baptist pulpit will be filled by the Eev. T. Ad cock. Messrs. R. F. Capp and A. Dawes will take the services at Subiaco, and Messrs. P. J. Field and R. Fullarton will supply the Bayewater church. Pesth Pbospekity. — The well known firm of Sargood, Butler, Uichol, and Ewen, importers and 'warehousemen, 'who have their headquarters in Melbourne, and blanches in the other Australian capitals, are now mating a start in Path, attracted by the prosperity of the West. Temporary premises hare been fitted up in Wellington street west, where the- firm has pur dossed a block of land, and intends ?to erect extensive ?warehouses. This ?will give the firm a warehouse in all the leading cities of Australia and Hew Zealand. Tee Postal Department. — Mr. S. R. Howlett, inspector of mails at the General Post-office, has received a letter from MesBrs. Gordon and Gotch, in which that firm expressed its thanks for the promptitude and care exercised by the Postal Department in connec tion with the delivery of many parcels through the post. The letter added that not one complaint of the parcels not having reached their destinations had been re ceived. Air ExijmfATioir Stoby. — Dr. P. E. Gladstone has been telling an amusing examination story to the Boyal College of Organists. The examiner evidently had in Tiii? mind the time it takes for sound to travel; and he asked : ' When a regiment is marching with the band playing, do the soldiers' legs all move at the game time r' And a candidate, without a smile on his face, quietly replied : ' The soldiers' legs ob viously cannot all move together, ?foeeause the left legs move at one time and the right at another.' GovEBiotEKT Schools. — The Education Department has re solved to make further additions to the new Subiaco School, as it was found that the accommodation provided was quite inadequate. It has also been decided, to secure a site on which to establish a new school at the West Swan, to erect a new school *'~ 'and quarters at Kelmseott, and to establish separate schools at Mombeldne and Jurokine, where up to the present time one school has done service for both dis tricts. FmsTERAx of Me. B. Wh.kes. — The funeral of the late Mr. B. W likes, lately secretary of the late View and Boulder Junction Crold-mining Company, was at tended by many of the chief mining managers of the Kalgoorlie district on Dec. 24. The deceased, ?who was highly respected by those ?who knew him, succumbed to pulmonary consumption, from which he had suffered for some yeare. Port Hedland. — The Under- Secretary for Lands received a telegram on Dec. 24 stating that the sale of 57 town lots in Port Hedland had realised £2,642 10s. The lately-proclaimed town of Port Hedland is near Marble Bar. The harbor was recently surveyed by Commander Dawson, who expressed the opinion that though it was small it was an excellent one. There was, however, a bar across it, which carried from three to four feet at low water, and was distant two miles from the coast. At spring tide there were a rise and fall of 19ft. Theatricals 'is Cottbt. — In the Perth Police Court yester day, Mr. George Stevens (of Wilkinson and Stevens's Dra matic Company) proceeded against Mrs. Hodges, of Roe-street, Perth, on a charge of having detained ? stage scenery, &c.; In August last, the complainant stated, a man in the defendant's employment gratui tously offered to store the para phernalia in a shed on the pre mises of Mrs. Hodge!. On the other hand, it was argued that the dramatic company was indebted to the extent of ^El a week during the time the soenery was so stored. The defendant's husband swore that his wife had nothing to do ?with the matter, he being the owner of the store-room. The case was dismissed. SOCIETY OF ABTS EXHIBITION. —A large and varied collection of pictures has been gathered together at the gsHeries of Messrs. Robert son and MofEat, Goderich-street, Perth, for the art exhibition. The opening ceremony will be per formed at 5 p.m. on Monday next by the Premier (Sir John Forrest) accompanied by Lady Forrest, who its one of the vice-presidents of the society. Among the collection of paintings are many depicting beauty spots of local scenery and our native flora. The growth of the society's membership roll is very gratifying, as it is some ?criterion of the colony's advance ment along lines not dealing with commercial or minima interests, but ma-king- for its ^'intellectual advancement. The' exhibition sho-Jld. prove a representative one, .as, Jai addition to works by local I sn's??, there are several from K? --. Av and the eastern colonies. The StrLTAjr. — The Sultan of Turkey, we are told by. the London Times, is extremely fond of his' children, for whom he has a tiny theatre, wherein they play Email parts for his delectation. A Clever Girl. — A Kansas girl of 1 7 won a prize in an un usual contest the other day. She was matched against two most expert blacksmiths in the town, and, to their dismay, turned out a perfect horseshoe in less than four minutes. Eajjgakoos, &c;, ik N.S.W. — Kangaroos are reported to be in creasing in 10 districts of New South Wales, wallabies in 14 dis tricts, native dogs in 8 districts, hares in 12 districts, and wild pigs in 3 districts. In 25 districts kangaroos are reported to be de creasing, wallabies in 16 districts, native dogs in 18 districts, hares in 13 districts, and wild pigs in 2 districts. Wdte Without Alcohol. — A Swiss professor claims to have solved the problem of making wine without alcohol. Fresh juice of grapes is placed in air-tight bottles, which are deposited in a in a vessel containing water heated to 158deg. Fahrenheit. The heat kills the particles necessary for the development of alcohol. This pure juice of the grape can, it is said, be kept for years. Waiter ! — G. R. Sims is said to be responsible for a good story from Berne. A referendum was ap proaching its completion, the votes had been given, and the chairman was ready to declare the figures. In this moment of anxious expec tation, when the fortunes of the country were at stake, a voice from the public gallery was heard cry ing, ' Waiter ! ' The result was instantaneous. The whole sovereign assembly of the Swiss people rose to its feet as one man, and answered, ' Yes, sir.' Miss Ethel Haydon-. — A Lon don contemporary says : — Miss Ethel Haydon has returned to London after a successful pro vincial tour. She is now playing ' My Girl ' at Clapham, and also rehearsing in the new Gaiety piece ' In the King,' wherein the 'beauti- ful young Australian will play the part of a circus rider. She will have some very effective lines and two good songs. Miss Haydon is a little slighter than before she went on tour, but the change has only emphasised the loveliness which has made her pictures so much sought after among the much discussed ' types of beauty.' A New Opening fob Potatoes. — A firm engaged in the evapora tion of apples and prunes in the United States (writes a London, correspondent) has been experi menting with potatoes, and finds that, prepared in this way, they keep f-5r an indefinite period, re taining their food value. Except for the use of armies on foreign service and settlers or travellers in uncultivated regions, there could hardly be any demand for dried potatoes, but for such purposes there might possibly be a limited market. Presumably the tubers are pared and sliced before being desiccated, so that they can be packed in a very small space in tins. Bishop Cketghtoit. — The new Bishop of London has a keen sense of humor. During a confirmation tour in the diocese of Peterborough, Dr. Creighton put up one evening in an old manor house, and slept in a room supposed to be haunted. Next morning at breakfast the Bishop was asked whether he had seen the ghost. ' Yes,' he replied, with great solemnitv, ' but I have laid the spirit ; it will never trouble you again.' On being further in terrogated as to what he had done, the Bishop said — ' The ghost in a subscription towards the res toration of Peterborough Cathe dral.' Japanese Capitalists. — Most of the Japanese capitalists, says our contemporary, the Jiji Shirnpo, are ' juBt jxovr too much bent upon rail road and banking enterprises. The cotton-spinning industry, which, during the first half-year proved far more profitable than banks or railroads, is at a discount with them. The companies engaged in this indnstry have declared for the same period dividends -carving from 10 to 20 per cent., the aver age being- 16 per cent. The reason why this profitable industry is less favored by speculators thau banks and railroads is, according to the explanations of some persons, the precariousness of the business. But to us it appears that the pros perity now enjoyed will continue for a long time to come. The Eush to Johannesburg. — A correspondent sends the follow ing extract froni the Diggers' News (Johannesburg) : — Referring to the rush to the Eand, a Pretoria contemporary asks, 'Is it over done r' Weil — yes ; it is. In glancing at the shipping returns of the various ports for the past few months, recording the advent of thousands of people, the question at once suggests itself, ' Where do all those newcomers go to, and do they all find honest and remuner ative employment ?' Is it true that some time ago, at many of the South African industrial centres, there was a demand for white skilled labor, but as the limit has now been reached, and the stream continues to flow, it behoves the newspapers — and indeed it is a duty incumbent upon all respon sible journalists — to sound a note of warning before matters are allowed to go too far. Mikikg Conference. — Mr. ' Tom ' Bower, of Kalgoorlie, ar rived in Perth on Dee. 24 to attend the mining conference, to be held in Perth on January 12. Several other delegates will arrive during next week. Accident. — A man named George Marks Bowman fell down stairs at the residence of Mrs. Woods, Wellington-street, yester day afternoon. He was taken to the hospital, and upon examination was found to be suffering from a slight scalp wound. Coolgarsiz Mechanics' In stitute. — The Mechanics' Institute at Coolgardie was fitting!*' opened on Wednesday, when a successful concert took place. Tha library commences with 2,000 volumes. The building has cost £1,500. Three Bobbers Shot.— In the newly-settled territory of Oklahoma, which, by the way, already has a large population, three fellows of the same kind undertook to rob a wealthy Englishman named R. T. Brooke, commonly known as ' Lord ' Brooke, and all of them were promptly shot to death by him This was in the night. The three bodies were lyiiig near his door when morning came. Sik John Millais. — Sir John Everett Millais, of 2 Palace Gate, Kensington, London, president of the Eoyal Academy, who died on August 13 last, aged 67 years, left personalty valued at j£97,119 4b. 5d. (the value of the real estate, if. anv, not being stated). F.U.F.S. Gala. — On Saturday morning, previously to the holding of the Freniantle Friendly So cieties' Sports on the Oval, a pro cession, in which the following societies will be represented, wiil march through the principal streets of the Port in the order named, starting from the Fremantle Town hall: — Independent Order of Eechabites, Manchester Unity In dependent Order of Oddfellows', Ancient Order of Foresters (Unitv Court, Beaconsfield branch), Grand United Order of Foresters, Ancient Order of Foresters (Court Robin Hood), Hibernian Society, Sons of Temperance, Protestant Alliance, Irish National Foresters (Brian Bora branch), and United Ancient Order of Druids. The juvenile lodges of the Eechabites, M.U.I.O.O.F., and Ancient Order of Foresters (Courts Unity and Robin Hood) will also be repre sented in the procession. Mr. W. E. Wray will act as marshal. Nobth-West Cabgo. — During his trip to the north-western forts of the colony, Mr. W. E. Moxon, the Western Australian manager of the Adelaide Steamship Com pany, Limited, had numerous complaints with regard to the system in vogue '?at Fremantle of dealing with cargo brought from the east and transhipped to the .North-West. The persons who made the complaints stated that the cargo suffered through excessive handling and exposure at Fremantle. Mr. Moxon ex plained to those who spoke to him on the subject that while he recognised that the storekeepers and others up in the North-West had good grounds for complaint through the cause mentioned lie did not see how in the present circumstances any appreciable remedy could be effected. As soon, however, as the river wharves were completed there would, he thought, be an opportunity of setting matters upon a more satisfactory footing. This, he considered, could be achieved best by building ebeds on the wharves and allotting them to the leading steamship companies, as is done in the large ports of the other colonies. He had no doubt that when the time came the Government would give the representatives of the ship owners a chance of expressing their views upon the question of wharf accessories at Fremantle. Chttbch Broken Into. — Between the hours of 2 and 8 o'clock on the afternoon of the 23rd inst., the Presbyterian Church in Pier street was broken into. An en trance was effected by removing a panel of the vestry door, and the thieves ransacked the place, taking from a cupboard several bottles of port wine, together with a quantity of nnfermented wine. Though the caretaker was engaged in the schoolroom adjoining the church up to 10 o'clock at night he ap pears to have noticed nothing unusual. A couple of children were the first to observe the broken panel, and the little ones evidently forgot to say anything about the occurrence. This will account for the delay which took place in re porting the matter to the police. A search of the premises resulted in the discovery of a screwdriver, ?which had evidently been used in effecting an entry. The matter is in the hands of the detectives. Eev. A. S. Wilson. — The Eev, A. S. Wilson, of Perth, was married to Miss A. Blanche Mead in the Flinders-street Baptist Church. Adelaide, on December 7, The ceremony took place at 4.30 in the afternoon, when the church was crowded. The father of the bride (the Rev. Silas Mead, M.A., LL.B.) officiated, and was assisted by the Eev. John Price. A 'welcome social ' was tendered to Mr. and Mrs. Wilson at the Oddfellows' hall, Perth, on Wednesday even ing last by the members and friends of the Perth Baptist Church. Dur ing the evening the Christian En deavor presented Mrs. Wilson with a handsome tea service. The Eev. A. S. Wilson has been presented by members of the Baptist de nomination is South Australia with about .£20 worth of books as a token of esteem. The Engineer-in-Chief. — Mr. C. Y. O'Connor, the engineerin chief, has made definite arrange ments concerning his departure for England in connection with the goldfields water scheme. He will leave Albany on January 9. Kalgoorlie Railway. — The Railway Department intends to take over the railway from Boorabbin to Kalgoorlie on January 1\. The work of ballasting will not be completed, but the contractors will continue with the unfinished por tion of that contract. A Street Bolt. — At about noon last Friday a boree, to which was attached a buggy, bolted ^from Wellington-street along Barrack street, but was fortunately over taken at the Town-hall without any damage being- done. The horse and vehicle are the property of the Waterworks Company. Painful Scalding Accident. — A painful accident happened at CooJgardie on Wednesday to a man named William Cross. He was blowing eff steam at the Two-Mile condenser, and got in the way of the steam, and was badly scalded on the left arm and on tbe-body. He was admitted to the hospital. Importation of Camels. — The steamer Argus, which arrived at Fremantle from Calcutta on Wednesday, has landed 152 camels. The inspectors of stock state that they are the finest camels ever im ported to Western Australia. All are absolutely free from disease, but they will be detained in quarantine for the necessary period. Seasonable Greetings. — The ' companionship ' of The Morning Herald has received a joint Christ mas and New Year's card from the Paragon Printing Works, Perth, and it trusts that half the good wishes conveyed therein will come to fruition. A very neat card is also sent by Messrs. J. B. Cant and Co., printers, Fremantle. Both cards are neatly printed by the firms which sent them, and they prove that excellent typographical work can be done in the colony. Phil. Mat's Annual. — Aus tralians are always pleased to hear from PhiL May, whose pen and pencil did so much in former years to brighten the columns of the Sydney Btdletiiu We have re ceived from Messrs. E. S. Wigg and Son, Hay-street, a copy of Phil. May's Winter Annual for 1896, and its pages are, if anything, more interesting than ever. The amusing sketches and?, stories are bound to attract attention, and among the writers we notice the name of Gilbert Park, the old time Sydney pressman and now popular author. Phil. May's cartoon work in the Annual is really, excellent, and the publication is bound to have a large sale during the holidays. Easteen Telegraphic Ab baugeme'kts. — During the Christ mas holidays the following arrange ments will be observed at the telegraph offices of the eastern colonies : — South Australia — Christmas Day, closed all dav ; December 28 to January 1, open from 8.30 a.m. to 10 a.m., and from 7 p.m. to 8 p.m. Victoria — Christ- mas Day, open as on Sundays ; De cember 26 to January 1, open from 8.30 a.m. to 10 a.m., and from 6 p.m. to 7 p.m. New South Wales — Christmas Day, open as on Sun days ; December 26, open from 9 a.m. to 10 a.m., and from 6 p.m. Day, open from 9 a.m. to 9.30 a.m., and from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. Boys' Brigade. — The Boys' Brigade in connection with the Wesley Church will proceed to York on Saturday inorning,and will be accompanied by the Rev. G. E. Eowe, Lieutenant Harris, of the Perth Infantry, and the honorary drill instructor ( Sergeant- Major Mtmchin). On their arrival at York the boys will go into camp for three days, during which time camp discipline will be observed. On Saturday they will give a dis play at the York show-ground in physical, dumb-bell, and rifle exer cises, as well as an exhibition in Grecian and Roman exercises and figure marching. On Sunday a church parade will be held, when the local defence forces, under the command of Captain F. A. Hare, *^!l 4-«1-A **«?»«- Tk- T- ? *-* T^ WAU 141.1U; £JOiL tj. J.Ut? 11CV. \X- JZJ. Rowe, who is one of the chaplains of the forces, will preach the sermon. The Brigade Fife and Drum Band will also undertake the trip. American Oranges. — Thus a New York correspondent : — The destruction of three-quarters of the orange groves in Florida gave the orange-growere of California a great market, but now the Cali foraians must compete with rivals in Northern Mexico, from which 75 carloads will be shipped into the United States this year as a beginning. Four years hence, it is said, we shall have 1,000 car loads from these Mexican groves, which are on land that is irrigated at small cost and cultivated with cheap labor. As the season is earlier in Mexico, however, the im ports from that country are con sumed before the California orange enters the market. Bankbuptct Notices. — The following bankruptcy notices have been made : — Adjudications — F. L. von Rantzow, late of Boorabbin, December 23 ; H. Snowden, of Geraldton, December 19; A. J. M'Kav, of Esperance, December 19\. Receiving Orders — R. A. Dunn, W. Dunn, and H. C. Griffiths, trading as Dunn and Griffiths, of Norseman and Dundas, December 18 ; F. L. von Rantzow, December 19. Mr. H. Wainscot has been appointed trustee in the estate of A, J. MKay. 