-&\mtnt pates. Sir Wilfrid Laurier in one of his speeches in London declared that tiie great want of Canada was population, and he described the exceedingly favourable terms on which the Canadian (Jo p t rumen t was prepared to issue grants of land in order to secure initnigrauts. A far more potent attraction has now been Droclaimed than any grants of Imd which the (J&uatli;&n; Government could issue. Gold lias heen fouud in British Columbia, aud already the whole Pacific Coast ia iu a elate of feverish eicitemen t. Although tbe brief summer is far spent, thousands are flocking to tbe new find, and thousands more are preparing to etitt. We hare tales of the incredible richness of the field, and as it is almost inaccessible people will be quite prepared to believe them. One account epoke of the grrmnd as fairly reeking with gol it a phrase which is much more suggestive of strong imaginative powers than sober f*ci. Indeed, a carious com mentary on tbe amazing richness of tbe find is supplied ia ihe intelligence la to-day's cable news, that some men are already lea ring the new field for still richer localities on the Stewart River. How men can hope for* or indeed wish, a, richer claim than cue that ** reeks ' with gold is very difficult to imagine. The strained relations between the Canadians and tbe people of the United States is sbowu in tlie demand which has been put forward, that none but British subjects should be permitted to enter the new field. Tbe United States Congress has recently passed an Alien Law avowedly, almost aimed at Canadians, and it is no wonder tbat such a demand as tlila should have been made by way of attention at the baodB of tbe Canadian Government. The Calif orniuu fields were thrown open to the world, and so we may be certain will those of British Colombia. The American continent was strewn with the bones of those who set ont to reach tbe tben inaccessible region of Cali fornia, and there is likely to be as great a tragedy in the attempts to reach the new find in British Columbia. The name of the new field is not giveu on the map, but assuming it ib ne-u* the Stewart River. which is mentioned in the cablegrams, then it is qo wonder tbe Canadian Government is issuing the most impressive warnings, as to [be dangers inseparable from an attempt to gotbere&tthis; time of the yew. The Stewart Ktver b a tributary of the Yukon, which rises in British Colombia, and flows right through the middle almost of Alaska into Bearing Straits. At its nearest point, measuring on the map, the Siewut River is about 250 miles from the coast, and it is considerably less than that distance from the Arctic Circle, It is therefore in as inhospitable a region as could well be imagined, even with good roads to reach it. Bui when to the in hospitabteness of it* climate there is added a distance of between 200 and 300 miles from the coast, without & trace of a road, and probably over very rough country, it is apparent at once that nothing short of gold would draw men there. For gold men will face the fiercest beat of the Line, or the bitterest cold of the Pole, and doubtless there will be thousands who will straggle gallantly to reach Stewart River* and to hang out there all through the long merciless winter. Bat hardship, cold* and starvation will reap great harvests. Still, if tbe field is rich it wflJ draw miners, and in time better means of communication will be provided. It was the gold of California which gave that great state its start, and, given rich goldfields, even the bitter climate of the far north of British Columbia will not prevent settlement. But as in California tbe pioneers will blaze the road with their bones. Nothing is sacred from science. At no power does it stand appalled. Phenomena of all. kinds mast submit to analysis and ex amination. Among these are appearances of spirits, &nti; manifestations 6f their presence in an invisible form. Ghosts are common in all countries, even Australia not having been exempt from appearance* oi the departed. From both civilised and savage regions evidence has been accumulated of the existence of invisible beiogB which could give motion to material substances. In more recent times it has been maintained tba.t means of communicating with them hare been estab lished. AbouS two hundred and fifty years ago a house at Tedworth, England, was haunted by a familiar spirit which moved the furniture about, drummed on the woodwork, and ultimately rapped in reply to raps addressed to it by auditors. Fifty years ago & little girl iu W«*t Xetf York oo hca-riag mysterious raps replied to them, and a tele graphic systeni of intercourse between visible and invisible rappers was formed ; thus spirit -rapping arose. There ure certain vmteal domicile in the British Isles, in which things ' no canny ' were of frequent occurrence. Some of them, like tlie drummer of 'the bonnie house of Airlie,' ate historical : he always warns the noble owners of the dwelling of the approaching death of a member of the family by beating bis drum vigorously. Science bu been banting these strange phenomena with bat poor results There is in the Highlands of Scotland an old castle which has bad a fine reputation for beuiff hauoted. The Marquis of Bute, who has eympaJiy wiUi the labours of rbe aocieiy Scr prosecuticB psjcho.3g.cal research, recently rented this ancient tenement ; had it put ia decent oHer ; victualled and tenanted it with domestics ; and invited members of the society quietly, undemonstratively, and scien tific&tty; to study the phenomena reported to be observable there. Members dropped down readily enough to the pleasures of a trip to the Highlands and a sojourn in a bouse o mystery. They came and went at will, and went about with their senses {or the percep tion of the supernatural on full cock. Pre- j - sum Ably the spirits hud ad Wee of what J ' rumbling about the house at night— sighs, . and lapping, a.nd groaning ; but these were attributed by a waiter -of- fact observer in confined spaces aud up turnpike stairs ; to the sudden shutting of tbe spigot of a water pipe, causing a rattle in the tube ; and to the wiud bloning across the open ends of soil pipes. It would appear, however, that this experiineut, Lite many others carried ou ia the same sphere of research, was vitiated by the presence of unbelievers. One of them, laughing at tbe wbole affair, tent a critically the press. Thereupon he was charged by his hostess at the ancient peel iviilx haviug these were— tbat nothing w&& to be said about it till ihe experiment was at an. «»d. On being taxed with violating tbe terms of hospitality this Mihlcss one denies he ever heard of them. In the meantime this ghost haat* like so many others we have Tvad of, has failed, and leaves carious people worry ing their brains about incomprehensible Tbe report of tbe Royal Bank of Queensland meeting of tiiesbareholders on Thursday week, those to whom it was epw.-ia.lly addressed. It affords uum.Biakeable proof Uiat the bank in enjoying quietly prosperous limes, which ia satisfactory evidence that its customers are prospering. And no conside ruble pardon tomcrs of this bauk, can be succeeding iu bo&ine;&s; without others stmriue iu thtic suc cess and thus widening a still further area, of prosperity. The argument can be legitimately pnsbed still fnrther. If the customers of one bank doing business over a considerable por tion of the colony are prospering, it is a fair presumption thflt the customers of other banks elusion is reached that as a whole tbe colony is steadily escaping from the difficulties which encompassed it in (he last few years. We have three banks in Queensland. Tbe largest, after a period of anxiety and exceptional difficulty, ha* jaat been placed on a secure foundation, which ss far as auyoue can foresee will enable it to attain to the prosperity it enjoyed in its earlier years. The Royal Bank has now practically escaped iron, the difficulties oi its reconstructioo ; for all the repayments coder that scheme have been auticiputetl except two, nod ou these instalments it is paying only three per cent interest, which is &s; favourable a rate as any bank c*n obtaiu money at jaat now. And the Bank of North Queensland made its last payment some time ago under the reconstnictiori scheme it pot forward K-ur years ago. These facts ure whole colony. The Chairman in bis speech yesterday remarked that the bin I- had not obtained the fall benefit from the reduction in the rate of intercut on its deposits which might have been expected. But this wus doe vo the lower rates which were now charged borrowers, owing to the keener com petition. That is a reason which, from the public point of view, ia by no means to be regretted, It Bbows tbat the public is receiving the advantage from the fall in the price of money, it fall which counter balances the fall in the price of our maia products which has been tbe subject of so much lamentation. A pretty much where they were when prices of nil articles were much higher than they are at present. Merchants and producers will deal with smaller tou.lt-, but tbe o,t result will not differ greatly. This, it U interealiog of I Lose who resisted the deni'ind thut the tally altered to meet a eu idea disturbance iu prices. They argued, and the ruault is ehou iug they urgued correctly, tbat the dis might reveal itself partially at first, but uould quickly extend throughout tbe whole field oi produce a just equilibrium between the buyer aud the seller, and tbe borrower and the lender. One of the ficuous under which we live is that this is free country. It may be the theory of the constitution that Parliament is the paramount authority, and therefore that Parliament is invested with tbe fo.ltst ad ministrative potverp, but the practice is very different. The true rulers of Queensland are the great Mandarins or the oivil service ' Mr. Eidstoc's Letter in tbts, issue with respect to the building of a new Police Court would apoear very remarkable to a stranger, but to a denizen of the colony it would be simply fresh evidence of the fact just stated as to who arc the actaal rulers of the colony. The great Mandarins aforesaid, or rather one of them, wishes to bnild a new Lands Office iu Rackhs.mptQa.anvl the peapkof Rockliampton and the Government wish to give up i he present Lands Office and to build a new Police Court. I Four of the Ministers of the Crown, including I the, I'retuicr, actually raa.de open promise that ! this would be done, one of the promises being J made bere iu Rockhampron and the others by ' the Ministers from their places in ParlU- ! meat. No doubt the four Altnistcis would carry out these promises if they could ; indeed it may with perfect safety be said thai' they eagerly wish to do Mandarins are against them. The people of Rockhempton may feel a natural disappoint ment at being still compelled to use a Police Court which ha* been condemned by both tbe public and the magistrates as unsuitable, especially after being buoyed up for mure than 1 yeir with the hope ilui they would get jj other and convenient building. Bat we trust they trill not allow this feeling to carry them into resentment against the Government, For really the Government cannot be held responsible for failing to build a Police Court when one of the chief Mandarins of tbe colony has said U shall not lie done. Even in our disappoiuiment we -nutst endeavour to lie juat. Tbe Government did wh*t they could them we ought to thank them for th»t promise, even although it means nothing in actual fact. That they were not able to fulfil the promise is simply an accident of the position. The only justifiable censure which can be visited ou Ministers is that they were a. little precipitAte in giving these promises. They oaght clearly to have ascer tained tirdt whether they would be per mit led to carry out this work before com initlinir themselves. A big shipbuilding programme comes before the Honse of Commons every session now as rcgul&rly; as the Budget. This shipbuilding era is of quite recent dale. Formerly tbe Admirtlity was content to go along quietly, more «uid not pressing their completion very ut gently. Now all that is changed. And it matters not what Government is in power. In his recent Budget Sic Michael Hicks Beach told the House of Commons that in tbe last five yean the cost of the Navy hud been increased by forty per cent. That period has been divided pretty equally between tbe liberals and Conserva tives so for as the possession of power goes. The two parlies rival one another as to bow ranch they will epead on the tfavy. There ifi never any difficulty a.bont the money. \t u voted with the greatest alacrity, too great an alacrity accord iug to the Chancellor of the Kicheqoer, who confessed in tbe same speech that of all tbe spending departments the House oi Commoaa w&s; tbe vrorat. fbe naval pro gram me for the present yearis four lineof battle chips, {our powerful armed cruisers, six light dranght ships for river service, and & Royal yacht. The Boyal yacht may be left oat of account so far as the Navy is concerned, but the fourteen warships remaining constitute a very f«r navy of themselves. The Govern' meats of the Continent have been distinctly told that as they bnild so will tbe British Government build. Speaking a few weeks ago in the House of Commons, Mt.Ooscbensaidtbtf Government was not going to act on paper progrkmmes put forward by the Continental Governments, but whenever amove was made to translate these paper programmes into actaal fact, then & corresponding movement would be made in Britain. And, be added, thai from information iu bis possession, which he did not wish to reveal, but which would ta placed before the House if it desired, he - was of opinion tbat an «dvaacfi in tthipbujlding was about to be made on Continent. So for tbe Continental Oliver we have this morning the British Roland, one tbat will be quite satisfactory to the subjects, of Her Majesty, whatever it may be to the subjects of Germany, France, and Russia. Mr. B. R. Daw barn. Secretary to tbe Tick Conference, received a letter on Tuesday from tbe Under-Seoretary for Agriculture, dated the 22ud instant, formally acknowledging the receipt of bis letter of the 15tb instant on the subject of the alteration of the southern quarantine line* tbe apnoimmeat of a board, of stock com miss ion era, rtc The following item* of neus are tram tJio Gladstone Ohterrer of Tcesday .-— A meeting will be held on Thursday night to try and reform the Chamber of Comtserce, which after a short existence, more than two years, beard of- The Lady Musgnwc, bivinjj tba dredge Cleveland in tow, ai rived iu the harbour on Friday night and went on to The Natrons early next inoroiug. The s.8. Urins'iOP Grange, 57uO tous, belonging to the Houlder line, ie at present loading {roiea, beef at the Gladstone Company's works, trho will take about 1100 tons alrogether, which should te in by Friday or Saturday, when the vessel will leave for Bowen to complete her ateoA cxigo. F«me Bowen she sails to Sydney to £11 Dp with general cargo, thence to tbe fall of rain took place last week, commencing early on Saturday momiug. On Saturday it rained steadily over portion of the day and continued daring tbe night. Sunday brought several very heavy showers, which concerted the Hats into shallow swamps and set tbe gullies running. The fall was 378 in. The local reservoir has been replenished with a few feet of water that will last a mouth ; aiid what is of equal importance— the Meat Works, large dam roee 'Aft., wUilt tbe sroaU«i ona is partly tilled. This ensures a continuance, of work until December, aud practically tides the company through its chief difficulty, A serious accident happened to Mr. K. Shaw. resident engineer oi tbe Gladstone Meat Works, oa Friday morning. He waa ftt the loading porch of the freezing rooms, and waa in the act of Ghttting something out of tiie way of the cars that were approaching, lean. iug forward with his tody half, in the porch for t lie purpose, when the advancing car struck him before he could dran back and I crushed trim ugaiasr the vralL Owing to Dr. I Thorpe's abgenL-c from town. Dr. Bowser vas I sent for. An tinnination tbowed that, though no boucs were broken, Mr. Shaw waa severely crushed across tbe chest bctweeo tbe | shoulders. How be escaped .ntiaut death I seems, a njir-ic.e, as the ineu ubo were push ing the car were noi in a position to see tbe danger, and he received the fall force of tbe impact, wliiiJi was severe enough to cause Uie heavy car \o 7ebonnd. The sufferer ia now under Dr. Thorpe's care, and is making slow progress towards recovery. 