Cost Twenty; Shilling. "A :»otIJ8IJE peroentege-^-abont one-third, I think—of the power of vsteam engine-is usisdipiriovercoming thefrictionofitsowir, -parts. Hence inventors are. constantly . testing devices to reduce friction. " Yet they , cab never overcome it-j and the:resistance created by it" represents power (and hence expense) absolutely lost. . ' Mow the human body is a machine j propelled-by heat, ^exactly as an engine is ; •and; anything ibs-t retards it may be cod sidere'd as faction. Vfery good, then. You have notioed great differences in your own/"vigor. Some days you wotk easily, and on others with difficnlty. This is so whether yon are chiefly a muscle-worker or a..brain-worker; or » mixture of both —as: most people are. . Occasionally yon are 'able to do more work in a day than at other, times you can do in three. It is the Odds between walking on smooth, hard, level ground and dragging yourself uphill through wet clay. : What wouldn't lawyers,'authors, clergymen, and all other brain-workers give ior something .baying the power to keep their minds clear and strong? Or body workere foraomothing 'that would prevent aebing, weakoe8s, and fatigue ? Do I know -what will do it? No, I don't. If I did I could retail the secret for .'more .money than is stowed iaway in the Bank of England. But I do know-one thing, and will tell it you in a minute—for nothing. . .First, however, we will ;talk of Mr. J. B. :Go8s aud ±be fribtioir ^he ■ tried bo long to overcome.. Mr. Goas.is a large farmer living at.Stradsett, utear Downhain. Market, Nor folk, aadis wt-ll-lcpbwn. in his distiict. When thtr&rmere; meeton market days he oftet^speaks of iiis experience and how he came out-of It. i", • 1 Iti order to cover it all he ha? to go back fifteen" years—to about 1878. At that time \- hebe^jan to feel the signs- of some disease which be could neither account for nor understand? At ^firet he merely realised that lie wasout of ^con dition. ■ Bis work became less and leas a, pleasure ' abd more and more a task. From his business his thoughts turned upon himself, and . no man can' work -well-in that form. Then he and bis victuals began to disagree, which is a state of things to make, a man.'ask what can the reason be t He~had i well-provided table, of course; yet _he; often sat. down to his meals and couldn't touch a morsel. Mr. Goss knew that this would never do. If a mao expects j to live, he-must eat. There are no two ways { about (hat. So be ate more or lese—although not much—rwithout the stimulus .of an appetite ; he forced it down, as you may say. But this would'i do: either. When, the stomach goes on' strike it can't be whipped into worjdug before the question at issue is properly .settled. Thus it ended in his having great pain and tightness at his sides and chest. "I was constantly belching up a sour fluid,'? he says, " which ran out of my month like vinegar. I had a horrible sensation at the stomach, for which I was not -able to find any relief. For nights together I could get no sleep; and in this general condition 1 continued for five, years, np medicine or medical treatment doing more than to abate some of the worst 'symptoms for the time being. : "In the early part of 1*883 I heard of a medicine which was said to- do good in cases like mine. Whether it would help me of course' I fiad.no idea. After so many things have failed, one naturally has no faith in a new one. Yet-I .got a supply and began with it. Iti a short time it .was plain I bad come upon the real remedy at last. My food agreed with me, and soon all pain and dis tress gradually/left me. Since then (now "ten years ago) I have kept in the best of health. If I, or any, of my family ail any thing, a dcee of^ Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup—this medicine that cured me—soon i sets us right.: ; We hare bo need of a doctor. (Signed) J. B. (Joss, fiaircb 24tb, 1893." Mr.' Goss once Baid^that jf JSeigel's Sprup cost^2Q«j; i»ttlE~4jeTsoijld not be vi'lthout it* in his house. - We can easily believe" him. j Considering what it did . for him—and does for others—rit wouldbecheapat any price. Yet, like plenty oftbinge of' the highest. practtcal.\ata^. ifc little;. The <au imagine und eMvbat difBcuityand frictioirMr.* Gobb iriuat hive done what work P0,. during poae^ve yeara' suffering with indigestion anddyspepsia. Thw.theni we kqow; lihat life's friction .ana loss of power comes chiefly from that single.4is^a»e> aud that ease arises from the use of Mother SeieeVs great discovery. What,(asked the St. jamea'e Gazette) is the most impressive thing about London ? co^'ec^°u:°f Jubilee Visitors offers a fine chance forJibe inquisitivejonrnaliet to take a plebisciteJ3n fcbepoint.' The questions put North J|,r^o aow^uarlewd at Chelsea Barracks fP°* ^"Riwe^ailways, .and - parfioolarly ^ a6tp®Sh -tliem i most. ■ Tbey chuld nut LelieveiJt was ever made by men-^Qing uo.ler in the dark, end rail way* going over .them.' It must-.be ghosts who did it. Men coptdn V Then there is the orderliness of the London traffic. An other:18 ihe wronderfnl way in whieb the London, HU»e crowds They are Mtonished it the obedience of the people. f " ^ *> told up his hand , ■JJ" all the P^gle.-md^;jjjbey, they aay, ; .They.^;mu»k:=,ftiluB Vou^rful. Curiously -j enough this was also one |f the things which Mr. ^y?rd. l^turing ki^America, said had j fitrnck himmbst about Lobdon. ■ • Almost the extremes of <'civili6ation";ineet in Ad miring j the Londonpolicem&ti.; : J: : .... 