THE TURF. RACING NOTES. [By MENTOR] Owing to the length of time that has [?] since the Gawler meeting was held the A.R.C. should have a big attendance of spec- <*> tators as well as large fields of ho[?]es at their I meeting on Victoria. Park on Satnrday, 18th instant. The course itself is now in splendid order, and those who have not seen it will be sarptiMd to find an emerald turf at this time of year. The committee have been unsparing in the use of water, and the couch grass has now got a good firm hold, while tha corf itself is quite springy. : All the big jumps are being well watered both ? on the take otS and the landing side, but the travelling in between will ba very hard, and the dicky legged ones will find this out. Next: year the Steeple course will be proportionately ] improved. The new training track has given the, utmost satisfaction to owners and trainer*, and has proved its efficacy by attracting a number of bones up from Ulenelg. The carl on Satur day opens with the Welter Handicap, seven furloDss, for which there are 'JO candidates. In ths same race last year 11 horses went to the post, and Fairtight, S at. 10 lb., won from The Idler, <*?. 101b.. and Maritana, S ?L 31b. Tbe top weight now ia Bloodstone, 10 >t. 8 lb.; next comes Damper with a drop of 10 lb.; then Gnullo with 7 lb. less than Damper. Gnullo is suffering from a ricked shoulder. V.Z., 9 st. 2 lb., ia in the Hurdle Race, the Idler, 8 st 13 Uv, has 3 lb. more than he ran second with last year. De U Volts, 8 st 13 Ib^ has 13 lb. less than she carried unplaced last year, Uaivrel on the same mark should have a chance il all right, but ia not so well as she mUht ba Bamiee, 8 st. II In., will have the services of J. Gomrb, of New South Walea, and who. we understand, will also nde Hear Hear in his engagements. Firelock baa baft a long retirement, and if well on bis two year-old form would have a decided ch?mx Burnatde, 8 st. 10 lb., should have a chance on his Gawler rnnning, where be won the Welter Handicap, beating Gnullo and tbe ldier. Ulva has not done much of lat* and Orb should be more at borne in the Jumpers' Flat Race. Of those below Fair Saxon appears to be tha best. This race may be won by BLOODSTONE (with a Mart) from BdkssiG* and Baasica. The Ucbou Rao; a mile and three quarters, has 13 candidate*. Wonlastjearby Wirrawa, 10 at. 12 lb, from Mavis and Flood bird, in a bald of 12 starters. U.Z. is now at tbe head of affairs with U st 7 lb., and it *hows wbat a poor lot of hurdle bones we have just now when there is a drop of IS lb. to tbe animal Keicent 10 st 3 lb. This mare is now in Mr. Ferry's hands. Con-script and Garter, 10 st each, should nave a chance. Darfcie does not run up to his private reputation. Jack dprat isgutung too old for the work. Maid of the Mist, tbe senaatioual dividend payer, should nave a chance, and of the others Edith and Tbackaringa appear to be tb? best. Summing up we therefore give the place* to U.'A, witn ttaJOSB or Cojracmrr from Maid of the Mist Tbe ANSmtBSAaT EUXDIcaT, a mils and a furlong, comes next, with 15 acceptors. Last yeai eight runners went out. when- Lord Qren ville. 8 St. 10 lb., won from bamper. 8 st 6 lb., and Supposition, 8 st, This year Viking, 9 st, beads die list. Last year be fWU in thia race when bis party thought the race was a. good thing for him. He then carried Bst 10 lb.. including 7 lb. penalty. Now he has just weight-for-age. Hear Hear, Bst 10 lb., comes next. He put up a real good gallop on tbe track on Tuesday morning; bat be is supposed to have a weak spot if it comes to fighting out a ding-dong race. Bloodstone, Bst 8 lb., we bavo not seen compass a distance Mice?sfnlly, bat is doing real well on the tracks. Mr. Croxisr'sotnar candidate, Vakest, with 8 st 51b., abouM have a ohance second cooone, taking a Una through tbe October Cupfrun ning. Nsckars. u not at his best jnat now. Goodwill, the Derby winner, is in with 8 st 4 in,, and should have a chance if fancied. Lord Salisbury. 7?L 12 lb., is hardly competent to beat the Derby winner. Damper, 7 st 10 Ih., was credited with beiug a rogue until up country, where tbe opposi tion was not keen, be gained three winning brackets. If in the humor to do bis best he will trouble tbe field to beat him. Successor. 7st9 lb.. we have never seen negotiate a dis tance. Thunder King. 7st 5 lb., on hisUawler running cannot nave a chance. Brideourk, 7 st & lb., js likely to run well, but there are rumors that bo has hurt a leg. Of the others Boruaide apr? ars to be the beat As Vikinq, VaUKL, and Bloodstuioi are in the one stable we most vote for the selected oi this trio to win, with Hbab Ucab and I>ampkb tor places. The SXBKFUCHAas, two miles, has ten can didates. Last year there were only three surtam, wbe-a Trojao won from Cunfidenv? and LiL Now Contidence, 10at lolb., is at the head of aoairs, and if started tht> bard going will uroimMy break him down. Kaiu u?w, lust Sib., is aWeetralian, but hasduue nothing since he came here. Arctic, 10 st 7 I'"., u> a consistent horse, and should have a real good chance. Kvanston, 10 st 2 lb., has foiled hid aupuorters on various occaaious. Astanius, 'J"st 10 lb., i? reported to bo a pretty good horse, and is in Ferry's stable. Ulen Owen, 9 st 3 to., aeemoto lack pace. CroiuwelL 9 ?t 2 la, should be al<out when ti.ffiudires box is reached, and Cyras should be the best of the other tbiee. We expect to find AtiGTiC win from Cbomwell and CIBUB. . lbs Ts?tmiUD SlJtEa five furlongs, for two-year-olds, has taken, tha place of last years' Selling Kaon, and judging l.y tbe <?ay it has oiled appears to have giiea more sattxiaotion, as there ir 13 acceptors, as against six runners in the Srtling Race iut y?ar. i/irk Hauiamrhaad, 9 ?t 11 Ibk. ie at the aead of affairs necessarily, 9st 3 lb. nexK and o.ce.ro 9at Vn tr?? boa been scratched. Parallax, o st, ba? nut yet raced, and -4 those below tbe majority have; only boon moderatrs up to tbe present Tne race should go to UUUZI.BK'cs best, with hvtJWiCK and FoaoaJt in the placer. fhe .a?t race oi the day, tha BcassiD? Handicap, has fifteen tb?year as a^auut imr ttwn runners last. year, when Helena won from Limelight and Marrystvule. There an two uuukoly stacten in .Vluodvva and Blue Blood, and of the olhen, on recent ruuniug we like boi the chances of HLOOiISTONK, Koss Pabk, and (Jltouinestha (if she baa a good nd^rup). The new Anti-Qambiiug Ao* will aomewhat a>.U>nnh many ot tne country racing clul?, wbo will nod themselves kit out in tb* cold and virtually abolished. By thia Act the Commissioner of Police will have to suppress many cub* to whom dates, for racing have been awarded by the S.A.J.C., or if these club* bold their meetings they will have to do ?o without the u.i? ol tiie totalizator. Again, the law piuvntea tbat every club must apply for the use. of the machine during the present month, and must send in their hhss, and prove their bona udes as to tbe num ber of their members, &c; Club* like tbe Moonta, Maitiand, and Southern Yorke's Poninsula, who raced in tbe month of Novem ber, must be prepared to show a paid up membership for the whole of oexl year, or tue Commissioner will refuse their applicaiions. More tiian half the country dubs wbo have been accustomed to run tbe Cote at their meet ings will cot now be able to uto it through l*e.ng too near each other as to locality aad distance. Other complications triil also arise in connection with the Act, of which we have an inkling, but leave time and events to ua fuld. The first note of actual racing for the new year has been struck as usual by Mr. Alfred von Doussa, the active secretary and promoter of the now famous Easter Monday Onka parintra meeting. We all know that the racing year proper starts from August 1, but the Cauitieid and Melbourne Cup meetings make I a break in local racing, and after Uawier' comes a g-^p, with a tjnil Sutler of holiday meetings to wind up the old year. The S.A.J.C. always hold the New Year's opening meeting, but all tba preliminaries, concerning it take place in the old year, so that we have come to regard the Onkaparinfra ' programme as the Srat signal of the really big I | meetings that will be held in IS9S. That it is': a big meeting, and a wonderful meeting for j ! a single day's programme, is admitted j' ion all sides, it oeing probably, with-1 ! out going Diet to figures, for reference! . the most valuable single day's meeting, so far as stakes are concerned, that is held in tbe whole of Australia. The published pro-, grummeof the next Easter Monday's meeting on April 11 shows that the old committee who have been re-elected at tbe annual meeting held this week do not intend to abate tbe interest in the gathering, ao far as the amount of stakes is concerned, but continue the five inonkeya (£&500) as an amount th?t would be approved by even the toffs of the English tuif for a single day's racing. In i addition to this tbe committee are making things easier to owners, in the sums they are . ? charging for acceptance, &c;, for the Cup race, and are laying out a considerable sum of money in making improvements on the course ior the oomizur meeting; and convenience and comfort for their patrons. The totalizator < accommodation oa the Oakbank Course should i prove to be sufficient, as the build tax a the largest of its kind in the colony, and special provision has been made for the speedy paying > out of dividends. , The little halo of romance that attached to my discovery of the Indian Princess in connec tion with the Melbourne Cup meeting has been blighted in the bud. The "beautiful being," as 1 perceive by s passenger-list of the Austra!, left Sydney on November 27 and Adelaide on December 3 for Colombo, in com- ' pany with her husband. Prince Imad Nawaz ; Jong Bahadur. I can't say that I thought j very much of the Prince when I saw him at ? | Flemington, but as Ranjitsinbji has aince i written about the dressing and un- ' |dra?*mg rooms of the Adelaide Oval | as being little batter than cattle pens it ia quite likely that Indian Princes will now be at a. discount It is evident they turn been bred in p?'-*—,. and find it weiiy 'aid to associate with plain people who dress in store clothes. With an Indian Prince**, however, ,it is entirely different She fingers in yoor memory ttka a. lovely dream; she 61b your olfactory nerves with sweet and subtle essences; i iiiiiwh apon your palate like pate-de foie-gras; and excites the feeling of specula tion (if such a thing be left? with yoa after toe settling over Flemington) that makes yoa wonder where ye are ana why such things be. However, she is gone from oar gaze, and I feel something like the ghost of Ned Braytoo, who appeared at the bedside of ? certain bookmaker in Melbourne and said "Lord Harry and Lone Hand will win the ! doable (V.E.C. Grand National Hardies and 1 Steeplechase), and I will not be there to aes' it" The doable came off and Brayton did : not see it, as be died the same night that his : oounter-preeentraent appeared. 1 was in Ade- j '? laida, bat did not know the Prince Imad Jong' Bahadur and his consort were on board the Austral, lake Ned Braytcn, I missed tbej doable. While Mr. W. B. Wilson was lying 01 in! bed at Menses Hotel daring the Melbourne j Cap meeting he heard of the pronounced stand which the Ad-wtrtutr bad taken in favor of Aurum, and be was anxious ko sae this paper's report of the Darby and the prognostications I then made, and afterwards that Anrom would beat Amberite in the Cap and the other events in which they had to meet, and which prognostications were folly verified. After some trouble (as copies had ran oat at the news stalls) Mr. 3. R. Wilson procured the papers for his brother, and the owner of St. Ai Dana got some consolation as an invalid in reading "Mentor's" remarks and de tails- of the racings Ale MTilaon rather let the oat out of the b*K by saying he wanted copies also to send home by the mail, and the following paragraph from the ?juWv TtUtsraph may famish a reason why:—"Just prior to the last V.R.O. Spring meeting a report was current in Mdlbourne to the effect that Mrs. Langtry had made a very big offer—7,ooo guineas—for the purchase of toe thxee-year old colt Annim. bat as there were peculiar partnership conditions eaid to be attached to toe offer Mr. W. K. WUaon declined to accept. A portion of the report was denied by the colt's owner, bat that there may have been more than a coloring of troth in it will ba gathered from the following clipping from Loudon Sxpartsmm of October33last:—'The International Hone Agency and Exchange, Tjmit??l is empowered to sell Aurum on terms which will admit oi his fulfilling his three- year-old engagements, which include all the important weigbt-for-aee events, and being shipped to England in May next year.' From a reliable auuroe it is gathered that Aurum is pretty certain to be sent to England about May next," [Since the above was written the sale of Aurum has been verified by cable.— Sr. E&) The jumper O.K. ia likely to come to Ade laide. Fred Webb, ia Mr. K. Dana's stable at Canlfield, has been picked out as one of the beat coming jockey* in Australia. Mr. Mania states in tue introduction to his catalogue of yearlings just issued tuat the valua of stake* won by the sons and daughters of mares at present located at the Welnngton park^tod amounts to over£LfUooa Thahatof winning horses includes the nsaws of Trenton, Cuirassier, Zalinoki. Nordenfaldt, Sardonyx, Stratbmore, Buwley, and many other first ehws performers. The particular machine of Johnstons and Gleeson's manufacture which started the De cember Handicap at Moonee Valley has been shipped to England. Mr. Jobnstune has made attachments to it that will permit of toe barrier bein? released either by ineobanical means or by eleetr.uty. It was mechanically released at Moonee Valley, this being the Srat occasion that one of Johnstons & Qleesons machine* has been so worked on a metro pulitan coarse. ?It is to Be forwarded to Mr. C. W. Matthews, who recently visited Mel bourne and inspected aU the siartimr machines m operation there. He baa promised to bring is under the notice of the Knglish Jockey Club. At the Fremantle Jockey Club's meeting 00 Saturday last the attendance was small and the fields poor. The Plying Handicap: was won by Speculation, with Moonlight and Vengeance in places; the Frtmantlt? Handi cap wan annexed by Try Again (by Tre maodo} from Ualant and Speculation; the Members' Kaos Welter Handicap-was won by Gaiant (by Sc Letter) from Blue Bell IL and Speculation; and tbeQailoway Handicap was annexed by Florence. Late accounts from West Australia report tbat Fadladeen and Brayleigh are doing very satisfactorily in their work under W. Miller's directions. Blackwood recently joined the string which are being prepared at Guildford. The constant Kilt, woo performed well in New South Wales, met the West Australian craclc Taruuin in the Spring Stakes), ova mr roug*. at Canning Park, and wan beaten rather vaauy by him, farqu u carrying U at. I and Kilt 9 at. 4 lb. Any other result wad I hardly exprcu-d, seeing tliat a serious accident a snort winle back not only aua|?mled ha.t's preparation, but nearly cost tbat anima. liis life Tne pair will have another opportunity 01 te-tinv their merits in the VV.A. Derby at the New Year's meeting. Tarquiu at latest advices was a hot favorite, and Kilt and i>?y ici^h next in demand. From a Calcutta paper it ia gathered that: Mr. W. Forrester'.-, old layoriw Highborn is bring neglected, though he ia being allowed io lead a life of idleness. The authority in question says:—"Puoroid Highborn ? iiving a very dull life at Woodlands, Alipura, and it. senna a bit aad that there siiould be m> one in charge of the hone bar a ayo*. Ue is looking all to bits, and a very caricature of the proud old horse who has so gallantly and so often taken bis owner's colors to tiie front He b never exercised, and if it is auy information to those connected with him the syce rarely taken him out of bis box. He deserves a little bettor treatment than tbia, down't he 1" Tiie following interesting details of racing and racehorses in India have reached us from Mr. Arnold Ferry in Calcutta, under dale! November 16, 1697 :— "llore we are sale and sound and all the horses welL From Thursday lslaud we had a very hot time, the weather beinrf dreadful, and 10 horses in. all went over bnard. We arrived at Calcutta en November % anil got all the horses off next day. Tbe weather here is lovely, and tha season baa, svrry appearance of being good. The follow- j ing is a rough sketch ot the beet homes op i here:— Quivss died ;rom iioon disease last September when #oing well. They consider her the best bit of atull that ever India saw. Kortinatus, the winner of the Bansralora (i-.|il Cup, worth 10,WO rupees, has oom p otely broken up ami "ill never rare again ; bo na? tha same complain, that killed Syntax, viz., malaria fever. Spbiohtlt. wbo woo cbe Viceroy's Cap twice following, is first favorite again this year. He aan Knglish bred od?, by tiallopin—Sprite, and is about 9 years old. He is an ugly customer, being hollow Lackuvl. and low in front* but with tremendous power bei.ind. Glcten, just imported from England (costing a.OOO gaineas) expressly to win the Viceroy's Cup, hiis got a combination of diseased, ana they don't think be will ever V worth anything again. Ha won tb? Good wood States in England just before be left. Wookatl is in great buckle. He j inped ones round the course over ten hurdle*, going splendidly (he should shake up ail our jumping races this season). He was ridden by "Jlicic' Burnt' (who thinks "this is a very nice place if a fellow takes care of himself," who! should do well here. Syllabus has filled; out wonderfully, and is apparently m great 1 ha?rt. but lias gota in bU wind During the ' Indian summer he got the fever and now' whmtles like a canary. Bit CLadt, by Km*; j William—O'Jane (King William by Norden feidt, O'Jam. by Uimma-de-Vergy, aYatttn-' doo m ire) left here by mo last season on racing term* is going very nicely. She was bred by | Mr. T. < ?. Tait, of Broken Hill, and whatever beats her will win the principal pony ra^uj. i Sbe is only 14 hands, SOLTA.t, by Pantaloon i —Blue Bell, by Blue Gown (imp.), also left! hero by me last year, won a hurdle raw during tbe Monsoon meetings, i won the Truil j Steeplechase on him last January up here, and '? we like our chance for tbe Indian Grand | 1 National MoNisTxitT. looking very gay, i Mridea along great suns. Wby this mare i has not done better puzzles me. Icola- I TIB, winner of tbe Australian Cup, is I doing famously, and will take all the beating. . they can give him. Mvacovrrx, bloumio^. ' Srst favonta for Indian Uiand National Steeple. Cocrallle ha3 guno wrong, seriously, ! , I believe; next to impoasibH for him to race this uxuon. Caoltos (Hales's) has not arrived at headquarters yet; he is still do?~n in 'Baagalorev' but the reports ars good, j PaiMCiPLS, as round as an appio, is very "all I rigbL' Ue is owned by Mr. J. M. KodjtM-: nactii. a cousin of Mr. S. S. Rail;, who' expects BTeat thing? of him. The old foot trouble has gone; he ia as heart? and gay as possible. KofBOLTO.v, locking rather ragged, seems much taller than ho was, or it may be the bang-tail and cropped nune that makes tbe difference. People hero stem to try and see who can get moat hair otf cheir horses; in davs to come they will probably abate them. 2 forgot to say that Sprightly is owned by the Maharajah of Pstiala, a £rent Bport i this young man ' paints' Calcutta yearly. Tbe war is going on most briskly, lo?g accounts in every morning's paper of the dead and wounded. This leaves! a decided 'dark brown' t&ste; in my mouth, ' but tbe Britishers are in front as uauaL 'Jimmy* Watson is going strong here ; he. has a stable of about 20 horses, including! Monastery, Lochina, ic. from Australia, and ' Vatrnay (a good cult, 4c). from England. { 'Fordham (who used to ride for J. E. Saville, I Tom Jordan & Co.. in tbe old days under the \ name of 'Everett') has a big lot in band. H? used to train Highborn for the ? Maharajah of Coocn Behar' until the British Government stnpoed bis dusky highneus' racing: The. wont of these Princes ia thU, once they get going money ia no object, aw) although they | are fabulously nob. racing mafcesa tidy hole in their MimiisslhiV'l expenses."* A report it current that the raring man Trance, which was disqualified la Queensland, has tons to America, after baring performed well at Singapore, whore the is laid to have pretty nigh cleared the board. The Grand Flaasnr horse Erewhon flats Beconstrootion], after having spelled far abooa a year, baa been pot into work again. Mr. C N. Kidman, who bonehfe Fadtadeen and Brayleigh in Sydney some months ago. and abo porebaaed several yesxfiuga, raffled Galant and Poiaaonier a few daya since at Codgardie. Tb? former was won by a lady and the other by a couple of jockeys. In tbe entries far the Port races the name Cyprus appeared in error for Cyclops is tho Hurdle Race. The anticipation that tho famoaa betting 1 cane of PoweU v. tho Kempton Park Kaee coaraa Company would be carried to Ihe House of Lords is to be realised, and the I vexed question of a "place" aet at rest for ' ever. Just prior to oar last files leaving Eng land the solicitors to the jockey club wen | served with notice by. the advisers at Mr. Powell that it is their intention to appeal on ? behalf of their client to the House of Lords j against the judgment of the Court of Appeal in the case referred to. ' The proceedings originated in the action brought against the company by Mr. Powell in order to test their I right to keep open certain enclosures on their property for betting purposes. The case came before the Lord Chief Justice on Hay 31, and an injunction was granted against the defendant company- The appeal was beard on Jane 17. before a speeiaUy oonstituted court* consisting of six Lord Justices of Appeal, and ultimately by a majority ok five to one the oourt allowed the appeal of the Kempwo Park Racecourse Company, thus reversing the judgment of the Lord Chief Justice, tod declaring that the enclosure at Kempton. Park was not a " place" within tho meaning of the Betting Houses Act. Discussing the victory in the Cambridge shire Stakes of Cbmfrey, "Ranger" in the itiiutraOcd Sparling and Dramatic if cm has the following complimentary comments upon the quality of Australian horsess— ?"Aus tralia was well represented by Maluma, and although she just failed to repeat her com patriot. Merman's. Onaiewitch victory, she ran quite well enough to show that these Waters will have to be seriously reckoned with in the future. Personally I never used to ore for them, bat I think that tbev have improved enormously during the last 10 years, and they show a lot more quality now than they need to. No on* eonid want to see a finer hone than Trenton, head of the list of winning stalbous in Aus tralia, and now standing at Cbbbam, whilst Carnage, also at the sams stud, is really a charming boisa. Herman, too, is a hard, game, staying sort of customer, and joss the sort to suit some of our flashy, non-staying, soft blooded mares in this country. Alter alt it ia not surprising that they should breed good hones in Australia, seeing that it is a far better climate than ours, and that their blood ia just as pure asourown; infaot, itUthe same, and in this connection it is worth remember ing that the ' Australian Stud Book' does not go back to native mane as that in too States does." 