NUTTY ARMSTRONG'S LUCK PJROM "Till': CONFESSIONS OP AN OLD 11UHOLAH." Alloa t— the convict hulk lay lolling on the shimmering waters of cerulean hue. Asijoro-tho convicts sweltered In savuge gongs under the blistering tropic sun. They looked tike ghosts In tne long white slops which covered them from top to toe. Crack of pick, clank of shovel, creak of chain, mingled with the boom ing of the surf us It thundered down upon ttie Jagged coa»t. Above all roso the hoarse oaths of warders, who stood at ease,' gun In hand, eyeing their des perate bands. Martinets they were who hnd sailed over many seas, who had marched over many lands, men of iron hearts and iron hands, who struck first and spoke afterwords. Even the despe rate convicts quaked in their grim pre- But even these mm of blood and Iron had soft places in their armour— all hut Nutty Armstrong, a rugged, block- browed, stalwart sergeant, who had served the King by land and sea for many a year. Ilia nose was blue with rum, his mouth was black with twist, his face was scored with shinties, his body was well-night covered with those strange devices with which wanderers love to be adorned— anchors, mermaids, dolphins, devils. Ho unreal for naught— not him— Nutty. Let a man do his best. If Nutty liked him not he wa« marked for ever. Let him delve or hew, let Idin strain and sweat, let him carry monster stones down to the breakwater, let him curse or weep. It mattered not. Nutty never let him be. Now It was a cruel blow with butt end of muskcL now a slop. with Hat face of nword or scab bard, now a ruff with doubles knuckles of that hide-like hand, now a kick with Iron-shod boot. Or he changed his tac tics with his humor, aiul starved his mark; short commons, thimbles full of water, no grog, no bnocy. Or It might be the durk cell, or the triangle, and the cat-o'-nlne-talts. Was ho Satan In this hell upon this twautlful Island, gloaming like sonic splendid Jewel midst those placid seas? One day. under hlq-persccutlonM. died Willie Ogllvlo — a fidor fellow of sweet disposition, whose weak will had got him ten years' tninsiH>rtat|on. Then did Ned Blake, Black Jack, Red Ryan, and Louis Napoleon — commonly called Frenehle— vow vengeance. Sweet Willie was their pal. By day six hundred convicts worked ashore; at nightfall they went aboard the hulk, an old. three-decker. Down on the orlop deck— thai Is, In the lowest deeps-llvcd the four conspirators, with some two hundred others, half on the port side, -half on the starboard, two stern rows of iron roll dividing one from the other. They were caged liko wild beasts. . Along the dim, narrow silt of n passu gc bel\yeen the two halves over jmced a warder through the hot night- watch and watch— four hours on, eight hours off. Supper In served; clatter of knives and (dates slowly centra;, mess kids nix oleahcd; tables are cleared; hammocks aro lowered; the tropic night bus fallen; the two, hundred turn In; the sentry puces slowjy to and fro; the hood Is drawn --over the dim lantern which swings. 'In Ihudhn dlstnncc. Thestcrtor- ous breathings of weary men, the sudden nightmare cry, the groan of wakeful des pair, commingle with the sullen thunder of the surf without: Hitch is the Interior of the great hulk's bully at midnight. Eight bells strikes the watch aloft.. There Is a sound of heavy footsteps. Two dark figures now collogue for . a moment In the narrow passage.. One goes, one remains, and begins his sombre tramp. In the remotest corner of the port side sleeps Red Ryan. Ills hand moves, and he gives a gentle tug at Ned Blake's blanket. "It's him!" he whisiKirs, and Ned rises In his ham mock, and drops, furtively on to. the deck. - He wakes Black Jack, nnd then Lriu!s Napoleon— otherwise : Frenehle. They huddle together for'a moment, then fall on' their knees, 'nnd crawl like cats to the Iron gate, heavily padlocked, which binds 'them safe. Then they Ho at full length and bide their tlmo.scaVce breath- » . .. .'. Presently the sentry. yawns, and yawns again, and rests In the dim distance, . Then rises Ned. Blake. lie haa a short brir.of lron.ln his hands— -it crow. In fact, which ho hiVs'brought In from the shore, secreted In his brooches, ' . ' "Aro yp ready?", he whispers. VAyc.'ayo," comos tho hissing' answer. Off comes the grcnt padlock, vith but fftlnt remonstrance A ghostly .echo, .though, .startles" the sentry out of his doze, and he stalks sul lenly down the narrow way, casting hid' eyes now to port, now to starboard. ; "A rat," say». he.. And ere thu words nrcout of bls moulh four knives are liome— deep, 'Into lungs and heart. ..With a horrid, sigh he expires. ' . . The four inen drag the quivering body through the gnte. nnd afiume.wlth mud pneslons wreak their will uixm-lt. , Nutty Armstrong, the bully,', is quar tered, and the quarters are heaved into tlio. mess kids. Through the bars of the cage poor n hundred spectral faces ; port and star board— thoy arc. wide awake, and curse, and sing. their dreadful choruses: "Down with- the tymntl Down with him!" ; ' The great' hulk, Is now. nwaku from stem to stern; lanterns lilt "hither and thither, like evil birds of the night, on' top deck, amidships, at last down in Iho depths. They are illuminated,' nnd In the. very centre of the halo Is the face of— Nutty Armstrong. Then did Neil Blake, Black Jack, Red Rynn, and Louis Napoleon— otherwise Little Frenehle— utter ono great cry to gether. . "Hands up!" roars Nutty. "Hands up!" And clapped the four cowering mur derers Into chains ere they compre hended the situation. ' _ They had killed the wrong man! Nutty's good genius had befriended hint, Indeed. He had changed watches with the dead man, and been ashore to a jollification, ' 'Short "shrift got 'the four. " " V And In the faint dawn they were triced up <to the ynrd-nrm. "I'r«nn Kfv» 'om itntifrlin' nnW." flfivn Archle.- -"Westmlnster Budget." 