The Premier made a statement on Thursday evening regarding the linances of tho. colony, and altogether it must bo considered satis factory. Mr. Reid was asking for £2,079,000 — three months Supply — which would carry flit wnntfl nf flin Pilblin Sitpuifift nvai< fill next October — and he gave lion, members information up to date as to tho position of tho finances. Of course, as in all matters connected with the public funds, there is a dilleronco of opinion. Tho Opposition inva riably sets out that those in power aro playing ducks and drakes with the finances, and landing tho colony in a slough of insol vency. Those in power, on the other hand, assert that everything is in a most flourishing condition, and iustead of a duticieucy there is a surplus. This is the way in iiuancial discussions from the beginning, and so, no doubt, it will bo to tbo end. When tho I Dmus Ministry was in office, although tho Government claimed that their predecessors ! had loft them a deficit, they said that they ! were adjusting tiie finances so thut not ouly 1 would some of the extravagances of those ! who wore before thorn would be cured, but the accounts so controlled thut tho country would live within its incomo. However, when Mr. Reid came along ho produced a a statement, which showed us plainly as figures would demonstrate it, that Sir Geokoe Dibds had been living in a fool's paradise, and waB either designedly hood winking the country or ignorantly deluding himself. Hut Mr. Reid had to submit to the Bame treatment. His figures were im peached by no less an authority than Mr. McMillan. That geutleinan accused the Premier of a fiuauoial gamo of hocus-pocus. Tho battlo between tho two raged very iiotly for some woeks. They pelted each other with figures like boys fighting with snow balls, or tho masked beauties who at an Italian carnival assan encii otnur wan uiui. wealth of flowers which is only produced on tho Mediterranean litoral, or these exquisite bon-bons which aro only to bo seen at Nice, Montu Carlo, or these pretty resorts, whose bluo skies and mild climates ore so attractive to those who cannot bear a British winter or squally autumn. Tho battle of figures between financiers who are politically opposed to each other is so confusing that most people give up its hopeless the tusk of en deavouring to understand the dispute. Reducing chaos to order is simplo child's play to attempting to arrivo nt uny definite or correct conclusion us to who is right or where truth rests in these contests. Figures, as the old saying lias it, can be made to provo anything, and assuredly our Now .South Wales public men gave many illustra tions of its correctness. However, those who aro not so bitterly biassed as to distrust anything and every thing said by those who rest iu different political camps will bo willing to accept the Colonial Treasurer's figures. They come backed aud vouched by responsibility, and from them it appears that during the years 1 of depression the colony has veil held its | own. Wo have always distrusted and con demned the policy which was at the bottom of tbo introduction of a now (iscul policy while tho country was weakened by the panics which culminated in the bunk failures in 1893, but when we consider that so much taxation was given up and what was collected in return did not meet it, it is very satis factory to find that tho finances are iu such a healthy condition. Mr. Reid states that when he made his last financial statement ho submitted that there would be a credit balance ou 30th Juno next of £208,000 Subsequently the Assembly voted £00,000 as a special subsidy to Municipalities, and £122,000 additional estimates. Taking these amounts from thu original sum, as stated, this would leavo a surplus of about £2000. But Mr. Reid thinks it will be more. The revenue received has exceeded his forecast, and the expenditure less tlr.ni he expected. Tho revenue will bo £9,374,000 instead of .£9,293,090, as estimated. And us £115,000 belonging to this year will not be received into tho Treasury until next year, Mr. Reid will be acquitted of having been rash in his calculations, as somo of his critics insinuated when ho made his statement last year. The uctual revenue for nine months, to 31st March, 1897, was £6,717,395 more, and the actual and estimated revenue from 1st April to 30th June is £2,575,684, making the totul .. m naf- t1 biin rlit ll -\ I4 f lia inch I llNHl ItO Qtl U UUV uli VI »MJ« twl vnu 'i-"" months tho revenue shows an increase of £150,000 ovor the corresponding period of 1S96, This is satisfactory, as showing that thero is more elasticity in business and thiugs aro assuming that normal state they were in before depression and panics commenced. With tho surplus of tho previous years and the estimated rcvouuo thoro is, according to Mr. Reid, a total of £9,626,593. Thero aro certain advances repaid or to be repaid, which amount to £13,590. This makes a total of £9,640,183, and, says tho honor- ablo gontleuian, "if I deduct the total and estimated expenditure for tho year, I will carry forward into tho accounts of next year instead of a huge deficiency of £483,000 a credit balance of £104,000 -£80, UW moro than my estimate." Tho Colonial Treasurer thinks thoro will bo a surplus for next year, and it is to be hoped this estimate will be borno out, but it must not bo forgotten that a certuin set of circumstuneos may materially interfere with his anticipations. At the present time a great part of tho colony is sullering from tho ctlccts of a drought, and if tho calamity- deepens it must affect tho revenue to a considerable extent. However, wo can only hope that tho disaster which juBt now appears so imminent will bo spared the colouy, for a drought coming now — and those who havo passed through tho ordeal UniMn tulinf. it iimimu wnnlrl lin a. frni-nmfi drawback. It would arrest the march towards prosperity which has evidently been entered upon and put buck tbe colony con siderably. Tho Treasurer's statement is a good one, but of course we shall be prepared to hoar that it is too roseate-hued. Those who sit on tho opposito side will denounce it as nn exaggeration and an inflation, whilst the immediate followers of tho Premier will represent it as understating rather than overstating the facts. When financial authorities differ so widely, the general public cannot bo fur astray if they accept the official pronouncements of the man clothed with responsibility, and who knows that if he make uny errors his figures will be brought up in the future, as ghosts to haunt him and disturb his peace. 