AIS'WEf £k TST (TUS* 1? A I'll lit ~ Dick Perrars was a captain in the Guards, and Maisie Ohalloner was hia fiancee. When their engagement was announced to the world at large, it created the pro* verbiai nine days' wonder, for they were about the last people that anyone wonld have expected to come together. The affair was freely discussed at 5 o'clock tea tables, and in club smoking rooms, and the uni versal verdict was that it would prove a failure, and be 'off before three months had passed. Bat for once the wiseacres were wrong. When six months had passed, the affair was still ' on,' and preparations for the wedding were in full swing. Shoul ders were shrugged, and heads were shaken. The tide of gossip and scandal flowed merrily, but somehow it did not touch Maisie. There wbs something about her that forbade any active outside interference In her private affairs, and the most har dened scandal-monger lacked courage to approach her on the subject of Dick'a de linquencies past and present. . ? I say 'present' advisedly, for though be contemplated matrimony, he did not contemplate giving1 up the amusements and the associations that belonged of right to his bachelor day*. Certainly those amuse ments and associations were less in evidence than they had been before his engagement, but they remained in the background all the same— and he intended them to remain. Most men poll up a little when they marry, and go steadier, at any rate, for a time; but Dick did not mean to. He meant to go on as he bad begun. In short, instead of his proposing to relinquish the aforesaid amusement; and associations that he might marry Meisie, he proposed to marry Maisie that he might not be obliged to relinquish the amusements and associ ations. This is the case in a nutshell. For he had coma to the end of his tether at last. Tho patience of his long suffering1 creditors was exhausted, the Jews 'wTJuld have nothing more to Bay to him, his signature was a drug1 in the money-lending market, and ruin, absolute and complete, stared him in the face. ' - In such a desperate otraifc there are two- alternatives left to him — and two only. One was social extinction, immediate and for all time ; the other was to marry money. Of two evils, choosa the leaot', and he ohosa to marry money. His choice fell on Maisie, for reasons that were Bnfflciently practical. He proposed, and was accepted ; after which he pro ceedod to play the role of devoted lover to the beat of his ability, and it was & role fox which his handsome face and delightful manners eminently flttod him. Ba6 Maiale knew nothing of all this. $h.Q W4 w) Hjwmpti atttJTO^n ^ W-fy nocent, and, doubtless* She suspected that Dick, in common with other men, had «o\m a certain amount' of wild oats in his time; but that he was still assiduously engaged in sowing them she did not suspect. -Dick knew she did not suspect, and he yprayed devoutly that her suspicious might . 'Hot be aroused, at all events until the itnarriage was an accomplished fact. The oddly- assorted pair regarded their 'engagement and coming marriage from '?- totally different standpoints, Dick's heart vwas in no way concerned, and his view of tthe case was that of a selfish, reckless man »t)f the- world. Maisie's was that of a true ssand loving woman. Her heart was in _ . . «every way .-concerned, for she had given it |tp Dick. He. was all the world to her, tand as the golden summer days sped by, £he dreamed ithe .dream that comes to no woman twice to a lifetime. So things went on, and the all-important day that was to change Maisie Challoner .lasto Mrs. Dick Ferrers drew nearer and H earcer until it was only a week away. ' iCAmeok to-day,' said Dick, 'we flhaL* foe 'tnan and wife. How does the ? = idea s'tn^.yow?1' They weFa sfvting out a dance together at Lady JRo'bineon'a ball, a ad they had ? chosen n ^ery comfortable place to sit in. A cosy corner of the largo balcony, fenced ' ? ? . in by a screen and a thick clump of tall palms, and ii^htea by £vvo or tb- ree JlPa' nese lanterns swinging overhead. The scented solitude was delio*'01' after the noise and glare of the crowded ballroom, a pleasant little breeze from the oa^ide world stole ita way through the chink'9 in the striped awniDg, the dreamy music of the violins thrilled sweetly in tho diflfc.' 1°ce* 'The dim light fell rosily on Maisie's /air uplighted face, -with its chiselled feature'' and satin skin, and the gre,-atgrey eyes that were so full of womanly softness and ten derneBS. She made a charming picture aa she sat* thero, leaning idly back on the sombre plush pillows — a charming picture pf warm, living,' lovely color, Dick spoke lightly, but he looked at her 'with a certain amount of anxiety. He could not help feeling anxious sometimes. So much depended on this last venture of His, and he was not safe even yet. There was a whole week of uncertainty before him, plenty of time that for things to pro wrong, and if they did— if they did, It was a subject that he did not care to pursue to its logical conclusion. ? A.' faint pink flush stole softly into Maisie's cheeks. It was a very pretty £ush, and Dick admired it critically from an artistic point of view, though it did not make his pulse beat one whit faster. 'It strikes me — pleasantly,' she an swered, and then she looked at him and smiled. The smile was as pretty in its way as the fiush, and- the two combined were alto gether adorable. Dick's heart thrilled with the pride of possession, if with no Warmer feeling. 'That is jusfc how it strikes me,' he said, and laid his hand caressingly on her soft bare arm. Saoh a pretty arm — round apd white and dimpled as a baby's. She smiled at him again, and his con science smote him, as it did from time to time, for he was not all bad. A vague sense of remorse stole into his heart, chill ing him unpleasantly. He could not meet the perfect love and trust that shone in her eyes and feel no shame. ' I'll go and get you an Ice,' he said, rising from his seat with a desperate sort of feeling that he must be alone for a minute. 'Wait here till I come back and don't let anyooe take my place.' Hb hurried away, and M'lisie, left alone, fiaaed back on her pillows and gave herself up to pleasant meditation. Ten minutes elapsed before Diok returned with a pineapple ice In one hand and a glass of champagne cup in in the other. ' The refreshment-room was sinoply packed,' he explained. 'I thought I Should never get near the table. This ice looks rather choice, and- ? ' he broke off abruptly. For tbe first time his eyes had fallen on Maisie's face, and what he read there. shocked and startled him beyond ex pression. In those ten minutes she had aged 10 years. 'What Is the matter ?' he asked, falling back a step and staring at her in horrified amazement. «' Have yon seen a ghost? Are you ill ?' She rose and faced him in the dim light, her hands clasped convulsively together, her face deathlike in its ghastly pallor, and in her wide, strained eyes such dumb misery and blank despair as he had never seen in any mortal eyes before. ?«« I am not ill,' she said ; ' but—but— oh an awful thing has Jjappenad^an awfnl thtafr' She pau8^d» bat Dick flaid nothinS- He waited in silent for her to go on. 'After you L^ €?™,' she continued; 'after you had gon^ I heard people taking on the other side t ^ ^e screen. They couldn't see me, and I eoalin t see them, but I heard every word ^ 8fa'A She paused again, and put her -and suddenly to her throat, as if something ' chok°d her' ' They were talking of you,' she % fl'\ Dick laughed shortly, though ^*s Heart sank like lead. He knew what was c nj£ 'Oh! I dare say,' he returned, v™[ uneasy defiance. ' And what did they fii/' to say about me ? Scandal of all sorts no doubt.' She turned to him desperately. ' I ought not to have listened. I know that, but I heard the first? words by acci dent, and then — and then I could not move. I seemed turned to stone. I can never forget the things they said — and the woman was worse than the man.' ' You' bet !' Dick said cynioally. He did not look at her, but at the shining tips of his irreproachable patent leather shoes. ' You may as well tell me the whole story and have done with it,' he went on, ' I hate hearing things piecemeal.' She put her hand on the back of a chair as if to steady herself, and stood there looking at him — her face white and set, her eyes glowing with an unwonted fire. ' They talked,' 8he said, ' of you and yout life, of your love for gambling aud racing, and every form of dissipation, and —and of other things that can't be men tioned between you and me. Was it — is it all Irue ?'' He laughed again. ' I'm not a saint,' he said, ' I never professed that. Did yen expect me to be one?' She looked him straight in the faco. ' No,' she answered quietly, ' I didn't expect you to be a saint— but I bslieved you to be a man of honour.' He was not quite hardened, but her words cut like a knife. He wincrad. ' Go on,' he muttered, between his teeth. She flushed suddenly scarlet, then grew white as death. 'I don't know how to go on,' she said, ' and yet I must. After that they began to talk of me— of you aud me — and they said— they said ??—? ?' She broke off with a gesture that was all-eloquent. ' Go on,' he said again. She raised her eyes slowly to his. ' They said,' she went on desperately, 11 t^t you, did rapt lovq me? '(haft you, never i; '? . ? 'f loved me, and that you only asked me to marry you because you had run through all your money, and because — because — oh ! the shame of it ! — because my money would enable you to keep on with the old life, and the old associations. They said you had not given them up, and did not intend to give them up, even after our marriage— even after our marriage. Is that true, too ?' ' . He shrugged bis shoulders. ' Yes,' he answered, recklessly ; ' it is true enough.' She looked at him for a moment in silence, then turned away. ' I loved you,' she said. ' I trusted j^iok groaned in spirit. The situation was the .*U08'i embarrassing and unpleasant one in whic^ oe na-^ ever rouna- himself. TTn had hnW^d like a blackguard— the fact could not be gu^sed over— to a good and true woman, and s- had -™nd aim out. It was not the firsS ^me that he had behaved like a blackguard to a woman, nor the first time that he had bee\n ^und o.u.^ but then these women were not lin'? Maisie. As he stood there, staring at the floor .7* sullen silence and feeling like a prisoner at the bar, he thought of all that this meant to him — and it meant just everything. He had lost his last chance. Nothing lay before him but ruin and misery and degra dation* It was all over now. He had played a desperate game, and his luck had failed him at the critical moment. There waB no more to be said or done. Hence forth his world would know him not. \- As he realised all this with intense bitterness of spirit, he suddenly realised something else, too ; . something that filled him with surprise so overwhelming, so be wildering, so appalling, that it drowned for the time being all other feelings. It was Maisie that he regretted most of all — Maisie ! The woman to whom he had sold himself in order that he might retain certain things, had, by some strangely ironical freak of fate, become far dearer to him than the things for whose sake ho had been more than willing to sell himself. And he had not known it until that moment. It has been said that we never appreciate a thing at its true value until we have lost it, and Dick bowed to the truth of the old saying. Now that Maisie wag lost to him for ever he realised all that she had been to him — realised that he was honestly and genuinely in love for the first time iu his life, and with a woman who was tjh.^ ? j^ opposite, of, $\ tbe wppma he had ever admired before. And this new strange love had grown up in hia heart so quietly and gradually that be had not suspected his existence till the present crisis had caused id to leap into sudden passionate being. ; Truly we are but puppets In the hands of destiny.' ' I loved you,' Maisie said again, her soft voice strained and broken, her soft eyes dim with bitler tears, 'and I thought — I thought you loved me.' For minutes that seemed houre to both of them, Dick stood still staring at the fl -or, with his hands thrust deep in his pockets. Then he raised his eyes slowly to her face and made a step forward. 'I am not going to ask you to forgive me,' he said, 'that would be only waste of - time. Mine was the ein, and mine must be the punishment. After to-night you'll never see me again ; but I ehould like to tell you the truth before I go. I began by telling you lies, but you're not the sort of woman man goes on telling lies to. Listen. It's true that I've always been a bad lot, and that I always meant to go on being a bad lot. It's true, too, that I didn't care for you when I proposed to you, and I only asked you to marry me so that I might have the means of going on as I had begun. So much for the past — now for the present.' Ha paused for a moment, then went on in a lower tone : — ' The present is, that I love you, but God knows how it has come about, for I give you my word of honor I never knew it till this moment. It seems a queer thing that a man should love a woman without knowing it; but the world is full of queer things. Yes, I love you. You are . more to me now than all the things that I U9ed to think made life worth living. I hate the old life, and I hate the old asso ciations. The mere thought of them sickens me. I have been blind, but I am blind no longer. My eyes are opened.' He paused again, and sighed hopelessly. Sbe looked at him. ' You love me,' she said in a breathless whisper; 'you love me after all. Is it true?' ' Yes,' he answered with a hoarse laugh ; ' it is true. As true as that I stand here tha most miserable and ashamed and degraded man on all God's earth. You're a good woman, and perhaps with your help I might have got to be different in time. But it's no use thinking about that now ; it's too late. Now there nothing left to me but to g). We've both had our say, and— and I 'von't ask you to ohake' hands with me. Good-bye.' And, as he spoke, he turned and walked slowly away. . ' ? Maisie stood where he left her, her hands pressed together in a convulsive clasp, the hot calour flushing and fading in her cheeks, a new strange light shining in her eyes. Once — twice she strove to epeak, but her trembling could not frame the words she wished to utter. When he reached the screen he tamed and looked back a last long look. She found her voice then. ' Dick,' she oried, ' Dick.' He did not move, but stood there look-* ing at her in silence. She came quickly towards him. ' Don't go,' she said, ' I don'fc want yoii to go. I want you to stay.' A dazed expression crossed his face. .'* Sky/' he repeated stupidly. ' Stay. I__I (jOIi^ understand.' Her eyes a' ^ed him *»* tneIr glo* and tenderness as (4-y-oked into his. ' Yes, stay,' she said. ' Don fc &° *wav from me. I— I can't spare ?ou,' , WeveE mind, what you have been; th*6 l3« ovet and done with. . It was not the fact 01 Mvoa^, being bad that broke my heart, but the thought that you did not love me now, and that makes up for everything. It was all I waated you to say. If you love me and hate the old life, won't you — shall I— -can't we begin a new life together — you and I.' He drew a long, deep breath, and passed his hand over his eyes. He felt like a man in a dream. ' You could never trust me,' said at last, and his voice sounded hoarse and broken. 'You would always remember how I deceived you once, aud so should I. You had better let me go. The risk is too great.' She smiled up In his face. . * . ' I am not afraid of the risk,' she said. ' I am willing to undertake it — if you will share it.' And she held out her hands to him. It is estimated that a man in good health and taking a fair amount of bodily exercise consumes about two and. a half pounds of solid food and rathor less than, tty$9 pu^ of liquid, foqd fo 3 d^, 