THQMAS JARYIS INTERVIEWED. ua xnursaay niterpoon, our rgpreaBui/titivp ipade hja nay t° the hqmble h°Me qf Mr Thorp as Jarvis, •Jq Crowndane, Ultimo. He was jiscoyefed nprsjng a two year-old baby, anj his face declared him to be one of the happiest men ip Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although' pale and bearing still the marks of a oritioal illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply'to the preliminary questions, he said : “You wapt to know all about' thy case? Wellj I ajp glad of an opportunity to fell you. The facts may be of value to those who' are stricken ps J wan.” “ How Iqng were yop suffering i” “ Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that f haj to lpave off work, and 1 have done nothing since1 then,' About five years ago next Christinas, | piet with an accidpqt; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt:Street? Sydney. ‘Since accident J pave bpen in failing hpalth, and after four years of gradual development of the'malady, I wqs forced to give1 up my billet at tho Plebe IsHm'd.”" “ What were the symptoms ?” 11 Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels apd bladdep, and was q pui?ance to myself and everyone'olstV I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and . Could neith'et' eat nor sleep." On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and He told me that my caBe was ntterly hopeless. However, he gave me an ordej to the pneotor of Gharjtabie ptstitntionq.'l . Did you make use of the order ?” | *' No; 1 earns home and vent to he'd, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I coaid not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending mo, aud did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my logs. (JuBt then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertise ment describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which 1 read in the “Australian Workman,” by Dr. William’s Pink Pills for Pale People. ^ I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I imme diately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got tho^Piok Pills, but I waa.too_.weak to use themV-aud now I don’t want them* All X want is. this stick) and X hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.” “He is 100 per cent, better,” said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. “ The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him.” A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years youneer that day than he did a fortnight previously. “I can now,” continued Jarvis, “have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to ho n the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex cruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Every body who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about here has caused quite a sensation out here.” Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams’ Pink PiU» for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an im poverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscu lar weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, ner? vous headache, etc. 