A PERILOUS POSfflOI. / 'By MARY ALBERT, . Author o£ " The Luckiest Man in the World," . y"The,Bride of a Day," ''Brooke Finchley's • Daughter," "A Hidden-Terror," "Delia's \- Story," '.' The Shelling of the Peas," &e;,, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author. I \- All rights reserved. Chapter XIII.—Strange Tidings. •" Leigh Eurrowes had been spending a good part of this eventful evening in pacing up and down the.shrubbery with Emmie (her hand in his), but as he bad by no' means enjoyed enough of h9r society he again came up to ..Oak Park that evening on pretence of having something to arrange-with Martin, and once there Emmie and Leigh sang duets together—with Mrs. Grey sitting by, of. course—but that did hot preclude a'whispered word, a glance, or smile, Leigli and Emmie both feeling that these were the last hours they, would spend together for a long while toeorne, for Sir Bertram and Ladv Lawford were daily expected home and when they, arrived Emmie had determined at whatever cost to teli the truth and she knew that banishment from Leigh would be the re sult. So the lovers made the most of their op portunities. ;. _ ' . • " v From time to. time Martin, whose entire approval and sympathy were, freely, given, be stowed some well-meant advice on the young pair. " 1 ' .\ "Yon two stick to each other and you'll be rewarded in the.long run," he would say sen ten tiously. "And you, Emmie,; have courage . enough to say ''I'won't' to every other suitor and in time you can sav ' I will' to Leigh. And Twill see you both married." .. On this particular evening Martin proposed ; a round game after the music and it was nearly ' 11 o'clock before Leigh said good-night to Martin at the hall: door. . "Why, wbat'sup?" inquired the boy, as he noticed a group' of the servants gathered on the.carriage drive before the entrance. "Mr. Olford has disappeared,'sir," replied the butler, detaching himself from his com panions and coming forward, "and it is feared that .someone has attacked him as he- v' passing The Ruins." ' *' *• "Wny, what;has happened, Turner?" asked Leigh eagerly. "I'll go and help in- the search."; "Wo. don't know exactly what has hap pened, sir," replied Turner, but Mr. Olford arrived at the station to-night on his return home and as usual started to walk across the park, but he has not come home and Mr. Reginald thinks some harm has happened to him."' T'~ Emmie and Mrs. Grey had come out upon the steps' to listen and the hearts of both ladies quailed. ' After the' disappearance of the vicar of Thorpeleigh and the attempt to carry off little-Basil . they; were-prepared for any other outrage. • "Are they searching the Ruins?" enquired Leigh Eurrowes. * -"Oh, yes, sir. But there isn't a trace of anyone there. I have only just heard of it." "Did Mr. Olford come by the 9 o'clock express ?' was Leigh's next question. ' "Yes, sib, as he usually does. The coach man, mek him-and took his trunk and port manteau in the .pony-car^ Mr. Olford saying lie should walk up, as usual. You see it is a half-hour's walk, good, and the night was fine, so no one was alarmed till it grew towards 10 o'clock. Mr. Reginald was dining out, but when it struck half-past 10 and Mr. Olford had not come in they sent round to let him know and he set off at once with two or three of the men, carrying' torches, and others followed." . ■ "I'm off to see if I can be of any use," said Leigh. "Mr. Olford may have fallen down in the park before he got to the Ruins." "I'll comewith you, sir, if you'll allow me," said Turner; ""and it "will be as well to have the pony-trap,-we shall 'get-over the ground quicker." " All right, Turner." Martin would fain have taken Turner's place, but Leigh, Emmie, and Mrs. Grey alike nega tived it, so, perforce the boy remained behind, and a thrillof uncomfortable excitement pre vailed amongst: those who watched Turner and Leigh set out for the Ruins. ' . .• " Shut up the house," said Mrs. Grey ner vously to the footman; "so many things have happened, that there is no knowing what will occur next." However fast the. doors were barred it was yet impossible for anyone to sleep with the chance of hearing beforemorning thata neigh bor, going peacefully home across his own park, bad_ been murdered. Midnight struck, ! bub no tidings could be expected for another • hour or two, and as sitting up could not''do. I any; good Mrs. Grey lay down on the sofa in her dressing-room, while. Martin and Emmie I v went to an upstairs sitting- room, and opening ! the window listened for every noise which might invade the stillness. "If Mr. Olford is injured and found to have been robbed," said Martin, "I know who is the man 1 shall suspect—Jim Hills ! .Ho has not stayed on in the neighborhood for nothing. There was always something about that fellow which I distrusted." \- " And I always felt that there was some thing about him which I could,"trust, ; despite ' appearances,'' rejoined Emmie softly;, . ■ " Oh, you girls' have such 'soft ; hearts." replied , the boy, who by this time was nodding :with fatigue and whose eyes closed, almost as he spoke, his head resting against a sofa cushion. '•''■••.• 1-", ■ • _ Emmie let him rest, but she had no inclina tion to sleep, and many a loving thought went after Leigh in the silence of the fresh and dewy early morning. Lord Eitzreagh had called every day, and not . contented with this "had written to her also,, besides persisting, in tending her gifts, : although she had plainly told him she could not accept them. :" What! ■ Refuse a few flowers or a little fruit, Miss Emmie," bo would argue; "or"a book, of which I beg your acceptance. All these are trifles, nor can I allow you to wound me so deeply as to return them."' : But Emmie felt that: they were not trifles, but the choicest of their kind, and the girl's heart was uneasy. . About half-past 3 o'clock, while Martin slumbered heavily, her ear caught the distant sound of an approaching vehicle. Was Leigh coming back with tidings? And were the, , tidings sad or reassuring ? . . . ; . , She softly rose from her seat aud leaned ' from the window. Ah ! the wheels stopped . for a moment, doubtless to turn in at the park gates. "Very gently she closed the sash arid \- glided away.from the room down to the hall, where a lampwas burning. But the house was very still and doubtless the servants, tired with watching, had gone to seek some rest. ■ Emmie stood listening anxiously. Nor had dhe long to wait before wheels crushed the: gravel and then came to a standstill before the hall door. Then she slid back the bolt and opened to Leigh. Turner led the horse i away, while the young man came in eagerly, j "Is there news?" cried Emmie. : ■ : "Not much. But it is plain that Mr.! Olford had entered the Ruins, for I found his handkerchief lying beside.a broken arcb, half way across the inner court;'l; i "Oh, Leigh 1 has a thorough search been made?" • •' ■ >. . _ "As thorough as we could make it till day light comes.back," answered he. "Reginald Olford is still there, and. a dozen mope; but they have been over the whole of the place carefully three times, and so have I. I am going back there at sunrise, and only came in to let you hear the tidings. Darling, good night !" • ' ' - < " Good night!" she whispered back. Then, emboldened by the complete solitude, the beautiful, soft, glimmer of dawn,, and the proximity of_ her whom He loved so ivell, he held her to his heart, for a moment and kissed her fair cheek. In many trouble days which followed Emmie .felt warmed and cheered by the remembrance of that caress. A door Hastily opened5: aroused the young. Eair from their brief joy. , Emmie.closed the ousedoor on her lover and met Martin, blink ing with sleep, stumbling downstairs. . • _ "Is this the way you serve a. fellow ?" cried he irately. _ : " ' Emmie smiled. "Well, it is," said she, "if you mean that I' left you while I came to hear the news. Mr. Olford is not found, but he has been traced into the midst of the Ruins; Lee found' his handkerchief there. Young Mr. Olford and a-searoh party are in the-Ruins now and Leigh will go back there at sunrise." " And I will go with him," cried, Martin. " Mind you wake me up at 5 o'clock. I'll not undress, but just lie down again." \- "Do, my dear boy,"she said amiably, "and Twon't go to'sleep till you are off." _ Faithful to her promise she wakened him a little before 5 ana ■ watched him speed over the wet grass in.the,direction of the Rectory. There he found Leigh about to set off and very glad of his company. The birds awoke, twittering their morning song, an early-risen cottager was in his little garden among his trim vegetables, bordered by pink daisies. It was strange to think what their errand was in this deliciously fresh and quiet hour, namely, to search for a neighbor who had probably come to a violent end. / "If Mr. Olford ha3 been murdered it is by that fellow Jim Hill, depend upon it!" re peated Martin. " We are by no means sure of that, Martin, or even that he has been murdered. If he walked through the' Ruins—you know how fond he is of them—to see the play. of light and shade, he may have lost his' footing, have struck his headagainstsomestone, and belying insensible. It is such a rambling- place,' with so many ups and downs, and the shadows of night are so confusing." . "Still, I don't see how his body should not have been discovered if he is there," replied Martin. ' • And then he drove on in silence, nor did they resume their conversation till Martin called out— '' There they are! the Ruins, I mean. Where will you leave the trap ?" "Perhaps I had better drive round to the stables. I'll find you—go on." Martin needed no second bidding. He met men looking utterly weary coming , out of the broken gateway of the ruins as he went in. "Have you found Mr. Olford?" asked the boy, running forward. . The men dispiritedly shook their heads and Martin pursued his way among the crumbling walls and grass-grown mounds, where polished floors had formerly afforded footing to gay revellers. . The sun touched the old turrets and played on the ivy; the whole scene was one of peaceful beauty." Martin climbed on a low buttressed wall and sent a keen glance on all below him. But he perceived nothing that could by. any chance be the body of a man. He had been told that "Mr. Reginald"'refused to leave the place but had sent in the others to have breakfast, but even he was not to be seen now; and Martin was about to climb down when he saw a figure cross a more distant part of the Ruins, and at the sightthelad'sfacenushed asheejacu lated— ■ . ' . "It is that, villain. Hills. . He is at the | bottom of this, I feel certain." And Martin scrambled to the ground so hurriedly as to set several stones flying, and something else of which he hardly caughtsight, but which went spinning along from one mound of earth to another till it struck a projecting buttress and fell far below. At the time he took no heed of this—what was there in so ordinary an incident to remember ? That .on i which he was intent was in verifying whether tbe.man of whom he had caught sight of was indeed Jim Hills, or only someone resembling | him. . He was in such haste that he stumbled more than once; then cleared a low wall to save time and again got view of Jim Hills.'; It cer tainly was the man and there was no doubt about it; Then Martin was suddenly pulled up in the chase and forgot everything else in his concern at perceiving .Reginald Oiford sitting on the ground leaning against the wall, every tinge of color having died out of the young man's face.; "Are you hurt?' cried Martin, hurrying up to him. Reginald passed his hand slowly over his forehead without answering. "Did that fellow knock you down 2" pur sued Martin,' ablaze with indignation. : "No—no !" replied the young man feebly. , "Whatisit, then? Let me do anything I can. I came over with Leigh Rurrowes to help," said the boy eagerly. - •"■" How kind of you. Just stay with me for a moment, will you ? Then we will walk up to the house together." " Certainly. How tired you must be. But do tell'me—did you see Hills—the man, you know, who was lately our underkeeper ?" "I'll tell you what I have seen," ejaculated Reginald slowly. " I have seen a dead man— alive!" 'Martin repressed an involuntary shudder. "He has seen the ghost," thought the boy. "Then there is something in the story, though I have always laughed at it." But it was no ghost of old Sir Godfrey that he had seen. . " Shall I help you up ? I am stronger than you suppose ; let me give you a hand," urged Martin. - "Strong; of cpurse you are," returned the other with a faint smile. " A fellow should [ be strong before he thinks about emigrating. Oh, Martin," changing his tone, "what can have happened to my poor father ?" And' the ] young man's tone betrayed his' poignant anxiety. "Has Jim Hills robbed him and left him | somewhere insensible?"' rejoined Martin. "Of course, if he would attempt to steal a child he | would attempt to rob your father. Did he I speak to you just now?" . j "No, it was I who said something to him— only one word; but it startled him consider-.i ably. Heaven knows what lie would not do, ! for he is as reckless as a man can be." j "Ah, lam of your opinion, too. Now, my sister Emmie always says she knows he is not' bad at heart. But that is ridiculous. Can : you walk now? Come along." j "That man Hills shall be arrested. I will! force him to say what has become of my father or he shall bear the consequences. Rim on, please; and send that inspector to speak to me, for I .cannot get along very well. I fell and ; hurt myself a pit." i "When he saw the ghost," decided Martin mentally, but he instantly did Reginald's bidding. The inspector hurried up, Martin • standing aloof till he was wanted. / ... "Look here, inspector, ! believe that that man Jim Hills knows something of what has befallen my father. He crossed the Ruins just now. In my haste to stop him I fell and he is ; gone. If you can overtake, him aud bring him . to me 1 think that I can make him speak." j Very good, sir. He can't have got far. I i and my'men will And him if he is to be found." j And the police officer wasted no time in further words. -■ , "He shall speak or I will proclaim to all j the world who he .ismuttered the young man as he. limped along, bruised and feeble, " What a shock the sight of him gave me, for I have thought him dead all this time! ' So the fellow did not kill himself after all. Oh, if he bias injured my dear old father!" Here he broke off, overcome , by his emotions. Leigh Rurrowes, determined to search the Ruius anew, met him on the way.* "Do take half an hour's rest, Oiford, you'l are quite knocked up," said Leigh. "You may ] be assured that I will not leave a cranny of the i Ruins unexplored. Has the park been well j looked over?" •...' : : "As well as we could do so by night. Half a-dozen men are out now. This is very kind of you, Rurrowes." "We'llkeep together, Leigh,"said Martin as his friend went on into the Ruins. "My belief is we shall discover Mr. Oiford and that he won't be living. Jim Hills was there. I saw him and so did Reginald Oiford. And, Leigh, I think Reginald saw the gliost. He as | good as said so !" • - "What, old Sir Godfrey's?" Martin nodded. Leigh looked graver still. "I am.afraid these rums harbor men of queer character," said he. "Oh; Martin, we must be prepared for the worst." : He laid his hand on the boy's arm and they entered the Ruins in silence. . " It was here that I picked up the handker chief,'.' said Leigh', pointing to the spot. " By I force or otherwise Mr. Oiford must have been | as far as this part of the Ruins." . ■ "And it was from this point (I had got on to j the wall) that I caught sight of Hills," rejoined j Martin. .';•_** You are tall enough to look over. Do you see anything below?" • "Nothing but a sort of battered tin case on | a heap of stones'." ; ' ; " I sent.it there when I scrambled down," said Martin. . "It would have given anyone an ugly knock had it coinc in one's way. , But, come along, it iB no good staring at a thing which is of no use whatever." When he and Leigh had gone all over the place, climbing narrow Stairways broken away and risking their necks more than once, and1 had assured themselves that no human being was hidden there.they passed by the tin case which •Martin.had dislodged from the wall and sent flying. The boy picked it up and turned it about. . ', "It's a handy.little thing," remarked he, "and only wants5rubbing up."! i ' "Martin, you will certainlybecome an anti quarian."'; No, you are more likely to start on Old Curiosity Shop, for your collection; of • rubbish increases at an alarming rate. But I dread going in to Oiford House, for had there been any tidings yet we should have heard them." ' . . He was right. There had been no tiding3 whatever of the owner of the Ruins. This new calamity wakened in keenest force the remembrance of that peaceful Sunday after noon when; the Vicar of Thorpelejgh had so suddenly disappeared, nor had ever since been i heard of. ■ Where was . his body lying?—murdered,. : doubtless, by some desperate villain. And ] ! where was the culprit? V Chapter XIV.—Margaret's Discovery/ ./V The tidings. of the :• disappearance of i. Mr., Olford reached Thorpeleigh Court almost as soon as the large household there was-awake,; but to Miss Thorpeleigh herself not a word": was said, as her friend bad enjoined the _ser-' vant never to speak of any disquieting hews before , their mistress till her v health was stronger. "But if Mr. Olford is not found before noon," said she, "I must for her. own sake acquaint Miss Thorpeleigh with what has "hap pened, for-it is impossible that she should con tinue to walk about the woods and grounds alone at nightfall unless this new mystery is satisfactorily cleared up." So not a word was spoken before the heiress, who, as her friend; observed with satisfaction, looked brighter and had more life-in her face than she had worn for many a day. After breakfast Margaret strolled out of the French window on to the lawn, calling her dogs round her, and Mrs. Moriston, observing that she was not dressed for walking and had not even put on a hat, was in no fear that the girl would go-far enough from the house to encounter any danger. And so, while the dogs capered joyously about, Margaret walked; on in the morning "sunlight building pleasant castles in the air. . _ . . She met the head gardener, Ash, who in quired her wishes about certain new plants she had ordered and all the while, though she ap peared to be listening to what he said, her thoughts had travelled far away to that pos sible future when Godfrey Byng should return, changed by time and hardship and the know ledge of her constancy, and they,two would live a new life together. After her briet dialogue with the gardener she went on down a shady walk, the dogs frolieing before, but she had no intention of going on into the wood beyond, though the animals had dashed through. the fence and were soon lost to view/ She put her silver whistle to her lips to recall the'runaways, who were uttering excited barks not far off, and who continued to bark notwithstanding her repeated signals, which heretofore they had always obeyed. Then Margaret forgot everything except probable danger to her pets from traps and she ran into the wood, calling their names im peratively. One of them, Dan, came leaping towards her across the tangled brushwood, but imme diately darted, baok to his companion,. who remained out of sight barking sharply. " He must be caught in a trap," exclaimed Margaret, hurrying in the direction of the sound, and a moment or two took her within sight of the dogs, who, violently, excited by some object huddled at the foot of a tree, now attempted to draw her to the spot. . The next instant her ear caught a distinct moan. " Meroiful heaven I It is a man !" she gasped and forced her trembling limbs to the side of the prostrate figure. The latter, bound and gagged as he was, perceived her and uttered another moan. A shock of dreadful fear ran through her as she now took in the fact of the gag and the stout leathern thongs that effec tually strapped the arms and limbs, rendering the man helpless. In an instant she had knelt down and removed the gig, supporting mean time the head of this hapless fellow-being. "Thank God!" he feebly uttered, upon which Margaret cried out as she recognised her neighbor. "Mr. Olford!" - " Uan you manage to unstrap my ieet r said he gaspingly. • • " I will try and I will get help." "No, no. Don't leave me.. The villains have left me my knife; with that you can cut thestraps." : Too deeply concerned to trouble him just 116W with ony questioning, Margaret found the knife, and after exercising all her strength cut through the thongs, "Ah! how. can I thank you !" moaned the poor gentleman. "Now, try to release my arms and I will attempt to walk to the house if you will let me. . ' Margaret's trembling fingers went to work again on the remaining fetters which bound the unfortunate Mr. Olford, and she bad to dash | the tears of pity from her eyes before she could j complete her work of deliverance. Then she ; aided him to'rise—no easy task, for he was ! stifE and chilled and the shock and misery he had endured had enfeebled him. Leaning against a tree, his hand resting on Margaret's ready arm, he essayed to walk. "1 will not ask you anything now. Only let me get you into the grounds—there we can have help," said she, her.concern.iucreasing. "You came, just in ' time,",: he murmured. Then they moved slowly on, she leading him, he panting for breath and shivering. The dogs had merrily caught up the leather straps in obedience to Margaret's command to take them home and now ran forward; frisking and shaking the straps, thus attracting the notice of Ash, the gardener, who was planning certain alterations which Miss Thorpeleigh wished made. ' "Whatever have you got there, Dan?" cried he as the animal dropped something at his ; feet; racing oft' with it again, however, before • .he could see clearly what the dog had in its i mouth. Then Dan's companion, Trap, raced ; up, comporting himself in the self-same manner, and by this time Mr. Ash perceived a handkerchief fluttering as if to attract atten tion, and then he heard a cry. "Why, that was Miss Thorpeleigh's voice, surely !" and he ran towards the signal made. Sure enough there was his young mistress, Ealer thah he had ever before'seen her, and by er side was a gentleman sitting on a bank. A second glance told him that it was the missing owner of The Ruins.. " Thank God, you're found, sir 1" ejaculated the gardener. . , ' " Can you help me—up to the house, Ash ?' returned Mr. Olford. " Bring the pony chair," cried Margaret. "Tell them to get coffee—brandy—and send off a groom to let Mr. Reginald know." "Yes, ma'am. 1 will be back directly." Ash was as good as his word. In another five minutes the cruelly maltreated gentleman was reposing on a couch in the library. One messenger was dispatched to his son—another; to a doctor—while Margaret remained beside; him, entreating him, with tears in her eyes, to j try .to eat something. I And when he had.swallowed some coffee he1 discovered that he was ravenously hungry and ; devoured the chicken with much good will which Margaret offered him, after which he smiled languidly and said, •more in his usual voice—" I shall pull through now." Bo that when the medical man, so hastily summoned, arrived he declared that rest and complete quiet were alltliat was needed. . .. " Stay here then as.Iougus ever it suits you, Mr. Olford," urged Margaret hospitably.' " I have already sent to Mr. Reginald." "My dear young lady, you are a marvel of womankind," returned he, smiling.- , " All this time you have not asked me how I came into the cruel plight from which you delivered me, so anxious have you been to house and aid me. But it is time 1 told my story. I suppose all the country side kne\v that I was missing ?' "All except Miss Thorpeleigh, sir," replied the house steward, who was in attendance. "Mrs. Mqriston forbade us to inform her of it." " And it was she who'discovered me. How strange!" " I". : " Ah, here she comes !" said Margaret, "in time to hear what you have to'tell and to con gratulate you on your safety. Mrs. Moriston, here is Mr. Olford." . . , " My dear Mr. Olford !" exclaimed the elder lady, hastening to greet him, "1 was in the grounds looking for Miss Thorpeleigh and have but this moment heard that you were here. What can have happened to you? The'whole neighborhood is in a ferment. Your son and all your household, together with- most of the people at Wrexley, have been searehing'foryou all night. The news only reached us this morning." "My dear madame, Miss Thorpeleigh has outdone them all, for it is she who has dis covered and delivered me." "But where? And, again, whM happened to you?" . ; "I was walking home by the Ruins (as I have been accustomed to do, but will never do again) when someone tripped m'e , up from behind and I found myself helpless in the grasp of two men, who threatened to take my life if I made the least sound, aud hurried me ' forward, into the midst of the Ruins, then to ohe of the underground rooms. I could not struggle as my captors had put on handcuffs and i was completely at their mercy.". "You were robbed!" ejaculated Mrs. Moriston. ' •; "Indeed I was, notwithstanding my pre caution of never carrying either watch or money at night. My desire to- disabuse the villagers of a belief in old Sir Godfrey's ghost has cost me very dear." " But if you bad no money with you or valu ables, Mr. Olford ?" interposed Margaret My dear young lady, the' chief 6f the bandits who swooped down upon me; had planned everything as only an educated man and also one well versed in the art of extorting money could do. In the underground passage, where a light might safely be struck without attracting attention, I was presented with a leaf from '. my cheque-book, filled in for the amount of ono thousand pounds. This I was: required to sign, or, m lieu of compliance, Ij was told to expect instantaneous death." " Arid you signed this cheque?" cried Mar- , garet, while her friend with uplifted hands and eyes inveighed against the robber. VI did— at length," replied Mr. Olford. "I suppose you had no alternative?" en quired Margaret. "At least so I believed, my dear, or I would not have signed away my - thousand pounds,' No doubt the cheque was converted into cash as soon as my London banker's house opened this morning. To secure this I was detained all night somewhere where I could not see, for my eyes were kept bandaged. I was, how ever, compelled to walk a good distance (as I judged between 3 and 5 o'clock) after which I was bundled into a cart and at length deposited, bound, and gagged in the wood where you discovered and released me." "And how long had yon lain there?" asked Margaret compassionately. "Oh, to think .that you were so near u'9" and we not there to giveyou help !. Butwhydb we waste time in-talking? Ought we not to communicate with the police?" - "No haste will, save my thousand pounds I feel assured. Let me send a, telegram to my bankers to ascertain if the" cheque was cashed this morning?" "Byall means," rejoined Margaret; "I will write it at your dictation." > "Thank you very, much, my dear. How much you have done for me already to-day. Write, then, a message to this effect—Was a cheque for a thousand pounds, signed by. Ed mund Olford, payable to. one James Hills, cashed this morning?". ' -- ■ - r There was a slight cry from Margaret's lips as the pen fell from her hand. "Are you ill ? What is the matter,'my dear?" cried Mrs. Moriston, hastening to her side. But the girl gave no answer and her death; like pallor alarmed those around her. She feitj indeed, as if she had received her death-blow. Was that the meaning of Godfrey's refusal to take money from her? Had lie intended all the time to obtain it in this terrible manner? "Only speak to us. Tell me if you are in pain. Oh ! she is fainting." They laid her hastily on a couch, rang for her maid, and applied the usual restoi-atives, but it was a long time before the unhappy girl reopened her eyes, and when at length she did so she stared vacantly before her and uttered no word. "This is truly alarming 1 Fetch Dr. Church back again. We cannot move her just yet. Margaret, dear! do you know where you are? Speak.to me, I entreat you." At this appeal from Mrs. Moriston she seemed.'slowly and without pain to regain her consciousness, for she said tremulously— "Yes, I know; lam at home. Let me be quite still.for a little while." "You ;shall, dear; but try to take this spoonful of wine. t It may revive you" She submitted, but pushed it away after a mere sip, closing her eyes as if exhausted. In the midst of this scene the butler, unaware that his young mistress had been seized with illuess, announced "Mr. Reginald Olford," and the latter, with suppressed agitation, walked up to-iiis father's side. " Father, "he cried, " are you unhurt ?" " Oh, I am all right now, my boy. But I suppose you have already heard of the uncom fortable experience I have passed through ?' "Yes, father; and the motive was robbery, of course?" '.i " The villain made me sign a cheque for a thousand pounds." "Ah!" "Yes, my boy—but perhaps Mrs. Moriston will allow us to talk in another room. Miss Thorpeleigh has had a sort of fainting fit, owing, 1 am sure, to-all she has been doing for me." '' Please go into the'small drawing-room, Mr. Olford, and I will gladly come to you pre sently," said Mrs. Moriston. Then Margaret suddenly tried to sit up. "Don't go away," she said faintly; "I—I want to hear—all." '> "Another time, dear'-Margaret—not now," urged Mrs. Moriston. " No, now!" she repeated, with an eagerness as if life and death depended on what she might learn. "We must not thwart lier," whispered her friend, "so go on talking, please." "To whom were you compelled to make that cheque payable, father?" asked Reginald, almost as eager to hear as po'pr Margaret her self. • " To James Hills, ex-underkeeper at Oak Park. And here comes the reply to my tele gram. Now we shall hear if'-the cheque was cashed as soon as the bank was open," " Yes, oh, yes!" added he, tearing open the yellow envelope^ " Cheque cashed at five minutes past 10 !" Reginald had sprung to his feet. "James Hills !" he exclaimed. "Rather, do you know who that man really is'? I did not guess till this morning. It was "just getting light. I had been all night searching for you among the Ruins •" "Well, my bov?" ' : "Rather, I saw a man cross one of the grass grown courtyards. Martin Lawlard, was with me; he saw him as clearly as-I did atid recog nised him as his father's late keeper. But I —I recognised him for someone else." "What, you know who he is then?" ex claimed his father. "Yes, and under these circumstances I must speak out; it seems a duty. Reluctant as I am to disclose another man's t secret I cannot be silent now. Prepare yourself for a great shock of surprise; a very great one." "Well, my boy, I must bear it I suppose," rejoined Mr. Olford, whilt as to Margaret she had bent forward, fixing her large eyes "with intense fervor on Reginald Olford's face. "Who—who is he?" she asked in a voice which made them all shiver—there was such a tone of dread and despair in it. Then the young man was recalled to the fact that he ought not to have permitted his feeling for his father, to have made him oblivious of another fact—the message which this very man, James Hills, alias Godfrey Byng, had once sent that never-to-be-forgotten June afternoon toMargaret Thorpeleigh. • The man had not committed suicide. He been playing the role of one, merely to excite compassion and get out of the way of his creditors. Gould there be a doubt of it ? Reginald Olford was painfully silent as these reflections darted through'his brain. " Who is he? Who is he?" repeated Mar garet, so vehemently that no one present could avoid the conclusion that the answer was of vital moment to her. " Perhaps I ought not to have said anything about it in your prese'nce, Miss Thorpeleigh," stammered the young man. ■ "On the contrary, it is I whom itconcerns," she saidi ■ half-rising, her color fluctuating rapidly, "and I insist on knowing." " My dear boy," interposedhis father, "why should not Miss Thorpeleigh be acquainted with what'shesays it concerns her to know? Do not keep us all in suspense." "Well, then," said Reginald, with evident reluctance, "when I saw the man whom Martin _ Lawford recognised as James Hills I knew him at once for somebody else, who had moved in a very different position in life and who was the Occasion of a great d eal of annoy ance and • pain to me whilst I was laid, up in 'town last June. He is- the man who came to me with a threat to commit suicide—I mean Mr. Godfrey Byng. The dead silence which followed this an nouncement was even more an evidence of the thrill of surprise to which it gave rise than any outburst of words would have been. Mr. Olford was the first to speak and he he said slowly— " Are you sure of this, Reggie?" , *' Oh, absolutely sure, father. There is no doubt. But we cannot allow this man to pursue his career unchecked or we may be an swerable in a measure for his crimes. How do we know what hand he had in Mr. Luiton's disappearance? Then he attempted to steal little Basil Long. Nov; he half kills y ou with a shock and with outrageous treatment after wringing from you, under a menace of instant death, so large a sum as a thousand pounds. This effort has been successful, too, and will embolden him to plan and carry out his next nefarious design. Ror he will not stop here— a man of his stamp goes on in his career of -villainy. Rather, it is your duty, your bounden duty, to take out a warrant for the apprehen sion of Godfrey Byng, alias Jim Halls, without delay. As the young man ceased his adjuration Margaret rose to her feet, white as any spectre. "A warrant!" she exclaimed, with a strange Bharp laugh and a harsh ring in her voice very unlike her ordinary sweet intonation; "a warrant against Godfrey Byng. And I shall be called on as chief witness against him, for it was I who found you in the wood." She caught , at a screen which stood near while her tall form swayed unsteadily; and then in one moment she fell unconscious at Reginald Olford's feet. . {To be continued.) Mrs. Modus—"Well, George, you promised me a new bonnet.". George-^"!? Promised you a new bonnet? Great Scot! Wtien." Mrs. .Modus—"Before you married me you swore that never should disgrace-rest upon my head through you; and what do you call this shabby thing but a disgrace ?' 