A SYDNEY MIRACLE. Inrestigation by a Reporter. " 1 "' TUB INTERESTING CASK OF MR. THOMAS JARVIS, WHO SAYS THAT A FEW WEEKS AGO HE WAS CRIP- PLED - PARTIALLY PARALYZED, SUFFERING FROM LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, AND HELPLESS.-DOC- TORS, HOSPITAL AUTHORITIES, AND EVERYONE SAID HE MUST DIE, AS HIS CASE WAS HOPELESS. -BUT THEY WERE MISTAKEN. To DAY HE IS A NEW MAN, FULL OF LIFE AND ENERGY; HIS CRUTCHES HE HAS THROWN AWAY; HIS DEAD LIMBS HAVE LIFE ; HIS APPETITE HAS BE TURNED J AND, IN FACT, HE HAS A NEW LEASE OF LIFE OUT AND OUT SO mach interest has been shown by oar readers in this marvellous case that we have published the factB again as they appeared in the Australian Workman a few weeks ago One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He waa discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of she happiest men in Sydney. He was np and about and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary ques- tions, he said : " You want to know all about my case Î Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value bo those who are stricken as I was." " How long wera you suffdring ?" " Well twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to le*ve off work, and I have done nothing since then. About I five years ago, next Christmas, I met with aa accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four yeará of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms !" " Simply indescribable. Tae pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw wero cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no concrol over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shak- ing, and could neither eat nor sleep. On 23rd March last I saw a well known doctor, and be told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the order ?" "No; I came home and wenb to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever siuce. Five weeks ago I could nob walk across the floor jiu fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it waa all over with me, and only a question . f days when I would give up the ghost. My coctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac- terised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating volun- tary movements. He told ms that I might last tor IQ years, and that I might never get. the use of my legs (Just then the pabient kicked hu leg) aboub with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp ab a sbraw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advercisamenb of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial, any way, and sent for a box.. The effecb was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eas and sleep as though nothing was the matter wibh me. It was the first appetib9 and rest I had had for many a day. It was incredible. I imme- diately left the bed and was able to move about1. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills daring the past four weeks, and am »now taking the filth box. I can walk aboub with tho aid of a stick, and am gradually but surely recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here ? They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, bub I was too weak to ase them, and now I don't want them. Al! I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You. see I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is 100 per cent better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " D.\ Williams' Pink Pilh have saved his life, and made another mau of him." A friend who called in ab thia point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fort- night previously. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold babb, and all the feeling ha3 come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am I hope to be able to résumé work as a boiler-maker, and yo-1 know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to day than I have been at any time during the pis* five years. I ascribe all the change and benetib to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave hie to deaden the excruciating paja. Bub they eau stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed ab the change in mt. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about ag »in has caused quite a sensation out here." Such ls the remarkable history, and confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers cf this country, of the astónjuhiúg .cares wrought by. Dr. WUüams* #nk;Pito for Pale ^People. They 'cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from au impoverished state of the blood, such as anseoiia, pale and s ¿How vomplexión, general muscular weakness, indigestion,' loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in tho bajk, nervous headache, «bc These pills are a tonic, not a purga tive. They are genuine only with the fall nam >, Dr Williams* Fink Fills for Pale People, aod are sold by chemists and storekeepers generally, or the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order one bo.x.for-; 2s. 9J., or hulf-dozen for 14s' ,9i. .'.! 