STR.AY NOTES. (BY Aw IDLER.) The Federal Convention has got to work at last and possibly :something may come out of it after all. Person ally I have very little faith in Feder ation scheme that will be evolved by the convention, There are too many professional polititians concerned in the matter, and not enough, business or financial authorities, still, we must, I suppose, hope for the best. There appears to be a good deal of difference of opinion among the delegates. Per haps this is better than too slavish an unanimity. I fear there are more difficulties in the path than is generally supposed. There won't be quite so clear sailing when the convention gets into committee, and when all kinds of fads and fancies will be proposed. Happily the radical element is in the minority, so we need have no fear on that score.' It is to be sincerly hoped that, in any elections for.the Senate or House :of representative's . :shall have no more farces such as the elec tion of March 4th. Iri any future election members should be elected by absolute majorities, and until this is done we shall have no fair represent ation. The second volume of the Rev. W. H. Fitchetts "Deeds that won the Empire" has just. been published. It forms a neat volume of 150 pages, plentifully illustrated. The gifted editor of the " Australian Review of Reviews" appears to have a particularly congenial task in compiling the care fully prepared articleslwhich has given him a wide reputation. Thie articles are. still being continued in thy' "Argus." I always like to write in favor of any colonial industry,' particularly when enterprise and energy are put forth to develop business. Suther land's Vinegar and Cordial Works in Cremorne Street, Richmond, is a case in point. Started less than ten years ago in a small way, it has progressed until now it is one of the largest enter prises of the kind in' the colony. The firm turns out immense quantities of the best of vinegars, sauces, pickles, and also Cordials of all kinds, which have gained a Victorian reputation, and are even appreciated north of the Murray and elsewhere. Best of all, perhaps, is the fact that Southerland's factory gives permanent employment to a small army of men and women, who, being well paid and well treated, help to extend the fame of the business. It is pleasiingt& kno~v that the business tions. I have read " Orme's" 'letter. He appears to' write at random, and has no practical'knowledge of the subject. Hence I do not' feel called upon to re ply to him at any length. I am not a Christian Metaphysician, but I have studied the subject deeply for many years and know' what I write about. The paragraph was written as ordinary news, and is no " puff." The sneer at Miadame Blavatsky is uncalled. for. With all her faults, that much cal umniated woman' was a very learned and lifted person. ' The expression "the average age of death has in creased" is peihaips a trifle loose, but its meaning is plain enough. When your correspondelit: ha. studied the proofs 'furnished 'iiy Christian Meta physicians I "shall 'be glad to hear fro'n hinm again. ''He must not sup pose that because lhedo.s' not under stand certain matters'tihat people are all fools who do so undeirstand. Last weeks "SoUtlern .Baptist" de votes no less than thre; articles to Buddhism. Two of these are'fair, the other the editor's leiader displays an amount of prejudice and ighorance that is truely lamentableb. In -these days when Buddhism lias: captivated and fascinated some of thie' greatest minds of Europe and Amerida,- when its sub lime philosophy is lpermeatinmg all creeds, it is idle to attempt" to 'sweep it away, or to ridicule'it'by absurd comparisons Wvith other religions. It is 'Umfair' to misrepresent Buddhism as the editor of the "Southen Baptiit' has done: :If he did nioit inddie~mrfanlita he should have left it atone,? or got some qualified persoin to have written it for him. This quarter's "Bordlerla?d" is in:, teresting, but it has far too nmuch space devoted to spiritulism. The full page portrait of S~edenlber" is a poor like ness, and Mr. Lock's article following it is a mnre re-hash of what has been written before scores of tinies. The art.icle on ivatert-findin' is'readable, so is the one on Psychic.Hea!iumg. There are articles on palmistry, astrology ghost- land, haunted houses, and a host of similar matter. Indeed there is something to please and aitttract all lasses of readers. 