THE SQUIRE 0F| KILDERMAY; OF?, UNDER QUEEN VICTORIA" ROLE. :a story of old England and YOUNG; AUSTRALIA. BY FREDERICK BUR DON. CHAPTER 1, The domain of Kildermay was of great extent, and its records dated back to the Norman Conquest. Its fief was held by Karon de Lacey, who obtained it front tne conqueror m satisfaction for milt tary services. But in course of time that family died out, and the domain passed from knight- to squire till,- in the time of Queen Elizabeth, it had been reduced to less than half its former acreage. The Norman castle built by the first baron, which had for centuries been a terror to the surrounding country, had be come- a ruin, and the greater part bad been utilised by adding to it a new structure of the Elizabethan style. Aoout fifty years p$©r to the com mencement of the following events the domain bad been purchased by a weal- -r n.y .Scotchman of the name of Good win. who considerably increased' the .size ot. the estate, so that at this time it fell lu.ile short of its original extent. Goodwin was a bachelor, by repute, ot a morose temper, and at constant war with, his neighbors,'- so that he \va= .Ignored by them— a condition of things which rather pleased than irritated. On the death of a near relation he had taken charge of two children, a boy and a girl, to whom he became devotedly at-, taehed, and it was no secret that they would, be his heirs. The only other member of the family was a ne'er-do-well, who, before the advent of the two children, had looked upon the estate as his on the death of .his uncle. He was a man of about forty years of age, fonder of the gay city than the quiet country, and bore a character the reverse of good. Robert Goodwin died, and, to the surprise of .everybody, left no will — at least, none could be found, and, in consequence, John Rawdon became his heir. The village of Kildermay lies in a hol low formed by the slope of the sur rounding hills. It can boast no claim to historical notice, for from the day the first stone of its oldest cottage was laid its existence had been humdrum, save for an occasional rara avis in the shape /of a visitor to the hostelry. But its tor por had begun to pass away for ever under the. slowly grinding wheel of Time, which had brought two changes against, which fell monotony itself was not proof. One was material, and awoke the echoes of the hills by Its shrill whistle, and sleepy apathy of the village hy the bustle it brought in its train. The other was corporeal— namely, the death of the. squire, and the advent of a new "an aster more in keeping with the new order of things. The village, as I have said, nestled at the- base of an amphitheatre formed by a natural conformation of the land. The crest of the hill spread for some dis tance to form a kind of table-land, and alien dipped in undulating meadows and valleys. ' One mild October morning a. traveller stood on the crest of the hill and sur veyed with evident pleasure the village Jielow. . The sleepy calmness of the scene, made more reposing bjr the ab sence of anything human, appealed strongly to his feelings by contrast to the whirl of life in the vast city he had "".iely left. ' He Was a young" man, slim- y built, hut of well-knit frame. &U.4; ffi.s jufrhner &nd; dress WtolcenecT a person above the common. His features were pleasant, and would be called handsome when animated, hut in repose they at- 'f ractcd more bv the sadness of expres sion, which revealed deep suffering. Though young m years, there was that in his bearing -which indicated intellec tual powers developed to a high degree, and a quick perception which admirably fitted him for the study- of law in which jhe was engaged. The beauty of the scene on which he gazed tempted him to linger ill contemplation of it, and to note the long, straggling street, an«j Tieat, trim cottages. There are othei views than this to en trance the eye," he said, aloud, "hut none so soothing to the mind. Yonder mansion on the high ground beyond the village is the Hall. Ah. me, there lies my fate!— for me the beginning and end of all joy in this world. Kate, darling Kate— my love, my life, and constant thought and great desire — why art thou so cold? "Why dost thou lift my soul to the seventh heaven one moment, and the next fill it with despair ? I will solve these doubts once .for all, though the solution crush me." The traveller arose from the gro.und on which he had cast himself, and slowly descended a path, now and th.cn stopping to pluck some wild flower more lasting- than its fellows, and en tered the village. Pie halted at the vil lage inn, and glanced at the prodigy of art painted on the swinging sign-board, which represented an apology . for a thrush — so unlike that the uninitiated were forced to read the inscription un derneath in order to find that the bird was meant for a "Whistling Throstle"— then strode through the village and as cended the hill by a private road which Jed to the imposing edifice he had before noticed. He was met on the threshold by a comely youth about his own age; but of much stronger build, who warm ly welcomed him,- at the same time up- — -braiding his friend for not sending word of his coming. "I would have driven over in the dog cart and saved you a tedious walk, George." "I have not the lea.st doubt you would, Philip; but I preferred to walk and breathe this delightful air. I feel better for it already, and have a mind to for sake dismal chambers, ambition, and all that sort of thing, for bright' sunshine and a prosaic country life." "Do, my dear fellow, and turn gipsy; I'll join you in half the expense of a van . surrounded by brooms, chairs, tin ket tles, and other novelties. "We will live the free life of Bohemians, and feast on stolen geese, hare pfe, and other delica cies." "Don't be facetious, Philip. It is very -easy for' you to laugh, but the joke would he on my side if you were cooped j.u dingy chambers reading dry law from .morning to dusk. Is this your sanc tum?" "Yes. ' It was my uncle's favorite room, and since his death I have made it mine. I am glad you have come, as I want your assistance to unravel a mystery. But perhaps you are tired and prefer to rest?" J 'No, Philip ; I delight in mystery. AY hat is it ? A ghost in the Blue Room, or secret passage leading to a dungeon full- of horrors?" 'Neither, George. It is a document which, so far, has puzzled, the wisest heads to solve. It was enclosed in an envelope addressed 'to me by my late uncle." "Ha! a will, by which you are left in possession of the estate provided you do certain impossible things." "That is nearer the mark, only it. is Siot a will, though it relates to one. But 281 ! >'/u mid better see the document. Here J ! K 1S'" ( A r n a hum ill 1 1 i hp <m d - m-iut to explain; our it is the kej' to the hiUiUa place or the will— mat is evident, i v. ul read it aeain. ray aear iTulip, — Tne enclosed paper I he i iUea.th lu you with my blessing-. Tt io;i.v seem the luohsh whim or an old man, but it- is written, with the best m- tf nt ion .tor your good. Take heed to its | ii n 1 tunc ill i o e i alu the paper was as follows; — 1\. was once animate; now 1 am mam-, ma ce. Memories and awe come to him who looks upon this shape which on.ee' held a soul. 1 am found upon the earth : j and under tne earth; in rivers and seas; ! on mountains and plains; in sandy'de- ssrts. where vultures hover and pools ' j run drv. 1 am part of the living and' the dead. Seek diligently for this thing, v.nich contains my will. " A curiosity in conundr um — eh, . George? You are puzzled?" 'Yes, Philip," replied his friend, re moving his eyes from the papier. " It set me thinking. Ha! What hybrid is that at the window: A shaggv- headed hoy had climbed on the window sill, and, with astonishment on his face, hung half in and half out, evidently disconcerted at the room being occupied. "Dan ! A hat are you doing here ?" said Philip, with an appearance- of anger. "Go away instantly, . ' The bov disappeared, and Philip, turning to his Iricnd. said. Poor boy; he w half- demented. Mv late uncle took treat interest m him. and allowed him to come and go as ne pleased. Since his death the queer creature has beendncon- solable, and haunts this -room day and night. Neither my mild threats nor tear of my cousin s whip prevent him." "Ha.s he a home > .-'Yes; he lives m the village with my old nurse, Betsy Stump; but even she cannot control him. But the paper, George; I am anxious to have your opinion of it." "No doubt, Philip; hut first answer my questions. Have you any idea of its meaning ?" "Not the slightest." "And your cousin, John Rawdon — can he explain it ?" "No! He pooh- poohs the document, and says there is nothing in it. He wanted to destroy it, so 1 have kept it under lock and key. You must know that there was no love lost between my uncle and his nephew, thus you can easily perceive my cousin, does not wish the will to be found.- As matters are now, he succeeds to the whole of the property." . "You surely have a copy of the paper?" "No, George." "T,hen I will make one at once; under such circumstances the paper might be destroyed." "That would not matter, for every word, line, and sentence is indelibly en graven on my brain." "Well, for my own satisfaction, I will copy it. Leave me alone for a. while. Philip; perhaps as I a-m not personally interested, I. may find a clue to the meaning of the conundrum." Left to himself, George Marsden 1 spread the paper on the table and read it several times. Difficult problems had an attraction for him, and this was the first of the kind he had tried to decipher. He had a peculiar aptitude for unravel ling intricate points of law, and he knew no reason why this conundrum should not he easily solved. But it proved a harder task than he anticipated, and at the end of an hour he was as far from a solution of its meaning as when he had begun. "Well, George," said Philip, "have you succeeded?" "No, I confess myself beaten,' though I have used all the brain power I pos sess. The thing' is too general; it exists everywhere, hence the difficulty. One thing is certain to my mind; your uncle \- — - By the bye, if he was your uncle, how is" it Mr Rawdon claims the heir ship?" "He was not." replied Philip. "We called him so, hut really .the relationship : was not very close." jj "And they were not friendly. Then a will does exist; your uncle had an, ob ject in writing this curious paper. He- was too sensible to do so without a definite and ulterior purpose. What that purpose was is pure speculation, but my theory' is this; You are inexperienced in the ways of the world, and consequently at t To mercy of unscrupulous pei'&ons;, or let me say person. The pPuperty re quires great, tact to manage, which you must admit; also that you are not suf ficiently conversant with the many little details so necessary in an estate of this magnitude. What is more likely than that your astute uncle reasoned after this fashion? He knew the .good points in your cousin's character as well as the bad ones; that under- his super vision the estate had prospered beyond measure, and that it would continue to improve if left to- him until increased knowledge of the world fitted you to have complete, control. He. was doubt less afraid -that your cousin might ob tain power over you hy fair or foul means to his advantage. Suppose he reasoned thus, and hid the will where it could not he found without the key to its hiding place. I firmly believe that was his intention, and that the conundrum cannot he solved except by travel in foreign lands-. You are expressly bid den to 'seek diligently,' 'and. from the context, through al the world. Per haps some incident of the past or future will make clear what is at present dark. Did your uncle ever speak of his early life? I heard he disappeared from Kil- derma.y for ten years." "No, George; he was very reserved, and a man of few words. Once only did he break through the ha'oit of coldness. It was shortly before his death, and we were sitting side hy side enjoying the coolness of a summer evening — he silent and I perforce likewise— when he said, 'Philip, -what a beautiful sunset! How brilhant the tints of the clouds!' Then, changing from animation to desponden cy; he continued: 'Crimson and purple, ciirne and shroud. Whose crime? Whose shroud?' Then he sighed and relapsed into silence. 'Of what were you think ing, uncle? I asked. He looked at me in a vacant manner, and muttered some unintelligible words, the while twisting his thin fingers one- within the other. I had never seen him so moved. Then he spoke clearly and forcibly, still staring at .me. His eyes seemed starting from their sockets, and the eyeballs appeared to be covered with a diaphanous film, on which the mind was portraying with vividness a scene of the pa-st. 'Too late — too late!"s he groaned. 'Merciful Heaven! shall I never escape from this torture? Oh, for one drop of water to moisten my parch«d throat!" Then he stretched out both hands, half raised himself from his seat, and fell laughing into my arms. He recovered almost im- mediately, and the fit, or whatever it was, passed off, seemihgly without any ill effect. 'Let us go indoors, Philip,' he said; 'I feel chilly.' As we approach ed "the house he stopped, and said, kind ly, 'Yes, the setting sun. Go towards it, my boy; travel and gain wisdom. It comes from seeking, even in the desert.' At the door of this room he hade me good night, squeezed my hand firmly, and added, 'I think I have acted for the best.' They were the last words he spoke to me, for the next day he became seriously ill, and -in three days he died." "And left you and your- sister penni less. I suppose it is for the best, but it requires a good faith— blind, faith— to believe it." "Yes, George, dependent on the boun- ty of John Rawdon. Never that, al- i though it will he painful fo.r us to leave this old Hall, our home for so niiy years. She does not know that she is no longer mistress here ; but it must be revealed, and the quicker the better. I will tell you -a secret, George. My cou sin loves Kate- passionately— genuine, I think, for once in his life. Women are women, and I am afraid, when he knows that -this .is ,no longer her home, she will accept him. To give .up luxury' for genteel poverty, and the easy posi tion of mistress' for the drudgery of daily toil — the position of a squire's wife and- fifteen thousand a- year to be come a portionless noboby — are consid erations enough to make a young girl eager to accept one who would enable I her to retain her t-nte. Simple and ignor- i unt as 1 am in such matters, I know what would resut from a union between my sister' and my cousin. Knowing how unscrupulous lie is, and the ill-re pute rumor gives him, I would sooner she should beg from door to door than marry him. George, as a true frend, ad vise me how to act." Karl Phillip been les intent on his own troubles, he would have been astonished at the effect his words produced on his friend. How often we forget in the -re cital of our own wrongs the feelings of others! It is human' nature to see' one side only— to utter killing words without a thought of what may be caused hy them. The sting of the bee lasts hut a little while but the dart which enters ; the heart twists and rankles uncasin- i'ngly. ' George Marsden was ardently in love with Kate Goodwin — not that kind of infatuation miscalled love, but true, sincere, ingenuous devotion, controlled by fears that it may be unrequitted, and o prefers to bask, in- the presence of the object of its adoration day hy day; to feed on every look and treasure up every svnic; to remember every word, yt is afraid to breathe the avowal that will decide its fate — . pure, unselfish love, re strained by its own overwhlming pow er. Every word spoken had dudened each impulse of his throbbing heart, and would fester deeper" and -deeper as time passed. But no sign of the anguish within his breast betrayed itself in the quiet self- command with which he spoke; a slight pallor, passing away momentarily, alone showed the depth of feeling. "You ask for my advice," he said. "I much decline to touch on so delicate a subject. You sister is mistress of her own heart, and it would be presumptuous for me to interfere. I thank you for your confidence. Pleased be satisfied with my answer." ""Certainly. Nevertheless I shall warn her against him.' . . . Shall we try the copse for a pheasant? This matter makes me a veritable savage. I feel I must kill something to divert my thoughts." The two sportsmen shouldered their guns, and trudged silent and thoughtful over the fields, sodden by the October rains. - CHAPTER II. . . Wyclitfe Hall stands on an elevated plateau in one of the southern counties. It is an object of attraction, not only from its age and picturesque situation; hut for the memories associated with its found ers. The central portion consists of a solid stone tower, built in the eleventh century, and is all that remains 'of 'the once huge castle which defied the power of kings, .Tile greater part is of seventeenth cen tury origin, and if not so imposing, is at least better adapted for peaceful times. Its interior is spacious and handsome. The entrance hall, semi-circular in shape is richly ornamented with carved oak", and the panels- from floor to ceiling are covered with tapestries depicting hunting- scenes. A staircase of stone, with marble balustrades, divides as it descends, and ends in two galleries, out of which the various apartments open. The g-allaries contain niches, in which pose knights- in armor and statues of former? owners. The exterior is pleasing, and its marble co lumns, with superficial flutings, capped hy cornices moulded in the mixed Gothic, and Italian styles, give to the mansion a stately appearance, which is not detract ed from by the more modern embayed windows. These command a delightful view of the surncii,adifiY.CQ.Ullhy., j.ud a wide expARSff ?>f meadows, plantations, and streams, and, beyond, rising hills of green. At one of the embayed windows stood a man, of middle age, admiring the pros pect with evident pleasure. Fortune had at last ceased to be fickle and John Raw don had good cause to bless the goddess who had, at last, poured her treasures without stint into his lap:> Everything he looked upon' was his; he. was Squire of Kildermay, and that was a sufficient recompense for years of misfortune ; and the change had come not a day too soon. The self-satisfied air and the smile on his face altered to a look of annoyance as the two sportsmen passed across his view on their way to the wood. He watched till they disappeared, then turn ed abruptly and walked with rapid strides the well carpeted room. His thoughts were not of the pleasantest, and soon his anger burst forth in half- audible sentences. "Confound their impudence," he mut tered. "If it were not for Kate, I would send them off in double-quick time-. I am ignored in my own house; my pre serves are poached, at will, and my auth ority is de-spired.But I must act warily— be circumspect and cautious until I marry the girl, then they shall know my mind in earnest. If I were sure no will existed none of that brood should touch a stick on the estate. What made the old man act so- strangely ? There is something beneath the surface which I cannot fatlvim. He hates me as much a,s one could hate another, yet, from a whim past my comprehension, allowed ' me to tako everything hy prior right. There must be a will. The question is, 'Where is it?' " At this moment his musings were in terrupted by a hand placed on his arm, and a woman's voice said, in an amused tone: : "What are your deep cogitations? I called you three times without avail." " Fie, Kate, you have been playing eavesdropper." "For shame, Cousin John! Even, if I was, your mutterings were- unintelli gible; but, I -would scorn to do anything so mean." "Pardon me, Kate; the words escaped me involuntarily. I have so many things to upset me, that I have 'become quite irritable. Please forgive my rudeness." The girl, mollified by the apology, for gave the insult, though the knitted brow and tone- of voice still showed slight re sentment. "I came- to ask you about this letter. I was reading in the conservatory, and put down my hock while I ran upstairs to fetch a wrapper ; when I returned, this note was on my chair. It is a curi ous epistle, and its contents are so strange. I will read it ; 'Madam, — Beware of -a gentleman, Mr John Rogers, who is living in your house. Be warned in time; he is a perjurer, and will injure you, as he did me.' It is unsigned, undated, and there is no address. What shall I do with it?" "Burn it. Anonymous letters deserve no better fate. Stay, on second thoughts, leave it to me, and I will >find out who dares to bring such a missive into this house. There is no one here of that name." Then, changing his tone of voice: "Kate, I hope you will quite for give my remark. I feel disgraced, and merit your severest censure." "You do; but. there, don't look -so sor- j i-o wtul. The horrid word is already for gotten." "Yes, Kate; but that is not enough. - Say you freely forgive." "Of course; so nice a distinction does not occur to everyone. When I forget I forgive also." The soft tone and tremulous accent laid on the verbs befitted the speaker and her disposition. A high-toned, lov able woman,. somewhat deficient in firm ness, easily led by kindness, quick to take 'offence and as ready to pardon— a prize worth winning for her womanhood alone; The time seemed favorable, the moment opportune — should he press his suit ? Then the letter in his grasp, for gotten for a brief space, obtruded itself and obliterated all other considerations —power, wealth, love, crushed out by the incubus lying within the contents of the missive. His iron, nerve gave no in dication of the turmoil within his breast, neither was the calm on the surface ruffled by the slightest change in his de meanor; nor did his voice betray in the least degree the tenr of his thoughts. "You are too go-od, Kate. Would that the virtue of forgiveness was- as pliable with us men!" "I sincerely echo -that wish, especially with respect to you -and my brother. Why cannot you two be- more friendly?" i "It is not my fault that' we do not agree. ' All my attempts to' alter our present unfriendliness meet with scant courtesy, and are powerless, against, his evident repugnance to me." "It grieves me to- hear you- say so. I have repeatedly spoken to Philip, hut he remains, obdurate. But I do not des pair; he is good at heart, and one day may overcome his- dislike. But I will not detain, you any longer." The- door had scarcely closed when John Rawdon, -changed from humility to haughtiness, which, however, gave place to- concern, as- he spread the crumpled letter on the desk, andeagerly scanned its contents. "The writing is disguised, hut the let ter can only c.pme from one person. How dare she come here! Her- indiscretion ' will ruin all my plans. Who brought the letter?" He rang the bell sharply. "James, who' left this note at the lio-use?"' "I don't know, sir.- I'll inquire." "Do- so, and let me know Immediately. Confound it, the contents are sure -to be divulged, and may occasion endless bother. Come in!" "The servants do not know anything about it, sir; hut Dan- was seen lurking about the premises, and was ordered off by the- gardener." "That will do. Fool, egregious fool, to become en-tangled with that woman. In her jealousy, she is capable of un known mischief. I must -stop her tongue somehow. What is the 'time ? Half-past four; just sufficient to- walk to the village and hack before dinner." Taking his hat and. stick, h'e passed through, the conservatory into the gar den, which was surrounded hy a. high wall, with an exit at the further end. The door was kept locked, being used only hy -the family, and it was1 the only ingress to the garden other than through the- conservatory. "How did that imbecile gain admit tance? Ah, I see! He climbed the ivy covering, the outer, wa.ll — an. easy matter for him; the highest tree- on the place is nothing for tha.t rascal, to climb. By fear or cajolery, I must find out how he obtained the letter." The village was hidden in a hollow a mile or more from the Hall, and the lane leading to- it passed for three parts of the way through, the estate, a. portion skirting the wood, from, the leafy covers of which, the frequent report of guns came at irregular intervals-. " "They are having fine sport — playing havoc with my game," he muttered. A little further on he saw a wounded pheasant fluttering on the ground, dis abled in wing and leg. "A tempting morsel for a. half starved woman and idiotic boy. The best way to reach the heart of this kind of people is through the stomach. I will he char itable for once in a way" — picking up the bird as he spoke- and wringing its Heck. ' The- cottage in which Dan lived stood at the entrance of the village, and be longed, as did most of the houses, to the squire. The other occupant was an old woman, Betsy Stump, by name, who was formerly nurse to the ladies at the Hall, and in consideration of fifty years' service she had been allowed to' live rent free, together with a yearly income suffi cient for h'er needs. ' . It was in the power of the new squire to discontinue both gifts- ini the absence of provision being made for their con tinuance. Suph a condition was sure to he- made in the will — if not for Betsy, it certainly would be- for Dan, who was a protege of the family. It had even been whispered that the boy should by- right of birth live at the hall — that, -in deed, he was- the rightful heir. Whether these rumors were true or false was known only to Betsy and the late squire. The latter was dead; the former knew how to keep silence. (To he continued.) 