NOW AND THEN. A DREAM OF YESTERDAY. • I«v Mopoke.] I was-s^anding in the city, leaning idly 'gainst a post. •Watching' wearily the moviig of the homewardhurrying host Screaming out of shop, warehouse, office, factory, ' cellar. Bank; And the -un's slant rays glowed redly on the buildings as lie sank. People bustled round about me, vehicles went rumbling by," Bagged urcliins shrilly whistled, newsboys called . ' their evening ciy. All theusual city crowd sights moved around me as -I leant. Foppish clerics, staid men of business, maids, and matrons, homeward bent. As,, the sun sinks slowly loner and the rose tints — fide to grey. Half in light and half in shadow nichtcomeson the Tieels of day; Dimly then, the figures moving seem in that h<Uflight to be Ghosts of long-forgotten people of an old, old used if> be. Building 3 , roads, and pavements vanish suddenly, I seem to stand On a wide plain undulating in a savage, unknown land, j And instead of-well-rlothed white men,round about \- ine«aw I then Xaked people, dark and swarthy, laden women, armed laen. Flickering camp fire3 wink and sparky smoke wreaths ilnat upon the breeze, Wild birds, as night gathers, liurry to the shelter of the trees. Write and Krey, and brown and ycllorr, flying with a frightened rush. Flocks of kaugaroosare boundinc, swiftly beading for the bush. Disky figures flit- behind them, spears fly shimmering i" their rear, Killing some, the «hilc the others flee with wild instinctive fear. Bound one Arc, when night is fallen, just within the lurid plow. Half sit, half kn-el a proap of women, who no modest covering know. On the ear'h with sticks they're beating, while they croon a monotone. Half a f oup, and half a murmur, part a cheer, and •part a gronn: And within tbe liihter circle, where the flaroclight bricbterplayf. AD fantastically paintei with broad streaks o' . coloured clays- Like deformed and hideous spectres, skeletons misshaped and weird. Savage men with crude war weapons in corrobboree appeared. All tbe sights of savage people, all the deeds of untaught men, All the wild strange ways of nature in her crudest, wildest vein. All that can be seen or fancied of grotesque uncultured life. Where no law but strength is heeded, statutes but tlie spsar and knife; Dwelling but a leafy shelter from tbe wind and rain, or sun, AU,inshoir, ibere is in lands where human life has ,- just begun. / Then tbe vision -vanished, and I saw the real XOff again; Cities, villages, and homesteads, dotted closely o'er the plain. Every sian of cultured progress, every sign of heart and mind As we know them, broad and broadening, striving light and truth to find. Where now is the wild unlettered denizen who used to roam O'er the fields where crops are waving, where now progress has her home: Vanished, as my (ircam has vanished, gone like yestereven's fears: Yet my dream had backward carried memory only 6ixty years. > 