OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (From our ojvn 'Ccrrespondent) We are now in tbe thick of the general elections, and- tbe aspect of affairs is de» cidedly -cnriouB, .The Premier not: only modifies bis own programme, but boldly Appropriates nine- tenths ; of that of : the Opposition. The result is of course that the . . Government are bound , to go back with a . big majority. - Still I have not an atom of faun in Sir George Turner. He is now an(^ r alwavs has been -an opportunist. If It' should happen that tbe Radicals and the - Labor parties are elected . .with a number , sufficient to hold the. balance of power, then the Premier will 'take all eorta of oare to work with them, and if needs be he will find a convenient way to explain away ail past ^ promises and pledges. : Mr Trenwith delayed addressing the elec* tors tili as late as possible. He ie being op posed by Mr W, B. Gedge, a Councillor of the City of Richmond, a gentleman wbo is very popular and a deservedly .esteemed oitizen, and if Mr Gedge's friendeiwork bar 'moniously together Mr Trenwith has oot tho^ ghost of a ehow of being elected, - . and he knowsittoo; so he ia as mild as a candidate' for holy orders. All the abuse, vulgarity and scurrility of which he possesses a rich fund, is dropped for tbiB present, It will be resumed after the election. Mr Trenwith too is sitting on a rail, he dare not out and out oppose the labor party, and on tbe other hand be cannot go heart and soul with the . | Government, eo he is just waiting to see , which way the political cat jumps, and that is the way which the notorious labor member will take if the electors of Richmond ace fools enough to return him again. Several years ago, a dozen at least, Iwrot£ for the Hay Staodard, a long article on Divination &o.;, which attracted eomeatten* tion at the time. I note that tbe famous Roxburghe Press of Westminster, London, has just issued a volume of over 100 pagea which U devoted to details of the different systems of divining by cards. The book is called ' Ye booke of ye Cards, M and redaoeg. Divioatioa to a system. A book of this soft' must not be confounded with tbe trashy so called '* Fortune Tiling 91 pamphlets .which1 are sold for a few penoei It is in fact aft aid to memory, or for reference by those who possess the gift of Divination and de- sire to practise it. for private purposes. In this matter-of-fact materialistic age, people pooh pooh all the?e kind of things, but ther^ is far more troth in them than is generally supposed. The volume can be procured from Mr W. H. Terry, of Collins-street, Mr Terry also sends me a thiok pamphlet published in Boston, U.SA., entitled 'Glimpse^ of Ancient Mysteries, Bibiioal and Classical ' by A. EL Giles. It is & most interesting publication, ably written, and gives a new interpretation of the Old Testament, mainly on the lines laid down by borg and Andrew Jackson Davis, the latter of whom isstillalive at an advanced age in America. It is impossible to give a fair idea of the book in a newspaper paragraphs t.Those interested should procure a copy and Ahey will find it to be .moat valuable tcv them. 1 am one of those people who etill regard wood engravings as one of the best methods of illustrating hooks, periodicals &c..; The so-oalled -''process blocks' which are now eo largely need have been adopted because they are ctyeap, but t haye/^er aeen &no; ,yet that equalled, a. properly ingiriived' wood block. Mr Richardson, .of^Rlcnmond, iia»* shown tnernumerous eamptts of 'hia work^ and 'they are really excellent, 'This gentle man |ai» pastmaster. in the art of wood en graving, and was for many years connected with the Illustrated Sydney News, andtn6ro ..recently with tbe Melbourne press. His work fo all first-class, and lam glad to recommend Since this letter was begun I have been enabled to examine details of the nomina \- lions for members of tbe new Parliament, Thirteen candidates, including three Minis ters, have been returned unopposed. At the last general election sixteen candidate* had a walk over. For the remtining 82 Beats nearly 200 candidates have been nomiuatedi so that the Government hold close upon £10,000 deposit money. It is not likely that all these candidates will -go to the poll, but under any circumstances some curioua results will be found to happen. Of the members of tbe last Assembly, all but two are candidates* but it is expected that many of the old members will be rejected, and much fresh blood introduced into the House. The secret object of the Ministry is to get rid of moBt, and if possible, all of the .labor candidates. After all . the boast and bluster of the Trades Hall they were only able to nominate a very insignificant number of candidates, and if the .whole lot were eleo :ted-the party would tbe no stronger 4ban they were in the last Parliament, -but . their influence will be considerably less and the number of votes will be Car less in the aggre gate than they received three years ago. ' Taking all things into consideration, and viewing the position from a free and. inde- pendent standpoint, I must say that the outlook for Victoria is generally fair and calculated to encourage best hopes. Still the Premier is not a firm man and always leans in the direction of the most votes, and this may alter the aspeot of things. A new organisation which I think will develop into something great has recently been established io Melbourne, It bears the title of ** The Grand International Peysbio Circle Association.' It has for its objects the spread of Spiritualism and allied sys tems of Psychical Thought, and the estab lishment of a gigantic union of spiritualists in all parts of the world for mutual im provement and benefit. The idea is a big one, and would not be taken up by many people. . But under the able And energetic general eeoretary, Professor ? Henry W*ter» bouse, I anticipate that -it: .will fee -a-, pro nounced success. ? He has prepared And pub lished a large and beautifully printed circu lar, a copy of which 1 forward, to you. . Any reader of the-Hay Standard oan procure a copy by addressing a post card to the gener al secretary, G.LPC.A,, 685Bourke,-street Melbourne ? 