Short Story. Roily and His Lost Master. Tliey say that tlio name of the station Is changed, and ' lJ a l ^ll> dog Is dead, but I remember, an J 1 I'll i u k i .shall re jiwuibcr always. In a sharp V of a valley, between two tail, unheeding mountains, stood a little brown station, all alone. There was small token of life about the building, so fur n« we couIJ see, no when the conductor camc back from tlie office with Ills orderw we wondered why tlie train did not go on. But pretty soon a toll, old man; with :i red flag under his arm, came up the traek ahead of the station platform. Some of us had alighted, and to us he volunteered, while he rolled his flag closer : "Hock 011 the track." " Is It very large 7" asked some one. " Nope, they'll git it off purty soon ; like 'Dough In 'bout ten mluulcs. Nope, trains don' hev much 'cuelon to moii liere long nowaday*, Used to tic a purty decent mine up youner," Jerking lite head toward the JKtie road ; "then they war eoiue doiu's here. They .hain't none o' you seen Holly, hev YOU V' he asked abruptly. " Who's Holly ?" " W'y, Holly, he'e the dorg" ; his eyes grew anxious ; .' he's u great insutu " Hon 'round these parts." .Hewcntoirt. " Say, Bennle, where'g Roll ?" he call ed. His voice was different from that In which he spoke to the men outside. Hie answer was Inaudible. . " Hump 1 Curious, ain't it ? When aid he go ?" Again the Inaudible reply. . CrWe!>' mU8t 'a' beard ti»e whistle." ? ,|He oame l)nck, but with his eyes on the brown road over the ridge. " Didn't It pan out V" asked one. " IHuli ? Oh, the mine 1 I dunno I guess 'twould of-" but the old Idea was too strung-his eyes sought the slope again. " Now, where In time Is flint dorg ? Ho hain't use' to nifesiu' trains." ?| What was the inn iter at the mine f" " Oh, there was ghosts came there, 'a' Hint sc.irt everybody, 'n' now they -won't no one go nlgli but Holly, and Ike's interested, wish 't he'd coine, any. 8iow." ' "Well, what 1B it about Holly, my ,, friend, Is he your dqp ?" asked a big, quiet man, standing near his wife. .Hope. That is, he J» and he ain't .one way he's mine and tno lie ain't nr-one way lie's mine, 'cause I feed Mm ...and hanker after 'iin ef he ain't round. ? One way he ain't mine, he'8 Bennle's, \CMse everything I've got tlint Bennle jankers after n Jjls'i), on' Jjc tliiuks ti SijMP 0* Holly. Bennle's the telegraph j 'Notlier way lie aiu't mine nor Ben-1 i&sleVi; neither. He hlEself rhluks lie ,Tt>.,Jang» to a man 't hain't been 'round ; fliltc a spell-the last eoutractor I (ttrae * Hope.' He left In a leetle hurrv .ne'Dlg-lit, hein' found with some mine pjjrmoney mixed in his own Inside flfScet by mistake, 'n' be forgot the , .01®." v^Md they hnng or shoot lilm ?" ! J®bc old fellow grinned. .Siot *Jm; sent the remnants Bast 4 box. We hain't lookin' for 'im hut Holly is. Yes, sir, he's on j every traUl, an' between times UP, tbe mine to see If his man ""I® «ui!Ped by unbeknownst and gone p iber£r Joat then the conductor, passing, said: " Nearly ready ; , all aboard." The old man .walked with us. < "Oan'-t think what on 'arth keeps *lm. ' He'll cry Jill day ef he misses this tmln." .The; conductor 6tood, watch In haud, Ms eyes too oil the road. Tiieie he is 1" some one shouted. :.7*Bc knowed ho was late, an' took ; the tihort cut," exclaimed the old man. Our eyes left the road, and at the \- "Other <>nd of the platform met a small, fcmooth-eoated, black-and-white mon grel all dusty and panting, crouched with quivering flanks by the steps df the last car. .. eyes were on the .porter. The jjorter looked to the conductor for a Sign; the conductor looked at bis watch, and his orders, and nodded. Then the porter lifted the eager little hrut<! into the car vestibule. ? We all waited with eyes on the door W the nearest Pnllnmn; all but the quiet. nun, who had retired into the ? front corner of the car behind this news paper. ."?"?Blest if I want to eoo the boast "?disappointed," he said to bis wife. "Dons he go through (he wliole train V" 1 asked of the old man. " Yes, miss, all but the col'ulsi ear and ?the em'graut; ho knows that hain't the kind." Just then the Pullman door opened and the porter came through, followed l>y the dog, stepping high aud nervous ly. There were a great many in the oar, aud the ilug was bewildered. The porter picked hint .up aud put him on one of the seats, a double row of which ran badk to hack down the centre of the .' car. The dog put his paws on tlie ^ia<ek of the seat and looked all around, ears up, nostrils moving, flanks quiver ing, tail straight out and slowly waving. His intense feeling was manifest in every turn and move, In search for life lost master. Suddenly lie save a frharp yelp and bounded over the ecutre seats down the aisle like a young tornado, aud stopped with belli paws nil the quiet mail's 'knees, yelping. dancing. tearing the newspaper down .upon himself. The man tool; the paper away ami the dog leaped iaward hlw fiice with a squeal. But the npioiil broke half way. and the dog fell li.tck <ui all rmuw, still as a stone. The ipilet man louked at him kindly, and pm out a hand to pat him. The dog came elc*ter. Ills eye* always on the nmn's faee. and sofily imt his pawn on the iiiieo.s agnin. The wan said ; " Well, Holly !" The dog's head went on one nide in a moment ; rlio name was all right, but 1lle voice-tlie voice He got down mill bached oIT. Ills ear.< Wavering ; he gave one low, ipieHtlon Jng wh'.ne. then slowly aiv-wered the jMi'ter's call. At the toji of the ear sti-jM lie paused and came back, Willi head on one side and paw raiwed, lie looked again, and then, with a sharp «oif of bark, turned hack and weuf down. A moment afterward the conductor's watch snajvjied ; he waved his haud. aud (he train drew out. up Ihe bmnil canon. Hut our eyes were all turned back to tin? platform, where the dog stood, poised, head on one t^lile and fool lifted, looking after us. The (julet man didn't draw hack (ill we had rotindei) a curve ; then lie found a cinder In Ills eye. " Nice eceticry," he said. I heard afterwards that the quiet mail was llie son of Holly's old master. BiruDge, waen t it. -4 Weekly buu.. 