\C0MFLETE STOAT The golden nest BY EDEN PH1LLP0TTS, "Author of " A Doul with the Devil," "My Laughing Philosophor," "Lying Prophets," &o.; cofybioht. CHAPTER I. Two Sxbikqs To Hee Bow. SO SHE HAVE," snid old Poltook ; " so sho hnvo, and 'tis bettor luck thun tho likes of sho do- servos. A good string's hotter thnn 'YfJ I \ " a bud bow any- K ' \ II ways." <i Foltock was tho liP local Solomon of 1 Polglazo. By virtue f fl 1 of his ago and ox- \ Ay I tremo wisdom lio n ji\ I oeouniod a pedestal f H II aloof, from which lio i W ' A f ' I scrupled not to utter f ( P"-3rsrr5L the truth according M'W|Bii28t®5s?5 i,j8 lights, oven though tho saying of it might ho most un- pallant, as in tho present instance. Milly Pritohard was tho beauty of Polglazo. Per haps no other Cornish iishing village held her poor in looks. Sho might, indeed, liavo had twenty strings to hor how instoud of two, hut a euuplo ocou- picd all hor timo and attention. Thoy woro ussortivo beings both, and hold tlioir heads high, and wanted delicate handling. Each, -moreover, felt sure of success ; ono trusting to a purso that would somo day bo fat, ns Pol glazo purses go, and tho other feeling strong in the certain conviction that lio was tho bettor loved, and tho hotter figuro of a man. Beauty and tho Beust tho two men wero called. Beauty, in tho shape of a brawny, I sun-tanned Dick Riohards, was a fisherman, nnd had his business with tho majority of his i companions, on tho dcop; whilo one John ! Maoklohoso, an innkcopcr, stood for tho Beast. 1 Beast-liko lie was to tho oyo— a hairy-faced . man, with a round back and apc-liko arms, ; strangely long. But nono liad anything (against him, savo his tompor. That was tremendous, and wont to eonio in flashes, like bolts from tho bluo. His tavorn, "Tho Trawler's Rest," onjoyed a good namo enough. He kept it for his mother, and I when sho died tho plaoe was to pass into his i hands. Thou lie would bo a rich man — per haps tho richest in Polglazo. ' Muoklelioso and Riohards were " keeping -company" with Milly when this weird passage in the liveB of tliom began to unfold, j Sho hud told both mon plainly that lior own feelings wore undecided, and with tho frank- , liess of hor class in matters of tho heart, sho | led each to understand "that he might liopo. i So tlioy continued to proclaim confidence and dovoto themselves to Milly Pritolinrd. Sho managed tho two strings with no little cleverness; sho temporised, and pro- , crastiunted, and played tho fool, and worked I tile men up to exasperation, but sho would not finally deoido betwoon them. Meanwhile bath the publican und tho fisher huDg on her I word. Polglazo wntohed tho rivalry with much interest, and tho subject of Stilly Pritoliard's sweethearts wns always doomed an interest ing ono. Peoplo said sho must bo waiting for i Widow Maoklohoso to go, for slio did not hit I it off with tho old woman by any means. AVidow Macklohose, in faot, like the patri- \- archal i'oltock, andouo or two others, had seen through Milly long ago. "Blue eyes and gold hair, euro enough, " | said AVidow Maoklohoso; "so have thom I dolls in Mother Tempny's shop ; but tho ! dolls is stuffed with sawdust, and sh6 ain't ! got no moro 'cart than tlioy, and ain't no ; more to ho respected neither. I doubt slia's ' but a frowurd woneh whon all's said." Tho Beast, however, would hear no word ngaiust his heart's desire. Ho loved liis littlo shrivelled up paront well, and had been a . model son, but lio loved Milly butter thun I anything on earth or in heaven. ; Tho two men wero about thirty years of , ago, and had been friends until tho girl camo ' botween thom. Now, though thoy woro civil when they met, a volcano began to smoulder ' in thehreastof each. Relations of such a kind could not last for ovor. In faot, overy day tightened tho tension, and all interested in tho trio saw olenrly enough that their problem must ! speedily solvo itself lor good or ovil. j Milly Pritohard lived with her uncle and ! kept liouuo for liim. Ho was an ugod man, bliuking out tho autumn of his life by tho fire through tlio winter, in the sun during tho summer timo. He hud a small pension from tho Govornmont, but it died with him, and Milly had nothing to oxpeeb for iter sorviccs, suvo a stick or two of old farnituro. Sho horsolf possessed littlo moro than two i gowns and a fow trinkets. Sho was an | orphan. Hor niothor laid handed down a ! pretty face and sun-bright huir for her ; a ! drowned father had lmnded down nothing, unless, inuybe, u vain disposition und an un stable uuturo. AVith hor undo Milly, of course, did as sho pleased. Ho gavo her a homo and food, and for that sho paid him iu kind, cooked his meals, inonded his clothes aud'wushed thom, attending to liiB littlo com forts. That done, sho argued, she owed him nothing, and though somo churitublo peoplo, led astray by a face us inild und sweet as an angel'a, thought Milly wus only postponing marriuge from hor duty to lior old relation, this wus not tho euso. A variety of matters combined to inuko tho girl hesituto boforo taking tho momontous stop, hut hor unelo formed 110 part of tho calculation. At this stago then wo find matters 011 a day in March. Thon a strungo thing happened, and Milly found tlio necessity for a most abrupt decision suddonly thrust upon her by a dying woman. Tlio Beust rushed into old Pritoliard's cottage by tho sea, Bhoutqd for his niece, and upon her appuarunue informed her tliut his mother wus at the point of death, and had pruyed to see Milly boforo sho was taken. _ CHAPTER II. " Yei" ob "Nay." Milly put 011 lior hat and hurried off with 1 John Muoklelioso to "Tho Trawler's Rest." " Mothor's took awful bad in tho broathin'," ho explained ; "and sho reckons it's for death. So do the dootor. Sho's judged you 'urdly, Milly, but 'tisn't a timo to mind that. \- I knowed you'd como." The girl felt very nervous wlion sho wns presently brought into AVidow Maeklohoso's bedroom. A littlo withored woman, propped on white pillows in a big, old-fashioned bed, ; bookoned to Milly, took hor white hand between wrinkled brown onos, nnd then fixed bright dark oyes on tho girl, and gazed uwhilo without speaking. "I'm going," sho said suddonly; "I'm going, Milly Pritohard, and I wunts a ' yea ' or ' nay ' uforo I goes. 'Tis timo thee know thy mind. For tho lovo of the Lord, thon, let a old, spont woman pass away in peace, as thee can now by speakin' what's in thoy heart. I only wants ' yea ' or 1 nay.' Theo \ h'nint hounden to say ono or t'othor. I knows whioh I'd liofor hoar, but I bo bent on hearin' ono." Sho ceased, and Milly meohanioally noted other mattora around hor. Cundlcs flared on tho muntolpicco, nnd botween them an old olook ticked noisily. A llro roared in tlio chimney, and a kettle, with a long, thin spout, boiohod steam into tlio room. Widow Maokiohosc, who breathed hard, and uttered hor spoeoh witli difficulty, now turned from tlio girl to lior son, who stood at tho other eido of tho bed. Ho was waiting in a tromblo for tlio word thut must mako his futuro lifo or mar it. Even in tho shadow of death tho uttoranco ,!rom Milly dwarfed "11 other conuidcrutious. And tho girl found hersolf in a position whioh is always distasteful to women of lior oalibro : forocd to mako up hor mind upon a question nono could deoido for hor. "'Weigh tho words aforo theo speaks 'em cli\ld," said tho old woman. "Tuko time, thiAlgli tho Lord Ho knows theo'vo dono that alrcwly., 'Tis a wrong thing to keop two lads on Jthoma us thou laiBt, Bottor women tbuu tljco's got left maids for oyer along of ouch foolishness afore now. Fix thy mind, and speak for my John, if so it must he, for the fisherman if so it must ho." Milly wanted to say sho oould not deoido yet, but undor those torriblo bright oyes no word of ovnsion would como to hor lips. Sho lookod at tho Boast, but his dark hoad was bent ovor his motlior, and I10 was moistening hor lips. Thon suddonly ho turned to lior and spoko. " Mother's right, Milly, and you know it. Speak, and mind this: 'tis a saored word you'll say, and a word tlmt must ho truo. 'Tis a solemn timo, Milly, ail' God'll toll you whut to say, I guess." Still the girl was silent, and the old woman moaned in hor impatience. "Lord, Lord, maidens b'aint what they was. So many of 'om in tho world — so many too many ; and yet horo's 0110 as has bluo eyes und gold liuir, and for that sets horsolf up to ruin two good lads. Speak, I toll 'eo, Milly Pritohard. If theo loves John, for that love thee lias to him do what his dying mother bids, and if theo don't lovo him, say it and huvo dono. Aforo God, girl, speak truth. Mind Miolmol Hardman I111B told a lie to his dying brother. Tho Lord overtook him aforo tlio grass was groen on his brother's gravo. Him or hor as lies to tho dying, thom tho Lord oursos now and over. So speak truth for thy immortal soul's sake." "Is it, so liurd, Milly— so very hard?" pleaded John. Thon 11 suddon freak of thought holpod tlio girl towards decision. Sho saw tlio comfort of tho old room. Thero woro wooden pnnels round tlio walls, and solid furniture, und tho bed on whioh Mother Mufklolioso lay dying had a splondid canopy and mighty posts of curved blnok onk. Milly pictured horsolf in bed ns tho owner thoreof. Sho was not whollv heartless cither. Sho ldmirod tho Beast iu a moasuro. Ho promised to mako a humble, dog-liko husband who would lot hor hnvo her own way — a thing sho regarded ns cssontiul. Diok Richards grow faint just then — faint and fainter. Presontly ho vanished from hor mind as sho snekc. "I loves John witli nil my heart nnd soul, Motlior Maoklohoso, nnd it's him I'll marry, and no other." "So help you God," said the man, in a shaking voice. , "So help mo God," sho ropeated aftor him. " What's said's said then. Tho Lord of Lifo mako theo worthy of tho best son ovor mother lmd. A good sou do deserve blessing in liis homo. Look to it, Milly. look to it and mind what ho'vo boon to mo theso many yenrs. And forgive a mighty old womun if sho's said less than tho truth of theo. Kiss mo, niaidon, and tho Lord mako thee worthy of my son." Milly soon departed, nnd John saw' hor to tho door. Whon thoy had loft the room, Widow Maoklehose whined in her physical sufloring und cried fcoble tears, which she was too weak to rub awuy. But her tears woro not for horsolf. "Empty, empty, empty ns the dolls at Mother Toinpny's," slio kept saying ovor and over again. "Tho dying see so oloar, and tho emptiness of her heart looks through hor oyes." Presently hor son enme bnok to her. "I bo that toro in 'alf, mother — that toro in 'alf 'twixl. you und Milly. God he good and spare you, mother, to see us mated yet." "Doun't he praying that. Ratlior pray that whon I he gone the Lord'll reward theo, John Maoklohoso, and givo theo 11 good wife for tliy lovo to thy old motlior," Bho said. Then tho man wipod his mothor's tears away and kissed hor and sat silent beside her, praying to tho Lord to lessen hor pain. CHAPTER III. Reckoning! with Dick. The vision of Diok Riohards, albeit it vanished beside the sick bed of Mrs. Mucklo- lioso, prot-ty quickly revived whoii Milly wont homo ; for it happened that Disk wus waiting for hor. Ho and hor unelo wero sitting 011 oitlior sido of tho big woodfiro, nnd as though somo bad angel was bent on making tilings unpleasant for Milly that evening, slio found hor second string hud come upon important business. As a matter of faot tho fisherman lind heard that his rival's niothor wus at death's door, and he much feared tho circumstance might hasten a decision unfavourable to him. "I. bin tnlkin' to Mr. Prichavd, Milly, 'bout our courtin'. Sooms liko you've had a braoo 0' lovers long onongh. 'Taint possiblo to go on so, and Mr. Pritclinrd is of tho same mind ; which he's your unelo und did ought to he 'eard. Mr. Pritohard know Milly, nnd folt. ox- tromoly nervous at being suddenly thrust into position of suoh importance. " 'Taint for mo to speak, nor any otlior ; only it's timo you mado up your miuu, Milly, I will say that," ho ventured. "And I'vo news," continued Diok. "The maekurol's off tho Soillies early, and I was amongst 'om tho first yestordny. Otir lugger's brought homo near three thousnud, air that's a tidy bit of monoy 'u'cud us will 'elp. Now thero's forty-five poun' in tho Post Offico Savings Bank, and thom earrings I gived you, whioh is worth twouty-five shillings. There's thom, too, as would'nt forgot a gift if tlio day wns fixed. Why doun't 'co say tho word, Milly, uud have dono with it?" Slio looked at liim ; and tho pioturo of tho Beast, with his hairy, ovcr-largo head bont down by his mother, waned somowliut. Richards was a proper man at any rule ; not a mis shupon thing with long arms liko a monkoy's. But liis cottugo hud suoli dis advantages; nnd thero wuh no mighty four- poster bed there or bhiok oak panels, und no parlour worth mentioning, mid no gurdeu — only a squuro yard with ono rose tree in it and a pigstyo mid a littlo tur-smolliug pluco where Diok kopt books and lines and nets. These surroundings seemed so low contrasted with " Tho Trawler's Rest." Dick oven hung great split pollocks out side hie windows to dry, mid slio know lie would continuo to hang them there ufter marriage if she cliose. He was masterful, and sho folt ho would havo his own way. Yot thut hud been in his favour ruthor thun not. AVomon and dogs respect tho strong limid und liko a louvou of fear to their lovo, She felt, aftor ull, that tlio husband himself must bo tho lending figuro in her wedded life. Oak panels 011 tho wnlis, or oven a full purso, were not so important us tho msn. That decision wub well enough uud wiso, only she hud como upon it too Into. She lmd been wrong ; Diok wns 110 vision ut all, lie was real flesh and blood woll put together, and now sho folt sho loved liim — loved tho outsido of liim at any rate. Milly did not intond speaking before her unelo. Sho folt that tho long explanation would ho needed. She must toll Dielc of tho mistake sho hud mado and hor promise ton dying soul. Sho must hear if ho thought sho might change hor mind ut this juneturo, and if lio thought so ho must stuud up for her and fight lier battlo. " I'vo muoli to say, and I'll givo you a final answer on Sunday, Diok. AVo'll go out a walking up to-tho moors and tho 'Lovers' Stone.' Thon I'll toll you the truth." " So bo it, ' ' said Diok uneasily. Ho feared that sho was wuiting to know how it wont with Mother Muoklelioso. "So he it, then. I'll meet you on Sunday up to tlio tin mino workings at tho ' Lovers' Stono.' " It was agreed, und presontly Diok took liis leuvo und Milly wont to bod. Then ohanoo thrust in hor finger and tangled tho skein of those tlirco intorcstcd fives. Mother Maoklohoso was somowhut bottor after her intorviow with Milly, and lior son presently loft hor nwhilo with a cottugo woman who lmd oomo to sit up through tho night. Ho could not sloop, and knowing that Milly's unolo used to sit Into ovor liis rum und water, I10 strolled round presontly to the little cottugo on tlio Quay, to find out wliotlior Milly had told Mr. Pritohurd tho groat nows. Ho camo full of ono thought, whioh, for tlio timo, shut oven his mother out of tho front place in his mind ; ho enmo full of a vast happiness, chastened only by liis fmrcnt's griovous condition. And presontly 10 wont homo again, hut tho joy hud gone out of him thon. Old Pritohard was ploasant enough, for ho liked Maoklohoso well, hue ho rather feurod tho intorviow, for Millywas tho Beast's solo topic of conversation at most timos, and that night lio cured not to Bpenk of her. But tlio elder man folt rolioved at once, for Maeklo hoso's first word soemed to suggest that ho know tho truth. "So Milly's made choice nt last," ho said, sitting d.own and loading his pipo. " Why, to bo suro, I think slio have, John. Diok wiw in bore to-iught u-uskiu' of her .to oliooso final, and I ups and sea as I thought 'twero ripo timo she done so. 'TiB 'ardon both of you, and I'm main sorry as you'vo lost — main sorry." " Lost?" "Woll, one of you 'ad to. Diok'sagoin' to 'oar tho last word on it Sunday noxt up to tho ' Lovers' Stono.' Thoro 'o's to. mcot Milly, nnd 'twill bo ' yes,' John. I aeon it in her oyos to-night." "To-niglit, Mr. Pritohard?" " For certain. Sho loves Dick, my son, and liim ns Bho loves sho'll wed. Hor own way's tho only rond for her. Oneo hor mind's fixed, thon sho'll novor chungo no moro for nought." Tho Boast sat in shadow, and tho Bpeakor could not 800 his faco. Had I10 dono so, old Pritohard, sleepy and stupid though he might bo us a rule, must have noted something wrong. Tho man's brow wus wrinkled, his eyes glowing, liis face polo and wot with per spiration. Presently lio got up, deolined the rum nnd water offered, nnd went homo. He turned at tho door, mid spoko a last word. "Don't say as I'vo been along with you to -night, gaffor. 'Twould worry Millv, maylie. On Sunday, then, wo shall hear the nows." He went out a madman, hut tho niglit air cooled him ; tho moon on Polglazo Harbour spolto of poueo and truth to liim, tho voioo of tho wind rebuked liim for his uuboliof. What could ho clouror ? Milly was going to gently break lier decision to Dick, away on tho moor, whoro no man would havo tho ohnnce to soo Diok's griof. Ho told liimsolf so again and again ; but tho dovil of doubt wns rousod, nnd not to ho laid by words, nor yot moonlight. It sat nt liis hod foot that night nnd tor mented liim. It luuglicd at his ape- liko arms and big head ; it gibbered and joorcd nnd kopt him awake. Thou, in tho early dawn, I10 was called to his mothor's death bed, and saw tlio old woman fight hor luBt battle, and presontly pass in peace away. CHAPTER IV. Beside The Odd Shaft. Muoklelioso fought with tho doinon long aftor his mothor's death, and tlio demon con- quorod. That meant that Johu could not trust tho girl who lmd promised liim to bo his wife.- Ho know tlio " Lovers' Stone." It was a rough, natural, grunito scat, lying all moss-grown und gorsc-hiddcn, hard by tho disused ongino-liouso of an old tin mino ; and lio know that thero it wus Milly would moot Dick and toll liim— what ? That ho did not know, hut meant to isnow. Old Pritohard had scon lovo in the girl's oyos. True, the man was ancient and dim of sight, but ho had spoken with much certainty. Tho noxt day wus Sunday, and Maoklo- hoso's great loss bccumo known, but not liis gain. It aoomod natural, therefore, to those who mot him, thut ho should wander out to tlio wilds, taking his sorrow with him, boyond tlio abodes of men. Ho trumped along with no oyo for tlio fcents and soims of spring. Tho glory of tho young greon, tho glimmer of tlio whitethorn, tho gold of tho gorso woro nothing to him. But presently ho found tho gorso useful. It grow thick around tho " Lovors' Stone," and thoro wns heather also. Presently I10 found a pluco whoro I10 c'ffhld liido himself within fivo yards of tho stono. There, by pressing his body half undor a largo blook of granite, with space below it, and by drawing a littlo of the dead fern about him, iio would bo ublo to lio within onrshot — silent and iuvisiblo, unsus pected us a log of wood. It was thon mid day; tho hours pnsscd slowly, and only a hawk aliared, tho mun's lonolitioss. A few folks passed upon the main road within somo hundred yards of him, hut nobody plodded through the gorso and bracken and licatlicr, out to tlio ruined masonry of tho mino or tho "Lovors' Stone" hard by. At last, liowover, John Maoklohoso saw Miliy's rod Sunday dross fluttering nfur off ou tho white flint rond. Thon ho got him to tlio lair he lind inndo, and lay tlicro very still, hidden by fern and gorso and granito. Ho heard lior sottlo to wait, and bo know that slio was restless, for sho sighed und moved repeatedly. But tho suspense was short for both. Diok arrived in ton minutes or loss, and thon John Maoklohoso henrd tho truth, spoken by lips that feared no listener and put tlio matter plainly. To repeat what Milly snid avails not. Tho girl had woighod gold on tho one hand against a man 011 tho other. Now tho man lind won. Now sho told liim so, and ex plained that, forced to speak beforo a dying woman 011 tlio previous night, slio had lied through terror. Diok only sho loved. Diok iimst figlit hor battlo for lior nnd proteot lior against tho suro wrath of tho Beast. Ho consented to do so. John Maoklohoso heard their lips meet, and liis fingers gripped ovor tho dry, doad furze whereon ho lay, so that tlio thorns sank into hiu hands, bringing blood, nnd Milly decreed that Dick and sho must not bo seen walking homo togotlior. Slio hid hor sweothoart go first. "Maybo you'd host see him this night, aforo lie's timo to toll it," said Milly. " I'd sleep better ii I thought bo knowca. Put it us you will ; say what you doom right, hut doun't '00 lot him come 110 moro to mo. I'm that frightoncd wlion I thinks what ho'll do that I'm most feared to go baok-long ut ull." "I'll soo lnm to-night. He's a just man for sure. You wns frightened into it along of tho old woman dyin'. Ho'll understand if I put it so." Milly folt sho would ho liappior if Diok re turned to Polgluzo beforo her. At tho end of a long conversation ho dopnrtod, and tlio sun already throw slant beams aoross tlio moors boforo ho did so. Then, ton minutes after lie hudgono, some thing stirred in tlio furze, the dead braekon fell away, and a strange tiling olud in black, witli long urms, a bull liond, and a fuce puckered with pitssion, roso and looked over tlio gruuito botweon tbe furzes. Milly saw it and started, and grow ash-gray. She tried to scrcum, but tlio hand that gripB a mun's throat in nightmans was upon lier, und sho could mako no sound. Then tlio bluuk figuro wriggled ovor tlio stono like a suako, passed betweon tlio stems of tlio gorse, and ap proached hor. " Johu, John, forgive me," sho said at Inst, lifting up her liunds to him. His brow was all furrowed liko an ape's ; his hands shook ; liis words tumblod ovor nuuh other, and there was a sound liko the growl of un uugry animal in his voioo as ho spoko. . "Forgive you ? Novor ! You'vo liod to tho dyin' — lied to her as can liover know tho blnok truth. A cursed outcast of God you bo — a blot that shan't stuiu earth 110 longor — tluit shan't break novor another heart but mine." Diok Rioliards, nearly tlireo parts of a pile 011 his road homo, heard a strange sound borno on tho wind, and turned. The west was barred witli orimson, nnd tho moors glowed in tho dying light. Away by tho old initio, a ragged, ruined oliimnoy reared its hcud aloft in the midst of tho desolate waste. And as, I10 listoucd, a second sorcam, faint and fur away, hut olonr, camo to Ills ear again. With a suddon sense of ovil at his lioart, tho man turned iu liie tracks and galloped back. But whon he roaohed tlio " Lovers' Stone," breathless, the place. was deserted and silent. Milly hud vanished uud left 110 sign. CHAPTER V. A Golden Nest. . Neither Disk Riohards nor any other man over saw Milly Pritohard again nlivo. Sho did not go homo, and lior lover, though he tramped tho moor till tho moon rose, nnd enmo buok from Polglazo again litter with lanterns and a dozen willing hands to holp tho scarab, oould find not so much ns a glovo or a fonthor from hor lint to guido his stops. Diok told what thero wus to toll ut tho polioo station, und a dctcotivo cumo down from Truro four und twenty hours Inter, but his inquiries proved nothing. Ail official in vestigation was held at tho little schoolroom, nnd two justioes of tho poneo mado sugges tions and cross-examined old Pritohard nnd tlio fisherman. John Mnckloliose's name cropped up in the mattor, but him thoy could liurdly approach that morning because ho wus .burying his mother. Two nonactions in a month woro unusunl at Polglazo, but now tho suddon dis- nppcnrnuco of tlio locul bounty, following tlius liurd upon tlio doatb of Widow Mnoklehoso, formed matter for much discussion. For many duya tlio boys of tho neighbourhood spont all their timo on tho moors, wandering nmid tho deserted mino workings, andscareh- iug many wild uorcs of hoatber and gorse for a trace of tlio missing girl ; but nothing re warded their search. Milly had olean vanished, leaving u mystery that promised to take its plaoo amongst thoso arcana of human concerns only to bo unlocked on doomsday. Diok was a broken man. Tlio mattor wont near turning liis hair gray ; but thoso who supposed that Milly had not decided betweon tho two strings to her bow when sho disap peared, wero amazed to find how calm and onllous John Maoklohoso was upon the sub- joot. Ho novor disoussod the matter, and . showed suoh aversion to it that voices raiBed high in the mystery sunk in, his bar parlour when ho ontored. Diok liad spokon with liim tho day aftor Milly's disappearance, whilo yot all thought sho must return to hor liomo, or, at worst, ho found uguin. And lio had told his rival tlio story of a sceno already familiar to him. But tho Benst hoard it all again putiontly, nnd then spoke. " I'm sorry for theo nnd for myself. But I'd havo you know this. Slio'vo courted the worst tho Lord oan bring on hor. Tho Lord uses all inannor of strange weapons, but His will be often done, though maybo blindly, by them as know not what thoy do. Sho — Milly — spoko words to my dyin' mother. She said how she loved nono bub me, and cnllcd the Almighty to witness it. And sho went back on it, Diok Richards, and tboroby liod to ono as was nt tho point of death. And you know what falls 011 thom ns lies to tho dyin'. I'm sorry for you, but tho Lord don't tako 110 count of men." " If sho's doad, who'd liavo dono lior to dentli ? Who'd havo raised a fingor against sho?" asked tho othor, and Muoklohoso shook his head. "Tho Lord knows," lio answered: "You're 'ard, John ; oruol 'ard on her." "Not so, Diok Eichurds, I'm toiling you tho truth. 'Tis tho truth that's 'ard, not me. I'd givo my lifo for lior to-morrow if ' 'twould bring lier bnok to you, but it can't bo." No man ovor suspected Johu Mucklehoso of crime. Old Pritohard only know that tho inn-koepor was awnro of tho contemplated meeting betweon Milly and Dick at tho "Lovors' Stone," but lie attached no importanco to tlio foot, and if bo liud dono so, would not liavo liintod at it. Ho lind kopt liis mouth shut through lifo, and was certainly not going to open it on such a perilous mattor. Ho inisscd his nioco sadly, and whined about his consequent discomfort, but to conncot Muoklelioso with hor disappearnuoo did not outer his liond. Many disboliovcd Diok's story of the screams, but, ns Gaffor Poltook remarked, thoro wns 110 hotter ono forthcoming. Moro- over, what profit could Dick havo in a lie ? Tho poor fisherman had to suffor, liowover, for Milly's formal proiniso to tlio Boast leaked out through tho cottngo woman who liad looked to AVidow Maoklohoso, and thero wero somo who hesitated not to hint thut Dick know moro than he had said. But timo drow curtains over the mnttor in fulnesB of days. A month passed, thon a second. May cumo and Polglazo, busy with its fishing, thought loss nnd talked loss of tlmt strungo ovont in Maroli. Many noticed, liowovcr, tho mark Milly's loss liad left on thoso most concerned. Diok, according to tho nature of his class, had mourned extrava gantly ut first, but his wound began to heal by first intention, and goldon-hnired Milly faded littlo by littlo from liis momory. With tho other man it was different. He hud shown no overwhelming griof at first, hut timo appeared to inoreaso hiasorrow. Always silent and reserved, lio grow taciturn and inoroso ; always temperate, ho now took to drinking ; as Poltook said, tlio man began to orcop through lifo instead of to walk upriglit through it. Ho looked ghost-bnuntcd, and ghost-huuntcd lio was ; but nono know tlio awful momory that begun slowly to destroy him ; nono but liimsolf gucssod ut that grim uprising by tho "Lovors' Stono," at thut hurricane of passion, at tho suddon knitting of hairy hands round a plump, whito throat, at tho inurdcr dono and tho murder hidden. He liad gono baok home, holding himself tho weapon of the Lord. He had knolt besido his dead mother nnd thought liimsolf no sinner ; and now, day by day, a mist was rising from off that torriblo moment, and (ho bogan to seo himself tho toy of tho devil nnd his dood as it rcully was. Drink could not drown tho truth, timo would not diln it. Tho dwarfish demon, grown to a giant now — tho foul thing that liud first prompted him to play tho listener — spoko loud in the night wiitohos, and another voico from within urged liim upon a different courso. Ho know ho must ond tho present susponso or olso go inild. He hesitated botween giving himself up to man or to death ; between destroying himsolf or lotting Polgluzo know wliero Milly lay hid undor eand and flint. And while ho hositutod, tho powers that control human uftitirs choso another course, and wondrously revealed tho truth through tho hand of un idiot, and tlio beak of a bird. Tommy Long wus a littlo linir- lippod im becile, and u harmless "softjT," who rumbled about Polglazo. Tlio hoy loved lonolinoss. Tho birds and tho rabbits woro his playmates. Ho scaled tho cliffs for tho gull's nests, lio knew where the rare chough built, and liim solf liud gutliorod together a grout collcotion of oggs, to wbiob lio added as eaoh spring camo round, and liis strength and ugility increased. His parents laid 110 injunction upon him, but lot him go liis dangorous way 011 tlio stoop cliffs nnd olsewlioro. Thoy thought it might plouso God to break tho oliild's nook somo day— tho host thing that could happen— boouuso certain it wus ho would novor bo nblo to curn his broad. This boy, 011 a day in oarly May, wander ing ovor tho moors somo hulf-inilo from tho "Lovors' Stono," cumo upon a marvellous strange thing in tho gorso, a nost gold-lined —a yollow- liammor's nost— thut bird which lavs oggs written upon in n mystio language, which 110 irum can dooipbor. And the oggs roposod in a soft bed, fashioned und wrought with a thousand Interwoven threads of puro gold. Tho boy laughed nnd ohuttored to him self. He hud novel' scon tho like, and lie toro tlio treusuro down and took it home rojoioing. His futhor marked tho gold for a wamau'a hair, and romombored u sunny houd that hud vanished not long einoo. Ho cross- questioned Tommy, kopt tho mattor silent for tho timo, and on tho return of Richards from the Bea showed him tho nest. "Hurdby whoro tlmt nest bo you'll find hor," said tho idiot's father. "'Tis tlio Lord's doin', Dick. Ho confounds tho larnin' of tho wiso, and puts truth into the 'and of tho daft." Tommy proudly lod tho way to tho moors noxt morning, uud thoro not far from whore tho nost was found, wonderfully hid in a steep place, only to bo reached by a bird, lind climbed out of by nn apo us it seemed, thoy found an uwful caricature of whut had bcon tlio beauty of Polgluzo. That night tho gossips of " Tlio Trawlers' Rest" talked long und loud, and John Maoklohoso listened, hut lie mado no addition to tlio manifold theorios advanced on ovory side. In tho morning, liowover, lie oleared that mystery and told tlio truth. Tho poBt brought a lottor to tho polieo station, und at tho breakfast hour tho fow authorities of tho village woro at tlio inn. But Maoklohoso wub not thoro. Ho had out Ilia thront that night, loaving somothing to bury, nothing to bo judged. Oar Serial Story, "A Million of Monoy," is held ovor on aooount bf the holiday. 