BLApYS: A WOMAN" OF COURAGJA BY S. BARING-GOULD, M.A., Author of "Melalah," "The Broom-Squire, "Tho Pennycomequlcks," etc. CHAPTER VI.— (Continued.) "By gad, it's heavy," said he, "and ought to be. A good tako to-day. Help you on with the housekeeping. All to-day's proflts in silver, and about fifty in gold In a canvas bag to Itself. It shan't bo said my daughter has left the Stow- poney like a beggar. But, Mfecks, I don't half like your leaving at this time ot the evening, and with alt this monw. Th« marts nm nnh sa.fR." "Safo enough for me," said Luke. "There have been highwaymen about. Not afraid?" "I! I afraid of highwaymen!" scoffed Francis. "I should consider rather they would fear me." "Ah! the law, the law! All well enough In a town, but no protection In the country." "I have a pair of loaded pistols in the chaise. If any man conic to the window without leave, 1 shall add a dab of lead to his already stupid brain." "You know best. Where Is Captain Stracey?" "Captain George!" shouted those near, but there was no answer. "Haven't seen him since we left Stourton," said the Squire. "Wo must start," said Luke, and tho ostler opened the door of the travelling-carriage. "By George," laughed Rea, and drew himself up, "my daughter's marriage Is like that of a lady — with a carriage and pair, - and driving away for a honeymoon." "You haven't put tho money bag on the pis tols?" asked Francis. "Not such an ass. Th" pistols are at top." "Jacko! Who has seen, stole my Jacko!" cried the Savoyard, running forward. "Be hanged with your Jacko; stand back," said the landlord. "Now then," to the postboy. "Tom, off!" The postillion cracked his whip; the horses pranced, and dashed ahead. Then from the spectators rose a cheer. It was repeated, again repeated. Tho maids looked from tho windows and waved kerchiefs and aprons. Tho Vicar, already in the tavern, smok ing, stumbled to the door, and waving his three- cornered hat in one hand and his clay pipe In tbe other, shouted — "It'd a mad wedding, my masters." "It is one of your making," said the evening lecturer, who was outside. "Ah! Brother Priest! and a merry one — be cause mine. It yours, 'twould have been dull — deadly dull. My masters — It Is a mad wedding." CHAPTER VII.— STAND! DELIVER! The post carriage from the Stewponey was one the like of which is never seen at the. present day, although on the Continent, In places, some Venerable survivals linger on to excite our as tonishment and amusement. It was a calash constructed to hold two persons only, with a hood something like that ot a han som. and glazed in front. It was nornoe enormous wheels behind, those In front being disproportionately small. The body ot the ve hicle was swung on immense C springs. It was painted the color of a marigold, tho back being black. . This carriage was far from being Incommodi ous. Although there was no third seat within, there was a bracket on which any such article as a reticule could he placed, but only retained if tied there. No box seat for a driver obstructed the view. Those within commanded a prospect of - the scenery, interrupted only by the bobbing form ot the postboy. The powerful springs and the massive construction of the vehicle were ot necessity at a period when tho roads were un scientifically made and badly kept up. Throughout the Middle Ages, and down to the beginning of the present century, stones of all / kinds and sizes, picked up anywhere, off the fields, dug out of quarries, gathered from water courses, wero thrown over the highways, and thrust into ruts without an attempt being made to reduce their size. It is now considered a primary law that a roadway should bo convex in structure, so that tho water falling on it may run off at once and bo carried away at the water tabic. No such law was then known. Tho traffic of horses in the middle wore away the centre, and the section of the road was concave, so that ail the mud and water settled in the middle, and resolved the way into one great tlcugli. A journey over such roads was almost as had as one along a torrent-bed. It consisted in an alternation between bouncing over boulders and dragging through mire. Nothing was more usual than the fracture of a spring, or the em bedding of the wheels in a profound rut, from which the horses were powerless to lift tho carriage. In the neighborhood of Kinver, where sandstone prevail:;, and the only alternative Is conglomerate, there Is 110 proper material for "metalling" roads. Nor does the river Stour brawl down from mountains, and roll hard pebbles along its bed. Consequently, notwithstanding that the roads which met and crossed at the Stewponey were of first importance, one being the great artery of ecmmunication with Ireland, yet all were equally had. When the ruts In the highway became dan gerous, then carriages and coaches were driven on the turf at the sldo, so long as that held together, but when that had been resolved Into a quagmire, then the welted roadway had again to he resorted to as preferable. On our macadamised and steam-rolled roads we spin along as if on lee. A hundred years ago travelling on the King's highway was slow, la borious, and painful. A short journey stifiicied to resolve the lily-white human body into a pernio and yellow mass of bruises. For tho first half-mile, to keep up appearances, the postboy maintained a rapid pace, by con stant application of the whip, and by much ob jurgation; but as soon as the Stewponey and Stcurton Castle wore out of sight, ho relaxed his energies, and the horses perfectly under stood that no more violent exercise was required of them. Their master's carriage, its springs, its wheels, Its axle wero to be considered, and they subsided into their normal pace, one which a lusty man might havo surpassed, by exerting himself, In walking. "Tho moon is rising," said Luke Francis. "See our honeymoon." If so — It presaged a cold and cheerless state. Through tho trees glimmered a sallow light. The sun was setting, and setting in torn and tattered cloud, but it dllluscd light sufficient to render the lesser orb wan and ghost-llke. She appeared as lifeless as the bride. Opposite lo the rising moon was the sinking sun, like Hercules In his riven robe of Nessus, ail shreds of blood and fire. His face was liko that of the bridegroom, flushed with triumph and passion. t IlrtVO UCUM LUl II VO ycuio DCCtVlllft U.ULMIV A.A. find a wife, and unable to get one," said he. '.'Dost know the reason?" She evinced no interest In tho matter. She neither spoke nor looked towards him. "You will discover In good time. When we came to Shrewsbury, you will come to know my mother. Sho has a will. Have you one? I doubt It— so much the better. Your submission will cost no clash, give no pain. Come, weneli, your hand — aye, and I will have more — a kiss." Dladys recoiled from him, withdrew her hand as he extended his, and thrust hers behind her. "Shy, aro you?" lie laughed. "Bah! we must have none such whimsy-1 whamsies now. I should have supposed that In a tavern every trace of slmmefacedness had been laughed out of you. But women are made up ot pretonces. You aro affecting that which by the nature of things; you -cannot have." She offered 110 remark. "Come, now, Bin, by heaven, I will have tbe hand that is mine." Ho made an effort to secure it. "Let go," said she, hoarsely. It was tbe first word she bad spoken. He tried to kiss her. Tho carriage lurched, and he was flung back. "Do not touch me," she said; in the same unntural voice. "Ho, ho! Giving yourself high airs! That will never answer with me. I shall have a kiss." Mo laid hold ot her shoulders to twist her about. "I will tako them." said he. "One — two — twenty— a hundred. Tho more I take tho more you resist." "God help mo!" through her teeth. "You fool!" mocked he. "Do you know with whom you try your petty opposition? No; but you shall learn that soon. Mark you, wench, It is best that you submit at once. Call not on God." "Hoavon has not helped me — I call on Hell." Thon It was that a strange thing took place: something that made Luko Francis quail. This was none other than tbe sudden appari tion of a Small, black, lialf- liuman figure, that emerged from the boot, as If In answer to tho Invocation of Bladys. It mounted- the little shell opposite, lacing the travellers, blinked, drow up its gums, displaying white langs, then littered a low strango guttural growl. It looked at Bladys, and put forLU a long arm and spread forth a black hand. Neither Bladys nor Francis had seen or heard anything of the Savoyard and Ills monkey. The sudden vision In the carriage before them turn ed thoir hearts to stoiie. Tliey conceived that before them was an evil spirit. Instantly recovering hlmsolf somewhat, Luke threw open tho window 011 his side, and yelled to the postboy, "For God's sake, stop! Stop!" This was Just after the carriage had reached a smooth piece of road, and tlio man had urged the horses to a fast trot. IIo now reined them In; , hut without watting for, the carriage to bo brought to a standstill, Francis had tiling himself out, and holding tho open door, ran alongside, saying: "Stop, hoy! What Is It? In tho nnme ol every thing (hat is holy, what can It be?". The postillion succeeded 111 arresting tho horses. IIo descended from tho saddle, and came round to whero Luke stood. witl-lu, cowering In the extreme corner, was Bladys, Iv" whlto faco faintly discernible, like the moon, and her hands uplifted to shut out from her the sight of the imp that she had cou- Jurod up. That imp was mouthing and jabbering. It stood up, re-seated itself, drew'up a chain, shook It, and ropped It tinkling again. "It is a devil," said Francis. "It Is the monkey," laughed the postboy. "Whoever would have supposed It had concealed Itself hero?" "A monkey!" "The Italian's Jacko, about which ho raised such an outcry." "A monkey! Is that all? Then I'll drive out the pestilent beast forthwith." At once Luke put his hands to tho creature, but the ape flew at him, bit, clawed, screamed, and Francis found some difficulty In dlsengage- Ing hlmsolf. Ho cursed, and shook his hand, that bled — he had been bitten in tho thumb, and the lappet of hl3 holiday coat was torn. "Deliver!" A deep voice In his oar. Francis started back, as one electrified. I-Io saw surrounding him five men, masked, with swords at their sides and pistols In their hands. At once, aware that he had to do with highwaymen, he made a dash to enter into the carriage and get possession of his firearms. But the man who bad spoken tbi'UBt himself in tho way, Intercepting him. "No," said he. "You have saved us trouble by leaving tho coach without obliging us to stop it and Invite you to descend. Deliver without ado, and go on your way with the girl." "I have nothing," said Francis, .recovering self- possession, but speaking in surly mood. "Nay, that will not avail with us. We know you." "You know me? Who am I?" The men laughed. "Have not you been married to-day? Have you not got your wife's dower with you? Fifty pounds in gold, and tho rest in silver? You see we know all." "That Is what you know," said Luke, with something of relief in his tone, but also with a spice of mockery. ' "What moro would you have us know?" "Oh, certainly; nothing more." "You have tho money with you in a leather wallet. Pardon me, Stewponey Bla, If I disturb you, anil excuse tho intrusion on you at such a time. I must obtain possession of that bag. Hold him. two of you, whilst I search the In terior ot tho calash. And you, Number Nick, point the pistol to his ear, and if he makes a movement do not scruple to blow out his brains. Unless I am vastly mistaken, tho bride will not cry her eyes out to lose him." Luke hit his lips. But for the apparition of tho ape ho would not have left the carriage. Had he been In his place, before the horses could have been arrested, he would have had time to get tho pistols, and when the men came to the door bo would have shot two of them dead. That wretched monkey had been the means of deliver ing him over, unarmed, unable to offer the least resistance, into their bands. "May I request you to step out?" said one of the highwaymen to Bladys. He offered Ills hand. At once she descended from the carriage, and stood in the road. r uiiLia luuKeu around Dim. in© CflTFmg© naci been drawn up where the highway crossed a tract of sandy common strewn with whiD bushes and dotted with birch trees, the former black as blots, the latter sllver-trunked and feather- headed. In the rear was a sombre belt of wood, probably Stourton Forest. - The man who had: banded out Bladys now entered the calash, and removed the pistols and the bag that contained the money. "These," said lie, handing the firearms to one of his companions, "these barking irons are more like to render service to us than to tho gentleman who has so kindly brought them here. Now, sir, unless the Captain lias any moro commands for you, when it pleases you to go forward wo will not Interfere with your will. Tho sun had disappeared. A yellow hallow hung over the place whore he had set, aDd the moon had mounted above the mists, and displayed her orb lustrous ns burnished silver. Every birch trunk stood out as a thread of moonlight. "My Jacko! My Jacko!" called a voice, and up came the Savoyard, out cf breath. "Where my Jacko? Me thought him with carriage. He cleb- bcr — me run 1" The man paid no attention to the masked foot pads. Nothing concerned him save his ape. At his voice the creature that was cowering oil the ground uttered a scream of recognition; it had arrived at the conclusion that it was safer with its master than elsewhere. It ran to him and leaped 011 his shoulder. "Comrades," shouted the man who acted as leader of the band, "a wedding party this— and no dance. That should never be. I am sorry, my good sir, further to delay you, but such an occa sion as this is not of nightly occurrence, and it is a maxim in life to seize opportunities as they pass — take a purse when you can, stop a coach when there is money in the malls, and foot it when there is a partner to be had. Here we havo a smooth turf, as any parquet, a musician with his instrument, and the bonny bride herself, with whom I shall do myself the honor of open ing the ball. Run some ono of you aud constrain Nan Norris to come. By Saturn, Mercury, and all tho gods ot Olympus! I would another carriage would arrive, that we might provide ourselves with a lady apiece." Two men held Luke Francis by tho arms, and one pointed a pistol at his head. He was unable to resist. He was constrained to look on, quiver ing with rage, gnawing his lips with vexation. Bladys mechanically obeyed the captain as he ordered her to come forward upon the turf. The Italian turned the wheel of his hurdy-gurdy, and fingered the short hone keys. Then the monkey, hearing the familiar strain, and supposing that it was expected to go through its wonted performance, somewhat reluctantly descended from its perch, and began to dance. Presently up came the only disengaged high wayman. bringing with him a young woman. "Nan," called the captain, "fall ill as well." She stood opposite the man who had brought her, and so they danced in the moonlight on the sward — the two highwaymen, tho maidens, and, as a fifth, tho ape. Thus they danced, to the grinding of the hurdy- gurdy. till suddenly Bla of the Stewpony sank on the grass unconscious. CHAPTER VIII. — THE ROCK TAVERN. The highwaymen vanished as speedily as they had appeared. In the chequered light and shade 011 the common, studded with clumps of wliln, birch ridges and mounds of bramble, Ulis was of easy execution. It would have been so had they been alarmed. But there was now nothing to alarm them — they disappeared because there was nothing more to bo got by staying. No socner was Luke released than he ran to tho prostrate girl. Nan Norris also hastened to her assistance. The Savoyard ceased turning tho handle ot his hurdy-gurdy. The monkey desisted from its capers, and returned to its place ou his shoul der. Tho postboy stood looking on, as stolid as his hcrs.es. In the grey light from tho sky — partly moonlight, partly the suffused 'illumination of departed day — the face of Bladys was that of death. . "It Is In tho family," said the roan by the horses. "Her aunt dropped just like this, and died right away." Nan, who knelt by her head, and was chafiing her hands, said, "She may bo dead now." "It is a taint," said Luke. Help get her Into the carriage. We must drive forward, and that without delay." "Drive forward with her in this condition!" exclaimed the girl. "It's murder!" "Egad, were It not most prudent for mo to conduct you both hack to tho Stewponey?" ob served tlio postboy. "To tho Stewponey!" echoed Francis. "Never! What, and let all there see, and laugh to see, that I have been robbed! I — I boon robbed. On my life nc-ver!" Ho stamped with rage. "Hold your fool's tongue," ho continued, "he wins who laughs last, and 1' faith they have not done with me yet. 'Twas the worst night's work they ever accomplished when tliey stayed me. I shall not be bilked of my revenge." Then turning on the girl, I10 aBked, "Do you know — doubtless you do that — who those footpads aro? For one fetched you." "One fetched me — yes; a man, masked. But I have no keener eyes than yourself to see through a patch of velvet. I warrant ye I was too scared to disobey when ho said, "Como along with me, baggage." "But you danced." "So did she— Bla of the Stewponey. She is your wife now, I hear. So did tho ape. Ask her when sho fetches to — and If she does not, thon inquire of the ape." "I must hurry forwards. I cannot tarry here." "Then go on. and leave her hero." 'What — on this moor?" "No, not so. Our cottage Is hard by." "Old Lyclla Norris has a tavern nigh this," explained the postboy, "and Nan Is her daugh ter." . Luke hesitated what to do. He was In the ut most perplexity. Ho could not allow Bladys to romaln longer unconscious on the grass in an open common. Ho was Impatient to bo away from a spot whero he had been robbed and ox- posed to humiliation. He could not be certain whether his wlfo were alive or only In a dead syncope. Ho had pressing duties that necessita ted his presence In Shrewsbury. "Well, It shall bo so then." said I10. "I will take her to your house. You have cordials — brandy, Wo will give her somo and see If that revives her, and when she returns to hor senses she shall contlue tho journey." Then ho hrolto Into curses against his misfor tune at having boon waylaid, and at having been caught at the ono moment when I10 was Incapaci tated for defending himself and protecting his money. "You will not recover her by oaths," said , tho girl. Then to tho postboy, ''Prithee,. Tom,. turn about the heads of tho horses, and we . will re move her to tho Roclc." ......... (To be continued.) 