'Iho Story of thu OIiosI'n Watch. (IWHifl, HllDWN, HoMKIIHHT.') 1 What, aoiiilouj old watoh I I don't in member teeing It on you boforn. Whcro did you pick ll up, old innii I ' This frnm mo, Olinilus flanlnor, lo my friend uml fulhw itiidont, Frank Landon.ns uo mil before 11 cticciful nro In my llunina smoking n llnnl nijclablo plpu heroic wo parted for the nluht. Frank bal returned lhat evonlng from n few dnys run Into Iho country, nnd 1 had hctn looking for n bright elmtly nccount of hi) vinlt ! hut, alllioii»h always quint, hnlind bral iiMn»iml'y iniillnni this uvcritnjr. In dcul, I ivnild inn'.u nothing lif him, and bo Hiu In fear that lio hud been ndu'nl by Laurn D.nnlng, whmn I knew bo greatly admired and Invcil. The watch was an old. fatldiiiied gnlil hiinli'r, mid ll b.id not been, nblc |,p.|):tly when bu slnrled fur hU trip Inbi tlm country a few days heron-, 1 Cl ntllv, Iml, \r.l mo t,-r ™eu niuw, r your il'ii-silou with muiher. Un you bullevu In gnos'sr I iv.ui ^nlriir In Lingli, but l.U eirioii', ill inosttioI'Mun h-uk, ciusml ik to ivfrilu fiom on n milling. 1 Ynur qiicill..!! In Im nnnwured Hist, of couiii,1 I sdl. ' Well, I iii-lllicr bulltve, nor dlabellvvi'. I eio miililng linpi.iilblii in l!m Idin Ik'nt uplrlts nbnnlil vUlt thu mull, and as lo lli'jlr biicomliiK vlnlble, Hint, I linaiiine, would depend on clrcumstuuces of which wu MiowlltlliM.r iiiilhliiK. Atllm mini llmo I havo never inyrelt mv.n nuylhlng Ihnt, could by nni pu-albllily hu twlaled into a glio^, and I luvu never known anyoni!, nnynno oT credibility I wenr, to ii^uit vvltli any cnnli dencuth'it hu hnd leeu one.' ' Tlicn hear 0110 now,' wns Flank's moBt unuxpectuil reply, '/hnvo seen 11 spirit. You may Mart and shire -and, tvlmr. la 11)01 c, Ililj WU -h idioul which you 11 n ii-klii- was thico ilnjs i,|t0 n glrist'n watch, nml is 11 nv, 1 mm pom) j for 1 can hardly oill It mine. I'll lull .10 1 tlm ftory if hr,w It cmio Into my piwcsstun, as yon my you n upon lo couvicll.111— thai Is. if yi.u consider mo a per.-iui of cralilnllly | but If y.111 arj itilng to lm«li it It I'll siy iwiliiiniaUmt It.1 AnynUeinpt to I'xprcsi thu mloni,lim'nl 1 felt wuuld be va'n, for Frank wns n« sob ir mlndul n fillow ns 1 knew, nud ilio very l.isl to Ihi: Ills bund over any foulljh f incllil1 Idea. All I »ald w.x, ']Ho uli-i ul, old fellow. You'vu »nld enough to muku nw lotluui na ns woll us curium..1 'Wull,' skid Frank, 'you know I went to fpemla fow d lya with the n.:imlii,M at that plnco they havo tiikin lu MUnkildic. It Is eullcd Thu aransn. 1 got down Hutu on Friday about to* tluio, nud didn't, of oounii, yo out tint d.iy. Wo dtnmt, nml Inul n very pleimnt chntly tlm 1 nfter.vunbi, enlivened by a ung or tiv.i from Lnurj nn I her ulstur. Wo sepiialel nli Hit II. I was Hied and was BMii lu bed and nMeop. I should aiy here Hint our conversation had been qultu or n oidlnary kind, wllh 11 itlil.i« in It that CJidd lead up to or connect Us -It In nny »iy with what 1 mn lib,, nl ta rel ite. ? 1 to il'ln't hnvo slept mine thun half an hour when I fi.uml myself wldo awake with a queer indocilbnblu feeling I coul 1 not ac count for. Qr.iduilly tho aspect of every, thing arnund (It was moonlight, and I could seo ever} thins In tboroom) changed, At first I could make out nothing distinctly, but nfler nltmu I fax It nil a« plainly as I urns yon muv. I ia- n lull'' streleli of cnuntrv rond- glistening In the moonlight. At one spot wh.ro lt male a slight bond, there w.i« n very dark plnce; r number nf treen In the hedges 011 eieh sldo, nnd ti thick copso mi one sldu of the 11 a I, cimplntely shut out tho moon. Olio could fnucy ihit even on tho lightest nlglit Iliero would bo shadow nnoiigh there to conceal anyone who wished to slum thu light. I'o iIiIk *|,.-t my nlt- iiUo 1 nai drawn luenhtlbly, nud by nud by I inado out thu figuro of a mnn luiklii|: In tho rhado. 'Scarcely liml 1 inidii 1I1I1 out, and begun to wimder «lat Itmcnnl, wlwn l»aw cinilng nlniig tlioron.l the liguro of another mill' who wiia iippl acldnt! ili'i dark place nud thu lurking llyui '. It wns 11 bright, cb:eiful Iliiuic, uml he kiiii',1 to bo Miiglng, but 1 h 'aid no Bound, lude.'.l, I bemd no toiml throughout, Have you ever seen trains Kllillnir, ciril,i|;™ running, pcoplo walking wlinii you hive uo;n a mile or so to win. I- wind «t tlivra I It wri lllci lll.it, Vo.11 know thuru mint bo imiso but you doi't henr It, Oho-ls uiu (nt li.'ii.t, In all rtoilvi I luivu mid) very noisy fidk, who ban;: diuim, Mill.) clmliK, nud nnl.o moro nulso wnlklng up stairs than ten i.r.llna'y inorliiV. lint what ever theso wini', them wns nbtolutely no Found ?, nnd tlioi'Jjli 1 wiwn'l a Ml af ml I, lt wnstumuwhatuiuesoiiK', I fell nlmoit In cline. 1 to shout, nud wain tho comlug Ira veller of Iho lurking Ih'iiic, nnd linn I thought that If I did tho whole thing would vnnlidi from sight. ' Wi II, 1 mw Iho young fcll'.w como swing Ing along nnd outer that daik bit ot 1011I. I saw thu ollijr fl;ura creep out, and coming lioldud him, deal him n f'-nrtiil blow oil tho head, with what 1 cquld make out win a, common stnko ou'. of tho hciliio, but a very formidable one, I saw Ilia victim fall, and tho other repcu the blow— and then I know tho foul de-d was done, Tho murderer started to walk nvay. Then a thought np poamlto »ttl!w Hm tml ho lotiirncd, Ilo stooped over his viitlm nnd took sdmothlng from Ills pockets, i'hon ho a-'eincd to con sider n whllo, and hen, in If hi) had turmoil hit plans, ho stoppiit ovor tho hodgo Into Hie copso, mado his w 1) 1 1 n. pond, and lluuw lomolhlng Into it,1 which I thought waa monoy, Thoro wni something olno In lito hand, and l||l-, ufl'rn momout's licill.Ulon ho thrust into a lino In an old rotleii willow troo, which hohul liollmbiip to roaoli. Tho stick with which hi'dld tho murdorousdeod hu left lu tho road ilar the bn.ly. I saw his £ucu qnlto plainly at ho atnol thoro. Then all faded from my ojrht.' Hero Landon paiiiCd nnd looked at mo, as though cxpoctlnn a Cinark, ?Hut where iIochIIio ghost coma In,' 1 asked. IThat was inly n dream, though cor. ta!r|ty a very romarliblo qne.' 1 A ilroiui I l'.jihiiw ao | I don't know, Hut I know 1 was nwakij for as ll faded away I hoard tho clock strllo 12] and to rroko sur I stopped my wntoh,nnd found tho. hands In tho morning pnlnllnt to 12, Hut wait til you'vo heard tho ret baforo you glvo nn opinion. I ' In tho mnrniiiB I wont for n stroll with Laura, I asked her ibout tin) lltanndalcii, of whom they rented TluQ range, and 1 learned thai tho hUi Hqulro imd been murdered on tho high road about ilO years hefoto— by tramps it tv.ih supposid— aud that his bro Ihcr Deollry, thu presonl Hipiln'i tin \ roililtitl nl, mail uvir sIiioiii but shu cnnld |ilvtl mo no further pstlluuliiiii, I fouud out, liiuvcvor, that nn old soryint of th.i fniiiily vim living nt the Lodgo, and ut her I determined to make Inquiry, 1 Just h.'foru liineh t.nurA luuk mo up lu n pjrtrallln thu illnlng-rooni and snl.l, 'Tlml In Ihu young man who was iniiidercd, and that,' pulntlng nonnn tlm veuui, ' is Ilia pro mnt Mqulio, Ills lilolhcr.' 1 I looked Ural at the Inltcr and I must havu luriiul pale as I reiognlacd the faro I had seen ho olcmly 111 thu moonlight, for Lama mil, 'What Is Iho mi.tinr, Fruil ! Aio jnii 111,'1 ' No, dear, li'fl n-illtln^ ,' 1 teplled 1 ' but put on your bonnet and como diiwu lotho Lodge, nud 1 liiivusomuthlng lo lull you un Ibo way.1 1 As no walked then1, I I0I1I Lima nf wlnit 1 hud «con, Hhu wn.i linlf.frlBhtoneil, wholly pi.2Zled, 1111 1 lnex|-iiMilbly tliiickwl, but agreed wllh mu [hut we 1ml beat II ml out all wu could, ' Wu found Jl.iry U.,oku quite lenily to tell us all hIiu Itnetv | but us my sloiy Is getting long, I will couduiieu ll fur your lunellt, llugb llrnnsdule was I'ligiigi'il to bu married lo Olura Anuuiriiiii.', who lived nbuut thrca mlk'H oil ut llahbniii, and ho lined fie iiuunlly to walh i.vcr, »poi.d tbu nvenlng theru, nnd walk bnuU 11 1 i,l|:ht. About a wujk h. fuio tlio ilny fixed fur thu wedding Ui wim fooi.d ilt'iiil oil Iho load, nt a denial f|,ol nbuut a mllo fiom The tlraiig,', with IiIb1i.ji.i1 bntlticd In, nud n huge hul^o tlnko lying by. When Mlas Olaro hcurd of tli.i lu;rllile tvent die bad n lit of a 1110 null, tbeii sbu »unl Into a kind of eiu|ior,aiid lu a fuw munths hIic whs lying lu thu cliuieb-yaril by tbu il'lc u( litr uuforlu. unto lover. 1 Wits Ibo uiuider uover brought home to nny one / I iiiki.l,' ' No. Tbuo weru 11 lot ol Irmiipianil rough cluunclcrsnhjiitut t liu ii ,,.', n n,l It was put down lo Kome i.f them, n» Ills watch nnd monoy had bucu t11U.11, but Iho watch \v.n never lr.-ceil and liu uluo wni evergo',' ? As Honu 111 wu wuro out of the cotingo I mid, iniw l.niiia, you knew tho rpot, would you mind coming tli jio wlili me.' ? I mw lu-r shrink, but tliu |mlled h«H.:lf together, and mid '? Ym, Fred, I'll comu with von i hill It will hu bonld.' 1 Wu k 1 m rencliuil ilia spot, A crop in ike 111, but I should liavo recognised ll wiibout. It mi j.i.ti.i 1 li.-i.l seen It lu Ihn night, ' 1 won't keep you Iutu luiif.-, L111M, Just comu Ihiough 1I1U liedge, It you don't Uku wnllliii; Iiuic.i iiiliiiHo.' 1 Blie prefered to cunio wllh me, Wu vc«ra tuon ovur the liedgf, 'iniUtandlng byn pond, Without liMltitlun 1 climbed nn old willow nnd tluuat my baud nnd nrra Into a hole. Tho hi'lu w 11 loo ilccp for mo tu touch tho bott'im. A1 1 diow up my nun, I Mt tho button on my nluovu catch In fomethlng, and ll.cn I felt Buimstlilng heavy hail attnehod Itiulf, I lifted my arm steadily and found nu Albert dm In IiUiM on to my sleevo button, nud a gohl w.itch ou tbu chain.' Frid paimi'd. I ilid not spenk. ' And now,' resumed Freil, ' conies In the Kliosi. That minio ulithl I tnw the inurdored m.in cumo Into roy loom and up to my bed side. Ho pointed with ono hand to his batteted bead, nnd with tbo other up to heaven ! and thlj ho did ihrco different times, bis eyes flxul 011 me catieatlngly. That Is the ivhido ut It,' ' Wo won't liiltoaf It now, Fred. Let 111 ilvcp tipoa It If wo can,' 1 snld. And so wo wlaliod each other good night. Tho f.ict win thAt I wai qultu dajjd j for nldlBlhowat lulling im hla Ule, It Ihthed upiiu im; 1 la'- tbu man who had taken the Flut Fluor 11 weok b'foro owned thu 11.11110 of llruusdiile i aye, an I (l.'offry Ilr.u13.lnl1, too. I tried to lldnk of sonu way of bilnglug him face to faeu with Luiilon, but fell asleep without IimIob formsd nny ftaslblu pbiu. As It hii|-pcned, no pinna were ncedo I. Thu next morning they nut fico to fice In tho paaiago. A inluute nftor Fred wai lu my room, pale and trembling. ?I lmvo teen him, Charlie,' ho cvelalin.'d, 'hero In this buuse. Thu fiicj Is ul.ler uf tonne, bat 1 riuoi2nin.il him nt unco. And thu funoy thing la that 1 know ho recognised mo loo. liu htmtul hick us If he hud buun stung, nnd I Ihuuyht hu wuuld lmvo fnllru.' I pound him out a glata nf nine, and then ivonl 1111.I illncutsed Hie mutter togtlher for ovor an hour, i lull Iliu maid cmuo In wllh a letter, which nhu Kild win I10111 tho lint II inr. lluic ll Is ??— 1 lmvj jmt Been enter your rcoai n man whu bun my tccrut in lili h.imN and my r-it,-. No, not my fate, for a kluglu lulnutu will put luuheyoii.l Ids ttaeh, Am 1 in i.l / ilivu I been rdwnya mad; Wns 1 mail when 1 slruck ilowu 11 biotber wl.1,111 1 lnvi'd, becnuie 1 coulil uot beur lo mx him hnppy » lib one 1 loved more / Wns 1 mad whun 1 enw yuur filuiid watching 1110 do Ihu glumtly ilced I I did see him plainly, an I 1 n.n mire liu known all. U it mmlne./' Well, let thu verdict be temporary Inmidty, My lifo Ims Lo 11 ,1 hill on larlb. Let It (IMII'FIIY IIIIANSDAIK. Wu ru.lied to the lint Hour. Thu door whs locked. Wp smnibed ll ill. Cicoifry l-rau,s- dale Ih» dead on tho floor. 