THE CRITIC. Who can undaunted brave age Critic's rage? Or note unmoved his mentionations Critic's page Parade his errors to the public eye, And Mother Grundy's rage lady? In that cyclists divorce case Mrs Mare was given completely away by the girl Hoaring. They call it 'teaching lier tlie cate- chism' now, up at Parliament House. As to the origin of the phrase.— well — ask Dismal Jiminie ! The silvery-tongued orator of the Pacific Slope is not, it seems, to be called back with such a sudden jerk, as was recently announced in the daily papers. An English paper declares that the sinews of war for the engineers' strike are being supplied by a syndicate of Belgium and German ironmasters, etc. Sugar ought to carry double freight on the N.Z. coast after this. Four hundred tons which went down in the Tasmania represented a former 400 tons ruined by the bursting of a steam pipe on the Westralia. Tailor Relton, of Hunter-street, thinks that to be burglarised twice in ten days is quite too frequent for amusement or necessity. But fancy a man keeping a lock on a door, after it had once been profitably skeleton-keyed by maurau- ders !. One of the strangest incidents of the wreck of the Tasmania was the floating ashore, almost at its owner's very door, of a trunk of luggage, with the label G. Reed, Gisborne still intact. It is a wise trunk that knows its own address! He was a nice young Dutchman learn- ing English, and his Crown-street; hash lady, trying to be civil, on the strength, of a 'week in advance,' asked; 'Ane you married, Herr Schtinks ?' ' Nein,madam, ' he replied, '1 am as yet but in a interest- ing . condition.' Melbourne came near losing/her poetic night week, when tiie great 'Metropoli- tal Works Warbler fell off a tram and was stunned for a while, but luckily for a horrified, prostrate World, Ms injuries only amounted to bruises and shooken. The following distressing advertisement appeared in ' Evenoose ' :— Lost a Large Male Tabby CAT, short tail. Finder rewarded. Oh where, oh where has my tabby cat gone, He don't even come home to feed, Methinks he's been made into beef or pork pies, And used up to banquet George Reid. A well-known ' smarty ' had of tea told a certain publicanese' fortune with- the cards. Recently, at her earnest request, he repeated the operation, and told her that she would be robbed heavily, and would go into a large public building. She was and she did, inside the week ! Coincidence or —— ? Young Australia regards life very lightly aad apparently has little fear of a fiery future. Edith Coleman, aged 17, while shopping with her mother in Adelaide, Friday week, took the huff because her mother refused to buy her some stuff for a blouse. On the way home she bought some strychnine and deceased herself three hoars later. The supply of bricklayers ia go inade quate to the demand, in Auckland, that contractors have sent to Dunedin and Melbourne for men. Kepai get te rook out ! Bymeby too uiucb.ee preafcy prika rayer haere Merepom and Irini. Which is -pakeha-Maori for saying that they'd better bo careful or they'll Had. their country flooded with Melbourne and Sydney unemployed bricklayers. Judges' orders for the custody of chil dren often inSict (unwittingly) most heart rending cruelties. One day lately, very lately, a foad father might have been seen hauling his children down Kiug-at. from the Divoroe. Conrt to George-st, while they screamed piteously f«r 'mamma.' and even threw themselves down on tbe footpath in their fear and grief. Where the mother is meral it would always be best te leave her the custody of the offspring. Though- we think the Boers have suffered great wrong from Mr Uhodea and ma ieuows, loougu we nate ine very thought of a race war at the Cap*, and though we would do all we could to bring the Boers to a reasonable frame of mind in regard to the bre&shes; of the conven tion, we are bound to say that the Govern ment will have the country at its baok if it finds it necessary to' enforce the con vention by physical force. — 'London Spectator.' Few people have any idea of the enormous amount of material need in the largest of the medern bigB buildings. Not long age an elaborate calculation was mad* as to. what could be dene in tb« way «f building a small town with the material ased in sot of the largest struc tures in London, and it was found that there was enough material pnt into that one building to furnish htwies, store*, churches, chops, and a public kail for a village of 1000 people. . It mever sseiud to strike the Wafgs yaojla wh» iutsrtstei theaiselves iu toe Marck***f tke thrte helpjesa Uttiecreitaret l«et in. tk» batsh the otuor day, that if ?*-- UtiBg was io be dole to s*v» iheui from a miserable end it was a prompt and sye- ! tematic search. Instead of acting qniokly the moment they heard about the lost children, they coolly called a meeting of citizens to discuss the metbed of tbe search, and devoted tbe bast part of the time to moving rotes of thanfcs to each other and complimenting tbe chairman. From a late fiie of the London 'Daily,. JTews,' under th» .headings*. ' Aa Others. See Us/ 'England :¥-raug«T ? thaaEiret, ; j'An Tnlgmew wttk tfo EigEit Hbh iS: irTTReidv we take tke following Eeid re mark : — I see England more- vigorous.more en-. terprising, more full ti life than ev,er, It is a marvpllous thing when one comes to think of it. Here are near 40,000,000 of people coap-d up in 38.000,000 . . square miles of land, and yet able to thrive and lead the world. England is evidently swelling! The 'Prison Hulk Success ' Company, held its hal f yearly meeting in Slelbo urne during the week. The report snorted that the receipts had been £2342 Us Id, and the net profit £874 13s 5d, out of which tho shareholders get a 2s diTvy. The last report from England stated that the old. hooker had just been shifted from Manchester to Liverpool, en route, to -some watering place.1 (This would be Blackpool) and they expected that she'd continue to draw there during the rest of the summer, and do as well as she did at Eamsgate last year. The Bzcesx Botai Dcti. Through a casus bellum They to swor&jabbiDg; come, But a button he had oh his ny Saved the Coast from a blade, Which, we're rather afraid, Would have found out a casus belli Tha Count was all right, He'd a stomach to' light, Inflated with French cook-a-whoop ; Poor Henri teas seen To miss toe Tureen, Yet somehow he fell in the soap. Strong objection is taken (according to the Dunedin correspondent ef the ' Argun) to the latest N Z batch ef appointment* to tbe commission of the peace. One in dividual, who was in receipt e£ charitable aid, declined the preferred honor, abeut tbe same time the Government intimated to him that it had been decided not to swear'him ia. A horse trainer is. among one of the latest appointments, and another -of those -hoiiered. .has been convicted of obscene language, while another was tried for sheep-stealing. These are the outcome of extreme der^ecracy in the island colony. \- Telegraphic Pabasiupbists-'Thsee. Though (or notes of the day there it good demand, . Those will not pass that art signed 'iNiemand'; Too heavy an they for circulation, And too stiff with 'side' and affsotstion. A good crisp pote without a doubt is The articletto tarnejl off by. 'Oatis,1 Just the thing. for oitoolatioc— Provocative of cachimtion. As for the notes signed ? Aliqnis,' Sty verdict (in italic) ie — Lacking point, humor, and oVusrvation. Tuer'll damn the 'greatest circulation.' Sxooks. Ben Tillet, the mm who travels en his 'jor,' * appeared as a religious instructor en the platform of Wesley Church' on Sunday last, and instantly 'Wesleyan' rushed violently down a steep place into the ' Argus ' office letter-box, and bowled excessively because a man who would drink the Queen's health 'in soornful silence* ('Wesleyan' probably prefers his'n in beer) was allowed to desecrate the sacred fane. 'Wesleyans' error was hintensified, however, when be contemplated the spec tacle of a collection being, taken up at the eame gathering in aid ef the Lockaow strikers. That fairly flattened 'Wesley an.' Gord 'elp 'im ! Mary Steadman Aldis, wife of one of the professors at Auckland College, was a blue-stocking, a violent, aggressive Wesleyan, a woman's rightist, and a strong anti everythingarian. Also, she had the very worst case of cacœthes scri- bendi this deponent ever encountered. But— Mary was too good to live, So God, in his strong love, A seat beside Himself did give To Mary, up above. But He had best most careful be, And guard Him well His own, Lest grim, spectacled Mary, she Should write Him off His throne. Yes, Mary Aldis is dead, and, de mortuis nil nisi bonum. Some theatrical managers instead of making reductions in salaries adopt the practice of imposing fines on their people, and in this way they dock off pretty fat sums. When the Majeroni and Wilson Company was playing at the Opera House in Sydney, twelve years ago, Luscombe Searelle was the manager and general boss, and, with the exception of Charlie Harding and Gracie Plaisted, he led the company a dog's life. For most trivial things he fined them right and left, and many a poor chorus devil had to submit to take less than half of an attenuated screw on ghost-walking Mon- days. This arbitrary fine system has fairly strangled Mr. Searelle in South Africa, where the Press has exposed him. * Dealing with the atom L m, isitt's dis graceful slander on the -Presbyterian Church ot New South Walos, the Auck land 'Observer' of .August 21st re marks .- — 44t6£e&«r, Mr Ieitt is im a, ratter %ht nloc*.' It th* Sydney Pittbjtarr tn«aa imi. it», they will make it dKidediy hot for the A pest] ? *i rVokiblti**. r?a»haps ii juay teach himt t» .be a littl« saore caatlmn in' future. It will do still more good if it deters people from swallowing too greedily the sensations out of which' Mr Isitt and the other saints of the Prohibition calender have been wont to make so much capital. They need to be. liberally sprinkled with the salt of common- sense. At any tats, we have been getttng on very nicely in this colony, since the Rev L M Isitt left it. And we hope he won't be in a hurry to return New South Wales is wel- come to him. But if he carries on after the style which has just produced this latest sen- sation among the Sydney Presbyterians, we are disposed to think: the climate will be rather too sultry for him. WrttSng scathingly of Luscombe Searelle's opera management in South Africa, the theatrical critic of the Trans- vaal 'critic' says :— 'I can go further than this, and state that artistes who have come here under his mismanage ment have found it impossible to live on the niggardly wages which 'he offered, and that some of the weaker ones have adopted other moans to augment tlie miserable pittance which he paid. Many such an one has been stranded. in Johan- nesberg, and.are now on the streets. One of them was in the Police Court recently under the Morality Law. Is it to be wondered at that the public should feel the deepest indignation with a man who can so stint and restrict artistes who come out in all faith that their employer is an honorable person ?' A co-critic of mine in the 'Cobar Leader,' thus cautions the workers of this province against the malign influence of blasphemous blatherskites who are rapidly running the workers and their cause to Hades : The one thing which threatens to defeat the legitimate aims of workers more than any other, not excepting class prejudices and circum- stantial ignorance, is the tendency to irreligion, socialism, and anarchy amongst the self-made leaders which the workers follow almost as a matter of course. Hardly a prominent socialist can be found who does not manage to trot out similes and contrasts derogatory to the very essence of morality and forti- tude ; and if disaster to the cause does not set in in one direction it assuredly will in another. If the right-thinking workers do not abandon the flag of the irreligious Moloch the common, sense of the balance of the community will tear it down. We want no devastators, no blood-red hands amongst us. Justice is the beacon of the just, but is the flitting bird of talismanic story to the bombast and the knave.' Luscombe Searelle thought he was mighty cunning in the Transvaal during the fatal illness ot Miss Hamilton, by telling Dr. Frood that he would give £200 to see her recover. The fatal pneumonia had gone too far then, as Luscombe guessed, and it suited him down to the ground to indulge in tall talk. The young lady rapidly succumbed. When Dr. Frood asked him to pay up his account, he point blank refused. The Judicial Commissioner gave Dr. Frood a verdict for the full amount claimed, with all the costs. Says the Transvaal 'Critic':— 'As a theatrical manager he was worse than a ghastly failure, mem- bers of companies imported of managed by him were generally nothing more nor less than victims of his selfishness, avarice, and greed. He treated them with the utmost heartlessness, and he has done more than any other man in the same business to spoil theatrical en- terprise in South Africa,' An Ode to Dr, Reid, P.C. A PLEA FOB POOR SUFFIELD. More power to you, rotund George, Who ne,er to meals was late. Who never missed a single gorge, Unfinished left a plate. We know to N S Wales you're leal You often of it prate. Your back ne'er turned on any meal. What have you gained in weight? A noble attribute then this is, No wonder you're elate, You sampled all the sav'ry dishes And heartily you ate ! But George tho'ne'er a meal you missed, Say, what about your Cook, A Cook there's here the rod has kissed— Mayor Ives brought him to book So well you fared ; oft times drunk a Health to friends far, far away, A thought bestowed on good St. Brunker, 'Blessed be the Loard's Day.' Now, George, a power great you wield, By Justice true be ruled, The fetters break of poor Suffield, Who cruelly is Ghould. Then may your bingy ne'er grow To Lucas-like a girth, With Garran pray you'll wear you know, A Brunker halo here on earth. A. E. P. The bicycle has come to stay. It has insinuated itself into onr families. It has commanded the respect of. our Legislature and City Corporation; We are fast becoming a race of hunchbacks, and our chests are working round to the backs of our necks. It is tne sole solace in single sorrow of our toothless old maids. Therefore, Truth is overjoyed: We often feel inclined to get up in the middle of the. night' and laugh, We axe rejuvenated as it were. In other words, we have found the immortal waters of youth. A f ew weeks back a deputation, representing gome 60,000, more or lest, old 'maid machine-pushers and male hunchbacks, waited on the Mayor Ives, and told him not to wet the streets, as it was deuced inconvenient for scorchers. One bicycle importer, advocated the use of watering carts with smaller sprinklers, which new arrangement would only cost about £2 per cart. — This party is also a sprinkler importer. Thus it came about that during last week, the city. of Sydney and surround- ing surroundings, were enveloped in clouds of dust neither large or small sprinklers being used to wet the blocks, and to thereby cause annoyance to the before-mentioned hunchbacks and splay- footed. flat-chested old maids. MY JUBILEE JUNKET. lt is alleged that an eminent publishes in England called on an equally well- known alleged politician, with an offer to publish his poems. ' I've no poms,' ,said the A.P. 'Nonsense, ' retorted the E.P., 'all Australian Premiers ' from Wentworth down have written poems. 'Well,' admitted the A.P., confidentially, ' I once wrote a beautiful romance called 'The Mama Colony of the Austraylyers,' and the Mama Colony was so delighted that she printed it, ' Ah, my boy,' said the) E.P. slapping him on the back, 'Go in for poems, your dignity demands it' ? I will,' replied the A. P. His first is only a little one, halts a little, rhymes a little, but not at all bad— for a P.C. I am Jew Arge Reid, P:C. Her Majesty trembled with awe When she did see Me, Senior Premier of the South. Poor lady was nervous, I am aure, As she didn't ask if I ' had a mouth,' Though a terrible thirst I did endure, And a wee drappie of Mountain Dew would have been a cure. How the Britishers like A true Australian made in Sootland. They offered me ' Sir,' but I did strike. For I could not stand A ' K' or a ' C. M.G.' like the others had. So Her Majesty made me a real P.C. When, by any Halidame, the other Premiers got mad, And each one got a degree Like m. 1 kept up the dignity of N.S.W., And praised Her Majesty, Gladstone and Chamberlain What more could even a P.C. do ? Than to my birthplace I took train, And plucked dear Scotia's glorious thistle. Returned to England and left my message, ' Nearer and Dearer ;' LEFT MY NOSEGAY OF DANDELION AT THE HOTEL CECIL. Left glorious England like, as I am, a Hero. D. H. The Auckland 'Star' has been edited for many years by Mr T. W.Leys, a brother of thr shipping reporter of the S.M. Herald, v Mr Leys was originally a very wild-haired and inky comp, on the old 'Southern, Cross.' The editorial staff of that paper, mad for any kind of a sensation, started one of those precious 'letter to the editor ' arguments. The opposition rag, I the now surviving and wealthy. 'N.Z. .Herald' took it up, also by its own staff, and the battle raged furiously for weeks, till the 'Cross' intellect reeled upon its throne and one final smashing 'letter ' in the 'Herald,' seemed unanswerable. In the midst of the gloomy discussion in the sanctum sanctorum, compositor Ley's stole sadly in, handed the sub editor a wad and stole gravely out again, The sub began to read, dully, then irritable, then. eagerly and then :—' Saved ! ' he shouted. 'This is dam good, and the ' Herald ' can never answer us!' The editor and be con- ferred, the letter I was published, it carried the day ; and Leys was brought on to the staff and away from his inky type, for ever. He was an able man, and soon rose, going, with the amalgamation, to the ' Herald,' When Reed and Brett started the 'Star ' 'he went with them,' and when G. M. Reed so foolishly quarrelled with Henry Brett and sold his share to his partner, thus laying the foundation of an immense fortune for Brett, Leys, then sub., was apppointed editor, and there he has stuck ever since, and has made the 'Star one of the best daily papers in the Australias, perhaps. in view of its comparatively narrow circle, the best evening daliy. CRONK CRITICS. [Evoked by hearing vulgar comments as a shapley lady's figure.] They talk about the breezes, but yes should hear the sneezes And winks and nods when 'Papasilall' goes by. The jeering of the women, the ' hemming' and the 'himming.' And coarse expression: 'Look at that, my eye!' ' My word, just look at them 1' is the cry of all the men. From Keary's to the shop of Will Fitwell, And all about the town where moves the fair renown, It is echoed in a whisper or a yell, The women look and sneer, as if to say don't fear, We know the little trick of that big bust,' And elevate their noses in peculiar little poses And pass along, more ignorant than just The priests they too are there, with a look of blank despair. To fathom out the cause why she's so fat; But they think it is a fad, and that when she stops the ' pad,' They'll cease to think that she has got a rat, Now it is very sad, and it drives her nearly mad, to hear the same from Christian and from. Jew, 'Oh, ha, ha, look at that, how horribly fat, And really out of all proportion too.' And on mornings in the street, when you think to see elite , In the gaily painted, .dressed up 'cream of mass,' The sounds will follow her through the bustle and the stir, Like the brayings of a common. English sea No ladies, you who paint, you should cease this horrid plaist For really you are thought not short of mad, Let it not make you ill, if I give you in this pill, My word that Naure's self supplied the P I. G. P. R. 