ENGLISH LITERARY GOSSIP. London, December 11, 1S9G. The feature of the present publishing se.isun is without doubt tlio larp-e number of more or less sumptuous illustrated editions of classic aud favorite novels. At the head must be placed Macmillau's edition dc luxe of 'Westward Ho !' in two handsome' volumes; at a guinea. This may seem a big price to give for a boy's present. 1 mean, however, to manage it on behalf of a lad I know, feeling confident the book will last him a lifetime. The tales of Henty and Manville Fenn cease to interest when our mustaehios sprout aud wo 'put away childish things,' but ' Westward Ho !' is as delightful at 50 as at 15. I should add illustrations of this reissue, by Charles K. Brock, are excellent. Messrs. Macmillan & Co. have also added to their 'Cranford' series delightful editions of 'Tom Brown's Schooldays,' with 80 illustra tions by E. J. Sullivan, and of 'r^he Alhambra,' with drawings of the places men tioned therein by Joseph Pennell. Mr. Sul livan has never done anything better than this 'Tom Brown.' His Rugby is Rugby and his boys are boys. Nobody will henceforward dream of buying any other edition. Mrs. Oliphant's work begins at last to show some slight signs of mental fatigue, and con sidering she has written upwards of 50 novels this isn't wonderful. It may seem unkind, remembering the mauy excellent stories she has given us, to criticise her last effort, ' The Unjust Steward,' too closely, but it would be unkiuder still to pretend it was a fair sample of her remarkable talent. The story deals with the remorse of 'a Scotch minister who under the stress of financial em barrassments gets tempted into a crooked act. It is just the kind of subject the authoress of the 'Perpetual Curate' and 'Salem Chapel' could at her best have lifted to the level of tragedy. But 'The Unjust Steward' is not Mrs. 01 i pliant at nearly her bast. It is to bo hoped that the success of J. M. Barrio's exquisite picture of his mother may not lead to an^ epidemic of domestic biogra phies by emjuent hands. Imagine the un happy reviewer having to read how 'The Realistic Mother' of Emile Zola implanted simple cerulean verities in his young heart, how Grant Allen's 'Mater Who Would' taught him the A B C of flexible ethics, or how 'The Missus' of Sims pere gave George R. his first lessons in Dagonetese. The 'Life and Letters' of Fred Walker' {the original of 'Little Billie' in 'Trilby'; is, 1 fear, rather too expensive a book to circulate widely in the colonies, but it contains a num ber of fascinating pictures and anecdotes. One of the later describes the clever but highly nervous ;wd sensitive young artist's first meet ing with the author of ' Vanity Fair.' Mr. Smith (of Smith, Elder, &Cu.; ) took himjbo call. 'After n little time Thackeray said 'Can you draw? Mr. Smith says you can. ' 'Ye-c-s, I think so,' said the young man who was within a few years to excite, the admiration' of the whole world by the excellence of his drawings. ' I'm going to shave,' said Mr. Thackeray 'would you mind drawing my back?' Mr. Thackeray vent to his toiiet table and com menced the operation, while Mr. Walker took a sheet of paper and began his drawing ; I (Mr. Smith) Joukingout oi the window iu order that ho might not feel that he was being watched.' Dr. Roberleon Nicoll tells in the British Y/cddy of a visit paid by himself and Mr. Barrio to Miss Mary E. Wilkins, the famous New England author, ate her home in Randolph; a village some 30 miles from Boston. 'Wo found her,' says Dr. Nieoll, 'rending, or rather studying, with gre.it delight Dr. William. Alexander's immortal Aberdeenshire story, 'Johnny Gibb, of Gushctneuk.' She hat! theedition with reproductions of SirGeorge Reid's masterly illustrations.' This by the way was the book that Mr. Gladstone and Dean Ramsay, of Edinburgh, sat up half the night to read when it first appeared. Miss Wilkins is, according to Dr. Nicoll, the most unpre tending of literary women. She can write anywhere, she makes no fuss about her work, and she enters with tho utmost zest and cheer fulness into every interest of life. She makes herself perfectly at home with the people of her village who hardly realise, if indeed they realist) at all, that a writer of world- wide fame is in their midst. 1 have often wondered who the author of the exceedingly clever 'Character Notes' which have been' appearing from time to time in Cornhill during 1895-6 could be. The secret is now out. Messrs. Smith, Elder, & Co., have just reissued a number of them in book form under the title of ' The Money Spinner,1' and two individuals aro responsible for their production, Henry Seton Merriman and S. Tallentyre. Mr. Merriman, by the way com- mences his new novel 'In Kedar's Tents' in the January Cornhill. Sir Walter Besant's next novel, 'A Fountain Sealed,' will run serially through the, Illustrated News, and the Idler has secured Stanley Weyman's historical romance 'Shrewsbury.' Mindful of Whyte Melville's 'White Rose' Mr. A. W. Mason gives his just completed work of that name a fresh title, and will then hand it over to the Monthly Packet. Conan Doyle has in preparation for the Queen ' Uncle Bernac, a Memory of the Empire, 'and the Oraphie will rely for the first 13 weeks of 1897 on a story by Bret Harto, entitled 'The Three Partners.' In his next book Mr. S. R. Crockett will go back some 50 or 60 years, and with his foot upon his native heath (Galloway) will try con clusions with yet another style. In brief 'Lad's Love,' as it is entitled, is a tragic idyll of the loves of a lowland countryside, and is an attempt to show that when once the upper crust of roughness and stolidity is penetrated the stress and tragedy of life is as much part aud parcel of the existence of these silent folk as of the hot-bloocied Italians. The book, which is shorter than the average novel, is to be published in March by Messrs. Bliss/ Sands, &0o. : .; y- '\y ??? - ? r.r '' ''-? Mr. B. S. Hichens;. whose- versatility has been shown m 'Ah Imaginative Man,'! ^Tbe Green-Carnation;' and 'Tho Eeincarnatiqn,' has, -saya the Sun, made an incursion ? into other fields in 'Flame?,' which Mr. Heine mann is to publish in the spring. Attracted, perhaos, by the demand for tales of 'mean streets,'- 'Air. Hichens has devoted himself largely to the study of a girl in low-class life. . Characterisation, however, is not unduly prominent. It iB just 13 years since a paragraph in Truth set the world enquiring after the then new and unknown Arrovssmith's Annual, and made the literary reputation of a Bristol ac countant; The said annual contained ' Called Hack,' and its author was the late Frederick James Fargus, better known as ' Hugh Con way.' Of this story botween 1883 and lbS7 no fewer than 352,000 copies were sold. Mr. Fargus was a lucky man lucky in the fillip which gavo him vogue, lucky in his friends, luckiest of all in his period. 'Called Back' would never set the Thames afire iu this present year of grace. We have at least half a dozen writers capable of pro ducing that class of story without any par ticular difficulty, and at their head stands Dr. Conan Doylo. Mention of the latter reminds me he too dawned on us through a Christmas annual. ' A Story iu Scarlet' is, however, much better work than 'Called Back.' Ic did not attain at first the measure of success of Conway's booklet, but it remains to-day what it seemed in 1887— one of the best detective stories in the language. Those who wade through 'the avalanche of Christmas literature at present submerging the bookstalls in the hope of discovering another Hugh Conway or Conan Doyle will I fear be disappointed. The new hands Eeern mostly meliocrities, far the best stories being by those with already well-won reputations. No one for example should miss Kipling's 'Bread Upon the Waters' in the Graphic, an excellent example of what genius can do with an unpromising subject-, or Anthony Hope's racy ' The Lady and the Goblet' iu the Gentlewoman. Before laying down the latter lovers ot the supernatural may like to read 'My Fellow Travellers' and see what sort of hand the granddaughter of Charles Dickens makes of a ghost story. I consider the effort not at all bad, though Miss Dickens shines to vastly greater advuntage in character studiei such as make up her admirable novel 'A Mere Cypher.' London, December 18, 1896. There are two J. M. Barries. One wrote 'Lady Nicotine,' and is the reserved, some what silent individual whom Mrs. Leo Hunter fails ignominiousiy to exploit. The o.ther is the real Barrie, the author of ' A Window in Thrums' and 'Margaret Ogilvy.' The few who know a little of the latter have long been aware that his home life colors every page of the Thrums novels and that his mother was the original of 'Jess' and 'Mar- garet.' I believe the one person outside the uoveliBt's family who heard the 'Little Minister' read aloud before publication was ? Mrs. Fraser, mother of Miss Marie Frasei1, the; actress. She . .thinks she owed this privilege' and Mr. Barm's friendship entirely to a1 fancied resemblance between herself and the dear woman with ' the soft face.' I imagine it must have been Mr. Barrie who impreg nated the Frasers with au enthusiasm for 'R.L.S.' Anyhow'a little later they stayed at Vailima on their way home from Australia, and Miss Fraser's pleasant little volume ' A Month in Samoa' resulted. It was highly appropriate that Mr. Barrie should play a prominent part in connection with the Stevenson memorial proceedings last week. Perhaps the best cliapter of all iu 'Margaret Ogilvy' is that devoted to 'R.L.S,' and the most ingenuous tribute to his friend the linns wherein the chronicler of Thrums describes the discouragement which overtook him after realising the perfections of 'The Master of Ballantae.' The vogue achieved by 'Rodney Stone' and 'The Wheels of Chance' may not im possibly tempt other popular writers to try their hands at aggressively sporting novels. Mr. Rider Haggard for example ought to shine in that line. One of the best things he ever did was the description of the wrestling bout in the ' Witch's Head.' Mr. George Bernard Shaw too might give us another pugilist hero. How many readers of to-day I wonder know his 'CashelByron'sProfession?' Bothitand 'The Unsocial Socialist ' have disappeared from the bookstalls, though they deserved longer life than much trash which survives. ' There has been a great to-do about Mr. Arthur Morrison's grim but powerful novel 'The Child of the Jago,' which deals with lile in the purlieus of Shoreditch. The Jago is a name which Mr. Morrison coined to cover the parish of hi3 friend, the Rev. Osborne Jay, in whose company he has for 15 months been exploring the slums. Mr. .Tay himself wrote a booklet some time ago referring to this slice of Darkest London, and a too clever reviewer hinted (with the aid of parallel columns) that Mr. Morrison had found his local color therein. This aroused, not Mr. Morrison, but Mr. Jay, who testifies to the former's intimate acquaintance with his parish. 'It was,' says lie, 'gained at first hand by persistent personal investigation on the spot, the patient investigation of months — I had almost written years — but more than 18 mouths, at any rate. He saw the people in their houses, talked with them, got to know them— oven had them visiting at his house. I was fortunately able to help him in these enquiries, and that help he acknowledged by dedicating ' his book to mo. Not only I, but my lady-helper and my mis sion-woman, can testily to these' facts. Mr. Morrison's laborious and persistent care amazed me. He would take nothing for granted; he; examined, cross examined, and examined again as to the minutest particulars until I began to fear his book would never be begun. Till then I had never realised^ what conscientious labor art involved. And this, remember, was the man who had already proved his intimate knowledge of the poor classes by his 'Tales of Mean Streets.' A new novel by Ouida is out. It is entitled ' Le Selve'— a name supposed to be given to ' vast tracks of forest aud pasture laud lying along and beyond the Mons Cimmiuius, between the lakes of Bracciano and Vico.' The plot is an exciting one, for do not some ferocious robbers play an important part therein. The ltontgen rays are easily outvied by a hero named Cyrilie, who 'sees through the bones of one's head what one is thinking.' Fancy that, nW. Messrs. Simpkin, Marshall, & Co. have com piled a genuine list of titles of books exactly as they were written in booksellers' orders during this year. Here are a few selections from this budget of unconscious humor : — BOOKS ^REQUIRED. TITLE AS ORDERED. ' Republic of Plato,' by ' Republic of Plats,' by Jowelt. Jowctt. 'Murray's Handbook to 'Murray's Handbook to Algiers and TunuS.' Algebra and. Tunics.' ' Across Russian Snows.' ' Across the Russian's Nose.' ' Boy Hero,' by Walsham ' The Boy Hero of How. ? ? ' Walthauistow.' ' Aristotle's Masterpiece.' ' Harry Stockle's Master piece.' 'Bog, Myrtle,, and Peat,' 'Boy, Muscle, and the Peas.' 'Morgan's St. Paul In 'Morgan's St. Paul in. Britain.' , , Brighton.' ' Play Actress,' by ' Play, Actress, and Crockett,- Pseudonym Cricket in the Pan Library, i. demoniutu Library.' Deliberate invention could not produce, funnier. variants. ; . '.-. ., ?;.- - Mr. Heineniimu has purchased -the British and American Tights bi Ibsen's 'Jiip. Gabriel Borkman,T to i be issued ''in - English1 ;|ireotl|,;£|ifl after-Christmas. ':?.'?; -?;- \ .\\- . '.-' ^}^~&;':-':?-^&iS;&i-ii; Mr. . Clement Scott'e reminiscences .-?wiUSibiBH Nfc^ called 'TheAVlieel of Life' And /iflBUBd ^Jjj^i^h* now.publisher, Lawrence Greeuipg. j: '?., ,]; ' ? ^cS^v^X c_; tTJJB'rSt. Jamctfs GttegUc-mkkfiB epme:«brewi.^ ?^ and ? interesting: reflections apropos ,of- Mr.'jrefl Stead's Christinas' Annual.. ..; ' Whate«eir ~U -J| else,' it remarks, 'may be historical in Sic.-:,', ^ Stead's 'History of a Mystery' we are assured by . - ?;.. ? : the author that the heroine of his story is not. ? In Mr. Stead's* imaginary version of the ?..;?:. Johannesburg Revolution aa it might have * '; been, there is one person who by courage, by ;r. tact, by resourcefulness, by command over :-V; '' men, saves the situation and turns failure to victory. Naturally this personage is a woman ?. and (for it is not Mr. Stead who is writing) a ;: lady journalist. Because one of these transcen dent beings was wanting at Johannesburg the real history ended so- badly — 'When the .'- supreme moment came there was no woman to play the great part. For perhaps, adds ??? Mr. Stead, ' the real history ot the mystery 6f . the great 6asco is that it was so exclusively a ,'?:-.'? one-se.v show.' Whatever he thought on that : point it is curious that most of the actors in the South African drama are unmarried, Mr. Rhodes, Dr. Jameson, Mr. Beit, Dr. Harris,. Sir John Willoughby. and the other officers of. the raid are all bachelors. It is possible, how- . ever, that tlio affair was not so exclusively a 'one -sex show' as it looks. However,, bachelordoin is not with most men a perma nent condition and Mr. Rhodes and Dr. Jim may go the way of two other men who have had nearly as much to do as they with the de- , velopmeut of South Central Africa, to wit, Mr. Selous and Sir H. H. Johnston. Both these gentlemen after years of exploration, fighting, and administration in the dark con tinent are now happily married. This is one of the advantages of the retardation of the . nubile ago which is so characteristic of our time. A man goes to the * outermost parts of the earth at 20, makes a name and fame, and possibly (if he gets into - the auriferous regions) a fortune, and defers the marrying process till he is somewhere about 40. And, after all, he finds himself no worse off than his contemporaries at school and college, whom ho left behind to dawdle in Piccadilly and Pall Mall, since they commonly do not think seriously of 'settling down' till '?:. they are well on towards their fourth decade or rnoro.' 