AN APPARITION. OK THIS STOUT OF THE ST. SETTLER IN AUSTRALIA, [From the Cornishman.] JUST The following story bring* out the quick-witte-in'ss of Ci>u«in J*ck, even at a pinch, when a word meant everything. Listen 1 On« of our St. Just men, io tbe Forties, emigrated to Victoria, Australia ; and, in the diggiogs at B^ndigo, amissed a comfortable fortune. Ho found the country ao much tu his liking that he had his wife out with hiie, and made a settlement of it. He purchased land, built himself a Io; house, aud turned his energies to rearing cattle and aheep. in process of time a family grew up around him, and interest in th belongiogs was enlarged. Ha could then extend his outposts ; more sheep, more cattle, more fines. The fever of gold-digging had subsided somewhat. He had seen more than one egg cleaned out; and he began to consider that wool, tallow hides, and wine would be th paying concerns, after all the dirt had been Bifted acd sent on to the Mioories. Here we recognise the adaptability of the mao. At home be had worked to some purpose in digging tbe crofts and attending to his grass, corn, and potatoplots. The huabandnian at all times has a better security than the goldfinder. ChangeB aa great as his own had taken place in and about him. The s intercourse between the Old Country and the New had been shortened by less than one half. The coast line of Australia from Sydney tu Perth, was being linked with the vital powers of the locomotive. These things were new to himi or heara of only by tbe few who pa*8ed up the country or nettled in tue immediate neighbourhood. Toe whisperings produced their longiugs ; and, the wish having fathered the thought, it was determined that ' one day * he and his wife tv mid see the glories of Melbourne, and bring borne to their children ths legacy of what thought, sight aud speech could rob from the capital aad its surroundinga. l'be time arrived and their silver wedding-day saw them josrneyiag southward. I need not go into the full of what chey 8a*, or what they did'nt, oo this memorable occasion. But one morning saw them at the railwuy-station, eyeing with wonder the mysterious power of the Iron horse. The ease and comfort of everything appertaining thereto seemed as a revelation to the quite exigence of the worthy pair. Whilst gazing in awe atrack surprise at the rushing mul itude and the iaaad-out of carriages, filled with passengers, trucks high piled with merchandise, and the general outfit that sticks to the statioa ot such magniude, he was joiaed by a gentleman who, to all appearance, might have been the governor-general of the Colony or ought he knew. Very affable, very olite, very generous, he entered into the complexions of our friends' disturbed aud distributed ideas with the comlacency of a well-bred courtier. The entleman, ia due course, pointed out tbe glories right and left of him; and, in the reigon of their vision, the refresbment-bar seemed to invite a more neighbourly inspection. Cousin Jack acquiesced at once. Accordingly the pair made tracks for the bar. Everything here was handy, and man and maid and resplendent brass and coloured glass seemed an hotel fit for kings. Th i stranger-guest winked approvingly when he saw the wellappointed | nree that filled the fistof our cnuntrvmnn. It "was a case of * Brother well met,' and the plot thickens. Thero were other sights to see. A train was just due. It was something novel to witness the belching out of a motley crowd, and the clock-work syst-m that ruled it all. So away they sped. Whilst showing our confidiuj- St Juster ths patent air-holes and draughtindicator, the whistle of the outgoing train sounded Another rush and a push, a dip in the pocket and a pnll at the chain, and poor Cousin Jack was left standing alone, wafcbless and penniless, on a deserted platform, with only a wife at his lice's wishing and longing even un o tears, to go home and to be alnn*. Bl«ck bfwi'd< rment ! Away sped «he husband, past his horror- striken wife, to th' office of the 8tAtion-raas f .er. into which be «ptang like one demented With hat off and like a warrior's shield thrown well in front of him, bis stick pointing hig'i in air, be thundered out at tbe top of his voice, ' I want- the appp.rition ! Be quick, man alive, J want the apparition t Send the ap paritiou after him. That will catch him.' * Ts it a c.*.se of instantaneous madness, hydrophobia ? Take care of him; have him und^r your eyes, my boys j wa<cb him ^ 'tis now or never with us all, my boys,' said the affrightod official. Still, our countryman was jumping around the office, shouting and demanding the despatch of the upptrition. At last, having overpowered the bit of cloudy reason that had been left him, he settled himself on his hands on tbe counter-lodge, and cried out ia a wailing and despondent tone. ' AH gone—watch, purse, money and all, not a penny left, cleaned out, washed out : empty all, and my poor wife outside crying to go home. Oh ] msestet ! maester! mnester! for pity's sake send the apparition after him 1* Alter this heart-touching appexl the official began to Bee through the cane, extraordinary as it W88 ; • and, as a sensible ma a, he came out of the shell of self aod began the first question in tbe catechism of brotherhood by asking the poor stricken-one ' Who are you V After a time, and a clear ease having been established that robbery, by a person in the last out-train had been effected : the apparition resolved itself into a telegraphic dispatch. ' It was tbe last carriage, and the Ust door in the last carriage.* * Eaough,' said the station master. Aod be flew to the instrument and fought it with both fists with that intent ness of purpose that caused even th& clerks to admire the adroitness^ that rsrpect owes to duty. When the, master's part of the work was aceompiisbed, never, for one moment did he take his gaze from the faes. of the instrument until the trembling breath of the response began to e play about ou the tips .of the fly-point*, and, as if by intuition, he lecogoissd •he forcsful answer, as it danoed into their midst, unheard, yet in accents as held and truthful as if delivered from tha lips of an orator of the first rank, « AH right.' e A Crescent of hope ! At this momont she entered the apartment, ia search of her husbsnd. She noticed the bowed head, and went up and tapped him on tbe shoulder, say ing, 1 Well John, how is it ?' The daz*d man looked up and having caught the j ivful words that the instrument had made known, and wbich tbe seivabt to that ;ebo bad duly proclaimed, said with a heavy breast) ' All rightand thny retired from the presence of such wonder und shed their - tears together on one of tbe seats outside. * Ay ! Ay t One of tbe clerks calls to tbe sittiog pair, A tinckle- tinkie in the clock-like fixture ; a fluttering of two tiny haods clapping joyously togeth9r ; nnd the majesty of man grasps the giant, and tbe simple tale is told : —' The thief is in safe keeping ; the purs*; an J watch are delivered up; and will be handed over when and where you please. Come on !' Tbe ecstacy of our countryman was now complete. He skipped about once more, having tbe whole platform for his playground, and the officials, one and all, as spectators. * Ho knew tbe apparition would have him ! He told tbem so ! He did ! be did !' And sure enough, it did. But where did the notion of the word come in ? A mighty thinker for loss of a word might have risked a life's reputation. Not so with Cousin Jack. He had one, unheard of before and he grasped it, though it was but the ghost of a word. We have recognised the adaptability of the man. Here we have a csnfigur ation of speech, which, I may very well style, an element in the reflective powers of the genuine Cornishmao. This is not a solitory example by any means, but many such are found here, there, and everywhere, scattered loosely trorn Nature's Mint. T.W.S. Tregaseal, St. Just, Dec., 1896. President Kmjer highl- ioc*osed at the charge ot tne Transvaal stirrn? up feeling in Cape Colony againtcthe Q<een. If firms would debit their goads a car tain per cent, for advertising expenses, they could then push far aod wide, and make themselves and their goods kaomn all ore the world. 