;\A SYDNEY MIRACLE. .-. ` INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. -w as ;= . ? ' o CAsm or Mu. THOMAs AZY IInO BASA THAT A PEW WEEKS , oO1U'` wAs QUPPLED_-PART.ALLY PAIUALYZED, SuBmEINGO FROM Loco' Moron ATAXIAI, At? HL?PLESS. t ±ý DcTO H- HOSPITAL AUTHORITIES, 'ANDiri arRaOen SAID ne aeUrS DIE Al ' ur"` S cas wras HOPELESS. BUT T?Ey WERs MISTAKEW. To.DAr HE IS . NSw MAN, ruLE, or LIE! AND EEROY? , n ;--BCRUTc?I ES l E HAS TaROWs s?~AAY HIS DEAD Lucis HAVE LIre, AMS PE; neAs BA S RETvRNPD, AND .I pAqF . 5? HAs A NEW LEASE or II~ OUT AND OUT. So Ao mch Interest bas been shown by our read. , sl ren this marvellous case that we have pub ed the facts again as they appeared th a... tralan W.rkan ab fiew weeks ago :- S? afteiroon our representaltive made his .wayto the home of -r. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown Lane, Ultimo. lie was discovered nor -sing atwo.year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He waslup and about and able Ito. answer the knolokatthe door; I-n' reply, to the prollalnary questIons, he said : " You want to know all ahout my case ? Well I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. ':. Thpcawt.may be of value to those who were stricken as I was." , " How long were you sulferig ?" .' Well, twelve moths ago I got so bad that .a hd to leave off work, and I hare done nothIng since then. About five years ago next Christ. mas,, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while takln a bath in Pitt.street, Syd. ney. Since the acmcdent I have been In failing health, and after four years of gradual develop. 'ment of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." "What wore the symptoms ?" ". Simply' Indescribable. The pains were bonietling terrible. They were just about as I much as could bear. They were for all the world like atiif a saw were cutting my bones In I two In every'part of me. I bad no control over my bowels or bladder, and was: r nuisance to myself and everyone else. 1 was incessantly shivering and sheakng, and could neither eat or sleop. On the 23rd March last I saw a well known doctor, Andh"e told me that my case was utterly hopeless. Howover ho gave me an order c to the Director of CharltabloatInsttutions." "Did you make use of tlo order .?" "No, I odme home and went to bed o and have been pretty well In bed ever since, /r. Ile weeks ego Icould not walk across the floor ; in fact I couldnot1get out of be Ildfolt then that itwas all overwith ne ?s?d only; a question of days whoa I would give up the ghost. My doctor d was attending me, and did all he could, by , opium and morphla pills to ease the agony I was in. I was under bi for five or six weeks. ie t came to the conolueson that I was suffering 1, from locomotor •taxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, character. is d by peculiar disturbances ol gait and dlm- tl tuly in co.brdlnating voluntary movements. 'Ie told me that Imight lost for ten years, anut that I might never get the noe e of my legs. (Just theu- the patient kicked his l:gs about b wlthenergy to shoWv that medical oplnion is not infallable.) ..Well, just as a drowning lnan will graspat straw, I. grasped at an Idea conveyed CE Gby the advrtisemeut describnlog the cure effceted at in thd casoof another boller.male r in a lngland, whiclh Iread in the Austrnlian Weorkman, by Dr. 1Yilliams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I m read in the advertisementot oanse which seemed bi to fit my own. I deterlaincd to give the Plinc Pills a trIalanyway. and seat for a box. The effect was as marvellouasasit.was magical. I vI was able to eat and aleep s though nothing was cc the matter with me.' It wot the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incred. at ibles. I immediately left the bed and was able In to move about I have'taken four boxes of Pink Pills durilng tlea past lour weeks, and am now taking the flfth box. I can walk about with the'ald of a stick, and am gradually but of surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. km You see those crutches here 1 They were made for me.before I got Dr. .Williams' Pink Pills, ar but I 'was too weakl to use them; and now I don't WI want them. All I wantls this stick, and I hope j soon to do withont It. You see I am rapidly regaining strength. " ." SHe is 100 per cent., better," said Mrs. Jarvis A who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "Dr. Williams Pink nPills have saved t his life, and made another man of him." re A. friend wh'cslled in at this point, saiold that Jarvls looked ten years younger that day than A he did a fortnight previously. "l can now" continued Jsrvis, "have a cold at bath, and all thie feeling has nome hack ln my tlegs. I keep on going the way I am, hope to able to renme work as a boiler-maker, be and yea know I have to he in the pink of health be and strength to work at that trade. I am bet ter to day than I have been at any time during the ?ast five year'. I ascribe all the change ye and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have savel my life. I am in no pain now, whatever C and feel like anew man. On the mastlepiece Ca there Is a box of opium and morphia Fills which the doctor gave me to doeaden the excruciating tb pain. But they can stay where they are,for no longer need them. Everybody who knows to me bas been amazed at thechange iu me. They m can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has cansed quite a sensation out here." Oa Sunch Is the romarlkable history, and confirms - what is said in all the chief newspapers of thIs o country of the antonishiong cures wrought by Dr. Williams'Pink Pile for Palo. People. They ai cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis and ei spinal disease, also the many disordors which of arise from an tmpoverished state of the blood anummia, pale and sallow complexion, general m muscolar weakness, indigestion, los1 of appetite tE shortness ofj breath, painslul in back, nervoos re headache, &c.; Those pillsare a tonic, not a purgative. They to are genuine only with full name, Dr. WillIams' E Pink Pills for Palo People, and sold by chun lste and storekeepers genesally, or tho Dr. Will. jams' Medicine CompaoyQuacn's Place,Sydney e will forwardon.roCelpt of stamps or poet order i one box for 2s Sd, or half.dozcn for llIs Id. 