. r :'b' ' - A Short Story by tbe Australian Authoress^ ADA 0 AMB III D G E. PiMi^dbytyecialarrangemmit with. ife*sr». WaTfi;' Jioelt Go'^ Jjtd. [AU. RIOBXS SESKKTSB.] CHi®TER UL . . Andtfcebldinanandthe old maidhad 110 lucfcutall.' On Prince of Wales' birth day it simply -rained In torrents from morningtillnight, without stoppingonee/ The flag pn the chnroh tower clung like a ■wrtdish^otb'to'tbe ekifE. from thelime it was runup -;at%bat.should hare been , sunrise—until it 4ros taken down at dusk. And «t dnsk the town crier went round ; withbis bellj andAnnounced that the dis-' play of fireworks was postponed to a future date. It would have been something to have a littlel-tea-party at the parsonage, -Without the fireworks Ariel the tower. But : ^t was too wet even for1 that. The old man j . %as depressed and dyspeptic, and the old i jjnaid went to bed atnirie o'clock and cried ! jiereelf to .sleep, though such oldfogiesj 'Were certainly old enough to have known ] -Shit at last it all came right. ; The town wes not to' be defrauded of its holiday,arid ^Tuesday, the 15th,was appointed, by a^jrertisement in th. looal papers, as the ftay when Bhops would close, sports he ^lebrated inthe public park, fireworks let -«*»ff and ctortddight procession- take place, fail as th^ wirald h&vje; done on the 9th had \- ^eather been favourablei And Tuesday : . £raa jiutaa perfectaday for the purpose: as the previens Wednesday had been the 'reverse. ■ '• ' Mr Paine sent a note to aunt before he had his breakfast."- • • " Ubik Mtbs Hansohe,— \- - ^J^^youtod-yqur youngpeople give us th e pleasure of ydur cotnpany to tea to night f ^The weather.does seem settled at : laat,*'«nditwiUfie pleasant bn the church tower, it you think you'can'manage the1 ssoenfcl amibld the fireworksareto be very fine. With our. united kindest re ' *• Tours very sincerely, ' "WrsiiAM Paine." ■; Aunt hastonedto return an answer—by j ■ Eve.as she went to school. «■ DUAB Mr. PAINE,— ■ . "■ - ffhiuik you-veiy mnch for your kind \- invitation.1 Tell -dear Anna that we shall be deligbtod to come. We are quite look d^forward to our little excursion. up the. ■ towiM,'especially insneh beautiful weather, l ehaB be'- ahle to get up.quite well, I am. -sure. I have always been fond of fire works, and itwillbe so riice to see rockets ] . go upSvitiiont cricking one's neck. *• Believe me, dear Mr Paine, moBt truly | yours, " ' The rwapienb .of this note spread it On the hreakfast-table beside his plate Of egg and^jAoou, upd read Itagain and again, as if ii were some eheiee bit of literature. "How would it he," he suggested difS : dently, "to aak one of Bve's schoolgirl friends? She is so much younger than The zest of us. • She might be dull without 'a companion of her own age to talk to." " A good idea/'. Baid Anna, graciously. " l will do'so. Then," she thought," there w31 be six-of lis. Esther looking after aunti and <Eve having another child to keep, her company, Alan and I will have a chance to talk over our affairs. And the labJavriUibe.balanced properly." She eet the tahle with her own hands at half-past iiye. _ There was u. nice cold fowl, \- and »'tongue, and a veal pie, and delicious cakes that she -bad made herself, and a salad, and a dish of strawberries, with cream. She was a sparmghouaekeeper, as a rule, so that Mr Paine, when he came out of his room from dressing, was surprised to see so handsome^, .repast, and his plea sore equalled his surprise. .. Aunt had not. had ameal in the honse for years, and he ' '.had been anxious lest Anna should think . lesB^ef wurt&'-bntertainriient than of the kB8jdr^^halilaea'dffood<inwarm weather. It was quite warm waather—full summer —mow, and aunt came at six.-o'clockj in the pretfaestnewcriipon gown, grey, with a \- puffy vest Of white silk, that gave quite a ■Style, kosharflittle figure. -She had iron grey hair, which-had once been black, and her thin; smallface was ivory-white j . but her eyes were dark and brilliant still, with something of the expression of Toby's— \- vtry sweet and earnest, if yon took the . toojpble to notice them. Her hair was drawn plainly back into! a knot of braids ' behind, as an old woman's hair should be; \- but she had pinned a red-rose into' the lace At her neofc^ffhich wasrin anachronism, a falae n ote,,to -Anna's mind.' " I thiak,.MisB jtonsome," said that prndentsyoung lady. '^yoii would have been brt|OT^tqBed toput o« an old gown to-niff^;^li^^Dwerds a dusty, cobwebby \- place, itnd;ybu will ''Bpoil that .pretty new . ®neu" ; " " ^ '* Oh,Ho," said aunt, carelessly,-patting heir bwr before the glass in the spare bed room. " It won't hurt." " Ton-had better let me lend yon an old oneof mine," ' Auntwpuldnothearof such a thing. She waa/like, poor father, who thought, nothing of . tearing a good cassock on a nail —'They went into the drawing-room, which was profusely decked with roses, and al ; most immediately 'into the dining-room, which was similarly adorned, several vases of th°r»»t»Siaiiigahr>iif: in the interstices of the welt-filled table. Alan, with a bud in his button-hole, sat by his hostess, and j aunt at Mr Paine'e right hand. The two: old folks beamed as tbeysettled themselves in their chairs -aud opened their napkins, but the four young ones were too occupied' / with their own interests to notice it. The' French windows stood wide to the ex quisite light and air, and on the verandah ^ -J'oby lay at full length on his stomach, with his nose between his paws, keeping :an eye cocked upward in the direction of i&unfe; face. Now and then she threw him a confidential smile, .which set , his fringed dail thumping vigorously.^ host, breaking off a little story of a quarrel in the ebnir^-Bunt was so sympathetic and nnderstuddinghbout these things—to note the condition of her liver wing. " Oh, I am»getting on beautifully! It is a delicious fowl—I am enjoying it so much," she assured him; and urged him on with his absorbing narrative. But the fact was she had the very least sore throat, which somehow seemed to have taken away her appetite. No one, of course, was allowed to suspect this. ' « so 1 went to the girl, and told her .r Bnre jEbb Iiomax had not intended toiiuJt her,and begged her to take the oolo there was no .one else able to .10, BU1M> o +allrwith Miss Iiomax sing it jfMi(irf-hadA.itolk."with Miss Lomax .to fry aM pemuade evnlam. Bnt -.they would' neither >vJ!h said she would never come into the .choir again while the other belonged to it. .So they are both staying fiiwaj—which means that we have not a reliable sopra.no 2 all. The others will not open flaw months without someone to 1^™ ' and Anna cannot do everything. . «It is too bad," said aunt warmly. thaS you should be worried with those petty squabbles, when yon have so much else, so many more important things to tbmkof. It is a pity I am not a young girl, with a good treble voice." o Tf « Yes—no, no, 1 don't mean yes. " wonld be a pity if yon were anytlnng but just what yon are. Do let me tatey rio.to and give yon some pie- Some straw berries, then ? Anna, Mise Bansomee pardon, Miss Bansome," said Anna, with a start. She <was f>orgelfc ting her duties for the moment in a eemir private discussion with Alan on fee grea subject of individual responsibility. J-he pair of schoolgirls were chattering across fee table about the affairs of tbeirBcbool, their approaching examinations, the hou days, the matric.,nnd so on. It was a most successful tea-party. ,f After tea, it being still broad daylight, the children sat down to a game of addleaiy-mnks,to pass the time ^tdit was dark enough for the .fireworks. Tiddledy-winks looks a silly game to those who do not play it. hut to those who do it becomes strangely fascinating; so that even after the lamps were ligbted itwM difficult to make these players leave off. took Alan for a stroU round the garden, but before she did so gave proper heed to the question of what was to be a°« |;Ahin^father," she said," that Miss Bahsome ought not to go up the tower in the dark, for the first time. If takeherhow, wluleitisstfildayligbt^and make her 'go gently and take plenty of time/she would not be nearly eo nervous. Al—Mr Bansome -would see after us. _ "That is a good idea," cried Mr Earne. " Come, M3sb Bansome, we will lead the expedition. What wraps have you ? Aunt's little mantle was fetched, and declared to be inadequate. Mr Paine in sisted on an old furred jacket and woollen hoodj-provided by his daughter. . It will be chilly up there, though it is so mild now." he said, " and you must be careful of that delicate chest. Put on all the warmth yon can carry, Miss Bansome. Be on the safe side." " Perhaps I had better*," she said, sub mitting meekly to Anna's resolute hands. ■ "I seem to have just a little touch of cold hanging about me from the damp weather. " If 1 had known that," said Alan menac ingly, "I wouldn't have allowed you to come.. I've a great mind to forbid your -'going up* , . ft Dear boy, it is nothing," she answered i ina panic, and hastened out before he could j "say more, Alan was going to be a doctor, and was beginning to practise on hiB aunt.; Slie thought it so sweet of him to take! bach care of her, and to give her pills and! potions when she was not well; but to night she preferred to be taken care cf by Mr Paine. Luckily, Alan desired her room at that moment, and not her com pasy 5 so he let her go. ... HappineBS is not the prerogative ot youth, whatever the young may think. Those two old fogies, left to their own devjces for three-quarters of an hour, were perhaps as happy as they had ever been in their lives. When they had shut them eelves inbo the vestry, and shut out the dutiful children who loved to keep them in order,they felt young themselves; and, though' they treated each other , with a delicate respect that is somewhat out of date, the same light was in their eyes, the same glow in their hearts, as had been kindled in those of the girl and hoy now walking round-the garden. . " " This is my new chalice-veil," said the parson eagerly, "that 1 got. out from London last mail. I have been wanting to show it to you. Is not the work perfect? And here's the illustrated catalogue—I want you to hell me which of these altar cloths you like best. I must manage some how to get a hew one before next Easter, and * have such faith in your taste ; 1am always wishing for you to consult with and decide for me. Ah; it is too dark to see properly; Put it in your pocket and look at it when yon are by yourself at home." _ ThiB was the sort of thing they talked about. Trumpery, doubtless, to people who are not old fogies, but heart-satisfy ing to them. ■ j.1. ' The dusk was gathering fast when they, passed down the church to.the front porch and the ladders, and Mr Paine began to he anxious about auntV nerves, and she anxious to . show him how intrepid (under certain circumstances) she could, be. He reproached himself for not ^ having rigged up certain appliances to*, make the ascent easier, and she skipped J .up the'trembling--rungs while he -was;, talking about it, so that his heart came, into his- mouth. jAnna would have fejwq ■ scaBdalisedtoseejanpldlady so conduj&tog; herself bad-she been there. ■ s . -.They reached fee top safely, but4lowly. The rapid -twilight had become .night by fee time they emerged upon fee roof, and when aunt was led to fee battlement para pet to look out upon fee" view'tor the first .time, she cried, ""Oh—h-rh—hi" rapture. _ ._ It was indeed a beauKMl picture, well worth the waiting for., There was no rain or mist to Bpoil it now//The sky was clear of cloud, full of its opn deep Australian night color, and tWk with stars. Like waves along the Jiqrizon rolled the forest covered ranges, a& distinct in the trans parent air; shaSiws of velvet, with here and there a hiXse-light, like a diamond twinkling out# them. The town beneath lay suffnsedAh Bembrandtash glows from " lamps, seeirfhnd unseen, and red torches beginningifo flare under the new-leafed Englife tjPfeea. The atmosphere was pure and fine an intoxicating degree, for no factory■ "Ahimney, no coal smoke, no mud, no dm, no anything that was unclean, defile# it; it was the atmosphere of the hillgand of an-early summer night washed in plenteous spring rains and perfumed with fee wholesome breath of gum trees And flowers. In short,perfect; Aunt sighed a loSg sigh once or twice in : silence.. When she spoke there were tears in her voice. "This makes one feel," she said—and stopped, unable to express herself. " Yes," said her companion, softly. The torches were all lit, and glowed redly down the street like an invisible | i house burning. Out of the glare the I ctock-tewer of the post-office rose, pallid and unsubstantial, into the upper dark-j ness, like something in a lime- lighted j transformation scene. Little foreshortened figures, mere ants upon the ground, were 'moving hither and thither—members of the fire-brigade, in their smart uniforms, A lie mC'MllgouCf 1U arranging the torchlight procession. , • "I must call -the children," sai said Mr 'Paine. Tie went to the trap-door and listened; ribeu he went to the parapet overlooking ♦tin own house and grounds, and. signalled wWh a gentle " cpoee " over the tree-tops. Presently the young ones, heralded by the lantern, which was extinguished as sooa >as possible, came scrambling up, laughilfe and calling to one another; and as theDfct one—Eve—put her head out of the hole!,, whish—sh—sh—the first rocket shot into phe sky, hurst with a little hollow noise likeV bursting pea-pod, and rained down its enchanting stars. " Those roi^kets," said Eve to her com panion, " costlflve shillings apiece." "I think it/a wicked waste of money," said Anna. » _ In these baiV times, too, said Alan, OlUaVUOUlvwuj» \ Bit aunt whispdred to the grey man beside her, that she simply loved to look at them; and he said, so-did he. The procession was formed, and began its march round the streets, to the stirring music of fee town band: They could not see it for a long time, bat saw where it was bv the illumination of the trees above it as it passed. Every now and then it emitted a spray of little rockets, that died upon tht roofs and roads, and, like great chords in a merry tune, another and another of those soaring big ones, which would -have beckoned the souls of spectators like aunt to the infinities they seemed to pierce if Eve had not persisted instating how much they cost. At last it came flaring and clanging into the street beside the church, along by the tree-walled church garden, and ronnd the corner, and past the.gate:' and just in front of the tower it halted; spread, re-formed, and lit itself up in the most amazing blood-red flame—a wizard light, celestial or infernal, anything bat earthly, transfiguring the world, " just as if Biela's comet had run into us," Eve Bansome said. The grey-white granite'of the tower wall blushed crimson as a rose, and the faces on the top of it were the faces of angels or ghosts. The church trees glittered, leaf by leaf, like the jewelled trees of fairyland. " I would not," said aunt, in a low tone of rapture, "have missed this for any thing! " " I am so glad," said Mr Paine, earnestly, " so devotedly glad that it is a fine night. I did so want you to enjoy it." Then the red light died out, and the cool, clear, blue darkness came back, with all the qniet hills lying ont in it. The procession marched back into the town, with its Liliputian rabble after it, and worked its magic in other streets. Pour j more great rockets—another pound, as somebody remarked—leaped, hissing, into the empyrean, and dropped each its hand ful of colored stars in space. Then all was still, the chnrch tower was left alone, and the night suddenly began to feel cold. " It's over," said Eve, jumping np from where she lay on the flat of her back along the sloping leads. " Polly, let's go down and have another game of tiddledy-winks." 