PITH '' A Lyne . has length and breadtli,' euclid revised. Sydney Smith is not ' a Minister (or Minds.' Mr. O'SulIiyan's votes gives the ^.wuiuiy luure sniueiy man ever. Mr McMillan is the most Interrup ted speaker in the House. Nearly all the noise comes from the labor quarter apd thje front Ittinisterial liench. I jfearly every distinguished nnnie in the colony is mentioned, of course with out foundation, in connection with im pending divorce actions. Several blackmailers are again at the devilish business in Sydney. Glad stone was once accosted by.ono of this, tribe. Tbat was in his young days. Awaiting his opportunity Gladstone pitched tbe scoundrel into a mud pond and a ditty and deserving death was narrowly averted. The ' Australian Star' is the only Sydney daily which did not dispatch a representative to the Melbourne Cup, ' The Star' Dews is now mostly gathere4 | uy uuy reporters, ioe senior ana ex perienced hands are being turned adrift This happens when a merchant in the China and Japan trade controls the directorate. Tbe Sraddon Government defeated on a censure motion declines to resign on the ground that the time is not ripe in Tasmania for a general election. ^.na yet tnere is supposed to be re sponsible Government in the fruity Island. Mr Reid is introducing a Stamp Duties Act Amendment Bill. He will not stump the country yet, lie will merely stamp it. Mr E. P. Feild the street preacher who gave up a big practice at the Bar rather than give up his enthusiasm for an open air exposition of the gospel, has left Sydney for London where lie will resume his mission and represent an Australian Insurance Society. Christian Sydney with a law busi ness carefully boycotted barrister Field when be took to mid-day pre&phiqg.; Pious managers of deeply religious firms always instructed that Mr Field should not bold a brief in any cases in which such firms were concerned. People who are christians and not liti gants will fail to understand such cruel {treatment of a very able member of the £&F-; By the way, Mr Field was the only barrister in this colony who did not {ear the frown or the brutal bench be havior of the late Judge Windeyer. Every body spoke in high estimation of Mr Field's pluck and ability at the time and he made his mark at 'once. Devotion to what he conccived to be his duty, however, _ entirely des troyed his splendid practice. Mr Field ?will apply for admission to the English Baf directly lie reaches London. Per haps he will succeed in London where there is not so great a proportion of «U)t as there is in Sydney. Fancy reading this telegram in these days of responsible Government. Headers will, of course, remember that the .Tasmanian Government was de feated the other day : — Sir Edward Braddon, Premier, announced that he had been in consultation with his colleagues all day and had decided that the present was not an opportune time for resigning. Ministers would there fore continue to carry on the business of tbe country.' After this the Brad don Cabinet will swallow anything. Mr Lyne made a distinct tactical blunder when he got ahead of the labor party with a motion of censure over Lucknow. Had Mr Sleatli moved the adjournment of the House over the subject, the Opposition could have forced on a division and then the country could have seen how much the labor party are in earnest The soli darities and tbe Government were in an awkward position until Mr I^yne extricated them. - MrMcMillan U just now in opposi tion to the Government. What is the reason of Mr McMillan's sudden change pf front ? Can it be that he is chagrined for being passed over for the Agent Generalship? The member for Bur wood who is a sort of lone fisherman in the House may yet be provided for with tbe speakership, that is shonld Sir Joseph Abbott succeed Sir Saul Samuel. The ' Sydney Morning Herald' seems to have turned on the Govern ment. The old lady of Hunter street has been very caustic in her criticism pf the Cabinet of late. The ?' Daily Telegraph,' however, ia still faithful to Jklr Reed. In a fen months, balf-a-million Amrri E^ill be on their .ay to ? lie Klondyke . The retreat from Moscow iy oleop's arm ¥ 'ill be the only incident comparable frith tl-e rijjaetrpus ru.h to (he , Yukon goldfields What pen will be able to describe the horrors of tbe impending hoiocan.L ? Th. 'Daily Telegraph ' publishes a leader on 'The Future of phos's'* and ia evidently very anxious' about thia section pf it* subscribers. Ghosts geneia'ly have been able to take care of 'hemtie ves. The problem is the future of t^iofe «ho declare they see them. There should be anxiety pn tbat score. It ia eBid the Civil Servants will vole ?o'idly against the Government at the next general election. Thia ia a itiiitalce. These srlio were retired --r reduced may, but the army enjoying an increase and a more as sured tenure regard the scheme of Civil Service Reform as tha moat brilliant bit of business of the century. Certainly no other pieoe ol legislation so directly and delightfully benefitted tbedk. They regard the Board as the embodiment of every virtue whioh is vary natural aud human.: Under the eireumBtanues the majority of] tbe Civil .Servants will vote solidly fpr thai Government whioh so peculiarly served mm. Tbe Nay ptrB Faoe Powdeb.^- Whioh has been introduced iu the Australian colonies is oausiog $p small aroonnt of excitement among.t4he ladies of Sydney and vicinity. The manufacturers warrant that it renders the skin soft and smooth aud restores it ia springtime naturalness and removes blotches, freeklee and other blemishes. Judlifl. frant tha numhar of r testimonials and large orders they are getting, we take it for granted tbat what they say is true aud we repommeod it to our ladies. The Baxter Manufacturing Coy 62 Queensland Offices Bridge Street Sydney, who manufacture the new Life r ace rowaer are aiaon^anuiapturiuj agents for the Centennial Insect Powder which ia certain death to oockroaohea, fleas, bed] bugs, ants, moiquitos and other undat able vermin. We congratulate ourselves that we will fcratch less and sleep more this summer than ia past summers. Both ihe new Life face powder and Centennial Insect powder can be hftd by all Chemists, urocers ana Qioreseepers, it is supplied to the trade by the wholesale Druggists and Grocers. The dangerous results of RtipTtjpE war rant speedy and immediate attention. An invention rl at gives positive relief is a great boon, and if in audition it brings about a cure, it can be coanted a gift from heaven, i he British Scientific Truss Co. have much p easnre in bringing nnder tbe notice of thp afflicted a blessing in the form of their scientific truss. This wonderful appliance, the result of many years practical 'nd per. eonal experience gives immediate relief. It differs entirely from anythiug ever in vented, minimising the danger and incon. venienpe of the most severe cases of rupture ! being so constructed that it brings pl)p needel pressure on the parts affected with out; producing the. slightest pain or inconr | venience, whilst ejfectiqg a carj. yriU \- be found the most comfortable invention of the age being beautituily doft and can be worn with comfort, enabling the wearer to follow apy calling. Cases at a distance can be safely treated. Write or call for particulars. The British Scientific Trust Co., Strand Arcade, Sydrey, Pitt-street un trance. 