NEW ANGLICAN CHURCH NORTH ROCKHAMPTON. DEDICATION SERVICE. On the crest of a hQl facing Mosgrave street. North Rockbampton — or what is more co cq m only called the Yaamba Road ? stands the newly-built Anglican Church. Anyone puwing r.hjn spot twelve months ago would have seen only numerous prickly pear bushes and thick scrub. But during the year a great change was made. The Anglican Church . authorities bought an acre of ground aa (a site for a church, and prickly pear bushes and the small shrubs. The collections in aid of the fund for building the church were commenced in Easier* 1895, and tbe response was far above expectations, subscriptions coming in freely. Hundreds of dray loads of prickly pear and superfluous greenery were removed from the site to have it in readiness for the Governor to lay the foundation stone of the church while on his visit to Rockhampton. The arrangements were well carried out, and on the afternoon of the 3rd of June, 1896, His Excellency Lord remington, declared the foundation stone of St. Barnabaa's Church, North Rockhampton, to be well and truly laid. Some feu months were then allowed to elapse daring which further contributions were received from different sources, and it was not until October that the real work of building the church was begun. The church is now almost complete, one addition yet required being the pulpit, while there are sundry other matters needing attention. The architect was Mr. A. M. Hntton, and the contractors Messrs. R. Cousins and Co. The building is erected in the Gothic style of architecture, and is 64 ft. long by 28 ft. wide. It ia built of pine with hardwood studs, and a galvanised iron roof covers the structure. jThe church, how ever, is not cftiiAd or lined in any way and the exceptional heat of yesterday, when it was dedicated for public service, made it almost unbearable at the morning service. The building stands back a short distance from the road and has two entrances, with a porch at each. Inside the church, between the two porches, stands, the baptistry. The font rests on- the foundation laid by the Governor and tbe whole of the stonework connected with it was the gift of Mr. G. Sanderson, StanwelL It may be mentioned that Mr. Sanderson was the bolder of St. Paul's Church, Rockhamp ton, and although it is of considerable dimensions Mr. Sanderson put every stone in place himself and on finding that it suited, he allowed his woikmen to fix it permanently. To resume, St Barnabas's Church looks neat inside and presents a picturesque appearance from the exterior, the tew scattered brigalow trees in the front tending to improve its appearance. The most important gift to the church is the communion table, presented by Archdeacon Lester. It is constructed of cedar, and was built by Mr. D. Sutherland, Longreach. Each panel has been neatly carved. The centre panel is in the shape of a Maltese cross, which is thrown into relief by the rich terra cotta brocade set in at the back. Old gold brocade adorns the wall above the communion table, wbile on each side peacock blue cloth is hung. The chancel is on a raised platform which has to be ascended by several low steps. The lectern from which the lessons are read stands to the left while looking towards the altar. This serves the place of the pulpit at present, but when that necessary addition is supplied the lectern will be removed to the opposite side. Still looking forward, the organ is eeen in a recess on the left-hand side, while the vestry adjoins it. The organ ia one of Estey's aud cost seventy-eight guineas. Four Rochester limps are suspended to the cross bars at equal distances, and are said to Kive an excellent light. The clock on the wall u the gift of Mr. W. G. J. Edgar while the hell hung iu the church grounds was presented by Mr. S. P. Julius, Ute of ^ un- well, aad a brother of the vicar of Lhe church. The bell was cast in Rockhampton by Messrs. Sidney Williams and Co., and while it was being tolled at the morniug service it aeeir.ed to greatly i merest the groups of Is landers who were standing rouud. The coat of tbe building was £-'S4, and the seals which are made of pine added another £38. The land is already the pro perty of the clinrcb authorities, and there is only a very small sum owing on the building. The Building Committee who superintended the erection of the church were the Rev. A. H. Julias (Vicar of St. Barnabas fl Church), the Rev. A. N. Garret* (Curate of St. Barnabas'a Church), and the Parochial Council, consisting of Messrs. J. Stephenson (chnrch warden), W. P. Foley and W. Phillips (lay readers), R. Thomas, E. S. Lucas, J. F. Davis, aud R. W. Jones. These gentlemen are to be congratulated on so suc cessfully completing this work. DEDICATION SERVICE. As alieady stated, ths dedication services in connection with the opening of the church took place on Sunday, when there was a large congregation present. At eight o'clock there was a celebration of Holy Communion conducted by the Rev. A. H. Julius and the Rev. A. N. Garrett. At eleven o'clock tbe dedication service took place. Tbe service was conducted by Archdeacon Lester (Long reach), assisted by the Rev. Messrs. A. H. Julius, A. N. Garrett, and R. A. Bryant (Emerald). Canon Richards (Vicar of St. Paul's Church) read the lesson. Archdeacon Lester preached. He said : — We meet together to-day, my friends, to dedicate to God this chnrch as a building specially reserved for His worship. More than this we set apart this church dot merely for the worship of God in general, but for the worship of God according to tbe rites and ceremonies of the Chnrch of England. We connect this dedication- with the name of St. Barnabas the apostle of consolation and ex hortation. It seems to me fitting that on such an occasion we should for a few momenta consider what we mean by the Church of England whose loyal sons we are ; and at tbe same time remind ourselves of that great system of worship by which oar mother chnrch has for so many centuries ministered consolation, and sent forth exhortation to her spiritual riijltflppii. This morning then we will shortly review our position as members of the Chnrch of England1. This evening we will more particularly remind ourselves of the well ordered series of the means of qrace pro vided for onr nse and edification by oar church. In tbe first place then what do we mean by a church ? The widest meaning of the word would, I suppose, include the words of St. Pant 'AH that in any place call upon Jesus Christ our Lord, both theirs and ours.' Again we may nse the word to denote that great and holy church invisible, which in Holy Scripture is called the mystical body of Christ, of which all baptised persons in virtue of tbeir baptism, are members, though many fall short of their high calling and forfeit their place and pirvilege. It is of this invisible church that the great Hooker says 'concern- ing this flock it is that our Lord and Saviour hath promised I give unto them eternal life, and they shall never periab, neither shall any pluck them out of my hand. They wbo are of this society have such marks aud notes of distinction from all others, aa are not perceptible to our sense, only onto God Who seeth their hearts and nnderstandeth all their thoughts and cogitations, unto Bim are they clear and manifest.' It is of this invisible church that we read in the Bible Buch glorious word's aa these : — ' Ye are come unto Mount Zion and unto the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusalem, and to the innumerable company of angels, to tbe general assembly and chnrch of the firstborn, which are written in heaven and to God, the Judge of all.' Again of this invisible church in her future triumph St. John says, ' L John, saw the holy city, the New Jerusalem, coming down from God oat of heaven, pre pared as a bride adorned for her husband.' we are, however, this morning concerned with the visible church which from tbe beginning of the history of Christianity, has been tbe means in God'd hand, of uniting in an organised body the many million, good, bad, and indifferent, to whom by the preaching of the cross and the ministry of the sacraments, a chance has been offered of proving them selves in the sight of God worthy members of the body of Christ. \Ve find then, even in the earliest days, an organised body known to all men as the church, with a common faith a common Lord, a common baptism oue ayeteniof worship, two divinely appointed sacraments, ?'ne f°rm of government, by bishops, priests aDd deacons. These points of resemblance were sufficient to secure the outward unity of lhe church in an age, when such an outward unity was essential to iu well-being. It is important to remember, however, rhat from the earliest time*, even in the days of the npnstl**s, there were differences important though not vital, iu the practice of ihe buvcrul local churebea. Tbe idea of tLe visible church in the early days of Cliristianity was that of a number of inde pendent local churches bound together by the bond of a common faith, a common mode of government and common sacra meats; bat differing in their customs, tbeir forms of public prayer, and their rimes of observing certain great festivals. In the New Testament we find mention of many such local chinches, the churches of Jerusalem, Corinth, Babylon, Ephesns, Smyrna, Pergamos, Thyatira, Sardis, and Philadelphia.— As the number of Cnristrians increased these local churches are spoken of in groups. We read, for instance, in the Acts of the churches in Asia Minor, and in the Epistles of the chinches of Galatia and Mace donia. St. Paul in the 2nd Epistle te the Corinthians addresses himBelf to tbe church of God in Corinth with 'all the saints in tbe whole province of Achaia.' From tbe first the bishop was the centre of unity for tbe local church. As tbe senior of the body of presbyters iu one diocese be regulated the concerns of all Christian people in that diocese. Soon, however, it became necessary to provide for the right ruling tbe church in districts too large to be included in one diocese ; and following the example of the Roman civil government, the bishops of different dioceses grouped their dioceses into provinces and finally in patriar chates. The patriarchates were originally independent and of equal dignity, but the changes in the outside world which made Rome, and afterwards Constantinople, the centre of political interest and commercial activity, gave to these sees a preponderating infinence in the affairs of the church at large. It was from this patriarchal power and dignity that the pretentious of the Roman Bee first sprung. Up to the year 600 A.D. there was no claim made and sustained for the Roman see, beyond what could justly be made for it as the senior aDd most im portant patriarchate of the Christian world. Indeed l'ope Gregory between the years 590 and 604 says with regard to the claim of the BishoD of Rome to be rell*^ Sru&eaaus; Epucopontm or universal Bishop, which was then under discussion, ' Who is the m&Jl; who, in opposition to tbe decrees of the canons, ventures to assume this novel designa tion ? . Far from the hearts of Christians be that name of blasphemy, wherfiby tbe honour of all priests is taken away, whilst one man madly arrogates it to himself.' Pope Boni face however, his successor, was of a different micd and from this time forward we find the. Papal power steadily increasing. The spread of* the Papal power was due to three main wiiwm ; —First. The great rival patriarchates of the East, Antiocb, Alexandria, and Constanti nople, were at this time and for years after at tbe mercy of the followers of Mobamed. Second, the political and religious world of Europe cried out for some centre of unity, powerful enough to be a court of appeal against the lawless governments of the age. Third, two spnrious sets of documents, the Donation of Constantine and the Decretals of Isidore, had at that time credit which has long since been denied them, even by the stoutest champions of Rome. For some 800. yean the Western part of Christendom was' subject to the Roman see; but not without protest. The national cbarches of Europe, even though conquered, withstood her power. Our own church, the Church of England, was one of the most stubborn and and was in the end the most successful of those national churches which resisted the Papal power. In the beginning it was from the national church of France that our country was evangelised. The church which sprang from tbe efforts of the Gallican mis sionaries was a strong and zealous church, with its ardent missionaries, wbo spread the knowledge of the Gospel as far even as the wild places of Switzerland. It had too its faithful band of martyrs headed by the Roman soldier St. Albar. While loyal to its mother chnrcb in France, it preserved its independence in discipline aud practice as a national church. So important was this British church that we read of three bishops who in the year 314 were sent to attend the council iu Aries, in France, aud about & hundred years later when the heresy of Pelagius made it advisable to get fresh and authoritative teachers, it was to France and and not to Rome that the BritUI] church ap pealed. Hut in lime the Bri'ous fell on evil days, and Ihe country was gradually buhdued by the Anglo-Saxon tribes, who ut tliat lime were heathen. The Riiiish church rclreale 1 before the comjuerrrs cu,i fl.mrisl.cd ouly iu the more rcino e |iarta uf U,e British Ibles. The barons acre iu their turn converted to Christianity l,y a l,,uij of missionaries sent ftoin Rome urnlei Augusiiue. For some years the ancient British church held fast to her independence but in time she was forced to amalgamate with the church of the Saxon* as far at least as England was concerned. From this time to the lime of the Reforma tion church history shows us a national cuurcn, suDject to Rome but never wanting champions of her national independence We cannot assert that the opposition to the claims of Rome was always disinterested, nor can we prove that it was ever for any long period successful, but we are quite within the limits of strict truth when we state that there was no time in the history of England when there was no voice, either clerical or lay, raised against the attempt of a foreign bishop to regulate the affairs of our national church. \ e are all familiar with the history of the leformation. when this resistance came to a lead ; and when the Church of England once or all repudiated not only the rule of Rome, I- V*i 'I M tbe -aTora '- fttith 'd doctrine which had from time to time been forced upon an unwilling people by a power which was at that time irresistible. The church retaining ins character as a national church, admitting no break in iu descent from the inrer churches of the first ages of Ohris tumity, treasuring as a priceless heritage its threefold ministry, iu divinely appointed sacraments, its three primive Catholic creeds, restored the faith and practice of her sons to hhST'T siraPlicity of »?«-* 't had been ? Kd by '' corruptions of the dark ages. Andhere, perhaps, we. may briefly noticetbe controversy on the validity of Anglican orders which has been for a moment revived by the recent Ball of Pope Leo Xllf. That our official ministry is unbroken in its descent from the time of the apostles no one now denies. For many years the story known as the ' Nag's Head Fable ' has been given up by all the leading Roman authorities; but tbat this official descent has been of such a nature as to secure to the Anglican ministry the powers and privileges which attath to the Boman priesthood is denied emphatically by all Boman authorities since the last Ball of the present Pope. Now, although we do not recognise the right of any foreign bishop to pronounce with authority on a question which is only to be solved by unbiassed judgment of trained historians, we cannot be sorry for this pronouncement, because it only denies to the church of England what- since the Reformation she has never claimed. By denying the validity of Aglican orders the Pope denies to our priesthood First tbe power by which the priest in virtue of his office is alleged to be able to work a miracle in every sacramental act which he performs ; second, tbat power (which he has in virtue of his mission from the Pope) of binding and loosing and of regulating the system of penance by which certain of die penalties of tiu are alleged to be remitted or alleviated. These things the church of England no where claims for her priests. What she does claim and what no man can deny her is a threefold mini t try which history proves to have been unbroken in its descent from the apostles, a scriptural doctrine freed from the which depend for their efficacy on the use of the words with which our Lord instituted them, the doe authority which her ministers bear, and the faith which enables the receiver to apply their graces to his own soul. These three things, doctrine, sacrament, and orders, have been hers «ver since the first British bishop ruled his half savage flock ; the Reformation restored them to as in their primitive and apostolic form, and they are oars to treasure and to use to-day. Since the Reformation the history of our church has been the history of an edacation. At the time of the Reformation many mistakes were made ; much good work was left undone or unfinished ; the church in her new liberty was tempted, at one time, to sloth and care 'lessness, at another to pride and bigotry ; but through the mercy of God she .bad educators. From time to time earnest men feeling deeply some glaring deficiency in her practice or some obvious inadequacy in her methods, with too great haste despairing of her broke formed the many sects which now so greatly complicate the problem of the reunion of Christendom. While we without reserve admit the faults of the mother chnrch which led to these unhappy divisions, we cannot help feeling bow different might have been the aspect, of Protestant Christendom if the leaders of the dissenting bodies had been of the mind of the saintly Wesley brothers, who strove with all their might against the deficiencies of their mother church, and yet remained her devoted and loyal eons. How much pain, heart-burning, and loss of force might have been spared to the Christian world if the Wesleyans alone had been loyal to tbe solemnly expressed wishes of their founder ; who at the em& of his long life said, '1 declare once more that I live and die & member of the Church of England, and none tbat regard my judgment or advice wQl ever Beporate from it.' Bat although we call these divisions unhappy divisions and rightly so ; yet we cannot fail to see that it is from them that in a great measure that the church bas learnt to bring out of her treasure many things important to the wellbeing of her children which had remained hidden in the times of her subjection to a foreign power, and of her acceptance of a corrupt teaching. That the church possesses everything necessary for the well-being of a Christian man we implicitly believe, but we also very clearly Bee that it is opposition and persecution that teaches her the resources ehe is intrusted with and the beat way of bringing them into active n=e. Even at the present moment the rapid advances of free inquiry is teaching tbe church that if she would not be found faith less to her high calling she muat in her Master's name apply her message and adapt her methods* to the great problems, social, economical, and critical, which engage the beat thoughts of her best . eons. The age in which we live is an age of quick development and wide expansion, and the church, has not been alow to recognise this ; «t no former time has her hold on the trea sures committed to her charge been so strong, her sense of her responsibility bo great ; she has shown to all who have eyes to see that she is determined to preserve her great Catholic heritage against all assaults, from within or from without ; bat at the eame time she ib prepared to bring the light of the incarnation to bear on the vexed and burning questions of the day, and she has no fear bat that the old message with which she is entrusted will furnish in God's time an answer to even the newest of modern diffi culties. And now, my friends, you would perhaps ask why on so important au occasion as this I have taken up your time by giving you what is merely a ahort and imperfect sketch of the Church of England. £ have done so for this reason :— I believe it to be a most important thin* at tbe opening of a new church to realise that the building of a church is not merely a parochial triumph. Tbat your parish is to be sincerely congratulated on the energy and devotion which have built thie church I Ehould be tha first to admit, and tbat the parishioners of North Rocfchampton will be for tbe most part those who will nee it is a self-evident fact; bat in opening this church we thank God for fax more than the fact that you will henceforth worship God more at your ease and in a more seemly and decent manner. We thank God for having enabled us to throw cut a new outpost from our mother church ; to add another to thefee outward and visible evidences of the loyalty of the sons of the chnrch of England which give the lie to all who assert that she is a dead, or at any rate a Bleeping church. It is not only the magnificent cathedrals of every English- speaking land that witness to the vitality of that reverence which deminds that God should be worshipped in a boose worthy of His name. A church like this, built solely for the honour of God, destined as we hope and pray to be the centre of a good work which wfll honour Him more than the finest building in the world a church like this— has a voice more emphatic in its way, than that of the churches of more ancient land, to proclaim that the sons of the Church of England still love to honour their God after tbe manner and according to the customs of their forefathers. Surely, my friends, this day ought not to pass by without being witness to many renewals of loyalty on the part of those who are wor shippers in this church. Resolutions, not of the ineffectual kind, which are well said to pave the road to hell ; but strong steady resolutions such as men make when they realise afresh the bearings of a serious, weighty fact upon tbe conduct of their lives. It is a fact tbat most of us here are children of the Church of England ; it is also a fact that for her liberty and for the purity of her faith and practice oar -fathers did not grudge their happiness, their fortunes, and it may be their lives. If any man ib convinced that the chnrch of his baptism has forfeited all claim on his allegiance I have nothing to say to him either of blame or otherwise ; bat this serions, well-considered withdrawal from the responsi bilities of an Anglican can be the fate of but few. Others, all that is to say who are non assembled to open this church, cannot refuse to acknowledge their responsibility. They are sons of a great historic chnrch ; they -must be either loyal or disloyal to her ; there is no middle way ; if they are not working for her— giving op something for her, they moat bear the blame of disloyalty. No amount of personal piety, no amount of con gregational zeal can hide the fact that they are not doing as they ought to do, as their fathers have done, and as countless numbers of her sons will in the future delisht to do. One of the highest and noblest sentiments in human nature is the feeling honour which bids a. man be loyal at all costs to that from which he has received great benefits. The most careless man acknowledges that in gratitude is one of the worst of crimes. Ordinary care for our fellow men demands that we should hand on to our children those blessings which have been potent for good in our own lives. Surely then I need say no more to make you realise that want of loyalty to your mother chnrch is not only a sin but a cause for shame. To be a churchman and not a loyal churchman, Beems to me to be foolish as well as dishonorable Let ns then determine tbat this new church ehall be a centre from which shall radiate all that is best in tbe life of the Church of England. Here we wQl dedicate onrselve and our life to God ; 'here we. will get refreshment and hope when the struggle becomes fierce and our strength fails ; here we will faithfully keep and hand on to the others those sacred truths and priceless privileges for which our fathers and by which they lived and died. And may God Almighty, the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit be with ns in all our work and worship, and may He abundantly prosper the work of our hands upon us both now and ever more ? Archdeacon Lesteb then pronounced the dedication in these words : — ' Here let true faith, the fear of God, and brotherly love ever remain ; this place is dedicated to prayer and to the praise of the most holy name of Our Lord Jesus Christ. I declare this Church of St Barnabas to be now dedicated to the service of God, in tbe name of tbe Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' A communion service followed, and it was weU attended. The Rev. %. N Garret t conducted a children's service at three o'clock, when Canon Richards delivered an addrew. At four o'clock a Pacific Islanders' service was held, conducted by the Rev. A. H. Julius, the bymua and service being tendered in the Mota language. At half-past seven evensong was conducted by Rev. A. H. Julius. Arch deacon Lester preached on ' The Kxplanation of the Church's Worship,' Tbe lessons were read by the Rev. F. J. Abe and the Rev. R. A. Bryant. Mr. F. T. Jack man acted as organist aL all of the services, while Mr. W. Phillips was the choirmaster. Messrs. Foley and Phillips, the licensed lay readers, wore their robes of office. The offertories for the day amounted to £9 4b. 6d. A few remarks about the progress of the Anglican Chnrch at North Rockhampton may not be out of place. The Rev. A. C. Yorke was tbe first Anglican clergyman set apart for North Rockhampton, his appoint ment being made in 1884- For twelve months Mr. Yorke conducted the services in tbe house now occupied by the Rev. A. H. Julius as a private residence, adjoining tbe present church. In 1855 Mr. Yorke left the district and went to New South Wales, and for several years North Rockhampton was without an Anglican minister. In 1888 Canon Brownrigg was appointed to look after the Noith Rock hampton district, and he conducted services in the Council Chambers. The Rev. F. D. Pritt succeeded Canon Brownrigg, and from 1891 until 1894 he continued the eervices in the Council Chambers. In 1891 Mr. Pritt left the district, and in July of that year the Rev. A, H- Julias was appointed to take charge of the district. The chnrch eervices were carried on in the Council Chambers until yesterday when they were held in the new church and will be held there in future. On the 1st ofMarch, 1896. the Rev. A. N. Garrett was appointed curate of the parish and was shortly after transferred to St. Lawrence, where he at present resides. Once a month services are conducted at Emu Park by Mr. Julius. Services are conducted at Lake's Creek every Sunday, Mr. Foley and the Vicar conducting them alternately. Afternoon services are also held at Mount Hedlow and Etna Creek once a month. Mr. H. F. B rkcr is the Superintendent of tbe Sunday school at North Rockhampton, while Mr. George acts in a similar capacity at Emu Park. A conversazione was held in the Council Chambers, North Rockhampton, on Monday iu connection with the opening of the North Rockhampton Anglican Church. The atten dance was very good. The Rev. A. H. Julius, was to have occupied the chair, bat through severe illness he could not be present, and tbe Rev. A- N. Garrett, curate of the church, presided in hie stead. A good programme of music was gone through in which tbe following ladies and gentlemen took part: — Miss M. Barker and H. F. Barker, overture, flare and piano ; tbe Rev. A. N. Garrett, ?'Queen of the Earth,' and 'Good-bye;' Mr. F. Perkins, 'The Fog Bell ;ri Mrs. Briggs, ' The Flight of Ages ;' Mr. and Mrs. Brings (duct), ' Bio a- Ye Freshening Breezes;' Mrs, Richardson, ** The Land of Long Ago ;' Mr. H. F. Barber, 'The Yeomans Wedding ' and 'The Bashful Man' (comic); Miss M. Barker end Mr. F. B. Kavac&gh; assisted at tbe piano. During tbe evening addresses were given by Archdeacon Lester, the Rev. Cinun Richards, and Mr. J. A. Rriggs. 