ECHOES; (By Sound.) What astoundingly curious statements sometimes find their way iuto books and papers. Here is one which recently ap peared in a publication called the i( Book of Beautv:7 — "I was presented at the first drawing-room the Princess of W ales ever held ; 1. was married within the same year ; and, in consequence of a national calamity — the lamented death of the late Duke of Clarence— it now happens that we have both one son and three daughters." I regret that the name of the beauty" who furnished tins extraordinary piece of news is not supplied by the paper from which 1 bare quoted, a strange oversight, for she Certainly is entitled to renown for such a wonderful performance. Just fancy two beauties — for the Princess of Wales is a beautiful woman — being married during the same year, having precisely the same number of children. That, of itself, is curious, but that these children should have been born ' in consequence of a national calamity " is simply marvellous. A worthy llorough Councillor, who has often been Mayor, received a rude shock dating the progress of the election on Thursday, lie w its standing at the Victoria corner, wheu a well-known political monger exclaimed, Look at thai now ! Look at that !" " What do you mean ?" asked Or. li . tK Look at em,5 repeated the p.m., ' Look at 'cm now Why, if clavgyiucn were seen in my country driving electors to the poll, they'd" be shut sure enough." Cr. B did iouK, and what lie saw was a drag in which were seated some of the iu- nf tln» lVm-volont Asvluill £11 roiffc for a picnic at Monivac. Seated with them were the Revs. J. K. Macmillau and Canon Tucker, who during the day sought to make the old fellows feel far uinre lively than they would ever have felt at a polling booth. Til bet that that p.m. looked upon the clargy as political opponents, and would never have said a word had he deemed them friends, for as circumstances alter eases, so do they alter opinions. As they have recently been 4 ' blowing ?? a lot about gliosis in other places it may at once be stated that this district is not behind the times, there being a ghost 011 the Hcusleigh Park road, aud another. at Paddy Lyncli's creek, down to which the road leads in ser pentine fashion between Hamilton and Branxholme. Recently a well-known resi dent travelling towards Branxholme caught up with a sewing machine agent down in the haunted valley. Timorously said the former to the latter. ' Have you seen any mysterious lights about . They're awful about here sometimes, and chase you.'5 X o," replied the other." ''Good Lord, look there : ! " lie exclaimed, aud there was one of those awful lights silently but rapidly circling round towards them. Away went the well-known resideui as fast as he could make his horse put feet to the ground, with the sewing machine man following liim and yeliing, "For God's sake don't leave me behind. I'll never travel this road again after dark, never." My stars, what a pace they went at, and by no means felt safe until 1 hey arrived at Arrandoovoug gate, where the well-known resident was to stay for the night. While briefly bidding each other adieu that mysterious light glided past them, and they saw that it was no Jack o' lantern but a Bike o' lantern. 11\. M.S. — not of Tier Majesty's Service, but a well known pressman — writes gush ingly over the beauties of Sydney Harbour, condemns the roads as a mcaus of locomo tion by bicyclists, praises the theatres, and goes into raptures over another institution in Sydney. He writes : — " A grand Sydney institution is the counter-lunch. On days when I have no time to go home, I go to a German pub.' off George-street. Here you get a pint of shandy for (id. and then you cut loose on the tucker. You see the fellows come in. produce a tunnel', and, casting a loving glance over the lunch table, take a pull. Then they get plates, knives and lurks, help themselves plentifully to curry, or hash, cold meats, or pics, or brawn, iuid add thereto a helping of capital potat-o salad. Then there arc tittle tables to sit at — no stoudiug at a counter with a barman to watch how much you put away — and plenty of waiters. It is a grand institution, gives you a jolly good feed and your pint iuto the bargain. 1 expect it pays well, for a man cannot keep so well patronised au institution going 011 losses. What will friend Compton. Mick G'Councll aud Artie Collier say to this Many anglers are said to I c expert liars, cyclists, it is said, often draw the long bow. uud golf playeis, rightly or wrongly, arc accused of forgelfulness as to number of strokes when going round the links. But on no occasions arc lies more plculiful than at election times. Iuuuiucrablc instances could be given of this, but 1 confine myself to au amusing one which occurred lost Thursday. Shortly after noon a well knowu character, who had evidently been 4 out in the sun," was seen making the best of a somewhat devious way to the polling booth exclaiming. I'm going to wipe out these big bugs," Suddenly he happened to notice a representative of this paper, and familiarly taking his arm confidentially assured him, "Its all right, I know what I'm about, Fm not goiu« for Trades Hall, Trenwilh, and that crew, 1 11 wipe them all out, so help me.: Subsequently I was told that on going iuto the' booth this roisterer informed Sir. Returning Officer that be had come to uu lur uiai> - UUUM. auu au he did, if that informal paper with only the name of the ex-Agcnt-Gencral wiped out was his. Xow I come to think of it he was no liar, he told the crowd in effect ho was not going to vote for the big bugs, he told the newspaper man he was not going to vote for the little bugs, and he didn't. Vetbatim et literatim. Or. Durham, of Flemington, must cither be a very bold or conceited man, or a Gladstone or a Bright in miniature. At a recent meeting of the local Council he expressed a hope that the press would give "full reports — verbatim tt literatim — of the proceedings." Now, it is not one mail in a hundred — perhaps a thousand would be nearer the mark — who could stand bciug reported word for word, and it is seldom indeed 'such a prodigy is found in Parliament, leave alone at a shire council table.' Perhaps, however, Cr. Dur ham is one -of these prodigies ; and I do hope that the FUmington Spectator, which seems appalled at the idea, will furnish us with an opportunity of judging. I don't know, of course, but Til bet my bottom dollar that if the Spectator reporter watches for his opportunity j Or. Durham will never wish for the dose to be repeated. What will not men do to make money. It is reported that an itinerant minstrel stole a two-year-old child from a hop-field iu Kent, got an old monkey skin and stuck it on to the child to which he administered repeated doses of gin to stop its growth: This liad the desired effect, the child con tinuing little better than a midget, and the skin fitted it like a glove, the face and hands only being exposed, lu this condition it was discovered by a Salvation Army officer and rescued. Subsequent inquiry elicited the fact fchatfhe. cild, dressed in the t;soal red coat, travelled all over the country, was never washed, and, in order to main tain the deception, herlicad was kept shaved. Her nails grew long, and her hands and feet were so emaciated and dirty that it was marvellous how the discovery ot her identity was made at alL . I11 a travelling company thc.traiued monkey was the star performer and could diirib the leg of a table with the agility of a real monkey. One play in which she took a prouuieut pail was. The Devil andthe Monkey," In which I -suspect the devil was the inhuman Vrate wliojstole her.- f r;.v. -NOt a South Australian paper Z have re- dfetitty 45e«tf b«t fcpeaks 4n eutottBtlcteuDSof fl4ate- jfirrAfih1'fqrmerly orNarracoorte, industry is 'also corn-: mented upon. Ao6brding to obeiauthority his active nuti® MfliriqWAtiwork, and it , better, which shows there was no false pride in his anatomy. "On one occasion, having repre sented a client at Yorke's Peninsular, --he received a cow as his fee, the client having no money. In no way disconcerted, Mr. Ash accepted the cow,, helped .to rat the animal on board the steamer, and after the' arrival of the vessel at /Port Adelaide led her, hv a rope attached to her horns, through the streets and so alone the Port-road to his -house at MagilL" Well, this was more profitable than the course pursued by a short-sighted legal candidate "for legislative honours, who on one occasion took off his hat to a cow. A fact. 