NOTES AND COMMENTS. A Bavle}'-street merchant, who has lately shifted his dwelling to a site near the uncaredfor graves of the pioneers, says that no matter how strongly a man asse;ts that he doesn't believe in ghosts, it may be doubted if he ever goes by a churchyard at midnight -without feeling as if something were going to grab him from behind. * » * * Commenting on ,J. L. Sullivan's challenge to Fitzsimmons. : Boston Police News ' says : —Sully is quite serious over the matter, and has betaken himself to Mulloon's condition farm at White Plains, N.Y..to begin training off his rotundity. At least one big New York paper is supporting the stand John L. has taken, and has poin ed out that there is only four years difference in the ages of Sully and Bob. It cvould not surprise me to see the spirting people generally warm up to the idea after a while, and what a eight it would be if it ever comes to pass-a grey-headed man and a bald-headed man battling for the World's Championship. * * * * As the convict Bertoli proceeded from the Court to the gaol yesterday to commence his sentence of seven yea-s' imprisonment, one of the demi-monde passed him seated in a buggy formerly owned by him behind a horse which he frequently drove. A convict has, however, no feelings in this country. Bertoli received a fitting punishment. He took property. Had he taken life he might, if tried hhbos s in Perth, have been acquitted. * * * * By way of supporting the proposal that ' Canina ' should introduce dog stories into the Kennel column of the PioNEEK a correspondent sends along the following tale of a cat:—' >"ot having sufficient confidence that a cat which he procured would rid his house of mice, a man recently sprinkled a banana skiu with strychnine and left it where the mic-2 could get it. The cat took the skin and dropj el it into the cistern, and the whole family was poisoned. 1 * * * * ' Broad Arrow Standard ' is responsible for the following story, which we fear is not true :—' Jack Blackham, the prince of wicket keepers, as might be expected, can teli many curious stories of actual experience, but of all I think the following is the best :— Blackham was playing for some country club when on a holiday bent, and of course, was pressed to keep wickets, which he at last consented to do. The umpire at Jack's end was not a Phillips, but was wrapped up in the movements of the keeper. At last the batsman dashed out oi his crease, missed the ball, and had his bails removed in a twinkling. ' How's that ?' asked Blackham at the top of his voice. The umpire, completely astounded at the marvellous ability of the man behind the wickets, could not reply for some seconds ; when he did he merely said. ' B wonderful.' * * * * On the authority of a scientific paper we take the liberty of intimating that it will be a surprise, no doubt, to learn that a man may measure the width of a river, or any other stream, by meatus of the brim of a hat, provided the ground on his side of the stream extends back level for some distance. Here is the way that it is done. The man stands facing the river and pulls down his hat brim until the edge of it is on an exact line with the edge of the bank on the opposite side of the stream. Then, putting his hand under his head to steady it so as to keep his head in the same position, he turns slowly around and notes when the edge of bis hat brim cuts the ground on his own side of the river. The measure of the distance on the level ground will be the width of the river. There will be little chance of practically establishing the reliability of the test until Sir John's river flows down Mt Burges. * * * * It is unlikely Mr Benjamin Tillett. of London and elsewhere, will appreciate Australia. His frothy clap-trap and loudmouthed bunkum about the degradation of the working classes, whom he likened to serfs ground beneath the iron heel of the men who pay the money, did not go in this country, and it surprised him to be greeted with derisive laughter where he hoped to be hailed as the advance agent of a new redeemer. The Australian working man is not a serf, and does not propose to become one. He hopes one day to be an employer of labor and stand round on the job with Lis coat on, and a Henry ulay cigar fitted into the slit in his features in place of the rank old clay, for which he has much more respect. « * * * In Australia there are quite a number of Tilletts, men who live on the weaknesses of others and weep over the imagined wrongs of the workers until the man who toils promotes them out of the ruck, whereupon they forget him and his wrongs, and only remember that he exists on occasions when his vote and interest are solicited. Tillett and Mann did good service for the workers of London, and operated largely in the direction of elevating those who were practically slaves to their rightful position amongst freemen. But the conditions of life here are different. The worker is equally intelligent with the imported agitator. He knows his own book and is thoroughly qualified to play his game to suit his own hand without advice or assistance from men who do not appreciate Ihis circumstances nor understand his aims and ambitions. Capital and labor in the Australias have their fights, and will continue to disagree until the dawn of the millennium. But they-fight fairly in the open. Jack knows full well that he is regarded by the non-combatant spectators of the strife as quite as good as his master. * * * * Criticising his Adelaide speech at luncheon with the Eight Hours Committee, ' S.A. Register' says :— 1 He uttered a lot of none too coherent platitudinarian generalities and other things, which, as one listener observed, " sounded mighty fine, but would be finer if Mr Tillett had only explained in calm language what in the world he was driving at." If the distinguished gentleman will in future label his jests he will prevent misunderstanding ; and if he will refrain from abusing courteous critics he will not be apt to create the impression that, like so many other people who come with great reputations from the old " world as missionaries to benighted Australians, he is stronger in egotistic gasconade than in logic or sound knowledge of economics. Finally, if only out of regard for the ordinary amenities which should exist between guest and host, he ought not to offensively patronise the people of Australia by talking of the " crass ignorance regarding what they claimed as economic reform " which he professes to have found " in the colonies." There is not the slightest necessity for Mr Tillett to spend strength among Australians in efforts to teach them bow to extract the nutriment from egg6. They know how to do that at anv rate, shockingly ignorant as they may appear when looked down npon from the lofty pedestal on which the Tillettian intellect perches itself.' « * * Tillett brought too much East End of London with him. Australians do not regard the Queen as an Aunt Sally to be pelted at on any and every occasion, nor a leech who sits on a throne of gold and eats raspberry jam and ice cream with a silver sp^on all through the summer day6. As a fact they do not tiouble themselves about her or her salary, or how she comes by it, and while no doubt we would as loyal citizens formally mourn her death, no native would lock himself up in his wood-house and pour sand and ashes over his raiment, or rub hog fat and powdered charcoal into his hair if she were added to the list of departed queens of England to-morrow. To him she is a figure— the throne of England—on whose anniversary a holiday must be proclaimed and races are always held. He lias no great and pronounced love for her, but he has respect. He takes his hat off when the National Anthem is being sung, and at small provocation would knock the hat and a piece of the head off any who attempted to insult the figure by keeDing his on. Our general attitude is one of respect to constituted authority, and he who attempts to incite us to disrespect is going to failttismally. Bailiff Myslfs has evidently not one of the sinecur L s enjoyed by officers of the Court. Yet he seems the right species of man for the position. According to a witness in an assault case yesterday, the bailiff seized seven horses in one hand and tried to strangle a man with the other. Sandow never attempted such a feat as this. If Myslis let his hair srrow and went in for a little training there ia money in the bank which says he can beat Lucifer at any ordinary feat of strength and agility. # * * * Curing the hearing of the case the R.M. said the bailiff did not seeai to be regarded with the first sign of respect Several times he had Leen set upon and chastised when he attem, ted to execute an order of the Court, and more than once he had been beaten with considerable emphasis. But this is all in the day's work of a man who attempts to take possession. A sheriff tells an interesting experience of his own and an assistant. He desired to get into a tenement which had been provisioned for a siege, but could not. The occupants remained inside, and though he tried every tiickof which he was aware he could not get in. However, he was patient. Early and late he and hii help were on watch, and at length the after was rewarded. A shutter, previously carefully closed, was left open, and he rushed to the place and attempted to effect entry. He got a piece of the way through, and then the hutter was savagely closed, holding the upper alf of his body as in a vice. The man inside eld it that way and the lady wielded tha room. When the shutter was loosed he fell utside almost senseless and lay there for ome time. ^ * * * However, he was not a selfish man, and deciding that some of the same would be good for his principal he went to their hotel, washed off the tokens of coutcst, and duly reported. 'I think we might get in thera this morning,' said. ' I noticed the shutter a bit open.' < Why didn't you enter ? asked the sheriff. The other led his chief to suppose he was frightened, and he decided to take the contract himself. But being fat and not too active a gentleman he attempted to enter with the last part of himself first, and when the shutter was closed as in the previous instance and the broom got to work, the sad spectacle was presented of one officer of Her Majesty's Court leaning out of a window, making all the motions of a citizen engaged in swimming. and yelling with all the force of a pair of lungs which hadn't a crack in any part of them. And a hundred feet off another officer of the Court was jumping up and down and throwing his hat in the air, an 1 laughing like a man demented. Another assistant bailiff arrived next day, and that night the place myste/iously caught fire. Fortuna'ely the sheriff was at hand, and helped to quell the conflagration. In the excitement which ensued the occupants were dragged cut with ropes, and possession of the premises was formally taken. Anyone who thinks it is all beer and billiards bein^ a bum is deeply mis- taken. * * * • Newspaper men will thoroughly appreciate the following from London ' Referee' : —A g )od night's rest and a good digestion, says Prince Ranjitsinhji in his new book, are the first, essentials for a cricketer. Speaking ' off-hand,' one would be inclined to say that a good night's rest and a good digestion were the first essentials in evtry game, including the game of life, But I doubt very much if statistics would show that the legs of mutton at the top of life's greasy poles have as a rule been reache i by the good sleepers and the good digesters. The man who sleeps and digests is a healthy man, and the thoroughly heal'.hy man is, as a rule, less mentally active than the man whose nerves are affected by some physical discomfort. Sound sleep and gooi dige tion do not go to the making of great inventors, great financiers, great writer, great painters, or great statesmen. On the contrary, the life story of some of the greatest men has been one long diary of physical distress and nervous irritability. Probably in athletics, where presumably imagination plays no part, the good night's rest and good digestion are advantages. But I question very much if in the employments and professions in which activity of brain is needed they are not rather hindrances to success. Of course I am only speculating. A good night's rest and a good digestion are gifts of the gods, but, alas ! gifts which they have never yet bestowed on • DAGONET.' ? 