A BR4VK GIRL. PART IL CHiFrBR III. 'thib hoce has oeowned my life with its richest blessing.' ' And all thb time I have believed you living in affluence as the acknowledged widow of Ealph Plympton !' Basil Meredith exclaimed, when Ruth's stoiy was finally ended. ' if I had known the truth I should have been wretched ; I should 'Pray do not be so disturbed,1' Ruth hastened to remark, as he paused. ' I have not suffered for anything — except in the knowledge that my child and I were repudiated. 1 have, on the contrary, been comparatively happy. At first 1 was u little doubtful about the success of my experiment in endeavoring to support ourselves in this way ; but, on the whole, 1 have rather enjoyed my work since becoming accustomed to the responsibility of being a business woman.' ' If I had only known !' Mr. Meredith repeated, regretfully ; and then added with a sternness that somewhat startled her companion. 'But you should never submit to such a wrong. You shall have your rights. That unprincipled woman shall not triumph over you. I believe that your posi tion can be proved even at this late day, and I will spare nothing to effect that result. You say there is a ycung heir. Of course, he must have his share of the property ; aDd, if there was no will, his mother world come in for the wife's dower. But Hope's father wonld also have rights, and those, added to his private fortune, would make no mean inheritance for the little girl. What an unprin cipled schemer that woman has been !' ' Well, 1 cannot ftfford to let her destroy the pleasure of this evening for me,' Ruth stuilingly remarked. ' I do not like to think of her at any . lime, least of all now ; so, my friend, let us ignore ier, if you please, and tell me about the wonderful change tlut.has come to you. Oh, Mr. Meredith, it seems to me like a miracle. I am actc ally awed in view of it,' she concluded in a steady voice. ' And I, too, can hardlyrealize it,' Basil Mere dith said in & reverent tone ; ' and yet I have recovered so gradually, and the change has involved co much, that I have bad ample opportunity to become accu&iomed;~to it. Do you remember,' he resumed after a slight pause, ' the article on ?Christian Science '.that I read to you one day during our homeward voyage?' ?' Ob, yes,' said Ruth, ?with eager interest ; 'can it be' ? -_ ' Well, it impressed me more deeply than 1 was willing to admit at the time,' Basil continued, without replying to her' question, ' and finding on my arrival in New York that some one must go to Boston for the firm, I eagerly seized upon the op portunity, with the determination to seek put the man who had been such a sufferer from hip disease, and who had been so miraculously cured. I did eo ; I found -that account true in every. particular, and at once became so absorbed in thjs new departure from.' Materia. Medica ' that I resolved : to teBt it upon myself It has required unlimited ' patience, but all the time there has been steady, though very gradual improvement ; that has kept me from being discouraged, until the principle of * Christian Science' has triumphed, and I am a new man both, physically and stiiritually.' Mr. Meredith concluded in a voice vibrant with mingled gratitude and reverence. ' It is wonderful 1' said Ruth regarding him -with grave, earnest eyes. ' It almost seems to me as if you are living in a different world. !' 'And I am, my friend,' he smilingly replied, ' for all things have become new to me. I was blind, now 1 see ; I was maimed, now I am whole. ' But, my darling,' he went on bis voice tremulous with exceeding tenderness, ' I have something else to speak of now. When I parted with you on the boat that day in New York, it seemed to me as if my life was' 'not worth living, fcr, in leaving you, a great darkness appeared to settle over me. I had long been learning to leve you, and with a. deeper significance to the term than I bad ever experienced before.. But I was, as I believed, a hopeless cripple, and I felt that I bad no right to dog your young life with my unsightly personality. It is true you had told me, more . than once, that jon never gave 'the fact .a thought — that to you the ' real me '—and . thejwords mean much pore to me now — as you expressed it wholly eclipsed all physical defects. Oh, you; tempted me so.ely, little woman, that day when you illustrated your meaning by referring to the beautiful heliotrope in the broken vase. Do you remember?' he inter ftOBed softly, and bending eagerly towards Ruth. ' Yes, I remember,' she tremulously breathed. Basil Meredith reached out his hand and cap tured the one on the arm : of her; chair, near him, and,. though it trembled in bis clasp, it lay there, passive, like a little bird, content in its nest.' - ' Yes, yon tempted me almost beyond my strength,' he resumed, ' and I had a terrible battle to fight before I could school myself to calmness'' and submission to what I felt to be right. Still, I tried to glean a little comfort which the reading of th&t; article on 'Christian Science ' had thrown out to mo on the ocean of my despair. I said I would go to Boston immediately. I would know and prove the truth ; I would claim, as my. right/ the healing that had done so . muoh for others. I told myself that I would never see you' ugain until I had either won what I sought, or, faiiing, could school myself to banish forever, all fcope of winning you. It has been a mighty struggle ? one that I should have relinquished- long sujice in despair, but for- the gaol I -had in-view. -Dear, the shattered vase has been. recast, .while I,irust that the real majn-ijift lost: nothing ipf ;the impral and spiritual stature . that he originally possessed, and so all that I am arid htye is yours. Rutli do you— can you love.mp ? Will you be my wifej?' Tears were raining thick and fast over the face of that fair woman, but they were tears of joy in wiew of the great ; gift that' had been laid; at her feet ; while mingling with this was ,a feeing of deep sympathy with, and reverence for, the man' who had so nobly and patiently fought and won & desperate battle. She could uot for the moment control herself sufficiently to. speak, andJBasil iwas , wondenns, with a strange heart-sinking,' why: she did not reBpoud to his appeal, when a hot, gutter ing drop, fiplashed upon thehand ^ha^ was jst^l. ..«lWping.ierB.. JJ.^JaJL. — iJ..L..'.l . i ,,-,?, ,y Butb, dearest, have I hurt you ? Are the old'. '^bun'dsitiU' so' sore1 'thai iyou ioanndt/ coyer! them ' . . ? tntfe^heniantlitof f io^gettilness ? . JSave 1 strafe-'; t:g!sdi'*nd.cQnqqered;in.yainj?t' he«ried,twitn a pole1' of agony in his tones thatcut her like 4 knife. Be started suddenly erect in his chair, '? No, no I1' she breathed, as ,she involuntarily clasped Her other hand over his, as if , she was fearfi.1 of losing the great gift of his love' out of her grasp The act, simple as it was, spoke volumes. It told him all that he yearned to know. It showed him that she had already given herself to him, heart and soul. The next moment he was kneeling beside her chair, his .urms round her, her fair haad pillowed upon his proad chest. 'Ah,' he exclaimed, a ring of gladness and supreme content in his voice, ' I did not think that my heart could have so misled me ! You do love me, sweet! You are mine. for. all time 1 Birth, Ruth1,' he went on, laying his lips against her cheek, ' if you could know what the name means to me, and how it has been treasured in my heart like some potent charm, to spur me ou to greater efforts 1 It is the symbol of all that is lovable, pure and womanly ; it has been my in spiration when discouraged, my anchor when in doubt, and the one beacon that has illumined the darkened way. Have you wanted me, love ? Has your own heait longed forme ?' ' So much, so much!' she murmured, lifting one hand and layins it caressingly ou his faee. ' Ah, that is a. blessed assurance, dearest, and I believe that my yearning soul has long felt and owned it, but I dared not beed it until I could come - to you perfect in form and stature.' Ruth lifted her head from its resting place, and tried to look into his face, although in the deepen - ing darkness she could scarcely distinguish his features. ' You need not have waited for that, Basil,' she whispered, and shyly using his Christian name for the first time ; ' for my heart has long owned you as its king.' ' And you. would not have shrunk from becom ing my wife, deformed as I was when you saw me last ?' he questioned, in a low, impassioned tone. ' I should have been proud to nave been your wife, even then.' ' Ax.d now ?' she repeated, a musical ripple of joyous laughter breaking from her lips ; ' there is no woman living to-night, Basil, who is so inex pressibly happy as I.' The man ros», drawing her also to hsr feet, his arms still enfolding her. 'Come, let us go in,' he said, eagerly: 'I want to see the face of' this proud and happy little woman ; I want to look into her shin in y eyes, and. read for myself a confirmation of the sweet story -she has told me. I have been starving for the sight of her for so long, I cannot allow her to be enwrapped with this mantle of darkness another moment. He led her in through the hall to tho pretty sitting room, where a softly shaded lamp threw a mellow light over everything ; then, taking her face between both his hands, he bent and looked into her beautiful eyes. , . . ' You love me, Ruth?' he questioned again with infinite tenderness ; ' tell me once mure here where I can see you.'. ' I love you, dear,' she.fraukly answered, though an exquisite color flooded her whole face with the confession, ' You will be my wife P' 'Yes,'' she said, her sweet lips tremulous from exceeding joy. He drew in a deep bieath of supreme content. 'Ah,' be said, his .voice thrilling with glad triumph, ' this bpur has crowned iiiy life with its richest blessing! Now I know, ouce more, the meaning of the word hope !' As he ceased speaking, he bent and touched his lips to hers, fondly, and almost reverently, in their first caress. * ? * # * When Basil Meredith sought his betrothed again the next moruing, his first words after greeting her were : ' Ruth, have you a screwdriver anywhere about tne house ?' ? ' ? - ' Yes,' she replied,' but opening her eyes wonderingly at the stange query. , 'Then; get it for me, please,' he smilingly requested. : ? . She brought it, and he laughed outright as he observed the look of perplexity on her face. ' Well P' be questioned, playfully. ! ' I am wondering what repairs you are contem plating in connection with uiy hunibe abode; or whether I myself Bra about to be immured in Bouie : 'closet-tor Baiekeepmg,'-8he demurely remarked.. 'Neither, sweet; but, with your permission, I am going to tekejdowu that' little square of painted tin over your, door..- The public . are no longer entitled to the services of my promised -wife,' Mr. Meredith gravely returned. Ruth blushed rosily at this reference to her new relations towards him, but quietly observed .* ' Very well ;?! shall not object, if .such ;be your 'wish.' :v ?'?' '; ?? ? ' . ? ?.? ???-.' So the »ign that had been so bbnoxioua to Inez. Plympton was removed ; -and, later, Basil negotiated with a milliuer in the city to take the small but cboicL stock of goods at a fair valuation, for Ruth would henceforth have no need to toil fop her support. His next business was to interview a shrewd lawyer, with .reference to the recovery of' Ralph. Plyuipton's private fortune, ,and possibly a portion of hid father's estate, for little Hope. The attorney thought' there was more than an even chance of making the uudertahiug a success,' although it . wotild doubtless' involve some sharp .legal fighting, since th»re whs so certificate, and no 'witnesses could bo found to prove Ruth's inarriage with lit. Ralph Plympton. With such, evidence there would - be no difficulty whatever in securing Ms property to hi- child. ! ;: ? . . ? . ? Mri Meredith, with a, resolute gleam in. his eye, oi-dered him to ,' fight.' '.'. \ .'..'. ?'.''.' _ He spent three, delightful days. -with, 'his betrothed, and then said than 4e must return to New York, but would oome every week to' spend the. Sunday with her until his home in Madison Avenue was ready for her reception. There' wag much that ho wished to do iti the way of repairs, ('ecoration, and furnishing before iustalling .her there as mistress. ' . . ' :????? . . : It was decided that the marriage should occur justtbr«S!jiT-ontbs f roui the day of .their betrothal. \- As Basi| waV about ;to leave her, Ruth begged jhim to go to .see, Wi\\\ Browning ; before tho week was out,: and briiig her ridings from bim. s ' 'AnJ, Auni,rt: she H Hilded, wistfully, 'if ; the Bur^edris at. the hospital will allow it, I wish you :^rbuTdibrifag hiuV here -whm you ftopie again/ ' ; v 'Wliy^Kutii, love, (mrely you are not goinpr to turn- your «iife of a* home into a-bospit^l P' h»r lover uaked in Bitrpritsef ?;i.;,.|- 'y,,u\, ', . .;.;, ,??-?? ' N^ r q«tlthei)t-or-boy sifud he had;_no frienas and no borne, but a ' abarc in a cellar ;' 'eo I would like him to come here and stay until bis foot is well. I am sure he isn't a bad boy, and, perhaps, ifthe right influences were thrown round Jam, he might become a good aud useful man,' shu thoughtfully returned. ' tVcll, I will see what can be done for him,' Basil gravely responded, and then was obliged to hurry away to catch his train. CHAPTER IV. A GHOST OF THE PAST. Meanwhile Mrs. Anthony Plympton, with her son and heir, her French maid and nurse, her horses, carnage, coachman and footman, had mode her appearance in Saratoga, and, with a great deal of style and nourish of trumptets. took possession of a fine suite of rooms at the Grand Union Hotel. Of course, as she wan in the first, year of her widowhood, she did not attempt to mingle much in the gay society, of the house : she was discreetly respectful to tho memory of the late Anthony Plympton, over whose broad acres and full coffers she was fortunate to preside. She had flourished at the spring's for about three weoks, when one morning, as she was returning from ber habitual drive, her attention was attracted by a gentleman, mounted on a tine, black horse, who was riding out of the city. Ha was a. striking looking man, some stout of figure, witb a clear, olive skin, intensely black eyes and ban?, and wore a moustache of the same hue. As they passed each other, simply exchanging a casual glance, the gentleman gave a violent start, then turned to look back, a curious gleam iu his coal block eyes, a frown of perplexity contracting his brow. ' Quien sale ? — who knows P' he muttered, revealing two rows of white, even teeth as hk lips curled in a very singular smile. Turning his horse directly about, be followed Mrs. Anthony- Plyhipton's elegant turn out, at a discreet distance back to the city, until he saw it stop and the attractive widow alight before the Grand Union, whereupon he wheeled about again, and rode rapidly away. That samo evening the brilliant Mrs. Plympton, attired in her most becoming1 costumes, was seated upon ,tne verandah of ,tbe hotel, conversing with a cuot uf gentlemen who had gathered about her- -it wns noticeable that ladies seldom sought her society — when two others were seen approaching her. One was a Mr. Mclntrye, who had made himself very agreeable to. her; the other was a stranger— the horseman she had met that morning. ' At, Mrs Plynipton,' the former gentleman smilingly remarked, as he paused before her,: ' you are holding high court as usual. Allow me to present another aspiring knight. Mrs. Plymptou — Seuor Castillo.' ' . What was it that, at the sound of that name, made. Inez Plynipton catch her breath so suddenly und clinch one- white, slender hand until the nails almost cut her .palm ?' What made her face lose all its brilliant coloring and a' cold shiver like a sliiny reptile, go creeping down her back P ... , : Had ehe heard the name aright— Senor Castillo ? Ah, yes ;^ die knew who the inuh was, even as sheglanced into his eyes aiid saw there the mocking gleam which told her that he bad needed no intro duption to her in order to assure himself, of her identity. . . ' ? ? But the proud woman of the world was barely an instant in recovering herself, and, witb a graceful bow and a brilliant smile, professing ijiat she was ' delighted to meet Seuor Castillo.' With infinite tact she entertained her half dozen admirers, never . allowing the conversation to flag for one moment. She had desiro to be left alone with the Spaniard, for she instinctively realized that, he had .'sought her with a purpose, she hoped to keep hei- admirers - about her until he became wearied and passed on. But she was destined to be foiled in th'isj purpose, howevay for it was evident that' the senior had uo intention of deserting the field. He appeared to be highly ? entertained by the charming widow, while he also proved himself to be bright snd witty at repartee ; and for half an hour the little 'coterie appeared to enjoy the brilliant fencing to the utmost. .-...; .: :?;''. Finally the band struck up a spirited march., when Seuor Castillo abruptly stepped (Forward and requested the pleasure of joining the promenade with MrR. Plympton. She hesitated an instant, then, with a resolute gleam in her dark eyes, laid her' hand, upon his arm, and; bowing a smiling adieu -to the devotees she- was deserting,- moved slowly down the verandah with the man. -: : ' ?? . : ' 