FISHma NOTES, (Br ' QiAncns.') Tho sonthorly at tho week end was rospon siblo for n lot of bad language on tho various fishing grounds on Saturday and Sunday. Tho ghost of good old Izaak was roundly licensed of novor visiting sumo of tho best grounds. A fow enthusiasts ventured out of the harbors to tho deep-sea groundH, but with nn iucronsing son and n most uncomfortable gamo of pitoh and toss, discomfort soon decidod tho Kohnnppor parties to head for homo. Mr. T. Broughton and party out from Woolloomooloo Buy in n nato sailing boat tried Bluefish and secured several small Bohnapper, naunogai, swoop and piko 'before tho wind drovo thorn in. Messrs. Aloook and Co.'s Molbourno roprG snntativo, Mr. Wraggo, paid n visit to Woy Wpy with Messrs. Jonos, Soott nnd Frod Couoh. Mr. Wraggo Hshod with two boat rods fittod with. largo roals whilo his oom punions usod two hand lines lilted up for ilathoad and whiting. The close of tho day's sport saw a total of 10 dozen fish, principally whiting' and flalhoad, in tho boat, and tho rods had scorod at tlio samo rate as tho baud lines in tho drift. Sportsmon going, in for rods and fittings should not buy small roots. Tlioy aro vory tiring to turn. It is qnito possible, and those only can gainsay it who havn proved it, to haul n lino in as quickly on a Gin reel as with thn hands, and tlioro is novor any foar of n liiuglo. Tho best reolo seem to be tho largo wooden ones with n ohook.' Tho littlo brass things an' inoh or two iuchas iu diameter aro toys. ? ? . Tha week's reports aro satisfactory, nnd tho low prieo of raw prawns has' induaed many to huvo a Summer trip to one of tha hundred grounds iu easy distauco of the big population Woy AYoy Kepokts.— F. Concho, with n party of four Sydney sportsmen, hud a luiul of 2.'JL flsh'on Wodnosday; Messrs. Bsnnott and Uarniitt uanght 12 donou.'inostly whiting ; Mc»8rs. Biur.Bav. Caldor ami Scott eauirht G dozou whitiug, 3 dozen fiathuad, and 2 dozeu other lish, ? .; ? Couo and Gkoroe's HrvE« Eepohte.— Mtrtsrs. Ward and .Murray caught 25 whiting, oldack brauivillutlicnd, 2 ilound.ir ; McsHrs. Walsh and lloynolds li) whiting, 7 flathead, 1 flounder; JMussrs. Morris mid Puthorill 32 whiting, 5 flathead, i lloundur. This place will improro orory week' now. Tho rain has helped materially, although it drivos the iish nwuy for a time. Cowak iliEPORTS. — Messrs. Hadkin and JSiumoLt 50 lurgo red broHiu ; Messrs. Davis nud Uecl « reilbranmnnd7jawrMb; Muasru. Kemp and Arnott SO red bream and 11 jaw lish; M.'sai-. O'ouil.or and Carter at. Shurk liock SO bull bream; Messrs. Wobstor and Unll CO largo rod bream, llAWKESunuT llivEit Bkp&rts.; — Mossrs. Rioh, Walker, and Uoliisu, 50 assorted licli, mostly jew aud Uiithond ; Mussro. Wallace, Jacobs and S. Friend 2o fl.it.hcad. 12 jnw, 2 blnoli bream ; Mossrs. Mannix aud Brownby 17 flivthead, 5 jmv ; Ueasrs. ISarlter nnd Faith full 13 flathoad, 12 jew ; Monsrs. Nixon and Ferguson 27 flathead, 3 jow. Ono party campad on ono of the arm* of the river caught so many juwAMi tluit all.houuh somo visiting friends carried home full hampers over 20 fish bad to bo wanted. l'oira Hackikq Eui'OiiTS.— llr. Gordon had another fine liunl of big fish near Yowio; Messrs. Ellis and Jamus oaucht i doznn red bream and 3 dozen black brunni ; IU«s»rs. Kethel uud Burns had a mixed haul of G dozen; Messrs. Wood and Ferris ou tho flats caughtd, dnzen large whiting; Mosars. Owen anil Hendry caught 40 whiting, 7 fkUirad, 5 iloundor, 3 black 'bream ; Altasn-. Myers, Divyor, and Jonos caught 4 dozen red bream, 2 dozen blnck bream, uud lgroper; Mfssrtt. Galvin and Parsons had n mixed haul of (3 ilosou ; Mr. and Mrs. Earlo nud Mr. and Mrs. Webb caught 30 red breum, -1 blnck bream 5 llathead, and 3 whiting. Sydkey Harbok, and Arms Repouts. — FlKiboad and crabs aro biting well iu I ho l'urruiuatta ltivur; whiting aro biting off tho hiiacll ut Clontarl'; Mr. Munuiuguani of llHlmaiu caught n 20!b jewfiah lumr Goat isllLtlU , fcllO lisll Oil Ucilltf OpCIIG(l T7.1.S 1 01111(1 ti- be full of prawns, and those Mr. Mauuing hani used for for an ossuy ut blank breaming with sueciiP*. Mr. Thompson caught 2 black bream at Brady's Point, Middle Harbor, weighing closo ou Gib together : black bream nru coming on fast at tbo Green Flats, Manly ; Mr. J. M'Millnn had a xplmidid haul of blauk bream at the Bottle and Glass. Mr. nnd Mrs. Oadoll and Mrs. and Miss Baxter at Watson's Buy caught -10 red bream: Messrs. Arnold and Boyoo at Chowdor Bay caught 13 bluet Uooe Fishing Reports.— Tho rock fisher men havu not boen bleared with easy sous during tho .week, but before the break began good hauls wore obtained nt Sam's Hole, Middle Head, Bluefisb (Manly), Morivory, Boudi, Littlo Head, Joaloug. and Botany Heads. Blank .bream are biting freely at South Hoad nnd in a conplo of nholtored nooks ou tha track to North Head. Hook fisbormou would find good sen rods very successful, and thoso would moro than pay for thotnsolvos in tho course of n year by tho saving in tnoldo and hooks they would effcot. At tho last meeting of tha Amatonr Fishor mou's Association notioo of motion to roduoe tho subscription to 5s por annum with 1b nomination foo was given. Tho motion will bo disenssed next Tuoxday night, nnd the ooin mittee nsk me to urgo mombors to attend Tha new clnbroom, which in near the old ono, is Kocm 15, Temporanco Hall. Mr. Cuaton lauded a largo jowfish nt Kirribilli Point aftoi- a good tuBSlo in wbioh his hands suffered materially. Mr.'QiddiiiRS, of tho Cronnlla Hotel, hns boen Bomlinir some nico fish to Sydnoy friends lately; Sohnapper ara plentiful wido out off tho beach, and boaah-fishermon uro nrettv certnin to got whiting and blnck bream in tho early morning, nnd from 4 p.m. till sundown, Pippios onn be obtained on tho boach, but intending trippers should aarry n good supply of prawns uud worms, tho formor in a proper Atr. Blaokwood ? landed n largo gropor on a . thin sohnappor line nt Botany during the week. Tho fish weighod 2(ilb. Ndrrnbaon and Curl Cnrl lagoons hnvo boon visited by sovoral oyoling parties of fishermen Intely with considerable nuccoss. Rathor a small run of mnllot nud whiting huve boon caught on the beach at Narrabiinn, bnt thoro aro ulonty of them. Visitors to Narrnboeu aro requested to respect tho oiimps thero. Flathoad uro roportod fromLongBay by tho oeenn gnin£ parties. Route fisherman linve boon lying low waiting for tho sea to go down, and as thero is a probability of it doing so for tho holidays, llioy ought to cot some good hauls. Chostnut.— Ethol : ' I was ont fishing with Jack this morning.' Maud; ' Catch nny thing ?' Ethel : ' Yos, hooked a Jack.' Fishing tncklo of every description. Frosh shipmants nrriving for tho neaRon. Go to S. Cornforlh, G72 Oioorgo-pt., and 7 'J'ho Strand.*' I'lsmso 'finis,- All classes can \:e purchased olionper Irom me than nuiawlicro. W. Fdiikuss queen's Cross and Willi.uii.stiect. l'lulinv Taeliht.— Special sonoa of Bartlutt's colehratod hooks jute lauded. X.sv.-cst prices ut Mick Simmons', llaymarket, and liralicho». 