Sporting Intelligence. COURSING;. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (.FROM Quit wWN CORRESPONDENT.) | BENDIQO, Thursday, The fourth meeting of the Bendigo Plumpr ton Goaraine Olab was brought to a conclu sion to-day, in the presence of a good attend ance of the public. Mollie Riley, who, with Fearnought, divided the first and second prize money (£21 for the winner and £8 8s for the runner-up) in the Bendigo Stakes, was subsequently sold to Mr W. Keating, of Bendigo, for £15 IDs. Foarnaught was also offured for sale by auction and passed in at £9 9a. Dunloo, belonging to Hodges Bros., of' Goelong, died last night from injuries re ceived whilst running in the Bendigo Stakes yesterday. Following are tho reaultB . ritKSIDENT'3 STAKES. J. B. Pearson's f d Happy Jack (Merry Monaroh-Tailoreas) beat H. J. Taylor's f d Outlaw (Hopetoun-Deanite) after a splendid couije, and won tho stakes, the hare getting home safely. , EENDIOO STAKES. E. W. Peterson's blk d Fearnought (Fear less- JSor i Creina) be it Tinsworch's f and w d Walnut II. (Hazolnut-Playmate). Fear nought led up to the hare and killed almost immediately. E. W. Petoraon's r b Mollie Riley (Ghost -Winnie) beat F. D. Konyon'a r d Red Bird, lato Federal Oity (His Mnjesty-Forget me not), lied Bird led up, but tho biinh then got possession and retained the advant age to tho end of tho course, the hare escaping. Fearnought and Molliu Riley belonging to tho same owner, Mr Peterson, of Echuca, first and second money was taken by him. EiOLEDAWK 81'AKE3. IT. Barrldge'a f d Barleycorn (Livingstone -Beehive Rose) beat W. Matthews' ns Bob Ridley O (Robin Adair-Charm). H. Burridge's f d Battlor (Livingstone Beehive Rose) boat J. Owen's f d Piper II. (Piper-Morning Light). Mr Burridge thua won the trophy and first and socond money. The challenge issued by Mr Thom&B; at tho settling up of the Champion meeting to run any dog in the colony with his dog, Honeydew, for £50 or £100, for the first turn of the hare, and which Mr M'Gilliouddy later on accepted by depositing £20 in the hands of the secretary of the Echuoa Plump ton Coursing Club, Mr Wilkinson, has now procoodod a little further. Mr Wilkinson was doputod to visit Bendigo on Wednesday and had an Interview with the parties. Yoaterday a telegram was received from Mr Charlton, of Bendigo, ono of the supporters of Honeydew, to the effect thnt the amount would be covorod to run ICa'e Hardcastle. This virtually binds the match, which, after articles havo been signed, will be run on tho Eohuca Plumpton at their next meeting. The challenge was specially issued so that the matoh should bo run on the Eohuca Plumpton, in consequence of tho ground being connldered tho boat in the colony. Great interest will bo centered In tho event by coursing onthusiasta locally and abroad on account of the olevorness of the contes tants for tho load up and vory keen specula tion will n'> doubt result. Mr A. B. Pearson, of Sale, is one of thoso gentlemen whom tho members of tho Echuoa Plumpton Coursing Club regard as ono of their prinoipal supporters, so far as generosity is concerned, and to add to the good support he has given already during tho present season, ho on Wednesday gave the locul sooretary £5 5h to bo added to tho first prize of tho big etabo at the forthcoming mooting. This amount is very welcome to the club at the present junoture, and will increiso the prize to an oxtent that it should encournge some good dogs to compete for it. Mr Pearson donated tho club £20 on his last visit here, so with tho £6 Gs already uudor noto, it proves tho gontleman to bo a moBt enthusiastic follower of tho kennel. He has also promised to compoto at tho upproaching mooting. It will, no doubt, bo Interesting to cours ing onthusiasta locally and elsewhere to know that tha well-known groyhound Fearnaught, who divided tlio "Veteran Stakes at Eohuca last mooting with Sally, and tho Bendigo Stakes at tho mooting hold yester day with Molly Riley, is by F. Jones' well perfor'mod blk d Fearless (full brother to Rufford II) and out of that woll-known groyhound Nora Criona, who, on many occasions, was, returned a winner on behalf of the popular treasurer of the Eohuca Plumpton Coursing Club, Mr W. Kerr. Tho win of Mr E. W. Peterson's nB Fearnought with Molly Riloy has buon received locally with muoh favor. 