TIMELY TALK.. [By Miss D. A. Cabot in Canterbury Times.] Anglo-Indian ladies have at length found courage to rebel against the social bondage involved in the "duty" call. The idoastarted at Simla with the formation of a Society, j which now includes several hundred names. It lias been in existence since the beginning of April, and is said to find groat favour. The rules are very simple, the chief one being that, instead of calling in person, cards are to be sent and calls returned by post. When- a special compliment is intended a personal call is allowable, but not otherwise. " At home" davs are to bo held when convenient, the notices being given in the local papers. It is a pity that some such scheme is not devised in other communities for the relief of the busy woman who can ill spare leisure for a call which is a more civility, paid very often at the cost of much inconvenience to herself. As for professional women, they should be oxemptcd from the necessity of returning duty calls, aud a card sont through tho medium of the po3t should bo all that society should exact from tbem. There is something very wrong wlion old age becomes unlovely, as it always does when slovenly habits of person and attire accom pany it. Many a man who in youth and middle ago would rather have died than miss his daily bath and shave is content to become unkempt, oven dirty, when advancing years lay hold of him. Doubtless it takes some trouble to keep cleanly, but self-rospect de mands that the trouble bo taken so that the affection of others bo retained. We all love a sweet and wholesome baby, but not the most devoted baby- worshippor would find attrac tiveness in a neglected child. Few elderly women are entirely careless as to their per sonal appearance; coquetry is innate in them, but with tho elderly man it is too often far different. There is a loveliness in an aged faeo that can never be found in that of the young—tho silver hair framing the sweot lined face has a wonderful beauty of its own, but cleanlinos3 must bo ever present if the beauty is not to ba turned into repellant ugli ness. And speaking of beautiful old people calls up a picture of a lady who, though fallen on evil days and very aged, was so exquisitely dainty in herself and in her quaint but poor homo, that her very memory exhales sweetness. Sho was like a piece of exquisitely delicate china, with her satiny skin, her hair white as driven snow, and her eyes of tho clearest blue. Her income was so small that many women would have starved on it, but her clothes were always spotless and whole, while she herself was tho most lovable of women. Rabies need exercise. So say the doctors, and they liave~bogun to advocate what is neither more nor less than a system of infan tile athletics. The old system of rolling up the baby into a bundle, and expecting it to lio still for the first six mouths, at least, of its existence, is condemned for what appears to bo a very good reason. Wo have found out tha physiological importance of muscular activity in the adult; if wo wish to have strong limbs and a clear and wcll-dcvoloped brain we do not shut ourselves up in a hot house ; wo exercise ourselves much and fre quently in the open air. Curiously enough, we usually prevent our infants from getting any exercise; we allow them very little fresh j air, and yot wonder wlfr they develop so slowly. To begin with, sSjy.s an authority on the subject, the baby should bo kept warn), but itsliinbsshould not bo impeded by drapery. Short skirts should be put on as soon as pos sible, and the child allowed to kick quite freely. Then, in order to make the child vigorous, a certain amount of exposure to the open air is necessary. To obtain this the infant should spend as many hours as possible in tho open air when tho weather is favourable. In fact, it should be trained to sleep in its carriage in the open air in the daytime. This should be supplemented by an air bath following upon tha morning and evening tubbing, when the little one should not be hastily covered up, but should lio for some time on a warm blanket, the nurse meanwhile gently rubbing the small limbs in a upward direction. The rubbing and the air baths constitute a natural skin tonic, and the infant comes to enjoy these gymnastics greatly. To repress the move ments of babies is to hinder tlicir mental as well as their physical development—a fact that tho Indian mother thoroughly under stands when sho places her baby on a blanket or skin every day to kick and crow to his heart's content. It is only when tha mother's duties call her away that she puts her infant into his portable cradlo and leaves him to play with the bright beads hung just abovo his head. If wa could only get rid of the notion that our acquaintances care one iota to know what we were, or how wo lived and thought and actod in thoso long passed away days, wo should lead more useful lives. The present it is that matters to us. If wo can only get a grip of that we may lot the past go—not its memories or its lessons, they are precious, we cannot do without them. But we must give up projecting our thoughts upon our past, It is that which makes living an anachronismof so many of us; our bodies are alive to-day, and our minds are centred on that dead past. It is like dragging our ghosts with us. Let us lay them peacefully, calmly, reverently in the consecrated ground of tho Yesterdays, and learn to look To-day boldly, fearlessly in tlio face. It may not seem easy to do this, for the habit must bo formed, aud habits arc of slow growth. Onlv a determination to cuter into tho life going on around hercan wean a woman from harking back to tho past. There is always plenty to do, plenty of sympathy needed, and she who has learned how to speak the right word, to give help when it is most needed, will find that the present is teeming with possibilities infinitely more vast than any she hasevcr before dreamed of. That there is great scope for the insight and talent of a woman lawyer among the mem bers of her own sex is evidently realised by j Miss Ethel Benjamin, New Zealand's first ' lady lawyer. In the ~ course of an interview j with a contributor to the White Ribbon in her • Dunedin Office recently, Miss Benjamin showed herself to be quite alive to the needs ot her sex, and to be determined to do her share in. assisting it. Miss Benjamin is described as being slight and girlish-looking, with an oval face, broad forehead and dark! speaking eyes—a. pleasing portrait, as all must readily confess. That her law course was passed with credit is plain from the fact that she completed it in the minimum time— namely, four yoara—taking high places in the examination list for each year. Thus, at the end of her first year in the School of Law (Otago University), Miss Benjamin took first place in Jurisprudence, in Constitutional His-' tory, and Law. Tu the second section she came out first in the colony in Roman Law; and this year, in her final examination, Bhe was first in New Zealand in "Equity and Evidence," bracketed first in Criminal Law, and bracketed first in " Real and Personal Property." This is an exceedingly good record for our first lady lawyer, and one of which every woman in the colony must feel proud. In reply to a ques tion about her health during her student days, Miss Benjamin replied that she had given her self a uniform allowanoe of nine or ten hours'' rest nightly, retiring regularly at II p.m., and that she had found this plan answeradmirably. It is pleasant to learn that Miss Benjamin does not intend to rest satisfied 011 her laurels, but aspires to practise as a barrister, and con fidently trusts to make her mark some day at the Bar. That such an earnest and practical' woman will 'eventually attain to this distin guished position is by no means improbable, - and Miss Benjamin may'rest assured that she has the best wishes of all progressive men and women for success in the arduous careeT she has chosen. 