MELBOURNE ITEMS. (From our Correspondent.) A certain class of charlatans are always ready to seize upon the death of a prominent pitizen as a peg on which to hang the humbug prepared by them for the confiding public, and the latest instance crops up in connection with the terribly sudden death of Sir William Olarke. Already one of the palmistry brood is to the fore with an announcement that “some months since I had the honor of reading the late baronet’s hands, and I warned him,” etc.. Now, anyone who had the ac quaintance of the deceased gentleman will refuse to be gulled into the belief that he was weak enough to consult a palmist. Yet the individual referred to has the audacity to state that he “ paid a professional visit to Sir William’s city residence and there un folded to him-Enough ! No doubt this nicely prepared pill will be swallowed by many people. In fact this appears to .be the pill period. No matter what their colour, there are eager mouths waiting to swallow them. It may interest you to know that the orders received by the Melbourne florists for decorations in connection with Sir. William Olarke’s funeral ex ceeded £600 in value. - My informant is the manager of the establishment which supplied some of the hansomest designs. I hope the socialists in our midst won't seize upon this fact as a subject to harangue upon now when A the winter wind is keen. J| Mr Justice a’Beckett has mitVod a good many marriage knots in the Divorce Court during the last few days, and th>>re are more to come before him. One of the co-respondents was stated to be a member ot a certain metropoli tan church, whose pastor holds ad vanced views. What a naughty old gentleman—not the pastor, the co respondent. While the confiding hus band was absent from home he used to sing hymns to his wife. Of course there was other evidence against the singer. I must tell you that in one. of the cases to be tried shortly the co respondent is the resident consul in Melbourne for a powerful nation. Now that the Supreme Court of New South Wales has followed the decision given in England by five judges sitting in the Queen’s Bench division, namely, that cash betting on racecourses is illegal, we may look for a prosecution with the object of testing the question so far as this colony is concerned. It is not to be expected that a matter of of such importance to all the colonies will be allowed to rest without an appeal to the Privy Council, but cer tainly the odds, according to present appearances,, are against the book makers. We have not yet heard what followed the English decision. Did the “bookies ” in the mother land close up their bags meekly, and cease to roar out “ Three to one bar nine,-’ I wonder ? Fancy Cup Day at Flemington without the presence of the gentry whose noses, as Marcus Olarke once said, “cast deep shadows on the sward ” ! More than half the pleasure of the race meeting would be gone if the privilege were taken from us of dropping gold pieces into the bags of the innocents, who throw up their arms and gnash their teeth whenever a first favorite gets home in a big event. By the way, this is the time for the supporters of the totalisator to array their-forces. We want the machine, bookmaker or no bookmaker, and an additional argu ment in favor of it is the English ruling that, cash betting on race courses is illegal. And talking about betting, I am reminded of an interesting case in con nection with Chinese lotteries which was heard here the other day. A Chinaman, who had invested sixpence in one of these lottery “banks” sued a fellow countryman for its recovery, and he alleged that he had been swindled out of money legitimately won at the game. Of course the evidence was contradictory, and the Bench dismissed the complaint. How is it that the police permit these Chinese swindles to flourish in Melbourne? There are at the present time six “ banks ” “ drawn ” in the heart of the city every day, and any Saturday night several hundreds of men and women may be seen investing portions of their earnings in the Little Bourke Street, Years ago the game was played fairly, according to Chinese ideas of fairness, odds of twenty to one being laid when they should have been ten times as many, but now the poor player hasn’t a ghost or a show of winning, the wily Chinee having found out a way of in* creasing the odds of millions to billions,, against the investor securing the maximum number of marks on his ticket, and proportionately so down to the minimum number. The detective police knows all about the matter but they are silent. This wink ing at the Chinese lotteries on the part of the authorities, is one of the blackest spots in the black side .of Melbourne life. We all understand why it is the policy of a licensed victualler to be on the best of terms with the policeman in his neighbourhood, but we didn’t know until the other day that the friendship went to the extent of placing bottles of grog in the water trough for the use of constableX in the small hours of the morning. This is — what the licensee of a city house told the bench last week when she was proceeded against for Sunday trading “The general practice is,” she said, “ to leave a bottle or two in the right of-way for the police, hut the water trough is safer.” A well-known dip somaniac has been searching the= water-troughs in the suburbs, nightly, ' since he heard of the woman’s state ment in court, but I cannot say with what success. The police agaiu 1 Aa imposter was before the city court th.e other day for “ personating the Vic torian police force,” and the evidence against him was that he dra’jjj two glasses of beer at an hotel, anq when asked for payment, replied, <<i>m a con. stable. Members of the, force never pay for drinks.” Ar^ these state ments true, Mr Chom) 0y 1 Fancy a prisoner upon whom the judge was about to pass sentence, say ing, “ I’m a bad l'ofc your Honor, and I shall consider Tjjygglf lucky if you let me off with te'.i years this time.” This was what a wen known Melbournecrimi na^ ^id *n Sydney last week after he had pleaded rguilty to several charges of robbery, The judge accepted the sug gestion an(j sentenced him to the perio d stated. Mark, the prisoner a’t pump up tears, and plead— many of his class do when the gaol walls are closing around them—that he did not have a fair chance in life’s battle. No, he had the honesty to ad mit that he was a very black sheep, and that he deserved long imprison ment. There is some hope for that man yet. This sets me thinking about the gentleman who had the courage to tell I a Melbourne audience a few nights Bince that he was a reformed drunkard. Not a pleasant admission to make in the city in which he had passed the greater part of his life. The lecturer expected a crowded house, and his dis appointment- wa9 so great when he saw there were not more than a hundred present, that he lo3t hearten his sub ject, and his discourse fell flat. A few ,of. his boon companions of other days were in the audience, and conr eluding that the chagrin which the lecturer evidently felt at the insigni ficance of the patronage extended to him, would' have the effect of weaken ing his will power; in the cause of total abstinence, they determined upon attacking his organ of firmness im mediately after the lecture was over. Accordingly they surrounded him when he- was leaving the hall, and brought their united pressure to bear on the solicitation to take “just one glass.” It was a mean thing to do, and I am glad to state that he was strong enough to “hold the1 fort’ against his astailant-s. The man has been reclaimed from the gutter by a certain treatment for drunkards. His case is a very interesting one, and I shall watch its course. As the time approaches for the open ing of the Victorian wool sales in the season 1897-8, the question naturally arises—will the long drought have the effect of decreasing the number of bales sent to auction, as compared with ^receding seasons ; and in this .con nection, it may be interesting to point out, that since the sales of 1892-3 up .to the season 1896-7, which closed at the end of February last, the yearly quantity of wool sold in the Victorian market has not varied to a larger ex tent than about eight thousand bales. The squatting interest, as we all know, has experienced some sharp reverses during recent years, and the drought already referred to is perhaps the severest of them all; but some con solation is to be found in the latest cables respecting the London wool market, which record a hardening ten dency in prices. The number of bales sold in the Victorian market in the season 1896-7 was about 315,000, of which Messrs Younghusband and Co. Proprietary Ltd., dealt with a larger proportion than fell to their house during any year since it was estab lished. In anticipation of a further extension of business, considerable al terations to their premises are now in progress, at a cost of £7,500. The present building in Bourke-street is being extended right through to Little Bourke-street, by the erection of a substantial bluestone and brick struc ture of three stories, which will add to the storage accommodation fully 45,050 square'feet, bringing up the total area to 78;000 feet. Two extra' lifts are provided for in the plan of improve ments, and -considerable additions are, to' be made to. the offices. When completed in about four months’ time, the premises of Younghusband and Co. Proprietary Ltd, will be one of the most perfect in Melbourne, and the storage accommodation will be ns extensive as any to bo found in the metropolis. A special feature in connection with the alterations will be the wool show-rooms, covering a space of 317 feet x 66 feet, perfectly lighted and ventilated, and which, on completion, will compare favorably with' any in the Australian colonies. Hithcrtp;tbe .accommodation possessed by tli^Company has proved inadequate, and has been the cause of cheeking the full development of their business, which now, under. the altered circum stances, will no doubt continue to in crease at a more rapid rate than here tofore. 