WONDERFUL WOMAN; OR, thE dangerfield mystery. bT 3JBS HAr AGNES FLEMING..: »ntbor of "Wed. Yet No Wife," "Korinę," ' Baronet's Bride," Etc. CHAPTER XI.—(Continued.) ..Bit down," he said, impatiently ehlftin-away from lier glance, "and don't Sjreii, that way. chili I don't eup- 51, U'« anvthing to be alarmed about, think T ought to telL You're 10 be married, and you ought to tj,™ the burden and the secrecy trill be off nn- conscience, and you can ,u him or not. as you please. That * a. be vour affair, and, if he deserts He stopped again. again Pressed his hand bard over his forehead, th0Ugh the thread of his ideas had broken- "There is someMiin^. queer the matter with my head." be half mutterea; "I don't seem able to talk or think somehow to-night." .Then I wouldn't try,- papa,"" ^Catherine interrupted, more ^aiiS mbre alarmed; "you are looking dreadfully. Let me ring for Francois to see you. and gend f»r tbe doctor. I am sure you are not fit to be up." "Ńo, no—don't send—at least, not yet. I lfave made up my mind to-night, and. <f I don't tell you now, I may never summon courage again. Tou ought to iajoB", child—you ought to know. You are not safe for an hour. It is like living a lighted mine- until that woman "' s dead. You ought to tell Mm —that lelloir-Danifee, you know. If ]i- deserts you. as 1 said, better to do it"l-etore the wedding-day than after. I know it is the money he -wants; I Łnore he's a coward. and a humbug, and a fortune-hunter, and it may be the creates: mercy for you, child, if he does leave you before tlie wedding-day. " Kathcrine started to her feet. •Papa." she cried, passionately, "this is'too bad—too cruel! I thought you Kere never going to speak against Gasten again: you told me you would not. Surely he has done nothing to deserve it. Tii? day week is my wedding-day, and you talk of his deserting me. Papa, if such a tiling happened—could happen— 1 would kill myself—I tell you I would! I would never survive such disgrace!" He sank into a chair in a dazed, helpleff son of way. -What shall I do ?" he said, wearily: "whit shall I do " If I had only told her years and years ago! Now it is too iatf"." She stood and looked at him, pale uiih wonder and vague alarm. • ToSii me what ? Is it the secret tiat Mrs Vavasor holds ? Why not tell IK. then V Whatever it is, I can bear it: I can bear anything except your lai'J words of Gaston—your talk of his deseninf me. Tell me, my father: I'm not a ehild or a coward. I can bear it, V-lialever it is."' 'Tou think so. but you don't know; you don't know: You hate that woman. you are su proud, so proud. You cannot bear poverty, you told me thai:: apd I. what can I d.» ? I cannot save you from " His incoherent words died away; his fceati fell back. Katherine sprang to Lis side with a scream of terror. A n- ollier instant, and she flew to the bell, rinsing a peal that nearly tore it down. Oh! What nas this ? His face had grown purple, his whole form rijrid; what he had feared so long Had befallen at !ast. He was stricken jritli apoplexy. The room filled with frightened servants. After tbe first shock, all -Katharine's !~nses came back. She despatched a man at once to Castleford for the family dottor. Sir John" was conveyed to bed. undressed, and all the restoratives they knew hotv to. use- applied. All in rain. With the dawning of the Christmas Day. the stalwart; old stMier lay before them, breathing stertorously. and quite senseless. Doctor Graves and his assistant, a younpr man, Mr Otis, arrived, and at once pronounced the lit apoplexy. They sent the pale giri :n the lestal dress, the sfciniiijr pearls, and the wild, wide eyes, out of the room, and did their best for tie master of that grand old house. But the}- labored in vain: the long hours wore away, and still Sir John lav rigid and senseless where they at first laid cim. itThite as a spirit, almost as cold, almost as Still, Katherine went up to ber foom. She made no attempt to change ctr dress, to remove her jewels. She had «ned this most indulgent father very aearij-tke possibility that he could be aten from her had never occurred to Only yesterday morning he had w . V th her over the downs, only to night he had sat at the head of his II * 4nierl ained his guests. AnS lay yonder, stark and lifeless— already, for what she knew. tad L C °!! d not rest ' She her room, ™<"P^upand down the long cornot ^cad-she could hear a- ona breathing where she walked. She 1101 r™d '-n-: tears, that relieve other -other girls of her age, rarely Catherine. She felt cold and hSe . ^ dreari) 5" still the great tt^nas! Would those two doctors that door and Iet her to to r h , W bat ^ he toeen trying thi , V '" hat dreadfnI wal jtethat involved her life and which hit so miserable? He had talked ntS Ł°^?rtinsr ller " The wedding »rtdl-rt PORlpon£:a " 0lv - ana postponed sras jt all gomg to end? She shivered in her low-netted ana ^rt- sieeved dress, but it he\4 occurf°/° r a She stood "Olooted out of the oriel window once Was r„ ™ ;nsr was '""eating—ChristanJ Solden, and Of ^ " lht " The first pink rays Sllllled tbe leafed S , . a n d sUde< ^wa Wrol woodland. singers Outside the gates the 'eady: neiv F were blithely chanting al- «ith.™»- lif °—new- joy everywhere a!W „ J lil,lin ' the lord of this T,,;!'^- 'tmi-htjje. itwa5not M death \- trescnViT. -'scntly J" t^Ln ' Tile door "P® 1 ' 3ir and 0,6 paje, keen; face of ' ^Sir t ! hfc assistant - looked out. Hessitf. « has re °oveved consdous- Stóń^ Dangerfield." he said, "and Is for you." T&^H, eaven: "' Catherine's heart m oppression room I- - "eni into me eicK fes S ' and SOft,ł ' ^ tetter, papa?" Once. tor Graves interrupted at J,!!!?!' r ™ ai n ^'ith Sir John, Miss spea^ a i • >ut neither ot ^ ftSen- r-V Danser is for the aeitfmJ," wanl the slightest ^ v e ^ , ? ^ ' ^ tutu™ time, a^r^'t 0f the ®trtcUen man -were fix-" tk Ce^V, feebly to speStalmost convulsively .trcnls " ' b e n t her ear to catch his ." f0r ^werrty-r ' .^J^ea him soothingly aw; darlin e: but s hurry, you know-ell 3G5 ' Ji ^ 1 Tyoo tód '(You will drink this, Sir John," Dr G^v^said, authoritatively, ^ tfck man swailowed the opiate ant with his hand still clasped in KathS tine's, fell asleep. - aUle * ^ i r 0 ^ ? Otis remaln- Katherine kept her vigil by the bedeide. ł ery paie in the sunlight of the new' matched her ^furtl^ell' from his remote eea*. Hers wais a stiik- Ing face, he thought a powerful face— a face full of character. . "That girl will be no common wonan: he thought^'for eood or for evll^e'e destined to wield a powerful influent You don't see euch a face as that mamtunes In life." - The weary moments wore on. The Christmas morning grew brighter and bnghter. Th4 house was still ven-quiet Outside the wintry- sunshine sparing and the trees rattled in the frosty wind. «" atcher iaj" back in her chair, paler with every passing moment, but never offering to stir. How white she was, how weary she looked. The voung doctor's heart went out to her In a'great compassion. 6 "Miss Danger-field, i.ardon me, but you are worn out. -There is no danger nojvand yon may safely trust Sir John to taf carePray fet nje jprevail upon you to go and .lie down." She opened her eyes, and looked at him in some surprise, and with a faint smite. "You are very kind," she said, gentlv, "but I -promised to stay here till he awnke." There was nothing more to be said- Miss Danger-field's tone admitted of no dispute. Mr Otis went back to his seat, and listened to the ticking of the dock, and the sighing of the December wind. It was almost noon -srtien Sir John awoke—much better and quite conscious. His daughter had never stirred. She bent over him the instant his eves opened. "Paj>a, dear, you are better?" "You are here still, Kathie?" he said feebly. "Have you never been to bed at all?" "No, Sir John," Mr Otis interrupted, coming forward; "and I must beg of you to use your influence to send her there. Her long vigil has quite worn her out, but slie would not leave you." She stooped and kissed him. "I will go now. papa. Mr .Otis and Mrs Harrison will stay with you. 1 do feel a little tired, I admit." Sir John's attack seemed but slight, arter all. He kept his bed all nest day, but on the third was alile to'sit up. "And I don't see any necessity, for postponing our wedding. Katherine," Mr Gaston Dantree said, "since by New- Year's Eve Sir John will be almost completely restored." "But he will not be able to drive to the church with me. Gaston," Katherine argued. "Dr Graves will not permit him to leave the house for a fortnight, and, besides, the excitement." ^ "Katherine," her lover interrupted, decidedly, "I will not have our marriage postponed—the most unlucky thing conceivable. H Sir John is not able to go to church at Castleford and give you away, why, Jet us obtain a special license, and have the ceremony here in the house. If the mountain can't c6me to Mahomet, why, Mahomet can go to the mountain. A wedding in the house would be a vast deal pleasanter to my mind than in public at Castleford, with all the people of the parish agape at " the bride- and groom, and all Castleford barracks clanking their -spurred heels and steel scaLbbards. up the aisles, putting us out of countenance.". Katherine laughed. "My dear, bashful Gaston, the first Orne I ever dreamed that anything earthly could put you out of countenance! Well, Til ask papa, and it shall be as he says." Miss Dangerfield did ask papa, and. rather to her surprise, received an almost eager assent. "Yes, yses!|' he said, feverishly. ^"Dantree's light—a postponed marriage is the most unlucky thing on earth. We won't postpone it- Let a special license be obtained front the archbishop, and let it be in the house, as Dantree suggests, since my driving with you" chnrcli is an impossibility. Since it must be done, 'twere well it were done quickly. Let the summer drawing-room be fitted up, and let the ceremony be performed there." Mr Peter Dangerfield had been a daily visitor at Scarswood ever since his uncle's illness—no nephew more devoted, more anxious than he. The baronet listened to his eager inquiries after his health, his son-like anxiety, with a cynical smile. "If I were dead there would be no one beitween him and the title—you understand. I have no doubt Peter is anxious that—X should never recover." "Something's happened to Pete, papa," answered Katherine thoughtfully. "He's got qnite a new way of talking and carrying himself of late. He looks as if some great good fortune had befallen him. Now. what do you suppose it can be?" " "Great good fortune." Sir John repeated, with rather startled face "I think you must be mistaken, Kather- ine. I wonder," very slowly this, "if—if he— has been in communication with Mrs Vavasof since her departure.' For Mrs Vavasor's presence In Castleford was still a profound secret. She had taken lodgings in the remotest and quietest suburb of the town. - She neve; ventured abroad by day, and had assumed an alias. She and Mr Danger field kept tryst in the. evenings, in lonely lanes aiid deserted places, and no one save himself dreamed of her presence. :" Ł But three days now. to .the wedding:, day. and those -three Slew apace. It had .been arranged that since, contrary to all precedent, the marriage was to .be 'performed at Seanenvjod, it should also take place In the evening, to be followed, in the good old-fashioned way, by a supper and a ball, and the bridal party start next day for. the Continent. The hour was fixed for seven, and half the county invited. Sir John's progress towards stiengtiwas very slow. Some .secret anxiety seemed preying on his mind and ke&plng; hiin back. He watched his iaoliseil darling flying up and down stairs, dashing, bright as the snnshiiie Itself, in and .out oif'the, room, singing Jike a skyJark in her^erfect hllss. and tie shrank from the Kght as thongfc it ;gaye'litnj pbSUtre' pain: ",'.. ' '."-'• . "How caii I tell; her." he 'thought; "how can I ever telt Jier.' - And .ret-.1 oughtr-I ought." - ' V Once or twice he feebly made the attempt, but Katherine put him down iramediately in her decided way. .:.-..-.", "Kot p. yiotA now, papa—I vpn't have It.. I.^optt jiwbt to hear.any nąsły-.ju*" noying secrets two days before roy wedding, and iiave my peace of mind disturbed "this iiisagreeBŁle -thirig. let me wail uhitU the honeymoon Is over—Ga^on will . ięe^tóMrM' pit? ,-3BÓ» stai ai'.^fiis^piiwi.a^a '^meai^^jirai^ds,-jrop tmja^qto, ;i-woti'.tłist!en:6o i-our 'inlna jter^ marnagc. * « resist. ĘeŁSi cnt, anS ons on; the eve of an only daughter's marriage, aud i have .greater reason than you dream of to look gloomy. But let It be as you say—let us postpone the evil hour as Ions'as we can." The last day came—the day before New Year's Eve The bride-elect had been busier even than usual all day. IBaatree dined, and spent the evening.- there alone. They were both very grave, very quiet; that long. peaceful.evening," the last of her youth and her iapphiess, neper faded from the girFs memory. The : : DićttiEe.as she saw: it then, .haunted her to her- aying hour — the hig, lamp-lit drawingroom—ier fatlier's quiet figure lying back in his easy chair before the fire—her lover at the piano playing soft, melancholy airs, and she herself nestling in an easy-chair, listening to the music and his whispered wards—the "sweet nothings" of courtship. She followed him out into the grand portico entrance of the house to say good-bye for the last time. The cold, white moon sailed up the azure, the stars were numberless. the trees cast. long, blaci shadows in the irory light. The night air sighed faintly & thę woodland; something in the.stOl, solemn beauty cf the fiijing night Spied the girl's heart with a sense almosrof pain, -"•The sup SKill shifre.to-morrow," Gaston whiśpścea- 'Blessed is the bride that the- sujfshlnei^on.' - Good night, my darling, for the last time." He held her in his armsa. moment—for : the last time. The last time! 'And no foreboding of all that was' so near at hand' came to her as she stood there. The promise of the.nfgfrt did not hol<T good: Mr Dantree's prediction as to .the sunshine was not diestihed) to be fulfilled. The last day of the year dawned cloudy, cold, and overcast. A long lamentable blast soughed up from the sea, the lowlying sky frowned darkly over the black, frost-bound earth. "We're going to have a storm," Sir John remarked; "our guests must reach, us through a tempest this- afternoon." The storm broke at noon—rain, sleet, and roaring wind. Katherine shivered as she listened to the wild whistling of the blast. She, usually the least nervous and superstitious or' all human beings, felt Ettle cold chills creeping over her, as she hearkened to its wintry howls. "It sounds like the cry of a banshee," tjie said; with a shudder,.to Edith Tal- bot. "Such a;wild, black, slfeety, wretched winter day! And last night there was not a eloud in Oie sky!' Edith, do you believe in omens?" "I believe this is a disagreeable day, as it is in the nature of December days to be. an® that you are a nervous little goose for the first time in your Efe. You don't suppose Mr Dan tree is sugar or salt to melt in the rain, or a feather for the wind to blow away. Don't be so restless and fidgety, Kathie or you'll make me as nervous as yonrśelt" The short, dark, winter afternoon dragged on. With the coming of the night the storm seemed to increase. The roar of the winds deepened, the dull thunder of the surf on the shore reached them, the trees waved in the high gale like human things in pain, and the ceaseless sleet lashed the glass. "An awful day for a wedding," even the servants whispered. "No wonder poor Hiss Katherine looks like a ghost." She was pale beyond all the ordinary Pallor of -bridehood—strangely restless, strangely silent. Darkness fell, the whole house was lighted up; flowers bloomed everywhere, as though it had been midsummer; warmth and luxury everywhere within -contrasted with the travail of the dying year. Under the hands of her maid, Katherine sat passive to ali changes. The supreme hour of her life had come, and in every wail of wind," every dash of .frozen rain, she seemed to hear the warning words of her oldnurse: . "False as fair! False as fair." Six o'clock. The rector of Castleford and his curate had arrived. Half-fpast six! The musicians had come, and the earliest of the nuptial guests: the roll of carriages could be heard through the tumult of the storm.. "I wonder if Gaston has arrived?" Katherine said. It was the first time she had spoken for half an hour. Her attendant bridesmaids. live besides Miss Talbot, were all there. The dressing- rooms were bright with fair girls, floating tulle and laces, and fragrant with flowers. Miss Talbot and the French maid were silone with the bride. The last touch had been given to the toilet. The robe of deadwhite, silk swept in its richness far behind, the tall, slim figure looked taller and slimmer " than ever, the virginal orange blossoms crowned the long, lightbrown hair, the bridal veil floated like a mist over all. The last jewel was placed, the last ribbon tied, the last fall of lace arranged: She stood before the mirror, fair, pale, pensive—a bride ready for the altar. Seven o'clock! The Swiss clock, telling the quarters and the hoilr, startled them. Bo w the moments flew—how fast the guests were arriving through the torm. The roll of carriages was almost ncessant now, and lifting her dreamy yes, Katherine repeated her inquiry: "I wonder if Gaston has come?" "•What a question!" cries Miss Talbot. "A bridegroom late, and that bridegroom Mr Dantree, of all men. Of course; he has come, and Is waiting In a fever of impatience down stairs! Ninon, run .and see" ™ "Mademoiselle, liowstrange. Monsieur antree has ,not arrived.. Monseigncur the abbe is ready and waiting—all the uests are assembled, hut, mon i>ien, the' bridegroom Is late" Miss Talbot looked at her friend. Neither, spoke nor moved. The flock of ridesmaids, "a rose-bud garden of girls," came floating in with their misty drapery, thtór soft voices, and subdued laughter. 1 It^was seven o'clock, and the" wetfdinghour. There was a 'iap at the door. Ninon opened it. and old Sir John, white as ashes, and tremhling on Jjls stick, entei^f'-and approached bis daiighler.." . I'^jatherine, Dantree .has not come." " ń '1 Łno«- it. father. Something has wwyii«Ł?t.. r - ... "... , '.." -, -j' : Her'yoice was quite steady, but a^rey, face. V '••Had 'you not better send to Moreeambe?" Eaitii Talbot interposed. "He wasaulte well whenl Jetftthfs morning. Hfcs GeotRe arrived?"- -.-. .. ^•your brotber is here Miss Talbot.",-r "And what.does, lie say?" " r < - "Nothing to the point Before dark Dantree i_eft him to go to his room and ress. ' Your brother -when starti^. for ere sent hIm:w,ordv and found his. -room deserted-. -Taking -sit for granted he wished' to be alone, and had left tor carswood before -him. your, brother aine over at once He was astonished when lie arrived at wot • finaing iiim \- • Ańa then dead-'eilence feir. What did; tweimTrXe-„r^a: ^ri<ialchamber".'bri — * fee^ en, and sUU ftncelb*** . ' tbe^itraiice there v w| the sudden bustle of an arrival. Katherine's heart gave one great bound; and Edith Talbot, unable to endure the suspense, unable to look at her friend's tortured face, turned and ran out of the room. "Wait." she paid. "I will be back in a moment." • \- She : flew down the stairs.. Some one had arrived- 1 -® gentleman—but not Gas-~ ton Dantree The newcomer, pale, breathless, eager, was only Peter Dangerfield; But he might bring news—he looked as though he did. She- was by his aide In a moment, and her hand on his arm. "What is it?" she said. "Has anything haiwened to Mr Dantree?" "Yes, Dangerfield," exclaimed Captain Deverer coming forward. *4As second best man I have a right to know. Shorten the. agony, if possible, and out with it. What's up? The hour is past, and the" bride is waiting. JVheie is the bridegroom?" CHAPTER XII. — THE TEIXIXG -OF THE SECRET. Where was the bridegroom? Gaston | Dantree bade good- bye 10 Katherine Daitgerfieid, and rode down, that i noble avenue ot elms leading to the 1 ponderous gates. His horse's footsteps' rang clear' and sharp through tha still, frosty air. the silveiy mist óf moonlight; -bathed< all things in its ^gaie. iayscic glow. '. He paused aa instant ifftóśk bacis ?re he rode away. What a i;lir domain it •was—what a stately sweep of park, and glade, and^ woodland—fairer than eves- in the pearly, light of the December 1110011. Hon- noble the old house looked, \v5th its turrets, its peaked gables, its massive stack of chimneys. And to-morrow all tills would be his—his—he an outcast, of the New Tori: streets. He laughed sofHy, exnltantly, to him. self, as he turned and rode swiftly away. "It's better to be born locky than rich; it's better to be born handsome than . lucky". A clear completion aiid a set of regular features, a tenor voice and insinuating manners, have done more for me than they do for most men. They have made my fortune Half the men and women in the world are fools at best, and don't know how to tu?e the, gifts with which nature endows them. I was born ra the gutter, brought up in the streets, adopted out of charity, turned out for my shortcomings, to starve, or steal, or go to State prison, \ or—become -She literary hack of a sporting paper, HI-paid and ill-used. And I now—to-morrow Is my wedding-day. and a baronet's daughter, and the: ^heiress of 'eight thousand a year, is to be my bride. Gaston Dantree I congratulate yon again, and still again. You're one of the vers* cleverest fellows I ever knew In the whole course of my life." And then, as Mr Dantree rode over the moonlit high road, he astonished belated wayfarers l>y uplifting hEs voice in melody, so sweet and clear that even tbe sleeping nightingales, had there been any in December, might have awakened to listen and envy. The wheels of the world were greased on their axles for him. A bride, and a fortune, and a life of perpetual pleasure, lay beyond tomorrow's sunrise. There was only one thorn in. all his bed of roses—Marie "If she should come, after all ! and Satan himself, I believe can never tell what a woman may do. You may be as certain as that you live she will take one course, and ten to one she takes the direct opposite Ęor Marie de Lansac to pursue any mail, though be sat on the throne of the Ciesars, is"the most unlikely thing on earth, and for that very reason she may* turń up now. If she should appear to-morrow, and forbid the marriage! Such things happen sometimes. Or, If she should turn up a year hence, and proclaim my secret and her wrongs! And bigamy's a devilish ugly word!" The shadow of the avenger pursued Mr Dantree into dreamland. His visions this ante-nuptial night were all dark and ominous. He fell asleep, to see the face -of - the woman he feared, dark and menacing; he awoke and fell asleep again, to see It pallid and despairing, wild with woman's utmost woe He started out of bed at last, at some abnormal hour In the dismal dawn, with a curse upon his lips. Sleeping or waking, the face of Marie de Lansac haunted him like an avenging ghost. (To be continued.) 