THE LIVING PEN. I By ADELINE J j WHITFELO. Author of ' Double Ugly,' ' My Lady,' 'Uncle Tnrk,'aud other stories. CllAl'TJSU I. (COKTUSUBD')— EVB. Eve swallowed hcrmortificd pride asfaest she | couM. and comiuenccd again. ' I'm sorry Xj said so much, and what was not true be- | 1 sides.' J ' Did you do so ? That was unwise.' 1 ' 1 would (sooner you scolded me than I tr^at me as you are treating me now,' said 1 Eve with passionate tears in her voice. '?That would be taking a liberty, and heretics must refrain from taking liberties.' u 1 was dreadfully rude,' said the girl i under her breath. Ihev wore nearirig the house, and its grey walls gleamed faintly from witliln the deeper shade of the verandah. '? 1 wished to have a quiet talk this after noon itpouour respective beliefs, but it seems the fates have ruled otherwise,' said the doctor, as they entered the quaint old porch Ho essayed to open the door, but somehow caused oue of the old fashioned bolts to slip, which could only be unfastened from within. ' There is a side entrance to the kitchen, through which we can pass,' said Eve; 'but, , docior, first grant me your forgiveness. PJrose.' She looked up at him appcalingly, her face softened in that glance of pleading. For a niomeut he was thrilled, be bent to wards her, he placed a white hand lightly on her rounded shoulder, then checked him sjlf abruptly, and, turningawav, said lightly: ' You have my full and free forgiveness. Now wc will go in.' Ciiapteb 11.— Db. Clyde is Puzzled. An old woman Eat by the kitchen fire. Herfaca was soar and full of wrinkles, yet nevertheless an inexplicable something in its expreeBion told of better days. She was smokicg— an unwomanly habit, which in itself did not tend to improve her appear ance. She looked np inquisitively as the doctor Hud Eve entered. ' How do you do, madam ?' said Dr. Clyde respectfully, offering the old lady his band. But thu9 apostrophised she dcoliosd to vouchsafe any reply. Presently, knitting her heavy brows, she said harshly : ' Why come ye to dis^nrb my rest J Get ye gone.' ' Husb, anntic,' interposed five hurriedy. ' Pleas* do not talk so to Dr. Clyde.' Auntie knocked a few ashes lightly out of her pipe (a polished wooden omj) and then remarked to the doctor, though not loaklog at him, 'That last stuff you Bent me did a world o1 good. The liniment too — wonderful 1 Made my old boots young again.' ' That is as it should be,' responded Dr. Clyde earnestly. ' Shall I Bee you at all this evening t' 'Tends whether yon seek my company or not,' quoth she, and she dismissed her vhitors by turning her back upon them and resuming her pipe. ' A curions old lady/' observed Dr. Clyde as they entered a locg narrow passage, which led from the kitcben to the ball. ' I would like to know her history. 1b Bhe wedded to the kitchen tire? 1 never see her anywhere else.' ' And I but seldom,' said Eve, drily. ' Do you know,' said the doctor, 11 1 always fancy I sec a resemblance in her to this old honse ? They both seem as if they belong to a period long ago, but now being disinterred by mother earth are compelled to live again. Auntie would do excellently for a reincarnated spirit, don't you think 7' ' I do not like to think of such things.' ' Too great a savor of my creed, 1 cuppose.' ' I — ' Eve hesitated. ' Well. I what t What an amount of ground this bouse covers 1 I have really a positive desire to explore its rambliog passa ges, attic rooms, and secret cupboards. 1 am sure I shouH discover a skeleton lurkiogin some dsrk corner, and hear the wind whistling through its bonee. Or else there would | be the tramp of phantom footsteps, though to bo sure they are nsnaliy opined to be fairjlike in tread,' By this time Eve was trembling. She laid her hand upon her companion's arm. ' What is it ? ' the doctor asked. ' Please don't.' V Please don't.' Well, your request bas the charm of novelty and n-:aiery combined. Why, you are trembling like a leaf.' He put bis arm round her and as suddenly with draw it. ' You make me nervous.' By the light of a small oil lamp which hung in the hall he saw that her face was deathly pale. 11 I know now how to subdue you whAn yo are intractable' be said smiling, 'I shall always keep a private store of ghost stories in readiness.' ' Indeed you must not. Recollect what the frogs slid to tbc boys in the fable— And please to remember,' she added with a mournful little smile, ' that I am in the position of the frogs.' ' Nonsense,' Baid the doctor. ' Nothing wore than a little indigestion.' Bat he noted that the pallor of her face remained unchanged. They {massed through the hall in silence, and then Dr. Clyde hastened to throw open the eittipg-room door f«r his yoqng com panion. As th-- y entered, Mr Anslow rose from his chair and cordially invited the young man to join the group by the fireside. ?'Draw in your chair, Mr Clyde. Come clo9*r to the fire ; the air is very chilly to night. Our oirclc is elastic and can always stretch to find room for you, eir. So draw in your chair.' AmoDg other fragments of -;ld-iart;ioned English courtesy, Mr Anslow had retained the deferential 'sir.' ' You are very kind,' said Dr. Ciyde, with a touch of earnestness in his voice. ' Believe rue I could not desire admission to a plcasanter circlc.' As for Eve, she was already busily eufrnped in setting the table for the oveuinp meal. But presently one of her s^tcrs F&t; down to the piano, and soon the roozs jvas filled with melody— eweet, ancient, prujred music, simple, yet full of a pathos which is seldcui lost upon its hearers And as the doctor listened, apparently screening his face from the fierce heat thrown out by the huge wood fire, hiB eyes followed a youthful figure tripping hither and hither among its fellows with fawn-like gra-?e. Later when tea was over, nnd some had fcough.t the quiet of tho draving-room in which to lead cr v-ritc, while others tc nsscniblr d round the fire. Iir. Clyde asked I permission of Mrs Anslow, a permission j which was readily accorded, to visit her I kitchen in order to learn ot the health of its eccentric occupant. Upon entering the same which stood on a tab'c,£t which Eve and the woman servant wre waaliing ihe tea things; while auntie eat silent jn her porncV by J.be tiri'Sidc, screened from draughts by mean? of a large clothes borec heavily draped. The bfll for evening service was sending forth its silvery peals across the whitened fields as the doctor ct-ocscd the huge old-tashloned latcben and approached auntie's retreat. The ojd woman was no longer smoking ; i leaning ba».-k Id her easy chair, she gax ?d steadfastly into the tij-c, while a Iarga black cat lay motionless in hcv Jap Seeing a slrauger approach, the creature put up his back, flashing his yellow-green eyes, and shewing his teeth in a threatening manner. At the frtnje time a harsh voice said suddenly, 'Go away, cvray.' Dr. Clyde starred. ' Who spoke J' he asi^ed. A burst of laughter, barph a# the voice which preceded it. was his only reply. ' It is only auntie's magpie,' explained Eve. smiling, from where she ^tood. ' Ha J ba 1 ha I 00 away. Go away.' cawe again apparently from the rear of the clothes horse, I Dr. Clyde tried to find it, but the bird I immediately hid, and at that moment the I black cat leaped from the old lady's lap, | propelling itself with some force against the | screen, which it scratched and bit with I demoniac fervor. ' ' Does your cat suffer from fits, ms'am t' Dr. Clyde asked io some wonderment, I ' It is the touch of an evil spirit.' replied I auntie, and she spoke rapidly some words 1 in an unknown tongue, Gaelic tbc doctor thought, and he marvelled at the effect pro Juccd. The pat's upstanding bristles , became smooth, and fehc&tliing; his claws he 1 erupt in a shame-faced manner under the old Ud\'s chair ; whereupon peace was res or^d, an i the doctor made a few gen' ral enqulri s as ir» his patient's health. Presently he looked down et her a little pu^elcd. ' J sm a1, a los* to account Cor your Jack of physical Ftrengih,' he said knitting hiB white brm». WaB it a smilo which fiittod rapidly across the withered features of the old woman as the words met her ear f Dr. Clyde thought it w(-b, and that the pmile was at his expenae. He regarded her curiously for a few moments, and then asked quietly, ' Do yon not find so sedentary a life rerj trying I' Auntie knocked a tew ashes from her pipe— it had grown to be the bablt of hers— before replyla?, and then said deliberately) 11 No, X don't, yon cant cxpect to «ee me rannixig about after the fashion of a girl. Can you ?' 11 Of course not,' answered the dootor in a conciliatory manner, though he was far from satisfied. ** M Go away. Go away,' said the -croaking voice of the magpie from his place of eon cealmcnt. 'Hal hal hal' and the rudo laughter followed as before. ' A clever bird/' Slid the doctor, ' but not an agreeable one.' Eve now approached, saying diffidently, 'You will rejoin ns presently, of course, doctor.' ' Thanks.' 11 Good sight, auntie.' 6be held oat her band, but the old woman did not take it. M Go away, child,' was all she said. 'Go away. Go away,' resom 2d the mag pie, and Eve obediently left the room. The bell had ceased its silvery tone, and the night, which had been clear and starlit, had changed. Rain began to patter softly on the old shingled roof, and beat against the window panes. The maid had retired to her own room, and the large kitchen dimly lit by « solitary candle struck Dr. Clyde as being a lonely place for the aged woman to spend her ereoing io. He turned to her oompassionately, bat she repnlBed him on the instant, and after a few unavailing at tempts at conversation, and egaally ansae oessfal questions relative to her physical condition, the doctor terminated this most unsatisfactory of interviews by proffering his hand, in his tarn meeting with n-t thu slightest response. Some time in the dark hours of thatnight, Dr. Clyde was suddenly aroused by the sonndi of fnotote ns In (hp ftdislnlnir'ViuuirA. Accustomed to being disturbed at any time, he hastily concluded that he was wanted, and rising quickly threw on a few clothes, then opening his tdoor enquired in a volca which the still night air made penetrating, ' Am 1 wanted ?' There was no reply, but a light, appar ently that of a lantern, moved rapidly down the long pis sage. Emerging from big roam, he described a dark figure bearing a lantern, moving with a rapid, though uncertain swaying motion. Once it stumbled and wall nigh fell, bnt recovering itself by an effort opened a door leading to the hall, through which it disappeared. To follow the mrs terious being was his first impnlse. His slippered feet made little noisC) and hastily be traversed the long passage, opened the door at its termination, and silently entered the hall. The night was windy and dark, and the rain, which had continued at inter* vals through the evening, now fell heavily. In the dense gloom which filled the hall it was impossible to see his way, and so, puz zled and a little anxious, he returned to his room, and not being disturbed further was soon asleep. The next day it stHl rained, indeed so' contiuous was the downpour that his friends opined that Dr. Clyde must on no i Account contemplate leaving Sleighton Ridge j before its cessation, and, nothing loth, the! doctor consented to stay another night. All that day it rained, Qand when {evening came, : with no change in the weather, fears were expressed by various members of the family for the safety of the villagers whose cottages were built on low lying ground. For much snow lay on the mountains, which when | melted wonld cause a serious rise and over flow of the river whfch ran by the village,, the probability being that many of the 1 laborers1 humble homes would then be com- ! pletely submerged. ' Poor things,' someone remarked. ' It will be a cruel blow for them if it does happen, ft is so sad to see the result of yeais toll and hardship swept away( and for no earthly sse.' While the villagers 'imminent danger was being dlscusted and deplored, Eve, who for come time had been unusually silent drew aside one of the heavy curtains and gazed fixedly into the blackness of the night. 11 This window commands a remarkably clear and ex'enslve view of the garden 1 observe,' said Dr. Clyde approaohing her. ' 1 presume you to be enjoyirr the same,' he added ironic ally. Eve smiled slightly, 111 1 was thinking of those poor people,' she siid, ' I fear that that will not be of much avail as regards their safety,' said the doctor lightly. u But if they have our prayors ?' 'In that case their exemption from peril is assured. What is the saying—' A seraph may pray for a sinner, but a sinner mast pray for himself V But that reminds me of a good story I heard the other day, and— herein Ueth its great charm— I believe it to be perfectly true. It was dQrlug a dreadful storm upon the high seas that the captaia of a vessel, over whose dccks the huge waves were breaking, thought it hU duty to warn bis paBsengtrs and orew of their impsndiag fate. Holding on for dear life, he shouted hoaisely, 1 If anyone wants to say a prayer let him lose no time, for another sea like that will send ns into eternity.' Then it was that one of the passengers, an Impulsive, nervous yonng man, bewailed the faot that he knew no prayer, and bitterly reproachcd bis parents for having taught him nose. I Suddenly he exclaimed : ' But I know a ' grace 1 That's all I know, and Til say it.' ; He tell on his kuecs, and, there being a lull in the storm at that moment, his invocation was clearly audible. 1 For what we are aoooc to receive, ttoe Jjord make n« truly thankful/ Despite their awful perili the captain's sense ot the humorous was bo tickled that he laughed till he almost fell overboard.' And then the doctor joined in the burst of laughter whioh filled the room. But Eve barely smilod. ' I think the poor man Ib sadly in need of pity,' she said. ' You take — excuse me, but yon take life too ser:ons1y, Miss Eve,' Dr. Clyde remarked in a low tone. Sh? crimsoned, but turned away wi'hout replying. That night the doctor was again aroused by shuffling feet in the passage. Quickly bst quietly he arose, and clad in a dresBlug gown proceeded to investigate the matter. Pausing to listen carefully he detected soundof footsteps dying away in an opposi'e direction to i hat taken by the mysterious being the night before, but there was na appear ance of a light. It was such a wild, gUBty night, rain coming at intervals in a violent rush, casements rattling and frogs croakiog dismally, that amid all these sounds, but for bis previous experience, Dr, Clyde would probably have considered himself mistaken. As it was he again retired bsfflad and some what perturbed. The following day it continued to rain, and then from the windows on the upper floor It could be seen that the river was rising rapidly, rendering it necessary for the young men to ride round the swamps ]-'§t the safety of the stock should he imperilled. For it was not unusual at a time of high flood for the lowlaudn of Sleigbton Ridge to be entirely covered with water,:'aod then Bad appertain Vcs the fate of any luckless sheep which tyatf ^n^ittiDgly allowed 'them selves to bepoqie scrroRudted.' 'Rendered stapid by fear they tonally refuse ft) swim, ending by taking a fatal plunge into the current, where they are quickly drowned, and in this manner manv farmers who pasture their flocks near the river suffer serious less. The old oourtyard at 6leighton Ridge was constructed at tbe same time as the bou*e itself, which it must be remembered was built in the days of terror, when it wa« no uncommon occurrence for outlying home steads to be attacked by either bushrangers or hostile ratives, or to suffer a su-iden rising In rebellion of the convict servants. Thus it possessed a' somewhat gleomy and gaol like appearance',' bejpg bounded on three (We* by high tijrj^k waJlB, while tfyt 0f the Ij'ovse m$de Q?e 'fonrfh; the' ^ide entrance commanded by ^-q faijge irqnclad ' d^qrs, into one of whioh was let » im^ll door for the convenient of foot passengers. The sound of a horse's feet qq the stone paving rang loudly upon the night air, rendered more distinct by the momentary lulling of tbe storm- Then came a voice, loud and a little peremptory : ' Is anyone awake t' 'Yes. What do yon want?' came in answer from tbe dormer-window of one of the attic Toomi. ' The flood's out, and the folks on tbe flatshev' got tbeir places half full o' water.' ' What is being done ?' 'Got the boats out, but there ain't half enough as knows how to row 'em.' VRSgbt, We'll be there,' and Harvsv An6low proceeded le dress with speed, while the honeman, giving vent jio a grunf. of satis [faction]' clattered away. £To jjb CoKfiKtJED Next Wednesday.) 