[?] : - — COMPOUND CONCENTRA TIONS. The new gloves used in the Maogowan- Hegarty eooteet weighed 4oz., and were the production of Mr.Tom Shemn, of GbUingwood. The principals are satisfied Hurt they were the beet eat of glovee that they had ever worn. Wednesday, 6th October, has been eet ' apart for the annual sports meeting at Lasneeoorie. A programme embracing horse, trioyele, and foot racing haa (teen foamed. The nomination list will close on 18th September. Bare Jem Mace I He is ready to box Hike Donovan for a side bet of £500, or as much more as he can . find. Fancy two men, whose united ages would make up from 120 to 110 years, boxing five (or six) rounds for prize money amounting to £1000. Percy Cavill has achieved further meritorious performances in England. At Manchester on 25th inst: he won a half-mile handicap, with lOseo start, in front of the English swimmer, Derby shire. The time, 13min lOsec, was a record for the event. On the previous day, at Skegness; Gavill defeated Derby shire end three, others for tile Quarter- mile Amateur Saltwater Championship. The time occupied in the journey was 6min SOsec. Jack Hellings, another noted natatorial " artist " of' the mother colony at present in England, has entered for jLOOydfi smitomxng championship of Bogland, to be decided on 2nd October. The big match between Knttal) and Ernie Cavill will take place to-morrow Week. Apropos to the Griffo-Byen bout, our „ Amerioan correspondent makes the following allusion: — " The irrepressible ex-' Book's ' pet, young Grifto, has been raising aheol here (New York) since hiB release. Hog fat, and foil of 'jig-water,' he went up against a mixed-aler known as Ryan recently at Brooklyn, and ' stopped ' in the third round, exclaiming, ' Got blin' me, oi can't foight ; give the guy the decision,' whioh web done, amid loud hisses and cries of ' You're a quitter I' I (Nick Long) know of no boxer in America — and I come pretty near knowing them all — that stands a ghost of a show with Albert Griffiths, Esq. His earning capacity, too, is Bimply enormous, but he is fleeoed by 'ye American managers 1' " The American correspondent of the "Sporting Life" enters an emphatic .protest against the reoord of Bacon supplanting that of Bonis Bennet, or, as he is better known, Deerfoot. Yon have, he says, but to consider the conditions oi the two competitions to arrive at the oonelasion that, like present-day bicycle records, the one does not necessarily snp- plant file other. The races differ very materially, in that Deerfoot'e was made in a race against competitors, with ail the odds against him of having to run out- side his men. In Bacon's attempt he ran bnt the hour, while Deerfoot was going on for twelve miles, and Bacon had epeeial pacing with wind-guarding bybioyclers. Let Baeon'e record stand by ell means, but do not ask those who mow what Deerfoot did to accept Bacon's as equal in point of merit, or a race of a similar description. It would be as proper to put the Orowcatober's Newmarket mile as the best on reoord for a mile. There are not bo many men who can talk abont Deerfoot and his times, and perhaps there is not so muoh feeling for men of the pact as for those of the present day, so Bacon's presence may carry the. day and wipe ont Deer- foot's record. In a two-mile walking handicap st the Putney Velodrome, on 12th July, W. J. Stmgess, the amatenr champion, created a new amateur world's reoord, covering the distance in 13min 24 l-5th sec. The previous best amateur was 13min 33 3-5th sec, also made by Star- gees. The well-known diver, Tommy Burns, who has safely performed many danger- one feats, having plunged from many of the London bridges, as well as on the Forth Bridge, and once dived into the Thames from a train as it was passing over Barnes Bridge, met his death on 6th Jnly in simply diving from the pier at Bhyl. An eye witness says that be he was going down he turned in the air and fell on his back into the water, He did not sink, and the tide carried him a little towards the bathing vans and then back again towards the pier. Two gentlemen then I stripped, and, entering the water, reoovered the body. Borne had then been in the water from five to ten minutes. No one saw any movement as of life after he foil into the sea. The uncle of Michael Eerwin, who swooned away and died after being beaten in a boxing mateh at Birming ham, Believes the result broke the lad'e heart. "He was so confident of win ning," he Baid, " that he staked the loser's end of the purse on the result. He got np and went to his corner at the conclusion of the contest, and asked, ' Have I lost ?' The anewer was, ' Yes,' and on hearing it Eerwin swooned. Had he won the lad would be all right now. He was confident of euccess, and all the youths in the place where he worked were with him. Defeat broke ' his heart." Eirwin was boxing Joseph Williams for the 6st 71b Championship of England. Pedlar Palmer, of England, holder of the bantam-weight championship of the world, and Solly Smith, of America, hare been matched to battle ot 8st 41b for £600 on ISth October. The match will eventuate at the National Sporting Club, England. The upheaval of virtuous (?) indig nation against boxing in New York has quieted down a bit, and the jackal scribes of " yellow " journalism are (writes our American correspondent) commencing to realise, as well as the proprietors of these venal organs do. that it doesn't pay— and you know in .America that is the potent lever— I mean money. The public are dissatis fied with the actions ot the so-called reform (?) party now in power, and will surely oust them at the coming elections. This means the passage of a boxing bill, with no loop holes, and good times for the genus pug. is sure to follow. This temporary estoppel is the aftermath of the Sbarirey-Malier robbery. Our correspondent writes Fran- W cis Patrick Slavin and his manager, Boyle, are no longer residents at the Golden Gate. Slavin Is a whole- souled. liberal fellow, but he wis doubled up with one of the octupus kind. He'll find him out ere he leaves Alaska. 