A MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. On Thunrsday afternoon, our representative made his way te the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Ho was discovered nursing a two year-old baby and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalesence.. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: "You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How longwere you suffering?" " Well, twelve months ago I got no bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Chrietmas,I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Sin-e the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' " What were the symptoms ?" 'Simply indescribable,The pains were some thiing terrible. They were just about' as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were catting my bones in two in every part, of ne; I had no control over my howelsor bladder, and'was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd 'March IastI saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable -Institulionn." 'I Did you make use of the order?"' "No; I came home and went to bad,; aud have been pretty well in bed ever since: Five weeks ago could' not:walki acr6Apthe' flier in fact, I coutd not get out 'of efbbd'I felt then it was all over wvith me, and only a question of days vhen I would give the ghost. liy doctor was· attending 1 m. antdid all he could by opium' and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for fire or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomnotor ataxy. a discase.of the spinal cord, chiarac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I- might never gt' the use of my legs. '(Just tsen thc' patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will graspata straw, I.graspemd at an idea conveyed by the advertisient describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the "Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' 'Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent fora box. The effect. was as marvellous as it was nagical. I wa able to eat and sleep as thoiugh nothing was the matter with me. It was- the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. Iimmediately left-the bed and was able to move about.. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during tlhe past four weeks, and am now takidg the fifth box.' 'I can walkadout about with the aid of a stick andam gradually, but surely, recovering my health. You see "those crutches there! They are perfecty new, and I have never used them- They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, botI was too weak to sse them. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." A friend who called in at this point said thiat.Tarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnighb previously. " Ican now." continued .Tarvis ",have a cold hath,and :all tihe feeling has comae back ininmylegs. if IIkeep on psing the way' I am. I Ihope toJ be able' to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pinkof health and strength to work at that trade. Iam better to-day than .I have been at any time during the past five years, i .I ascribe all the.. change and benefi6 to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel.like a new man. On the mantelpieces there is box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave sme to deaden tihe excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no loner need them Every body who knows me Ihas been amazed at the change in me. They can Ihardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused 'quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and'it confirms what is this in all the chief news papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotoratary, partial naralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from, an im poverished state of the blood, such anemia, palenand sallow complexrion,'general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. lir. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor party in the N. S. W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connuection with the remarkable case of Thomas -Jarvis. 'Mr M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis froni infancy. He also knew that be had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney. Hospital, as his case had been pronouinced incurable. Mr. It Gowen was, therefore like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete rocovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink. Pils are obtainable from all leading chemists, or fromnt the Dr. Williams MedicineaCoy., Queen's Place; Sydney, who will foward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order 1 box for 2s Id, or :4 dozen for 14s 9d.1 . ·,e : 