\--- -;I.L ,- G.LADYS;'"?.. S-IA ROMANCE OF THE 8PRING TIME. \---o:- BY 3I. I. . B. PART L A lovely morning in spring, when you seem to see the trees growing and the flowers opening to the sun-all nature is , so bright around that you always feel a reflection of its warmth in your heart, and e acig of thanksgiving rises lo your lip', for the fact of life, and the blessing of good health to enjoy it. A garden lies beforo son, sloping grad g aiy to the river, and filled with all the i sweetest perfumes of bud and blossom an old- fashioned garden-where the Lent lilieatbnt their graceful heads, and the .mll?rmisi shared the honors with \- ý0nthty-roses. , ipretlty house, of the cottage type, * Ihnglbuill withplenty of space at com. kd; and.showing outhouses and stabling to itesrfer, bespoke the inhabitants to be sufficiently blessed with this world's goods I to live.in comfort, at any rate, if not in absolute luxury. Seated under a spreading sycamore, with some dainty embroidery in her hand, was a girl of durpassing grace and beauty ; oneglance at the ,pure oval.of her face, \- at thi deep gray of her eyes, and the .: golden browh of her hair, " sunning over . with curls," to say nothing of her supple figure and taper hands and fee-, and you would not feel surprised to hear, what was indeed a fact, that Deatrice Conway had been."the beauty,"par excellence, of the Sist three seasm.n. There was, hownver, a tinge of melan eholy in the wistful droop of herrosy lips, which suggested the fact, that though an, heiress, as well as a beauty, she was not. " entirely happy or free from care. Flitting about from shrub to bush, and from bleanom to berry. as fancy aloer+ Sd orated, and gradually filling the basket she crriede in her hand with all the spoils.of the garden, was another ~irl. The two were much al ke, but this ane was younger, brighter, fairer, and evi Sdently happier than her osain, for such was the degree of relationship between the two, Beatrice, the elder cousin. was the owner of. the pretty cottags. where alsoe dwelt her aunt and cousin Glades. An almoui sisterly affection existed between the two girls. h.d 1 ;p to the present moses ty G'ad-s had been the chief spokeswom.m, but thle eon vercation had been somenhat'desultory and intermopted, owing to the fact that \- she always found it difficult to remain long inone place, and gathe-ing fowera I afforded a splendid exercise for perpetual t motion. Now, however,, shs'came and aettled herself on the gan at her cousin's feet, and with a little sigh of content began to arange her spoils. " l SBeatrice continued the onrereation as I if no interruption had taken place. I "It is all very fine for you to talk, SGladys, just bmcause you happen to bea \- engaged to the beat fellow in the world- -' the best 'catch' of the enason-a hand. some man, and one who, beside all those I advantages, is as madly in love with you, I little cousin, as if these were the days of ehivalry, and you were an enchanted t princea ina moated castle. Hehas onlyu one serious fault that I know of, and "ther e'o odanying that he is frightfully, anrean?aobly jesloluus," "It's the only thing that prevents our i love story being as common-place as a cook's er a housemaids," pouted Gladyas " but 1 am always hoping that something may turn op to arouse his jealause, but you know," confidentially, and with a i * quaint little sigh, "I'm so dreadfully in love with him, that I don't think it ever can, for, Beatrice, I'm sure I could never give him even the slightest cause--" "Oh, jealous people don't wait for cause," interrupted her cousin; "but I ruat you will never find this out, Gladys." " deon't mean to deny that I'm a very lucky girl," continued Wlady's, an if she had not heard, or, at any rate, heeded the Interrupton, and holding up a bunch of creamy roses to see how they harmonised with her cousin's dress, and fastening them in her brooch in a kind of paren thesis, "or that Claude isnot the best and dearest fellow in the world, beside being, Iknow. quite too good for m; but I am sure, Trizy," coaxingly looking up into the elder girl's face to try to get her to agree, "it would have been much wiser and mueh more romantic if he had hap. pened to te an n artist, and wo velveteen nsat, and-" "Yea," laughingly, "yes, my dear cos, much more romantic, but not one-half so convenient. It was because my lover, Denitl de Lisle, was poor, that Aunt Otheiae forced me to reject him. Don't ea think. Gladys my doer," epeaking ?"y tenderly, "that the moat romantis surroundings can ever reconcile you to asyg ' good-bye' to one whom you truly love. I shll never forget Denzil, and if only I could see him once again, I could then-die happily." "Nonsese, love," aid Gladys, putting her arms round her cousin, and kissing her affectionately, "don't talk about dying in this glorious weather; let's think of something happy and bright, like the sun shine," gathering all the flowers into a big bunch. "Claude said he'd be down about twelve, and take nas both p the rivar sh tag. Yes, Trix, as you say, I'ma lucky gi, and, after hearing your sad romance, I don't think I shall ever wantone of my. wn ; but,still, you must allow that poverty-mind, poverty without ragse, I distinctly object. to rags- poverty is an much more romantic than having all the luxuries of life and a few over. , "hfy dear Gladys, I trust you will "alays have them ; you were made for the sunshine. I c,n't imagine you with agreat sorrow, or even a great love, although doubtless you'll go through life quite re spectably without either." Thia wasu msaid in a joking manner, but when Beatrice iaw the rosebud mouth be ginning to pout and the brown eyes fill with tere, she drew her cousin tenderly to her ide, and fimnhed in quit s aseriots "Gladys, darling, whenever I look at yoor bright face and think of your happi ness, I always feel so thankful you are able to marry the first man you ever eared for, who is in every way worthy of you · you musn'tmindme, dear. You willuoder stand now why I am eametimes sad and melancholy. Iam going into the house; shall I bring your hat, dear 1 " "Yen, or asunshade, or somethine to keep one from being burnt black us a "That wouldn't he at s I romantis, would it, Glady's ~" " No," with a merry laugh, "not at all ; and I don't think Claude would like a blackamoor fora wite, dear Triay," watch ing the graceful igoure till she disappeared into the cottage. "Well I don't wonder at men falling in loae with Beatrice, I should myself; it's quite a delight to me to watel her ?tc, and Ilb not a man,.er I suppos it would be inoreso. r'ali prod [ be her cousin, and for people to pretend that ( they see a family likeness between us is I certainly very amusing. I woulddo any. thing in the world for her-only I'm a awfully glad Claude didn't like her beet, because I don't think I could give him up, c even to Beatrice. But," with a puzzled a look, "if he had liked her best, I don't suppose I should have had anything to do with it. Well," with a shake of the bead, "I don't know anything about that all I know is. that it would break my heart to d part with him. Now, if he had been - poor, I could have proved my devotion by-" , But the rest of her meditations were cut short by a hand being laid over her eyes. With a little shlriek of pretended dismay, in Gladys jumped up, scattering her flowers, t to rightand left. Jter face looked very rosy as she has.lly released herself and t stooped to pict up the blossoms, exclaim- b ing in tragic tmes,- a "Oh, Claude, how you frightened me I " "Frightened you, sweetheart 1 Why, t what aclhnsy lrute I must be. But there, I never mind those flowers, Ladybird, Ill h take good care nobody else .frightens you o while I am bhere." t, Hetook hor in his arms and bestowed a e dozen kisses on her lips. His is a stalwart figure, of six feet one or two, clad in the p lightest of tweed suits. His big blonde I beard and flaxen hair shone like threads of v gold in the sunshine. His blue eves rested a withdeeploveand admiration on the dainty a figure he held in his arms." b After a few minutes given to lover-like demonstration, he seated hinms f on the c grass beneath the shady tree, and drew Gladys down by his side, possessing him self of one small hand. " And now tell me what you were talk- I ing about when I came." e Gladys blushed a sudden fiery red as she t r:ac?lected the wish that was on herlips. I " Talking I Was I talking 7 What did I c say" ." 'Vell. I only heard part of a sentene, it was this ' " could have proven my de' votitn by-"' • i " Oh," with a nervous little laugh, " I 's auppoe I was rehearsing a speech fr our o private theatricals, Claude." "Private theatricals, indeed ILNowlook here, Gladys," in a very masterful tone, "I wonl't Iave you talking aboutyourde. I votion-to any other fellow but me. How. ' do I know if yon talk about it but what v you may feel it, and then." luguhriously, -f " what is to b,-ce of me 7 No, no,aweet- t heart, talk as much ab.sut devoti,n to me as you please, I am open to as many con fidences on that subject as you like to q make, so fire away, I'm ready."-... • "N onsense. Claude,"said Gladys, laugh- a ing in spite of herself, ' as if one could make love to order, like . dress, ora coat, or boots." "'Well, nonsense or not, private theatri cals are the very mischief, and put non- I sense into girls' heads. I hate all such exhibiticna I" I h' But, Claude, you know its for ab charity, and you know-" " Charity be hanged I Charity, should t begin at home, and I believe its vanity e that makes all you women so ready to ex- a bibit yourselves to be stared atatso much a head, und r the guise of charity. You'd' d think it precious hard lines if you'd got to do it for a living." "Now don't he disagreeable, You know Beatrice has promised, and you know all the places are booked at double t prices to see the lovely Miss Cameron, the beauty of the last three seasons, in t all the latest confections that Worth has k promised to send for the occasion-" " All well and good, if Beatrice likesa to do it, and her aunt, your mother I t mean, sees no objection ; but recollect you are my property now," looking at her with proud possession written on every feature of his handsome, manly face. "And I won't have other fellows staring at you, and talking about you discussing you as if you were a piece of statuary, or, the last new picture. Now I don't look so disappointed, darling ; I I can't bear to see that dew on my rose," kissing away the tears which rolled down her cheeks like twin diamonds. " Listen, Gladys, we'll go for a long ride instead, right away into the glorious country, all alone, by our two selves, instead of being shut in a close, stuffy room. Oh ,my darling," in a low, tender voice. drawing her to him, " you can't think what pain it would be to me to hear my own little love discussed at the clubs as I hear se many other fellows' sisters and sweethearts talked about. I think it would kill me. Ulady's, to and that you had ever had a secret from me. I know I should never forgive you, if I found you had deceived me." He was strangely agitated and spoke strongly on so alight a cause, but Glady's remembered for the first time since their engagement how she had heard in the early days of their acquaintance that Claude Meredith, before he inherited his uncle's wealth, had been jilted by a cer tain lady, and how he had only then re turned from his long sojourn abroad. She, too, was quite in earnest when she an swered him. "Deceive you, Claude-why, how could S? I loe you too well. Now, don't be silly, sir. I ought to be very cross with you ; you never let me have my own way -not a little bit." " Bcause I know you like having my way best-now confess you de ?" "I shan't confess anything of the kind," said Gladys, perversely. "Ah, but I know you do," with a wise slhake of the head. " Well, of course, if you know, there's no more to be said." "Where's Beatrice I" he lazily inquired, after a slight loverlike pause. " O:, Claude," she continued, in a sor rowful little voice, "she's just been tell ing me the very saddest love story I ever heard; and, what is sadder still, it is I every bit true." " HIcr own '" queried Claude, more in terested in picking the bits of moss from Gladys pink dress, thanin ever so pathetic a story concerning her cousin. "Yes ; that's the reason she has never married, and "-in an awe-struck whisper -"she never intends to be, because she can't forget D-" At this moment a loud ring was heard, at which Claude jumped quickly up from his lazy attitude, and heaved a big sigh. "What a nuisance I I forgot all about it, but Iasked a fellow to come down to day and go fiohing with us-you know dear, it must be awfully dull for Beatrice to watch us spoon, and she's very good to be so little obtrusive, bu, yes sne must feel de trop, at any rate I know she is just one too many, so I thought I would get a fellow to join us, and make a quartette instead of a trio, or rather a couple of duets-don't you think it is a good idea, pet 1'" "Oh, espitall Only it's no good; Beatrice will never love again." "' Well, at antly rate, Denzil will enter tain her ; he's the best fellos in the world \--only came back from India last w:ek. i ra.n up against him in ltond-street last night ; we were delighted to ,,,oet again- we used to be the greatest chums in the world. Denzil and I." "Denzill What a pretty name:; it soun ls strangely familiar," murmured , Gladys. "What's his other name l" "'De Liale-Denil de Lisale. Why, h Gladys, what is the matter '" for Gladys d ad sprang to her feet as if by an electrio d hck, and now stood looking, flusohed and eager, at her tall lover. "What name ? Say it again, Claude," clutching at his arm as he was turning aside. "Denzil de Li-le. Do you know him' hi -this latter in quick, suspicious tones. t " Why, how odd you look 1" t "Do I ?" laqghing nervously. "No, I don't know him-I have heard the name t -nothing more." t " ,-don't understand ; what do you g mean " laying a detaining hand on her a shoulder. "Nothing." disengaging herself, "lot I me go ; I will be back directly. I must d tell Beatrice ;" with which series of words, jerked out one after the other, she fairly took to her heels and ran to the house, leaving Claude looking after her in angry amazement. . He made a step to follow her, but 4 thought better of it, and took out his n cigar case, lit a fusee, and tried to quiet c his impatience with the soothing influence of a picked Havana. The following sen-. tences broke from him between the puffs of his cigar:- f "I never saw Gladys so odd before. I1 Now, if I were a jealous kind of fellow- t I repeat, if I were jealous," this last was I very emphatic, accompanied'by kicking a C small pebble into the river, "I should I swear this was some old lover of hers ; hut it can't be. I'll never believe my Gladys. my little white dove, could so de ceive me." ' Hero he took a quick walk along the miniature terrace which overhung the a river. "No, I don't believe it, and yet, how else account for her sudden agitation at t the mention of Denzil's name 1 it was that which so affected her, Ill swear-ah, here I comes the fellow himself; I'll tackle him ;" going to meet him. " He'sad need a good-looking, quite one's beau ideal of an officer and a gentleman. Ah, my dear c fellow," as the two men met and cordially a 'shook hands, "you ve found ua out. The 3 girls will be very glad to see you. What a jolly day for a row, isn't it1" SYes, grand ; but I'n afraid the fish won't bite ; the sun's too bright.". "Oh, the fish are only an excuse. 1 There's one of the prettiest girls in the world to spoon. Oh, you nee In't shake yourhead and try to look solemn; wait I till you've seen her. 'm sure Mrs. Con- t a- Conway l" interrupted the other man 1 quickly. "Did you say Conway ?" Clade's ace grew omewhat shadowed, as he answered,- "Yes. Doyouknowher?" "I knew Mrs. Conway once-a very pretty girl. Ha she a daghter?" "Oh, yes ;" eagerly.- " Cladys i Is-" " That naine-ib must be the same." f He turned to Claude and holding out his hand, said, "Do you knowlhave searched everywhere for that girl for the last t two years, but have been unable to hear I of her? Lady Catherine Lennox is her aunt." "She was-didn't you know that she is dead But, tell me,old fellow, whatdo you know of Glady's ? Where did you see her? I When?" 'a She is the only woman I ever loved." rejoined the other. "I love her still, I though Heaven knows she treated me scandalously. We were everywhere together for a month. I followed her like her own shadow ; she smiled but on me, though then I was poor and she snubbed others, men who were rich and titled-" "Gladys, are you sure it was Gladys Conway ?" "Sure. Do I know my own face in the glass? Not better than I knew hers. Why, man, though I have not seen her for so long, put but a pencil in my hand, and I will draw her face, feature for fea ture, and line for line, as fair as it was false. She fooled me to the ton of my bent, and 1 was mad enough to think atle loved me, when in the pring sunshine she pressed her lips to mine and told me that nothing but death should part us; and then that very evening to write the cruel words she did, sating'she was already pledged to Hugo "Bankside, that I must forget her; we had been very foolish, but it was essential that she should make a wealthy marriage, I cursed her in my heart, and left London that night, England the next week, and only returned from India the day before I met you in Bond Street. I had just learned that SBankside is still unmarried, and I made up my mind that I would search for Gladys and hear the explanation of the seeming mystery from her lips alone ; and now you tell me that she is here, and still unmarried. Oh, I shall go mad with joy, at the thought of seeing her so soon, with the hope that yet she may be mine. Ah, I felt she could never have been so cruel, so false. I always knew there must have been some strange mistake, some-" "Yes, as you say, there had been some Smstake, but you must ercuseme-so sorry -just recallect a most important engage ment-you will wait here and see her. Gladys, Miss Conway-give that to her, I must be off at once. During these disjointed sentences, Claude had scribbled a few lines in his pcaket-book and then torn out the eaf; he hurriedly folded and handed it to Major de Lisle, who observed, for the first time, the exceeding pallor of his face. "Are you ill, old man? You look as if you hadseen a ghost." "Noy all right, thanks, it's only the shadow "from' the treeis;"-'with a faint laugh ;" see you again soon. Good by." And with quick, decided steps, he was gone. "Really, that is too go ad of him, to make himself scarce like this, good old fellow, but I fncied from a word or two that he dropped the other day, that I was to be introduced this morning to the future Mrs. Meredith, but I suppose I was mistaken. Well, I'm awfully obliged to him, anyhow, to give me a chance of see ing her like this. I wish shewouldcome, and yet, I dread to think of it, if I should be mistaken again. Ah, my darling, I did not know how entirely I loved you till the thought of seeing you again has so unnerved me; but I must not meet her with a gloomy face. Ah, here she comes 1" And the strong man actually trembled with suppressed excitement, but the light footsteps he had heard was onlly Gladys, who felt slightly disconcerted to fliad a stranger there, and no sign of Claude what ever. She advanced, however, in her pretty fluttering way, and held out a tiny hand, which Mlajor de Lisle took and cordiallyprossed, for although this was not the rose, doubtless she had been near her. 's Major de Lisle, I presume ?" said Gladyo, in her bright young voice, and as she spoke, she could not help thinking what a goudlymanthialoverof hercousin's He was tall and Elight, with a well propoutioned and well-built frame, which ioked remarkablyenduring. The facewas thartof amesn whohadthoughtandaufferedi clear olive skin, and waviag dark brown hair,andheavy,droopingmustacho, kindly,' deep brown eyes, that women, little chil dren and animals always trusted at first sight. A clear mellow voice replied to Glady's question, whilst a smiling light came into his dark eyes. " Yes, that is my name. I came here by Claude Meredith's invitation, and now as he has been unexpectedly re-called to town, I must introduce myself. He left this note for Miss Conway." Gladys looked as he felt, truly as tonished, butheld out her for hand th let ter. After a preceptible hesitation it was given to her. She put it into her pocket at once. e" Claude gone-without saying good-by. How strange I You don't know me, Major de Lisle, although you are very familiar with my name. Iam Gladys Conway, the second." He started perceptibly. "Tie Gladys Conway you know Is my co'sin, but you will never see her more. Ah, forgive me," seriously, "I did not mean to alarm you. You will see my cousin almost immediately, hut under an. other name. Oh, how stupid lam I No, she is not married, but has changed her name to Beatrice Cameron. It was a fancy of her godfather's, wholeft her a large fortune on that condition. Strange to say, she told me, only this morning, of her friendship with you three years ago. Of course, I do notknow yourhistory, hut I am quite sure," with a charming smile, "that one whom Gladys loved.must be worth lovl ng."i: .. ... ...... . . , "" "Toll me only one thing; is Gladys still free ?" he pleaded. " As free as air--or rather I should say, as free as a woman can be who is bound up in a love story three years old. She is more lovely, more loving and more loved than ever; but I am persuaded she will never marry-that is, I mean," with a little questioning look at her companion, "she will never marry unless you ask her again. I am certain there must have been some mistake. Do ~eou think I ask in idle curiosity, but for my cousin-for Gladys' sake-I ask you* straightforwardly, why yo' asent her thateruel letter, and beg you to tell me the truNth." She waited in breathless silence, whilst a long sigh escaped him, but he answered her then, with those honest brown eyes looking earnestly into her ten. der ones. SWhy, I could do no other, when she herself wrote that it was all a mistake. that I must forget her, as he was betrothed to Arthur Bankside, on account of his' wealth and position. What could I, the penniless subaltern in an expensive regi ment, reply to such an appeal? Could I hold her to her word so lightly given, or even did I do so, would she consent to be so held ? It almost broke my heart, and totally shattered by belief in woman's dis interestedneass. I left London that night, and England as soon as I could make the exchange. Can you fancy what feelings of Tantalus I had, when the first letters I re ceived from home told me of my ocession to wealth and estates of which till that moment I had never dreamed." " But she-Gladys-never wrote that letter you speak of; it must have been Aunt Kate-Mrs. Lennox. You know she was very proud of Gladys in a way, and had determtned she should make the best match of the season; but Dr. Bankside didn't propose till the day after you left town, and Gladys refused him point blank then, and has kept on refusing him ever since. Of course Aunt Kate was furious, and packLed her off, then and there, back to as, to the old house In Cornwall, where we had lived all our lives, and continued to do no till two years ago, when old Squire Cameron died, and left his god. daughter, Gla lye Conway-your Gladys, you know-ten thousand a year, and his estate in Ayrshire, the only proviso being that Gladys should take the name of his mother- Beatrice-and add thereto his own patronymic of Cameron ; so that is the whole long story told in a few words. I will leave Trix to fill in the de tails; but now-are you not dying to see her? Confessnow,"added thlelight-hearted girl. "Yen. indeed I am ; and can I see her -now-at once" - "Yes you shan'tbe kept waiting long, I will gO at once and find Beatrice and send her to you, Will you come into the house, or see Beatrice here ?" "Here, if she will come." " Iam sure she will ; so, once more, nil desperandum," and with a happy laugh, the girl disappeared. A more serious look flitted across the somewhat sombre face of Major de Lisle, and then a look of hope came into the brown eyes, the thoughts in his brain were too many to remain there unuttered, and came forth in dreamy musings. His musings were broken by a voice speaking just behind him-the one voice in all the world to him. "Gladys told me- Oh, D.nzilI at least." The latter portion of the sentence was spoken in his arms, with her head, as he I had so often dreamed of it, on his breast. One passionate kiss, wherein all the " love and "longing of y are seemed to find expression, and sale lay quite still, with the. tears cursing down her face. In vain Ire tried to kiss them away; but she said to let her weep, it did her good. The paroxysm of weoping soon spent it self, and Beatrice smiled up inlto her I lover's face. - " Now tell me,'" she said, raising her head.a little .from:its resting-place, and clasping one of his brown hatnds in he.r two little white ones. " Now tell ne,. Denzil, how did you-find mei? Whten d:d Syou come ? Why didn't eou coome beforeo, I ae wanted ye.s6 mcii." S" y darling I and I you- all the time. When I received thidt note fruom you-" - "Note ! what notel I never a rit to you I before you wentawayDenzil. Whly suuld It we saw each other every day." "See, darling, this letter, with your monogram on it." "I'never wrote it, Denzil-never," she interrupted. " But how was I toknow that I I had \- never seen your hand wrriting even." S" Oh, Denzil I And after told you how I loved you 1" "'Ah, dearest love, I was mad to doubt you ; but there can be no true love with out jealousy, and did I not know everyte a wold envy me my peail, my flower? When 1 received that cruel note from yOu S--as I then thought-i was stuatesl I broken-hearted, and wentto India at once, and have been there till oi weeks ago- when woas invaslided home." ro nz coaTo c.ED. At al scientific conference in FPe.re. someintermrtins experiments wore m,., -lo i hystericsi patients with drua, rhirt .rr?re. i not actually dministererd, hlt were p'?ced at the back of the patlent' hbaI ansl I were Sused without their knoawledsce. l.'r ti- ce - cireumstanca opium prloueel seep, a'o.;:.l I paralysis of the legs. In women, raonp'tr gave rise to religioos ersacy, and in e -n. eosurlsions. onany drue wer emphl.yr l ra-I alt gave their oharaetelsatic effectr, tho'aeh they were all contained in phiali dr wrapped 