ROUND THE WORLD ON A BICYCLE. A GREAT TOUR BY THREE ENGLISHMEN. STRIKING THROUGH BURMA. (By John Foster Frasor, S. Edward Lunn, and Frank H. Lowe.) LIU. PYUXTAZA (Burma). In every nook in every cranny. Is a flgure of Gautama. An atmosphere of the marvellous hangs over the Shway Dagohn, accentuated now and then by the heavy toll of great lx?lls. Or.e boll. Hie largest In tho world, apart from that ot Moscow, is struck with a wooden mallet by every passer so that the deep solemn peat hardly ever ceases. Huge carvings of exquisite and dainty chisel, ling grace every doorway. Over the lichen-covered walls one sees thu swirl ing. muddy Irrawaddy runnhig away Into misty, distance, hot close nt hand ore the curved pretty lakes around which the English residents go driving and cycling morning and evening. It is a lovely spot, but to nil Buddhists most sacred. Buried far beneath that lofty shrine are actual relics of Gautama —eight hairs! For 2500 years the pagoda has stood on this Thehngoottant Hill, at first Hmall, but each king recaslng It' nnd enlarging It. and many of them covering it with gold. In the last cen tury King Slnbyoo Shin, who turned the scales at 12st. 31b.. had It rcduromtcd wkh his own weight of gold, so that U cost him just £9000. If any mail of I2st. 3lh. weight doubts the accuracy of the amount, nil he hs to do is to stand on a scale and let 0000 sovereigns be balanced against him. We did not cscni>c kindnesses from the people of Rangoon. Mr E. S. Symen. the Chief Secretary to the Government of urma, busied himself In securing us facilities to reach tho Chinese frontier, and one night tlie Rangoon Club enter tained us nt a pleasant dinner, when many things were said about our daring, and warm wishes expressed for our suc cess. Half a dozen Rangoon wheelmen turned out nt six o'clock on the morning of our departure and accompanied us over fifty miles on the way, staying with us at night. Two of them continued on a second day's Journey, but the weather wuh horrible, the way was bad. and periodical wetting to tho skin hardly congenial. It was delightfully pleasant, though the sky was overcast, when we started on our trip through Burma. We were a merry party of nine, and laughter echoed in the thick woods that breasted the roadway many miles., Crowds of Burmese peasants worn encountered trudging towards Rangoon. Sometimes n whole family crowded into a slow- moving nnd creaky bullock cart. The country-folks, instead of !>elug startled out of their wits by the onrush of whizz ing cyclists, were moved to convulsive laughter. Onee we halted at a village an'd got the men with barrel-Inn wooden hnts. and tlie women with fruit baskets, anil the children with their mud pies to jiose for a photographic group. They were a little shy nt first, but when the object had been explained they screwed themselves Into stiff attitudes, and re mained in Hint position for ten minutes while tho apparatus was prepared. But there wuh distinct disappointment tlmt a score of photographs, were not ready right away. So on wo rushed again, and whenever anyone displayed symp toms of thirst there were always luscioun pines to he got a dozen yards off In the jungle, or huge bunches of bananas. We expressed delight nt not bclng-llkuly to have parched mouths In such a loiid. Thereupon tho toddy tree was pointed out to us. We conceived visions of an obliging plant tlmt oozed hot whisky and water. As a matter of fact it was Just an ordinary tree, hut on being tapped it gavn forth a whisky-flavored and Intoxicating liquid. The natives are fond of imbibing. Fo much so (hat they frequently tumble down nnd break their crown. One district magistrate totd us of six deaths in ns many weeks In his own neighborhood from tliis very cause. As one of the party spoke Burmese we got along capitally with the natives. They would Insist, however, on address ing us as their lords, which mlcht have Immmi embarrassing In Piccadilly, hut was amusing In a Burmese Jungle ham let. As cigars are not expensive In tlie land— you get eight for a penny— we scattered seeds of kindness In Ihe shape of chenp cheroots. The greatest com pliment you ran pay a Burmnn Is to hand him your half-smoked cigar, which h<> will suck at in a much delighted state of mind. Tlie inconvenience arises when lie returns tlie compliment. Few of (ho TUtrmnns hnd watches, yet Hicy told the time very accurately. Th»lr cocks crow at sunrise, neon, sunset, nnd midnight, which was vert kind of tliein. On In quiring ilia reason why thrse eastern chanticleers were different from Euro pean emjkrrels, we learnt that whenever the priests got hold of unlawful litera ture and burnt II the local cockerels al ways gobbled the ashes. Thus they acquired certain c.MmlLHo powers, and crowing four times a day was one of, them. And three nfthe cvcllsts that day were contemplating (he dire necessity of tho slaughter of the crowning time pieces In order to provide food when we nulled up at n wayside bungalow and found, by no mean regrettindv. that one of our friends had sent on his gar- vent overnight with hampers of good thincs. And In (he evening when wo finished our day's spin there wna still another servant with more hampers. In the early afternoon we slipped from tho darkened Jungle Into tlie great open sweep of rice or paddy fields Iwfore us. Fnr miles and mllr.n wore stretches of slush. Buffaloes wallowed In It. drag ging rude contrivances to plough the mud. There were no hedges or trees, only slightly raised Ir.nks that did noth ing hut prevent one man's slush from mixing with his neighbor's. A higher raised .bank did duty as read, and niong this we whirled In alngle tile. .Rice, we were informed, grows with hnrdly any labor. This admirably suits the indolent Burman. At haryest-tlme only the cars are slekled off. the strew being burnt to fertilise the kuid( which however, la so rlrh that it nerds not fertilising.- A Burmese farmer pays itaMOsju aert and, u the ifMCt yield Is eighty bushels an acre, and the selling price of l ieu In JLangoon Is ts tid a mauml (SOib), lie ought soon acquire riches. But he Is a squandering. Im provident. happy-go-lucky fellow, and the British rice merchants Arc sharp men of buHtness. learned in all mercan tile cutene?s. Therefore at the end of the harvest John Burman Is by no means so well off as he should be. Still, lie always has a. harvest festival, when he styes bankets of rlco to the priests, and invites the young people of his village to partake his hospitality. And. Just oh at the harvest home In Eng land, It Is a time of real happiness, and love-making ami coquetry. 'Die wcntl- mental t-waln Kings about tho sapphire lakes whore ihe lovely Ictus ever blooms, of the beautiful butterflies and the melodious birds, the odor of the jas mine, nnd the brilliant peacocks and noble white elephants. Then the wag of the village will sing a ridiculous tra vesty of the whole thing! The girls, after due persuasion, also sing, this time love ballads in a «ft, lisping lone, ac companied by swinging of the body and the jutting out of the elbows. And as the night advances there are creepy ghost stories, and the young fellows fail to talking of, their prowess in hunting, and the young girls talk about freeks — indeed, giving proof that human nature In far-off Burma Is Just the same as In England. Hie only difference being in detail. So. dashing along the narrow hank that lay like a wand across tho paddy fields, we began congratulations on the absence of rain. On that point we should have been silent. At the llrst word of congratulation up swung bat talions of black clouds, and when dir ectly over us they opened fire, lu solid sheets tlie rain struck us. Those who owned mackintoshes put them on. Those who did not were ajwedlly splattered with reddish mire. We were stlU twelve miles from J'egu. our destination, and the wet had set In for the night. It was a case of every man for himself and (he devil take (b< hindmost. Wo slithered and spluttered nnd splashed our way. and reached the dak bunga low nt Fegu In odd ones and stray twos, in a desperately flhhy and sodden con dition. but all swearing the ride had been splendid. The actual distance co vered that day was flfty-four miles. But one of our companions sold this was a mistake. He was positive we had conic 119 miles, nnd produced his cyclometer as corroborative testimony. It was mildly hinted tlie cyclometer was wrong. The suggestion was a revolu tion. "Ah!" he sold, "that explains why It Ih that for months past I've secretly prided myself on being tho scorcher of Burma, whereas" — with a sigh — "I'm Juat an ordinary rider after all," At! night it mined, and in the morn ing it was raining; the sky wan full of rain, and the earth was covered with ruin, together with a solution of mud. It wns the 22nd June. Hie Queen's Dia mond Jtibile- Day. and we thought It distinctly unfair that Queen's weather should all be used up at home whilst we. wandering Britishers, had to put up with showers And ah we sauntered about and kicked our heels and whi6tled and waited for the wRthcr to clear up, the Idea struck us that maybe in Eng land they were also having desperate drenching?. The mere thought seemed to ease our trouble. Most of our friends gave the Journey up ab a hid job and went back to Rangoon. Within an hour, of their departure there was a cessation of overhead hostilities. We gol hold of a gaudily clud Burman to lead lis across swotnpH to see the famous reclining flgure of Gautnma. On his advice we took a coolie with us to carry us across the worst parts, or we would have stuck thigh-deep In the mud. It was a nasty uncomfortable journey but tho Image wns worth seeing. It is mnde of brick, half as large ngain ns the Sphinx, tlie face. arms, and feet well modelled. It Is a singular monument, about which, were It within reach, tourists would go mad and have their photographs taken in picnic groups in the open palm. As It is. It lies across a ditch almost hidden by enormous trees, visited rarely even by lite Buddhists themselves. One would think It an admirable place' for contem plation. We called on a couple of yel low robed priests living In n little temple close by, and disturbed their wonted serenity by giving them Egyptian cigar ettes and receiving presents of fruit from them In return. When we got back to I'egu we decided on n start. Our way was through greasy lanes that laughed defiance at our non- slipping Dunlop tyres. We charged threugh popls of water and were soon again splattered from head to foot. Do zens of fanciful temples, witli quaint eaved spires showing over the pl.inta. Hons indicated our approach to villages, which were every three or four miles. Often we dashed to the nearest hut for refuge from threatening downpours. Everybody wn« kind, esjn»clally tlie Chlnumcn, who are almost as thick as the Burmese. There wits no attempt nt lmj>os!Uon such ns we hnd experienced In other countries. If we gave too much for something, chang \v;ot bunded to us. We met one Chtnnman who spoke Eng lish. "Conic with us, John," we said, "we are going to your country, to Shanghai.'' "No fear, sir," he replied, "too muchy Uarney rnln." Therefore we lufd to go on alone, it wan a day of plodding but alow progress ing. frequently along thin strips of trodden truck, so that the nuik Jungle grass scraped our face as we rode. That night we slept in n hut made entirely nf bamboos. The wind howled and Hie rain slushed as we ate with our lingers a bowl of rice cooked by a native. We hud come back to unchiilsation after after several weeks of feting and lionis ing. It. was a dismal Queen's Jubilee day, and tilt we lay down on the floor and sought sleep we passed the time picturlug what Fleet street and the Strand und Regent street were like Just then, and wondered If any of our friends were also wondering what sort of a day we had spent. (Tlie above appeared In n portion of yesterday's issue only.) 