Ghost Stories. The narration of supernatural mysteries has a great fascination for a very large class of people who like to get what they describe as a "comfortable thrill" by the perusal of a story "with something spooky" in it over a cosy fire on a winter's evening. The majority of these readers are apt to be general in their definition of this particular class of literature " Ghost- stories" is sufficiently accurate for many. "Ghostly tales" satisfies the terminological aspirations of others. "Sort of ghost- stories" is a phrase the general expres -siveness of which throws its authors into an ecstasy of scientific nomen- clature. To a person, however, who is accustomed to a more exact habit of thought there is a very wide difference in the list of stories or novels which venture into the limits of the unseen world between those which rely on premises which are not incredible to a very large number of perfectly sane and ordinarily intelligent adults, and those which are only believed by children and ignorant peasants, or, at most, by some few people of more capable intelligence whose, cooler judgment had been overborne by "extraordinary ex- periences." In short, there is a marked distinction between the ordinary ghoststory, which when narrated to an average audienee of so- called "cultivated" people, may or may not be receired as truth in principle or in detail, and the "tale of the super-natural," which no one who has any pretence to cultivation can regard in any other light than as began, continued, and ended in the ignorance and superstition of our ances- tors and perpetuated in a novel merely in order to impart a weird interest to the plot without any intention of inspiring belief in the reader. The ordinary ghost- story may be divided roughly into three classes. There is the narrative which is woven round a permanent spectre or old family legend, the origin of which extends back into remote ages, while its life, as a rule out- lasts those of the dramatic persona. Kingsley introduced this motif in West- ward Ho! when he referred to the legend of the Oxenham family which augurs death from the apparition of a white bird. Dickens in Bleak House makes a skilful use of the story of the Ghost's Walk and a haunting footstep that would be heard, and foreshadowed ruin, disaster, or disgrace to the masters of Chesney Wold. Scott gave a-variant in the form of the lady in the "sacque " who foreboded nothing, but merely pre- vented the permanent occupation of a spare room. Of this type are the novels and short stories which deal with banshees and fetches. Grey Friars and White Ladies, shadows of impending doom and spectral hearses which arrive at dead of night only to melt noiselessly away into thin air. All these manifestations are mere spiritual "forecasts," as it were, of ap- proaching misfortune. Harrison Ains- worth has told us of the Ghost of the Tower which appeared on the eve of an execution. Andrew Lan has made delightful fun of the family ghost and the family legend which attached to Oastle Perilous. The curse which obliges this eldest soil to seek and endeavor to solve the mystery of the secret chamber on attaining his majority will also occur readily as another instance of a type of anecdote which finds thorough acquiescence from many, and is by no means implicitly disbelieved by all the rest. The second subdivision may be devoted to the class of stories which deal with a temporary ghost. This manifestation may take the fotm of an avenging spectre which comes to demand punishment for a crime or to affright the criminals, or of a convict apparition which is condemned to penal servitude in the shape of nightiy re- enactments of the crime,with the burden of continuing even through the dull- season—if spirits are ever dull—until the discovery of the evil and the righting of the wrong Bfrjdl end the "phenomenal run." The spectral pantomime of murder which appeared to the watcher in Lytton's Haunters and. Haunted, the figure of the murdered sailor which fright- ened Sheridan Le Fanu's bride- groom out of his engagement and into his grave, the Phantom Rickshaw with ise very similar record, the Ghost of Hamlet's father, and apparition which appointed a rendezvous with Brutus at Philippi, are all excellent iilustrations of this particular kind of "spook." Very near akin to these is the spectral visitant who "puts in an appearance" once in a way only, select- ing usually the identical moment ,of its "owner's" death or shortly after - pre- sumably for the purpose of delivering a message though the efforts to render. the communication intelligible are often striking of these manifestations in the whole of modern literature is to be found in the account in John Inglesant of how the ghost of John Stafford came to the false and headstrong lung on the night of his execution. The third form of uncanny tale which appeals to the credulity of many is that which attaches a shadow of "bad luck" to some place or object. Kipling tells us of the Bisara of Poree which brought success or ruin according to the way in which it fame into a man's possession. Longfellow has immorta- lised the story of the Luck of Edenhall with which the fortunes of the owners were bound up. To take a more homely instance, readers of Mrs. Henry Wood's novels will remember that, when the cottage in Dene Hollow was pullfed down to make way for the new road, a shadow of bad luck fell over the thoroughfare, and there were accidents on the spot where the eviction had taken place. When we leave the region of ghost stories for that of tales of the supernatural, we reach a very different sphere. No really educated person of the present day believes that it is possible for ordinary human beings to fly on a broomstick, like the ladies in the Lancashire Witches, or to project their unsubstantial appearance away from their bodies so as to really solve the difficulty of appearing in two places at once, as Margrave and Mr. Isaacs' Oriental friend were in the habit of doing. Nor is much credence attached to the performance of the Witob of Vesuvius, the witches in Macbeth the Witch in Eric Brighteyes, or to the effect of incantations of any kind, whether conducted by the wife of Vanderdecken, the Luciferians of X.L., or the German Chela in the Fallen Idol. Still less belief accompanies the perusal of those narratives which cause supernatural beings to appear and behave like men— as a rule, like very inferior men too. Herne the Hunter in his great "Harlequin act" in and about Windsor Castle, is an entertaining figure. Mephistopheles we enjoy at the Lyceum. Car- milla the vampire, Zamiel the fiend, the dead Guancho in the "Yellow Frigate," and the Were-Wolf in the "Flying Dutchman " are all admirably calculated to produce the desirable thrill. The Scarlet Hunter who watches over the dead in the Hills of the Mighty Men is a most delightful addition to the ranks of bogeydom. No one who has read of the White Lady of Avalon can have helped regretting that Scott did not see his way to making her more real, or to leaving her out altogether. But the audience which would believe in any of the above must be woefully rustic. The peasants of Dartmoor may still accept the traditions of the Whish Hounds, but the most uncultivated of London excursionists would hardly be deterred from crossing Windsor Forest by the fear of meeting Herne the Hunter and his unearthly following, and the most nervous mother, in choosing a nurse for her child, would not think it necessary to require references to show that the intended domestic was neither a Vampire nor a Were-Wolf. There is yet another class of tale of the supernatural which still more severely taxes the credulity of the reader, and in fact, owing to its fantastic improbability, is very nearly akin to the Grownup Fairy Tale. The mysteries which astonished the dwellers in the Castle of Otranto are among the older instances of this kind of fiction. More modern illustrations may ba supplied, by four short stories which appeared in maga zines. In one of these there was an account of a terrible straggle between a man land an invisible being of extra- ordinary strength. The second told of a gigantic shadow possessing some faint resemblance to a human form which had the property of extinguishing fires lights and life almost, unless the latter was saved by flight. The third de- picted a dreadful supernatural monster of the sea which haunted the cabin of a passenger steamer and drove its occu-. pants to suicide. The fourth dealt with a lay figure which possessed cer- semi-human and semi-diabolical attributes. There is no attempt in any of those cases to create a miliéu. We are not transported to the Middle Ages, the Hartz Forest, or the wild No Man's Land of the North-West. The scene is a London square, King's Bench Walk in the Temple, the precincts of an Atlantic liner, or an ordinary artist's studio ; the date is the present day, and it in the skill displayed in the treatment which alone prevents the phantasy from becoming ridiculous. fora^ater scheme. A^ie§Bpntpr0lM»gow' 