Gossip. If you had your choice of two evils which would you prefer, to be blind or to be deaf ? A question of that kind sets you to dreaming about the priceless blessings you enjoy, bub never think about. Once, when I was a boy, I was a prisoner in a cell in the Phillipine Islands, with my legs fast in the stocks. As I lay on my back I could see a streak of blue sky above the prison walls, and it filled my heart with a weary longing. It seemed i to me that if I could only get out of I. that jail, and be free to run and jump f and use my limbs, that I would never I grumble at auy of the small ills of life [again. I would endure hunger, or misery of any kind, if I were only free. But when the blessed freedom came I soon forgot the woes of the prison-house, and I grumbled at things I just as other folk do. It's always the I same in this world of ours. When I you are coming back from tbe grave ls yard, where you have laid your R heart's treasure, it seems cruel to see ^people laughing. Ib seems a mockery ij of your woe to see the sun shining and to hear the birds singing, but the old world wags on, heedless of the individual's woe. When a man looses his sight he is cub off, ab one blow, from most of the glory of life. The colors fade out, and the pathway to the grave is reduced to a dead gray. Then he begins to realise the enormously valuable asset he pos sessed in his eyes. Then indeed comes the deep significance of Longfellow's words — ' Dreams of that which cannot die, Bright visions came to me ; As lapped in thought I used to lie ?;? And gaze into the summer sky, t-' When the sailing clouds went by I Like ships upon the sea.' Human eye8 wear out, and the optic machinery, which is so delicate, is liable to get out of order. When people are born blind it is not so bad, because they have never seen the glory of the setting sun, nor of a field of waving grain, nor the sea in its beauty ; but when one is struck blind in tbe midst of life's turmoil the horror thereof is beyond all expression. Some men, like John Milfcon and Henry Fawcetb, have done good work and true, after the . calamity fell upon them, but to most men ib is a total blight, a cessation of life's activities, an end to all that made life worth living. No human being can think too highly of their sight. No care is too greab, no expense is too heavy to retain ib ; yeb how careless we are of our eyes ; how little we think of their priceless value to us, I've seen a man get his eyes pub out; ab the command of an African despot, and the borror of the atrocity made me want to shriek to heaven for help, but — what's the use ? That man, with his dusky skin and magnificent physique, was reduced to a helpless beggar, who had to sib on the corner asking for alms. He accepted his fate as ' the will of Allah,' and bore ib patiently, bub the red, bloody eye-sockets shook me with horror whenever I saw them, and I used to go another way to avoid sneing him. Whab value our eyes are to us, and how little we think of them. Whao set) me to thinking about eyes, was a paragraph I saw the other day from a book called 'Practical Metaphysics.' It was wribteu by an American lady named Mrs. Mills who is an alleged ' metaphysical healer.' She says : ' If the erroneous suggestion comes to you that your sight is failing, do nob entertain it for a moment), any more than you would allow a thief to come into your hous-:. Say, ' No, my sighb can never grow dim ; ib is of God, secure, per manent, increasing.' And nob only say these words, but behave accord ingly. Do not resort to glasses, but put your whole high character against the idea of failure of sight, and fear lessly make use of your eyes.' When I read that, I sat down and wondered. Oan I be such a fool as to think in the way I do think, and yeb this woman be right? I wear glasses myself, necessarily, because I had an accident once, by which I nearly losb one eye. When ib did geb better, it was oub of focus with the other ono, so spectacles were a necessity to bring both eyes into one focus. It was no use me putting my ' whole high character against' that idea, was it? My eyes used to fighb and struggle to adjusb them selves until my bead ached, bub when I got spectacles of different focal powers, ib brought peace to my optic nerves, and the head-ache passed away. Perhaps Mrs. Mills 'would say that my ' character ' was nob high enough to equalise my eyes. If I know myself, and I think I do, I will support her correctness, but add, in self defence, thab I don'b believe anybody else's character is high enough either. But, mind you, there are people who can be inetaphyHcnlly healed. There was an old Admiral who went, into an oculist's shop to get a pair of spectacles, or, rather, a pair of nose pincers [pince-nez you know !), and he tried on a greab lot, but none of them suited him. Ab lasb the oculist, who was a very wise man, gave him a gorgeous pair of gold frames, with no glasses in them at all. The old Admiral looked at the far-off church steeple and said, ' Ah, now you've got them right. Those suit « admirably.' Exactly so. His e e^ were all right. He only required ' metaphysical healing.' He only needed humbugging, and the world is full of such people. My own candid opinion is that one-half, at least., of the ills of life arise from causes that could be conquered by will-power. If you come to figure out the cause of the ' unemployed' and tho 'desti- tute ' you'll find a fearful lot of it, all could have been avoided by good common- sense and force of will. But we lack the sense, and we lack the will, and when a Mr. Mills or a Mrs. Mills comes along with a ' meta physical healing ' business it's a good one, and a very beneficial one, especially to the Mills'. But don't make any mistake about your eyes. Don't go , putting your 'high character ' against the law of optic nerves, or you'll rue it as long as you live. When I see people forcing little children to study at night, in spite of complaints about headaches, T begin to realise thab we don't know much, as a race. Better never let a youngster learn the A. B. 0. till 12 jears old, rather than force them to it when their eyes are bad. You can't have a sound mind unless it's in a sound body, for, as Banjo says— ' Thy health and strength are beyond con fessing, As the only joys that are worth possessing.' But we don'b study our own bodies* We geb on to metaphysical subjects : we discuss everything else except this 11 Temple of the Holy Ghost,' this human body of ours. There are people who thiuk they know all about Federation, but they don'b know a thing about themselves, and that's where they make the mistake. Somebody asked an old squatter when he was going to begin shearing. Said he, ' Ask in the travellers' hut \ they know more aboub it than I do.' There's a lob of people like thab, they know all about everything that doesn't concern them, but they are failures personally. Well, what I wanted to say was this, and I've taken a long time to come to it — mind your eyes, they're precious, acd don't be humbugged with metaphysics. Try an oculist. 