THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our representative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nnrsing a two year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that be waB an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: " You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as 1 was." *' How long were you suffering ?" "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as 1 could bear. They were for all the world'like as if aBaw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. 1 had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd MatcH last I saw a wall-known doctor and hejtold me that my case was utterly hopeless. However,he gave me an order to the Director ot Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the order ?" " No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Fijg weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get oat ot bed, I felt£hen that it was all over with me,-and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My dootor was attending me and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. Ha came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten yncs, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped atanideaconveyedby the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case ofjMiother boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of .a case. which seemed to fitmy own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The~effect was as marvelous as it was tnagicall "I "was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. was the)firet appetiteinS rest I rha'd^folr | S any a day. It was incredible. -I immediately left the bad and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see thoae crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never "- used them...They were made' for ineY before I got the Pink Pills, but I was. too... weak to use them, and now I don't want' them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see "I am " rapidly regaining my strength." . * •.'-- " He is 100 per cent,. better." said. Mrs. Jacvis, who had come in and taken" the - baby on her kneaa. • '^Ehe Pink - Eiliar have „ sared his life,- and made another^^nan. of. him." ' - - •• "'oi A friend who called in atthiB pointy saiithafc Jarvis looked ten years younger tnaf day than he did* fbrtri^ht previously.- -' - "I can now,"'cqatizmed Jarvis,havea. -cold bath, and -all iSferfBeling -has -gome . back in my legs. . Ill keep on going the way I am. I hope to be«ble to resume work , as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health .and strength to work at that trade. I am better to day . than I have been at any time during the ' past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills .which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amtzed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease,- also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as ansmia, pale and sallow .complexion, general mnsculxr weakness, indigestion, toss of appetite shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous h« adacbe, etc. 