THE MYSTERY OF MELAHIE; OB, Througli Darkness to Light, By VICTOR FOWER, Author of «« A Secret of the Past," "A Perilous Venture," etc., eto. -f-HAPTER XV.— (Continued). X'-:t morning Melanie was surtenng from a nervous headache and break fasted Iier own room: nor did she coim- downstair? until luncheon was over and even then she looked anything Jjut Well. Mv d«3!\vou should not have got up o.t all! I fear!'' kind Miss Katherine said. "And- if you take my advice, you will go t<> b'-d again: for you are as pale as a ghost this moment." . . , r „ H Aiit r\f rlnAVe 1 I 111 II 5v 1 \CtHWi- vuv w. for a liitle walk, in the afternoon," Me lanie said: and, in the meantime. I will return to my room and lie down. I do feel ill. Miss Desmond." Tii is conversation took place in the Oaii il'ioni, and at the same moment 'Alice and Harold were in the conscrva- tory below. Harold had lunched at the Hall, and was now urging Alice to take a Btiv.il with hint through the park. But the girl firmly refused. "1 cannot go to-day." she said coldly. 'I am engaged otherwise, and I really must ask you to excuse me, Harold, for the remainder of the afternoon." The color leaped to Harold's dark face. He was silent lor a moment, as if clieek- 8 Tig the hot and bitter words that rose to his lips. "I suppose, then. I may accept that as ray dismissal for the rest of the day?" he said, with a ring of uncontrollable an ger in his voice. "Oh. I do not mean anything of the kind," Alice returned. "I simply wish to tell y.,u thai I have an engagement for the afternoon ; but, of course, you eanre- "m»in- if you wish. Miss Garaye will be tlown presently, I daresay, and she can entertain you. surely." "Let her entertain Alan Graham, if she feels inclined to," - Harold retorted pas sionately. "I do not wish to intrude on his prerogative, I assure you." And with these bitter words on his lips "lie turned and swung out of the room, and a moment later Alice saw him cross the terrace and disappear amid the trees c-f the avenue. That arrow of humiliat ed pride again quivered in ihe girl's heart; but elm compressed her lips, and forced her spirit to rise above this weak ness. "1 shall say nothing — I shall conceal my true I'v-iing? until she is gone," Alice decided. "Then lie shall know my full mind— ere I break through this humiliat ing bond for ever." About two hours later Alice left the house and strolled across the park in the direction of the wood. It was a dull, threatening afternoon, with a wailing wind amid the trees and a rack of tat tered clouds fleeing across the livid sky. . Alice drew her cloak closer about her slender shoulders, as she entered the ivuod. jjhe felt chilled — both in mind and body. jje!> own prospects seemed to her just now to bo as gloomy and c-lieer- less ns this dismal day, and her heart -so hopeful and happy until Melanie's . arrival at the Hall — was now the prey to distrust, bitterness, and a vague, form less foreboding. .She was on her way to Judith Dare's cottage— according to her promise to Davv, the crippled hoy — but she could Ji-Qt brmg herself to take the dear, fami- 'iar path leadintr In "Mima's "Rnvvnr nnd be rustiv bridge. That scene would er.cviorward awaken in her memories nat wore best forgotten, or 'at least suf- e!'-ja 1,1 lie undisturbed beneath the Iran ' " leaves dead hopes in her ' lll';refore, selected another path, '-at carried lier to the highest part of ie Wood, far above the head of the lir '1 8 gors'?' Panned by the rustic . She- walked on slowly, listen- ' to the dirge of the rising ar'd til(? melancholy rustle of the . tailing leaves. ' SIM lir" hart charse<3 With the hitter- resrctr"l memory, no other thai- .n eaia''1 's 80 full of sadness as in thflV't£u! rustio of t'le autumn wind ing so1) and shudder, ris- touob:n ' 'gl ctning and going, and w-ith cv r. o pain within us In ' >'P u 1 fluctuation. The flee- into ; ,bes. anu were trooping more slowly across the sky. The afternoon was darkening, and already this wood land path was filled with growing shad ows. Alice had reached a Jiigh bend of the path, just ere it falls again; and, glanc ing down through a long vista, her eyes fell suddenly on a man's figure, who, standing on a lower path, seemed to be peering eagerly between the trees at some object still farther below. In a moment Alice recognised this figure as that nf the dark f ore! e-n-lnnk- ing man whom she had seen on the old road to the grange on the previous after noon. He was evidently watching some thing or somebody with an all-engross- ing'intentness; and, following the direc tion of his eyes, Alice vaguely distin guished, far below, the wild gorge, the rustic bridge, and two figures leaning against the wooden hand-rail. The figures of Melanie and Alan Gra ham, most probably; although, at this distance, Alice could not be thoroughly assured of this. She had seen Melanie but for a few moments that day, and the French girl had hinted at her appoint ment with Alan. The unexpected glimpse of the scene she had wished to avoid filled Alice's heart with a new. bitterness, and after that momentary glance she hurriedly averted her eyes and pursued her way to Judith Dare's cottage. At last she arrived, and there at the open door sat little Davy, his large eyes g.-izing wistfully from his pale face, evi dently on the lookout for his expected visitor. Instantly the sadness faded from his face as Alice appeared, and a smile was there instead. "Welcome, welcome, Miss Alice," Davy said, and at the same moment Judith Dare appeared from the kitchen. "I've brought back the key of the Grange, Judith," Alice said, as she pat ted Davy's thin cheek with that gentle caressing touch of hers — the sure sign- »n.il /vC <-> lri'Mrl n'nnl5tVlfltlp linOl'f JlKlIiU-J.1 UI tx iVUiU, fjj iiij/aniviiv "Oh, dearie, dearie, why did 'ee go to that wisht house!" Judith croaked, as she led the way to the cottage kitchen, where a handful of blazing sticks burned on the hearth. Alice helped Davy back to bis usual corner by the fire. Then she seated her self close to him, and Judith crouched on the hearth. "You shouldn't ha' ventured there, Miss Alice! It's an unlooky place. No good comes o' goin' inside that door!" "Weil, I shan't go again, I think, in a hurry, Judith," Alice answered. "It is an unlucky place, I do believe; and I don't wonder at people shunning it. We wouldn't have gone at all only that there was a stranger — Mr Graham — with us, who wished to see the Grange." "Well, well, Miss Alice, 'tis a long time since I had a chance of a word with 'ee," Judith said, after a pause, "and I when I was down in the village, the other day, all the talk was about your- i self and' Mr Harold Dering, and your marriage that is to be. And my heart was proud to hear it. Miss Alice; for the Derings were ever a noble family, and always visited at the Hall, and Mr Ha rold is a fine, handsome young gentle, man, child, and you couldn't find one to suit you better in all the country round.' All n-ac thankful that. the growing shadows and the dying firelight meiei- fully combined to hide her face just now from old Judith's keen scrutiny. These well-intentioned words were inexpres sibly painful to the girl, and she made no reply. .. „ ,. "Surely, 'tis true, Miss Alice? Tisn t only village clack?" Judith asked, with evident concern in her voice. Thus urged, Alice felt compelled to answer. ' _ "Don't ask me any such questions, Ju dith, dear, until I come again," she said, suppressing a sigh. "Then I will tell you everything. And now I want to know all about yourself and Davy. Do you require anvtliing— bedclothes, flour, po- tatoes-anything like t.hat? One thing vou certainly seem to be short of, Ju dith " and she glanced at the hearth, I must see that coals are sent to you to- "Well, Miss Alice, we did burn the last a few days ago; and that reminds me, I'll have to go an' gather some firewood before even in" falls. I'd ha' gone during the day, but Davy wasn't well, and lie felt lonesome, somehow, an' I didn't like to leave him. An' if you'll only stay with him now, Miss Alice, until I come back, it'll be a charity. I won't be long." "Very well, Judith," Alice said at once. "I promise to cheer Jiim up, if I can, until you return." So Judith took her rope and knife and set out for lier bundle of firewood, and Alice and Davy .had the cottage all to themselves. The shadows were deepening rapidly, and by this time the storm was pealing through the wood and whistling eerily between the crevices of the door and window-frame. Alice stirred up the sticks into a blaze, and Davy smiled gratefully as he crouched nearer to the genial warmth. Alice was, meanwhile, relating one of the Arabian Night's won drous tales, and Davy was listening, spell-bound, to the recital. But the story came to an end at last; and still Judith had not returned. j "It is growing very late," Alice said, drawing out her tiny watch and stooping t»1ncoi» In +Vo flown r.-v .1 tvrivi /> AV AAJA. AIU JUG. ku 111 1J 21 C tiiC "Why .it is nearly 6 o'clock! Aunt Ka therine will wonder at my absence." She lapsed into silence, listening ab stractedly to the wild clamor of the storm. What was keeping Judith? It was unfair of her to linger like this. "Davy, do you think you would feel lonely if " the girl was Just begin ning, when the cottage door was sud denly opened, and Judith Dare tottered into the room. "Miss Alice, Miss Alice, s,liut the door behind me— for the love of God!" she gasped, in a broken whisper; then she staggered feebly forward and sank down, moaning and shivering, on the floor. CHAPTER XVII.— MELANIE'S LETTER. Alice had risen in some alarm to obey Judith's request, although it was no easy matter to close the door against the wild winds that were rushing trium phantly in; then she turned from the door, and was shocked ait the sight the old woman's face. There Was a wild horror in Judith's distended eyes; her lips were livid. Now and then a shuddering moan issued from them, as the woman cowered into the farthest corner beyond the hearth. "Judith, what has happened?" Alice cried, advancing rapidly and stooping close to the old woman's face. "What "Oh, may Heaven preserve us from danger!" was Judith's gasping reply. "Hush, hush, Miss Alice. Don't speak, child. May the good Saviour protect us!" "Judith, something has startled you. You have seen something. AVliat is it? Tell me, I implore of you!" Alice en treated, in tones of growing alarm. But Judith Dare only rocked herself to and fro on the floor, and muttered vaguely— "Hush, child — husli, hush!" "Why, she is lialf-distraeted with terror of some kind!" Alice cried, now in great distress. "Davy, I wonder are there any spirits inithe house? She really re quires a stimulant." The girl ran to the deal cupboard and hastily opened It. In a moment she found a bottle, which she uncorked at once. Yes, it was whisky, and, pouring some of it into a glass. Alice returned to Judith and forced her to swallow the liquid. The effect was gratifying to Alice. A heavy sigh issued from Judith's lips, and when she spoke again her voice was clearer and stronger. "Miss Alice, I'm better now. You were always kind to poor Judith." She seized the girl's hands and carried them to her still trembling lips. She kiss- ed them again and again, and pressed them against her wrinkled cheeks. "Do tell me, Judith, what this means." Alice urged; while Davy stared into his grandmother's face, with wide-open eyes of bewilderment. "Some other time, — some other time, dearie, not now! The words would choke me!" was Judith's agitated reply. "Don't ask me, Miss Alice. I cannot. I would rather die than speak." She tottered to her feet and stood for a moment, as if listening intently; but all other sounds were swallowed up now in the uproar of the tempest without. "Well, then, I can delay no longer, Judith," Alice said, endeavoring to con quer the feeling of nervousness that was overcoming her at the thought of her homeward walk through the wood. "I must go at once. They will not know what in the wox-ld to think of my re maining out so long." "Oh, Miss Alice, must you go? I am afraid, child— I am afraid And her voice again died away, with a gasp of terror. "Oh, I don't mind the walk in the least, Judith," Alice said, w-ith a feigned care lessness of manner. "And I will send you one of the servants to keep you com pany to- night, if you wish? But you must tell me, Judith, the next time I see you, what has frightened you like this." " We'll see — we'll see, child," Judith answered hurriedly. "Oh, Miss Alice, must you go?" "I really must. Why, you haven't brought the sticks after all!" Alice sud denly exclaimed, now remembering the errand on which Judith had left the cot tage. "No, Miss Alice, I— hadn't the strength to carry 'em." "Well, the coals shall be sent to-mor row, without fail. And now good-bye, Judith — good-bye, Davy." And Alice was gone. She hastened along in the stormy shadows, drawing her cloak tightly I about her, and looking neither to left nor right, as she pursued the darkened path amid the trees. She fancied her heart baa ceasea to neat, ana a leeung oi ier- ror dismayed her. And not until she had emerged at last from the gloomy shadows of the wood did she pause to draw a long, quivering breath of relief. When she arrived at the Hall she found Miss Katherine in the Oak Room, in a stifte of very evident anxiety. A relieved look crossed her kind face, as Alice entered. "My dear, is this you at last! Wlij-, what in the world happened to you?— and the evening has turned out so dread ful, too!" "I couldn't help it, A unit Katli'erine. I went to see Judith Dare, and— and, some how, the time slipped on," was Alice's faltering answer "And where is Melanie? Was she with you. my dear?" "Melanie? No! Why, where is she? Has she not come back?" Alice asked, as she suddenly recalled the brief glimpse she had obtained of the rustic bridge and the two figures leaning against the railing. "I've not seen iter for the past three or four hours, Ailce. I thought she j might have been with you. Do you J mean to say you have not seen her all i the afternoon'" "Well, I did itliink I saw her on the ! bridge above Mona's Bower, with — with Alan. Graham some hours ago," Alice answered, "I was on the upper path at the time, on my way to Judith's cot tage. I have not seen Melanie since | then." | "With Mr Alan Graham— in such a place!" Miss Katherine— whose ideas were old-fashioned— exclaimed, with al- _ most a shocked look. "Alice, my dear, , you should have joined them. Melanie ; does not perhaps understand the usages ; of English life— and, remember, she is your guest; so you are, in a manner, xe- sponsible for her." "Oh, I daresay she'll be In presently. Aunt Katherine. Perhaps, indeed, she is already In hev room." "X sincerely hope so," Miss Katherine said, and Alice withdrew, to ascertain if such was the case or not. Melanie's room was, however, empty, and Alice felit puzzled, and vaguely alarmed as well. The sinisiter form of that foreign-look ing stranger— his peering attitude in the < wood this afternoon— his presence at all indeed, in (the neighborhood: what did these facts imply ? Was Melanie's absence now to be asso ciated in any wise, with that unknown intruder? And Judith Dare's mysteri ous agitation; what did that mean? The girl pondered over these matters, as she mechanically dressed for dinner, having . dismissed Sarah Winter, as she usually j did when anything was weighing upon her mind and she wished to be altogeth- f>r alnri'e- And, as the moments went by, a fever ish anxiety that Melanie should return filled Alice's apprehensive heart. But seven o'clock came — half past seven eight, and still no sign of Melanie. Din ner had already been delayed half an hour, but now it was served at last; and witli'pale, anxious faces Miss Katherine and Alice took their places at the table. The Squire had retired to his own room hours before, so that Alice and her aunt were tete-a-tete. They spoke little dur ing the meal, and when they entered the drawingroom shortly before nine o'clock Alice's eyes instantly fell upon a letter lying on the floor just beside one of the low windows looking out on the ter race. She sLooped and took it up, then uttered an exclamation of surprise. "Why, this is Melanie's handwriting!" she cried. "Somebody must have lifted : the window and thrown in the letter, I or could she have left it hQre, this after- ' noon, before she went out?" 4 In great excitement Alice tore open th» envelope and read what the letter con tained. It was in French, and was to the following effect:— "My dearest Alice, — I told you last night that I should make my full con fession to you to-day; but my courage again fails me, and I beg of you to wait just a little longer and grant me a brief respite. I will write again from abroad, when matters have adjusted themselves somewhat. Alice, I am leaving the neighborhood this evening— and I am not going alone. Need I tell you who my companion is? Need I reveal the name of ihe loyal champion who has stepped forward at the most critical mo ment of my life, and proved himself my, friend indeed? I speak of Alan Graham, Alice, whose wife I have promised to be. You may wonder why I should run away in this furtive manner; but an unlooked- for danger has suddenly arisen in my tangled path, and immediate flight is my. only chance of safety. Alice, good-bye, for the present. My love for you shall never change. Mr Harold Dc-ring will explain to you one or two things that may have puzzled and annoyed you since my arrival at verner Han. Tnai you and he may enjoy a happy futura together is the fervent prayer of your loving friend MELANIE. "P.S.— Will you kindly send on my be longings to Pa/idington Station, London, on Friday, addressing them to 'Mrs Alan Graham,' and I shall see that they are called for. I will soon write again. — M.G." Alice read this letter twice over, and then, in ulter silence, handed it to Miss Katherine. "Why, this is incredible!" that lady, cried, as she read on. "Oh, oh, oh! I never heard of such a thing — never! Alice, my dear, is it all a hoax?" "No, I think not, Aunt Katherine. Alice answered, after a pause. "I must say that 1 was unprepared for anything so sudden as this; but it is no revelation to me that Alan Graham loves Melanie, and that she is willing to be his wife." "But what in the world does she mean by this remark as to Harold? What has he to 'explain?' And why should he be mixed up in any way with— with that girl," Miss Katherine asked almost sternly. "I really cannot possibly answer thesei questions, aunt! Alice said, suppres sing a cry of distress. "Make what you will of her letter. I know no more than you do of her secrets. Perhaps to-mor row may bring further light." j And shortly after this Alice withdrew", flTln rol liniofl f n tVin rll-otl'in o-nrtnm ,,Vw vw uiuniugivuiu iiw more that night, nor did she put in an appearance the following morning at breakfast. She felt a nervous inability, to reply to the questions which, as she perfectly well knew, Miss Katherine would be sure to aslc her. She therefore breakfasted in her own room, and short ly afterwards rose and dressed hurried ly, and stole downstairs and out into the grounds. It was a blusterous morning, with fitful sunshine and scudding clouds. Almost mechanically, Alice's footsteps carried her to the wood and along the well known path to Mona's Bowc-r. Her eyes were lowered to the earth; her hands were clasped together. Shs was endeavoring to disentangle ths twisted threads of the puzzling series of events of the previous day; and, for ths time being, she was unconscious as to her surroundings. And, thus abstractedly, she had reach ed the entrance to Mona's Bower, when she suddenly started and was recalled instantly to the present. Harold Dering sat on the bench with in the arbor, his face buried in his clasp ed hands, his entire attitude and the dis array of his dress indicating a state of mind bordering on despair or frenzy- CHAPTER XVlE=THE ENGAGE- MJSMT RING. Alice Verner recoiled, with a slight ex clamation, and seemed to be on the point of retracing her steps to the path above the Bower; but Harold glanced up, and instantly rose from the bench where he had been seated. "Alice, do not go! I was just about to walk over to the Hall. I wantc-d to see you very particularly." His face was white and drawn; his eyes looked sunken and haggard. From the stale of his garments, collar, and scarf, and his appearance in general, it seemed to Alice that he. had spent the night in Mona's Bower. She made no reply to his words; but she paused, looking fixedly into his al tered face, and her heart was swelling with a feeling of wounded pride and : passionate reproach that she found it al most impossible to quell. 1 "You— you are puzzled and startled. I daresay, as to your late visitor at the ffaii Alice," were Harold Bering's next- words, and his voice quivered as he spoke. "But make your mtnd easy about her! She has gone away with Alan Graham. I saw her for a moment last evening, and she asked me to make her excuses to you. It appears that a stranger came to the village, a day or two ago, one of Miss Garaye's foreign acquaintances, who, for some reason best known to herself, she by no means de sired to encounter. Alan Graham told her of this man's presence in the near neighborhood, and this fact seemed to decide her hesitation as to leaving the place at once with Graham. So they went to London last night— and I hope they may be happy together!" He had spoken hurriedly, nervously, as if repeating a speech already leamt by rote. He was evidently making a desperate effort to control his own secret agitation — endeavoring, as Alice believ ed, to cloak the bitter resentment and disappointment of his jealous heart at having been thus supplanted so effectu ally and finally by Alan Graham. "Yes; I am aware of this already," Alice said, after a little pause, her eyes etill fixed on Harold's face. "Miss Gar- aye has herself written to me. You may as well read the letter, as your own name is mentioned in it." And, drawing tne leuer irom nei pocket, Alice placed it in Harold's bands. He read it rapidly: then, with trembling fingers, replaced it in the en- rfeope, which he returned iix silence to Alice. "Weil?" the girl said, a tone of uncon trollable scorn in her voice. "Alice, Alice," be cried, taking one of her bands in his fevered clasp, although ahe struggled to withdraw it, "why do you look and speak like that? Have I not already told you — have I not always told you— that you— you only— possess my heart! This girl came across our path— this adventuress— and for a time made mischief between us. But she is gone, Alice— she will trouble us no more. Let us forget this hateful episode — let us " "No, no, Harold," the girl interposed, passionately, and now she snatched her hand from his grasp. "You have de liberately, cruelly deceived me. But I have kept my discoveries to myself un til this moment. Now, however, I will speak at last. "On the very night of Melanle's arrival at the Hall she met you as you rode town the avenue. I am certain of that ! Etay! Do not Interrupt, please, until you have heard me out. You and she tame to some kind of understanding that night, and on the following day you went through the despicable farce of a formal introduction, making me the agent of your unprincipled plot. Every day — every hour — that ensued, confirm ed my suspicions, more and more con vincingly, that you and Melanie had known each other before. "Then Alan Graham appeared, and il was quite evident that your jealousy was aroused; and still— still I conquered my feelings and said nothing of this. I saw you and Melanie on the bridge up there, on the afternoon following our visit to the Vicarage. "But I need not enter into further de tails. I have said sufficient, .Harold, to Show you that I am thoroughly alive to the humiliating position in which you have deliberately placed me. As for your vows — your protestations and so forth— I consider them as insults to me now ! You have been false to them and to me, Harold, and you cannot— you dare not deny it!" Her voice faltered and almost broke down as the last words passed her lips. Bhe turned away her head/and leaned tremblingly against the wood-work of he entrance to tha Bower. (To be continued.) 