In Cuban Waters. (Concluded.) It was at the dinner of a high foreign functionary, who might not even at this day care to have his name mentioned, that Mr. Bentinck, taking out another lady, found himself seated be side Gloria. She was very silent, with ai) air half dlstrai't, «s if she were alert and listening for one knew what not. 41 He igoes to-night," she murmured iby-aml-by to Benttnck as sihe crumbled Ih^r bread. " 'My Virgilio ! You will come round ? Oh, yes," she said, her bead sligllvtly bending towards him, bt-r voice so low that only oue \ised to its Inflections could distinguish the woixte. " All Is ready. A part sratil from Key IWest, a pairt from CharTestaa*, and they •rcn4«Bvous, as It was arranged, you know." And of course Mr. Bentinck went pound. Mme. D'Arco, weeping, fciy tx&ek; In her Chair, looking like a big .bundle of goregous rags. Gloria was tn wn inner room with Virglli©. Pr*» mentlj she came out with him. (She bad torn off her glittering dinner dress, and iwore a 'long, loose- flowing garment of Borne dJiaplfanous, durk-blue tieajaio. 6he was clinging to her brother's arm. Bvrt she stopped ttalf-way to the door, prasaing one hand across her eyes. •" o*, my VirgiMo!" rihe exclaimed. »* How can I bear It!" " For our coTmtry, for the future, for any future !" he murmured. She drew down Ms bead, Viaaimg bis forehead, and threw herself upon iiia breast with a storm of sobs. Therr came a r*p npon the door } her brother loosened the clenched bands, ■Oil (holding them, turned to Mmc, D'Arco. who. «. fountain pouring riven" •f team In silence, load ri§en to emtauce him. Then dace more he took Gloria In his ■aauiiw. *' Oh, mother of God !" she sbriekod. "If you should not come hack, Vir gilio!" *' Do not let her faint," he w.vld to B.entlnek. " I Iliad best go now." Tl.e looked at H-awy fixedly a moment. ." I leave .her to you," lie said, nad was gone. And Bentiuck took lior, too saciwl in ker sorrow to think of that moment iii '■relation 'to himself, and lsvid her on the iounge. *-.•.. " I have Jip one left but you !" she exud. And then, tv spite of 'himself ,'he bent 'ami kissed her I'altering lips, ami 'was gone.. W.hen Mr. Bent Lack appeared at tfte Arlington 'that -afternoon, the world hnd turned ever so slightly upon it« axis. Gloria, was no longer in tears, ]>ut Radiant. The carriage was waiting f oi lier, and sflie was going to lunch with some Scutili -AmeTkNWiH, -Jier <l-rots3 of white cloth, braided in silver, hidden by Jier enveloping cloak, hut her w lite pic ture hat very much in eri'denc?, AVJtJi 4ts 'high flaring brim overtopped by bij? (bunches of wih'iite ostrich plume**. All 3ier diVsfliing coquetry lmd returned to lier. At any rate, uiotliiing couM have liappeaieil to Vlrgllio yet, was lier way of tliinkiug. yflie gave him 'heT hand hi farewell; but ishe came back igafai, saying, -" You are not offended ? You arc al ways my friend V" " -No !" Hie said. " I will not be your friend. I wWI be your lover, your [husband, or nothinig !'•' " But you will be Cuba's friend ?" she ■suid, looking vTiixiously in his face. And then silie tiptoed, for tall ia» she was •he wiaw 'bailer, nn-d kissed ihini on <fhe mourn, and 'was away. And whether She was his betrothed or not, the "be wildered Mr. Benitluck wtas not able to (Say. And -it so happened, or was so kir jviuged, that he did not see her alone again for several days. Nevertheless, Mr. Bentiuck eontrlvied to be present wherever the beautiful Cuban went; for !hls attractive persotn (ality, (his wealth, his appairent poasl 'bilities, Mid made Mm a favourite In society, and lie had not yet had to ask for anything, so ready was every one to -confer. He felt a strong desire to surround her now witsh ;hfo» own peopQe; uind ihe was surprised when, having sent a note to Mrs. MacM-ichiael, a per sonage of the gay world, and the wife of his old senator, to receive in reply !her c"ard, saying she was waiting for Ihlm in 'her carriage, and to luave iher begin as soon ■as he was weated beside her, " Now, What is wll this I hear ? And what does your note mean ? And 'why should I call on a. Spanish ad venturess ?" •'She is not an adventuress, she is not Spanish, «ud there is no reason why you should call if you do not wish, and I will bid you good morning," he said, putting his hand on the carriage door. " Stop, you hot- headed fellow !" said Mib. MaeMichael cheerfully. "Aren't you ashamed of yourself ? Is it really so bud as that V You poor boy ! But you know very well," she went on in spite of his effort to prevent her, " you know very well you are in training for MacfMlchael's place—and it may fall to you sooner than you think. But you will never have it—you will not even be returned to your seat in the house if you offend the people at home." " Mrs. MaeMichael, you and I are too long and too dear friends to quarrel," said Harry Beutiuck, his face downcast mid flushing. " But the question be hind all the matter is one that has been brought to my attention, and has been decided on its own merits." " Oh !" said Mrs* MaeMichael derisive ly. " I should be unable to be an Ameri can," he exclaimed, " and believe in the divine right of the people, if I did not sympathise with the heroes " " Oh, it Is hopeless !" said Mrs. Mac- Michael. " I suppose there are no Span ish heroes, no Spanish rights " " None that I kuow of," said Harry Bentinck. " How can you talk so of a people with whom we are at peace V Well, I didn't come to argue with you. I came to ask you to drive with me to Miss Campeador's." And at the Arlington it turned out that the yoiing Creole's mother, Vir ginia Johns, had been the dearest school girl friend of (Mrs. Mac Michael's youth. And on the day of Mr. Bentinck's speech there was no more excited and enthu siastic listener than Mrs. MacMlchael, who risked her husband's good report at home and had Gloria Oampeador be side her in the gallery, and sent tor Mr. Bentinck the great bunch of roses which she carried, and took them both home to dine~ with her. and got a long growl from the senator, who, having decided not to stand for another term, would have been better pleased if Harry Ben tinck had not made himself an im possible successor. " I have had newsy" said Gloria, meet ing him radiantly a few mornings after ward. "It is only a scrap that Vlrgilio has meat me. They are off. Ob, I have said all my prayers t And now I must go tell my news. Gen. Piers Petersen left his wife here, did you know V He thought he had dove with filibustering, and he married over hero n little woinnu with a plantation. Well, the war knocked all that to pieces. But then ho had the war, you know, and that al most paid him. He 'snuffed delight of ■battle.' I niu on my way to see her. Arc you going with me ?. It is a shame that I should life' at the Arlington, and dress like a princess—but it is my aunt*, my aunt who has the money; and who maintains tlrat 1 serve the cause better so, and who doesn't care so much about the cause anyway as she docs about me—a shame, and the dear little Piers Petersen woman living at the top of a house out at the boundary. I have been so busy converting senators and secre taries I have not had time to see her." It was quite at the top of a mean lodfeing-house that they found Mrs. Piers Petensen in a. little hall chamber. She was wrapped in a shawl, for there was no fire ; but she was rosy and smil ing. " I had to let you up," she said, *' for I didn't know but you had news. I am always1 hoping to hear that'~i*e cruite have rendezvoused oh the Central American shores, and that some mil lionaire has. given us a couple of swift cruisers with guns, and that we have broken down the coast guard and car ried all before us. Have you news ? Ag for me, I never have. Tin; general never writes ; lie just appears ; usually he has just failed again." 41 Is this—is this " began Gloria. " Where I live ? Yea. But^hen, you know, I am just waiting. It is—that is —I mean—l"—and she suddenly began to cry. " Oh, what sort of a thing is this for a soldier's wife ! But—but—you know—your nerves might give out, too, if you had eaten nothing but apples for a week "* " Stop a moment !"' txclaiined Gloria. " Do you mean to say you have eateu nothing but apples for a week ? Thirn I will eat nothing but apples for a week !" "You foolish child," said Mrs. Piers Petersen, wlio, being the wife of a sol dier, was superior to the unmarried maid, even if she were the sister of a soldier, and superior any way by reason of the starvation on apples, "dpn't you see that the apple busint.sr. is my mon opoly ?" and she laughed in the mitiet of her tears like a child. " Well, we can't encourage .monopo lies," said Gloria gayly, "we who are all for freedom, and so you will con.o out and have lunch with me. And " " No. You may lend me a little money If you will. But I will stay here. lie will expect to find me here.'" " All the money you want. And I will tell you my good news as we go." " You have good news V Then I don't want the money. 1 will comfort me with apples until he comes. He always comas." " I think we shall have to take this into our own hands," said Mr. Bentlnck. And the little woman had no choice but to go with them for a lunch u»<l an afternoon of Faust. One memorable day Harry and Gloria, returning from an afternoon chocola'e, went across to Mrs. Mac Michael's for an hour before twilight. The day had been one of the dellctouV days that often come in Washington in midwinter, like ispring days wandering backward, filling the air with rich eart'j scents, and touching the buds to swell- Ing, the soft wind seemiug to blow out of some unknown region of FaradU", and at its close, at last, in a dreamy mist, a thundergust had gathered ani had broken while they waited here ; and then the sunset had burst over the kigh heaven, as if a vast ruby had let out its secret, transfiguring the pillared marbles, and making the dome of tue capitol only a rosy* cloud. The crimson light fell Uhrough the drawing-room windows, and kindled what seemed a new dept'li in Gloria's smile, and miade one think of Galatea glowing from mai'ble to flesh. She turned to look out at the splen dour of light, and exeliaimed as a car riage «t thtit moment stopped below, " Why, there ie my a\rat! And who —why, it %i the little apple-woman. On, It is Gen. Piers Petersen ! Me is back—«r> soonr-<they have failed ! Tlhey have failed! And where, where, where is Virgil io ?" Almost aa she "spoke Mme. D'Areo was in the room, majestic thiat moment with lave, with grief, with compiufe^kxn, Iher arms outstretched to Gloria, and the general towering bit Jhimd her. Gloria flung out iher bands as if to woird Uhem off. " I know It all!" eihe cried aa If that miglht hinder them. " Yes," said the general, nind was teilent. "My Gloria ! My Gloria !" sobbed Mme. D'Areo. " Tell Iher, tell her, general!" cried Ills wife. "Oh, M rs . MtoeMichael!" " There was treachery!" eiaid the general, .his voice deep with strange in tonations. " The "boot was scuttled. Aa we rost on the rollers in eight of shore she filled. Some of us reached the Key, and were taken off -by a pass ing schooner. Tittat is how lit in here. But he— there must have been a blow— he sank—he was thrown ashore. I myself heaped the Mads over thai (head." Aiki Gloria fell to the floor as< if the treacherous Wow that slew Vilr gLlio had .struck 'her— hxa the statue cfoe had that instant seemed might Bistre fallen. It mis a week before they could tell Harry Beutinck that Gloria 'would live. But when .that message was brought to liiim, Ore bade Mrs. MiaeMlchael good bye, and disappeared, tvnd Gen. Pier« Petwsen disappeared with Mm. He went at once to another cUty, and borrowed John Vaudenvater's yacih.t, ■which happeused to be iin. commission for a Mediterranean <-rutee, taking ihe ne ceaaary people and tajppiirten'auces along, and sailed directly far t!he Key, where VirglLio wad buried, finding it \vltli little difficulty, evading la Spanish gun boat's interest in the proceeding, awl returning wlilh 'w!hri:t (he sought Un cased in triple steel. And theu there was 'a solemn requiem ma&9 in St. Maifrhew'e, with the whole eplei*dour of the <'hureh and -its music, with the chiefs of the Cuban junta and other 'high dignitairies in attendance; and out vn i;he Rock Creek burial-ground 'Harry Beutiuck placed one long palm branch on the young hero's grave, and ia .wreath,.-every star of wJik'h wn-a a blossom of tne Flower of tlie Holy 'Ghost. There was ft very private wedding <at M«.c«Michael's not long -after that; and Mrs. Harry Ben- tincf took a certain pleasure in making a wedding journey to Havanuv, wihere, as the wife of an American member of Congress^ T,ery ibeautiful, very hvnguiid, very sump tuously 'arrayed, elve could defy 'all the power of Spain wtth Jmpintity. It was not, however, a Ixyvtg visit ; for it. ways not altogether 6i<i:fe : and ImwMps ■that, sne (had no idea of licr husband's resigning his seat iv (,'ongress. On t!he Whole", the Cuban bus'luesr* ilv.id giveu Idm credilt, both for enitlinski'sm and. sincerity ; it wfis tindeitstood that 'he was owned by mono of the great Interests. Having occasion to do some important service for the Administration before lite term was over, Ihe lli'a'd 'a powerful backing when lie went in for Mr. Mac •Mielnaers seat in the Senate, rind won. His wife rtirrled nvatters with ratlher o higli lhand during !hl« seaatoral eervice ; iand somotlmi'S when she met the wife of the Spanish Minister there seemed to be battle voynl in the wir for a •nwment, averted, however, by the sweet frigidity that reduced the surrounding temperature below the necessary iheat of conflict. But the later years have been passed abrofcid. where her Ivusband Bias !lield important poots, and where, whenever .there has been a •chwnce to throw ia eti'onig light upon Span'laih pollctes, eihe ha« uot wasted the oppof tu<nlty. I met Mrs. Harry Bentinck the other day in Washington, o» beauttfu1!, as im perial as.ever, and it brought Oier story to mind. I Hiaa-dly thought she had come over wiiCh the simple purpose of seeing her children, who are Ihere at echool, In the resolve that they shall be r«ured only as Americans. And one may be quite sure that, whatever may be going on to-day in Oubaai affjiLrs, Mrs. Harry Bentinck is in the midst of it. 