OR, TIIB MYSTERY OF BLACK ITOr,LOW GRANGE. CHAPTER XVIII.—Continued. “'Well, Donald, what news do yon bring?” questioned Doctor Nugent from tbe little table where he was busily engaged preparing powders fer Ambrose, who Jay in the ad joining chamber, not dead, but utterly un D.uiah! sat down, and began to rub liis horny bunds above the bla/.iiig hearth. “ Had enough news, doctor,” he replied. “ They couidn’t find the toss. Isabel, and tlie squire died yesternight, jrst after the dark.” "Gone is he? Weil, 1 knew he'd never rally again, when I left the house," the doc tor answered. 11 Lord bless us, Donald, what a power of mischief these fair-faced, rattle brained girls bring about I" “Ay, ay, sir!” responded Donald, hear tily. “ If that girl bad remained at home, in stead of running oil to her .ruin, poor Mel ville would be alive to-day.” “And to think of Ambrose, my poor,hand some lad ” tbe mother began to whimper, “ as might have been her husband this morning—” “ Hush !" interrupted Donald, sternly. “ D’ye want such a rash girl for the lad’s wife, dame? better for him to be lying'as be is than yoked to the likes of her. Do you think the lad'll get over it, doctor ?” the father continued, his voice unsteady. “ Certainly lie will. Who ever heard of a broken arm. and a cracked cranium, and a cracked cranium, and a stab or two, killing a big six-footer like Ambrose ? He’ll rouse up after a bit. Now, IVFgivoa pretty penny to get at the bottom of this mystery. What could have been going on at the old manor ? And what took Ambrose there that night ?" Donald shook bis head, and his wife whis Dcred in an awed voice : “ The manor’s haunted, doctor, and it were ail alight tbe night o’ Ambrose’s wed ding. Tile murdered lady comes back—” “ I’ooh ! pooh ! yon silly woman ! There was something besides ghosts at the manor ; It took flesh aud blood to give the lad them ugly holes in his side. How did the old place ^look this morning, Donald—was all “All quiet, sir,” replied the seaman, ad ding, in a sort of awed whisper, “ but the dog’s there yet.” The doctor wheeled in his chair. “There yet? Well,,now, Donald, that’s confounded strange! What can keep the beast up there ?" Donald shook his head again, with grave solemnity. “ That I can’t say, doctor," he replied. '■ but there lie is, and there he’ll stay, inspite of you. Didn’t we fetcii him home yester day, and hack he went like a flash ! He was on the terrace as I came by, and when 1 called to him he pave a cry that was human He’s found something, doctor—there’s no mis lake about that!” "Found what, man? Wasn’t the old house searched yesterday ? I was over there myself. It was as empty as a drum ; not even a stray ghost in sight.” So they told me ; but the dog found lomcthing nil the same. I have every confi. dence in that dog. Somewhere, in that old house, there’s a human creature hiu, ”m sure “Father?" It was tbe voice of Ambrose th.M, rolled. Donald leaped to bis feet as if a bullet had struck him, and made for tke adjoining room, followed by the doctor and bis wife. Ambrose was sitting up in bed, a look of oager intelligence on bis white, haggard “ What was that you were saying about tbe dog, father ?” ho asked, as Donald reached him, "Is be watching at the old manor ?” " That’s it, laa," replica tne lather, lay ing his hand upon his head, while his rugged frame shook with repressed emotion ; “ the dog’s up there. But my son, I am glad to see you getting better.” The mother fell on her knees by tnebed, and began to weep noisily, while the doctor proceeded to mix a composing draught with all possible speed. " Yes, father, I’m getting better,” Ambrose continued. "How long bnve I been sick? How did I get home ? I can’t quite remem “ We found you up there, dead, as we thought, and fetched you home, my lad," sobbed Donald. " Yes, yes—you found me at tbe manor, you mean. There, father, pray don’t worry, father, I’m all right. How long since you found me—” “ ’Twas yester morn, Ambrose—Wednes day morn.” “ And this is Thursday ? Yes ; and the dog’s there yet ?" “ There yet, Ambrose.” “Here, you drink this,young man,” inter posed Doctor Nugent, proferring hisdraugbt, “and lie back upon your pillows aud keep your body quiet, and your tongue, too I” Ambrose swallowed tbe draught, but did not follow tbe little doctor's advice. “ Doctor, am I much hurt ?” he asked. “ Well, quite seriously ; but I’ll have you on your feet in a fortnight—" “ Nonsense 1 I must go out to-day, at The doctor only laughed. “Father,” said the young man, turning his haggard face toward Donald, "get out the sleigh and harness Black Bess. I must go up to tbe Haunted Manor, at once.” The father shook his head disapprov ingly. “I must go,” Ambrose continued “to satisfy my own eyes—to see what tbe dog has found. There was a woman there,” his white face flushing swiftly. “I beard her. She may be there now, father. I must go and see 1 Will you go with me ?” “ A woman !” shrieks the dame, wringing her hands. “ He’s seen the murdered lady’s ghost, Ob, my poor Ambrose, enticed into that awful place on his wedding night, and cheated of his bonny bride.” “Silence !” commands the doctor, sternly. “ Not a word more, if you value his life. Youug man,” he continues, if you’re not a lunatic, you won’t talk of leaving your bed in a week, much less leaving tbe house. Tbe haunted manor was searched yesterday by the proper authorities, and not a soul found. Doubtless you were dccyed into 3 trap of some sort.” “ Spare your words, doctor, please." smiles the young patient, “and mix me a strength ening draught like an obliging fellow. Hero mother, help ine into my clothes ; and, father, burry with the sleigh, will you ? Gracious heavens,” he goes on, leaping sad denly out of bed, and standing tall ancf reso lute and haggard in tbeir midst; “a day and a night I've been lying here already, and she may be dead or dying ] For mercy’s Bake, father, be quick,” “ Do tbe best you can for him, doctor,” whispers Donald, as be goes out to harness Black Bess. “There is not a bit of use op posing him ; lie'll go, if lie crawls on bis hands and knees.” “ Mere fool he,” growls the doctor, pro ceeding to prepare the draught. “ I wash my hands of the whole business. Nevertheless, being a humane and obliging man at heart ; when be finds that hisVa tient really will go, Doctor Nugent accom panies him. “ lis a judgment sent upon me and him for the wickedness d’ve done,” moans the wife of Donald,standing in the cottage door, as Black Bess starts oil', all her silver bells ringing a merry peal. “Look at him now,' my handsome lad, that I thought to see Isa bel’s husband, well nigh murdered, and his brain crazed, and it the work of them wicked Souls as haunt the old manor 1 ’X’ia a judg ment on me ; but I can’t tell. I can’t break Donald’s heart, aud lie a happy man so many years. I've kept the secret so far, and I'll carry it to my grave.” " Look i there'3 the dog on the terrace Heps,” cries Donald as they reach the main gate. Ambrose leans forward aud watches the animal as he comes flying down to meet “ \Yhat is it, my good dog ?" be calls. At sound of ms master s voice the cioggoes into ecstasies, leaping upon tbe seat, and licking the young man’s bands, then with a wild, peculiar cry be i3 off again in tbe di rection of tbe manor. “ We must follow him, father,” says Am brose, quietly. “Give me your band—I’m very stiff and sore.” " You’ll find yourself worse than stiff, bov, to-morrow," grumbles the doctor, as Donald assists his son; “and no one to bianic but yourself," Ambrose Only smile3 in bis quiet, reso lute way, and, fastening Black Bess to a post, the three go on abreast, following the dog's lead, As they reach the terrace the little doctor {§?*« «P SlikttHSJaSAUjW KIM ff9nt 0| the silent house. He does not relish the undertaking at all, though he feels none of the superstitious dread that curdles Donald’s “We shall find ourselves in a nest of thieves or counterfeiters, and get our heads smashed for our rashness,” he mutters. But Ambrose takes no heed, and they go on. Straight into the manor, down the the dim, resounding hall, and up the dusty stairs the dog leads, leaping on with wild, frantic barks that seem fraught with human entreaty. The old house is as silent ns a tomb, as cold and as cheerless under its winding sheet of snow. Not a sound greets them, not even a stray mouse cro3s?i_their way. Up the silent stairs, on and on down the dreary length of toe long corridor, until they reach the old library-room, which opens into the black draped ante-chamber. Ambrose follows the dog with steady resolute step3,_ though his face is awfully white and his breathing sharp and short, and his father and the doctor follow In the library, where the dast-laden door is stained here and there with drops of blood, the dog pauses, with a long, wild erv then he leaps into the ante- room and disap ^ The three men follow him breathlessly and find him under the tattered black arras scratching at the solid oaken panels. ' ’ “What is it, my good dog?” cries Ambrose, tearing away the somber drapery, his face Hushing with eager excitement. The poor dumb creature tries hard to tell. He leaps to his master and caresses him, and then throws himself against the panels uttering plaintive cries. ’ “ There's some creature hid about here,” remarks Donald, . “Ay, father,” Ambrose answers, “that there is. Here, my good dog, where is he? Show me where.” The dog throws himself against the central panel with wild force a°nd frantic “ The dog’s mad,”growls Doctor Nugent ; “ and you are as white as a ghost, Ambrose. Come away, Donald; we've had enough of this folly.” a “t,o if sou like, doctor,” Ambrose answers curtly. “I ebali remain. Father, can there be a secret passage anywhere here, think yon? Some of these old border dwellings had them, you know.” ' “I never heard of one in this house,” Donald replies, tapping on the oaken “Then, what does the dog mean, father?” ,, Donald shakes his head, in dire per plexity. Ambrose stoops had proceeds to examine the panels, every crack, and joint, and crevice; hut to no purpose. His broken arm and wounded limbs Dain him terribly, and he begins to grow sick and dizzy; but some strange feeling within him, prompts him to stay. “ 1 wish we had an axe,” Ambrose says; “I’d burst these panels in. There must be something behind them. Suppose you let me rest a bit, father, and you drive over to Do main’s and get an axe ! Dotham will come with you, too, and he’s a stout fellow. I wish you would, father I” Doctor Nugent gives utterance to an ex clamation, that wc will refrain from record ing, jand stalks out of the black curtained ante-room, in high indignation; but Donald, who has indulged and obeyed his handsome son all his life long, answers hesi “ If I thought you could bear it, Ambrose; but you look so white and ill—” _ “I pan bear it, father—ray will always was the strongest part of me,” the young man cries. ” Keep me in suspense and doubt, and I’D go into a brain fever before midnight. I must get at the bottom of this—you'll go, father, to oblige me ?” Donald turns to go, but he is barely out of the room when a sharp exclamation from his son causes him to hurry back. “ Good heavens, father ! look here I” the young man cries, his fingers on a tiny steel spaik imbedded in the solid oak. “ Can this tiling be a secret spring?” As he speaks he presses on the shining point with all the might that excitement has lent him ; and lo I with a sharp click the spring moves, and the oaken panel slides aside, revealing a yawning aperture, which looks to the amazed eyes of Donald like the mouth of the buttomless pit. The dog leaps upon his master with frantic cries of joy. Ambrose strokes his head, but it is a full minute before he can speak, so great is his excitement. “Yon are right, my brave dog,"die gasps at last; “ you haven't led us here for nothing I Heavens, how black it is below there! Shout, father; perhaps some one will answer. I can't command my voice yet." Donald drew near the aperture, his face white and awed, his knees shaking under "Halloo I Who's below there?" he shouted, A minute of breathless silence, and then, from some subterranean depths below, came a feeble voice in answer, ‘ Ambrose leaped to his feet with a cry of triumph. ** Father, did you hear it ? A human voice —a aIonian's voice. It is she. For Heaven’s sake, let ine go down quick. Only think, she has been down there a day and a night. Let me go 1” “Ambrose, are you mad?" cried his father, attempting to hold him back. But the young man half beside himself in his eagerness and excitement, eluded his grasp, and leaped through the nperture, into what he fancied to be n sort of passage that would lead him to a dsecending stair But the instant his feet touched the dusty flooring beyond, there was a sort of rasping sound, and swift as thought, as if by the wonting of some unearthly magic, the solid foundations gave way beneath him, and the trap door, on which lie stood, shot rapidly downward, hurling him headlong into the black pit below. 