FOURTH LENTEN DIS COURSE. BY HIS EMINENCE THE CARDINAL THE CATHOLICITY OF HOLY CHURCH. Last Sunday being the middle Sunday of Lent, according- to long established custom at the Cathedral, the bells were rung, the black drapings removed from the altar, and the organ was played. His Eminence the Cardinal presided at 11 o'clock Mass. Father Walsh was celebrant, the Rev. Mr. Burton was deacon, and the Rev. Mr. Masterton sub-deacon. The choir sang Gounod's Troisienie, ' Messe Solenelle,' and at the Offertory Mozart's beautiful 'Ave Ver um' was given with effect. rus imminence react ine uospei lor tne day from the 6th chapter of St. John, and then said that on that day they would consider the 'Catholicity of Holy Church.' It had pleased our Divine Saviour to make the Catholicity of Holy Church a distinct feature of his Spirit ual Kingdom upon earth. In the Jewish dispensation they saw that one nation was chosen by Almighty God to be the depository of the blessings of Heaven, but the prophets of old had foretold ? that when the Messiah came it would not be so, and thus the prophet Malachi speaks of the one sacrifice being offered from the rising to the setting of the sun. Our Divine Saviour when instructing the Apostles to go forth and preach His sacred doctrines told them to go and teach all nations. And so it was that the Apostle had told them that the true Church would be known by its unity, which was one of the fruits of the spirit of God. From the earliest days they found the title Catholic given to Holy Church, and from the Apostles they had the creed beginning with the 'I believe in God' and concluding with 'I believe in the Holy Ghost, the Holy Catholic Church.' In repeating that creed we not only say that we know such a Church exists, but express our belief that this Church was instituted by our Divine Saviour, and believe it as much an article of our faith as we be lieve in the Resurrection of the Body, Life Everlasting, and the Communion of Saints. We believe Jesus instituted His Holy Church for all nations and all time, hence His promise to be with her all the days, even to the end of the to dwell on this Catholicity of Holy Church, and St. Fabian says . that Christian is their Christian name, but Catholic in their surname. Agnostics end other sectaries pretend to be Chris tians, but the title of the true Church has ever been that of the Catholic Church, and that Church had spread the faith of the LoitI Jesus over the four quarters of the earth, and only to that Church, therefore, can the title of Catholic be given. St. Cyril tells them that if he were travelling abroad and wished to find out the true Church in which to adore the Most High he Avould not look for a Christian, but for the Catholic Church. No matter how vain sectaries may not be ono of them had the impudence to lay claim for their conventicles to that which they know bo long's only to the true Church. This Catholicity is only what should be ex pected in the Church instituted by our Blessed Lord. He came not to save one nation, but all nations; not to preach to portion, but to the whole world, and it was but meet that He, who was the same yesterday, to-day and evermore, should extend that spiritual kingdom on earth, not to one nation, or one kingdom, or one people, but to the whole ?world. Let them consider what is meant by the word Catholic. The word Catho lic itself means universal, and the first thing they look for in the Catholic Church is to find whether or not it is ' universal, and whether or not it em braced the whole of the teachings of our Blessed Lord. And the result of their Investigations was that they found the same sacred teachings of the Lord Je sus Chriiat had been handed clown to them from the time of the Apostles to the present time, and will so go on to the end. The most gifted men in diffe rent ages, had risen up and endea voured to find a flaw in her teaching, but they had ever failed. This has been one great feature of the Catholic Church. Another great feature was that the Catholic Church extends through out all time. Our Divine Saviour insti tuted His Church to extend in one un broken mission from the Calvary of Jerusalem to the triumph of our Saviour on the last day. And when they come to examine the teachings of Holy Church they would find them the same, and as unchangeable, as when they were first propounded by our Divine Lord in Jerusalem. In a special way this Catholicity embraced all the world, not one state, but all. Let them look around and they would not to-day find aland on which the sun rises but they would find that the Word of the True Faith had been carried by the missionaries of the Holy Church. Some great explorers who had wander ed into unknown regions where they believed the foot of civilised man had never trodden before were surprised to find traces of missionaries of the Catho lic faith. In South America,' into the deepest recesses of the Andes, in North America away to the frozen north, in Asia, in fact in all parts of the world they found that the standard of Holy Church had been unfurled, show ing its universality as well as anti quity, and wherever the Catholic Church is found there also is to be found the supreme authority of the Vicar of Christ, the successor of St. Peter, ex tending from, the rising to the setting of the sun. They should not only re joice at being called Catholic, they should also rejoice . at being called Roman Catholics. The term Catholic embraces the whole world, and the term Roman designates the centre whence comes the authority that guides them. In every circle there must be a centre, so in Holy Church the centre of spiri tual authority is in Rome, where is the successor of St. Peter, the Vicar of our Lord upon earth. That vicar may be a prisoner in the Vatican, an exile wan dering over the! earth, but he is always Bishop of Rome, and he it is whose spiritual authority gives firmness and unity to the Catholic Church throughout the whole- ? world. The Catholic Church is. aiot .identified with any one kingdom or any one form of constituted, government .any more than is the light that . sheds its radiance around them. The sun sheds' his light upon all, so the Catholic Church sheds its radiances on all races on all nations. Not so those who have separated from Holy Church, and who have identified themselves with a form of government. The Russian Church looks to the Czar as its head. Why, its very name shows it. is not the Church instituted , by pur Lord. It was not , to Russia, alone that Christ came .to. preach the ..doctrines of salvation. He came to save the whole world. In the same, way the Anglican Church is under the guidance of the Sovereign who rules over that vast em pire that extends its sway in all the four quarters of the earth, but it does not embrace the whole world, so, therefore, cannot be the Church that Christ instituted. If they wished for an- example of the universality, of the Church let them look at the Vatican conference held some years ago. At that conference there were 800 bishops, representing every civilised language spoken on the face of the globe. Many of them had been for more than three months travelling; some from the cen tre of Asia, and some from thousands of miles in the interior of South Ameri ca, that they might become members -of that great conference. And once being assembled in conference they all began to speak in the same tongue. They preached the same Divine Redeemer, foil rrVi f tlio oo vin a ?Pei^ + V* rt-PPcmnrl nn 4-Vin same Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, and all acknowledged the authority of the Vicar of our Divine Lord. In that true Church they had the example, of those bishops coming from all parts of the world to the centre, where they knew centred the hopes of their redemption; their heaven was the same, the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass was the same of fered up in the same language, the lan guage of Faith. Some of them might express surprise that Jesus should not have designed that all the world should belong to His Holy Church. When he preached in Galilee how few followed His words of Divine Wisdom! All Judea could have been enlightened even as St. Paul was, but violence must be clone to the^ consciences and free will of none. Like the tree that goes on from a#e to age, throwing out its sacred shelter ing branches, till in due time all the world will be brought under its shade, so Holy Church will go on throughout all time throwing out the blessings and graces bestowed upon her by her Di vine founder. In the time of Constan tlne it was estimated that the number of Christians was not more than ten millions. In the tenth century they were computed to number fifty millions. At the close of the fourteenth and the beginning of the fifteenth century there were 100 millions of Catholics, and to day the Catholic Church has 250 mil lions of children in her Holy bosom. Another remark they could not but make was this— that whenever God al lowed for His own mysterious pur poses some great people to be torn away from Holy Church He caused the falling away to be the means of gathering whole nations into the one true fold. In the olden days the Eastern Church was the most powerful and en lightened, but schisms and heresies crept In and it was severed from the true Church, but missionaries and apostles spread over Europe and millions were brought out nf da.rk.ne9S to the true llght'of the Church. At the time of the movement called the Reformation, when millions left the Church they saw whole nations from beyond the Atlantic numbering fifty millions embracing the true Church, and whole nations were evangelised. One thought they should ever keep before them, and that is that we should be ever full of gratitude to our Divine- Saviour for leading us hito the true fold, and making us children of His Holy Church. It was in that Holy .Church that the name of God Avas des tined to be glorified, and as children of the Church each one would be rewarded with his share of merit in that never ending gloi'y offered to the Most High. And the glory they offered on earth was but a prelude to that greater glory that will be offered to God in Paradise. 