A MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE OF PEOPLE AND VOUCHED FOR BY A PROMINENT MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CON 8IDERED INCIURABILE BY TIlE FIRST PYSICIANS OF t lIE WORLD HAS AT LAST BiEEN CONQUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR. WIL LIAMS' PINK PILL?. (From the'. Auatralian Workman." On Thursday afternoon, our representative fond his way to the hlumble home of Mr. 'homas Jarle, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. IHe was 'discovered nurping a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the hap Vlest men in Sydney. lieo waoo up and about .snd able to answcr the knock at the door. Although pale and hearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it wan very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to cohvalescence. In reply to the preliminary questione, he smid:-" You want to know all about my case ? Well. I am glad of an opportunity .to tell you. The facta may be of value to those who are stricken as I wa:." S" Holw long were you suffering ?" Well., twelve monthe ago I got so bad that I had to levve off work, and I have done noth igttince then. About five yearo ago, next Ohristmas, 1 met with an accident; I was scalded while :'taking a bath in ISydney. Since the accident I have been in failing henlth, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at Globe Island. " What were the oymptoma ?" Bimply indescribanble. The pains were some. thing terrible. They were for all the world likeas if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nulsauce to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could not sleep. On the 23rd of March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me my case was utterly hopeless. Hlow ever, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutios. te "Did vou make use of the order? " No' I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well. in bed ever since. Five -, weeks ago Icould not walk across the floor i in fact Icould not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a ques tion of days when I would give up the ghost. •'? doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was In. I was under him for five or sel weeks. He came to. the conclmsion that I was suffeling from Locomotor ataxia, or Pro gressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by:peculiar disturbances of .."" it, and difficulty in co.ordinating voluntary :. Snovements., lie told me that I might last for • ten years and that I might never get the use of -my legs. (Just then the patient' kicked his S -legssabout with energy to show that medical . opinion in not Infallible.) Well, just as a "-ro-'r nwngmeawwil-grll apats astraw -tIgrasped atan ides conveyed by the adveitteement des crhling the cure effected in the'case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the *, Australian Wrkman," by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read Iir the advertise. nenat of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined .to give the Pills a trial any waj, and sent for a box. Tho.oeffect was as . marvellous as it was magical.. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me... Ilmmediately left the bed and was ableito move about.' I have taken four boxes of Pink.Pille during the past tonr weeks, and am now taking the fifth box, I can.walk with the aid o a stick, and am gradually recovering my former vnIgr and vitality. You see those crotches P They are In'rfectly hew, and I have never used them. They were made for me before Igot the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I'want it this stick, and I hope soon to do withont it. Ygu see I am rapidly regaining my strength." t "Heis 100 per cent better," said bMrs. Jar vis, who had come in.and taken the baby on her knees. " The Pink Pills have saved his Ille and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger than he did a fortnight previously. " I tan now," continued Jarvis '"have a bath and all the feeling has- come back in my legs. If I keep on the way I am, I hope to resume work as a boiler-maker, and I have to be in the pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been during the past five years. They have saved Smy life. I am in no pain now and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium pills which the doctor gave me todeaden the pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Every body who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being abont again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it core firms what in said in the chief newspapers in this country of the cures wrought by Dr. Wil liamsa' Pills. They cure locomotor ataxy, par r tal paralysls, and spinal diseCae, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as aunumia, pale and sal. low complexion, indigestion, lose of appotite, shortnessof breath, pains in the back, nervous Leada hbe, &c.; Mr. J. 8. T. Mf'Gowan leader of the Labour party in N.S.W. Assembly, was seen by our re porter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr.'M1'Gowen has known Jarvis from infancy. Iie also knew that lie had to give up his work at Glebe Island twelve months ago. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bsd-.rdden,nnd that there was little chance of his recovery. He uunderstood that Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney IIospital, as his cas? had been pronounced Incurable. I1r. M'Gowen was, therefore like everyone else who knew thefacts, astounded at the complete re covery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Coy., queen's Place, Sydney, whowil forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order, 1 box for hs Pd, or 3 dozen for 1-s Gd. . - -- =.. I -= .?= ' 