THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. Un ;inurtd.iy ifiernoon, our representative made hisxay tl the; humble homo of Mr. Thomas-Urns, Uo Ctown-lane, Ultimo. He was discoveri') lureing a two year old baby, and his face declared \ him to be one of the happiest men id Sydney. He was op and about and able |o answer the knock at the door. -Although! pals! and bearing still '.he marks of a critical - illness, and a period of pain, it was verji clear that he was an invalid In reply to th preliminary questions, he said : -' You w int to know all about my case?* Well, I ai I glad of an opportunity to tell you. The fa ts may he of value to those who are stricken is I y/na.' . ' How lone wi -e you .suffering !' ' Well, twelv; mintheago 1 got so bad that I had to lea e off work, and I have done nothing since tl en. t About five yean ago, next Christmas, [ met with an accident; I was badly scaldi i while ' taking a bath in Hitl-street, Sydi ey. ' Since the accident I have been in f«ilii.g;-health, anil after four years of gradual levefopme'nti of the malady, I was forced to give up my billeV at the Glebe Island.' I !, t . - ( . ' What were the symptoms !' 'Simply indei :ribable. The pains were something terribU They were just about as much xs I could I enr'i, Tliey were for all the world like as if a iaw,iwere cutting my bones in two iu every p rt 6/ me. I. had no control over my howelt or/ bladder, and was a nniaancAo mysel and everyone else. I was i»ct;aiiititly sliivet ii'k and stiaking, titid cou ucuuu w uut i ecjji -wii-ine 20m iuarcn last I saw. a well kuavm -iloctor and he told me that my case v as utterly, hopuless. How ever, he gave me .ii. order to the IDirector of OharitablelnttiUtipniL' *' Did*you make use of the order.' ' No ; I came homo and went to bed, and have Ijeen preUy well in bed ever since. Five weeks I couli no| walk across the floor ; in fact I could not getiput ot bed: 1 felt then that in was all ore ? with me, and only a ques tion of days when [ woild give np the ghost. My doctor was' at ending., me, ..and did all he coirt'l, by opium . md'] morphia pills, to case the agony 1 wag ii , ( T was uoder him for five or six weeks. H- csime to the conclusion that I was sufferu g- from Locomotor ataiia, or Progressive 4ocum -tur -ttaxy , a disease of the spinal cord, - cba -actorised by peculiar dis tnrbanceH of gait, rod difficulty in coordinat ing voluntary mo emants. - He told me that I might last for t n yoors, and that I might uuior j;OL t»w utjui.riny icgti. (dustmen the patient kiefcee his legs about with energy to show that medi al opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a di owniijg man will grasp at a stnw/I graiped ; t an idea conveyed by the adrertisment dea ribins the. cure effected in the case of nnoth- r. boifer- maker in England, wbicli I read in tt j ' iinirtraiian Workman,' by Dr. \f illiams''|i 'ink Jills for Pale Peop'e. I reed in the adr rtiseBoent of a case which teemed to fit myo ra. I determined to give the Pinlc Pills a trial nyway, and aant fora box. The effect was as I larvellous'as it was magical. I was able to eat i nd «l«ep as .though nothing was the matter q ih »--. WI» was the first appetite and rest. Miatfs'f* tnany days. It was incredible. H flntaeifctol/ left tho bed and was able to mpve si- Skt. : I haro taken four boxes of Pink [Pills ^flaring the past four weeks, and an iioW taking the fifth box. .1 can walk about wini theaid of a stick, aad , am gradually, but hnrolyi recovering my for mer vigor and vitality. Yon see those crutches there? They are borfectly new, and I liav» never used them, (They; were modo {or mo before I gut the 1'idk J'ills; bnt 1 waa too weak to am them. All I wwit it this stick, and I hoj-e suon to do without it. You see I am r*uid!v remLininir nur strength.' . -.- He j. 100 per Lot. better,' said Mr*. J»i vu, wbo lia-l Eonie in and ukeo the baby on her kiiets, 'Th* Pinkl Pills ha vn tawid 4iU lift, mid made unptlier tnan of him/' j ' A friend who- culled in at this point; siid tli«i Jarvis 1-iukcd tAi yi-ara younger that day tiiau.'hc did a foftniglit previously. ' ^~ ? ' 1. caii now,' continned Jurvit,'' have a cold'AiMtli, an-l all Ike frelini; lias come back on uiy legs. If I kef - on gtiing the wav I am . i lj«pe t« be abla uri «uiiie work a« .a boiler* uuker, and you fcnoH I have to be in the vtry pink ut lieaJtband I trengl.Ii u- work at that vhc x am Debtor t )-a&y; uian x nave ueeii at aoy.tiuie during he part five yean. I 'icrilu ill tlie chanje and benefit to these «nk Pill.. They ha e rfavwl my life. I am in uo pain now, wiiat. ver, aod loci like a new iii*ii. Ou tlur.nunte piece thero is a hnx of opium and oiorphu tills which tha doci or gave .me -to deadea the excruciating pain. But tiff can etoy w itro they are, /or I oo louger need Uieui. iveryljody who knows 'if. has be£u amazed at tbti change in me. 'JVy can hardly belie1 :« tlifircye*. My being almut agaiu hoi cmuc I Jcfttfie.a sensation out 'Sucli it thisremarki Uo hisfory, aud it con firm, what in »»id in a I the chief newspapers of tlii« cbuntiy of lie astoui«liiug cures wrought by Dr. Willis, in' Pink Pills for Pale People, They. cure Irjcomotor ataxy, partial p«fa!).i«. and spinal diiK^se, aUo the many -tii-Or-ler« which arise f foui *n unitovurished tUte ',f the blood, «uck aa auemia, pals and t*Uow '*-mpl-»iiuB4K-4rii.m&falir; weakness, iwtwiUiMi, Imjlf ip&l;\t#, abortneas of li'-aU-, p»ius fi ifi- liijt, ner«gus headache, 