Chips and Splinters A little over 20,000 people passed in and out ot the Lanncetton Railway Station in three days of Jubilee week. ' Handsome George ' doing well with 'Tommy Atkins' and 'Called Back' in Launceeton. Carl Hertz follows. ' Dean ' Swift's Jubilee Babbit Maeiacre for the poor of Lannceoton resulted in the capture of 53 carcases. Pretty Alice Lingard, the famous actress is dead, so is Mrs. Oliphant the inthoresf, The Australian starting gate is to be tried on the Newmarket course, England. Tbe record marksman is in Melbourne. He fired at a rabbit and bagged fire of his own children. A tote ticket case baring a very un pleasant odonr, occupied the Laonceeton Police Court for about six hours on Monday. Tbe Police Magistrate quietly advised the defendants Messrs. Paul Weetman and O. S, Agnew to pay back tbe tota man the money they had received in error. He also discoursed some on the frequency j of shady turf transactions in Tasmania. ' Australian horses are to be tried as re mounts for the Imperial Army at the Cape. The funeral obsequies of some of the tucker supplied to the troops in Hobart last week were most impressive, Naval review at Spitbead lost week, just licked creation. Obit : G. M. Eddy, chief commissioner K.S.W. Tailways. A Horsham man with a big sword went out on the tear on Sunday night last look ing for gore. He was put to sleep in gaol before be did any mischief. Wood paving is to be tried in some of tbe streets of Launceston. A little over £14,000 worth of gold was won for the month of June. After the Jubilee : A sovereign in hand is worth two on the throne. Mr. B. T. Hooley, (a name which would look better With Ballv infrnnt. it.\ i.o-ninw in for a. big Australian frozen meat scheme. Says the Hobart Master Warden. ' The barque Glonmark was only 1200 tons register, yet she had 2200 tons sulphide ore on board.' Has any one seen the ghost of Sam riiroBoll. Great Northern Bailway, which will con nect Emu Bay with West Coast, is now a settled thing. Steamer Elingamito got her nose bumped against a rock outside Tamar Heads on Sunday during a heavy fog, but was not much damaged. The fine P. and O. Line Aden while on her royage from China to London has been wrecked on tho Island Socotra. Seventy passengers and crow are missing. Queenstowu, a village a lew months old, has now three hotels iu full swing, and two more building. The first anniversary of the opening of the Mount Lyell Reduction Works was celebrated at Queenttown on Friday last. Asa resnlt of loyally standing around in the damp dnringJubilee rejoicings Tasmania f eneraUy is suffering from & Jubilee ' gold in it dose.' A Corporation item. Only two Bobart aldermen and one L&unopston; ditto find it necessary to sit sideways in order to reaoh the pen and ink on the Council table. Amongst press representatives, North and South, only one may be considered a prime speci men of rotundity. We name no names but he ie mostly up North. The three social democratic eoaicties of Hamburg have a total membership of 12,218, of which 648 are women. 8t. Andrew's Debiting Society is desirions of debating 'The Dangers of Socialism' with the Democratic League. We suppose there are ' dangers ' in socialism, just as there are ' dangers ' in every other ' ism'; and, ob Socialism is arriving in daily increas ing quantities it may be jnstas well to get a grasp of its ' dangers ' before it turns this terrestrial paradise of ours into a pande monium. So tho Democrats League will doubtless oblige St. Andrews. Mount Lyell's touched 10 guineas iD Melbonrne this week. Arnold Geyser from Spratfs Gully, dis cussing tbo merits of the Royal Family con tended that ' the old ooman ain't a bad 'un ; but the Prince o' Wales, he's the chap, he'll speak to anybody and the wus the company the better he likes it.'— MoBtly up North. The Jubilee rabbit cart did not turn up for tbe 1 aunceBton procession and only about fifty torn and bleeding bnnny car casses were sent to the city to feed tbe starving p.-or. Some had so long departed this life that they were strong enough to process on their own. ' Mostly Up North ' copy went astray lftEt week, and when it turned up it was mostly jubilation. He says that no less that eight trains loaded up to the door bandies ran into the local station on iuesaay morning ; tuey came in the dog box, or anywhere elso they could get foot hold: children were packed in the hat racks quite|content to put up with tho incon venience aB long as they could fetch Laun coston. C. 3. Hall, charged with the murder of his wife at Bendigo, is further remanded. Jury disagreed. The woman was found drowned in a tub of water. j llr. James UussoH, president of tha Chamber of Mines, claims that the Upper Thames (N.Z.) gold- miners wish to work seven days in the week and he is agi tating for a po'l to be taken on tbe question. He is so deluded by his own worship of the Golden Calf that he thinks that the working miner is to be bribed by an extra day's pay in the week. Things that the Helping-Hand MiBsion, Band didn't inflict upon their guests at thej Watchorn-street juvonilo ten : Gorsavo I long praycrp, tedious sermonising, patronis ing rassiety patter, and dreary speeches by fiiuy politwal magio Iwrtorne, 