THE R0CE UNSHAKEN BT AGES. Popes die one after another, but the Vicar of Christ lives for ever. He is the corner stone of the Church, the bond of unity, the infallible teacher and the common father of all the faithful. In every age he was revered as the supreme high priest and Bishop of Bishops. As early as the third century the authority of Pope St. Stephen was acknowledged by St. Cyprian, Bishop of Carthage, and light of the African Church. The Bishops of Africa, under the presidency of St. Cyprian, enunciated some doctrine con- • owning baptism, which ?Pope St. Stephen condemned as heretical. Doubtless the great African doctor was' fully as learned as the" Pope, but the primacy of the latter was lecognised. because he was the successor of Peter, to whom Our Lord said :—.. "I have prayed for thee- that thy • faith fail not; confirni thy brethren." . The prayer was not in vain. After the lapse of ages the office and prerogatives of Peter are the same. The rock is still unshaken, and the gates of hell shall never prevail against the Church. While the Papacy stands, the Church will continue, and that will be for ever. The Pope is to the . Bishops and priests what the sun is to the planetary systems. The same is true of Bishops and priests. In union with the Pope, they are the channels of divine grace. The Church applies through them the fruits of the all-bountiful redemption. Her sufficiency is -frtftri tKg' merits of •her spouse and -founder,? Christ. by the institution of Christ. is of divine institution'rem^iris always the same. The words of. the-^wentieth chapter of the Acts of the Apostles : " Take heed to yourselves, and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath placed you Bishops, to rule the Church of God, which he hath purchased with His own blood," apply to the Bishops of our own age as much as they did to the Apostles and those consecrated by them. The institution of the prissthood is not less clear. Our Lord said to his Apostles, " Do this for a commemoration of Me, whose sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven them, and whose sins you shall retain, they are retained." Those words were spoken not to them alone, but to all their successors in the priesthood. If it were not so, the Church would disappear with them, and Christ would fail in his promises. The more one contemplates the constitution of the Church, the clearer becomes its divine origin. It is not the work of man, but of God. Harmony prevails in all the parts. The world never witnessed such perfect unity as exists between the Pope and the other members of the clergy. He is to them what the sun is to the planetary system. All revolve around him. From him they receive their inspiration, and under his guidance all good works are done. His primacy extends to all the Bishops, and the influence of his authority reaches priests and people in the most remote corners of the earth. This is a consequence of the commission to feed the lambs and the sheep, for it is the duty of Peter to guide the Bishops as well as the individual members of their respective flocks. Sublime is the office of the priesthood, and transcendent the dignity. Catholic hearts go out in tender emotions to the Lord's anointed, but the consideration of the benefits conferred on humanity, through their ministry, fills the soul with sentiments of gratitude The Pope, too, is the centre and source of all these Without hiin there would be neither unity of doctrine nor uniformity of discipline. The stream of revelation would be poisoned, error would prevail, and the truth would disappear False maxims and unsound moral principles would corrupt society. Liberty and order would give place to despotism and anarchy. Yet there are men who would rid the world of the Papacy and the priesthood ; but their desires will not be accomplished, for Christ shall be with His Church all days, even to the consummation of the world. Every heart shall turn towards Rome, and the Pope shall guide all. Evils may spring up, and dissensions may disturb the peace of timid souls, but the voice of Peter, like that of Jesus, will calm the storm. Let Jesus be your model, and may your hearts ever be united to the See of Peter. Priests of Jesus Christ, may you be blessed for ever ! May your years be fruitful, and your eternity full of bliss! Your dignity is more than angelic, and your power is divine. You give grace to repentant souls, and you nourish the mystical body of Christ with His real body. You dispense that .heavenly bread which fills the Church with confessors, virgins, and saints without number. Through your ministry the work of human redemption is continued, and the precious fruits, of eternal- life are applied to weary "souls. Let Jesus be your model, and May your hearts be ever united , to the-See of Peter! 