A MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. CASE INVESTIGATED BTY A SCORE OF PEOPLE AND VOUCIIED FOR BY A PROMIINENT NEEBER OF PAbRLIAMENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CON. CONSIDERED INCURABLE BY THE FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE WORLD HAS AT LAST DEEN CON QUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR WIL LIAMS' PINK PILLS. (From the Austraosian Weorkna.) On Thursday afternoon our represen tativo mode his way to the humble homea of Mr Thomas Jarris, 45 Crown Lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale, and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convrnles. cence. Ia reply to the preliminary questions, he said : "'You want to know all about my case? WVell, I am glad of an oppor tunity to tell you. The facts may be of valoe to those who are stricken as I was." " HSow long were you suffering ?" "Well. twelve months ago I got so had that I had to leaveso off work, and I have done nothing since thet. About five years ago, next Christmasn, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalled while taking a bath in Pitt street, Syd. ney. Since the accident I hlave beec in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island. " What were the symptomse?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as mocb as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladdeP, and was a nuis ance to tomyself and ooveryone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. Oe the SIrd March last I saw a well known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutione." " Did you make use of the order ?" - " No; I caome hiomo annI wont to bed, and have been pretty wall in bed ever since. Fivo weeko ago I could not wtalk across tie floor; ill fact I could not got out of bed. I felt thel that it wasn all ovor with me, and only a quoestion of day wheon I would givu up tho ghost. ly dctolr nwa oattrnding ms, and did oiall he could, by opium and tnorphia pills, to ense the agony I was in. I was under him for firve or six weeks. He camo to thoe eouclusion that I was suffer oing from locomotor staxia, or progressive locomotor staoy, a disease of the spinal cord, characIteried by peculiar distulor bances of gait, and difficulty in co ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten yoneass, anid that I might noeverget th osa of my legs. (Just thoen thle patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that modical opinion is not infallible.) WelVol, jUot as a drow?ning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea convpeyed by tho dverotisement of a case of another boiler-maker in Englnod, which I reoad n thie Adstrallian lorkrman, y Dr Williams' Pink Pills for 'Pale People. I read in the advertisemoont of a ence which seemed to fit my oirwn. I doter mnied to giove theo Pink. Pills a trial anyway, and seunt for a box. The effoct wns as marovellonsas u'it wasn magical. I wos able to eat and shop as though nothing was the matter with me. It wes the first apetito and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I im mediately left the bed and was able to moero abot. I lhave taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four'weeks, and am now Ilning the fifth box. I can nwalk about with the aid of a stiek, I nd am rodualloi. hbut sorely. recoveriur o my foromer rigor anl vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are por? feetly new, and I lnavo never used them. They were made for me.before I got the Pink Pills, but I lass too week to use them. and now I don't want them. All I;want is this stick, add I hope soon to do without it. Y'ou see I am rapidly regaining my strength." " 1o is 100 per cent better," said Mrs Jarvis, who.had come in and taken tile baby on her knees. "The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who ncalled in at this point said that Jsrvis looked tenll years younger that day than he did a fortnight pro vionuely. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the fooling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to re sume work asn a boilermaker, and 'you know I have to be in the very pink 'of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any timeoduriong the past flee years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these pink pills. They hare saved my life. I am in no pain what ever, and feel lika a new man. On thu mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphis pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the oxcruciating pain. Blt they can stay where they are, for I no longer neecd them. Everybody whno knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out hero." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the news papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr WVilliams's pink Pills for Pale People. They core loeeo motor staxy, partial paralysis and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anausemia, pale and sallow complexion, general mEuseular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortnooss of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. MIr J. S. T. lt'Gowen, leader of the Labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in conneetion with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr Ml'Gowneri says he Ias known Jarvis from infaney. He also knoIw that he Ihad to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he de veloped. LHe afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. IIe understood Jarvie nwas refused admission to tihe Sydney hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr I'Gowen was, therefore, like everyono else who knew the facts, astounded at the com plete recovery of Jarvis. Dr Williams's Pink Pills are obtain. able from all. leading rlchemists, or from tte Der Williams' Medicine Company., Queoen's Place, Sydney, who swill far ward (post paid) on receipt of slampsor post order, 1 box for 2s 9d, or i dozen for 140 0J.-An. 