THE HAUNTED HOUSE. 'The pensiontt examiner who had been oin duty in a southern state. was in Watnsh ington for- a week or two. as is the cus tom among that class of public servants. and ht was telling of what he had seen and heard in his bailiwick. "Oh. yes." ihe said, in respolnse to a query. "there were 'ha'nts' there-. for where are they not where the darkey pre vails? But the reaol ghost of Jhe wihole section was in :tn old house Inllvn as H-larley Hall The old house was nearly a hundred years old, and as far back as tile people could Irememberl. It had tihe lrepu tation of being haulnted This relrputtioll had irimarily grown out of the fact that in one of the great rooms of the housett was a door leading somllewhelre whcIrh had never been olllpened. as far as kntownl. :land whllich resisted every efforit to ,Ipen it. Tiie rorom wras rwainsroted ill oak nearly to thIe ctiilng. alnd thie door was only, aolut six fetei high and three flet wide. and see?elliCd appropr'iate as tile Centran.ce to 3 secret chllamber. It had heavy iron hinlt-cs and a le:lrvy i:'or larteih :Lnl si: plri. eatell deeply by thil rust. \eritll I s.lt it. " I responseol to a s?tcuggetion 'frolli tilhe ownller tof the Ilaot. who was showillg nle \over itl. tnd teliing he the story of its ghost. I mtadle anll etlt to get the dot1 o)me. h?ath by pullingR at it and by put tinrg rlmy shoulder against it. aid llpush ing- with :1ll my strlength. 1 ero-n wt lit SO far as to rig r: kilntl of. t clumsy jack agalinst it to force it open. but it rIefuse to budge an in-ch. I could tell that it t..s a well ntatle itnr bIy ithe sound it ga've folrth ovwhen lpountle;d o11. but: there wvas nl reaslrn rltpplrentlt t "w hy it should not opeltn ito revel what was on the osther side rof it. "The story w\\\ias (not, :o r.c weird one, consisting mnostly ot the- ruriorr that on certain nigrhts this doorll oIl'pened, and a former mnaster of te hlouse came forth to wonrlder about. l-l had never dtlotne oaty harmn or anry gonod to any one. and onl tlie whole the gho?t stsory was rather tamne. but the dOoor was there, and there was a. mystery :blout that which wras :till unsolved through all the years. "Last year. the owner of the house, a my suggestion, opened the old hall for summer boarders, and I led the van and took the room with the mysterious '-or in it. "'lany's the.night-tvre sat and watch ed thatt door. ? and often of moonligrht nights I'e sat -iirtth, open wiildow,wait Ing t` see ri-fthe sveetness of'the south ern summer nigit would not tempt the old nmaster to wander? but le never camne forth to'-meet me: "'One riight though, canie the revel.w tion of:the mrstery. - A curtain in one of the, windows of a wing of the house was blowui Into a candle Ilh.lne. and five minutes later fire was raging. Half an. hotir later the fire twas out. but the wing adjoining my room had lost its upper half. exposiing the wall of the mnain building: In the repairs tha:t followed this \\\all was partly removed, and it was shown that the mysterious door rwas not a door; but merely a joke on posterity, played by the original proprietor, who had a heavy- piece of oak put in the wainscoating. and had cuaved it with Ilis own hanIrds to resmblllie a door The hinges and latch.he had put in to carry the trick to the very end. That door." concluded the narrator. "by actual mea suirenent was fourteen inches thick and solider than a stone wall. so that it was no wonder nobody could ever open it." "x'Washington Star." 