THE MOST. ' . ? 4^T ? ? ? THE STKAWBE&RY; HILLS SENSATION A MYSTERY EXPLAINED. THE, CULPRIT A BOG. The ghpst story has received a bad knock by this narrative of the lady who. formerly occupied the alleged haunts of spookdom. She is & widow, and with her two children had occupied the house for three months- only vacating it on the Satur day previous to the night on which Constable Harland and 'his mate met with their desperate adventure. This lady states ' that she had not only seen, no manifestations of a ghostly nature during her tenancy, but that she had, as a martyr to ? rneumatJcs, frequently lain awake, for hours together, at the very hour when churchyards yawn. The dematerialised would appear, if the constables' story be correct, to' have a decided partiality for frightening mere mortals; why, then, did he not indulge his whim when his lonely fellow-tenant was but a poor weak woman with a couple of children? She utterly discredits the story. As an explanation she states that a small fox-terrier, her property, had been very fond of climbing to a small attic room,. the stairs to which are very steep. When she removed to her pre sent residence, the dog would sometimes go back to the old house, and if the door was open resume possession of his former lair. On the day pre vious to the eventful night, a lady who lives in the vicinity, and who has possession of the keys, had lent them to some intending tenants to in spect the house, and on their return the back door had been left open. It is most probable the dog was _ sitting on the step when the constables hove m sight; that he went upstairs on their endeavor to approach him; and that on their final retire meat he followed them down again. At any rate, the dog was away from home that night, and re turned again the following day. A rumor has gained currency that the constable on probation, Harland's mate, had resigned from his- new billet, last Thursday night's experience having convinced him that a policeman's life is not always a happy one; but such is not the case. He is evidently determined to still go where duty cans, even though his opponents should be of the 'Geordie' and 'Cissie' variety. 