THE PHANTOM VOICE. A STRANGE CASE IN COURT. SIrrrINo on the verandah of his sum mer residence by an inland lake in Michigan, surrounded by his family and guests, the venerable Judge Wattles told the strangest story of his professional career. "' Immediately following my admis sion to the bar," he said, "I was made prosecuting attorney, accepting the honour as a deserved tribute to my superior abilities. But you must bear in mind that this was a good many years ago, in a little valley town of Pennsylvania, where we were hemmed in by the mountains and had few with whom to compare in the matter of intelligence or attainments. "In the criminal annals of the county there were the evidences of a well-disposed community, and it came asa startling sensation when Farmer Jenkins, driving home late one night, was beaten to insensibility and robbed of a large sum of money. Here was work for me, and I went at it with the zeal of asn ambitious beginner. Jen kins insisted that he would be able to identify his assailant, seen in the dim moonlight that sifted through the trees, describing him as a tall, well dressed young man with a dark mous tache, and an angry red soar across his left cheek. " ' Why, I seed that air critter,' de elared Constable ~Joe Huskey. ' I kim on him sudden like yisterday when I was fishin' at Pankey Holler orick. Th' fellar war min swimmin' an' tole me he war just outen the city for a lettle recreation. I'd know him 'mongst a thousan'.' "By employing competent assist ance from Philadelphia, we ran down our iman, Jenkins and Huskey both recognising him at sight. -.A few days after the arrest, and while I was working on the case, a hand some, matronly appearing woman walked into the ofice, introducing herself as the mother of the) prisoner, who had given the name of Harry Winter. She bore the unmistakable marks of refinement, and in a brief statement, punctuated by convulsing sobs, assured me that a terrible mis take had been made. Harry was her son, her only support, and she a widow. He was the soul of honour, and had never given her an hour's anxiety. He was with her the [night of the assault and rob bery. They had walked for an hour in the evening, after which he read to her, goin; to his room at 11. It was a physical as well as a moral impossibility for him to have done the great wrong laid at his door. Her story greatly im pressed me, but there was the positive identification by Jenkins and the con stable. "Less than a week later I had another caller; a well-dressed man, who walked with a limp, and who said he had been sub?conaed by the defence to show Winter's good repu tation. But nothing could have sur prised him more, for he knew the accused to have a damning record. He declared that he had a full confes sion of that very crime from the pri soner, who had relied upon the cripple as a loyal friend, simply because they had met occasionally at the mother's house. This swept away the doubts that she had created, convincing me that her clinging lqve had overcome her regard for the truth. I gained a pro mise from the cripple that he would say nothing till called to the stand by the other aide. " When the prosecution had made its case at the trial I was entirely satisfied. Just after Jenkins and Huskey had sworn point blank, as I knew they would, word reached me that there was a private detective in the court room who wanted Winter for a crime committed in New York. This was help from an unexpected source, and I soon had it before the jury that the ugly scar on Winter's cheek was made by a man defending his home against burglars. There was not a weak link in the chain of evidence that had been coiled about him. "On his behalf the testimony of the weeping mother made a deep impression, but I was confident that the spell she had put upon the 12 men sitting in judg ment would yield to the cool delibe rations of the jury room. After several unknown witnesses had given testimony tending to show that Winter had led a reputable life, the man who had called upon me limped to the stand, and I must confess that I re joiced at the anticipated confusion of the defence. "But there was a most unaccount able intervention. No sooner was the oath administered to the witness than a voice from overhead solemnly warned him to remember that he had made sacred promise before his Maker to tell nothing but the truth. The pri soner dropped heavily into his chair, the jurymen went white as ghosts, and the judge cast a troubled look about the ceiling as if to detect the bold offender, 'Order in the court' was gruffly demanded, and the cae proceseeed. The first material question asked was as to the charaoter of the prisoner, and the same phantom voice, this time from the rear of the judge, called the collapsed witness by name, and said, in measured tones, 'Re member that the pains and penalties of perjury are not inflicted in this world alone, but are imposed through all eternity.' " The court whirled and gasped with a terror that his pride sought vainly to conceal. An unknown dread was upon me and the jurymen were stricken with fright. Hard-headed.. and practical old farmers as they were, the superstition that had lain dormant and dying through generations was quickened into life. But it was the witness who cringed and stared as though in the presence of death. He admitted a bitter enmity toward the the prisoner whose liberty he had meant to swear away, though called in his behalf, and wound up by not only swearingthat Winter was a model young man, but that he was seen walking with his mother by the wit nes on the night in question. "I felt the ground slipping from under me, but the dramatic climax was yet to come. From an open door into one of the small adjacent rooms hurried an excited man, with striking features and blazing eyes. He rushed - to the prisoner, embracing him as a father might have done, and then dey manded, rather than requested, that his evidence might be taken. It was to the effect that he had been a captain in the Mexican war, that Wmter, then a mere boy, was a drummer whom the captain loved as a father; that when he was shot from his horse in a charge the boy gallantly fought back the murderous Mexicans till stronger assistance could come, and that there he had received the wound which left such a ghastly soar; The impetuous witness even got in a statement that there must be some vile conspiracy against Winter, and wanted to confront the private deteo tive. But he had disappeared. The 3ury acquitted without retiring, and I thought their verdict a righteous one. "One evening, some years later, when South on business, I found time heavy on my hand, and dropped into a place of amusement. I was in differently interested until that voice of the court-room, which still haunted my memory, came .from an upper corner of the hall, I felt like run ning, but, turning to the stage, I saw my hero of the Mexican war. He tipped me a. recognition, and- later went with me to the hotel. There, nder pledge of secrecy, he gave me the inside facts of that mysterious trial. "The alleged mother, the alleged detective, the alleged captain, the cripple and Winter were all members of a shrewd gang of crooks operating in the east. Winter had committed the robbery, and his pals had put up the elaborate scheme which saved him. They enjoyed many a laugh over the manner in which they had 'done' the 'Rubes' up in my county. Winter was then doing a. life sentence. The 'mother' was dead, the 'detective' fld the country, and the cripple went with him. The 'captain' was one of the best ven triloquiste of the day, and had become a 'professor,'- who made an honest: living. It was his voice, thrown at will, that left the simple Penneylvania. folks thinking that we had encoun-. tered the supernatural." 