\- S|t ^tenjidtet larked 'Personal,' — . ? A ? . PART IV. . XXVI. The Electro^later. . '.' 11 Gun-shot wounds!' he exolaimed, reading off the title in a singalarly deep and mellow voice. ' So Thomas Dalton dipped a littlo into surgory, it seems.' ? The words vrora to himself, bat to one accustomed to watch the electroplater at hiswork.it would have been apparent that they went farther and pierced deeper ihaa the speaker intended, or at the present moment was to all appearance aware. 'I have known Balton a long time,' was his next remark, ' bat I did not imagine that his knowledge was so varied. Note what a man reads, and yon learn the aan, they say. Let as note what this man reads, and perhaps we shall be able to loam the soorot of his disappearance.' Taking down another book, he glanced it over. ' Ho, ho ! ' Care of the Browning, and What to do in Cases of Sadden Asphyxia.' Very good! \- And here's a treatise en poisons, and more than one pamphlet 'on ' Singular Cases of Men who have bees Eestored to Life after a Period of Seeming Death.' Cnrions ! one wonld think he had o mania on tho snbjeot of death 1' ' Mortuary literature, I called it,' chuckled old Cnrtis. ' Wasn't I ;, tight V\ The stranger lifting his head, ran his eye along tho shell above him and smiled with a curious, deep, and un fathptaablo satiafaotioa that was not without its element of sarcasca. ?'Elec- tricity ! Magnetism ! Patent office Re ports ! and a whole row of works on the various sciences. I think I knew the man sow, and can guess what errand it v?as that took him away.' Turning about, he glanced toward the window, and the light thus falling on his faee showed it to be deeply pock marked. 'I should like to speak to Hnse,' said he, and took a step forward. At the move, Stephen, who had not turned hia hoad an inch since the man \- cams into the room, stiffened and draw tbaok again, as if something from the flying wheel had struck him in the face. Bat he bont forward again almost im mediately ; and to the janitor, who was . just going out of the deor, his shoulders had never looked higher, nor his whole form mere awkward or ungainly. ,, .Meantime the stranger continued to ' advance in a leisurely manner down the room. His step, whioh was naturally Blow, paused and hesitated juet now longer than usual, so that many minu tes seemed to pass to the agonised man ? at the. window before a smart click was heard which proved that the intruder had stopped, at the table to handle some of the many objects that were lying upon it. It was a slight souad, and seemingly unimportant, but as it Btruck upon the ear of Stephen Huse it appeared to work a ehsnga in his innormost being. His cheeks, which had merely been pale, toned suddenly blue, and the wheel whirling before his eyes been able to apeak, ifc could have told «f the birth of some awful purpose, that, rising like a ghost from his soul, now stared out of those fixed and horrible orbs bent un blinkingly forward. Bnt the wheel had no voice, and to the Btranger sauntering carelessly on ward, there waa nothing in the figure, rising dimly befere him, to attract his attention, much less to aronsa his fear or awake his apprehension. ' The electroplating machine was busy at work, and a whole row of variously shaped objects hung in the solution. As the stranger appreaehed the vat, his feet involuntarily paused again, and his ever ready hand went out, when suddenly from the seemingly unconcerned man in ihe window, a voico cams, so shrill, so high-pitched, and so charged with some heavily pressed feeling, that, had the Btranger been of a more highly orga nized temperament, he canst have paused and asked hitaself what secret terror or mad desire could be working in the heart of the man that could omit such sounds. 'Youhad better be careful,' this singular voice ciied. ' Strangers had better set potter about too much where eleotroplating is going on.' 'Might get a shock ?' laughed the man, looking into the vat with growing curiosity. 'Might get a shock,' repeated Huse, ; still without turning his hend. ' Well, all the shock that little thing eonld give me,' chuckled the ether, throwing back his splendid shoulders and eyeing tho brushes resting on the com mutator, with s sarcastic geod nature, ' would affect me just about as much as a mosquito-bite, I sbonld say.' ' Perhaps : but all the same, I say, keep away,' cried the other. And, without looking at his visitor, he left his wheel, and with a face whose expression was happily hidden in the darknoss of the shop, he suddenly took the belt from the electroplating machine and carried it quickly over to where the curtain hid Dalian's invention. ' Can't trust me, eh ? ' signified the stranger, with careless good-humor. 'One would think you knew me. I remember that my mother noed to say, when I was a small shaver, that I would play with the lightning if I had & chance.' Stephen Huae trembled like a man in an ague, but he said nothing. He was fitting the bell to the now invention. ' Ab, and what have you there !' Qflked the stranger, coming so near that bis Btesdfast and powerful frame touched the weak and trembling arm of the workman. 'It's without a name yet. I call it an eloctro-dynamio engine,' explained the other, with shrill curtaess ; and Vritb ono awful side look at the uocon. soions giant, he went back to tho window where he took up a fresh object and Ijeld it madly against the buffing-wheel. ' An electro-dytnanic engine. And what is that ?' inquired the other, lean ing over the mysterious machine the armatudo of which was now whirling with dangerous speed. Stephen Huso, with his face bent over his work, did not answer. He was listening with suppressed breath for some thing more than speech, and bad the darkly blurred window before him been a mirror, it would have shown a face hor ribly distorted by some inward struggle. ' I've heard the word,' continued the stranger, touching first one part and then another of the curious machine before him, ' but my scientific knowledge is not great enough to tell me what it means. Have these knobs I see here any use? ' An odd sound came from the man at the wheel ; he seemed to be choking. Did the fear that this intruder, evidently known and greatly feared by him, wonld grasp those two knobs and so meet from the interrupted current an instant and terrible death, paralyze his Bpoech and make him inoapable of action, or did he wish hits to stumble upon tho doom ly ing hidden before him, and, having some conscience left, shrink in dreadful terror from his own inward expectancy ? His silence, his fixed, watehful, listening silence, does not tell ; and yet when with a short langb tbo careless stranger comes finally from the thing, the sud den mad desperation with whioh Stephen Huse flings up tho window and takes in the wholesome autumn air wonld have revealed something of his feelings, had not the stranger's mind been wholly fixed upon a purpose of his own which he has now determined to put into execution. (To be Continued.) 