Answers to Corres pondents It s not always possible to answer communications under this heading in the issue following receipt and sometimes several issues appear before we are able to do so.] Rurigencb.— Our paper is probably read very widely in your district, though you fail to say what district it is. I'm grateful, very grateful, for your good wishes, but if I published your letter it would be more widely read than ever by the class that laughs, but doesn't pay. We are catering for nice people who pay for their paper, and yarns of that sort don'o suit them any more than they suit me. W.O.F. — I suppose I must hang on to those initials 1 If you don't mind I won't. It was that chap who laughed over your initials. He's a good sort, and I hope to getter better acquainted with him. I'm glad you got a good boundary rider, for good men are scarce. I got your cheque and I've sent a 32 calibre Winchester Rifle and 200 cartridges. It's a daisy. The rifle is £3, the cartridges 13s, and I don't know how much the carriage will be yet, but I'll let you know later, If it turns out what you want, and you do send a fat turkey, as you say, all-rightee, but don't you send any blooming crows, or eagle-hawks or things. I'm full up of jokes. P.S. — The carriage cost 5s 6d ; that's for cartridges ! They won't carry powder cheap. One op the 84,000. — I suppose you're a funny man. My opinion of a funny man is not quite so bad as my opinion of a man who writes anonymous letters. Somebody has suggested the idea of putting Butler on to an ant's nest. I don't know that agree I with it quite, but if it was to put the writers of anonymous letters there, I'd have some hesitation. If you'd take Burns' lines to your heart, it would do some good — 41 Wad some power of giftie gie us.' You can't even quote Burn's cor rectly. You're not clever, you're noc good, you're not anything but an anony mous scribbler. Never mind, sonnie, perhaps you mean well, so I'll forgive you, because you don't expect much sense from an owl. D.D.B. — I'll get thoBe things analysed, and let you know the result. About the show, can you let me have the exact date 1 I'd rather have no date than a wrong one, because I find that people accept our show dates as correct. We do our level best to get the dates of all the shows, and I wish you'd stir up your secretary. We don't charge for the entry, and it's a good standing advertisement for them. J.J. — Have sent the book on 41 Obstetric Nursing,' and your stamps were amply sufficient. Thanks. T. E. and Co.— Thanks for cheque and for postal note for subs. A receipt has been sent. W.A.S. — The paper will be sent to you with pleasure. We want all the people of your type to take a living interest in it. We are on the war-path, and want all the help we can get. J.P. — How are you, boss 1 I've been wondering what had come of you this long time. I narrowly missed seeing some of your folks when in town, and I've been regretting it ever since. That little book of Dr. Arthur's, ' Purity and Impurity,' is a good one, and a careful reading of it will improve men as well as do good to boys. The price of it is 4d post free. We've sent it. It strikes me that I'd better write another review of it. E.C.T. — Steamer leaves here for Grafton on Tuesdays and Saturdays, at 9 p.m. The fare is 50s. saloon re turn, 15s steerage each way. Glad to dig up any information of that kind, B.S. — It's good to hear from you, but I'd like to know how you're doing, We'll send the grasses along all right. I like your idea of my making a charge, but that won't work. Take yourself, for instance. I couldn't charge you, now, could 1 1 I'd ask you to help me ifl a minute, if I wanted help. But here's where I'm going to make it pay. Listen. I'm not run ning this paper for philanthropy, and no honest man wants me to. When I get orders from the bush I look out the very best place to get the things, and then the chap will advertise with me. D'ye see ! I want the man in town to support this paper, for the good of the man in the country. As soon as you chaps out back, persuade the town fellows that the ' Stock Journal' is the one you read and patronise, then I'm right. Of course it's a bit of a novelty that, in jour nalism, but since I've got to know the 'bushies,' I'm persuaded it's the right method. So you needn't apologise for sending me orders. I like it, and it's good' for business. F.B. — I like to be civil to all ' con stant readers ' of our paper, and I'll do anything I can for them, but you make me feel bad. I'm sure you're nice and kind and civil, and I'd like to say some nice things in return, but you want me to be honest, don't you ? The poem is sweet, and musical, and very perfect, but there's nothing in it. Your friends will admire it, but as to its commercial value, it's nil. If we had space we'd publish it, because it's nice, but what's the value of ' nice ' poetry? As to the story, it is on exactly the same lines. It's beauti fully written, and nobody could find fault with it, except that there's not an idea in ib. All the requirements for literary work are pens, ink, paper and brains. You've got nearly the whole lot. Now I want to apologise for saying so much, but, if I'd said less I wouldn't have been doing right. I'd tear this up, if I were wise, be cause I'm afraid you'll feel bad, but it must go for I'm busy. I've kept the MS. for your disposal. Wallaroo. — We've sent you Dr. Arthur's little book, and now I'd like to have a yarn wibh you, but it's hard to know where to begin. As soon as ever I can find space, that rabbit yarn of yours is going in. But you've got the wrong grip of my at titude towards the 'fat man,' A bad ' fat man ' is as bad as a bad lean man. They are greedy, grasping men who have been ruined by their own cursed land hunger, and nobody needs to feel sorry for them. There are men who have grown rich by evil methods, but I hope you don't think that I'm a friend of that push. But I hold that there has been a lot of bitter injustice done to the pastora listw of this country. Very few of them have been able to grow rich, because the men in town have made the laws for them, I hold that the man who goes out into the bush and takes up land and raises sheep aud sends wool to market, ought to be the hero of the country. What have we made him ? A bankrupt I But it's no nse me talking now, is it? I believe that you agree with me in your heart. W.K. — Thanks for the information It's jolly near time that somebody woke up. But I believe there is a general tendency that way, and tricks of that kind help us on. E O. — Thanks for your letter. I'm begiuning to think that you are the one who called on me once. 1 wonder if|you are 1 How's your brother 1 He Beems to have given me the sack. F.L.M. — The paper will be sent as usual, now on the agents' list. T can't make out where the trouble oomes, but I've done my best to make it dear and straight. An editor of a paper, has lots of trouble, my word; but he's got lots of fun, too ! It's no use me worrying about it. There was a man in to see me today that has had an awful bad illness, and he just pulled through by the skin of his teeth. It made me feel human to see him, and it made me wonder why we can't be kind to one another. We'll all peg out some day, and if our ghosts could re visit the glimpses of the moon they'd think — a lot. I'll play fair till I peg out, and if I can't please everybody well — I won't, that's all. Concertina. — All right, me boy ; wait till I meet you again, and I will II cut ' you, and show you the toney way to do it, too. You know we had a Rabbit Conference in town last week, well, I saw a man a gazing at me, and I gazed at him. But he made no sign. When a chap introduced us he was awful nice, and said he read our paper and knew me and everything. What I want to know is, why didn't he say, ?? Hello ? ' If he'd said he read the ' Stock Journal ' that would have been enough; we'd be friends. But when a fellow gazes at me as impassively as a brass joss with glass eyes, what can I do? I've got a magnificent forgettory, and can hardly ever recognise a face again, or put a name on to it. But it's not through pride ! I expect you played joss on me, and if you do it again we'll quarrel. Shake hands ! 