BY THE IRG?O OF GIRCUM STANCES. Only n woman's face!. Yes, but m. very striking one. At least, so it appeared to colonel Ferrers as it dawnedi suddenly on his vision. The deep red of her :hair .ivas' f'.the hue that Romney loved to paint l e~ complexion was of that peculiai trans parency which often' accompanies :liir of that particular color. Thei mouth was: perhaps a trifle irregiilar u;: ?ih ltis were full, red, and exprensit e. W'_'hat mnade the fade howfeveri was a wion dei ful paii ofeyres, which shoiie liike stars under the" ilow folchead wtiht its'cio?vn ofc?ufling haii ::iFerrer: gazde was so fuill -of amir aloni vissiblyappaieit that the objedt of itiabruptly : verted her eyes? not witl lut some, tmce of annoyance. `'?Who: is that womaniT'i said .Ferrers toMSir Willian lValletop;, vho as' riding vwith hiim ; 'the odne' -withtth r'ed .hair,: who is passing now ' S."I am:.sure:I don t knoio," epiedSir Williarmn --,Never 'sawi'her before Fine creature " \--:In"process of tiie :Ferrei;s discoverie that the unrilknown'lady rode a- good deal in, the: Row;'that' none- of: his, 'fiends seemed to dnow lier eveii by name;: that the ·men':iile or less agreed w"ith- Sir William's estimate of her aippearance; and-:thatithe ladles were -disposed to b make .spinlesiteful little jokes about the color of he 'r hair,. ' S.i"Dry' shampoo would go off at the' mere sight of that flerytop-knot,' said i Lady Elvedon, and this witticism may t be taken as a sample of the :rest.: r -Then one day there was great:excite ] ment in the Row. One of the harum2 scarumn madcaps who run wild :in it, C and are only occasionally called to order t by the mounted police, galloped:: hehad= long over. the tan towards Kensington Gardens, -incidentally. and accidentally I throwing up a great showver of mud oyci the,rearward position.of the horse'. of another lady. That charger, surprised I and?Indignant at this unexpected com pliment, bolted in the other direction. i Thereiipon arose "a great commotion, everybody screaming at once. Sundry ? Ill-advised equestrians galloped, head- I long ater, the..runaway, with the natural iesult that, frightened by the tish of th~ e shQuting and the tirampling 1 hoofbs,'lhe became quite unmanogeable. '-Wh? n Ferrers riealised what was hap pening, he halted his horse and waited for tei fulgitive to pass him. Then he daited ouit;. caught the bridle of the animal, ' nd brought him suddenly idound tinthe same instant passing his arm round the lady's waist to counter .'ac th`e xioleince of the'shoclk: The feat was'one which only 'a skilled horseman I could have performed. If he had bung- I led it, he would hava risked -both lives. hut'then,:as many of the spectators who I knleiw him isaid, Heny F'errers had' been accustomed to horses from infancy,: and it wasn't-for nothing thatlhewas one of thei principal pillars' of"'?the Ranelagh first polo team '- ,' . " . : eirhaps, 'moreove,r, lie- was moment.- I oarily ifnpired?vithtunusual strength,-for Flth'e: unfortufi nate ladyw3as'identical:wiil I. the owi'ner of. thesultrv h'wijr'whohad so Spoweirfully attracted his thoughts. : : ':The'rescue was-antaffair of a minute; When it became evident that:the,; lady, whas'ot hurt, and;that- the.a:ccldent. was averted the excitement,?ceased, andthe fashionable ;crowd,: not, perhaps .,with. out, some:slight.;: feeling of;.disappoint" ment, like people baplked;of a sensation, turned ;away to more:' ordinary m.iic dents-. , ;.. . . .... ,-:{s ri : 'a That the lady was,,high-spirited and ,brave_ was evident. for she was more ex hausted than frightened. She realised ,that, her steed bad been?ieducei to.pro, per subjection, and she resu ed her con . ."You have saved,.my life, she sald;, Witi -great feeling and thde beatiful eyes shone like sotars:"'Buitfo"you -I hhusband'hlie. will be overwhelmed:i ith gratitude: Youi must?i eriye' nfour ad diss, :id hie :will caill?'and tlank 'you personally,, tihough no~ mere thanks can express the e f d th` e ohlietlition you have put us under.". SThere ivas?just:no Wordin'i her speech 'hich diestroyed,'ailtits swieetness' to Heimry Terreis.: :Ier, husbiand: Sh'e had a hiusbanid 1then wiho wais devoteadto hCio anh' sie'o him no doubt. What thenwi ??"tl e t tod?"D ?ttei Wiere it not to",e liertagain - : . , ,..., He strovg to ?assthe ematter off as of no consequence-just a mere ordinary! seivice whicl' any geItlean would: he only too happy to reinderlfoa lady she would not hearof thi.,; howev er ? he -spoke very seriously' andwariiimly withr glowing expression. At last it was se tied that each wivuld adhe're;to tlil oc? view, but -that. her' husbiand; Sir John Lauder,'would call ii order to piut ihers: even-more strongly. "; : =i Later, when Ferrers went to lunch at' his club. he looi?ed up Si; John Lauder in Burke and Debrett, but without find ing him. "Have you ever.come across a Sir John Lauder, or do you know the name?" said he to a friend. "Sir John Lauder?" replied the other. It was that useful and omniscient per son; Gordon itelrose. "Wasn't he the man who was made a Jubilee baronet. partly because he was boss of the Green Ray Line and partly because he had been N.P. for Smokeboroughi for Lord knows how long?" "No doubt you are right." "Well, then, I can tell you this. I-Ie is enormously wealthy, much advanced in the sere and yellow, and has been mar ried three times." "Three times?" "Yes. I notice that men who make large fortunes by what are facdtliously known as their talents, genius, and powers of organisatidn generally run through several wives pretty quick. The fact is that lovely woman undoubtedly thrives best when she has her own way, and I expect that these men who shape the world to suit their own ends rule their wives with such a rod of iron that the poor dears die off like flies through sheer exasperation at never getting the last word. By-the-by, what's this story that I hear of your stopping a runaway horse in the Row this morning? Wrho was the lady?" "Well, she happened to be Lady Lauder." - "Phew .... I see .... People have been speculating whether you will marry her?" "It is really very good of them to con cern themselves with my affairs,'! said FeirTers, w'ho wavered between an im pulse to laugh and a keen desire to do some violent personal injury to some body. "Well, you will be able to satisfy them on that head now." "Yes .,... It is a pity. A. romance manque. ;.. And yet, who knows?" "Do not let your imagination run away w'ith you," said Ferrers, rather sternly bringing dow7n a heavy hand on the little man's shoulder with a grip that made him wince. "It is not healthy." And with these words, which may or many not have concealed a warning, he released Ielhose and left the roonm., "Now, confound him," thought the latter, "his fingers are like iron, and my shoulder will ache for a week. And why should.he be so angry if he were not epris with her, I should like to know?" This was a question which Feirers would have found it hard to. answer truthfully. Sir John Lauder catled and proved to be a large man with a florid face and white hair. Ferrers classified hint as solemn, seventy, prosy. practical. The visitor, held forth on the subject of the great service .which Ferrers had ren dpred; precisely as if he were moving a resolution in the House of Commons. Only in the latter case he might have been howled at, ?nd F?rrers had 'to en dure ln'silence 'The speechl concluded with a;i:lproposal that F?errers should confer th!"e';benefit of his friendship on the Lauder family, and cement the al liance: hy, dining with them.,, n ' :whlena t, r ge. pompous, and sonmewhat.overearing ; elderly' gentle mian?spost?ively' insists.on your;: adopt ihn'a.cburse'bf action wehich ,you feel a i;d ilad munholy lonrging to embark ori; mthough you kilow that it is ahbout the: imost lprtdent thiig :thit :youf can do, .'.the e -nnd mai b'eo ..predicted iiithout requiring any assistance' from :a ghost come from the grave for 'the purpose:, ; :.. . : ' \- in'dus course: Ferersa dined aith the Lauders. He a's most charmingly re= elv6ed by the -scdarlet-haired.: goddess; who.calledi hlm "my .preserser.'j ' ,She1 told the stori' several times in the even-' ing, bestowing the' warmest eiicomiums on the hero, and i n hen* the ladies: re:s tired, Sir' John began on. the subject. But the cliniia of all caine aftei dinner, whlien sli e made him sit oni the sofa be-: side lied~tiand talked to himi as if they had beea intimate for years. .Affer that thete ,rea.e coni inual meet ins'. She iodee iri the` Ro? ? nearily every dat :. e too t o goingo to .parties-tic the aniszement,of his:trields.atid the :in tense delight of Gordon eiti'lse, wh'lio noticed thidat wheie Fetieres went . Lady Lauder 'generally aiipeared; and'' who, vulture -like; sceinted -nmischlef -:'Then one day -just in tinie-Ferrers r-ealised thal lie Tias slipping fast doiwn the steep -'Vith in?ilttar'proimptitude he pulled himself togethier and beat a'ietrest by a forced marbhl or,- in ordinaiy' parl ance,: hlie started"to -:America at. i noment's' notice; and without saying good-bye to any 'one; and the" Laiders in comrmori with the test: of the "world; wondtered what liad become of 'him, until one day a fashionable paper, an noiunced that Lord' George-Devirne eand Colonel the Hon.' IHeffi?t-ie'm : herri ad. gone to the::Rock. Mountai-ns: to l~ishoot' big game. - From the R'ockies they-?aBtot- iia- to Yokohama, drifted fiom'tinthie into the Archilpelago ,'id ?Wandered tinf and? t" ameng the' islands all-al'ong~from Ter nate to Acheen; .froiii To'resStrait" away up to the Canton-RiverLt' At the end of three years Ferretrscon sidered hiniself.completely -cured, and: growing 'weary of the wild scenes and half-savage conms anionship of. the:b.S? lands; he determined: to returni'to Eng land,, hither George.Devine;had' long, preceded him. :Almost his flrstr'appetiiance in" civi ised ,life was' thed'visit>tliat-hea 'paid' to his married sister, whose husband was a county magnate in the West Riding of Yorkshire.-. Shortly afteTphis; return he had written announcing" the:fact, 'nsid' proposing himself as as guest. Irs'Orrae Lhaiua' wotecordiahll iA aplya sggest big ti fallowangaeaek;, antrientioninig thit. th1ey 'euld.ihavet.; housefil for, Doncaster.: She added thtihe lihad better. arrive onSaturiday, so as-to ie. in ad vance .of , thehehers: .As it happened; .however, he' could not fit ini to.the latter :part of her proposal.; anid the result was th'atwhe.he walked down to the :: drawing- rooin- before' dinner on the evening of his arrival, he found himself.face to face with--Lady Ladder... . . . . . The surprise 'is -so 'great and mutual that both- :'"uttered :ia??' exclamatioti Something? that seemed to flutter within almost liei a bird tryilg" 'to 'esciape should have 'wartned hiin tihat there are s?-me lthings: that;? even' if sunk In the deptlisof the China Seas, w'iltl spring up to-the surface again. "'"Ydu are the very last iison I should have dreamt of mieetting?' she said.' Sthel ' ats 'the 'first 'to recover hrcobiiposure: "I. thought you had'disapl?eared entirely -got lost. in somie dreadfuil wilds or othet. 'Indeed, you at-ad ' tlfiystriou person. . The abrliptne'ss:of your 'reap earance odri the' %cenie 's'onljy'equalled 'by the a.ay In' wh'icliyo'iii~iished fromn it-without even saylini good bye. I con sider:that I rehlly hail?: igtlit: blbe very mnuch offentled.'' ':"'' H'oe thljoglt that shi lookei as clhiri-a 'ing 'as ever, andnot'a 'day oliderthan' wihen he saw her last. .' ~Thefy "drift'ed"it' -onc"e it ?t?"the : :dolid, delightfil dan?tgero-us intiiiscie Hdid nt "ask1"afte1i oheih',lihsbid. ti did not aeen'i mentioni:the aame of iher bettei' half.- It-seemed to be .tacitiy -unider. 'stodUlthit:thmt ibaja i :ie;ei'sitfiaboio:i This in itself should ave been likea ttrd signal rin?theirTird" ': ',a : .:' Ittirs Otrt-Cbard'wsw as'icfteasedai to hear that they'.iiad??t-I e'oi 'He' saiedminy lifayoukin'wk n "said Lady Lauder;" and sie blusd ivi? nely as she re-told :the, story t eflir eiiostess: .; 'Irs Orre-Chard lookied kieenly ,from one to the other. She nas an aciite jidge of character:. Pe~lrhaps sheklI.new bhea.r brother's bettert thanihe did" himself: Possibly that was hyhe sane' b:limn 'into dinner with 'anothe? lad,; whe'n she could easily have told him' to take 'Lady Lauder. ' ' "Affairs" ripen rapidl? .in hod10 par ties, and there is nodthingiii a° t'race week to bring matters tV'a 'limax. Per haps, moreover, if IMrs t'drid-Chaid had not taken so much trduble to "lnterfere," as Colonel rterrers styled"her': conduct, it might have been: more effective as a check. The result of long repression, proximity, and the feeble goading of his sister axs that passion took the bit be tween his teeth, and Henry Ferrers was carried away by the wild rush of his emnotion, just as Lady Lauder had beea by her steed in Hyde Park. SAt times he remembered the husband, at whose table he had sat, and who had trusted him as a ftriend, and to whose friendship he meditated suchl a fearful betrayal. Heanwhiile the fortress had as yet given no sign of alarm and defence. He soothed himself 'with the fancy that there had been nothing in his condict to cause fear- or indignation to the most faithful spouse. At other times he in-. sisted to himself that she loved him even as he loved iher, and that it thi?eir mutu:al passion lay the excuse for---- He did not 'dare to formu late his thoughts. Then there were other moments when the supreme dignity and modesty of her demeanor made him denounce as sacrilege the mere idea of any ev-il in connection with The great devil Opportunity brought matters to the climnax as usual, Itrs Orre-Chard gave a ball to finish up the Doncaster week. Colonel Ferrers and Lady Lauder danced together, fell more in love wilth each other, and sat out ill the conservatory. There he told bler of his love for her, how he had loved her from the very first moment, and she "O shame, O sorrow.. and O womankind"- did not repulse him. On the contrary, she avowed a mutual feeling, adding that she knew it .vns very wicked of'her, but that it wans a fact that she jiad been very mnuch attracted by him from the day when ha saved her life. He pressed upon het attention the \- considarttion of tile date, "Whe r we lleave here," he said, "let us go stligliht to Loundnn, and then "Oh, dear'. no," she crled witi Vivacity. "You must rake some concession to my feminine weakness: I shall s' nt at least three weeks to get things-' Ferrers' eyes. opened with amaze ment. Truly a' marvellous insfriace of feminine love of" dress to wish ifor .?. regular trousbeaan in order to start on?kan elopenient. - "'Besides." she added':eriously,.;there will be a gob'd de la'o olifusiriess to do first. Poor - dariiLg' Sir t!J6iin ?ilshidd that, if I married againi a certainl kitid, of settlement slidult.i be mnade'f tr: my protection: he said." and'de .puft:iti?:his will" that it shbild ble so;; and 'esides;' have'too grea't: respectfor hi nmemory, his kindness. and' generosity nIot- .t, cariy ut his 'sheso: Anld besides, fairy';.o?.e sh'ould e': t'ihe talkof iho tbwn, nd:. hiie " would y'our "sister sa? If sheowere ndtat at hiveddini?" Shootimg,. big game tends to deoelop ner e., adid Coloihel' Frrers':face did not move a muscle during this ver. woman y ,'speechi;tho6gh lhe drew his- breath deepi?y once or twice. liile one who had i.in farand fast.:- Oly 't t!he end he ook his fianicee in his arms. : -'Mrs 'Ferrers: imagined that she knew every seeret of liher husand's 'life,. but he never. told her wlirit had beri in -his mind that evenirng when lie propose, to her. Nor did Mrs Orre-Ohard ever uri derstand' whsy it was that her- brother 'always laughed like a liyena"- when she maintained that it was entirely due to her cleverness that he had captured lis rich 'wife.--"The 'orld." 