GHOSTS AND PSYCHICAL RESEARCH. The ten years' operations of the Psychical Research Society in England, so far from exploding a belief in manifestations from the unseen world, have, we fancy, increased and accen tuated that belief. And yet if we may believe the gentlemen themselves, and the printed reports of their Society, they are banded, not for the purpose of either sustaining or dissipating any form of spiritual belief, but rather for the collection and collation of facts proved on sufficient evidence. Thus when at the latter end of last year there was a sudden outbreak in France of 'perturbed spirits,' the Society despatched the Abbe Bhettes to investi gate the new phenomena on its account. A little girl named Potinibre was the beginning of the trouble. She lived at the village of Tilly-sur-Suelles, and narrated how she had seen the appari tion of the Virgin, wearing a robe with the letters U.S.P.Q. She herself did not know the alphabet, and could only point out the characters when an alphabet was shown to her. Sho alleged that she saw the reappearance of the figure more than 30 times. The manifestations extended. Crowds came to the hamlet, as many as 18,000 in one day. On Ascension Day 200 witnesses deposed to seeing a rosy cloud rise from the ground ; 80 others testified to having seen a vision of Oalvary; 60 more witnessed to the apparition of a Cross. These, how ever, were harmless things compared with the Eights that terrified others. There were headless bloody phantoms, a spectral lion devouring its prey, and peals of invisible bells ringing. The agent of the Psychical Research Society examined no fewer than 1500 witnesses, and after sifting their evi dence he reported to his principals that ' the supernatural certainly exists, ' and defies materialism and free ' thought. These phenomena appear ' to be both diabolical and divine. If ' they cannot be both at the same ' time, then the diabolical influence ' preponderates, for while an angel ' of darkness can assume the appear ' ance of an angel of light, an angel ' of light never assumes the appear ?' ance of an angel of darkness.' The Psychical Research Society duly de liberated on this report and the accom panying evidence, and arrived solemnly at the following conclusion : — 1\. The supernatural, as manifested at Tilly bids defiance to all the laws of materialism. 2\. Certain facts, but only those which have been dearly proved, seem to be of divine origin ; others betray their diabolical origin. Therefore we must admit either that Tilly is the ground tin which a battle is being fought between the divine supernatural and the diabolical ?upernatural, or that all the phenomena of which we have spoken are the result of a demoniac influence. 3\. Finally, oar practical conclusion is this ;— That it is necessary to make ex cavations in the place where the appari tions have appeared, as it is likely that thus wo may obtain valuable elements of information. So that we see, instead of scientific inquiry banishing the supernatural to the regions of the fairies and the gnomes, it is, in a sort, shaking hands with the spiritualists and working with tiiem along almost parallel lines. Th^ supernatural no longer presenu itself in the gui«e of Secret, black an.-! midnight hags, riding through thunder clouds on broom-sticks ; ~ nor in that of restless spirits sent to their account with unatoned crimes on their consciences, forbidding all rest until the offences are expiated. When Boswell inquired of Dr. Johnson what opinions he held about the dead revisiting again the ' glimpses of the moon,' the sage replied — ' All reason is against it ; all experience for it,' aud then cautiously added:— Suppose that I should think tbat I saw a form, and heard a voice cry, ' Johnson, ' you are a very wicked fellow, and unless ' you repent you will certainly be ' punished,' my own unworthiness is so deeply impressed upon my mind that I might imagine I thus saw and heard, and therefore 1 slmuld not believe that an external communication had been made to me. But if a form should appear, and a voice should tell me tbat a particular man had died at a particular place and a particular hour, a fact which I bad no apprehension of, nor any means of know ing, and this fact, with all its circum stances, should afterwards be unques tiuiiably proved, I should in that case be persuaded that I had supernatural intelli gence imparted to me. There is in a mental attiude like this the true spirit of philosophic inquiry, that accepts nothing and denies nothing saving only on what it deems sufficient evidence. The modern idea ef the ghost is anything but blood curdling. On the contrary, when it is met with, it almost always borders on the scientific. The spiritual world and the material world are not now sup posed to be separated by space, but by state only. Just as on the physical plane we are bridging over distances by the telephone, the telegraph and the railway, so the scientists in the ' other life' are supposed to be busy con structing methods of communication ?with people who have not yet made the passage of the Styx. One theory is that the human form is surrounded by a fluid envelope, which, under certain conditions, can be untilised by the denizens ' beyond ' as a means of hoisting out signals. AH these are the busy speculations, strange to say, not of tlie credulous, but of the in quiring. We often appear on the brink of a great discovery, but know ledge is shy and evades the grasp, only to reappear again in shadowy outline and tempt the curious to fresh effect. One thing is probable, it is not given to barren scepticism any more than to over fond credulity ever to enlarge much the boundaries of psychical science. The truly philosophical mind is that which constantly holds itself in readiness to accept as fact on sufficient testimony that which surpasses its comprehension. Certainly the man who imperatively rejects all belief in what is loosely called the supernatural has a mighty mass of recorded evidence to explain away, apart from that got together by the Psychical Research Society. Polling Day a Holiday.— At the UBual meeting of the Executive Council on Tuesday a proclamation was approved declaring the polling day for the federal eleotions — namely, Thursday, March 4 — a public holiday throughout New South Wales. The Weather. —Burrowa was favoured with a brief but heavy thunderstorm od Saturday afternoon, with heavy rain while it lasted. This was of course a benefit to household tanks, but of no perceptible benefit to the graBS around. There was one terrific flash of lightning and thunder clap, causing consternation in many localities. There are reports of numbers of trees having been struck and splintered. It has been very boisterous for the past few days, but there is no sign of rain. Special Cheap Excursions.— The Rail way Commissioners announce a special cheap excursion from Southern Main Line Stations to Sydney and back, leaving Binalong at 1.49 p.m. on Friday, March 5th. The return fare is 35s. first class, and 17*. 6d. second olass, and the tickets being available foi return by ordinary train within a fortnight from date of issue. Bcrrowa Municipal Council.— The UBual fortnightly meeting of the Burrowa Municipal Council lapsed on Tuesday evening, through want of a quorum, the only Aldermen present being the Mayor (Alderman Stevenson;, aud Alder men Ryan and Patterson. Committed for Trial.— At the Police Court, on Wednesday (before Mr. C. W. Weekes, P.M.), John Patrick Keane, a selector at Narrawa, 41 years of age, having a wife and three children (his wife being separated from him during the past 6veyenra), was committed fur trial to the Quarter Sessions to be held in Burrowa on 17th March, on the charge of carnally knowing oue Edith Bush, over the age of 10 years and under 14 years, to wit, between 12 and 13 years. Selections. — There were no selections taken up at the Local Land Office on Thursday. Road work. — Special attention is drawn to roadworK tenders advertised in this issue. The Election Retdrns.— The Execu tive Council has passed a further regula tion regarding the returns of tbo election Under this the returns of the voting will have to be sent direct from each pulling place by telegraph to the chief returning officer in Sydney, and subsequently to the returning officer for the electorate, who in turn will then furnish complete return of the poll taken in his division. Under this arrangement Mr. Critchett Walker, O.M.O., the Returning Officer for the Colony, will be able to form an approximate idea of the result, but the officials declara tion will not, of course, be made until the complete returns are made up, and that may be two or three days after polling day. An instruction has been issued throughout the colony that police offioers are to be employed as poll clerks where practicable. He. H. M. Tiddy's Advertisement. — Attention is directed to Mr. EL M. Tiddy's guinea advertisement in this issue. Cbicket. — A match was played on the local oval on Saturday against an eleven from Marengo. Marengo went in first, aud made £9 ; Burrowa had 113 for five wickets. ' We have a land tax in New South Wales now and it duesn't amount to much.' A voice : ' And we can't pay it ; I can't pay mine.' 'You can't! Well, give me your land and I'll pay it. (Liughter.) We have a little bit of land tut away for persons who can't pay the t»x.' (Laughter.)- Sou. G. H. Reid at Wagga. There has been a audden drop in the price., of wheat at Albury, and the local millers are only offering 4s per bushel. 