MIND AND MUSCLE AND THE r STAGE. . -r- VV.--»--' Tlie ever-popular circus managed by the Messrs. Fitzgerald will 'conclude to- night a highly successful season at tho Old Exhibition Grounds. To-night, also. tlie new drama of *' Tho Eureka' Stockade' will be staged with strikingly realistic effect? at the Theatre Royal, and the sumo placo of amusement has recently been presenting to its au diences graphic representations of the exciting tight between Corbett and Fitz Rimmons. After sucit arsthctic treats as the H.'imbourg IJrothers gave with piano and violin, aud Madame Amy Sherwin with her marvellous voice, a kind of reaction seems to have set in. Muscle is now having its turn on boards and saw dust. Excepting, perhaps, in tho cricket 6cld, nowhere is it possible moro than in a roally up-to-date circus to fully realize the perfection to which a lifelong training can bring the relations of muscle and of eyesight, combined with nerve and re source. The announcement of a series of such demonstrations thrills with de lighted expectation all the juveniles of the community, and the older folks particiftato in the sensation through sympathy . with the children's enjoy ment and on account of their vivid recollections of wliat a circus meant to them before they knew what it was to havo to pay the butcher and the baker. Like Dickens, they 'cannot quite divest themselves of their old feeling of reve rence for the riding-master, who follows the clown with a long whip in his hand, and bows to tho crowd with graceful dignity.' The marvellous mastery pos sessed by Mr. Dan Fitzgerald over his intelligent team of bronchos, and the cleverness with which he conducts his evolutions with them, may well entitle him to be styled a prince in his pro fession. Animal life has an extraordinary fasci nation all the world over, and feats with horses, elephants, lions, and other, beasts of the field are perennially tho most popular. Watch a crowd of school children collected in front of one of those wonderful posters which ^now adorn tho city hoardings, and you will find that the pictures upon which they aro feasting their eyes are not usually those of the trapezists and other acrobats — though they may on the nearest fence rail imitato their feats— but those of the animals represented, some in dangerously fierce moods, and others in altogether impossible attitudes. Disturbed dreams ma}- follow upon a too prolonged consideration of the terrors of there scenes, but the elements of dread and of pleasure have always been strangely combined and associated in the juvenile mind as well as in that nf the adult. Fights and battles on tho theatrical stage owe the principal part of thoir attractiveness to the samo popular fondness for the sensational. If actors, by a great ctfort at realism, convey to spectators the liko kind of terror which the dangers represented would inspire, they gain their point ; and few in the theatre — so powerful is the sympathy ?if numbers— remain unmoved. It re mains to be seen whether this will be accomplished to-night at the Theatre Royal The rebellion at the Eureka .Stockade g;ive occasion for the only concerted charge by a large tody of troops ever witnessed in Australia. Some of those who took part in the disturbance — the late Hon. Peter Lalor for instance — often declared that they never felt any other sensation so awe- inspiring as that produced by the swift onward rush of the line of the 40th Itegimcnt on the memorable 'g**ey Sunday morning, ju.-it after daybreak.'* The bite Lieutenant tie X. Lucas. who died at Fullarton last Sunday, was among the members of the Regiment who were dispatched to Ballara: to quell the insurrection; and his superior officer. Captain Wise, received his death-wound during the charge. The Australian his iorical drama to be presented to-nighc is bunded on facts within tlje memory o nany persons still living, and Adelaide playgoers will have an opportunity of being ''first-nighters'' in an unusual sense. . Theatrical realism is a good thing, bc jause it is well to agitate thu. nerves sometimes; but it may be overdone. At any rate, an audience in an eastern capital held this opinion a few weeks ago, when a popular young actress was nearly drowned before their eyes, and many of the spectators applauded her frantic struggles in the water under tho impression that ' they were merely introduced as part of the piece. The acci dent which caused this strange situation also flooded the stage and the orchestra. It is recorded of a celebrated King of Bavaria whose eccentricity ultimately developed into madness that on one occasion, when a shower of water was made to fall in the theatre, he was so much pleased with the realistic effect of the downpour that ho gave orders to have it continued until further notice. Of courso a King has to be obeyed even when he poses as a rain-maker, and he was this time, with tho result that all the actors were soaked through and through, and the ' properties'' were ruined. Mad monarch*, however, are not the only nuisances to bo encountered by theatrical managers who produce realistic dramas. The management at a London theatre several weeks ago had to disburse £'500 one night in performing the act of honourable restitution known as 're- turning money at tho doors.' An accident had occurred during a perfor mance by a company including Miss Pattie Brown, who is now on her way back to Australia. The drama had scarcely begun when, through a flaw in tho mechanism, the lift stuck hard and fast. There was thus loft a gap of about twelve yards in tho stage: and, as this chasm' was rather too wide to admit of tho hero appropriately paying his addresses across it to the heroine, the manager was reluctantly compelled to stop the play and announce that the admission-fees would be handed to the audience. Mani festly there is a line in realism at which the theatrical business becomes risky ; but the more sensational it is in itself the more ?generally popular it is, and there fore the moro profitable to the gentlemen who havo to cause the ghost to walk. 