THE HOUSE OF BLOOD. Thb flovnE, The country folks would point at it and say that the western windows dripped with blood at sunset. Then they would direct attention to the corn fields around, where the poppies grew so thickly. They spoke of strange figures that had been seen in the blue sha dows cf the pine trees. No man of them would walk past the house by night, and, if th9 master wanted any repairs done within, no man would do a whole day’s work, lest the twilight should steal upon him there. He was a young Master—the last, it was hoped, of that ill-fated race. In the large, silent house he sat alone, sur rounded by the ghosts of his ancestors. How many of them hah been murderers or suicides 7 It was in( the blood, and since the last double tragedy he had been shunned by rich and poor. The rich avoided him because a man whose father had first murdered his wife and then cut his own throat was no compa nion for their daughters. The young man’s melancholy, haunting eyes, bis solitary habits, the stories afloat about him and the queer old man-servant who lived with him at the house—these things made him an outlaw of society. The poor would have nothing to say to him because of his evil eye, or of the devil with which his race seemed to be possessed, or the ghosts. He used to sit in his large house alone, listening to the rats rushing round the wainscot, and the shiver of the pine trees outside. He had a book on heredity constantly in his hands. If his habits had been as well known as the legends about his forefathers, Racy’s end would have been easy to prophecy. With a morbid, persistent fatality he did everything that would be likely to lead to the crisis he dreaded. Sometimes Racy wandered through the wood till he came to a spot where red heath grew. From a certain spot it looked as if blood dropped from it; and there he always stayed watching, with his sad eyes fixed upon it. The fancy of the country folk was his, too, and he went about gathering all the scarlet flowers, looking for everything red. He would unhinge his mind if not stopped in time. The red pimpernels that grew amongst the pine needles used to stare at him as he walked ; he never came away without a handful of them. He gathered so many scarlet flowers that his path through the trees might be traced by fallen petals, like drops of blood to mark his way. Then he would return in time to see the sun set in the roseate sky, and blaze from his haunted windows. He need to look at the house, and smile bitterly, and then go in and tell old Foley that ho wonld never marry. “ Haw, naw, Master Racy," the old man would expostulate, “ doant ee say that; it’s a bonny bit lassie of a wife as ud be the makken of ee.” “ No, Foley, my man, I’ll not be guilty of risking go much misery for a woman.” The old man wonld shake bis head and hobble away. He could not follow his young master’s reasonings, and he knew nothing of heredity. 