A DECOY LUCK. A strange story is told by a wellknown cycling tourist, whose personal character is sufficient guarantee for its veracity. It appears that whilst he was riding one day through a small hamlet, a duck lluttered up from beneath his wheel, to fall apparently dead by the roadside. Its indignant owner, rushing out wayside cottage, from a stopped the cyclist, and gave him no peace until he had paid the estimated value of the duck's | life. The cyclist, having settled the affair to the satisfaction of the bereaved duck fancier, rode on his way, giving no further thought to the • matter, till, some time after, again having occasion to pass the same spot, he was surprised when the accident again occurred in precisely the same manner, the second victim oi his carelessness bearing a strange ! family likeless to the duck that he ; had previously killed. Again the owner rushed forth and mulcted him in damages. His suspicions being aroused by this coincidence---almost as strange as that experienced by the elder Air. Weller on the occasion of his conveying voters to the poll and upsetting them into the river -lie concealed himself behind an adjacent e ho/l^o, evhieh ooni <locl a, \i> ' of the scene of slaug'hter. Presently he saw what might have been the •ghost of his victim stroll casually across the road. At. the same time j be heard the warning tinkle of a cyclist's bell sounded in the distance. I This was shortly afterwards followed ' by the appearance of tin unsnspect- : ing rider. Beneath his wdieel the' duck fluttered for a moment, and ! then lay stiff and stark hy the side : of the road. As the irate owner again rushed forth to claim damages, his intention was at- once baulked by the lurking tourist, who, stopping from his hiding-place and picking up the yet warm body of the duck, puffed a volume of tobacco smoke into its nostrils, a restorative treatment that was immediately followed by an indignant and very lively struggle on the part of the ingenious bird. Inquiries subsequently made in the neighborhood re veal od the fact that the duck itself had been the originator of the trick, which the owner observing', aud enhancing the effect by a littla training, had been the originator of the trick, which the owner observing, and enhancing the effect by a little training, had been made the means of an extensive system of roadside piracy and blackmailing. In fact, as far as the raconteur of this interesting anecdote is aware, the duck is still pursuing its nefarious avocation to this day. 