i ms prvsuucu «uww«i■ by the chilling of hisv blood > and. the' ■ quick beating of llis li^sut,'. He Was al- , most afraid to turn-ids-head to cither side at first, but lie shook the fear oft, and looked arouud. “Confotiud it!” he muttered,: as he staved about, and saw nothing. "Imust be drunk! It’s that port, or too much of that beef at dinner. I did eat a lot Of it, I was so hungry after the cold iiiglit air. I'll turn up that lamp a bit, and finish my novel.” . Mr Judd, however,did not turn up the lamp’s wick, nor did he get his novel , for-directly between his seat and the long-waisted lamp he saw a shadow — something that slowly grew upon his vision.something that made him breathe irregularly and stare and grasp the lea Thern amis of his seat. What was it. ? A ghost, no doubt, though Mr Judd did not believe in ghosts. But it. was a sym metrical ghost, with much promise of being ultimately substantial. Harder Mr Judd stared, and slowly the shadow rounded into human form—rounded and deepened and grew, until there, before him, with the face of an angel, s^tood— Mrs .Tudd! NoW, Mrs Judd had been dead five years. Ilers had been a sweet and lov able nature—a woman with a beautiful mid good face, a nature generous to a fault, and blind to a great many faults in others. She had been in this respect the direct antithesis of Mr Judd: and the result had been perpetual dissatis faction on the part of Mr Judd, and on Mrs Judd’s a sweet forbearance that bad proved very irritating to her hus band, though she did not know it. The two boys she left behind seemed broken hearted. and even Mr Judd was sorry for a while. But he got over it, and packed the lads off to boarding school, and then plunged into business with And'now here was Mrs Judd come again—Mrs Judd seemingly in the flesh, yet spiritualised—an angel, Mr Judd could see at a glance. “Well, Nathaniel,” said she, softly: and Nathaniel started, as he recognised the sweet, voice of his lare wife. “And are vou sorry to see me?” “Wh-what, Jcssi<;V S-sorry to s-see you?” gasped Mr Judd, his teeth chat tering. “N-no, ceif-certainly not. S-so glad to s-see you.”( t Xathanie^^vbat, .'table began io t But tlie climax came Whtn, created probationary lieutenant sa:a in deprecatory accents, ••riurgeon-cap tain Jones, would you kindly bass the mustard.” It was enough. Noung Australia is not backward in humor, ana the rest of the evening was undisturbed by rehearsals of the Victorian Army Inst. B is only due to the surgeon captain to say that he looked more than blue pills and lancets at the man who addressed him. jjv old frier.il. Wilkins, of Uie Y. im raerii, is in a. decidedly Christmas' frame of mind, nvc-rlluwing with peace and sood will towards men, especially the two who found and restored to him his prise rain. Last week this distinguished quadruped, who has hitherto led a and respectable life, managed to get out from the special paddock, and set off like Rasselas, prince of Abys sinia to see the world.. But, un like Kasselas, he did :;ot get tired of its vanity and wickedness. On the contrary, he, to all appearance, revelled in them, seeking fresh pastures and disporting himself therein, m a truly patriarchal manner. His inde pendent career was, however, brought to a close by two swagr.ien, who, after a smart contest, iri which the ram near ly came off best, succeeded in capturing the curled and fleecy warrior, and duly restored him to his owner. It was a . stroke of luck on their part, for, in ad dition to a substantial reward, they are good for a week’s Christmas tuckei at the hands of. the grateful Wilkins. In his letter to me he observes, with a feel ing that docs him credit, “Oh, John, tha Scripture is right. There is-more joy over one prodigal prize ram that is found than over ninety-nine just .wethers that go astray.” "Wilkins was a smart boy at Sunday school, but he is getting a trifle mixed in his old.age. My friend. Jack Hancock, has evident ly as much down on a Knight as he has on. a soldier. He objects to support the one as much as he does to run the other. It is very clear that had the .burly member for Footscray lived in the crusading days, he would never have gone to the Holy Land and shouted, «Ha! St. -George! Ha! St. Edward! . striking down a foe at !?acr invocation." ould rather have tayed in mbrriej Tuck, in “T*> “dome, trov.-l the. brown bow , Hey! Jolly Jenlcin, ' , . I spy a knave a drinking. / Come, trowl the brown bowl to me." Strange to say, however, no less a man than William : Makepeace Thackeray has, in spite of his creations of Colonel Dobbin and Colonel NOwcdme, expressed the same feelings as Jack, so far as soldiers are concerned. When once look ing- on at a Royal procession—I think it was the opening of the Exhibition of 1851—the great novelist, though over six feet high himself, had his view ob structed by a foot guardsman of the same height, plus a “bearskin” higher than is worn now, whereupon Thackeray went home angry, and indited the semi satirical “Chronicle of the Drum,” in the introduction to which he says:— “And ever the historian puts . In foremost rank the soldier thus, The red-coat bullj\in his hoots, .Who hides the march of men from us.” Go to—I bate him and his trade, etc., But Thackeray just then was too angry to remember Waterloo and the joyous Jack forgets the gallant charge of the Gordons at Dargai. No, Jack, knights and soldiers have their uses. '■ “John,” asked my newspaper friend, “did you ever go to law?” I mildly "told liim that I am n peaceful man, with an s'-bhorrence of litigation. “That’s right,” ,/ he said, “cherish that abhorrence. If •you hadn’t it,!I should advise you to go and listen to the proceedings of the Law Reform Commission. Then you would • see what law is. One solicitor told the . " Commission that in his experience law yers only commenced to learn law when they were admitted; and Mr Higgins, • the chairman,-said that then they com menced to learn it at the expense of their clients.' John. I could have told them that whi.n ;they.have learnt their law they practice it at the expense of ‘ their clients. . JVhy,' nearly all the wrangle before the Commission has been about costs. They have been talking a . Jot of stuff.about fees for perusing claims or defences, settling pleas, swearing -affl dayits, the cost of interrogatories, and all. that ;s6rt . of thing. They revel in costs. It, seems to me that, they'have . made a mistake.'It-should notbe.inter rogatories, but’interf rogueries,*for how — over vgw^kfejtj^cvigyy-ers:fatten at J: jthe lawjlin^gdmj^ |i;eiotninehded;; by v the . .^ominission. will."be reforms tuV ; enable' the ; lawyers 1 to .'pocket, their clients’ naoney,;i^Jt6\ievenAii6ife”'ease. .and .grace ,tTian' tbey.: do -now.” Such is the usual . shape which law reform takes. JOHN PEEBYBINOLE. I he late' Lera: Rosmea’d- Vas perjiap ; Letter known .as Sir .Hercules Robinson. (fed he was ' oiily ' one'- of.. many of . that name who have dieen prominent- in ’tie: public service. 3ri ^addition to Sir \ . Hercules of .South Africa, .at least' five .' otlier Robinsons, belonging to the same generation, . served her Majesty. •: well ‘ enough to receive the honpr. of knight-;. ' liepd. They are. (or were) . Sir ; .l?ryan ■Robrnsonb JC.H,, Sir,' Henrjf .Robinson, • ~ .ILB., Sir R. S. Rdbinson, K.C.B., Sir S .-W. C. P. Robinson/K-C.M. <3., and Sir. / : - W. it. Robinson, ILC.S.IL. Then another : . . Robinson, of . rSir ; Hercules’ generation .1,won/-the .Victoria' Cross, .and . still i '• ?,-■ another ,_is. furnoi^.asV.the . Marquis of :. - • THOUGHT. IT.;:APPROPRIATB. •; " ,;; He M wonder.i.wjh&tfthe; -meaning of, : that'picture, is?. j,rThe youth and ' the ' mnidenvare ih a- tender .attitude. • . She-; 6h\\. don’t you see? ' -He has just ■':,/c;va^ke3:her'/tp;rnai'i'y,hiin aiid'she .'is ac •' = • .^ri'fieDtin's'.hini:" •;: .•.'•-.••V.-fi-.7 •. •. " : . -He : AU!: liow' appropriate ;the title. - ,/is;://she;:ryrtiri’Hiat ckr^at/ae; bottom. Days “Sold.” ‘^1 , • and grew more distinct: (He saw their faces—faces gloomy and almost nnboy isli. But lie .knew them. They were his bovs. He had not seen them for a long time. and.they had grown, these hovs; lmt he had not forgotten. Mr Judd's heart was strangely stirred. All, they were his sobs, his own, uud lie loved them still! He followed them with eager gaze as they came down to the courtyard, and said good-hyc to the I last of their homeward-honiul com rades. He watched them with strain ing gaze as they waved their hands af ter the retreating carriage, and he heard their faint and almost heartless cheer of farewell and the sound of the wheels as they died away in the street. He followed them as they turned with slow steps into the grey school again, and were lost to his view as the scene dickered and paled and vanished. . The lire in his grate seemed to he growing dim, Mr Judd thought. But the silent ligure he could not see once more waved a. hand to the coals, and once more the curtain rose. There was a hroad, bright street tins time. Mr Judd recognised it. He walked it every day of his life. It was Christmas Eve without a doubt in this street. There were a great many peo ple there—people whom Air .Tudd knew. They looked so real that he was almost inclined to cry out to them. How hap py they looked, some of them in their ■ furs, with their merry faces and red cheeks! No poverty here, thank Hea ven! Every man seemed to he wishing his neighbor a merry Christmas with the certainty of his wish being fulfilled. And how gay the windows were! Why, he would have gone down himself if he had thought, the city would he as jolly as this! Nobody seemed to mind the storm It was nothing! Suddenly Mr Judd's eyes widened. What was this V Here were people ’walking about the street who had no right to he there—no right by the law of common sense, no right by the law of men's belief. Why, they were mere spectres! Bale, miserable beings, most of them, who stared at the splendid windows and the .well-dressed crowd with envious eyes, Mr |Judd thought. And their clothing wasl so mean he could almost see through it! And here came reeling down the/street the man he had seen in tinIf he did not take care, into the hands *'A1 rg'rJus sou1(! bluc } pi;* j bri of/^ time" of how it was achieved;—" The only peonages taken iuto confidence were, on the Emperor’s side,an admiral, the captain of the Holienzollern, the Chancellor of the Empire, a. general and two valets declutuibre. In France they were .President Carnot:. '.U. Spuler, Minister of Foreign Affairs. M. de 1 Freycinet, Minister of .War. and a. score 1 of police agents. The, German Am bassador was not supposed to know of the voyage till it: was over. When the : preparations were completed, the 1 Kaiser embarked upon bis yacht at L Kiel, and on the plea of taking a. soa ; ward journey far North, left his eui ! piiv- wilhout news-of him for a fort 1 night. The rest of the journey was 1 made from Arendal via Holland and 1 Belgium to Paris." 1 ' _ The ‘'Times" correspondent extract; the following story from the saint t book:—“One day, at a review, tin • Prince was suddenly seized with a hi > of nose-bleeding. As the officers oj 3 his stair liurrietf round him, lie reas 1 sured them, saying, ‘Gentlemen, it i; \- nothing; it is only the last drop of Eng I lish blood leaving my veins.' " Need r less to say, the authenticity of the anee \- dole is guaranteed neither by tin J "Times" nor ourselves. i a 3 t 1 S s t e e 1, When Mr Gladstone is likely to be from home for any length of time, he likes to take his own books and writing tools and material with him. He has' quite a collection of paper knives, ink stands, and other nick-nacks of the writ ing table, many of them valuable gifts from one admirer or another. The first named articles are nearly all of very large size. Several of them have ivory blades, and are mounted in massive sil ver. There is one, however, which, since its presentation about the Diamond Ju bilee time, be has always had on ids desk, and takes with him on a visit any where. It is a large handsome knife, about twelve iucfies lon'g, made of one solid piece of “mother-of- pearl.” What gives it special interest, apart from its intrinsic value, is the following inscrip tion, which is in strong black letters on the blade : “To the Great /Man, Mr Gladstone, this knife in remembrance of the Grand Day of t,he Diamond Jubilee of Queen Victoria, 22nd Junc,l$97. From Luici Montesi.” ./ : • ias occurred rnff in the e'ditorialoi'ilce of aJfc>dciali:3t or_ in Paris. A;‘‘ebniraac"' ham'ied Richards called to see the editor, M.lGautey, in company with a lady frieniV a young tailoress named Madeline Medaille. As the editor held out his hand to greet them, Richards suddenly seized hold of his arm. whilst the girl'produced a re volver and fired point blank at him, breaking his wrist. ITe managed to dodge a second shot, and a third missed him, and lodged in Richards’ back, much to the distress of the girl.. Attracted by the noise, a policeman appeared, and arested all three, Richards being subse quently sent to the hospital.—‘‘Dal An engineer on board the Imperieuse has sent a letter to his father at Exeter respecting the stories of treasure on Cocos Island, front which it .seems that there is more truth in ihe rumors than recently appeared probable. “This is land (says the engineer), was a great resort for buccaneers, and during the war between Mexico and Spain, when tlie Mexicans threw off the Spanish rule,' they sent away a good part of theirtrea sure in a ship, which was captured by a pirate and the treasure buried at Cocos Island. The pirates „ were at . iast all killed off but one, who left a chart, to some relation of his. showing where the treasure was hidden. A man called Harford, a descendant of this pirate, has, now the chart, and has been hunting for tlie gold on the island for sometime, and at last found the place, but as he had no ship to take it away, and there, are four or five other people on tlie' island all hunting for this treasure, he came up to Victoria (B.C.) to try and get up an ex pedition, which he couldn’t manage, I-Ie was introduced to the Admiral, who of fered to go,down there after the Guate mala revolution was over, anu so we brought this man down with us from Esquimalft We left San Jose ,on the 11th, and reached Cocos Island- on the l'lth. We lauded a party and proceeded to dig, but though they found the land marks tlie water from the waterfall near filled up the hole during tlie night, and it would have been, impossible to dig the treasure out in less than a month. ' As the Admiral could not wait a couple of days, we had to. leave it, hut before go-. •tog; they blew down a good part of-the. cliff with gun-cottoii over the hole, so it will take the people on the island ahout •tends:to go back/,; The ;gord bars raioiKHC are said to be worth • 30,000,000 dolsk ,oi>| about £6,000,000, and there: are diamonds-1 and other treasures -also hidden in dif- j Cerent parts of -the island.” -j ' Florida boys have one kind- of excit-: ■ ing sport which the: young- follv.pf more; lmrthern-lands know . little about, says the;-‘'Chicago Record.” ; It -consists ;in; catching the huge sea-turties w.ljichtre quent the bay along the southern, coast of Florida. ' The turtles, from -which is, made the green- turtle soup so familiar to restaurant fare, are .confined by . the. fishermen in huge; pens, or ■ “turtle-: crawls,’’ consisting of fences; extending fl-om the shore out: into the d;aterl' -When 'the- fisheririah wants a great;turtle for; market, one. of the. boys, -whose •.shiny brown body is stripped'bare, stands in the prow of the boat as it. is -. pushed •from. the-.sliore. - He watches . intently, and presently lie sees one of the -, .big . turtles taking, a nap on the; clear white sand of the bottom. He. dives quickly, and. r. swimming dowi^ .from.. .behind,, seizes the turtle firmly by.its- shell::.Of course, the..turtle wakes up,-and, like a bucking broncho, begins to; dash, and plunge, wildly , about,- seeking to throw, its plucky-l'.rider; Not. succeeding ' in. this', -' it; darts . quickly; to ..the; surface,' . where’.the:. boy gets r his .first;.breath/ Then ’ down',:, again'-' it goes;,^tearing, th'rough .;the~'water' and; :.beatiT!g;-:'tKe, foain. with • its^flippers. But its.' rider fosteri casting aside of supefstjitious tradition is doing an immense work to tiring the Mahomedans of India into line with the clever, clear-headed, industrious, and philosophical Hindus. The Hindus have monopolised the official appoint ments given to natives by the Govern ment of India. The sole ambition of the Hindu, indeed, is to enter Government employ. He studies English, with no other object. He picks all the plums while the Mahomedans, a stronger and more determined race, who could crush the Hindus to-morrow were the rigid British rule withdrawn, are pushed on one side, and are, consequently, sullen, discontented, and inclined to rebellion. This appropriation of official posts by Hindus is a long-standing and rankling grievance among the Indian Mahome dans. A people by no means inclined to intellectual pursuits, they too often fail to associate cause with effect. They resent the success of the Hindus, and do not appreciate that their:-own exclusion from Government service lies entirely at their own doors. The Aligarh Univer sity, however, is helping to put matters straight. It is an institution subsidised to a small extent by the Government, but relying mainly for its support on out side aid, and it owes its origin to one of the most liberal-minded of men it has been my good fortune to meet. Sir Syed Ahmad Khan. He is an old man now, the contemporary of Mr Gladstone in years. I had a long talk with him. He is big, hard-lined, solid-featured, a man of vigor and commonsense insight ra ther than a man deep in erudition and learning. I found him reclining on a half-bed, half-couch, with an immense volume in the Urdu tongue before him, and as he pushed the book aside and entered into conversation, I was struck with his immense vitality, the strength of the mouth, the large, inquiring, kindly eyes, the brown furrowed skin framed with a white, straight-haired beard ; but above all was I impressed with his impersonal attitude to the great ques tions of the day. A strict Mohamedan, he yet regarded everything from a pure ly utilitarian and humanitarian stand point, and his own account of whati led him to found the University was marked with simplicity, candor, and also with a manner showing he had a con\ ejnient eye tb expediency. / A-(descendant of the Prophet, las his . jaa^Jmplies, his family held high of feet. n-iul the In the crypt beneath' are the tombs of liord Kelson, the ••Duka-of 'Wellington, Hr. Johnson, Sir Joshua. Reynolds, and many oilier celebrities. A visit to St. Paul's is, of course, one of tbe first lines on the programme of tbe Australian visitor to the metropob's of the Em pire. The discovery 03' the Spanish galleon wrecked of Hispaniola, of which the i bullion was secured by some English : speculators in 1CS7. has cost later genera tions dearly. The Htdm of Albemarle, ■ Governor of Jamaica, received E90,000, the royal share war. IflO.OOO. gentlemen 1 who had adventured L.100 from I.18OOO to ! L16,000. Innumerable have been the dis astrous enterprises which this success promoted. Within 'the last few years we ; saw a company formed to recover Na ' poleon’s army chest, sunk, with the ves ' set that contained it, at the battle of ' Aboukir. One of the most interesting: £ finds was the treasure of Guarrazar, dis ' covered in 185S. Some peasants travel s' ling near Toledo noticed objects of gold ' and jewel workwashed partly out of the ' ground by heavy rains. They broke " them to pieces ond divided them. An \- intelligent man bought up every frag ment, pieced them together, and lied to Paris, where he sold the lot to the Musee " Clunv. The objects proved to be eleven 2 crowns of Gothic monarehs who ruled ? Spain during the seventh century. One. 5 the largest, has thirty big sapphires and thirty pearls of great size: below it hangs a cross set with large sapphires ® and pearls, which, again, has jewelled . pendants. The treasure of Hildeslieim \ also is priceless. It was found by soldiers * digging a trench near the town of that' name in 1SG0. It consisted of stewpans, 6 pots, plates, all of silver, exquisite in form and in ornament: a complete din S ner service, dishes, cups, goblets,, of f beautiful Greek work, in silver, with g geld wreaths and attachments. 