THINGS. .... ATTICUS.) As h «• , Jith the W.A. Boers tliey iinpr;t: f*> 'making great headvray with tii /amway concession which maMv moiiXli igo was given by them, to one ot lfeirs, for the'reticulation of the city. r % . ... • ' When we look at the finely graded streets, which have not been graded, Vrhen we gaze at the splendid setting of the rails, which havenof been set, if we 8toj> :to admire the Tramway; buildings, which have not, been built, or even glanjpe'' eiivy' upoii the <^>mfortable looking purchased rolling stock, which hpa not' been purchosed. ^e shall see evidences of the desire upon the part of the Government on jp&aw;:^ Gity Council in the Universe, on the <&her;, to do all they can to retard the adv*!ice of Perth, even in this direction, Id there any one not of Sir John F. . Krug«rV natioD&lity;, who does not knovr tbiat if a foreigner *from any of he btlier, Australian ^oloriie^ ^d'lby:^ som6 iriiracidops. interreiiti^i«.i) i»lg£ttuxg.(4)y payipg throAigh tii^nose) this-concession, he'wouldlong ece this have been compelled to avow when apd where he intended to^'commence, opera-' tions ?.' ','' '. , •'•••j - Do | we not all know \ that this conspiracy of. silence,- this intentional ayoidaiice of allnipntion of .the subject, is because a Boer has got what o.ther men, not Boers', tried to get, and were simply choused out of ? • The W;A. ' Bper, , by himself, his apologists iti the Government, and meek opposition (but really confederated) press, aud by his Government/ is always disclaiming any but the most friendly feeling for those Ouitlanders, wl.o much to his surprise and horror invaded his arid deserts, found him in his semi barbarous condition, discovered his gold for him, and lifted him out of his poverty, squalor, and the dirt in which he wallowed unnoticed, for the best part of a century, into such"prosperity and affluence as he never in his wildest dreams imagined. .But deep down in his heart, in the hearts of every Boer in W.A., there is a dark underlying, ever-flowing current of , hatred of the Ouitlander. It is expedient it should be partly hidden, so it is covered by a thin veneer of sham religion, and by professions of friendship, which are always proved empty when anything to the advantage of the Ouitlanders is sought. Favoritism, nepotism, and jobbery, are religious cults with our Boers, they rule us with rods of steel, and party legislation, always against the Ouitlanders, always in favor of themselves, is the sole duty of the several Parliaments that have been created since constitutional • government was granted by Britain. Is not the Tramway concession a case in point ? Is it not common knowledge that a man not one of themselves made such offers for it, backed up by such substantial evidences of his bona fides that none but the Boers of W.A., or those of the Transvaal would have declined them'? IK it not equally and commonly known thai had this man received what he was willing to. buy, trams would have been running through portions of, the city by this? And do not-we, all Boers included, know that another man .one of themselves, obtai ned the concession, only because he^ was one of them ? In politics .'lie is v a ^deadly political opponent of the Government and all its ways. It did not prevent his getting what the other man who was received by the Government as a friend could not, and did not get. Why was this ? Simply that the antagonism to the Ouitlander is a feeling rooted in the hearts of these Boers, and one which leads them at all costs, which in this case led them to grant something to an avowed enemy, but one of their own, rather than to a man who was prepared to stick by them, because he was not by long residence, or by birth, one of them And what' use has their own man made'of the outrageous partiality and favoritism shown him? It is stated that he sold the concession to a London promoting firm, and that sale appears to have ended the story. Not the slightest attempt to find out what has been done, or what is doing in the matter, has, so .far as the public knows, been made. The coucessionist has got • something extremely valuable, without limit, apparently as to the time within which he must utilize it, and Perth will have ti) do. without its tram 'service because the concessionist's own people . mre biding their 1 time and everyone else is helpless. . Would it not be very mucb better; under the circumstances to 6uy the gift back again ? It can be bought back again with the money of th^ public, and as the price would go to one of themselves, there should be no opposition from any quarter to the new job. The Ouitlanders might make an empty protest, but it would be wasted on air. The locked up eonfederated press would be kept locked J P ^ l ^ m ^ i t a i r y ' i s carefully ke^t from tWee Ouitlanders, they might just as well keep their breaths to cool their; porridge as protest in any way. ' , , . ' There are a few Goldfield representativeswho vote with these Boers, actuated by the idea that by doing this they wilLget by favor what their constituencies are absolutely entitled to by right.' Trhis support is one of the shallowest and most foolish mistakes possible:" The Government of Boers and the whole of the tribes of Boers dare not refuse to. expedite, the progress of the Goldfields in every way. Do you know whyv? Because they are cunning to a degree. They are so astute they frighten one. They lived on one another before the discovery of gold. It was a case of " dog eat dog " in those dark times, and now they consist of tribes of foxes. They can see that only by helping the goldfields will the gold be obtained. Out of every ounce they by hook or crook, by their unfair, one-sided laws and regulations, get twenty pennyweights, and so long as we fools of Ouitlanders delve for and win it, and so long as we are content to win it and hand it to them, so long as they do not hare themselves to work for it, so long will they treat the Goldfields properly. Therefore ye Parliamentary Ouitlanders don't think for ohe instant these Boers do not see clean into and through you. If you were to present a united opposition to-morrow, your districts would not get one penny less than they are now getting. In fact, the more gold they get, the more money will be spent upon them, but the Boers will take care that they get all the gold. To ask the city and suburban members of the Legislature to enquire into the Tram.way business is useless. To ask the municipal representatives in the Town Council is worse than useless. How long, O Lord ! how long 1 1 do not belong to the Meat Ring. I am not,a Boer recipient of Government bounty from the Ouitlanders' accumulated funds, which are in the Government's care, that is, I am not a " resident yeoman." I do not grow hay to make chaff, and I am not mixed up in the new Boer scheme to take from the Ouitlanders the chaff trade. . Consequently you may infer, without offence to me, I can assure you, that I am a poor man. Poor as I am, I would have borrowed a sovereign from some other harid-up Ouitlander, knowing the uselessness of trying any W. A. Boer in this direction, and have put the . money into the Revd. Poser's plate, to have been with the "monstrous deputation" headed by Blooster Plane and the crowd of ugly tabbies composing the Women's Cackle and Tea Union who waited outside at Bunbury while Sir John and the younger brother were inside christening the new (25 hogsheads per week) brewery. Now remembering that the real object of Poser Plane and the tabbies is to put down drinking, although the avowed reason for demanding an interview was to put a stop to Sunday trading t'.e. getting a pint of beer, or a whisky and soda on Sunday, it was a lovely commentary on " life's little ironies " that Sir John and. the younger brother should have been beer drinking inside . while the fanatics outside should have been waiting in order to concert offensive measures to stop that same beer drinkmg. wasn't- it? I can imagine the looks of pious sorrow as the refrain from inside caught the ears of the Blooster and - the tabbies. How the already bloated ginghams must have swelled stilt' farther with W.C.T.TJ. wrath. ar$fae usdSI howls of, - " Fer e'es a jorry good ferrer " For e'eB a jorry good ferrer (hie) For e'es a jorry good ferrer, En soshay orratus (hie). 'Ooray ! 'Ooray ! 'Ooray! !! nearly knocked them over. Blooster Plane could not have ,beei£ rrfore distressed 'Had the Revd. V Bo&er; himself been-inside making a-modern analogue of, the position so wittily conceived by Canon Barhain, .. f v And Petfer th^ Prior, and Francis the F.riar, Sat.each with a. na,pkin under his chin ; But Rdger the Monk gqt excessively drunk, So they, .putrhim to^»ed, -anil tucked hiin in! . I ' ' t; The lay brothers gazed o^ each other, ' - amazed ; And Sinion the Deacon, with grief and ' surprise, AB he peeped through, the key-hole, could scarce fancy real The scene he beheld, or believe his own eyes. In his ear was ringing the Lord Abbot singing , He could not distinguish the words very plain, But 'twas all about " Cole " and " Jolly old Soul," And "Fiddlers" and "Punch," and things quite as profane. How the old tabbies must have glared. Is this our idol ? the god on whom we depended to make Bunbury sober by statute ? Alas how shattered, with its head of clay and feet of brass. No Hosunuas went up that night, I'll bet. And then Sir John's hasty discovery (too late of course) Miat Blooster Plane and his band of stout •lglies wer« wanting outside. Awfully sorry ; more than sorry indeed : much pained. Please write" and let me know all you require.'' Oil, Sir John ! Sir John ! how eould.you ? " However could you do it ? Some day, no doubt, you'll rue it." Of course they don't know that you acted up to the spirit, though not the letter of my advice last week.—" Don't meet 'em.*' And by Jove you didn't. And what a good time you had in consequence, eh ? 1 wonder whether Plane and his tabs think they've the ghost of a show? I cau only say this, whatever thousand to one chance they might have had before Bunbury got it's very own brewery, its the Ivimberley cattle monopoly to a real "wild cat" they've none now-. I am so sorry for Blooster Plane, because he did want so badly to show off a bit. In the London prospectus of that famous ore smelting company to be located at Fremantle aud of which the Hon. the Minister'of Mines of this happy faiuily jobbing Government is to be loial director (pretty tale for the wjirld isn't it ?) there is a statem^-" tljat coal ships can come uongslcGTthe future>recompany's wharf. This is a simple lie. The ground, as a member of the top pow-wow chamber elicited the other uiglit, is above the two Fremantle bridges and therefore ships cannot reach this spot. The local director '' in his " Pooh Bah" capacity as Miuister of Mines, got out of this corner, in ••which the member had put him, by declaring that although coal ships could not get up coal barges could. Of course the twice shifting of coal cannot make niiy difference. Oh dear no ! There is the lie, however, in the prospectus and with this and the name of the Hon. the Minister of Mines of W.A. appended to the prospectus, the money will he got out of the G.B.P. But it was a real nice little example of W.A. Boer cUnning, wasn't it? Not coal ships, but coal barges ^ Has anyone with two legs and one nose, with the feelings of a man in his heart, read the shamelessly impudent reply of l^e.Hon. the Minister of Mines to the itoterrogatories put to him in the Upper House by Mr. R. S. Hayues with respect to the employment of.p Government officer (Mr, Reed) to reppi't pn certain mining properties at Peal* Hill without feeling the blood boiling in his veins? The Maiden Lady wouldn't dream of publishing anything to the detriment of the Goyernment which it is her boast she keeps in power,, so here is her bald but highly convincing narrative :•—- Th« Minister of Mines replied to ques- tions by Mr. R. S. Haynes on the subject of the connection of Mr, Reed, departmental engineer of the Mities Department, with reports which bad been used in the flotation of certain properties at Peak Hill. The replies stated that the Minister was aware of certain letters and opinions quoted as emanating from Mr. Reed. The instructions given to Mr. Reed with reference to reporting on the field had been given because it had been represented that English capitalists would not accept the report of any go)d : mining authority unless he were a Government official, and' as the small leaseholders of Peak Hill were asking for money to be spent in procuring water and erecting a crushing battery, etc., it was thought more in the interests of the oolony to assist ti e introduction of capital, and so have the mines developed and machinery erected by private enterprise in such a remote locality. In reply to another question, the Minister said that if he considered any erroneous impression had been created, he should certainly take steps to contradict it, but he was of opinion that the merits of the field had been rather understated that over-stated. You see there is no attempt now to disguise the' disgraceful fact ihat " instruction were given by this Honorable (?) Minister to an officer of his department to report in his (supposedly) official capacity on certain private mines which report was utilised iu Loudon with (he Minister's name dragged into it for the purpose of getting London subscriptions to a promotion of a company. ' There is no disguise now, because no equivocation or subterfuge is possible. The disgraceful circumstance is public property pe-rty and it if one blackguard fact more I tfaii another was ever calculated to bring a Ministry to mi impeachment before the bar of public opinion, it is this scandalous one. The cynicism .of Mr. W.ttenoom's leply that "English capitalists would not accept tlie report of any gold-mining authority unhss he were a Government official,'' out Herod s Herod for brazen-faced insolence. Will this Minister giant the use of his mining official (who until recently was not in the mining „• >way at all) to other private mining ^companies was in substance a query put to him receutly in the House. Did he answer in the affirmative ? We know he did not. What is it to do with him as a Minister whether English capitalists will or will not accept reports of mining engineers unless they are Government officials, unless he is prepared to send out an army of these to report on every mine in the colony? Never in any of the Australian colonies, never even in the vile history of the South American republics, has a more shameless attempt to subordinate government machinery to private uses ever been chronicled. It is Only possible here because of family government: The personal honor of the head of this Government has, however, never . been questioned, - but it will be smirched and stained beyond cleansing if this member of it is not turned out of the Cabinet. The Collie Coalfield scandals, the Ore smelting directorate, apd this latest Peak Hill expose, are quite enough to kill even the almost impregnable Forrest Ministry, and this will happen sooner than Sir John thinks, unless he takes drastic measures. How is it the Maiden Lady does not open her columns to the ventila tion of such grave matters? Is her non-committal policy to be carried to feuch extremes that actions and sc*nd&ls; sueh as I am recording day by day are to remain unnoticed ? She cannot be clever, because she must know once the present Ministry ^o Ont, her power,ifiigone for ever; jnd if fihe wire as subtle as it is thought she as the instinct of self-preservation .should drive her to try and effect a cleansing of the political sewer, that runs past her door. It's no use talking, Perth Js» a pest hole, politically i*nd otherwise, and until the people get the franchise W m .driven into *ebeUip» tjjpip does nbt seem much P S P , ; . ^ itafcWerient. There S C S ^ T ^ W fl^Tl®? wyom endurance, and* it seems as though that point was being reached in this colony. The young Geraldton storekeeper who regulated the destinies of this colony during the absence of our only Right Honorable, and who has since the latter's return sustained untarnished the purity of the Mining Department, has the misfortune to be in the Upper Pow-wow Chamber. I am sorry for this, because it gives him much leisure, and with an aspiring, directorate-seeking young man of this class it gives time for mischief. One of his duties, however, is to introduce bills to the Upper Pow-wowers. He fired' the Loans Reappropriation Bill into them last week. This is a little amusing measure for diverting £39o,000 from purposes originally intended and doing something else with it. Something like this ? What was the money for ? Well, it was to construct some new dams at, say, Lawlers. Oh, no, we won't use it for that purpose now. We will drain tlie Harvey agricultural flats and put up five new agricultural balls around Bunbury. May we do this, Mr. Powwows? They reply "Yes." Nothing else for it, for the cash has actually already been hypothecated. In other colonies governments ask permission first In this family-governing country they reverse the baethod, conscious of their autocratic form of government tlw which they call constitutional. On the occasion under notice the Geraldton genius said : It was not necessary for him to make an exhaustive speech iii explanation of the objects of the bill. The works enumerated in the second schedule had been under-estimated, and in order that they might be carried out it was necessary that some funds for that purpose should be available for the Government. There were three ways of raisiug the sum of £395,000 necessary to proceed with the works. One was by a loan, another was to. take the necessary money from the revenue, and a third was that set out in the bill. He thought they would all agree that it would not T>e wise to put a new loau upon the market for this purpose, and, indeed, he doubted whether it would be successful if they did so. On the other hand, it was impossible to get the money from the revenue, as every penny was wanted at present to meet the urgent requirements of the colony. Therefore the Government considered that, the method of obtaining money as detailed in the bill was the most advisable one to pursue. First, please note the placid avowal that the works had been under-estimated. The word " cost," you see, is left Out. Nothing about the idiots who under-estimated, Next, there were three ways of raising the money. Let us examine them. First, "was by loan." The Premier want home to raise one and couldn't get a shilling, and the colony is now living on promissory notes which it is getting discounted, and saying to itself, " Thank God that's off my mind." It is manifest that raising the oof by loan was not one of the three ways. Second was to take the "money out of revenue," but that it was " ii revenue the oof out- oi revenue was another -of the three vays of not getting the money. So, as two out of the three ways were impossible, they, the Government, took the money from Peter to pay Paul, But any one can see at a glance what native talent is required to introduce bills into^lio upper pow- wow chamber, and it is in such eases as this that the Geraldton shopkeeping, coal exemptioiiing. company promoting, directorate accepting, young man. is making a record for himself iu the history of the colony, Three ways of doing it, yet only one way of doing it. Do you give it up? Yes? So do I. .•. V: Tfy member for Albany is, nothing if not&cett;»BiteHe is as foil ojf fun as au egg^pf itself. ; He is one of redeem «yen this tt^ Sometimes,lioweve^W too far.. He gets orev his first yoiith. s He said' the l other night in the Chamber : Rather than speqd so much money on public works and public buildings it would be better to encourage the pastoraliBt and the farmer. Great Caesar's mother-in-law! ! ! Encourage the pastoralists and the farmer ? Why, with stamping out the shipment of frozen meat, the little bill for smashing up imports of chaff, the building of hundreds of agricultural halls, the prohibition of apples, the almost ditto of oranges and the remission of squatters' rents, what the devil else is don« but encourage both classes I fail to see. Encourage tho farming, indeed! Why they are already spoon fed to bursting point. There is not one inducement that real old philanthrophist the Minister of Lands can think of, that isn't held out to them. And what do they do ? They do everything you can think of except produce ; and that the mistaken legislation of the present day effectually prevents. Last year in the member's own towu (Albany), the following amounts, among others, were aelocated for public works there .— Albany Road ,, Town jetty ,, Quarantine station jetty... ,, Town jetty water supply ,, Quarantine station additions ... ,, Hospital additions ,, Drill shed ,, Pilot Crew's quarters ,, Post Office • Total ... But, as I said, one cau carry a joke too far. £2,000 6,750 1,400 650 5,000 350 1,000 1,000 675 ... £18,825 sometimes I told you, a fortnight since, that there would be a majority in favor of payment of members, didn't I ? 1 know parliamentary patriots so well. All over the colonies it's the same. "The rush for the spoil." Disguise it by clouds of patriotic high falutin, still it all comes out iu the washing. They all want to know, ''Where do I come in ?" Aren't the " Trades Unions Executives'" jubilant? They are smothering Gregory, M.P., with votes of thanks. Everyman Jack of 'em sees a seat in the Pow-wow chamber, and a possible portfolio looming. And above all things no work. That's the bait. The young Boer, James M.P., is doing his best to rush the Treasury benches by going iu for all kinds of radical and hysteric legislation, W.C.T.U.. and all that kind of thing, you know. I see he says "the best interests of the colony require " the extension of the Parliamentary franchise to women/' and is moving it in the " Ouse v " dear young cjiap. ?He doesn't believe in it you know, not one scrap, but 1 then it's the #ne he takes as best calculated to^'get himself into the Executive Council Chamber: Being a Boer, he is by,nature a Tory. But so much depends on a man's invironment Now this .particular young extremists nice vesper and Uldhaui are honored gu. sts, he is not among them. This drives him into emotional legislation and radicalism. Hence women's franchise, payment of members, &c.; %• v I wonder who the double-barrelled idiot was that cabled out last week a „ supposed threat of the Salisbury Government to abandon the Channel Islands ! Of course I laughed pretty heartily when t read the damtommyrot, but I am afraid there wasan undercurreut of a desire in my mind to srive give the ass a horse-whipping and I preSume there are, other asses like t&is; one. For the credit of the lew old mother land I tVust not many oHliem. Abandon the Channel Ielan$s-Giiernsey, Jersey, awd'Payk? J)obb he think re lunatics? "Why didn't he cable aband ikely"as the bthfctv Boer Quinlan, M.P., throws a bomb. He movei that the Government should as early as possible introduce the necessary legislation for mining on pvivate property This will give the Boers a nut to crack. They've got all the private property and they'll want to get all the gold obtained on it except the amount expended iu winning it. This latter they will also want in the way of duties. A correspondent writes to " Truth" on that cru.r the Boer position in the Transvaal. It is a lengthy and forcible exposition of the situation there, but it is so thoroughly on ^11 fours with the Boer position in NV.A it. 1 take one excerpt as an object I >.i :— It was no longer possible o float wildoat companies and to annex ' ousands and hundreds of thousands on no - Meets but a prospectus ; it was no longe >.isible to sell a five-shilling share for h. _ pounds. So then they turned their attention' to more serious business. They Bet their mines in order, which any man ^an 6ee who troubles himself to exam statistics, and they began to agitate tv. he redress of genuine grievances. They t i, that is to say, more attention to the railway and dynamite monopolies, which cannot possibly be defended on any political or economic grounds, and ftx* to the franchise > » hirh Boe•• Government is at all likely «i gtmt nimply because it mean* xpeedy extinction Boer influence. If we substitute meat, flour, chaff, apples, etc., etc., for " railway and dynamite monopolies," we get an exact reflex of the position in W.A. at this - momeiu. * * * * * * * * * Having about half an hour since completed that bridge over the railway crossing at William-street, which is destined to become famous because it will be either blown up or burnt down by an exasperated people, it has now been decided to increase the present width three times. This will mean three times the amount of stupidity in adding to it and three times the amount of exasperation. At present, when the thousands of passengers from North Perth to Fremantle want to get to that platform, they have to cross the bridge from William-street, go right up Wellington-street into the station, thence down the platform to nearly the spot they started from. As I observed last week, any fool could have made a set of steps for passengers from the bridge to the platform. It requires a genius to think of driving people a quarter of a mile out of their straight road for no purpose on earth save to annoy. But although it is proposed to add another new new bridge to the new bridge, the question of the wilfully annoying obstructions to wheeled traffic is not touched. For intervals of tune to twenty-three minutes, carts, 'buses, buggies aud vans are stuck at the infernal gates—(last week I saw a 'bus and three horses imprisoned between the gates within a few inches of one of the lines of rail)—while a shunting engines pranced down to Milligan-street and come back with an empty truck. Even when every conceivable bit of shunting and twisting about is completed, two and a half to three minutes elapse before the gates are opened. This ingenious bit of fooling lessens the time between the arrival of another train or engine, so that the gates are now always closed, except at short intervals. Of course, if the public is to be the slave of the Railway Department, the sooner free tickets everywhere are issued the better, abject slavery, such as these infernal gates now implies, wants something as a solatium. I have been asked whether I will contribute to test the right of the Railway Department to practically block one of the main streets of the city. I will with pleasure, in any way deemed best. ******** That " tick " tjuestlogigai^ •%Phey have found' bofctlfes n ftffl W^Hm" on bullocks^ at Wvndhatn. ; li^ktiy for consumers the bullocks Ijelong to the "meat ring," so the shipments will be allowed to pass. Of ;course, an excuse must be found for this action. It is soon found. It is not clear that the bottled up chaps are the dreaded Queensland tick. , Of course they're not. The station on which they were found is in two colonies, this and the Northern Territory ; and, as everyone knows, these latter and the dreaded Queensland ticks have not been playing speaks for years. In fact, the former proposed a capitation tax some time since on the ground that the Queensland boys were aliens. I think the Meat Government did not see its way to any legislation on the subject at the time. In any case, neither of the -parties would hold intercourse with the other. Now that the disunited meat ring is now a united, meat ring, these ticks will be found< not to be the dreaded (Queenslan free labor tick*. See ? South Perth i*ut South Perth. It's not in every country you'll find such a little complication as has arisen there. Some years ago South Perth was handed over to the Champion Worst City Council. The Council didn't know (W.A. password) it was handed over; the chap who handed it over didn't know—he had handed it over, and the transaction wouldn't have been discovered at all, only someone had to pan somebody something^ and when that dreaded event happens among the W.A. Boers they would find a pin dropped in the sand of Mount-street. The governing Boer* had to explain the devilish awkward mistake. The original Act was divided into two ; then one of these was subdivided into four. Four what? God knows, I don't. Then some of the four were repealed; then they didn't ought to have done something without doing something else. Anyhow, now that I have made the thing •clear, there remains the sad solemn fact that South Perch is Perth. •"They were probably changed in •childhood's happy hours." An officcr of state says that when the C.W.C.C. was told about this, although they had all along neglected to look after this part of their property, they wouldn't relinquish Catch W.A. Boers reliii(/u idling anything.' They wouldn't give up their sand for a well- - watered chocolate soil, unless they got a bonus. Molloy Jav-pee and others of the ornamental group of second citizens showed off at a function in the Mayor's room the other da}'. It was to welcome Mr. Z. Lane and Mr. John Wadding ton, the former a large, and the latter the largest holder of the Great Boulder. Needless to say, had they been twice as good as men. but small and smallest holdeWftfi G.B.'s, there would have bpen no welcome And no function. It's at a function that you can see the City Council in •all its glory. Then ic becomes the Champion Best City Council in the universe. It can guzzle champagne in the bottle or on draught, in a manner —well, here words of admiration fail me. They collared Sir John. Unlike poor Plane's business, he came this time. No tea and temperance this go, but good old Heidsieck. Makes a difference, you know. Sir •John's sympathies are all with the W.C.T.U., but his taste* He in the direction of Heidsieck. Molloy Jaypee was eloquent and——. By the way, the crowd must look upon Waddington as a fish worth the catching. I wonder what they waint to load him. with. Anything of Brother Alick'e? *> A ratepayer at Leederville complains to the Maiden Lady about the " awful stench " emanating from that recreation ground belonging to the Champion Worst City Council, miscalled (probably by the poet of her sub-editorial staff) the "Sanitary Dep6t. He says in a maudlin sort of way, "it cannot go on for ever." I call it maudlin, because if he knew the C.W.C.C. as well as I do, he would understand that unless a charge of dynamite is laid carefully under every chair in the Council Chamber, the " un-sanitary dep6t." and a thousand other idiocies calculated to make Perth a prize plague spot, will go on for ever. Even the dynamite remedy I am not sure of. The inert mass of matter to be found in the Chamber at Council meetings will, in its passive resistance, most.likely prove too much d for the explosive power of dynamite. It might send Councillors up, perhaps high up, but when they came down again, in exactly the same spots they started from, the suddenly interrupted proceedings for the gradual destruction of the inhabitants and the extinction of Perth would go on as placidly as ever. I think t can give the " stunk out" ratepayer a little comfort by a new suggestion. Remove the depot to the Town Hall, place it next the Councils Cham bpr, adjoining the room in which, Molloy. Jay-pee, distinguishes himself at functions, if von like. I fancy the new dep6t would effect the object, the dynamite might fall in. 