THE MINE MASTER'S DAUGHTER. OR THE MISER'S ATONEMENT. BY J. MONK FOSTER. Author of "A Pitbrow Lassie," "Slaves of Fate," "Children of Darkness." "A Crimson Fortune," " Through Flood and Flame," "Passioa's Aftermath," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XVIII. FOB SOMEBODY'S SWEET SAKE. Jack Ulvarston spoke no word iu response to the plaint his companion had made concerning his lost fortune, but when he had refilled his old master's glass with about equal portions of water and whisky he placed the tumbler before Lynn and then, with a grave look on his frank face, and a sympathetic gleam in his soft blue eyes, he drew up his chair close to the other's. " You are in a big hole, Mr. Lynn, and " "It's not merely a hole, lad, it's a pit! a pit !" Lynn cried, without waiting for Jack to finish. " Fm in a pit, without rope, or cage, or rods; and Fm wondering"—here a faint ghost of a smile flickered across the thin, eager features—" however, I shall manage to creep out of it." " You are in a hole—a pit then if you prefer it," Jack corrected himself as the other's hands were raised in protest, "and what you have to consider is how to get out of it." " That's it! That's it! How am I to get out of it? Tell me if you can, and Til go down on my knees and bless you!" tbe old man exclaimed, passionately* as he raised the new drink to his lips with quivering fingers. " If I could have seen a way out of the hole, as you call it, should I have been wandering about the country lanes at midnight?" he added, with a peevish ring in his tones as if he considered that fate had hoodwinked him somehow. " Should I have been half mad all day with my troubles? Tell me that, Ulvarston " I will tell you one thing, Mr. Lynn," Jaok •aid, in a firm voice that drew the other's gaze and kept it fixed. "If we are to discuss this difficulty of yours I must pray you to calm yourself at once. We will, if you don't mind, try to talk like men who, in playing a game for fortune, accept the result with Btiff upper lips, and not like puling schoolboys when they lose their marbles. If you will only calm yourself we will try to think of and do something." " I am calm now—much calmer now!" Lynn said meekly. '' But if you had lost all—everything" " I should pray to God not to permit me to make a fool, or an ass, or a laughing-stock of myself," Jack said, with cold scorn. "Men who play for big stakes, Mr. Lynn, must be prepared to pay when the game goes against them, you know." " But if you had lost" Mr. Lynn broke in again. "I should accept my lot with composure, at least, and put my hands again to the plough. But we are going away from the real business. I am grieved beyond words to hear ot your misfortune, but, as you know, it is no use crying about milk that has been spilled. We will do so no more. Now to the facts of the 3\. In the first place, Mr. Lynn, what have you to suggest?" Jack's voice had a cheery ring now, and to hear it merely was to find relief. "I have nothing to suggest, Ulvarston," was the other's quietly spoken answer. "I hkve been trying all the evening in vain to devise some scheme that would relieve me from my embarrassing situation. I can do nothing—think of nothing." "Come, come!" still cheerily. "Your losses have made you magnify all obstacle^. That your difficulties cannot be met and fought and conquered I am not going to believe, nor am I going to permit you to believe it. What was the exact sum you stated you had to raise by to-morrow some time?" "Four thousand seven hundred and fifty pounds." " A considerable amount, I must admit, small colliery owners such as ourselves, but a mere fieabite to others. That money will have to be found in some way, Lynn." "How? How? Tell me that, and my trouble is over!" Abraham Lynn responded, with his keen eyes upon his companion. "What would you suggest, Ulvarston?" " Well, in the first place, I would beg leave to remind you of one rather important matter you appear to have forgotten, Mr. Lynn," said Jack, smilingly. " What is that?" Lynn demanded with evident eagerness. "You must recollect, I am sure, the unknown Syndicate of mining people who offered, nay pressed, you to accept the snug sum of £20,000 for the Moss Lane Colliery?" " That is no use now," Lynn answered moodily, as he shook his grey head vigorously. " No use'. Why Sir?" cried Jack. " They absolutely refuse to touch it now at any reasonable price!" was the startling answer, "i thought of them first of all, and I offered to sell to-day." " At what figure?" "Twenty—fifteen—ten—seven thousand, even—and my offer was simplv laughed at. What do you think of that, Ulvarston?" " Bather singular that, wasn't it, Mr. Lynn?" Jack queried, with a somewhat sphiuxlike smile on his face. "If it was worth £20,000 a year or so ago—if they deemed the colliery a rare bargain at that price—how is it that its value has fallen so immensely?" " I think you know, Ulvarston. and I know now if you don't," Lynn exclaimed. "The Syndicate knew there was cannel in Ashurstlea somewhere, and they intended to get hold of both Moss Laue and the White House Colliery. You've got hold of the latter, and they know that an ounce of the cannel hasn r t been found yet at my place. It was the cannel they wanted, and now they can't have it." "Iam very sorry for the gentlemen," Jack muttered, cynically. "And I'm only sorry that I didn't close with thfcir offer the moment it was made," the troubled speculator whined. " And but for you, Ulvarston, I should have done so. You persuaded me not to, and now I am standing on the very verge of ruin." The covetous-souled man sighed sadly, queruously. as he thought of the score of thousands he had thrust from him. " Quite true, Mr. Lynn, I did persuade you,'' said Jack. " But you will remember that I urged you to do something else. When your tide of prosperity W3S at its height, what did I ask you to do? Didn't I beg cf you to lease at onoe and reopen the Whtte House Colliers, and obtain possession of every available acre of unlet coal you could lay hands upon in this neighbourhood? I did that, and you laughed at the idea—scouted the notion, as this famous Syndicate now scouts the idea of purchasiner the Moss Lane concern at any figure. I had i an idea then that th»re was something under j the surface of that offer, and I urged you to take and keep what others wanted to acquire; but you told me that you were not in the habit of buying pigs in pokes, and the chance went by you. Well, ypu know npw that I had the courage to back my opinions ss soon as I was able to do so, and, fortunately I managed to j et hold of the prize you were afraid to touch. ! f believe. Mr. Lvna, that I am onlv speaking ' e the truth?" " j a " It is true, Ulvarston! God's truth!" the ' old man cried, shivering under the blast of the I young man's plaia speech. "Forgive me for t mentioning it. will you? This trouble has j upset me. If I had only taken your advice ! i always I should have been a better man now. ; w It's the truth, Ulvarston, and I admit it!" J m " WelL Mr. Lynn," said Jack, more kindly, 1 d "we will talk of those matters no further. I e What we have to consider next is where to ic look for the assistance you require so greatly. What of your bankers? Surely the Warringham and District Bank will advance you enough to tide you over,the worst? You must try them, Mr. Lynn." J r "They have declined to advance another! t was the moody reply. "The honest c truth is this. Ulvarston. The Bank already w a mortgage on the colliery and the j w to the extent of the sum I have named. : f They are my on'v creditors, and unless my! aremet to-morrow they will certainly ! n h e foreclose the mortgage. You see now how I am fixed." "I see,"said Jack, thoughtfully. Then he added, " I understand that the Manager of the Bank is Mr. Henry Cunningham's father?" " That is so." " One would have thought the father would have done something to help you, considering —everything'." he added hastily. _ " He will do nothing!" Lyns cried, sullenly. " Mr. Cunningham, senior, will no doubt warn his son against my daughter now that he knows I am tottering on the edge of social damnation. That is all I expect of him!" was the savage rejoinder Lynn made. "But what of your prospective son- in-law, then? Mr. Henry Cunningham, I fancy, should be able to help you in this supreme crisis of your existence," "Ulvarston returned. "He at all events must have the desire to further your interests, Mr. Ljnn. Have you never thought of applying to hiin?" " I have not only thought of applying to Sir. Henry, but I hare done so," Lynn cried, with knitted brows and a scowling countcnanco. " But, unfortunately," he went on, with curling lips, " his own difficulties at tbe present moment are so imminent and embarrassing that he finds a heap of trouble in meeting them. In plain English, Mr. Henry stated that, greatly as he wished to assist me, he couldn't possibly help me in any way. Not to the extent of a single sovereign." "Now I should never have thought that young Cunningham was in a corner," Jack retorted, with a meaning look at the mobile face of his companion. "Why, what do you mean?" Lynn demanded, with suddenly lifted brows and eager gaze. "Well, that young gentleman seemed gay and prosperous enough this evening when I saw him at the theatre. He was " " Are you sure, Ulvarston, quite certain, that it was Henry - Cunningham you saw there?" the master of the Grange interrupted the other with some heat. "Of course," Jack said quietly. "Iam positive of that, Mr. Lynn, for I know him fairly well now. Besides, I met him at the Victoria Hotel earlier in tbe evening. In fact, we spoke to each other there." "Then Cunningham is a mean, lying hound!" Lynn exclaimed, as he jumped to his feet. " When I saw him to-day, he had the infernal cheek to ask me to apologue to my daughter as a most urgent engagement prevented him from coming to the Grange this evening; and now you tell me he was at the theatre nnjoying himself, while my poor Annie was stuck fast at home; mourning his absence, I daresay!" "He was certainly at the theatre," Jack answered, with a kind of malicious pleasure, "and appeared to be enjoying himself immensely, for he and his friend were the observed of all observers." " His friend !'' Lynn cried, as he sank back upon his chair. " Who was with him?" "Mr. Cunningham's friend was a lady; and I understand that she is very wealthy and charitably disposed. Perhaps you will know the lady—Miss Crosdell?" " Miss Crosdell!" Lynn hissed, venomously. " Doyoumean old JatsesCrosdell's daughter?" "The same, I believe," Jack said, calmly, noting with keen delight the impression his information had produced upon the other. " I haven't the pleasure of knowing the attenuated lady with the bilious face, but I was told tiiat Bhe was some Crosdell's daughter, and owned some cotton mills in the town, and was also one of the richest women in Warrmgham." "It must have been Miss Crosdeli, then! And you say Henry Cunningham was with her?" Lynn asked again, as if he were loth to believe what he had heard. " I have already said so. They entered the theatre together, and during the performance were never awav from each other a moment. They smiled ana chatted like very old friends —as I suppose they are—and when the play was over I saw them ride away together in Miss Crosdell's carriage." " Cunningham!" Lynn spluttered, acridly, ae he rose to his feet and took a stride or two before the fireplace. " Like a common rat he is already sneaking away from the ship he thinks is going to sink, and like the mean, lying, selfish hound that he is he has already got his eyes on Miss Crosdell's money bags. Curse him, Ulvarston! Curse him!" "Why should I curse him?" Jack asked, with sarcastic coolness. " He is, I thinlr, hardly worth the risk, is he? Sit down and let us talk of your own affairs, Mr. Lynn." " But the infernal cheek of that heartless, good-looking young prig irritates me beyond endurance," Lynn murmured, as the recollection of his own embarrassed state sobered both his face and his speech. As he seated himself he added, " I don't believe, Ulvarston, that he cares a rap for Annie, and she hasn't the sense to see it. Now that my money has vanished he would like to be out of it altogether. I understand ! I understand 1 But she can't see—or won't!" "The man who prefers Miss Crosdell and her money-bags, Lynn, to your daughter is simply beneath contempt!" Ulvarston said, in a strong, impressive undertone. " I'd rather have one Miss Lynn than a whole universe of Miss Orosdells." There was a brief spell of silence between the two men. Ulvarston's reflections now were of the other's peerless daughter and of her merpenary-minded lover. If he had to choose between Miss Crosdell with all her thousands and Annie Lynn penniless, homeless, how long would he hesitate? Not a moment. The long, atrabilious countenance of the rich dame chilled him; the sweet, pure, winsome face of Annie was a lure, & magnet, that drew his heart. Abraham Lynn was regarding his old manager with a new interest now. The few warm words that Jack had uttered in his daughter's defence had lifted the veil from his sternly suppressed and carefully hidden affection. The secret of Jack's luckless love was a secret no longer to the master of the Grange. The old man understood at last; and the knowledge made him full of wrath for two— full of pity for one. " Well, Ulvarston." Lynn said presently, speaking in a soft, almost caressing, voice now. "what am I to do?" "What are you to do! Yes, that is the question, Mr. Lynn," Jack said, in the manner of one draggintr himself from a dream. As his blue eyes left the fire and fixed, themselves on his old employer's face he asked quietly. " Has Miss Lynn any idea of the true position of your affairs?" " She knows everything, Ulvarston!" "Everything, Lynn?' 1 " Yes, all there was to tell. She is aware that Cnnningliam and all the. others I have mentioned either cannot or won't help me." "But she does not know, I suppose, that you are here to-night?" " She does know," was the calm response. " To tell you the truth, Ulvarston, it was at her suggestion that I came here." J ack did not answer for some moments. He rose from his seat and stood with his back to the fire; his face composed and thoughtful, his eyes filled with an introspective light. Lynn finished his whisky m a methodical way, poured out another half-tumbler of water and drank it also, and then the young man turned suddenly. " I think I can manage it for you, Lynn," Jack said, very undramatically. " I'm not a rich man, as you know, but if you will come here to-morrow, at ten o'clock, you shall have the money." "You mean it, Ulvarston?" Lynn gasped, incredulously. " I mean it, Mr. Lynn!" " God bless you, lad !" The master of Moss Lane held out his hand in sudden warmth, and Jack shook it firmly. Then he thrust on his hat as they walked out, and saw his visitor into the lane. CHAPTER XIX. THE DAT OF RECKONING. _ After escorting Mr. Lynn to the gate, where they had met half an hour before, Ulvarston returned to the White House, but it was long after midnight before he thought of retiring. Before the fire, in the same room that he and his late visitor had occupied during their engrossing interview. Jack seated himself,-and as his eyes curiously watched the fitful play of the flickering flames he gave all his thoughts to the consideration of the fresh problems that night had brought forth. First of all he thought of the promise he had given to Abraham Lynn. On the morrow he had said he would furnish him with the sum necessary to meet his engagement, and he was resolved to fulfil his words. j As be mused there in the fireglow Jack could | [ not avoid asking himself why he had elected to come to the bankrupt speculator's assistance. Before even Abraham Lynn had made a direct appeal to him for money he had proffered to furnish him with four thousand seven hundred and fifty pounds on the morrow. Ulvarston's admiration for his late master never been very violent. At first he had ! felt a kind of contemptuous aversion for B the man and his methods. But what might I have grown into hatred had somehow | s gradually changed into a feeling of kindly, I even friendly, toleration. After all, he had I brought himself to think old Lynn wasn't much worse than anybody else. He was cniy ' to amass riches, like other capitalists, I n even his methods were not worse than 1 h those of the bulk of hi» kind. j s Yet while he made these excuses to himself I account for the other's shortcomings. Jack | a was not unaware of tbe faet that the new way | which he regarded Lynn and all his doings ' g not owiny to anr ehanpe m hia own o attitude or Lynn's character. He still u the niggardly, the avaricious, and the : t and yet he was about to help » man j whom all the three vile qualities were j combined. i T Why was be going to do this? hb He knew. Between himself and Abraham Lynn there stood the subtle presence of his daughter. For her sake he did not care look upon his former master with too an eye. The savinc qualities of Annie in themselves sufficient to m.-?ke any one loved her a little careless as to her father'? And that he loved Annie Lynn etill he made S attempt to hide from himself. It was for her dear sake that he was about to place at Abraham Lynn's command more than half of the ready cash he possessed. Perhaps he might not east in vain his bread upon the waters. Sitting there by the fire Jack thought of the new skein of complications which was drawing around Annie Lynn, Henry Cunningham, Miss Crosdell, and himself. What would bs the outcome of it all? Would the handsome man of the world he looked upon as a rival prefer all the empty social glories and luxuries of life, all the pomps and vanities that would be his who won the millowner's daughter, rather than possess himself of the truest and tenderest and most gloriously lovely woman God ever made? It would be well for himself and Annie if Cunningham would prefer the woman of gold to the woman of heart. That Henry Cunningham had won the hearts of both women it were folly to dispute. He (Cunningham) knew it, and was hanging even then between heaven and earth, like the coffin of Allah's Prophet. The glory and grace of Annie Lynn's presence had touched his heart, while the known wealth of Miss Crosdell had fired his brain with dreams of mundane magnifieence. He was divided between an alluring personality and an unauestionabjy attractive personality. Which way would the prig set his face? To the divine presence of tbe woman who loved him beyond his deserts, or to the well-filled coffers whose owner he would accept only for their sake? With all the fervour of his soul Jack Ulvarston hoped that Cunningham would ultimately tur^i to Miss Crosdell. Then even he might dream of winning Annie. Ere he fell asleep that night Jack chastised himself somewhat severely for some weaknesses and indiscretions of which he had been guilty in Abraham Lynn's presence. His detestation of Henry Cunningham had been plainly, too openly revealed; his love for Annie Lynn had eoarcely been veiled in one utterance he had allowed himself to make, and when he had promised Lynn that the money should be forthcoming on the morrow he had not etioulated that only themselves were to know of the transaction. Would it not havs been more honourable on his part bad he insisted that Annie Lynn should not be told whence came the money which enabled ker father to meet his engagements? She was already aware of his love, and when she learned that her parent owed his social salvation to him—Jack—would she not feel herself placed under a deep and lasting obligation to one for whom she possessed no affection? Was it fair to the woman to set her heart towards himself by such means? While pondering these problems of casuistry he fell asleep; and when he awoke tbe same cases of conscience presented themselves to him afro'h. But he had no hesitation now in severing the Gordon knot which had baffled hie attempts on the night before. Now, with the light and life and clearness of the new day before him, he only cared to remember that he loved Anitie Lynn above all else in the world, a-ad that he meant to win her when and how he could. It was still early, and after a hasty bite and sup he went forth into the warm quietcess of the autumn morning. He felt unusually clear-headed and light-hearted that morn. His feelings were not at all those of a man who was placing more than half his little fortune in the hands of another poised on the very «--srg^ of commercial disaster; his emotions and thoughts were rather those of one who had won or was about to win something dearly prized. Repairing to the White House Colliery, he went down each or the pits in turn, had a long chat with his underlooker, Harry Forde, and other of his officials, visited one or two places of importance, satisfied himself thateverything about the mines was going on all right, and then he hurried back to prepare for the coming of Abraham Lynn. Promptly at 10 o'clock the master of the Moss Lane pits presented himself at the White House. He waa shown into the room he and Ulvarston had occupied on the previous night, and the visitor was warmly greeted by the man who was awaiting his coming. Abraham Lynn appeared an altogether different being now to the despairing, ruined man he had seemed less than a dozen hours ago. His thin, eager features had a clear vigorous look of health upon them now; his eyes were keen and alert of old; his thick masses of grey hair were brushed carefully back, and hung on his coat collar; his bearing was upright, even dignified; the whole appearance of the man had undergone a change for the better. " Good morning, Mr. Lynn," Jack began, pleasantly, as he held out his hand. "I am glad you are punctual." "Good morning, Ulvarston," Lynn cried, genially, as ho shook the extended palm. " Yes, I am punctual; but there are times, my lad, when one dare not be late." "That is so, and this is one of them." " I know it, Sir." "Well, 3eat yourself. Oar business need not keep us any great length of time. Can I offer you anything? I was just thinking of having a wee drop of whisky and soda. Have been working like ' old boots' all morning, and haven't been long back from the colliery." "Then I'll join you in a. drop, Ulvarston." "And now, Mr. Lynn, about our little business?" Ja-ck said, as he seated himself beside the table near which his companion was sitting. " I am rather a novice at this kind of work, and you will have to instruct mo. What is the exact sum you require?" "£4,750." "That is just about £1,000 and some odd shillings less than I have in the Bank," Jack remarked almost smilingly; "or, to put it another way, it is about £2,000 less than I had when I restarted the White House Colliery." "But I understood that you had been wonderfully successful, Ulvarston, since you opened the colliery," Lynn remarked, with suddenly lifted brows, and a face that had grown a shade paler on hearing of the condition of the other's banking account. And have I not been wonderfully successful?" Jack asked, gaily. "You forget what the colliery is worth, Mr. Lynn. If you only appraise its worth at £5,000—a sum considerably less than I would like to part with it for— that means I have baen making the salary of the Prime Minister of England. '' Still, if you advance me the sum I require," Lynn said, gravely, "you will be crippling yourself, won'c youV "I fancy I shall be able to get along, thank you. But now as to the money itself. Will it be sufficient if you receive my cheque for the amount, or shall I go to the Bank, draw the amount, and hand it over to you?"" " As you please; but if it would not put you to any crreat inconvenience, Ulvarston, I should prefer you to go to the Baalc with me. The sum is a large one. and thev might raise some petty objection which would prove fatal to me. You understand me, I hope. If that money is not paid by 2 o'clock the colliery and all else passes away from ms," Lynn said, with an uneasy fa.ee. Then v.-e will go to town together," Jack cried, readily. " If you will pardon me a moment I shall be at your command for the remainder of the day. . . Now I am qnite ready, Mr. Lynn. Here is your cheque—don't thank me, please, till you have got it cashed. Now. how are we to get quickly to Warringham?" " My dogcart is waiting beside the Grange. I ordered it to be ready for me at the gate." " Then we can drive down together. Come along; isn't it a splendid morning?" "It is a splendid morning, Ulvarston," the other said lowly, but very fervently, as they eained the open air. " It is a morning that I shall nevor forget, Sir. aslons as T breathe!" " And never wish repeated, eh?" Jack said, smiling. "May God forget me, Ind, if I ever forget your kindness!" the old man said, huskily. " Here I have your cheque in my pocket, and you have nothing—not even an IOU for the debt. Let us go back, and I will give you s one. We have plenty of time yet, Ulvarston." s " Come along, man; that will do any time was Jack's rtply, as they went through the gate into the lane. Then ho added, as they paced side by side, 11 There is one favour I should lite you to concede me. Mr. Lynn." "Anything! What is it? What can I refuse you now?" "Have you told Miss L3 - nn anvthing of s this?" "Certainly! I told her all last night, and on her knees before me she prayed to heaven to bless you for your great kindness." " I wish she did not know," Jack said with a troubled look in his blue eyef. "1 forgot to tell you that I did not wish her to know that it was I who was assisting you." "But why shouldn't she know ?" Lynn asked bluntly. I thought she ought to know, so I told her! Have I done wrong, ltd?" "But you needn't tell Mr. Cunningham," Jaok. evading the other question. " No: but I should like to have that pleasure !" Lynn exclaimed vjoioosly. " For my sake keep the matter secret, will you? For several reasons I do not desire him to know." " Then I will not tell him, lad. But when I meet Mr. Henry Cunningham he will in very plain English \rhat I think about j h hypocritical prig? as himself! ! In a minute they were opposite the Grange, : n just then the dogcart came to the ffate. i m As Jack mounted the vehicle h? chanced to ; b scross the wall, and his eyes met those i a Annie Lynn. He saw her rare face flame M hke a ripe red rose, and as he lifted his hat y conveyance rolled away. e i d i p 