S01E SERIOUS SOULFUL SUB1ECTS. (By 'Boondi.') H ! Eureka ! I have made a most extra ordinary discovery ! There are women in Heaven ! Nofc angelic women alone, but real womanly women, and now of course i the yearning of men's ; souls for a happy future state will be greater than ever. As a rule where angels are mentioned in the Bible their sex is not referred to, except that when a pronoun is used it is generally masculine — another injustice to the swoeter sex. Bnt, looking over the Book of Books I find in the fifth chapter of Zachariah a verse which says : — And I lifted up my eyes and looked ; and behold there came out two women, and wind was in their wings, and they had wings like the wings of a kite ; and they lifted up the vessel between the earth and the heaven. o a c That the matter of sex should be con sidered in Heaven seems reasonable enough, for ifc was nofc only proclaimed in the Creation, but it penetrates to the inmost organism of human minds. Sex was dis tinctly marked even in the lowliest sea planfc of which the only remains we have are in the Silurian formation, and it was equally maintained in the humblest mollusc inhabiting its simple bivalve shell. People smile when one speaks of the possibility of an oyster being crossed in love ; bufc for the one person who can correctly gange the warmth of an oyster's heart; there are millions who can appreciate the appetising nature of its tasty body. There is a suggestion in this which is far more terrible to me than anything mentioned in Colonel Olcott's most blood curdling lecture. Conceive, if you can, the awful enormity of taking up a love-sick Romeo in the form of an oyster, sousing him in Chili vinegar, covering him with pepper and then popping him down behind your vest buttons at a single gulp ! This is a terrible thought, and I fear I shall never have the courage to look au oyster in the face again. * * * Returning to our celestial women, how ever, a very learned U niversifcy professor, who was largely indebted to his imagina tion for his fact, once lectured on this soulful subject, and said : ' On this earth, in a true marriage, the hearts, minds, and lives of true partners are so united that they are not separated by death, and when one is gone the other looks forward to being reunited in the other life with the departed one.' ? » 5» I sincerely trust that that assertion is correct, bufc there are cases in which such reunions may lead to serious trouble, and be the occasion of much unseemly conduct in the Land of the Great Hereafter. For example, I know a man who has five wives buried in a private cemetery of his own, and is now living happily with his sixth. He lived happily with all the others, too, but then he had the good sense to be well off with his old love before he caught on to the new. When he dies the reunion will be unpleasantly multitudinous, I fear, and when once his various wives start dis puting as to who has the best right to his company in the celestial spheres, ifc will soon occur to him that Heaven, is not his home at all, and if ever a poor ghost hurried back to earth ifc will be the ghosfcof that unlucky mildly Mormonistic man. * * * ' How is your poor soul to-day ?' That is another serious subject; which starts out of the above, and it reminds me that some years ago a burly, beefy street preacher, who had a soulful following of four wizened old men, seven spike-nosed women, and a bob-tailed dog, used to give a thuu dering tax-gathererer's knock at; my front; door afc 10 o'clock every Sunday morning and ask, in a loud, aggressive tone : 'How is your poor soul to-day ?' * # s Thinking that; this prayerful party was actuated by friendly feelings, I at first answered him respectfully, and said: 'It is very well indeed, thank you, sir !' Just the same as if he were enquiring about my liver, or my mucous membrane, or my lum bar region, or anything else that I really had some knowledge of. In time familiarity begot flippancy, and I used to reply to the souifui query with a cheerful, 'Oh, fit as a fiddle!' or, 'Nofc bo dusty at all to-day, old party 1' Bufc at last the thing grew monotonous and wearisome, and one day I savagely said: 'My soul is my own look out. Anyway, I've got; ifc covered with asbestos now, so you needn't call any more.' a * » Strange to say, I never saw that in quisitive apostle since. Some months after I had banged the door on him, however, I met one of his dried-up disciples, and asked what had become of Brother B. The I disciple seemed very uneasy, and shuffled ! with his feet a deal, and finally whispered : ! ' There was trouble in the fold and our | leader went away.' Ah 1' said I. ' And ! what was the woman's name ?' ' Oh, you ! heerd about it, did yer?' exclaimed the ' ancient, quickly, as he jerked his head on one side and squinted at me like an old one-eyed magpie looking for a worm. 'Well, she was no good envway, an' the pair ov 'em cleared out together. If they've got their due they're in Hades by now 1' * » * No one has troubled much about my salvation since then, but Col. Olcott's chat about our astral belongings caused me to sample my soul the other day, and I was much annoyed to find it rather frayed at the edges and thin in the middle, and altogether not exactly as respectable an astral covering as I ought to wear. (N.B. — j In speaking thus of the soul, let no one ' imagine I am alluding to the spiritual soul which all good persons reverence — and are all the batter for doing so, too. I allude solely to the stock subject which persons who 'travel on the game ' prate so glibly about to those who are so gullible, but nofc nearly so full of a certain cunning as them selves). o o o Some few years ago a scientific sillikin published a book, describing the human soul and its precise situation. It was a very good book, barring the fact that everything it contained was wrong from start to finish, and it was lavishly illus trated with diagrams of all sorts and con ditions of souls, taken from spiritual life, of course. From this very interesting bufc ? wholly unreliable work I learnt that a soul may bo oither red, green, blue, or yellow; any color, in fact, except piebald ; that ifc is shaped something like a small vegetable marrow — and is situated in the region of the waist — the latter fact; being probably accountable for -the prompt manner in which a young man's arm instinctively ? , winds round a young woman's waist when the owner of the arm wishes to make an impression on his partner's soul. o o All that teaching was ridiculously wrong,' of courso. As Col. Olcott has most learnedly pointed out, the soul is a highly luminous but wholly invisible, misty, vaporous sort of substance, which surrounds the body just as a lace veil envelops a blushing bride, or a Chinkie cook blows the icing round a bridal cake. This explains why we sometimes find a very small, poor man withja soul large enough to fill the Town Hall and bulge out through the skylights aa well, while the soul of a portly pompous rich man might easily be popped into a pea-pod, and not find itself inconveniently crowded either. o o o Furthermore, the fact that the soul i» worn outside the body like an overeoat explains why certain people are attracted to each other the moment they first meet while other persons are just as rudely re pelled. (Some speak of this as 'oadio force,' and there is undoubtedly more in it than the world at present understands). When souls that are essentially of the same character come in contact with one another they blend most harmoniously together, as any person who is in the habit of falling in love at first sight will readily understand. But when souls of totally unsympathetic dispositions meet they kicfe out at each other like a lot of mad mules, and the unfortunate bodies inside of the aggressive astral coverings feel as scared as if they were umpiring a football match, or ih the middle of a street ' unpleasant ness', in which several allied 'pushes'' had them down and were about to 'gi Xf 'em Bendi.' ttoet Sensitivepersonsseatedin public vehicles, places of amusement, and the like, occa sionally experience a strange feeling of unrest and a decided aversion to the strangers who are sitting by their side, and this unpleasant; sensation remains with tbem until they are rid of those persons' company. The explanation of this peculiar fact is that; the magnetic aura of thfl adjacent souls repels, and will no mora commingle than oil will with water. This kind of thing is very distressing to nervous persons ; in fact, it is safe to say that half an hour's conversation with a person whom we find it impossible to ' take to ' robs one of more vitality than a day's hard work scrub-cutting on the Bogan would do. Highly- strung public performers of all classes would do well to make a note of that. * » * In a large crowd a sort of electrical sympathy often passes suddenly from one person to auother (owing to the absurd custom of wearing our souls outside our bodies), and this has a very great, some times a very dangerous influence over the mind. Panics prove this. The terrifying suggestion which each man could easily beat down if alone becomes so intensified on being reflected from a thousand frightened faces that he gives way, and becomes for the time being a struggling, senseless animal. Something similar hap pens' during the troublous time of strikes, A crowd gathers, the spirit of disorder is abroad, the 6eethirig waves of discontent rise higher and higher, and the fingers of even sober citizens itch to tangle then* selves in someone's hair. 9 * * Presently a blow is struck, or a stone ia thrown, and then one and all wade into the fray bull-headed, and not at all over particular as to whether the men they belt are friends or foes. And all this trouble is occasioned simply because we wear our souls outside our bodies, just as a semi civilised Chinaman wears his shirt outside his trousers. The lesson to be learnt from this day's lecture therefore is : 'Tuck in your souls, and hold no converse with professional politicians, tax collectors, doctors, duns, or any other persons of an uncongenial, unsympathetic nature.' 