I/ECTUBE-ENTERTAtNMENT. On Monday evening the Rev. Joseph Woodhouse de livered his lecture in the School-hall. Subject - " Men ot mark whom I have known." It wan, as the Bev. gentleman announced the previous day, a lecture-entertainment with the emphasis on entertainment. The meeting was djjoneri devo! tio|}Hlly by the Rev. M. H. Parkinson;' who intro duce I the leoturer to t]ie andience. There was a very fair attendance 'arid they were richly enter tained from beginning to end. Mr. Woo Ihouse dwelt oh five of tho world's lead ing men from his point of view. Four are alive now, one having died a short time ago. Mr. William Ewart Gladstone was taken first, whd for 89 years' had worn the white Howor of a blameless' itife. His qualities an a financier, an ora tor, an nutbor. and a churohman, were dwelt upon at length. Ho was a' rnany-sided' great man-* speoialist in 'half-a-dozen subjects. He entered parliament at 22 years of age, he fought for free t|adoj opposed slavery and oil forms of persecu tion." H<i li'aduS^oiated" the 1-ightB of labor and home rule for Ireland. Concerning the latter he had without doubt the interests of the people of Ireland at heart. He spent 60 years in Par'ia itfent, was four'timea Premier iind five tini'js leaffer of his-party;' Ho possessed a strong physique and great powers of concentration. One writer said that the past CO years had revealed in Gladstone tho pejwer to rule and in Queen Victoria the power to reign: On the 3rd of March, 1884, tho speaker had the great" privilege of hearing a speeoh by Glad stone in the House of Commohs. Next oame Dr. Joseph Purlce'r, of the City Temple. London, the greatest preacher of the' age. A man of massive size, and of great strength in every way, but by no means beautiful ; in fact Mrs. Parker and fyimself are known in London as Beauty and the Beast, Mrs. Parker being the beauty. Dr. Pink>r was a master in pulpit oratory, and his sympathie* were broad and catholic. Ho was also an author, and the conductor of the famousThixrsdiy mid-day servi ces. He possessed considerable humor, some amus ing examples being given. The'Bov. Charles Garrett, a foremost temperance man of mark, possessed a beautiful spirit, and is beloved by all ; a man whose life is full of sunshine and lives with God. He had many conversions in alj hiB circuits. He had lived to see a great revolu tion,"th'ere being scarcely a temperance minister 50 years ago, while now it was quite tho reverse. The Bev. Thomas Cook, for a young man, is the most successful soul-saving evangelist of the 19th century, or even since the days of the apostles', and yet he possesses neither oratory, learning, nor emo tional feeling, but believed strongly in the fullness oj thp Holy Ghost. He is a man of great faith. T,'ne Bev. Peter Mackenzie, of Scotland, who died a couple of years ago, was a very lively riian, |n his case an exception-was njade by the British Coh ference; ill that he was accepted as a minister at the Age ot 32 years, having a wife and two children. As a leoturer, ho suaeeeded in raising from £85,000 to £100,OOQ' tdwar'da reducing' tho debts on the British Methodist Churches. He was' qntS o£" a number who consecrated themselves to the Bervice of'God and concentrated their' energies for the'good of humanity^ One of that number was Mr. Bail ton, now Commissioner Bailton of the Salvation Army. . ' . ? . On the motion otMeqsrs. F. R. Raward and W-. Aleorn, a vote of thanks' was' carried by acclama tion to the Bev. Lecturer, who briefly responded. ? 