\- THE CITY RAILWAY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — I am. glad to seo tho citizens of Sydney have resolved to maiiitaiu tho present integrity o£ their public park, and that they will not be robbed of their permanent property simply be cause the commission and Mr. Ewing want it for railway purposes. The people have blocked such vandalism on the part of property owners for some time, and by a united front all round, I trust they will yet be successful in saying "hands off Hyde Park." Tho letter of Mr. Ewing, in a recent issue was in bad taste, especially for one who should have presided in uii impartial manner over the Royal Commission. The report was de cidedly in favor of a breach of contract and covenant, and Mr. Ewing's letter in support of spoliation; in fact, his letter showed his partiality as clear as daylight. If he succeeded in getting a careless thinking Parliament to carry his ideas, he has not succeeded iu carrying outside public opinion on the subject. Mr. Ewing is more of an undistinguished personage than a great adviser, and if his action with regard to Hyde Park can be measured with Ills legislative ideas, I am not sur prised at some small-brained Parliaments. When Mr. Ewing, in the height of his mediocre wisdom, seeks to call in question "the wisdom, experience, and intelligence" of the City Council, and thinks they arc not equal to the dozen Royal Commis sioners, he becomes conceited, impertinent, and a colonial blow-hard. I think that a dozen of the atcrs Sydney can favorably compare with a dozen members of the Assembly, judging them by their do-nothing character since the last election. Mr. Ewing also forgets that tbo civic fathers are representative men, with more important constituencies than anything on the Richmond. A Sydney alderman is a greater re presentative of the people than Mr. Ewing, at any rate, although Sydney is not yet a royal city. The idea of Hyde Park being given over to railway destruction will not suit a fair-play Lismore elector, let alone a Sydneyite. The City Council and the citizens of Sydney are nothing in the eyes of Mr. Ewing, but they have rights and privileges which will be defended with all their might and influence, but Parliaments and Royal Commissions have done some very foolish things. It was not the duty of the City Council to give evidence before the commission, which latter body must have known that the council would bo bound to oppose the destruction of the parks either vested in the council or in the State. He did not invite an all-round evidence upon the subject, and he Issued tho report without it. I know of twenty persons whose evidence should have been taken, but they were not invited. lie lays great stress upou Ilyde Park as belonging to the whole colony, and not to the city of Sydney. This is the point which ho must got out of his mind. It is the fallacy upon which his judgment splits. No truer citizen of Sydney living in the suburbs' wants to break up the public' parks, for the sake of a second or two in a carriage. If it is true that the council has neither control nor juris diction over the city parks, it is high time that Hyde and other parks should be vested in the Mayor and City Council. All the municipalities in town and country will have special interest in supporting a Public Parks Dedication Munici pality Bill. There is a mighty principle at slake In this question, which has been fought out at home long ago. He boxes up public destruction with city financial circumstances. It was the duty of the State to endow Sydney with parks, especially when the State got the land for no thing, without a famous battle like the more unfortunate colonists of Canada, the Cape, and New Zealand. It is a mean and narrow-brained way of Argument that of the throw ing up of bygone city poverty. The council can pay its debts as well as the colony — without consolidation — botli go in for loans, and the City Council scrip stands high in London and Sydney. There is too much of grandmother's logic, reason, aud advice in Mr. Ewing when he argues that in consequence of certain money affairs (or, ye gods, "generous treatment") "the City Council should reconsider its decision." The council wants a city line, and it has au alternative scheme far better than the new 'railway track through Hyde Park, which, according to the plans scon by me. will destroy its usefulness and pielureHquenoss for ever. Red fern will always be the railway base of any city extension. It is the chief rom of iin» railway tree, and all branches striking »ut from it. will own It as the chief stem of the railway plant. It will cost too much money to remove Red fern to any point in Sydney. Half a million is nothing for such a project as city railways. Better would it be to construct underground rail ways, like those of London, Paris, ami Glasgow, than tolerate a Hyde Park scheme. This would be a step nearer solution than the present, bogus plan. It Is low cunning to state that the Hyde Park idea will develop the country, a railway extension from Darling Harbor to Circular Quay and Woolloomooloo might do so. but certainly not the Hyde Park project. If he will compare the 40,000 daily passengers of Kcdfern with the daily passsengers of Lime-street, Liverpool, Vic toria Station, London, or St. Enoch's Square, Glasgow, what a small railway crowd that c.f Rcdfern must he. Kcdfern will always he ihe city and exit from the city. AVhat is the differ ence between jumping upon the penny cable tram at Hunter or King' streets and a railway train? The cable train or auto-motor 'system will bo quite sufficient to supply passenger trade of all the Darling Harbor- Woolloomooloo pro- motary area of social, Industrial, and commercial activity, especially of tram lines run down Pitt or George streets. I am obliged to Mr. Ewing for the idea as it will benefit the cable tram sys tem in the centre of business, connected with the Redfern railway. The question of easy access to and from the city is of sovereign importance, but tho commissioners' report will not be an easy way out or in, if it goes through Hyde Park. Country or suburban air will increase the height and breadth of the "homo sapiens" in Sydney, but the workers will get fresh air in Hyde Park and the suburbs as well. A great number of persons cannot afford to live in the suburbs, as the rail way fare and cost of living arc too great, and they must content themselves with fate in town. Boys and girls' wages nowadays would not pay the cost of railway fares, and they must have bread, without the high priced butter, eggs, and vegetables. Therefore, they must go to the park and the Domain for fresh air, without the fresh butter or the misphilanthropy of the Royal Commission. With regard to "generous treat ment," etc., the City Council had to pay £121,000 for the site of the old police court in George and Druitt streets to tho Dibbs Government, after it was promised to the council for nothing by tho late Sir Henry Parkes; hence the liberal treatment. If Mr. Ewing would read up some of the Acts of Captain rhillip and Governor Macquaric he would find that these far-seeing men recognised the necessity of securing common or public parks for posterity. Roth valued the land highly, but they were "anxious for the accom modation of the inhabitants of Sydney," Gover nor Macquarie also directed as follows: — "His Excellency thus comimiulcates to the public lliat be will make a regular grant of said common lands to tho Judge Advocate and Magistrates of Sydney, for the time being, in trust for the benefit of tha present, aud of all succeeding in habitants of Sydney. By command of his Excel lency the Governor. J. T. CAMPBELL, Secre tary-" Cable trams and motor cars are cheap enough, and a more modernised style for passen ger traffic. The days of steam for long journeys are not yet numbered, but sicum motors In the streets of Sydney are not a decided success. Tunnels are the only things in cities to ease off street traffic, ft was even proposed to tunnel Sydney Harbor. Tunnels are costly, but they create cheap railway working; indeed, the first cost In a scheme of this kind is always the cheapest. Mr. Ewing must not frighten city fathers, citizens. Parliament, nor Ms.L.A. with the bogey of ventilation. The civil engineers will cure all this sort ol' thing. 1 agree with Mr. Ewing that all plans should be of a "permanent" character — like a Hyde Park dedication. Mr. Ewing will liud that the system just mentioned will be "sufficiently comprehen sive to meet public requirements us fur ahead as it is possible to see." I regard the tram system to finally settle the passenger convenience, and also consider tbat the railway extension from Darling Harbor to the foot of Margaret-street, and thence through a tunnel to Circular Quay, and through another tunnel to Woolloomooloo, is tho best. The Darling Harbor-Circular Quay route would not close up streets, pay enormous sums to properly owners, buy out large going businesses, sweep away buildings, and cause a load upon the people. If tho parks of Sydney are maintained by the State people and State grants, you quite forget tbat the State mouey is amply provided out of tho taxes and imposts of the Stato in Sydney. Do you think that the people of Sydney pay nothing to the State? What a childish fallacy! There must be no question raised or debate re tho best utilisation of our park lands in the matter to bo decided. The city railway is not a country or a colonial question at all. The idea of making a cemetery a public park is too "grave" a subject, and tho ghost of Dr. Lang might object. Mr. Ewing should not "vex bis ghost." Let tho dead lie; peaeo be to their bones. I trust that a citizens' roll-up meeting will be held In Hyde Park itself, and let Parlia ment seo that the transfer of Hyde Park for rail way purposes is a State robbery. Surely Parlia ment- will nnt ihrenlcA tliu nf tlin rUtv of Sydney. — Yours, etc., CITIZEN. 