NEWS IN BRi£F HEW SOiJTKWfllES. In January next 1993 acres near Tirana in-27 blocks will be open for homestead selection. Sydney's oldest na'ive is Mrs. Piper, of Surrey Hills. She was born 10th May, 1810, and has a vivid recollection of the convict days. A destructive bush firevnear Ballina, has extended to the sugar plantations, and has burnt out several holdings. The loss is stated at £1500. One of the leading barristers of Sydney g'ates that under the New South Wales libel law journalists are denied the rights' possessed by private citizens. The Railway Commissioners have re ported that the introduction of the eight: hour system on the railways would neces sitate a reduction id the rate of 'wages. Newcastle School of Arts has decided to purchase a billiard-table for the iosti tutipn. One hired for 21 weeks as an- experiment returned a revenue of £43 7s. : Stewart Todhunter, the fourth son of; Mr.- Frank Todhunter, of Wombiana, was! struck dead by lightning on Thursday at; Bando Station, Borne distance from War-: ren. The deceased was 19 years of age. At meeting of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce it was decided, in view of the probability of New South Wales becom ing a wheat exporter, that a corn trade sectional committee s'aall be established. Sir Saul Samuel has been appointed chairman of the National Mutual Life; Association of Australasia, and Messrs.: Alfred 'G-arrick and Walter Oswald have been appointed members of its British board of directors. . A freetrade anomaly : During several months of the year penniless and half starved tramps may be seen begging food irom teamsters engaged in carting bales of wool that are on their way to be worked up by the inhabitans of other lands. Among the list of engagements in a London exchange, is the following :— A marriage will take place in October be tween Ashley Westby, of Pullitop, New South Wales, and Charlotte, widow of Alfred Blount, of 1 Montague-square. Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P., the well-! known advocate of postal reform, reashed, Sydney on Tuesday. His present mission' is Baid to be more particularly in con-; nection with a proposed tour next season of an English parliamentary cricket team.: Amongst the 'native products'; wbieh members sometimes exhibit in the: Parliamentary lobbies wa^ a young gen tleman from Cooma, who looked down upon the political situation from a height of 6ft. lO^in., while his fighting weight was 17 stone. The timid folk of Hamilton, Newcastle, are in a state of feverish ex.itement over a ghost, which appears as a woman in grey, and the unfortunate policeman is spending sleepless nights watching for the ' spook,' which somehow evades the vision of the ' man in blue.' Canon Kingsmill at a meeting of the Goulburn Highland Society last wefk read a paper on the 'Social Tangle.' He pointed out that the dangers likely to arise if the present system were allowed to continue with organised labor fighting organised capital, and he advocated co operation as one of the remedies. ' When will the electors of New South 'Wales,' asks the Bathurst National Ad vocate, .'? return men to Parliament who have- ability, instead of brainless indivi duals who are useful only as log rollers and roads and bridges representative?? These latter fill the Assembly, yet people are always complaining about bad Jaws.' In view of the probable occurrence of telluride ores in New South Wales, and the great value of this source of gold, the 1 Minister for Mines, Mr. Sydney Smith, some time ago sent the Government Geo f logisr, Mr. Pitman, to Western Australia to make a careful inves'igation of the oc currence of this mineral in the Kalgooriie district. Mr. Alfred Kennerly, ex-Premier of Tasmania, and a noted philanthropist^ has died in Iub 88th year. He was the founder of the Boys' Home, in Uobart, and a liberul supporter of many other good works. His surviviug relatives are two nephews, Messrs. R. and B. T rry, residing in New South Wales, on whom his property devolves. Dr.' Harman Tarrant, according to the Bxmday Times, has declined the rcqueBt pf some of his old Kiama constituents that he would allow himself to be nominated for the 'ghostly' electorate at the forth coming general election. We have not heard what proportion of his own consti tuents came to the determination of ask ing Dr. Tarrant to stand. . A bill is before the Tasmanian Parlia ment to prevent the defacement of pro perty by advertisements and otherwise. Offenders who display pictures, printed or written matter, or any advertisements or signs whatever in any public place with out, t.hfi P.nnsi tih nt' I.Via rjwnflv nf t.hft property on which such display is made, will be liable to a fine of £5 for each offence. The Supreme Court has granted an application made on behalf of friends of Wm. Cresstv ell, a lunatic, for the examin ation of thab individual's person by two doctors, with the view of ascertaining if he bears tattoo-marks identical with those borne by Sir -Roger Tichborne. This is with the view of showing eventually that Cresswell and Tichborne are one and tbe same. At the Paddington police court on the 12th inst., five young men were fined £3 to £5 each for riotous conduct and as sault. The evidence showed that a youth named Maron created a disturbance in. a hall where a dramatic performance was being held, and was ejected by James Igo, who described himself as the ,' company's chucker out.' Maron's friends collected after the show and a disgraceful riot took place, in which atom s were freely used. Mr. A. Bruce, the chitf inspector of stock for New South Wales, has issued cautions against allowing cattle to leave Queensland runs without the necessary declaration of health and an inspector's certificate. Mr. Bruce complains that New South Wales inspectors afc the border have sometimes to, wait after the time at which they have received notice that stock will cross, and he states that in future a charge will be made for lost time at the rate of £1 per day. It is now (says the Free Press) an open secret since the institution of recentpro ceedings, that many sheep have been missed lately by different owners in the immediate neighborhood of Corowa, and that, of necessity, the practice of sheep stealing is, or has been, well established locally. It does not appear that the losses now complained of have been re proof that the losses have been sustained, and that they were not the result of drought. A painful discovery waa made by the children of Mrs. Agnes Mathurst at their home at Glebe Point on Saturday. They had been outside their house, and upon entering the bedroom found their mother lying on the door dead with her throat cut from ear to ear. A blood-stained carving knife was grasped in her hand. The husband was awav in search of work at the time, but he alleges that his wife was apparently perfectly contented, and had never hinted at an intention to com mit suicide. Some statements published with re ference to the exodus of bees from the Ilia warm district has aroused some in terest, and various conjectures and theories have been aivancsd as to reason. The most probable, however, amongst many waa given by a gentleman hailing from Woliongong, his theory b ing that the fumes from the new smelting works were responsible for tbe migration. Apiaris s in the district would like to know the views of experts as to the why aid wherefore of the bees' mysterious disappearance. In the face of the. fact that a general election must take place within the next few months, it is of importance1 that those electors who are entitled to the fra ichise, but who have not elector's rights, should procure them without delay. It is notified in the Gazette that ib is intended to isuo forthwith, to persons who have applied (whose nanj's appear on list to be exhi bited at the various post offices in the electorates named thereon) amended elec tors' rights, under section 1 of the Par liamentary Electorates and Electious Act of 1893 and Further Amendine-nt Act of 1891. At Granville a carriage cleanor named John Haddin was killed last week on the railway. While he was on duty a loco motive collided with somo waggons and crushed him to death. Had th« points been blocked the accident could not have happened. At the inqu-'st Walter Car penter, the foreman ot the shunting yard, stated that be propped the points and could not account for them going wrong. The jury found that the deceased met hia death through the negligence, of the officer, whose duty it. was to attendtp the points. The coroner then committed Carpenter for trial. 