OCCASIONAL OTEB.: \---e-- SYDNEY, Bvranuia. BAZAARS. You a considerable time Parliament has been spending sleepless nights and harassing its brains in the effort to chohe the gambling fiend. The throttling operations have been vigorous and continued, but the demon has proved himself imperious to political suffoca tion. The one great invulnerable front the wary eloven foot always presented when closely pressed bore the words "benevolent bazanr, religious rafle, charity fair, mission relief, poverty patronage, church aid." This was invariably too much for the tender hearted legislators sad Mephistopheles won the day and, smiling, slyly continued to plunder. A vATAL TtRUST. The devil has at last been defeated, his doom is sealed. He can do nothing now but turn to the wall and deliver up the ghost. The fatal thrust has been delivered by one of greater power in every sense than the whole collective wisdom of the Hduses of Parlia ment, by an honourable gentleman whose word throughout this country the people have every right to accept as final and conclusive. This is no less a personoge than his Excellency the Governor, and all common-sense peop!e will breathe a prayer of thankfulness that the head of our dominion has spoken out in un mistakable tones. LO?SD HAKDEN'S VIEWS. Lord Hampden, in laying the memorial stone of the city mission building at Pad dington this afternoon, is reported to have said that he thought bacsars were to institutions what alcohol was to individuals. They stimulated for a time, but if persi;ted in caoused a collapse. He wished someone would put a stop to basaars' as a means of raising funds for institutions, and would in stead induce the public to subscribe regularly to suchb. HisExcelleney didnot eonfinehimself to precept, but handed over a cheque for £50. These words apply equally to s'arliament, priest, and publican, and will echo from ensd to end of New Bouth Wales. ~a '~ouse. During the last few weeks Mr. ichey, Mh.P., has probed deeply into the sides of the Government. His thrusts have been con eistent and prolonged, and have afforded very small openings for retaliation. The attacks have taken the form of hard-hitting questions with which the business paper has teemed. 0o steady has the fusilade been that the other evening a member exclaimed, " You want a little Parliament all to yourself," and the Acting-Premier remarked that the greater part of each day was required for the com pilation of answers to the questions of the member for'Darlington. In many instances Mr. Brunker has strictly-very striotly adhered to brevity in answering Mr. Sohoy, and has swept away a long series of queries with the simple word "No," but without etffect. Some of the offl8oors of the department would no doubt give a "glee" if the irre pressible member were shied in more than one sense. P~ATE TO PraDITION.e The path to perdition is paved with good intentions. This is stated on the authority of Mr. Orick, who gave the Legislative As sembly the benefit of the information one night this week. The quotation, though ancient, was an apt one in every respect, and was .probably repeated by the member for West Miacquarie with the main object of acquainting some of his colleagues of the danger which undoubtedly besets them. The warning words fell on heedless ears, howerver, and the members continued in their perilous course. By the "press gang" in thesgallery the utterance was accepted as a prophecy speedily to be fufilled, and the more speedily the better. In wasting the time of the House and the country the inten tions of many of the political jackdaws are good, but the confraterity of scribes above the Speaker glory in the knowledge that a day of reckoning is at band. A GOENTLE3??. As the clock in the Legislative Chamber chimed out the last stroke of the last hour of· Wednesday last Mr. Fegan sprang to ies feet and protested loudly and strongly at the action of the Government in not carrying-the fate of the Local Option measure to a steady issue. The House did not wish to hear tbhe hon. member, and did wish to adjourn-a disinolination and an inclination perfoobly excusable under the cireonmstances. What was not. excusable, however, and what was an insult to the desembly and the country was the action of some person who accompanied the remarks of the representative of Wickham by a series of noises resembling a combination of cat calls and pig squeals. One erpeotrs to Be afflicted with such noises from the ro:f row of seats at a theatre during the performance of an unpopular piece, and one as naturally expects the throat' artists to be hueled to the street neck and crop. Na doubt the member who was re eponsiblo for the effort on Wednesday con -oiders himself a gentleman. The electors of his constituency deserve to be complimented an their choice. 1E BOILER EXPstpBeO. The fatal boiler explosion which occurred a few miles from Bathurat the other day was a ghastly catastrophe. Among other things it afords another proof of the fact so fre. ,ouently indicated in the past, that the steam power sometimes gets beyond eontreol. When the news of the accident was first flashed over the wires ,people at a distance were dis posed to think the boiler must have been wealr, the water low, or the fire too fierce, but the coroner's jury have shown otherwise. They were placed in possession of all the facts, and found that no blame was attached to antone. Thpossibility of such dreadful ocourreneces transpiring at our very doors, where everythin5g.is sound and every precau tion taken, produces an uncomfortable sensa tion, and makes one think the engineer does not control all of the larger end of the ltick. The . compilation of mortality statistics in countriosa where boilers are not properly tested, where water :h allowed to doaseasese, nd -where fires burn fiercely, must be a stupendens undertaking. tW-BEGB INbA1QG BEPULCIIRES. S.ave you ever been to Hurstville ? Ifnot, don't let anything beguile you there. On the veradity of a local alderman-and 'he shoeld know--numbers of antiquated oattlo are run into the district by unOonscionable indisviduals'to save the owners the expensesof burying the careases. Notwithstanding the fact that the counoil pays an assistent in spector to protect the town from the peare grinating sepalobhres, herds of them are often seen econgregated in the main roads, and on one ocasion ,recently when the aldermen in conclave assembled were wrathfully animed verting on the 'grave-digging dluties forced upon them, a belated bovine bellowed de fianoe and went under the vory window of the august chamber. This was " rubbing it in" with a vengeance, and leeseolubly sealed the vendetta. The batt.5-axe has been re-ground, the war hatehet re-tem pered, the bowie unsheathed, and the people are turning out en masse in defence of their liberty and rights. 