Tbe Origin of Christmas Annuals. Some authorities now argue that the ' Christmas Carol' was the real founda tion of the Annual. If so, It Is curious to note that the edltio prlnceps appeared In a little volume very much In the small keepsake form. Blrter thus describes It :— ' Published not in red but In brown cloth with gilt edges, gilt design, and green end papers. ' On page 1 the head words read, ' Stave 1 ' The words ' Stave 1 indicate a later issue, no matter how the book may bo bound. It Is also, perhaps, amusing to note that the market price of the firBt edition of the ' Christmas Carol ' runs from £3 10e. upwards. Let it be known, however, that, des pite Its world-wide popularity, the au thor regarded the Carol as more or less a commercial failure (sic). He writes :— ' I found the Carol accounts waiting for me, and they were the cause of It (Ill ness). The first C000 copies show a profit of £230, and the last four will yield as much more. I had set my heart and soul on a thousand clear.' It Is evident from the character of the ' preface that Dickens counted on what might be called a general circulation, for , he says :— ' I have endeavoured in this : ghostly little book to raise the ghost of { an Idea which, shall not put my readers . out of humour with themselves, with I each other, with the season, or with me. ; May it haunt their houses pleasantly, : and no one wiBh to lay It.' j Neither 'The Carol,' 'The Chimes,' ' The Cricket on the Hearth,' 'The Battle of Life,' nor 'The Haunted Man ' ? fulfilled In any way the expectations of the writer. ' The truth was,' writes the biographer of Dickens, ' as to all the Christmas stories Issued in this , form, that the price, charged web too large, for the public addressed by them was too Ht'tlfe to remunerate their outlay ; and when In later years he put forth similar fancies for Christmas, charging for them fewer pence than the shillings charged tor these, lie counted his - purchasers— with fairly corresponding Rains to him- ; self— not by tens but by hundreds of j thousands.'— ' Windsor Magazine.' | 1 , 