THE GHOST OF THE UNDINE/ OAST away on one of the loneliest shores that . fora the -Peruvian coastline, ead guarded-by rugged and sharp^fanged rocks of blackbasalt -that »tand-like sentinels over'perhaps" the wildest stretch of land and water in the world/llaylaVÉhe fime'of Hhis 'narrative the Ëing wreck of the Undine, an old German na" By miscalculation and mishap, all,' ideavööring to leave her were lost, ex cept one-a^OfnaUp.whp ,indeed died soon, afterwards. Thus old soldiers often told of: tjke^peoträi''figures aud strange lights that f/öfit tinïe-tp!:timeiw,ere Been'tuoving across her deserted decks, j Jt( waa during our visit to1&ift;'coaa'¿,JaniÍ'at 'itíé tiran öf the war ba \- tween Chili and Peru, that the following iti cident.occurred. Our ship, by name, "The Lorairie" was 'anchored not far from that Ëpa'rt'of the shor« whare the deserted Undine lay, and all of our men having . heard that she weis haunted, were morn or less exercised l aeIWeV- the/ possible appearance of some weird sight. As the periods of moonlight drew on n various'r'uroonrs became current of sailor* on the anchor watch having seen a being that Htulked lip and down the deck of the Undine, if'Bfr-ahol-bye al} who had boon on that watch became more than ever convinced of the ap parition,so that when next my turn.came I . dStoÏÏiiiinècl"to'ascertain 'for mvnnlf whether \- >-ör not'thi;re was "any truth ' in tho matter. Betrt'gjtliorefóre. on; the anchor" watch soon after midnight,' I and my mate noticed a white .' VJIljecl jílitiiily 'móvinií ou the deck of.the old haiñjite'.!'''Áftérpai,ading'slowly tip and down' for a little white',''it suddenly stopped and .remained sta^ioriaryaboyé *,the, .niainr hatch." This*'we plainly saw' in' the intense moonlight' My mate w;hq jWrtg called Hardy, an old salt, seemed must anxious to help solve' the cnys *,;Céry ¿md although'1 we were sri mach impres sed with the sight .we could, not settle on any course1 to be taken, hut remained stupid -, a^?i1 fascinated stating at the unearthly.object, ' which now seemed to notice ns.' For my ojirn pa rt,, I regarded it at that time as super Tchtiman, and I once believed that old Hardy did the .¡sanie..,!; He,-however, ' became far moro eager than I was to ascertain if possible .'the'Wnse'of the apparition, and he urged'rae _ to accompany bini aboard the Undine. I .'yielded, and waking another sailor, we. three » éecfetly's'toíe down into'the ?.Lorraine's" boat ' tjîeij ^dropping gently astorn, rowed, swiftly i^R.i)o1 silently over to the old barque.- None of UB «polee a word, but all of us seemed breathlessly eager and-,expectant to meet -wi't'h'ao me polution of: the mystery. Shortly ; .before reaching the; wreck, we: wore suddenly disappointed, and dismayed at seeing the 'moon' obscured,, by ,a heavy"' cloud,, so .tliac* we lost sight of bur ghost,, which we 'had till then aeon shimmering in the moon light. On arriving at the vessel, we. could ~h'«á'r!sdnie!horr¡hle groans, and the clanking .pfyaj|patently a large iron';chain.. ,.OId Hardy 'wasgthe,first .to {eave the boat, and saying ;i;^Here's up,-who'll follow ?" he began to motiht «over'the'ship's'sidr. We left the boat ''tied below and. follovyod him . immediately. On reaching the '? deck he shouted out I'^-thai/ghost's /gone."-' - We' then' clambered .long* the'deok after Hardy,' who seemed, to 'lie'Viijffied and much! dejected, although., ivery .resplttte ; however after we , had waited some »econds,, wn heard distinct gron rm coming ap parently from the hold," the hatch of which remained open, all "the ship's Ht ti ti«« having ji^nlwashed away. ,-Hardv, then taking his' '»ltaat'h3'k,nife in: Iiis» teeth, proposed kt. once '¿nd» ' alone', to' descend the hatchway, .it's'eenied"!«^'.'.^«!'.^«';^ merest mud neus , to run 't'h'è'nS'î'of' encountering such an awful èx jmrience, aa I felt must await anyone attemp ting to pry into1 this mysféribus'"event. For myjown'p'art^for no "earthly price would I b^ay^dar'ed jto '..'venture below to tempt the ? secrets of that time and place. We two ph deck'now and then called to our mate beneath 'àMjWé^peeied awPHtrnck, into the utter dnrk )V/'M¡envelop'iíig',tho hold, for it seemed more like entering into the blackest hole of. the pit of Hell, than any earthly place., Frbni the.tiiiie that old'. Hardy,' had V.desceuded, there never ç^aR.ed, tb^rise.! curdling groans, that become-, latterly:incessant, and now «nd then were accompanied by rhythmical clanking" of chains"; could not' conceive",what WBB.going for waVil,'although we' now. distinguished a steady Splash,' asiofia' tuan-fording through .water, and we knew, that Hardy,must have moved froin'''lie£w«ën decks and was wadin<; his way Hlong she,partly,-.Hiibineryed hull towards the place, whence the sounds proceeded. Allât oope we"heárd his far a way voice shout al most incoherently, aud.apparently talking-tb the phantom ; what happened at that time we could not tell-although' we ' listened : breath lessly, while ottr'; ty*»"*»"artoptl-nearly .¡still, at last a terrible, struggle seemed to be going forward, then"a heart-rending shriek .arose, that checked our very blond. Diieotly 'after wards, while' the sound seemed yet ringing iii our~ëars,''Hardy came tearing up the lad der of the main-hatch, and leaping on the deck, with staring eyes, cried out " If that's a ghost I've killed it," He was wild and \- terrified and'frightened us, for his hands and ? wrivts were drenched with blood, ' He must have plunged Iiis 'knife iii over the'handle wherever he had nsed.it,, He then said, "I gave it one pull; tip, and .rippod the thing open, then it let oiita groan and fell into the water." Rushing almost ina frenzy' to our boat, wo now .humed back' on board the '.Lorraine.' On arriving, we at.once informed the ship's officers, and got the mate to return with us to the Undine.:' Taking'now,' arms and a lanthprn; we cautiously descended the hatchway »nd picked our way. carefully for ward. We could still distinguish a.faiut moaning.proceeding from the place where Hardy informed us hé had left the mangled creature. Going still further, we found the the awful,form huddled; together and lying in a foot of, water, but with its face above and upturned. - We cast the lamp's light full upon the livid'featu res, and were, astounded' to dis cover the^yiotim to be ño . other than one of j out messmates, a sailor named'Smith,' His bowel» wem torn half out, for he-waa com pletely ripped open by Hardy'« knife. It seems that ¡the wretched man had taken ad vantage of the superstition of the crew, and the ghastly stories conneoted with, the wieckVto play the ghost. His bunk being separated from the fo'c'sle. had favored ? his scheme,'and for that purpose he was equip ped* with^ whitened sacks. He had "swum over nightly to the wreck for the very purr, pose. ' He lived through the next, day, and died in agony. The man who had killed him appeared heart-broken, .although, the ghost liad,haias8ed.him tl rough the voyage. Had ,<? tu'ireV advantage of this'strangè supersti tion w rid himself of bia enemy! W.BorNxow 