LOCAL Am GENERAL. Twenty-one points of rain fell in Menzies for the 24 hours ending 9 a.m, yesterday. There have been no admissions to the Government Hospital during the past two days. Bartholomew Harrington made himself objectionable at the Freemason's Hotel last evening. As a consequence Bartholomew and a man in blue shortly afterwards proceeded arm-in-arm to the lock-up. The settling-up takes place in the courthouse to-day. A miner named Thomas Chedzey reported to the police yesterday that between the hours of 8.30 a.m.' and 4 p.m. his tent, situated near the Goldfields Brewery, had been ransacked, several articles being stolen. The police are investigating the matter. At the Police Court yesterday William Peete was fined. 20s for using indecent language. Two men, charged with stealing a bulldogrevolverfrom the Coolgardie Hotel, were discharged, as the complainant failed to appear, and the Bench made an order for the return of the revolver to the pawnbroker from whom it had been obtained. The meteorological records for the 24 hours in Coolgardie and Menzies previous to 9 a.m. yesterday, are as follow :—Coolgardie : Thermometer, dry bulb, 48deg; wet bulb, 46 , 2deg ; maximum, 67deg; minimum, 46deg. Menzies : Barometer, 30-19deg 9 thermometer, dry bulb, 53deg; wet bulb, 51deg; maximum, 70deg; minimum, 52deg. Elsewhere in this issue appears an interview with Mr H. Gregory, the chosen of North Coolgardie. It will be seen that Mr Gregory, while strongly in favor of the formation of a goldfields party, considers that Mr Illingworth is unsuited for the position of leader, on account of his declared Oppositionist attitude. Mr F. C. B. Vosper, M.P., has received a telegram from the Hon George Throssell, Minister for Lands, granting the people of Mulgarrie the section of land they applied for through their member on Tuesday. This will enable them to go on with the work of establishing a Miners' Institute right away, and is a quick piece of work all round. The sum of £247 7s has been banked as a result of the recent Jubilee Race Meeting, in aid of establishing a permanent relief fund in Coolgardie. There are still some accounts to pay and then a balance-sheet will be prepared. Both the Jubilee events, the race meeting and the Mechanic's Ball, on which a profit of about £40 was made are likely to pan out very successfully. Detailed statements of both will (be ? published as soon as available. An inquest on the body of Mr James Gibson, who met his death on Tuesday through a buggy accident at Kalgoorlie, was commenced on Tuesday; but, owing to the absence of a couple of men who were on the scene at the time of the accident, and whose evidence would throw some light as to the cause of the accident, the hearing was adjourned till 10 o'clock this morning. Elsewhere appeara an interesting interview with Mr Ed. Skewes, a Cornish expert of high standing and varied experience in America and England, who comes to the colony under a two years' engagement to the Boulder Main Reef Co. He is intimate with tellurides, and knows how to treat them, and his advent may be attended by the inauguration of a cheaper method of extracting the gold from this very refractory metaloid. The committee of management of the Recreation Reserve have had in their minds for some considerable time pa6t the layingdown of a first-class bicycle track, and on Sundav last the members of the committee visited the ground, and spent some time in examining the plan of the track, which has been prepared after a good deal of trouble by ,Mr King. The committee have been promised the assistance of Mr Crowther, the municipal engineer, who will give an estimate of the cost, and the track will be laid out on the most improved lines. The committee had such a legacy of debts left them by the trustees, amounting to upwards of £250, that they are only jast able to Bee daylight, having paid off all the arrears. The twenty-round boxing contest between Fred Judd and Harry Flynn took place last night at the Athletic Club, when there was a good attendance of sports present, including Inspector Lodge and a number of Perth visitors. The contest proved to be the best of its kind ever held in Coolgardie, and was very willing from the jump. Judd forced matters throughout, but towards the end of - the fourth round he received a right-hand cross-counter on the point, which terminated the battie, and the referee, Mr B. B. Pell, then awarded the contest to Flynn. A full report of the bout it given in another column. Prior to hie departure for England Sir John Forrest was interviewed by - the Perth representative of the " British Australasian" and some interesting matter which appears on page 3 of this issue, extracted from him. He says the suggestions of the goldfields members will carry weight with the Government ; promises to provide public batteries wherever sufficient. inducement offers, and will offer no excuse to Parliament for fostering the goldfields in every possible way. It is impossible, he says, for this colony to be great or do any great works unless we have a population, and the goldfields,. above all other industries in the colony, have not only attracted and are attracting the population, but also in due course will be the means of developing every other industry, including that great and lasting) industiy, the settlement and occupation of tbe lands of the colony. Sir John denies that the Government intends to abandon the goldfields water supply scheme. " Above all, the goldfields parly must be an independent one."—Mr 0. Gregory. Mr Donald Morrison, a well-known auctioneer of Kerang, Victoria, arrived in Coolgardie yesterday. Mr Morrison intends to settle on the fields, and will probably make his headquarters in Coolgardie. The Banvards intend staging "Fun on the Bristol" in a few. weeks, after which they promise us the Leslie Brothers, who scored such a success when they came here with Bickards' Company. A teamster brought the news into Kalgoorlie yesterday that he saw 72oz of gold, which had been obtained in a gully about twenty miles out. Upon making enquiries our correspondent ascertained that the men obtaining the gold spoken of are working near Ballagundi, and several men have already left here for the scene. Amongst the passengers by the B.M.S Austral, which arrived at Albany on Mon day,-were Mr E. Skewes, the newly appointed manager of Boulder Main Reef, an interview with whom appears in another column ; Mr Kay, representing a London company with holdings at Kurnalpi; and Mr Leslie Norman, Scottish Westralia, Limited. These gentlemen will arrive on the fields within a few days. t m The entertainment advertised for Friday at the Mechanics' Institnte'wili be in aid of the Goldfields Convalescent Home, the erection of which, it is hoped, will be commenced shortly. It will consist of acting, songs and tableaux all done by school children, and as they have been in practice for some time their presentation should be highly acceptable to the audience. !•- Alice Webber faced the Kalgoorlie Bench yesterday morning on a charge of using obscene language. The language used was of the basest character, and the fair damsel was ordered to pay £2, and 10s cost of cab hire. \- Numbers of unemployed have left Kalgoorlie this week for the rush near Kurnalpi, and carriers are in great demand to convey the utensils and swags belonging to the men who are tramping there. The reports arriving here daily are not of a very encouraging nature, but they appear to be taken cum grano salig, and the men intend having a look for themselves. Mr John Sullivan declares he was rescued, together with three other men, by Mr Pearce. The Fire Brigade, with much emphasis, declare .he wasn't, adding doubtless the proviso, " If he was, he shouldn't have been," which sets their minds at rest. After all, the party concerned, very much concerned in thiB instance, should know best. He says he was saved, and unless the Fire Brigade are going to assert that he was not saved, but that he perished in : the flames, and only his ghost penned the letter which appeared yesterday, it is hard to see how they can get out of the difficulty. The Finance Committee of the Exhibition Commission have adopted the sensible idea of inviting the resident representatives of foreign and intercolonial capital to meet them at the Council Chambers this evening at 8 o'clock, the object being to frame joint repre- sentation to their companies to secure substantial financial support to the project. Mr Morgans, M.P., and the secretary, Mr G. Williams, have personally interviewed as many of the gentlemen referred to as time permitted since the meeting was arranged, and any who may not have been waited upon are earnestly urged to attend to-night, and to excuse what, under the circumstances, will only have been an unavoidable omission zather than an intentional neglect. Western Australians in London, and Perth people in particular, are (says an English paper) pleased to hear that all the prelimi- ' naries in connection with Mr George Leake's metropolitan tramway scheme have now been finally settled, and that the work of construction is to be undertaken immediately after the surveys have been concluded. Mr H.J. Saunders, M.L.C., has signed and sealed the contract on behalf of the Perth Council, and the syndicate with which Mr Leaks is connected has deposited - the sum of £5,000 with the town clerk as a guarantee that the work shall be carried out to the satisfaction of the municipality within a period of eighteen months. It is anticipated that Perth will be able, to boast of a network of tramways, the conveniences of which cannot fail, to be appreciated by the residents and visitors. , The annual meeting of the Stock Exchange of Coolgardie was held on Wednesday. A large number of members were present, and considerable interest was manifested in the elections for the different offices. The chairman (Mr G. H. Cooke) was reelected without opposition, and Mr B. B. Pell was re-elected vice-chairman. Nine candidates were nominated for the committee, the chosen five being. Messrs Maxwell, Barclay, Gregory, Vance, and Wedderburn. The retiring auditors, Messrs Cumbrae-Stewarfc and Housten, were re-elected. Subsequently the members were entertained at Sommer's Victoria Hotel by the chairman and vice-chairman, and "Success to the Stock Exchange of Coolgardie" was proposed and drank with considerable enthusiasm. The healths of the officers were honored, arid the chairman, in replying, expressed the hope that before long the Exchange would once again have its own buildings. At the invitation of Mr Pell the members are to enjoy a drive and picnic oh Saturday week, when a cricket match or some other relaxation from " bulling and bearing " will be arranged. A change of programme produced a good house for the Banvards last night, despite the inclemency of ike weather. The picnic scene opened the proceedings, during which Messrs Hodge, Williams, and Cowan and Misses Cleveland, Smith, and Marshall contributed songs, which elicited many fervent expressions of appreciation from the satisfied audience, Mr Williams' negro songs and the* semi-sentimfental ditties of Miss Smith evolving most admiration. Th«* Banvards were well to the fore, and their acrobatic rocalism excited considerable interest-.and applause. TheJinaZe was of a novel character and consisted principally of gymnastics, helped out by fireworks and gunpowder, which made more noise to the square inch than a Salvation Army band. The after part of the programme was well sustained by the members of the company, the vocal efforts of the Misses Cleveland, Marshall, and Smith being attractive, while the comic element was well supplied; by Messrs Williams and Cowan. The trapeze and acrobatic business of the Banvards was also performed with .their usual grace and agility. The shadow pantomime; which. terminated the proceedings, was sustained with the fame old vigor which has characterised its previous productions, and -had the effect of sending everyone home satisfied with the way they had invested their money/ Japan is learning the tricks of the great nations. Becently, as appeared by our cables, there was a little difficulty owing to the Bepnblic of Hawaii having returned about 1,500 Japanese immigrants. The- Hawaiian Government- contended: that the landing of the immigrants was in contravention of the treaty obligations by which the State provided not to Interfere with labor. The Japanese Government alleged that the immigrantswere students, and senta commission and a'man-of-war, the commission being supposed , to inquire the reason why the immigrants; were returned. Unfortunately, 'before the commission iand the man-of-war •could get to work, the United States annexed the islands and changed the venue. But the quite English trick of sending a man-of-war shows that the little country is coming on. Mr Chas. Fielding called in at this office Vesterday and paid in £1 6s towards the fonds of St. John of God Hospital. It waa acknowledged by a member of the committee and paid to the secretary of the hospital. 