THE FEDERAL COUNCIL OF AUSTRALASIA. SEVENTH SESSION. OPENING PROCEEDINGS. Viscount Gormanston, Knight Commander of the Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George, Govorner and Com- mander-ln-Chief in and over the Colony of Tasmania and its Dependencies, in pursuance of the said Act, and by virtue of the powers thereby conferred on me, do, by this my Pro- clamation, summon the Federal Council of Australasia, as constituted by the said Act, to meet at the Parliament- buildings, in Hobart, in Tasmania aforesaid, on Tuesday, the twenty sixth day of January, in the yeur of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and ninety- seven, at the hour of eleven in the forenoon, for the despatch of business. Given under my hand at Hobart, in Tasmania aforesaid, this thirteenth day of Novem- ber, One thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, Gormanston, Governor. By His Excellency's Command, E. N. C. BRADDON, Premier. COMMISSIONS AND OATHS. The new members (Sir John McIntyre and Messrs, Dickson and Morehead) pre- sented their commissions under the hands of the Governors of their respective colonies, with the records of the oaths taken by them in accordance with section 14 of the Act 48 and 42 Vic, cap. 60. The members of the Council present then signed the roll in the order of their respective colonies, ELECTION OF PRESIDENT. Sir EDWARD BRADDON : Hon. mem- bers of the Federal Council, - It now behoves us to appoint a president to preside over our affairs during this session of the Council, and it is an honour and a pleasure to me to propose a member who has claims not only from parsonnl merit and distinc- tion, but also from the fact that he represents a colony which has adhered to the Council ever since it initiation -a colony which is one of the few that have adhered to the Council, but which has not given to us a president, and that is the colony of Western Australia. Both by reason of the fact that it is the turn of Western Australia to be represented here in the chair and because of the dis- tinguished claims of Sir John Forrest, I move,—"That the Hon. Sir John Forrest do take the chair of the Council as its President. Once more the Federal Council of Aus- tralasia has gathered together in the city of Hobart, quietly as usual, without beat of drum, all such ornamentation being left for the second meeting, when the vice-regal stamp is given to the conclave. Singularly enough the day of the Anniversary Regatta of the colony was once more chosen for the opening of the Council. Of this there is reason to complain, not because it has been overlooked by the statesmen who come to us from outside, but because those entrustad with the conduct of local affairs are so forget- ful as to allow the clashing. Of course on Regatta Day nobody in Hobart, with a proper Tasmanian education, thinks of any- thing but the Regatta. Not even a Federal Council, come once more to honour the often un-honoured colony, can at- tract a properly constituted Tasmanian born citizen from riverside pursuits, on the day when the anniversary of the colony is celebrated by a proceeding so thoroughly in harmony with its rise and pro- gress. " Riverside men, riverside manners," is a slight alteration of a well- known phrase which applies emphatically in its change of dress to the capital city of Tasmania and its inhabitants, and so when yesterday the Federal councillors once more assembled in the Parliament buildings on the New Wharf all the population had wended its way to the Queen's Domain, and even the few holiday folk who could be espied within the pre- cincts of O'May's Wharf were quite unable to draw their eyes away from the Derwent to look at such trivialities as the assemblage of a Federal Parliament. Nor within the build- ing were the proceedings much more lively. Everyone had a semi air of hardship borne with virtuous resignation, and as such as- sumptions of virtue are apt to make ordi- narily pleasant people the reverse of agree- able there seemed to be an impression current that the sooner things were got over in such circmnnlances the safer and better if would be for all concerned. And so half-an-hour sufficed for the few preliminaries that had to be gone through, although Mr. Henry Dobson seemed to have a grievance at this early stage which weighed heavily on his mind. From member to rnember he flitted, bearing a weighty volume of the Statutes which Freeney had brought him open in his bands, but his blandishments were useless. Either his point was a bad one, or those he interviewed were also anxious to be off to some aquatic picnic or other. They read as he wished, and smiled certainly, but then they shrugged their shoulders more or less glumly and looked away with polite indifference. So the dynamite, whatever it was, did not go off for want of a little patting, and all was over very quickly. The Assembly chamber, which has once more been chosen for the gathering, holds the members very comfortably. Mem- bers, as befofe, arranged themsulves pretty well by colonies. The Tasmanian Cabinet, or the three-fifths of it represented in the Council, occupy their usual places. Opposite them sit the Victorians, with Sir George Turner in what, as he took it, he called "his old seat," that of Leader of Her Majesty's Opposition. The Queenslanders sat to the right of the Tasmamans, and the West Australians behind them, while on the Opposition cross bench Sir Henry Wrixon and Messrs. Dobson and Douglas constituted themselves into a sort of corner party, accidentally perhaps, but still there was the fact, patent to all observers. New members having presented their credentials, and the roll signed by all present, Sir John Forrest was chosen President for the session, a com- pliment not only to his own personal worth but to him as the representative of a colony that has never wavered in its support of the Council nor absented itself from it ; and Sir John fills the chair well, and looks as if anyone who disputes his ruling will be likely to rue it. Then, after a few notices had been given, the adjournment was agreed to, and, like schoolboys of a larger growth, members fluttered away to what- ever fun the day had in store for them. And the few officials and spec- tators followed : suit and few they were, except in the reporters' gallery, where a whole army of scribes have come together from all parts of the compass to do justice to the federal eloquence, if there is any. The officers are those as of old. Mr. Nowell is clerk still, and Mr. Reid assistant, the latter not deserting his federal post because of his recent rise in local parliamentary rank. Mr. Harry Packer is appointed usher, and much curiosity was expressed to see if he would wear military costume and a sword, or a plain suit of magpie orthodoxy. Spectators were, however, in this respect subject to dis- appointment. They saw neithor, because the motice given to Mr. Packer had been too short, and he was not in evidence at all in any costume. The usher's chair was, how- ever, occupied editorially by the member for Ringarooma, who looked decidedly fatigued with the result of the general election, while near him were some mainland private offi- cials - Mr. Topp from Victoria, Mr. Leeper from Queensland, Mr. Dutton from Queens- land, and the Tasmanian parliamentary draftsman, Mr. Wise. Later on Mr. Chief Secretary Moore popped in, and then Mr. Nicholas Brown, to play Banquo's ghost to the Premier's Macbeth. The only press visitors present were Mr. " Reuter" Parker and a representative of the Melbourne Herald. Half-an-hour saw everything done, and the proceedings adjourned until noon next day. BUSINESS OF SESSION. Tuesday, January 20, 1807. The seventh session of the Federal Council of Australasia opened at 11 o'clock in the morning in the House of Assembly, Parlia- ment Buildings. There were present : Victoria - Sir Geo. Turner, M.L.A. (Premior), Hon. H. Cuthbert, M.L.C. (Solicitor-General), Sir John McIntyre, M.L.A., and Sir Henry Wrixon, M.L.C. Queensland - Sir Hugh Nelson, M.L.A, (Premier), Hon. T. J. Byrnes, M.L A. (Attorney-General), Hon. A. H. Barlow, M.L.C., Hon. B. D. Morehead, M.L.C., Hon. J. R. Dickson. M.L.C. Tasmania-Sir Edward Braddon, M.H.A. (Premier), Sir Philip Fysh, M.H.A. (Treasurer), Hon. Adye Douglas (President Legislative Council), Hon. A I. Clark, M.H.A. (Attorney-General), Hon. Henry Dobson, M.H.A. West Australia-Sir John Forrest, M.L.A. (Premier), Sir James Lee Steere (President Legislative Council), Mr. H. B. Lefroy, M.L.A. The Hon. A. Deakin (Victoria), and the Hons. E. H. Wittenoom and J. W. Hackott (West Australia) were not present. PROCLAMATION, The Clerk (Mr. E. C. Newell) read the following proclamation by His Excellency the Governor of Tasmania. THE FEDERAL COUNCIL of AUSTRALASIA ACT, 1885. A PROCLAMATION. Whereas by the Act of the Imperial Parlia- ment of the 48 and 49 Vic, Ch. 60, intituled "An Act to constitute a Federal Council of Aus- tralasia," it is enacted that the sessions of the Federal Council, subsequent to the first session thereof, shall be held in such colony as the Council shall from time to time determine ; and further, that the Council shall be summoned and prorogued by the Governor of the colony in which the session shall be held, and shall be so summoned and prorogued by proclamation published in the Government Gazette of each at the colonies in the said Act referred to in respect to which the said Act is in operation, and shall meet at such time and such place as shall be named in the proclamation : And whereas, in the sixth session of the Federal Council, held at Hobart, in the colony of Tasmania, during the months of January and February, in the fifty-eighth year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, and in the year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and ninety-five, it was, on the first day of the said month of February, determined by the said Council that the next Session thereof should be held at Hobart, in the Colony of Tasmania : Now therefore I, the Right Honorable JENICO WILLIAM JOSEPH, Viscount GORMANSTON, Knight Commander of the Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint Goerge, Governor and Commander- in-Chief in and over the Colony of Tasmania and its dependencies, in pursuance of the said Act, and by virtue of the powers thereby conferred on me, do, by this my proclamation, summon the Federal Council of Australasia, as constituted by the said Act, to meet at the Parliament buildings, in Hobart etc etc Sir GEORGE TURNER: Hon. members of the Federal Council,-I have sincere pleasure, indeed, in seconding the proposition made by one of the representatives of Tas- mania. Our friend the Hon. Sir John Forrest has been present at many of these gatherings, and while we shall miss his force of argument on the floor I feel perfectly cer- tain that we shall have in the chair an able ruler over us during our deliberations. Hon. Members : Hear, hear, Sir JOHN FORREST : Hon. gentlomen I have to express to you my deep sense of the honour you propose to confer upon me, and I beg to submit myself to the Council. No other member being proposed the President was conducted to the chair by the mover and seconder. The PRESIDENT: Hon. gentlemen, - I have to thank you most heartily for the honourable position in which you have placed me, and I can only assure you that it will be my utmost endeavour to do my best so to preside over your deliberations as to give satisfaction, not only to you but also to the whole country. APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS. The following officers to the Council were appointed : - Clerk, Mr. Edwin Cradock Newell ; Clerk-Assistant, Mr. John Kidston Reid; Usher in Attendance, Mr. Harry Effingham Packer. RECEPTION OF THE PRESIDENT. Sir EDWARD BRADDON : I have to intimate to hon. members that His Ex- cellency the Govorner will receive the President to-morrow at the Executive Council Chamber at 11.45 a.m. RETURN OF EXPENSES. Sir EDWARD BRADDON : I have to present a memorandum showing the expendi- ture of the Federal Council of Australasia for 1895. REFERRING BILL. Sir GEORGE TURNER : I have to pre- sent an Act of Parliament of Victoria to refer certain matters to the Federal Council of Australasia for the exercise of legis- lative authority thereon. Sir EDWARD BUADDON: I move, - " That the paper's be printed." Motion put and passed. SPECIAL ADJOURNMENT. Sir EDWARD BRADDON : I move, " That this Council, at its rising, do adjourn until 12 o'clock to-morrow." Motion put and passed. ADJOURNMENT. Sir EDWARD BRADDON.- I move, " That the Council do now adjourn." Motion put and passed. The Council adjourned at 11.28 a.m, until noon next day. 