Federation- Cosvextion-.— The thirteoath sitting of the Convention on Wcdcesday, April 7, occupied thirteen minut«3. When Ehe Clerk, Mr. E. G. Blackmorc, in loud voice uujuuu=vu-» sapernmty, &y-tne-way;, con iidering that Mr. Kingston's pres--»ce is a listingufshing feature of the gathering— 'The j President is in the Chair,' there were present :orty out of fifty delegates. Mr. Hackett ?eturned yesterday to Perth. Furniture oomed large in the Chamber. One lady rraced the gallery devoted to the new voters : lalf a dozen 'ghosts of Coroners' Juries1' scared from above tha clock; four visitors laved the President's Gallery from an appear ance o£ emptiness ; th» legislators^ chairs on :he floor of tho House vrere deserted : md the Press Gallery wore a languid ook. Mr. Barton and Mr. Solomon presented petitions, one for and one against the recognition of religion by the UommomTealth. Then Sir John Forress gave lotica of mo:ioa for leave of abser.ee to Mr. Sackect ou account of urgent private business md for the Commirtec of tbs V/hole en t'i;e ZJotnmonwealth L-;11 to give preference to the roasideratiou of the States right portion oi the neasure. Upon tha latter point Mr. Lyne nade ?. tolvt voic comment which had a suspicion of sarcasm. It was refreshing to lear the Clerk c.-.U on 'Business of the day,'' ^?aica comprised a :aot:cii by 3Ir. Grant, the raarnaniau railway authority, requesting the utercoloaiil railway exp9rts ia Adelaide to :onsider the question of a uniform gauge, aud, le added, report as to the procedure necessary :o facilitate tho object. Sir George Turner sbjecied to the assumption of authority ruplied in the motion ts amended. Mr. Reid, vith bonkomit, advised Mr. Grant to with iraw the motion, assuring him that the jovernments would take ap the question. The xiat of unifying the trunkline gauges from Brisbane to Adelaide would be £2,000,000, and ;he annual cost, £o0,CM-. divided amongst tho »lonies concerned. Mr. Grant accepted the insurance, and asked leave to withdraw the notion, -which was gristed after Mr. Treu arith had securetl from the President a ruling :o the effect that the motion came within the scope o: the Convention. At 10.13. on the notion of -Ir. Holder, the Convention ad ouraed for tha day. The CoraTnxTioxAL, Committek. — The 3on3titut:ocal Cosunittee of tha Federal Con .?enrion will no doubt conipleto its labours of roinjr through tha Commonwealth Bill to-day, md then the Drafting: Committee will get to rork and prepare a Bill embodying the resolu ;ions of the Constitutional, Judiciary, and Finance and Trade Select Committees. This irafe Bill will not be presented to the Con tention until Monday at tha earliest. Sitting Morning, afternoon, and late at night, the 3on?titutior.al Committee — whose members, ay-the-way, outnumber ths South Australian Legislative Council, in whose Chamber the neetings are held — has succeeded in cover ng nearly all the Commonwealth Bill, vith which it determined to deal. Dn 'Wednesday the Committee dealt with minerous postponed clauses in various parts -f the Bill, and completed nearly all the ihapters. Clause ~-3 was amended so that the Jueen must exercise within a year, instead of wo years, her power of disil'o-vrancc of a law issented to by the Governor- General. Mo3t )f the cia-i^ea relating to the Executive jrovomment were passed. The Drafting IJomraittea was recom mended to amend clause I of this part of the Bill so Hi to pre\\-enE any Mmister frotn remaining in office for t, long :ime without a seat in Pailiameut. The mm of £15,000 i* fixed in the Bill xs :hs annual saiai-y of the Ministers of itate fcr the Coraaiomveahh, but the Committee cousiderh that £12,000 is sufficient. Fho -jepartrae::ts of winch the Ksecutive Go vernment should assume itutacditte control ire s~t o'jt in cisuse 10. They are Customs i:id EscLi.1, post;.- and telegraphs, military and laval defence, ucsau heacous and buoys, ocean ighthoun'w and lightahips. and quarantine. Uh'i CoinmiitL-i: ai,Ts«.'d to this provision 'ubjeot to alteration, in tbo event of the Finance iJoniuiittes sending oa certain recom Eeadatjoai. Claute od, relating Jo an increase )E the li'iuiber of nieiabtrs in the House of Repre.^jntitiveij, has still to be'dealt with, aud :he Committee may reconsider somo other :iausa, us well as Chapter VIII. referring to hjmodecf amending ihe Constitution. In io fRr as the finance, trade, and judicature jorti&r.s; of tho measure are concerned the iraft Bill will be based upon tho reports of ;he Finance and Judiciary Committees. The Federal Cahtai- — At the meeting of ;he Finance Committee of the Federal Con .?eution on Wednesday the Premier ot' New south Wales, Hon. G. H. Reid, said he did lot wish Sydney to be mado the Federal :ai)ital. His re;ison wa.s that tho Federal city liquid have to We e::cisod from the colony and -iv«ate-l Fcieral territory, and theresult of that, a the c-iise of Sydney, would ba tiiat nearly ;;^lt t'.o population oi 2s(j-.v South ^'ales ivould Ivb disoufrani'hi.'ied. At the same time be strongly supported the suggestion that the Fedsral capital should be in some part of the mother colony. The Feijkk/.l SuBrr.i.-j Revencb. — As far is c^n be gathered ftum trustworthy sources, Lhe scii'-'mo favoured by a majority of the Fiuanw Committee of the Federal Conven tion tor dealing with tho surplus revenue if t!ie Cammonwaaltii is as io!lo«'s : — For uvo yeaij a:'c-r federation the jnlon:?-1. =:iou!i-l continue to tolleoc th-: Cu?to!ii5 ivven if oil the ba~is ?-! axistitig tariffs, auJ«j£oatritiute towards tlic axpanses of t!ic i-'titlera! Goverjimeni on tlie bxsis of population; that alter two %v:v7S h?. ulapiL-d a uuirorm tariu ihoaid t-e brought into oi*rutio:i, but :hr.; a further puricd of live years Miould elajR-.r- Ijefora the surplus revenue of t::o Fcsdural (vovertimon* ia di'tri buted:inio!isrsttr!i;colonic.-onapv:)pulatio!i';a:i.--;. The whole ditiiualty at present a?eui9 to be whether the O invention siiould ilocu'ti what is lo be -ione with th-- surplus ourinjj tho iiv«? years' iutervaJ, or whatLur t'.iu vjitlement of the riue~tit,u shiuiti bo left vo tlic Federal ' fariianient. The Premijr of »?;? ^mitii Wales nnpears ro favaiir t!to latu r course, but iiio iur.;ority of Uie Victorinn aud T;w.naaiasi rapr^entativos strongly oljcct rj the matter bving loft in any such uncertainty. They cav that bofort- their coloims cjtist.-;:'. to enter the Fi-'ler-itio;; th-.-v triust, know exactly wriat is to fceconii? of thjir C^stouis revenue, upoa which iliey f-\y s:- v.;ry largely tor tha }iay:uent oi in*«rof i o:i their p:iiji;c de'n;^. They ljo::it out that New South Wale« stands ;:i an entirely 'litli-re:it po«tio:s. becxu:- .? that colony has land revonao amounli-g t.i a';s;it two :uithons :i year, r.-s well a? heavy land and income tasf«. The U-jn. G. H. Reid has tui: ceed-'l ia defeutiog tuo proposal that th-.* tiunii:? levcnuf* .should be appiictl to the pav men; oi inrerc^t on rhs consolidated (iebti. A propcK.il Ijv ^:r ti.-'orgo Turner, Pren-ier of Vjctona. to z .3-rai!ar fift- rr in a ii-.cditt-d form was n*-;.'.tived r.y r, stuall tiia-'cr.ty in the Fisan-m Coimnicteo on Wr-dntsday morning-. This quwtwn h.\s not yvt beeu anally dijpoacd of by the Committee, ^nd in :iii probability it will h-ive to bo foug-ht o:u ;n Cjaimittee i-i the Cc-nvenrion. Tiih Pskth Y.M.C.A.— Mr. J. -T. Virgo, Spcrerary of the Auciai'ie Y. M.C.A., has re ceive-1 » tr»!t*gr^r.i miIju^ tbat tLo Board of th'- Part?; Y. M C .V. hav»» unanimously s;-- po:nt*rl Mr. ''.jtie.-f lMvi-s perniancntiy to tho ^(.TPtary.-hiji oi that A?iociatiou. Mr. fJavic- --v^i -J;;n«.:e'i vith :i:e Adel.ii-.it? A!'.-oc:atiL'U for ovt:r m«. year?, duns;; which time he wu .in .acti'.-e worktr. It was ?a-ith contiilcnce tbat Mr. Virgo recommended hint for thf Perth .Secretaryship. 