A ; MODERN 'PYTiaiAS. 'a' group of tennis players wore lounging under tho locust ticcs'inthi) campus of a college. Tliqy'hod.just finished tbe fifteenth. 'Mart game of. the season,' for although . November: was near; the weather, remained liko sunimor. ,,'; It was little Tod' MoNutt who found his; breath first,' and broko the silence— . ^'Havo you got acquainted with the new soph yet— Fred Hersen p Scoms to ho a genial sort.' ''? '' ' ''?' /::;' -''I- ?? '? '??? ' '' ' Genial I ' echoed bis nearest : neighbour, Clifford Doone, in a tone of infinite disgust 'What old-fashioned ..words you use,: Mac!. Phrase' him- in tbe modem languages, can't y™?,'- '','.. ..? ', '? - , . ? ;'W by,, I mean ho, isn't stipkish. He gets acquainted easily,' doesn't seem a bit ' homesick or forlorn, ns thb'n'ow ' fellows mostly are, and takes his examination like so much fun.' ' ' ;' You don't say I 'ejaculated Lex Small; tho champion athlete of tho school, who spent so' much time and energyon gymnastics that little was, loft for mathematics r ) ,;, 'So,' reasserted McNutt. 'Guess I'll get introduced. He might help mo out in trig,' said Lot, thoughtfully. The hoys all laughed at thin characteristic remnrk, and fairly shouted when Su'irle'y Deane, the ' pet lamb of tbe flock,' as be was called, showed ' his 'colours by hoping' that the girls would not go crazy over him.' ..,, , 'They will, I know,-' spoke up Clifford, 'For I saw Flo Barnard talking with him in the library, ana. the girls, »U follow her lead/' ;Thwe was a chorus 'of groans at this, fir these four young, men wero tho admiration of the girl students, which secret . was Ioug since d.iacovere'd, and often discussed at their private meetings. ' In union there in strength— my only axiom, gentlemen,' proclaimed Lex. 'Afellowhas no business coming into this collcgo.tivo months late. Inking tbe front seat in our clnut-ronms and - in our best girls' hearts. I propose we unite iu downing this new and objectionable person, every time, everywhere, and hv every possible Way !' 'Agreed!' they 'shouted, McNutt adding, ' Let's begin right off ! I'll get introduced in order to flud tbe: weak points in his armour. Lex, go and look up his place in the'clasi books. Cliff, prepare to outshine him in. -recitation to morrow, and Shirley look after the soundness of the girls' hearts.' ? So, laughingly, they shouldered their rackets and' sauntered into the house. '. . ?' Thus endeth tbe fifteenth last game !' exclaimed Lex. ' One would think wo were practising for the stage, with our numerous farewell engagements. Suppose, for a change, we turn to our work as investigating committee, and hear the report of members, Mnc, first.' Raising himself ' upon one cibow McNutt began-^' ' ' '. ' ' , ' I got acquainted with the new man and found ho was from New York; ' He didn't say whether it was the State or City ; in tact, ho bo's the knack of making a body talk, so I camo away feeliog that he know more about mo than I did of him, and— that's all.' '..'., ' H« didn't have 'a very good lesson this morning,' put in Shirley, ' and he seemed green to me— staring at every one who got up to recite.' ' ?. i . ? : ? . : 'Oh, new ones all do !' objected McNott.. , 'Onu thing I. know,' asserted ? Lex, calmly prpceeiliiiB amid tbe shouts of ' Hear, hear !' 'Flo lias introduced him to half. of the girls already, anil I intend giving her my opinion of such forward, unladylike coronet.' 'He husn't shown preference for any, so far,' Baid McNutt,' thoughtfully scraping the seeds from the grasses around' him, ' but it buata me what a fancy ho has for that stupid Jack Stokes. This is Stokes' second term, you know, and he hnju't half a dozen friends to uis name ; yet he and H arson were walking iu the campus this moruing.like eld cronies.' ' Oh,' yawund Clifford, 'we' are gossiping as they do at a ladies' tea party. Let's have another gamo by way of practice.' ; ' While these conversations wero being held on the lawn, tho much-discussed student, Fred Hursen, was f«jt being initiated into the life of the college. All that the quartette of. envious fellows, bad said of him wis true, which is more than can be asserted of most gossip. Never had the college walls held a student so popular iu so short a space of time. The girls raved over hi« manliness and good looks, while bis ability and joviality won tho more reluctant respect and good : will of tho boys. .,;,.. . . All were amazed, however, that he should form so urdent a friendship with Jack Stokes, a student far from popular among them, fiy-and byottey wero rooming together, and their den became headquarters for all the fun going. Here it was that the the boys' congregated to plan their: first sleigh-rido ; chose sides for a golf match; elected their ghost, to attend tho girlu' tea part; ; hold impromptu debates, and wrote essays for one unother. Even Stokes beeame ?' illumined with a reflected popularity,' as Lex'grumpily called it, and was invitod1 everywhere his comrndo was. By times he was the life of the company ; but it was a fitful gleam, and he invariably relapsed into a morbid gloom, : ' . . . .Weeks passed making little change in the social affairs of the College; one night, however, a strange procession wound ita way through tho grounds, aud only tho crunching of ice-covered snow ' broke the stillness. The boll boy shrieked with terror when he opened thn door to receive a group of men bearing two uuconscious bodies. , - They hud gone out; a lively crew,: in a four-UGrso sleigh ; but through fright or reckless driving the horses had curried them over an embank ment, with this awful result. Many were cut and bruised, while Clifford Doone had a leg broken, and Jaek Stokes was internally injured. Soon thnro was hurrying to-and-fro, and the excitement was for days iutense. Clifford's condition tvas painful, but his recovery was only a question of time ; Jack's life, however, swung in the balance for many days. During that timp Fred scarcely left his side, declaring that he coud do as well us uny trained nurBe.anil that bo would give up his place in class rather than desert his friend. The doctor and professor looked at one another iu surprise, oue of them whisperiug, ' A veritable Damon and'Pythias cast,' He had bis own way, as usual, night after night banishing tho kind-hearted ones who offered to relievo them. . After a day of unusual . suffering and the constant attendance of the doctor, when Fred was left alone with the sick man, .tack turned a white face towards him aud saill wistfully— ' Tb'o doctdr has given mo up, have yon ?' : ''No, '.indeed'!'' was the quiok answer. 'Still, I would, prepare for the worst, Jack. Toll me unythiug that burdens your minds.' 'I understand— and I'm not ready to dio, either, for. I haven't lived; right, and tho inno cent might suffer because of me. Can you keep a secret? Draw up closer and I will tell you He talked long' and eagerly in whispers, until Fred saw Kis strength wus ' exhausted and his story ni arly done, so he' said m a trembling voice — ' '' -'- ? . ? i ? - ? ?'?'.??'. ' That will ,do. Take.this and go to sleep.' And when.tho: medicine had done its work, this 'Pythias 'quickly crossed the room, opened a trunk that was not his, carefully laid its contcuts on the floor, and' finally raised a neatly mude falso bottom. Ah, thu vebwcqall friendship I What a frail tiling it is I ; ' Jack did not die. '? As soon as the doctors would permit tho boys mot iu 91 for ? a jubilee, carrying Clifford In that they might havo their '! heroes ' together. It was n rare occasion, and they were' all iu h'gh glee. 6ut when Fred and Lex reached iheir.Own room the former hoisted himself upon the.study tablo and exclaimed — , ; '? It beats niu !, When Jack w^s thought about to dio- Fred was dovotion devoted, and upon my honour, bntweon^.you anil mb and this table, now tnat he's gutting well 'the fellow acts Rorry.' ' ' If You're right, Mac,' was the answer. : 'I never saw 'ftucn an '. expression on a mortal's face. Ho couldn't havo looked unhippicr if he were to be. hung, ? and you'd have expected him to be the. jollifst one of thn crowd. Oh, well, Harscn's a puzzle wo might as well give uu first as (ast, and I'm too sleepy to talk, anyway ; .so got donn, and don't venture another word to n|Rh,V! , . ? Boon' ho was snoring, ' a queer little childish Buore, and McNutt dropped off with a nmile on hisface.'1 ????'? ? A week afterward Stoke appeared for tbe first tirnft' in' the class-room, narsen following, and kokiog far tho paler of tho two. Tho professor entered, and was about to: begin the recitation when Fred stepped to tho desk, and laying down some papers laid audibly : — 'Will you examine these, and vouch for their correctness t '? Then, facing Stokes, ho said in a clear voh», ' George Stover, in the namo of tbo law 1 arrest you on tho charge of forgery committed three years ago in Buffalo, Now York You have concealed in, your trunk — which is now in the hands of tho authorities— four thousand three hundred dollars; besides, you have freely confessed this crime to me. As a detective ' (throwing open his coat to show the star), ' I traced you here, but' having to prove ypnr guilt 1 entered as a student and became your daily companion.. This yo.i all know, so there u nothing for me to add except perhaps a few person id wordi. Fellow students, it has been s mean part I have played, and the daily deception has been almost unendurable, still it was necessary, ob each ouo can see. When Jack was sick— especinlly after he took me into his confidence —I wished that to save himself the disgrace and the penalty— oh, I wished in my heart ho might die.?' There was a painful pause, in which no one sebmed to brc&tbo;, then he went od.* ' Had he died then no one should ever have attached the crime to him, and I would have disappeared from this college us suddenly as I appeared. The sheriff is in the hall. Wer Jack, who had risen at Fred's first words, stepped forward and said in a manly voice — 'His true.: I am guilty. Bclievu me, boys, I would rather bo serving out my sentence where I belong than here among tho innoceut. Anywhere is a prison with remone in one's heart, aud perhaps when this crime is atoned for, and 1 come to face death again, it will not be so hard. Forget me, one and all. Good bye.'' There were no more lessons learned in ccllego that day, and no laughter for a week. After discussing the matter for the four hundredth time, Shirley llenne tnrned to tho group of girls and said sharply — ' And Hursen was married, too. He told me so at the depot, and said he hoped the girls would not cry, but I hope you will, and that it will be a lessou to everyone of you ! ' 