Continental Politics. (Written Specially for the Kortherii Star.) PARIS, AT/OUST 13 TUB Radioul mauifesto, which hus just been pub lUlied, ia an electoral cry, an appeal tu the oousti tuenoios, rather than a serious party programme. The cry ia to the effect that tho. Bepublio is in danger, because tho present Ministry hus split the Republican party in twaiu, and seeks the support of Rallies and Conservatives rathor,thau that of Radi alis and Socalists. The manifesto accuses the Ministry of clerical toudouuies, and proposes to unite all Republicans iu a new campaign uguiust the Catholic Church. "Clericalism is tho enemy," say the Radicals, now an heretofore, und Republican concentration the only means of milking head against the common peril. It is, however, to be doubted whether this appeal will bo very successful, us the constituencies have evidently lost faith *iu Rudical nostrums, and the ono now ? proposed is simply a revival pf religious auimosity, without uny apparent 'object. ?" THE Panania Com mission of Inquiry hus followed theexample of the Frenoh Chambers, and has ad journed line die.The latest inquiry, like its pre decessors, hus turned out H Jiimeó, und the wisest ' oourso would now be to let tho. mutter rest, os it is too late to do any good to .the unfortunate shaie holders of the ' ill-fated company. Host of the persons concerned in this wretohed affair ure dead, and. there is no practical advantage to ba obtained by flinging mud ut their departed ghosts. After all, tho ruin of the Panama Company was accomp lished long before the famous lottery loan was sanc tioned by the French Parliament, und nothing is more certain than that, oven if M. de Lesseps und his frieuds had received the whole proceeds of the loan intaot, the Company would have contended in .vain against the physical und political obstacles in 1 its way. ? '.. « « « * 8IKIKK8 of various kinds aro in progress and in tho air on both Bides of th« world. The strikes in tbo ' capital have been unique iu their way : the strikes of tho oufé waiters against being tipped, tite Btriko, or threatened strike, of tho cabmeu, and now the threatened- strike of the omuibus mon. About three thous nd mea were oollocted iu the Salle Tivoli the other night to consider the question. The distinguishing feature of these strikes hero is au immense deal of talk and an amount of interference on the part of tho Governmental authorities, whioh would not be toloratcd by Augie- Saxon workmen. A great many resolutions were passed, but nothing ' tangible was donó. What the grounds of the mon's complaint ate do not'appear very olear. Tun poaoe negotiations ; ut Constantinople have at laut mude a decided advauoe towards settlement. Tho frontier lino between' Turkey and Greece lins been HP tl led,' and. siso the amount of the war indnm nlty to be pald^bjjrGreope. Tho only thing now to settle is tho question of ihe capitulations us regards Greek» inhabiting the 'Ottoman Empire. Turkey demands their entire abolition, and tho demand would bo reasonable enough, were it not for the strong penchant of Turkey for government by mus sacre. It is, however, obvious that some consider able alterations in the terms of the Greek onpitulations must bo mude, ns the Greek Govern ment hss, undoubtedly used them in times past for the purpose 0/ stirring up dissatisfaction within the Ottoman dominions. Greece borself is vory sparsely peopled, and if Greeks cannot live in com fort under Ottoman rule, they ought to emigrato to Greece, whioh is quite capable of supporting u muoh larger population thsu ' sha , hus at present. When Greeks voluntarily live under Turkish rule it.isevl dent they prefer it to being governed bjrGroeks. {. '.;"'". .- . « . v TUB visit of the Gorman Emperor to the Czar is nssorted to be. simply, complimentary, but in thefe days complimentary visits frequently oover political combinations. There oan be no doubt that siuee tho Frunoo-Russianalllance hus broome au accomplished fact, the German Government docs not feol ns oom-: furtiiblo »s it did in the old Biaranrokiun days. On the>ne hand it is no longer safe to assume.n pro vmiative attitude tnwarJs Franco ; and, on the ot.horj ?hand," Russian armies, spreiid »longa comparatively' open ; front irr, are nearer Berlin than is quito agree-; able to tba German Government. Prinae Bismarck' mot ' tho difflnulty in his. times.by. a.secret, troaty' with Russia, hut it is very doubtful if anything of tho kind anuid-be nttemptcd now with the slightest prnspoot of sueuess. As long us the Franco-ltussinn alliance oxists Genniny is in 11 certain sense check mated, and, moreover, she is nware of the fact. ? . ' f -*. * .* * RADI IM BAUFFT, JJipigitrjan Bremipr, Ijn* hud ulong interview with' tho Kmparor. brand's Jnsnph. ut. wliiuli it was » (Treed that tho Emperor should exer cise hi» prerogative with regard * tn. rho'Austro Hungiuiiin " Ausgleich," or convention, which should bo pr.nlnnired for ono year by Iiiipnriul decree. In this wav II thorny subjoet is withdrawn from tho oonsiJorHtlou of the Austrian Itolahsrnlh, mid further di-wuiMlni on tho suhjnat is postponed. At. another interview which took place botwcoh tho Koipcfor and Count Budpui, tho Austrian Premier, it,WHS .resolved to trangfor from tho Rcichsruth to .the líohémliin IJíet the question of ' a "fçcwfyj vjveiiii between ,]the ' Otseoh ona Gurman populations of Boliemiit. Both the Emporof and hts Minister ngrepd lim), as the question wu« purely'a local "one ei'iii'ortilnyr Bohemia'ttloiid, i,t'whs host lo withdraw 'it from .the Austrian Rdohsrath. Tho Rolohsrath is thus ¡being tamed by doprlyiug it of politiuul fodder, 