[?] CHAPTER XXXIII.- (Continued.') Then she told Mr, Sharp of the real import of her visit, and he looked at her doubtfully. ' Of course your brother's money ib in the firm. It does not concern us who advanced it, and wo cannot utc bis mother and sister in difficulties with out endeavouring to do something for them. No reference ut all need be made to Mr. Trim. Now, my dear girl, if you tike the ndvico of an old man yrho has tried more than once to put inexperienced females into a remunerative business— and failed I —if you t.i.ke my advice you will abandon tho idea altogether, acd be content t? let your mamma re calve from us a -weekly allowance until things brighten up a bit. It will be far cheaper in the and, and bu('g from the sting o£ defeat. There are thousands on the look out for paying-businesses, against whom you would not have the ghost 'erV ?chanco.' ' Mamma would not agree to that — she will be bo disappointed,' Ella murmured. 'You have no practical knowledge of millinery and dressmaking, and I do not think that you would. like to sell tobacco and cigars,' he smiled. ' Eeally, Miss Colston, there is no need for it, and if I judfjG your manner Tightly, I do not think that it will be very difficult to persuade her that your brother's money is hers by right.' 'YeB,' Ella assented, doubtfully. ' And I will undertake to satisfy her scruples, if .you like. I will send a oheque for three pounds weekly, which is really a small amount, considering that we hold three thousand pounds of your brother's money. Just a .matter of fire per cent, on the capital, you Bee.' ', I would not accept it only for tny mother's Bake,' the girl told him. ' It Booms so much like charity, but mamma misses her littla luxuries bo ntuob, and we have very little money left.' Mr. Sharp sat down und wrote out a cheque for three pounds, saying : 'I think that you had bettor take tho first pay wnub with you, Mies Coleton. It will savo u peony postage stamp, No receipt is neoossory, and Mr. Trim need know nothing of the transaction at prosant. The chequo is a draft on tny private ac count.' Ella folded the slip of pupor and carefully placed it in her purse. ' I don't wish to raise false hopes, my dour young lady/' Mr. Sharp said, when nhe wae preparing to leave, ' but I firmly believe that yonr good name ?will not only bo restored, but your fathor will be regarded in the light of a martyr, when the gold nine yields its wealth. He was unsuccessful — therefore u fool. and a scoundrel. The turn of for tune i will make a auint of him. It .is a groat pity that he did not ttind by his guns, but the future may bo full of bui prises.' Ella who much, moro cheerful after her interview with Mr. Sharp. What did ho mean by tho future ?being full of BUrpriees P Wan there some hidden oigniuoanoo in theBO vrorda ?? .; She ontornd un omnibus at the corner of! the Man sion Houbo, and alighted at Hyde Park corner. The grass and trees looked bo, delightfully oool, and she ud no desiro to hurry baok to tho stuffy littlo houe'o at Waltham Green. ?'??'. Mamma would bo far botfcnr,' Bhe thought, 'if she would eojoy tho fresh air more, and brood Iubb ovor what can't bo helpod.' Then she selected a seat and foil to thinking of iba happy past, when thuro seemed to bo no oloud upon- tho horizon ? of her future. She saw her brother's ougtr and earnest face i she listoned to his words of hope and onor^y. She revelled in her maiden day- dreams until Ivan St, Leonards came 5nto her life, and then the whole world wan as beautiful as fairyland ! .? '. ? ?'My fnitb in my lover will novor bo shaken,' eke thought/ ' and ono day all that ia now bo dnrk will be mado clear.' Her lips quiverod, and her oyes werp filled with tenrs. Sho left hbr seat and walked toward the row, intending to call ut Doctor Murdoch's house and seo her pupil. There were many, people walking nnd riding despite the oppressive heut, and Ella puusod a minuto to watch the moving gajne.': .-. .-... . ::.' '..:.'. ? .'. ..??' ?'-???' '? ? All at onoo tho blood left her heart, and she turned - ioy cold. She olufcohcd at tho barrier for support, the noiso of a thousand jangling bolls iu hor cars, Whoso voice was that bohind hor — whose but libr loVer's i ' By Qoorge, Roper, thorn ia tho . oolonel of my roglment— tho man on the gray horao I Under tho oiroumbtaacos I don't want him to boo and recog nize mo.' ? ? ? , ' No, air— oortatnly not.' .; Ella turned aud gazed into his fnoe, Yes, it was Ivan— it was her lover— aud with a shriek , dim flung herself into his arms, unmindful of the ourious crowd. . ? 1 ''Oh, my darllntf, my darllnel I have been wait ing for you so long I' aho moaned. Tho1' gentleman looked extremely pained and pu/./.led, and thu man aitllod Roper lookod at him inquiringly, ? , . ' This is eomo mistake,' Captain Ivan said, dla troBflfully. ? . , 1 'Yes, sir,' Roper roapondod, dutifully, 'But) lot us get out of this ourious orowd the best way' wo can. Lot ub spare the lady'B footings. It it evidently a mutter of mistaken idontity.' The words fell upon Ullu'a oaca with terriblo diatlnotnoBB. St, Luonarda was cool and positive, though she felt thut his piby was wonderfully well ' ftBBUIUOd, Sho rnisod hor agonistad oynn to liio faoe, 'Ivan Ivan I for pity'u sako explain. Do you , not know mo P It Is Ella, who loves you so well.' His faou was momentarily distorted with puln. ',?', She calls mo Ivan,' ho fnltored, 'Roper, I never naw tho lady buforo! This nmnti bo inquirod iuto, Dour God, my braiuB are bursting 1', Ella hid only hunrd put of this, for hor aonsos Lad left lu-r. Ropor led his inastor away to a quiet ooafc, then Ivan commanded him to attond to tho young lady —to learn who sho wan and boo her safely homn. 'I do not romotbbor her,' h« snid, ogain and agaiu. 'How beautiful aho is I Thoao doubts will drivo inu nmd I' After a short fclmo Eopor came baok, but ha did not bring good nowa, Tho young lady had been put into a oab and takon homo. Nobody know hor name or tvhero a 'jo lived, '. Captain St, Leonards was far from boing srvtisQad. Tho luoldunb tnado him oxtremoly tninorabln. 'I will take Murdook'a adviao atoiico,' ho said. 'I will bo operated on, and put an end to this misoryl' 'JL'hiit snnio ovonlng poor Kiln wroto as followa to Mr. Sharp t ' Diuu Mil. Siiaium— I lmvo onolonodtlin ohcfim wliloh you ffovo mo lor ranmmn, nn It linow ImpnoBlblo lor inu to aootpt ft. I liopo (hut you will not think tno uniirntcnil. llollovo mo to to opprloloun ruthor thun tliBl. Somo dny 1 innyloll you why I nm InilHoca to not In thin wuy. Hluooroly thanking you lot your kluduodsi 11 Yours lalthrully, 'liiM Colston.' 'I onuld not touoh ono penny of hlo monoy now,' shu thonglit, mournfully. ' My lifu will bo fororur full of weary days, now that I hivvo proof that my Iovh in fultso to iuo. Ho doniod that ho hud ?over seen w-: before! Uu spolto ooldly, if not oon tomptuously. I wondur if I shall ltvo through it ?all P I wonder Mint I am living now— for my heart ia dead within mo.' Jtfjo burst iuto h pusnlnn of tears. Atlongth bad S/Kvn thu groatuiib blow of all 1 (To !ii eonHnuod.) 