BOOK IY.— THE CRIMINAL (THE AUTHOR TELLS THE TALE.) CHAPTER XXXIII. 'I saw her! I saw her!' 'None of that now. ¥ou'd better come quietly.' Mr. Tennant looked at the warder who spoke. With the assistance of his colleague the man was hurrying him along in a fashion which, even at that moment of amazement and of horror, in some subtle way reminded him of his school days. 'I saw her!' he repeated. esu juu iiiig-ut uiive uoue; nouuuy says you didn't. Only don't let's have any fuss.' The man spoke as one might speak, not ill naturedly, but with the superior wisdom of a senior to a fractious child. Mr. Tennant knew that he was not understood; that it was no use to attempt to make himself under stood. His mind was in a chaos. What was he to do? It had come to him in a flash of revelation that he had been made the subject of some hideous mockery, the victim of some malevo lent plot; that he had been racked and re racked for nothing at all; that he had stood his trial for the murder of a woman who, all the time, was actually alive; that the law had committed some grotesque blunder; that he had been condemned to be hiing for another person's crime. What was he to do? He did nothing till he was back again in ?gaol. In the condemned cell this -time. No body had told him, but he knew what it was. He knew that here a long line of murderers had awaited their fate, that liere he would be kept until he was hung. A natural shudder shook him as he realised that they were about to thrust him into this last abiding-place of the damned. He felt that if he did not speak so as to make himself understood before they had him fast in there he would never have a chance to speak at all. That if that door clanged upon his silence, hope, for him, would have died with its clan gor. He turned to the warder. 'I wish to see the governor.' 'You can't see the governor now.' 'I must. Listen to me.' He tried to re strain his emotion, to hold himself in hand; 'Some extraordinary error has taken place. Just as I was leaving the court I saw the woman whom I am charged with having killed.' The warder stared, as if inclined to laugh. 'I am not mad, nor am I dreaming; nor did I see a ghost I saw this woman. She was as much alive as you or I. She was among a number of other women on the bench near the judge. She stood up and she stared at me. I saw her as plainly as I see you. There has been some astounding mistake. Tell the governor that I must see him at once or it will be too late. If you do not tell him my blood may be upon your head.' 'All right.' The warder clanged the door, and went. Mr. Tenuant was left alone in that abode of the haunted. Would the man tell him? Would the gov ernor come? Would he listen if he came? Would they stir a finger? Would they be lieve him? Would they pay the slightest at tention to anything that he said? It would have been hard enough to hang believing her dead, although he had not killed her, but now that he had seen ..her. standing up and looking at him, and smiling at his agony! This explained thetwo ghostly visitations. It was not a ghost, it was herself he had seen. All this time he had been suffering the_agonies of the damned, and she iad been laughing in her sleeve. How she must have enjoyed the play! Oh, what a fool he had been! -- . -. ??''' ? ? . ; (To be continued.) ? 