CHAPTER XXVIII. I TUB CnEVAUER PE MAISON ROUGE. .Maurice hastened to return to the sec tion to enter a complaint against Simon. It is true that before quitting Maurico Louin had found a more expeditious way: this eras to-collect some Thermopiles to lie ’in vrait for him and kill him in a pitched battle. Cut Maurice was stren uously opposed to this plan. “Yon are,,ruined.” .said lie, **ir ^ y°u mahe Use of tir-so means. Cnt-h Simon, but do it legally. - That ought to he an easy thing enough to the lawyers.” Consequently, the next morning, Maur ice laid a formal complaint before tig? section, but was both astonished and an noyed when the president turned a deaf car, excusing himself by saying he could not interfere between two good citizo.us, each incited by the lore of country. “Good!” «nid Maurice. “I know now how to net to merit tire reputation of a good citizen. To assemble the people and to ossassinato a man who displeases you: this you call being ‘incited by Iotc of country.’ Well, I return to Louis’ opinion, width I was wrong to dispute. After to-duy, «b you hear, I shall’ adopt patriotism, nnd stall first experimental lize upon Simon.” “Citizen .Maurice,” said the president, “you arc, niter all, perhaps more to blame in thi3 affair than Simon, lie has discovered n conspiracy, which it was not his province to do so. You have seen nothing, although the discovery formed part of your {duty; and more, you havo held fcommimi\uitiou, accidentally or in tentionally, we know not which, with tho enemies of the nation.” “17" said Maurice. „Well, this is Knmcthing new. And witli whom, pray, :Ci‘izen president ?’•’ ‘•Willi the Citizen Mnison I’ouge.” “17” said Maurice, stupified. "I had communication with tho Chevalier do Mnison liouge 7 I do not oven know him “You have been sneaking to him.” “I 7” “To shake his hand.”' “I 7” _ > “Where? when Citizen President?” suid ' Maurice, carried nwny by the firm con viction v>f his owa innocence. “You have lied.” “Your zeal for your country carries you too far, Citizen Maurice,” said the president, "nnil you will regret wlmt you have said, when I tell you I can : prove wlmt r"Bl.-y"to you he true. I ' have advanced nothing hut the truth. ! Here are three different reports accusing “Now,” said Maurice, “do you really think me simple enough to believe in your ‘Chevalier da Mnison Bongo’?” “And why should you not believe it?” “Because it in only the ghost oi a conspirator, witl, whom you always have a conspiracy ro^y to amuse your cne “Itead the denunciations.” ‘‘I will rend nothing,”' said Maurice. “I protest I have never seen the cheva lier—never spoken to him. Let any one who doubts my word of honor come, nnd tell me so. I shill know how to nnswer The pre.sident'Tihrugged his shoulders. .Maurice, who die not wish to he in ar rears with nay one, did the same. An air of gloomy silence pervaded the remain der of the sitting. After the meeting was Concluded, the president, a stanch pat riot, raised to the highest rank in the district b.v the votes of his fellow-citi • zens. approached Maurice, and said: I “Come, Maurice, I wnait to speak to Maurice followed the president, who ; Conducted him into a little cabinet con tiguous to that where tho sittiags were held. On arriving there he regnrded Mau rice for a moment in silence, then, plac ing his hnnd on his shoulder: “Maurice,”' said het “I knew nnd es teemed your father; this makes me es teem and love you. Believe me, yon in cur grout danger from want of faith— the first failing “f a truly revolutionary spirit. Maurice, uy friend. they who lost their faith also lose their fidelity* You do not believe in the enemies of the ; nation, therefore you pass near without seeing them, and. become the iustruimfnt : in their plots without being aware of it.” “What tho devil.'" raid Maurice. “I know, citizen, that f am a man of feeling, nnd possess some shore of patriotic -/.eat, but my zeal does not render mo a fana tic. There arc twenty pretended con spiracies, to which the public nsvign tho same name. I demand to face my nccu "You will not. beiicve in the conspira tor, Maurice,” said |ti.e president: “then, tell me. do you believe in the red carna tions for which llcloise Tisuu was yester day guillotined 7” Maurice started. “Do von believe in the subterranean passage under the temple garden, com munieiuiug from the cellar of the Cito ■yenne plumeau to a certain liouso in La hue do la Oorderic ?'' “No,” said Maurico, “Then do as Thomas the Apostle did— ‘Go and see.'” “I am not on guard at the temple, and they would not nllow me to cuter, there.” “Anr one ii*r;v onier tlw temple now.’” “Ilo'w is ;hit ?” “Komi I lie report. since yon are so iu Creilji!mis. I shall only proceed by oiii cial information.” “Well.” said Maurice, reading the re port, “this is the point.” “Continue.” | “They have transpwted the queen to the conciergeric!” cried Maurice. “Do yon think that from a dream, or ■wlmt you call an imaginary idea, or an idle story, the Committee oi public Safety would have adopted so grave a meiis “This measure has been adopted, but will never be execute^.. like mnny more I have seen, and all—” “Head to tho end,” said the president: and be presented him with the last pa “Tho receipt of Richard, the jailor of the conecigeric,” cried Maurice; “she hnd been there these two hours.”_ This time Maurice remained deep in thought. “The Commune, ns you know,” con tinued the president, “acts with pro found judgment. Jt is digging a furrow long and straight itl its course; its meas ures are not puerile, and it has put in execution the principle o! Cromwell: “It is not necessary to strike the king except upon the head.’ Read this secret note from the minister of the police.” Mnnrice read: “Seeing that we possess the certainty that the ci-devant Chevalier de Maison Rouge is in Paris—that he has been in several places—that lie has left trnccu of liis appearance in various plots, hap pily frustrated, I icipiest nil chiefs of the different sections to redouble their vigi “Well ?” said the president. “I must believe this,” said Maurice; nnd be continued: “Dctpription of tbe Chevalier de Maison Rouge. In height, five (cot three inches, fnir hair, blue eyes, 6triiight nose, chest nut-colored beard, dimpled chin, soft voice and hands like n female’s.” At this description }• strange light hurst upon Maurice; hegthought of tho O’ounginan who commaKded the troop of Muscadins, and who, out the preceding evening, saved the livesSpf himself and Louis, and so valiantly qSrew his sword upon the /Marseillais in their defense. “Mordieu!” exclaimedftMaurice, “it must be lie; in that cascB the denomina tion would not be false. spoke to him, but I can not remeinbe ' taking his hand.” i “Maurice,” said tho p isident, “what do you say to nil this n w, mou ami ?” “That I believe it,” sab Maurice, mus ing sadly, who, for some 1 me past, with out understanding What evil influence saddened his life, had noti od everything darkening around him. “Do not jest thus with po the president. “In these popularity is life. As io. it is ;to he suspected of ;t; Citizen, Maurice Lindey to be suspected of being a Maurice had nothing to ments so ‘much in accordance with hig own. He thanked Jiis old Mend and quit ted the section. ■ Ah!” murmured he, “tlfcre is too much suspicion and skirmiAing. How,” drawing a deep breath, “nWw for peace, innocence, and joy—now...t®' Genevieve.” And .Maurice took the roifl to the Old Rue St. Jacques. When he reached the aboA of the mas ter tanner, Dixmer and JJorWid were sup porting Genevieve, who jAi suffering from a violent attack of hglterics, Thus, instead of entering unceremoniously, a» 1m /was accuBtomed to da, tBgervantj met ulnrity,” Raid lays, Maurice, iimpopularity, ajsou, and the lit not even ply to sent! him in' llic paesagff. “Announce me," said lie, “and if Div iner can not conveniently receive mo, I will 'retire.” The domestic entered the little pavilion, wmlc Maurice remained in the garden. It Seemed to him that somethin:; strange was going on in the house, nnd the work men, instead of being occupied in their usual employment, were walking listless ly about the garden. At length, Dixmer himself appeared. “Come in dear Maurice,-' said he; ‘‘como in you nre not one of those against whom the door is closed.'1 1 “What is the matter?” inquired the {young man. ‘‘Genevieve is ill.” said Dixmer; “in deed moro than ill—she is delirious.” “All, non Dicui” cried the young mnn. Overcome at Again encountering trial nnd Buffering. “H'liat, then, is the rnnttor with her ?"* “Ton are (aware, moil clier," said Dix mer, “one 'Dover knows anything con cerning the illness of women, especially; their husbands.'” Genevieve was lying down on aclinise Jounge' near her stood Mornml, offering her some salts, which she smelled occa sionally. “Well ?” said Dixmer. ‘‘Always the same thing," replied Mor “Heloise! ileli'ise!” murmured the young v r.inn n, from between lier closed teeth and white lips. “lleloise!” repented Maurice, in much surprise. Mon Dieu! yes." replied Dixmer, quick ly; “Geuevlc'-’e most unfortunately saw the cart pass conveying the unhappy girl to the scaffold. Since then she hue had five or six attacks of hysterica, and keeps on continually calling upon He lnise. i;:11 tine most nslonioliirig thing of all is that in her she rc- ognized the girl who sold the carnations, which you al ready know about," said Maraud. “Certainly I do know,” said Maurice, “when they barely failed of cutting my throat.'' “Ah! we Jiave heard nil that, dear Maurice, and believe me, wc hare not been (slightly nlurmed; but Movnad was at the sitting, and saw you fully acquit ted and liberated.” “Silence I” said Maurice; “she agniu speaks.” “Oh. those empty, uiiiutolligiblo words!” said Dixmer. • “Maurice," murmured Genevieve; “ they arc going to kill Maurice. To him, che valier—to him!" A profound silence fol lowed these words. ‘‘Mnison Uor.ge," again murmured Genevieve, “Maison Maurice felt a slight suspicion, but he could make out nothing clearly, and was too much affected by the suffering of Genevieve to comment much upon her ‘'Have you called ia a physician?” do* mended Maurice. liter: “a slight delusion, that is nil.” And he shook his wife so violently by the arm that she revived, and, nttoring a shrill cry, opened her eyes, which till now lmd remained closed. “Ah, you nre both here, and Maurice with you. Oh, I am so glad to see you. moh u.ini: if you knew that I have—"one corrected herself—"what we have suf fered for the last two days." “Yes, wo are all here,” said Maurictc; “have no moro terror on that account. Dirt there is one name above all others, you must not accustom yourself to pro nounce, seeiug at this moment it does not bear a very high repute.” “What name ?” quickly demanded Gen evieve. “The Chevalier de Maison Rouge." “Have I named the Chevalier dc Mai son Rouge 7” inquired Genevieve, be wildered. "Without doubt you have,” said Dix mer; “but understand, Maurice, there is {nothing surprising ill that, since it is said lie was an accomplice oi the girl Ti.son., and that it was lie who concocted the whole plan of escape so happily frus trated yesterday.” “I do not say there is anything surpris ing,” said Maurice; “I only say it is better to keep it concealed.” “Who ?” demanded Dixmer. “The Chevalier do Maison Rouge, pnr bleu 1 The Cummunc seeks for him, and tlio blood-hounds have a fine scent.” "Provided that.beiore they arrest- V.'ur. said Mornnd, “he has not accomplished sonic new enterprise that may succeed bettor than the last.” “At all events,” said Maurice, “it will not be in favor ol the queen.” “Why not 7” demanded Horand. “Because she is henceforth shicldGl from his bold attempts. “Where is she, then?” inquired Dix “At the. conciergorie,” leplied Maurice; “sliei was taken there this evening.” Dix mer, Genevieve, and Moraml Uttered a MAURICE WAS SOON LOST IN' THOUGHT. I cry which' Maurice mistook for one of surprise. “Thus, you see,” continued lie, “adieu to the chevalier's plans for the ; queen. The coneiergeric is more secure i than the temple.” Mo rand and Dixmer exchanged looks, impeiceivod by Maurice. “Ah, mon DieuI” said Maurice, “Madame Dixmer lias turned faint again.” “Genevieve 1” said Dixmer, “you must go to bed my child; you suiier.” Maurice took the hint. He respectful ly kissed Genevieve’s hand and quitted the house. .Morand left with him. and accompanied him ns far as tha Old Ituo St. Jacques, where he parted with him to exchange some words with a man, a superior sort oi domestic, who held n. horse ready saddled and brid led. Maurice was so much occupied with his own thoughts, that he did not even inquire the man's name; indeed, lie nnd Mornnd hnd not exchanged a word since they quitted riie house together. He took the road to tiie Rue dea Tosses St. Victor, and gained the quay. ! “It is strange,” snid lie, walking on. “Is my mind weakened, or are these events assuming importance? Rut every thing tippeara to me as if viewed through a magnifying-glass.” _ l And, to recover his equanimity, Maur ice' presented his face to tbo breeze, nnd, ?lenning ngaiust tho parapet of the bridge, was soon lost in thought. 