Religious Flags of War. BY THE REV. DR. TALMAGE. "In the name of God we will set up our banners." —Psalm xx. 6. There is now on earth a kingdom which in its march tramples no grainfields, sacks no cities, impoverishes no treasuries, fills no hospitals, bereaves do families. The courage and victory of Solferino and Ma genta without carntge. The kingdom of Christ agaiust the kingdom of Satan. Tbat is the strife now raging. We will offer no armistices; we will make no treaty. Until the revolted nations of earth sub-nit again to King Emmanuel, " in the name of God we will set up our banners." Every army has Its ensigns. Loug before the time when David wrote the text they were in use. The hosts of Israel displayed them. The tribe of Benjamin cerried a flag with the inscription of a wolf ; the tribe of Dan a representation cf cherubim ; Judah a lion wrought into the groundwork of white, purple, crimson, and blue. The Athenians carried an Inscription of the owl, which was their emblem of wisdom. The flags of modern nations are familiar to you all, many of them ludicrously inappropriate for the character of ihe nations they repre sent. Yet they are the objects of national pride. The loss of them on the field is ignominious. The three banners of the Lord?* hosts are the banner of proclamation, the banner for recruits, and the banner of victory. 1\. The banner of proclamation. When a nation fqels its rights infringed, or its hon our insulted ; when its citisens have, m , oreign climes, been oppressed, and1 no indemnity has been offered to the inhabitant of the republic or kingdom, a proclamation of war is uttered. On the top of batteries, nnd arsenals, and custom-houses, and re venue offices flags are immediately swffitg out. Thus it is that the Church of JesW Chrißt, Jealous for the honour of its Soyo reign, and determined to get back those who have been carried off captive into the bondage of Satan, in the name of God sets up its banner of proclamation. The Church makes no assault upon the world. God pronounced it very good at the beginning. It Is not the world against which we contend, but its transgressions. Whatever is obstinate in the will, degrad ing in passion, harmful in custom, false in friendship, hypocritical in profession against all this Christ makes onset. From false profession He would tear tWifeMk. Jfrom oppression He would snatch tbt'fwL From pride He would rend off the pfctPtdsy From revenge He would exorcise the 4?t4. While Christ loved the world so much He died to cave it, He hates sin so well Uuu to eradicate the last trace of its pollution He will utterly consume the continents sad the oceans. At the gate of Eden the de claration of perpetual enmity was pyH > against the serpent. The tumult round about Mount Sinai was only the roar and flash of God's artillery of wrath againsi. sin. Sodom on fire Was only one of God* flaming bulletins announcing hostility Nineveh and Tyre and Jerusalem in awfui ruin mark the track of Jehovah's advance ment. They show that Ood was terribly in earnest when He announced Himself ab horrent of all iniquity. They make us be lieve that though nations belligerent and le vengeful may sign articles of peace and come to au amicable adjusiratnt, there shah be no cessation of hostilities between the forces of light and the forces of darkness until the kingdoms of this world have be come the kingdoms of -our Lord. "In the name of God we will Bet up our banners." 2\. Again, it was the custom in ancient times, for the purpose of gathering annieb, to lift an ensign on the top of some high hill, so that all who saw It would feel impelled to rally around it. In more modern times the same plan has been em ployed for the gathering of an army. Thus it is that the Church of Christ lifts its flag for recruits. The cross of Jesus is our standard, planted on the hill of Calvary Other armies demand that persons desiring] to enter the lists of war shall be between such and such an age, lest the folly of ex treme youth or the infirmity of advanced age be a clog rather than an advantage. But none are. too young for Christ's regi ment ; none can be too old. The hand that la strong enough to bounce a ball or trundle a hoop Is skilled enough to light for Christ, while many a hand trembling with old age has grasped the arrow or truth, and, with a dim eye close to It taking aim, has sent its sharp point right through the heart of the King's enemies. Many of you have long ago had your names written on the roll of celestial troops, and you like the service well, although you now bear the scars of multitudinous conflicts and can recount many a long march, and tell of siege- guns opened on you that you thought never Would be spiked But there may be some who have not yet enlisted. Through natural modesty do you hold back and say. " I will be of no ad vantage to Christ ; I am too awkward to learn the' step of the host, or to be of any service in the shock of battle"? To you I make the reply, Try it. One hour under Christ's drill, and you would so well under stand His rules that the first step of your march heavenward would make the za'ea of hell tremble on their hinges. We may not be as polished and trim as many Christ ians we have known, and we may not as well understand sharp- shoot Ing, but there Is rough work which we can all accomplish We may be axemen, and hew a pathway through the forests. We may be spades men, and dig the trencbeß or throw up the fortifications. We do not care where, we do not care what—if we can only help in the cause of our King. There are non-professors who have a very correct idea of what Christians ought to be. You Bay followers of Christ ought to be honourable, humble, and self-denying, and charitable, and patienl, and forgiving. Amen ! So they ought. Come into the kingdom of Christ, my hearer, and be Just that glorious Christian that you have de scribed. Every church has enough stingy men in it to arrest its charities, and enough proud men in it to grieve away the Holy Ghost, and enough lazy men in it to hang on behind till its wheels, like Pharaoh s chariots, drag heavily, and enough worldly men to exhaust the patience of the very olect, and enough snarly men to make ap propriate the Bible warning, " Beware of dogß. If any of you men on the outside of the kingdom expect to make such Christ ians as that, we do not want you to come, for the Church has already a million mem bers too many of just that kind. We do not want our ranks crowded with serfs when we can have them filled with zouaves. Men of the world, If you would be trans formed and elevated by the power of the gospel, now Is the time to come. It is no mean ensign I lift this hour. It is a time-honoured flag. It has been in terrific battle ; draggled in the dust of a Saviour's humiliation from Bethlehem to Calvary, rent by hell's onset, the spears of a mad dened soldiery, and the hands of the men who said, " Let Him be crucified." With this ensign in His bleeding hand, the Saviour waved His triumph, while angels " thronged His chariot wheels, And bore Him to His throne : Then swept their golden harps and sang, ' The glorious work is done.' " 3\. Again, when a grand victory has been won, it is customary to announce It by flags floating from public buildings, and from trees, and from the masts of ships. They are the signal for eulogy and rejoicing. So the ensign the Church hoists is a banner of victory. There was a time when the re ligion of Christ was not considered respect able. Men of learning and poUtitn frowned upon it. Governments anathematised its supporters. To be a Christian was to be an underling. But mark the difference. Religion has compelled the world's respect. Infidelity, in the tremendous effort it has made to crush it, has complimented its power ; and there is not now a single civil ised nation but, in its constitution, or laws, or proclamations, pays homage to the re ligion of Christ. In the war in India, when Sir Archibald Campbell found in ah hour of danger that the men he ordered to the field were intoxicated, and asked for the pious men whom the Christian Havelock had under his management, he said, " Call out Havelock's saints ; they are never drunk, and Havelock is always ready.*' We point not to fortresses and standing armies and navies as the evidence of the Church's pro gress ; we point to the men whom Christ has redeemed by His blood. What if arsenals and navy-yards do not belong to the Church * We do not want them. The weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but spiritual, and mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds. The world and Setan have no idea of the strength and heroism which God will yet let out against the forces of darkness. Depend upon it that, when God inspires the soul with a new life, He puts in it the principle of " never give up." In all ages of the Church there have been those who have had a faith that was almost equal to sight, looking through persecution and reverses with as much expectation as through palp able achievements. The Mahometans, in their struggle to sub jugate the world, had passages from the Koran inscribed on the blades of their scimitars ; and we have nothing to fear if, approaching the infidelity and malice that oppose the kingdom of Christ, we shall haw glittering on our swords the words of David to the giant) " I come to thee In the narao of the Lord Of Hosts, the God of the armies of Israel whom thou hast defied." Now the Church goes forth bearing precious seed ; but after awhile it will be the sheaf binding, and reaper angels shall shout the harvest home. Now it is tents and march ing and exposure ; but then, in the ranks of prostrate iniquity and on the very walla of heaven, " in the name of God we will set up our banners" ! The earth sends up its long, deep groan of pain, and clanks the great chains of Us bondage, and cries, by the voice of sea and land and sky, "How long, O Lord, how long ?" There was a tradition on the other side of tba Water that the daughter of Lit- Was transformed into a bird of the air, and that she wandered for hundreds of years over river and lake until the ar rival of Christianity, and that at the stroko of the first cathedral bell her spirit was freed. Uncounted millions of our race by the power of sin and Satan, have been transformed into a state of wretchedness, and they wander like the poor daughter of Llr ; but they shall after awhile be re leased. When the great Church of Christ nhall in those darkened lands from Its tower ring out the glad tidings of the gospel, then millions of wandering souls shall find rest in a Saviour's pity and a Saviour's love, transported from the king dom of Satan into the kingdom of God's dear Son t By-and-by you would hardly know the 'ft? ll you "w v- The wortd •■ * whole shall be as greatly improved as the In dividual heart by conversion. Fraud, leav ing its trickery, will go to work for an honest living. Knavery shall begin to make righteous bargains. Passion shall answer 1o the control of reason. Scoffers shall be changed into worshippers, and sceptics into Bible-lovers. Christ shall be gin His work on earth. That is enough. Knowing this, we can itver despair. In the name of Christ, march on ! My subject has taught you that In this contest we are not without ensigns. All we want now is men to carry them. We want standard-bearers in all pulpits, in all places of busintes—everywhere. I do not ask you how old you are, nor how young ; now weak or how strong ; how dull or how snarp ; nor what your home, nor who your ancestors. Without any cond^lon, with out any reserve, in the name of \he God of. Israel, I offer you the honour of carrying Christ's ecßigns. Do not be afraid of the assaults of a world whose ranks you deaert, nor of devils who will oppose you with in fernal might. It were more blessed to fall here than stand anywhere elße. It were more of an honour, engaged with Christ, to be trampled under foot with His banners, than, opposing Christ, to be buried, like Ed ward 1., in Egyptian porphyry. You know in ancient tiraeß elephants wore trained to fight, and that on one oc caßion, instead of attacking the enemy, they turned upon their owners, and thousands were crushed under the stroke of their trunkß and the mountain weight of their step. These mountain opportunities of work for Christ may accomplish great things In overthrowing the sin of the world and beating to pieces its errors, but If we do not wield them aright, these very advantages will, it unguarded moments, turn terribly upon üb, and under their heels of venge ance grind u> to powder. Rejected bless ings are sevenfold curses. We cannot com promise this matter. We cannot stand aside and look. on. Christ has declared it : " All who are not with Me are against Me." 