CHRIST CHURCH, BEECHWORTH. On Sunday eveuiug there was a good attendance at- the Church of England, when Mr. Geoghegan delivered the dis course specially prepared for the occasion by the Rev. Canon Serieant. who was unfortunately prevented from doing so by the fact of not having yet recovered en tirely from his recent illness. The dis course. which was clearlv nnrl iil ifiimntlv enuuoiated, was as follows : — " Let every soul be subject to tho higher powers ; for there is no power but of God ; the powers that be are ordained of God. —Romans XIII.— 1. The church at Rome, to which St. Paul addressed this epistle, was composed of two opposite, and occasionally conflicting, elements. There were converts from among tlie Jews, and certainly in equal if not superior numbers converts from among the Gen tiles. The former, naturally, retained some lingering vestiges of their early prejudices and peculiarities. Now tho text, as is supposed, tacitly alludes to one aF f llaca fillaa 11) Alia iitIsiaIs fltitit onnn\ e»411 VI uuu-jv IM1CU lUtatl »» lllfll bllUjr OCC1U OUUl to have cherished with no little fervour. They were tho descendants of those who acknowledged God only as their supreme civil ruler, and tho laws which He had given as the statute- book of the kingdom. The glories of the Theocracy, it is true, were now eclipsed by their subjugation to Rome's far extended empire ; but the memories and traditions of the past ren dered them averse, in 110 ordinary sense, to the control of the alien and the foreigner. Paul knew this ; hence the universality of his exhortation in this passage : Let every soul — every j ewish as well as Gentile soul—" be subject to the higher powers." This then, is a sub ject to which our attention may well be invited as an appropriate introduction lo,- and as closely interwoven with, tho bhcino that comes before us on this interesting occasion. May the Divine Spirit be with us, and give effect to the words now to follow, so far as they are in accord with the statements of the inspired volume. It is a truth that will be obvious to the PiiMnr inr»mi»oi' dutII rtrofiMns. menfc is a necessity arisiug from the con dition of man as a social being. Wherever there is association to any extent there must be rule ; or, in its absence, strife and contention, rapine and bloodshed, with every evil thing. There must be some in authority, and if there are go vernors, rightly appointed for the common weal, there musk be those also whose duty it is to consent to be governed. The most rudimentary form of government was the patriarchal. We may trace it through its several stages of development from tho primary association of a single familv to the inultinlieahinn which cnnsi.t tutes a village, a town, a city, a common wealth ; but the same principle attaches to them all, headship on the one hand and subjection 011 the other— governmental authority and obedience to its enactments for the general good. Order is the law of nature. Creation, throughout its com ponent parts, moves in harmony, because in obedience to certain fixed laws. The planet deserts not its own proper orbit. Nor must man quit his own proper sphere. We are in a state of mutual dependence, and our prosperity or tho reverse, our advancement or retrogression in our col lective capacity, as a body politic, or as a people, must lie greatly clue to the manner in which the subordinate individual mem ber perform the part respectively assigned tot-hem. From the lawlessness of Israel in the time of the Judges we may conceive something of the misery in which the earth would be plunged without tlie re straint of wholesome regulations. The cruelty of the wicked wuuld spread terror and dismay, and that fiercest of all tyran nies, armed injustice, would rob tho Help less and the weak of their plainest, commonest, natural rights. Most just is the observation of the poet — " Each stato mint hive its policies ; Kingdoms have edicts, cities have their char ters. Even the wild outlaw, in his forest walk, Keeps yet lotne lonch of civil discipline. For not since Adam wore his verdant apro.i Rath man with 111 m in social union dwelt, But laws were made to draw the union closer." J ust so ; the general welfare of the rulers and the ruled, their cohesion as a whole, the safety of home, the peaceful pursuit of the business of life, the pre servation of the rights which properly pertain to us as citizens and as men, these are considerations surely of irei«ht and iiitpuLi«v,iv,c, in the eiifoiccinont ot an in junction such as that involved in the words of our text. But the Apostle ad duces a reason still mora demur in rl, ,. announcement that follows, a reason which, as urged by a writer who could claim for himself the inspiration of the spirit, we must at once admit to be irre sistible and overwhelming. "Let every soul be subjoct to the higher powers," writes St. Paul. Why? The reason is added : " For thora is no power but of God." No power but of God ! Mark- that. Tliore are different forms of go vernment, and diversity of opinion may exist as to the excellencies or defects of each, but whatever tlie government of a country, monarchial, aristocratic or re publican (including as they must, like all other human things, the. possibilities of deterioration, corruption and abuse), the doctrine here insisted 011 by the Apostle embraces all equally in its comprehensive amplitude, the duty of respect inward as well as outward for that power, and of loyal submission to its rule, on this suf- ficient ground that "there is no power but of God," and that " to resist the power is to resist the ordinance of God." The same rerity is elsewhere in Scripture impressed upon us by the facb (cited by our Lord linnselt, John x. when defend ing himself against the cavils of his adversaries) that magistrates are dignified in Holy Writ by the title of "gods." Thus in Psilm S2 \vc read, " 1 (Johovah) said, Ye (magistrates) are " gods." Gods ! How so? As invested with authority "for the punishment of evildoers, anil for the reward of them that do well." Yes, ye are the Almighty's vicegerents upon earth. There is in government a wheel within a wheel. Not kings aud potentates alone, but inferior magistrates, a links in the chain of vicarious rule, are thus to be esteemed. The stamp of authority is on them ; and unless we choose to take up the position that St. Paul was mistaken iu his claim to be illuminated from above, we cannot but admit the necessary inference from his language, that that stamp is Divine. "The powers that be," he goes on to tell u«, "are "ordained" of God." Tliore is a pregnancy in that word " ordained" that might escape the notice of an ordinary reader. The verb from which it is uerivea in ene original ureelc means to arrange, to dispose, 'to distribute in order. It suggests to us the orderly and skilful arrangement of a host designed to act in subserviency to the will of some directing iniud ; though the details have to be car ried out by a number of others— officers and subalterns in various subordinate capacities. There can be little doubt that when tlie sacred writer penned the words now under review, there was spread out, as on a map, before his mental eye the sway of tho Empire in all its vast propor tions. He took in at a glance Rome's conquered countries — her subject provinces, and the diversified channels through which the influence of her great name passed from the Atlan tic to the Euphrates, from the deserts of Africa and Arabia to tho Rhine, the Danube, and the Euxino. Nor did he omit to take into his computation tho character of the person by whom at that period the Imperial purple was worn. Think of the individual by whose hands u-i.i 1.1. uiio ici-Lia UJL wvcLiimaiib uwiu 111 LUHL day. It was Nero ! a being whose wan ton atrocities resembled more the actiugs of a fiend than of oue akin to Adam ; Nero, by whose command Christians smeared with pitch were set on fire to light up his gardens by night ; to whoso ferocity in persecution succumbed at last this very apostle. And yet with the full knowledge of his character did this heaven- taught guide and instructor of the church issue the command to the converts at I Rome to be in subjection to tlie powers 1 then existing— a command all- embracing ; \ from Nero to tho pettiest sovereign of mere nominal independence ; governor, pro-consul, or magistrate by any other name within the far-reaching compass of Rome's widespread dominions. The at titude of Christ to tho civil government and of Christ's disciples in apostolic times is, surely, to be the attitude of his followers throughout all succeeding ages. Aye, lirnfliVAii uonetil- Mia "Ri'Ma no AntllLt. tion from tho throne ; believe that the writers were moved by the Holy Ghost ; and as a logical sequence what other con clusion can we possibly arrive at than that just adverted to ? If then this was Paul's teaching, while tlie atrocities of a Nero were spreading consternation far and wide in the empire and in the church, with what ready ac quiescence should we accede to it in regard to those who have the rule over us. We are the subjects of a sove reign whose virtues in private have been no less conspicuous than have been the mildness and equity of her sway as ail kmi Mia K/IAT I(-I>A fllA CIIVIUSHUU niLII till© I VI Lil«> I'liuw" Constitution. To-day our thoughts turn to the approaching celebration of Her Majesty's Diamond Jubilee. Not local merely, but universal, is the call to the exhibition of our loyalty. We respond with alacrity — with alacrity, I repeat-, no less in recognition of the truth that it is by permission of the Almighty Ruler of heaven and earth alone that any ave ex-; alted to occupy thrones, than in acknow ledgment of our indebtedness to the Divine favor for the liberty, the privileges, and the blessings which, as British sub- jects, wo enjoy under a rorm ot govern ment than which none perhaps can be more perfect in tins imperfect world. The careful student of the annals of our times, us he scans the records of the sixty years that have elapsed from Her Majesty's accession, will see much that is calculated to elicit the expression of our national gratitude. We have had wars, but we have gone through them unscathed. W e have had clouds, some of which, indeed, still obscure the distant horizon — clouds 11 u aa if wtrli frhf thunder of political convulsion — but hitherto they have passed and ave passing without doing harm. When, let us ask, did any great State, within a space of equal duration, so abound in vitality ? What triumphs science iias won ! How wonderful have been the discoveries in astronomy, in geography, in electricity, in chemistry, in geology, in photography, in medicine and surgery ; besides the thousand and one other achievements of man's subtle intellect, beyond the preach er's power to enumerate — achievements which might almost seem as the lie phis ullni of hum-in iiiL'eimitv. if anvone wore hold enough nowadays to set bounds to it. Among the latest marvels which induce mo thus to speak are the Carter torpedo, which experts affirm can. be made to per form with ease and precision all the movements that a fish can execute in the waters ; and the teloni9terscope of tho electrician, Mr. Alcock. 80 magical iias been the change which human life has undergone that (to adopt with slight alteration the language of M'O.urthy) " a man of the present day suddenly thrust back sixty years in life would find himself almost as awkwardly unsuited to the ways of that time as if he went back to the age when the Romans occupied Britain. What, then, as regards the land of our adoption ? Have we not, as colonists, rea son to be grateful to the kind and. watchful providence of our God ? Lo: a momen tary retrospective glance at our position furnish us with an answer to that ques tion. On March 9th, .1802, Lieutenant Murray took possession of Port. Phillip in the name of His Majesty George 111. It is unnecessary to detain you with a state ment of the difficulties that arose or the dangers that threatened the newly ac quired territory ; suffice it to say that after an interval of thirty years the pro ject of a permanent occupation "was crowned with success. O11 January I, L837, the first sale of half-acre lots took place in Melbourne. Need I tell such an audience as this that from that time com menced the gradual reclaiming of the wilderness, until in parts, and those ex tensive, it has been made to smile and blossom as the rose. Continuous was tho improvement through the patient perse verance of intelligent, energetic men, until Port Phillip has developed into the Victoria of to-day, with her separate Con stitution, Parliamentary pi-irilogos, ;lnff demonstrated resources ; her splendid cities and magnificent buildings ; her uoble capital, with its elegant environ- meiits : its ;mrl m»'.i;.-i gardens ; its numerous adjuncts uad adornments, which have made Victoria the admiration of every traveller, and Melbourne (despite its temporary depres sion) peerless among the queenly cities of the Southern Hemisphere. And if from the development of its material prosperity we pass to the con sideration of its spiritual growth and ex pansion, the contrast of its present condi tion with that of the past is such as to awaken the deepest- sentiments of thank fulness for the goodness and providential care of the same Almighty Friend. What a transformation the country has under gone in this respect during the last half century! In January, 1848, the ship bringing tlie first Bishop to this diocese passed through tho Heads. On Dr. Perry's arrival tho population of Mel bourne was upwards of 12,030, and in the whole district of Port Phillip there were then only three clergymen— one at Mel bourne, one at Geelong, and the third 200 miles further to the west, at Portland. And what accommodation, think you, had been provided for the worship of God ? in Melbourne there were two unfinished churches ; at Geelong a small church of stono ; at Belfast one of weatherboard. Such, in its infancy, was the dioaesc over which presided that learned, devout and fatherly Bishop, than whom, probably, none ever lived more endeared to his clergy noue more qualified by the grace of God to elevate the people over whom he was placed, and guide them to and atom/ the "narrow way that leadetli unto lifo." flow stands the case at the present elate ? One can scarcely move now within the limits of civilisation without findin« the church of which we are members more or less satisfactorily represented by the pioneer reader or the " bush clorgymnn." You are aware of thedaily services in ourCatliedral, accessible to all. In addition to these, there are now, as we learn from tho best source of information, ISO clergymen ministering to nearly sixty thousand people ; eight thousand communicants ; seven hundred and seventy-seven build ings in which worship is conducted ; and a Sunday-school attendance of almost cnircy cnousand ; to say nothing of the daughter-diocese of Ballarat with its staff of 54 clergy, churches, schools and par sonages. Suoh is our status iu this year of grace 1897 . But to extend our view beyond the limits of colonial church life, and the vigour and activity that have marked its career, lot us inquire— and that with an honest self-scrutiny— what duty devolves on us, aud united Christendom to hasten the time when at the advent of our adorable Redcomer shall bo celebrated that J ubilee, of which all that preceded whether in the Jewish or tho Christian Church, were but the type and the shadow. With a view to tho solution of this point let us call to mind the words of the Lord Jesus Christ: "This gospel of the Kingdom," said He, "shall bo preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations ; aud thai sho.ll the end come." Add that, He gave a command to his disciples, which has been transmitted through them as a sacred charge to all eiiAnAoeura 1 1 rt _ _ . fcoiicuiuiui is, no ye ana make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in tlie name of tlie Father, and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." Now ponder that-, my brethren, seriously and well. Theie is a command, clear aud luminous as a sunbeam. Whose command ? 'L'ho command of the King of love ; of Him, who is of the same essence, power and eternity, with the Father— that Kin" eternal, immortal and invisible. You will not deny this. Well, then, if, as the text evinces, it behoves " Every soul to be subject to. the higher (earthly) powers," how imperative is it on every soul to obey the behest of Him by whom thrones are established ; before whose tribunal as judge of quick and dead the most exalted potentates of earth, equally with the beggar, must hereafter give ac count. What, then, has Christendom beon doing for the last fifty years in com pliance with this injunction of Christ ? It Annnnt 1«A d AIIIA/l tllilt AM MlA Ilf linfe B O'lllllvU UU tlOlllOU VUHV W»I VUW £/< » w few of us there has beeu much lack of zeal, a want of appreciation of our solemn responsibilities in view of an ever-nearing eternity and our relationship to the Cruci fied One as baptized members of his body ; still, I think, we are bound to maintain that the church, as a whole, has been quickened iuto marvellous life and ac tivity, as compared with the almost uni versal inertness and apathy of the previous half century. With increasing impetus the chariot wheels of the Gospel are rolling on, and will continue to do so, we may be suro, despite every seeming obstacle, until the message of peace through the blood of Ciiiv Giujo urn uvcu tu un 11a tions. Evangelisation is the work of the church ; conversion the work of God, " whose spirit bloweth where it listetli." Then, my brethren, when throughout the globe in it3 every nook and corner has been unfurled the banner of the cross — then will arrive the end. " Behold, He cometli, ' will be the cry of every soul. Crowned with many crowns He cometh, " riding on the white cloud," to bring re demption to His people — to release those mouldering bodies, prisoners of the tomb, and to wipe away the tears from the face of His loved ones. He cometh to take to himself His great power and to sit upon the throne of David in its re-established and milienial glory. O, day of days ! O, the magnificence of that Jubilee of Jubilees! What tongue of man or of angel can describe it ? It will be a sight, doubtless, long to be re membered as a display of this world's grandeur, when on Tuesday next our Empress Queeu appears wearing her many orders, with the diadem on her brow twliait »»artaromn?i»r1 Kir Mia m..a..i. 1 xl. . Iivwviiij/fiiiivu wjr BIIO HllLl tlie noble of the earth, amid the strains of thrilling music and tho cheers of throng ing multitudes, eager to catch if but'a glimpse of the passing spectacle, she is escorted by 40,000 loyal troops, English and colonial, with nodding plumos and sword and helmet flashing in the sun light, to St. Paul's Cathedral ;— a scene never to be forgotten when, 011 the wes tern steps of that' sublime structure, adoration and praise will be offered to Almighty God ; our beloved Queen (now in the infirmity of far advanced life) re maining in her State iage, while those 11 Aft. r anrl ria&r; tr> hoi enne imnnJ, 1 jiicwiUOUIUs ilUU other princes of the Royal family, on horses gorgeously caparisoned, are grouped around her, the central figure of attrac tion. But, " Passing Away" must be written on it all. The pageant fades The august lady who wears that crowu must die ; and of all the millions of her subjects a few only will witness the tran sient pomp. But when Jesus, -King of kings, shall be revealed with the star- crowned retinue of His saints, on every brow will shine forth immortality and life. Every eye shall see Him in the unearthly radiance of that procession and every knee shall bow before Him' What ainultitude will be there !— prophets martyrs, apostles, all tho members o'f Christ s family, tho "redeemed un'o God by His blood, out of overy kindred and tongue, and people, and nation"— a white-robed company which no man can number; Cherubim and Seraphim, with " ten thuusand times ten thousand and thousands of thousands" of spiritual Hierarchies. What rank! What dignity ! What honor ! this is the imperishable scene— tlie splendor that never fades — the life that never dies. For hark ! The Archangel's blast ! It is the time of the first resurrection. The sleepers wake, lliey spring to life from every cemetery and with bodies etherealised and glorified for ever, enter amid the hallelujahs of the blest and music swelling from An.'olic harps, into that " Building of God, 'the House not made with hands, eternal in the heavens.". Do any of my hearers desiro to participate in the glories of that Jubilee ? To behold it with joy and not with sorrow ? Then " break off your sins by righteousness." Fear God. Honour the lung. Respect the magistrate. Let every soul among us that cherishes this hope be ' subject to the higher powers." Wives obey your Husbands, in the Lord ; hus bands, love your wives, and be not bitter against them ; children, obey your li'Lrenta. in hi i a » 1 » IHOVOKe not your children to wrath, but briu« them up m the nurture and admonition of the Lord. None are exempt from the obligation of obedience either to the laws of tho land or of the church. Lawless- ness is godlessness. Would we bo «ood citizens, good churchmen, good Christians ? Let us 111 due subordination obey the laws civil, ecclesiastical, religious. So may we have peace and prosperity as a people and as a church. So may the order of earth be merged at last in the harmony of heaven. 