THE STQRYTEttEBa THE- NABOB'S 1©¥EM= James Maifcland was his name, bad most people called hies ^Tj^Jb Nabob '(behind his back) because that- title seemed ex actly to fit Him, for he had done every thing expected w theory of a Nabob — ? F^iab the best part, of : his life in India, ; 'iving his liver and good looks behind Am when he came to England, with a .complexion yellow ai a guinea, a temper as hot and peppery as his favorite carries, and — a splendid fortune. I he .Nabob was a self-made man, and bo&Bted; no ancestral home, so he bought himself a small estate, and built on it an enormous red-brick house, where he settled down with his wife and daughter to et joy the good things purchased by long years of exile. . : Eastahire welcomed him warmly. His wife waa a charming woman, his daughter a pretty girl, so for their sakes the Nabob's hot temperand cranky ways were forgiven, and the county notables received him as an equal.:. :' ? ' Tullygoram House was a solid square building, with no architectural beauty, but the grounds were.keptiii such a state oi perfection it was a pleasure even to look at them, and within doors the Eastern trea sures brought home by Mrs. Maitland, were tastefully arrayed. She never boasted of her possessions, bat her husband could not resist always from displaying to special favourites his wonderful collection of pre cious stones — above all, a tiara of diamonds, the gift (if a native prince, which ha intended to present to; Doris on her wedding day. Like most self-made inen.the '.Nabob wor shipped rank. The dream of his life w&s; for his child to marry a peer. From the day she left school be impressed upon Doris she was. not to listen to any lover but a nobleman. Those diamonds, ha declared, were far too splendid to be wasted on the wife ;of a plain ' mister.' Miss Maitland only laughed, end pro mised to remember her doty to the diamonds, but love conquered her ambition, and one day she electrified the Nabob by accepting the proposal of a country gentleman, who had not the ghost of a title in Mb family, and so was most unfit to be Mr. Maitland's son-in-law. . There was open strife at Tallygoiam House. Lionel Vernon refused to take ' no' for an answer. Doris loved him, he declared, and he did not .care if her father refused to give her a penny ; he had plenty to keep a wife. Mr. Maitland could only part them for a year, since Doris was turned twenty, ond nest May she would be free to please herself. Perhaps the Nabob's sneers exasperated the lover, for he was stung into Qsserting tb&t; his birth was as good as Mr. Maitl&nd;'s, or perhaps better. This brought the interview to an end. Lionel found himself turned ont of the library with orders never again to present himself at Tully goraro House. But fate was ogaiusJ the Nabob. He was a very sooiable man, and though wont to snap at his fellow-creatures when out of temper, he simply detested being alone. The Vernons were an old Eastshire family. It was not likely Lionel's friends and neigh bors would drop him at the bidding of a newcomer like Mr. Maitland, so the latter speedily found he must give up all hope of preventing meetings between Doris and her lover, or else renounce Enatshire society entirely. When this grew clear to the Nabob he went into a rage, which lasted one whole day. Then he came to his wife with a sealed letter in his hand and pronounced his ultimatum. , 'I am not going to stand it, Mary. I won't: have the dream of my life rained by a whipper-snapper like j young Vernon. I mean to leave Eastshire and take you and Doria with me.' Mrs. Maitland suggested mildly that oven if they went away they would have to come back again, and the Mount, being General Vernon 's own property, moat likely they would find him and his family still there. 'X know,' said the Nabob gloomily, ' but I don't moan to oome back at all. I 'intend to sell Tallygdmm House. I have i'fritten out an culver tisom ant which, in about two days' time, will be in all the newspapers of the county.' : Mra. Maitland gave way then and cried bitterly, begging her husband to change his mind, but she could prevail nothing ?whatever-- the Nabob was not to be 'From first to last I have spent £30^000 on this place, but I shall sell it if I can only get £15,000. I can't shut Doris up till she comes to her senses-— more is the p\ty-r-but I shall take her on a tpor round the world in the tope that I may drive Verobn out of her head.' ? Mother and/daughter grieved together, for gentle MrsVMaitland was on the lover's side, and believed him worthy of the girl. ',Wq11,' said Doris, with a touch of h!er father's obstinacy, ' I only hope papa won't find a purchaser. Agents are very dilatory. If only they will be so now, and drag out the negotiations till next May, why I shall be of age, and papa will then see it is of no use.' 'He is not going to an agent. He means to advertise the property.' 'Is not that very unusual? I always thought that people had to have lawyers and all sorts of formalities before an estate could change hands V ' I don't understand business,' said her mother. 'Sut I would give anything in the world not to leave Tullygoram.' , ' The fellow must be mad,' was General Vernon's comment when he read the Nabob's advertisement.. ..... ' Why, Lionel, he actually says, ' no reasonable offer re fused/ and he mast have spent thousands of pounds on that place.' v :, 'Tullygoram : House is so hideous out side I should say many people would object to it on that score,' said Lionel gravely. . ? Bat it seemed they did not, for the Na bob had several letters of inquiry in the next few days, and actually ran up to London twice. to. meet possible purchasers. : He returned |he second time with an air of triumph, and. announced that ' the place ^yas as good as sold.' .. .;.:' ' Without the purchaser even seeing it?' queried Mrs. Maitland. - ' He is coming dbvvn to- mbrrow. Just as a matter of form,, you know, I have asked hioafco sleep ;here a night or two, i'o that he may have ample leisure to examine everything, and Mary, my dear, he ia a guest worthy of ::your 'hospitality. Hebe longs to the old nobiiity. of France.' ' I hope ho can speak English,' said Mra.'. Maitland anxiously. r .' He speaks ? ft as^weU as you do. His mother was an Englishwoman. And see to it, my dear,_that the count is made wel come. I should think 'such a distinguished guest would cheer yon up. You and Doris Beeoi dreadfully in the blues.' The ladies would gladly have been spared the company of the count, since they looked on him as the robber who was to drive them from their home, but the Nabob ruled his household autocratically, so they made no open remonstrance. 'The count' (which waa the way Mr. Maitlsnd styled his guest, as though there was but one count in the whole world) arrived punctually, and made a very favor able impression on everyone, except Doris. His perfeot English, hia pleasant face, and courteous ways, fascinated Mrs. Mait land, who quite erjjoyed hia visit when she found that as a ' nobleman ' his influ ence over the Nabob was so great that for & whole 24 hours no explosion of the lattar's temper disturbed the peace of Tully goram House. ? 'If only Doris had waited,' said the Nabob to his wife on the second night of the count's vjsit, ' my dearest hopes might have ;been fulfilled.' , It was evident that the count admired Doris. Ferhapa he regretted she was not one of the fixtures of the property to be sold with the estate. He told the Nabob be was delighted with Tullygoram House, and thought, it cheap at thirty thousand pounds.: As soon us he returned toLon don his lawyer should meet Mr. Maitland's and draw up the deed of purchase. Meanwhile, he assured his host, East shire was lovely in Jane, and he had not eDJoyed himself so much for years. So it was settled the count's visit should be prolonged to a fortnight, which would give ample time for the sale to be com pleted by the first July, on which day the Nabob intended to start on his tour round the world, haying already purohased tickets, hotel coupons, etc., for himself and family of the renowned Cook. 1 The day before the count's departure Doris met Lionel Vernon by appointment in the glades of a wood some little distance from Tallygoram House, for since, it had baen decided for the Maitlands to leave England these two young people defied thn Nabob ? and saw each other as often as possible, ' Set the Frenchman is really off to morrow?' said Lionel, -*' I should rather like to have a look at him— jast to. seo ? ,-' -'t' ?'?' ????,? ?'. He is off to-morrow; and I devoutly hop9' I may neves1 see him again,' ..,- r «« Why, Doris? I thought yoa were all infatuated with him ?' exclaimed Lionel. 'Well you thought right about my esteemed papa, and even mother thinks the. count delightful j but I can't bear bun. I should think it & kind of ' Dr. Fell' senti ment,, for I can give no reason for my dis like, but, for a strange fact, not one of our servants can endure the count ; from the housekeeper downwards they positively hate him.' ? . 'I have often beard golden opinions 'from one or two neighbors.' ' Yes ; everyone papa has introduced to the count ia delighted with him. Yju see he is young and rich.' : ' And looking out fdr a countess,' finished Lai, mischievously. ' Now, Doris, only think, according to your father, hia wife would be worthy of the tiara.' '. Oh I bother the tiara,' cried Doris, laugh a?. ' I have been so scolded ^bout those diamonds I wish they were back at the bottom of their mine;' - 'Never mind,' said Lai, cheerfully} 'you will be twenty-one on the first of May and then— ' ''?); - They had turned but of the wood now, and wera actually in the Tallygoram grounds — 'awful effrontery of Lil'B, bufe the Nabob had gone to a public meeting in the next town, and couldn't be back for another hour. 'By Gaorge, who's that ?' cried Lai, as ha caught sight of a good looking ybang * man, with a cigar in his mouth. ' . .' Why, that's the count himself,' replied - Doris. ' ' ' Will you come and be introduced do your future neighbour ?' But Lionel tamed abruptly and plunged into the thickest part of the shrubbery, so as to avoid the Frenchman. ' Lai,' said Miss Maitland, ' What is it ? I am sure you have seen that man before, and know something about him. Why, ' your face changed when I told you it was . the count.' '?I don't believe that fellow is any more a count than I am.' ; 'Therr who is he ?' y u. 1 can't take on myself ; to'give him a name ; but I'm.pretty sure of two things he's not rich enough to bay Tallygoram and he's down here after no good.' Doris grew very pale. ' Papa hasn't treated you well, Lai j but if you know anything against the man I think you ought to tell him.'; ' 'And be turned out of 6he i house a second time? I know a better plan than that. What time does the cpunt leave to-moKow?' ' y ' He goes to London by the ten o'clock express. Papa will see him off from Eaaton.' ; ' ' Well, keep up your courage; little girl. Mark my words, the count will never come back here.' . '; ' O.'a ! Lil,'1 cried the poor girl, eagerly, 'don't kill him.. He's not worth you getting into trouble about,' ' v'i ' I've no intention of killing him, Doris. I believe he's an impostor, and I mean to dog his footstepa- till I am satisfied I am right, that's all.' v - ?. V ; : Never hadthe. count be6n so 'fascinating as on that last evening of Ws Bay at; Tully goram. The Nabob waa so delighted with his guest that he took'bim to the oak room, where he kopthis wonderful collection, and exhibited everything, from the strings of turquoises he had given his wife on their wedding day to the diamond tiara which had caused Doris so many lectures, ' They are valued at a htindred thousand: pounds,' said the Nabob, glancing proudly at the dazzling array ; ' and yat you bould put them all ia a small handbag. My wife doesn't care for wearing many orna ments, bat. they will be heirlooms itt my daughter's family whan she marries. I always send them to the Easton jbank, when we are away from home. Oar ser vants are honest, but I don't caro to put such a responsibility upon them.' The ten o'clock train was a great favorite with Easton people, because after Newton janctlon, the next station, it did not atop for 60 miles — not, in fact, till it was near ing London. The.Nabob ordered his dog-carb in good time ; but the cotint was bo long over his adieux to the ladies that, in spito of rapid driving, the grey' niare only reached Easton after the train was sig nalled. 1 'Just time to got your ticket,' said Mr. Maitland; 'but you must be quick. I hear the train.' ' Good heavens,' cried the connt, pull ing his hand out of his pooket, 'I've lefb my parse on the drossing table. What in. the world aia rI to do? Fvo an appoint* Do yon think the railway people will give me a ticket on credit ?' 'No need to ask them/' aaid the 2Jabob, promptly. 'Let me be your banker.' And he, put hi3 well-filled purse into the count's hand. The train was coming in even then. The count, after getting his ticket, had only just time to jump into the carriage, where a porter had already placed his port manteau. He shook hands with his host, the guard slammed the door to, and the train had steamed out of the station before the Nabob realised that the count had not returned his purse. It was too late to rectify the mistake, the tiain had entered the tunnel, and only a slight curl of smoke was visible. 'He must have forgotten it,' thought the Nabob, who, though of an irascible temper, was not a suspicious man. ' He must have put it into his pocket, forget ting in the hurry and confusion that it was not his own.' But for all this reasoning Mr. Maitland would have preferred to have the purse in his own keeping, in view of his coming foreign tour. He had the day before cashed a cheque for a large sum, and he had meant to spend the morning paying sundry bills in Euston. The Nabob was fond of this occupation. He liked to pay his debts himself in gold or notes much better than the more, dig nified way of posting cheques to his different tradespeople. 'Well, clearly it was of no use hia dawd ling about with empty pockets. Of course the count would send back his purse from London by parcel post. It was to be hoped he would register it, and with this last rtftactiori the Nabob drove home wards. His wife and Doris were out. They had promised to lunch with some friends who lived at ten miles distance, and had started just five minutes before tbe Nabob re turned. Of course, they did not expect him home so soon, and tbey had told them their plans, but none the less he felt an noyed at their absence. Somehow. the Nabob was in bad spirits that morning. The first feeling of regret at his leaving Tullygoram House seized his heart. After all, it would be a wrench to leave the place which had been his first xeal English home. Ha had -watched the building of Tullygoram House from the first-stone to the last slate. He had thought to end his days these, and now at sixty he was going to become an aimless wan derer. It was not his fault. Lionel and Doris had driven him to this desperate step by their obstinacy. By the way, Vernon was safe out of the girl's way for the present. He had taken a seat in the nex* compart ment to the count. At this point of his meditations the Na bob reflected he might just as well go to the count's room and place the purse his visitor had forgotten safely under lock and key. The apartment was certainly one of the most sumptuous in the house — one worthy of tha noble guest, but the maids had been buey there, and every single trace of recent occupation had disappeared. Mr. Maitland looked on the dressing table and sundry other places, but saw no signs of a purse, so he rang the bell, and the housemaid appeared. ' 'Where did you put the count's purse, Jane ] He left it on the dressing-table.' ' I saw no pursa here, sir, and the count had it in the hall, for he opened it to give me a shilling. He never came upstairs after that.' It occurred to the Nabob a shilling was not a very liberal ' douceur ' after a fort night's stay. ^ Jane from her manner thought so too. There wbb a pause, then the girl looked at her master, and said, defiantly — 11 The count left one thing behind him, sir, though it was not a purse. I meant to take it to the housekeeper, but perhaps you will lot me give it to you.' _ ' Certainly, Jane. I will send it to him this very day.' Jane shook her head. ' I am thinking he won't care to know you have seen it.' And she produced from her pocket some thing which the Nabob regarded with vague alarm. ' Why, that is a skeleton key,' he ob served gravely. ' I thought so, 6i c. I found it under the pillow after he had gone. You see, for all you thought of him, the gentleman was qaite a stranger to yo»; two weeks ago, and lieould nofc help wondering if he had helped himself to aajbhiog wifcU that key.^ The key opened the door. The Nabob was prepared for anything now, and when he had reached the cabinet, in which his jewels were stored, it did not surprise him to find every drawer had been forced open and rifled of its contents. There were no jewels left except the faw simple trinkets worn by Doris and her mother, kept in their own care. 'Gone.' The pride of the Nabob's heart, the most cherished of all his possessions, had vanished in one night. There could be no question of the robber. It was the count, who doubtless had thought it an excellent joke to fleece his unconscious victim of a cool hundred in gold and notes to pay the ex penses of his flight. Bobbed. The Nabob was no simpleton. Bit by bit it came slowly home to him that from first to last he had never had a single proof that his late guest was a French nobleman, or indeed a foreigner at all. He had been the dupe of a printed visiting card, a hand some iace and a fascinating manner. Thankful that his wife and Doris would not be at home for a few hours, the Nabob sent to the police inspector, a sharp, intelli gent officer who more than once hinted the 'collection ' would be safer in a banker's strong room than at Tullygoram House. Inspector Delves listened to Mr. M ait- land's story, then he took out his watoh and shook his head. ' Your count won't be fool enough to go to London. He'd get out at Newtown Junction five minutes after you left him, and from there he could get to three differ ent seaports, so that if ho meant to fly the country it 'ud be prclty good work. I doubt you've seen tho lust of your jewels, sir.' But three hours later a telegram was put into the Nabob's hands which made him moro hopeful. '.Your late guest Bails to-morrow for Rot terdam. If you want; fco m him first I ) can give you his address, but you must start at once. Lobs not an hour.' The sender's name was Lionel Vernon, and the address given was the Great Eastern Hotel, Harwich. The Nabob did not even wait for his wife's return. He set out at once, and by seven o'clock was in Lionel's private room, greeting the young man with the warmest friendship, and apparently quite forgetting he had ordered him out of Tullygoram House not so many weeks before. Lionel's tale was very simple — ' By a strange chance I never caught a glimpse of the Count de Courcy till yester day. I recognised him then as a man who forged my uncle's name for a large amount some two years ago, and who escaped scot free through the latter's mistaken clemency, giving a solemn promise to sail for New Zealand at once. But positive as I was of the folio tv's identity I had no proof, and I never flattered mysolf you will take my bare word. I knew your collection of jewels had a wide reputation, and I remem ber Lawson or Greville — he had halfa dozan aliases — was an expert at judging precious stones, so I made up my mind to shadow him when he left Tullygoram HouBe, and not lose sight of him till I was satisfied either that I was mistaken, and. he really was the Count de Courcy, or till I was convinced he had not carried off any of your property.' 'He has taken every jewel I possess, groaned the Nabob.' ' I know. He met an awful-looking: ruffian at Newtown junotion, and I heard him confide the whole affair to him in French. They sail for Rotterdam to morrow ; it seems they think Dutch dia mond merchants are less suspicious than other people, and that when the setting is broken up they can easily dispose of the stones.' u I'll get them back if I shoot the beggar ? first,' screamed Maitland. e- Well, he and His accomplice are at a, squalid inn in the very lowest part of the town. I don't advise you to go there -'- without at least two strong policemen. I warn you, Lawson is a dangerous fellow.' Henry Lawson, alias the Count de Courcy, slept that night in gaol. The Nabob's jewels were in the custody of the . police, and the Nabob himself, utterly - broken down with his misfortune, leant on Lionel Vernon as though he had been his son. ' You shall marry Doris,' he said to tbe young men before they left Harwich. ' I feel as though I never wished to know any . one with a title again. - And, as to the diamonds, but for you they'd have been utterly lost, so it's only fair your wife should have them.' Tullygoram House is still in the Nabob's , possession, for the old gentleman gave up all idea of parting with it after the terrible disappointment. , The ' Count de Courcy 'was sentenced to seven years' penal servitude. Those hotel coupons and railway tickets were wasted after all, for the Maitlands ? never made that voyage around the world. They stayed at home quietly til? the middle of August, when Doris became Mrs. Lionel Vernon. The general died not long afterwardp, so the young couple live at the Mount ; bat their children are almost as much at home at Tally goram House, where Mr. and Mrs. Maitland are most adoring grandparents. Doris wears the diamond tiara on great occasions, and her father never regrets now thai she cannot also wear a title. He is perfectly satisfied with bis son-in-law, and Mr. and Mrs. Vernon agree privately that nothing could have turned out more luckily f ,r them than ' The Nabob's Advertise- ? ment.' 