THE GEM FINDERS OP -- Arnlieim's Land. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. (CorratonTED.) SYNOPSIS. The prologue introduces the readfer to a convict scene on the Swan River, West Aus tralia, in the year 1812, when one of thef dons (Number Two-ninety -eight), kills Overseer \V,»M aud escapes. Part I. shows the pearl fishing vessel, Lncinds, caught in a cyclone near Canihndge Gulf, North-west Australia, in 1805. Captain l'reston runs the craft into the Gulf I or MieibCli Ullll iUIVUUO « VIIV » 1WU1U. wv. On making a survey of the district, a camp of blacks is seen, and a white man noticed amongst thent, whom tbeyjdetennineto rescue. The attempt fails, but a rug worn by the mysterious stranger is secured. On examina tion there is found concealed in it gold, F radons ftones, and a journal signed Ludwig jeichliardt. The diary is read, and shows that the writer must have undergone great sufferings from hunger and thirst. Three days later the Luanda puts to sea. During the night the Malays mutiny and throw Bar- rows overboard. Tney attack Preston in the cebin, but he shoots four of them, and the others, with the exception of the leader, Ala, leave in the long boat. Going on deck Pres ton is attacked by the Malay and stabbed, but thecaptam kills him and then falls unconscious. Thi now derelict schooner fc sighted by an In- and Vairielgh, whorenurdngtheinjnred man, attempt to steal the gems in the cabin, but are frustrated by Dr. Ren me. When the trading vessel leaves for Melbourne the gems are sent on for sale, while the Luanda, with Preston, remains at Shark Bay. It is found that the two seamen, Elms and r airleigh.have deserted from the merchant vessel, ana they board the Luciuda durine the night to seize the precious stones. Foiled in that, they discover Leick- hardt s diary, and Fairleigu gets .off with it, Kims l»eiug killed by Sergeaut Wills. The former is pursued, but the quest is unsuccess ful. and a few weks later Preston's expedition go to Cambridge Gulf to begin the search for the gems. Iu the vicinity they observe a strange- looking peak, and, exploring it, are greatly mystified with the curious discoveries made. The doings of the escapee, Fairleigh, are now explained. The ruffian is rescued by a >earing vessel named the Bernier, partty owned by Captain Breton, to whom Fairleigh tells his story, and the two decide to fit out an expedition and search for the treasure. This idea is carried into effect, and the Bernier sails for Cambridge Gulf with a party of eight, PART XI. "Have you got a chart of Cambridge Gulf ?" Degraves asked. " Oh 3'cs. I've got the latest obtainable, but it is not very accurate, I suppose, |! Breton replied. The chart was spread out, whilst Fair leigh, Breton, aud Degraves examiucd it. 44 Now which of these rivers will we take?" Fairleigh asked, pointing to the Ord and the Victoria. The argument was long and keen over the point. Fairieigli was in favor of the Ord, whilst his two companions upheld the Vic toria route. Finally, the men ou deck were called down, and the majority being in favor of the Victoria route, it was adopted as the best. Kent, one of the men selected by Degraves, stated that two years pre viously he had been in the Gulf, and made a trip of three or four miles up the Victoria river. lie spoke so highly of it that his recommendation went far to turn the tide of opinion against Fairleigh. They were yet a full leu day's sail from the mouth of the river, so that there was plenty of time for them to change their minds wore they so disposed. The long distance from Shark Bay to Cambridge Gulf was traversed with out mishap, and ou the ICth'of March, the month of the Victoria was sighted. Kent, difficulty was experienced in sailing into the stream. As night fell, anchor was euvt, aud a strict watch kept. The locality had the undeserved reputation of being infested by dangerous blacks, but not tile slightest sign could be detected during the hoars of dark ness to support such an opinion. No gleam of aboriginal camp fire was to ire seen, and the whole district appeared to be a barren solitude, eo far as human presence was con cerned. At daylight all hands were astir and eager to get away. The breeze was scarcely perceptible, but just sufficient to move the schooner lazily. Two boats were put out to tow, and under the in fiuencc of these better progress was made. Although no efforts were spared, not snore than seven miles were covered that day, yet this was nGt disappointing. A heavy tropi cal shower, which must recently have fallen in the ranges, caused ths current to be stronger than nsnal, and this retarded the navigators. No work was done daring the night, except to catch some fish, which were pleuiiful in the river The bnshmen well . knew how acceptable these would be as an article of diet if salted, and a large barrel - was eo treated. On the morning of the \- second day a high peak was observed, bnt as it lay to the north -east, and, conse quently, not on their line of march, Utile notice was taken of It. It was from this peak that lVeston and Barrows had seen the blacks' camp, and ultimately found the white man amongst them. Shortly afternoon on tlie fourth d»y;tfae further pro gress of the Bernier was effectually checked by a waterfall about ten feet in height. A considerable stream of water toppled over's rocky ledge, and formed below a magnificent basin into which t fie spjiooner floated. ' I his seems to be our limit unless wo take to the boats," Fairleigh observed. There was no doubt of this, and it was derided to make < survey of tbe country be yond. Half-a-dozen of the pien landed, and proceeded ahead for some five mijc?. The stream was still fordable, but as it was quite impossible to get the Bernier into the upper reaches, there was nothing fax it but to make the main camp where the schooner lay. It argued in favor ®f taking two boats, and going as far as possible by water, but -as three pack' horses had beCfl brought, the majority thought this "would bg peediess. The boats would have to be abandoned at some point, and perhaps, whilst the owners were away, the blacks would steal them The future course of trevei having thus been agreed on. all hands set themselves to work oil the -20th of March, ISB6, to make the schooner secure (rem floods or abcri \- ginuls. The large basin in which the Bernier Jay form an excellent shelter. It was more than half a mile in diameter, and even ?c times of flood would be a safe haven. A strong cable was secured to the stump of aODcehugetrae, and the craft was allowed to float about fifty feet from the west bank of the. stream Canvas liad been brought from Freniactteto make swings, which secured the' deck and sides from the burning raysof tbe sun which in summer heat down with great fury and jvithin a week ail was suug. t ' ' It wilt be necessary nnw fcr the reader to return in spirit, if not in body, to | the plateau of ' Haunted Peak,' the name which Preston and his companions had tacitly agreed to give the straugc forma tion of granite on which they had seen such remarkable things. As the huge python swept with a loud rustling and hissing into the pass, the party stood iu a state of physical paraiysiB. It was only lor a few moments, however, as Wills, jumping forward to the month of the cutrance, rose his rifle at the monster serpent. The ball buried itself in the back of the reptile, bnt appeared to do it very little injury. It lasbed itself for a moment or two against the rocky sides, and then, with louder hissing, resumed its course. One after another the men fired at the ser pent and every bullet struck it. From its position, none of them took fatal effect, and the only result seemed to be to lash the python into a state of fury. Instead of gliding down it remained almost stationery, as if determined to block the only avenue of escape which the party had. " We innst end this somehow lads," Cap tain Preston said as he busted himself load ing the rifle. Another volley was ponrcd into the pas sage, but it only added to the fearful con tortions of the serpent, and now it became evident that one of the bullets must have broken the reptile's back. In any 'other position this wonld have been a most desir able thing, but in the pass it was very dif ferent. With, a broken back the reptile conld not move fqrward, and it thus blocked the passage." - The <mU|osrible conrse gorge as near as it was safe to go, and try to shoot the huge snake in the head. Unless this were done, they might have to wait a week or a month for the serpent to die, and whilst alive, no human being could pass over it with safety. It must have measured fully thirty feet in length, and its girth was extraordinary even for such a leogth. Each man knew exactly what was required, but for a minute or two none volunteered the dangerous duty. At last Preston said : " I uill go in aud try to get a shot at its head. That is our only chance." Barrows, who was behind the group, ciuie forward at this, an chadded — ' I will follow and hand you another rifle when you discharge yours." This appeared to be a good idea, and it was at once acted on. Going into the pass as far as he thought safe, the captain of the Lucinda tried to get a shot at the monster's head. At first sight this seemed to be easy. The reptile had fully J 5ft. of its head and body upre ared against the side of the great rock, but the bad light and the sinuous movements made it almost impossible to take accurate aim. At last Preston fired, and the result was startling. The bullet struck the face of the rock near the reptile, and, glancing off, carried away a small por. tion of the python's head. Maddened with pain, and doubtless startled by the fire-flash and the tremendous report which rever berated arouud, the gigantic serpent, by a supreme effort, threw itself backward against Preston, turning a complete somersault In doing so. The weight of the python, and tbe force with which it cauie hack, threw the captain heavily backwards, and he Iu turn knocked down Barrows. The latter was not injured, but Preston being more than half stunned, lay under the writhiug mass of the snake powerless to move. Seizing one of the captain's arms, Barrows managed to drag him from under the hideous incubus. The stunned man was covered with the blood which flowed from the reptile, and at first it appeared to the spectators as if lie must be seriously wounded. This was sot so, however, and being taken out on the plateau he soon recovered. The snake, by the -MpjyiBUJVfcy it uiade, only fastened its death. The head was now facing the firing party at the entrance to the passage, and little diiliculty was experienced in riddling the monster's head with bullets. When it was considered safe to pass, the men gingerly stepped along the quivering snake, but they did not breathe with relief until they readied the bottom of the pass. . 4 . . , Every momcut they expected to be con fronted with another monster reptile, and in the place such a contingency was "not to their liking. It was after 4 o'clock when they got to the base of the peak, and &U; agreed to return to the Lucinda for the night. '1 don't feel like doing anything more to day," Preston said. " Ugh ! I can feel that snake yet, I once walked on & 'gator 3 tthen crossing the shallow entrance of a river, but the sensation was nothing to what I have just gone through." ; "I vote we go back," chimed iu Doctor Beanie, " " but I am decidedly of opinion that should come here again to-morrow and complete o:jr survey. There is some thing 6trange about Hits plape, aud if possible wc should find it out." This opinion was shared by all the other members of th<e party, and was acted on. The intervening jungle was soon re-traversed and the Lucinda reached, wheu those left behi.qd were treated to an account of the day's adventures, I am just as glad you left me behind,' Field remarked to the doctor, vrhq narrated to him what had occurred. I Shortly after daylight the following more- 1 zpg a scare was again mane, as is .was knows blacks were in the neighborhood they agreed that, $s before, Dixon and Field should remain to guard the Lucinda, and these were in no way averse to the arrange ment. The jungle was passed on this ocean $op without any mishap, and the foot of the Peak was coop reached. Ou Bonnie's advice it was agreed to begip the work of exploration on the last side. This was the nst accessable aud the peculiar appearances of the vicinity teemed to Indicate that a discovery might be looked for fn that direc tion, more so than in the jpther pjaces. icji iay m me rase pi xne cnn,uui the timber did not qulfce extend tojtherocky wall. This cleared space would pern?i$ the firearm to be used if necessary and that was an important po;qt with the explorer. U the rugged-looking pntfnen'ce were peopled by hidden aboriginal? they might prove dangerous adversaries from the con cealments of the rocks, szd it was essential Jy nppessary that the white .men should Vveid "injury. The fteier.ee o1e Dr. Bennle was an acquisition if sickness or wounds afflicted any" of', tho Jpajiy feu#. £yety: iriao was required for "some doty cr other, and -pond could be spared. If only one met with a serious mishap it sejUd mean the loss of another's services, ' and with tlip few wliich composed the party that wculdbc a serious lessening of strength. ITith tbesc views in th,eir Grinds, it was little wonder ih&t; extreme caution was the policy of all, and in making the venture now in progress Captain JVetfpg » risk. vaa being nub snrfleVSBj After passing if rock, tfeoi getting near the jnnie «;ade a skipper of the Luot .foundings, but careful survey of alarm. The place nothing was seen to g no life existed in the was as silent as if birds or animals neighborhood. Neither could be heard or seen, and tlits fact gave a wierd impression to the surroundings. There must be some poteut cause for it as iu the neighborhood there were numerous birds, and the' ridges half a mile distant swarmed with wallaby. -Of course, .if natives were secreted in the peak they might have scared away other formB of animal life, and the fact strengthened the suspicion formed by the party with the exception of Barrows. He was still under the idea tlic spot was taboo to the blacks, in spite of tykat the captain's telescope li&d; revealed. Moving cautiously along the base of the cliff a jutting point was reached which shut off the eastern slope. It was densely clothed with beautiful creepers anil formed a welcome relief to the bare rocks around. Passing around it, the party came in front of the great cliff, which they were going to explore. On this the rays of the morning sun were streaming in golden splendour, and were reflected hack from the glistening granite in prismatic hues. Every nook and cranny on that ride were lighted up by the penetrating sunbeams, and standing some distance back the members of the party were enabled to see far into deep crevasses. In some instances "these were of peculiar bhapejand, contour, fcijc ell appeared no- dipprba&ialiie; except fey means of ladders and ropes. For several hours the quest was main t&ined;, the party following the course of the sun. At noon they had approached the north- western angle, and at that place the walls rose up sheer in a face of solid granite. Preston was particularly curious about this point, as it was near where he had secu the two aboriginals disappear. As on the pre vious occasion, beredid not seem to be the slightest break in the face, and gradually the seekers passed on. The captain was walking close to the face of the rock in a sort of disappointed mood, when suddenly his eye car.ght something on the face which arrested him at oncc. It appeared as if there was a block of stone fitted in to the huge cliff. Calling to his companions who were a short distance ahead, he stooped and picked up a pieceofstonewlilchlay&thand.; Strikiugthe suspicious place, he was sensible that it gave back a hollow sound, and just as his wondering comrades returned he repeated the stroke. This time there was no mis. taking the fact that an aperture existed. Giving two more vigorous blows, a piece of granite about 2ft. Cin. square fell back, re vealing a dark passage. Jumping to one sidc,Prcston lifted his rifle as if in fear that an attack would be made from within, but it might have been the entrance to a vault so far as such a result followed. All was silent as the grave, but the air which came out was not so fetid as one would expect from such- a place. After a few moments, Rcnnie leaned into the aper ture, and when his eyes became accustomed to the gloom, he said : . - is I can see a faint light a long way back. Had we not better venture iu "Yes, we have got toichcs, and must explore this place. It is somewhat risky, as we may get a spear thrust or two, but I am determined to explore the place," said Preston. Some rough torches had been improvised tho previous night in anticipation of a cavern search, and one of these being lighted it was held into the opening. A couple of feet below was a solid floor of rock, and without hesitation Preston got through the opening and stood on tbe floor. Tlic piece of granite which concealed tlie entrance bad ir.ii, i. J.w-o-4w»a- - gnua -ami- - leaves, evidently put there to prevent it being broken. This was ample confirmation that the place wag used by the blacks as a shelter or retreat. One after the other all five men got iuto the passage, and the blaze of the united torches gave a brilliant, though somewli&t; flickering light, some distance ahead. , . Tbe passage was fully 20 feet high, by a dozen in breadth, and for inorc than 100 feet it ran in a due easterly direction into tlic bill. At the end it branched into several smaller avenues, and seeing & glimmer of light at the eud of one of these, it was followed. Each man kept a rifle ready for instaut action, and as they also carried two pistols and a short sword, they were atraul of nothing save a surprise. Preston, who was leading, was 10 or 12 feet from the doctor, and as the captain of the Luciudu reached the end pf the branching passage he stopped as .quickly as if he saw a ghost, and then retreated two or three paces. Instantly every man had lus rifle to his shoulder, ex pecting an attack, but- it came not. "What is tlie matter ? Rcnnie asked i a hoarse whisper, as Preston turned to liim with a face on which fear was clearly written. "Go and look," was tlic only answer vouchsafed. " Blacks ? " queried the doctor. " Devils, I think," came tlie not re- assuring response. For a few moments Rcnnie thought Ira friend's mind must be unhinged, but a. Barppws came to his ride he took his ami, and the two men went forward. cloK- fnh J lowed by Preston and the others. In such i a dim mysterious place it was not to be I wondered that something akin to awe, if not to fear, should easily seize upon nicn, aud 1 assuredly it had on the exploring party. A the docto f an d Barrows reached the end oi the rocky ledge which shutout their virion from the spot where the gleam of light shone, they beheld one of the moat extra ordiqary sights that had ever crossed theii vision A huge amphitheatre extended round. . giving a floor space of about ' an aero. The \- nuu ' kub vuiiynvv auul which vau.tevl ovc» seemed to fie hung nidi silvery ligi.ts. In foor places a, stream of Bright light sliot through the. roof and threw quite a rauiaucc arouud. from different. parts of the. cireulai \- wail parti-colored reflections tame, showing that the substance of which it was composed must be of yarioos colors nod strata, li. was- not. tills, borever, wnicli caused tli> silcut spectators Je.gaze as if spell bound ai the spectack.-Iielcfe.tliem. - Jt'was magni ficent, bnt the sight which rivet te J the". ' eyes was horrible. From every part of the wall whicli fronted them uncouth and frightful vitagce, half human, half devilish, glared down upon them, and in the queer light, and ' from the glistening stone, it almost seemed as if they were imbued with life. In some places the figures of gigantic animals,,- monstrous 3a their aspect and shape, loomed out of the rode, and the whole place at first sight had the appearance of a super natural Chamber of fioproty, 