A Rained Hut. - - * ,, I A few gray poeta and fallen beams-yet thia wu ono« a home. Ita former tenants all haye fled, are dead, or distant roam. The Bathurst barr arrows there apaoe, for there the eheepMd stood ;' There lies the ash heap, hare some tins-I smsa in thoughtful mood. One wall-plate hangs in mournful way aa loth to part and go ; Ita says, preparing now to fall and join ita mates below. The roof has, like the tenants, gone and orainbled to decay ; The slabs are blent with Mother Earth ; the owners too are olay Sash passing: year the shingles gaye to all the winda of heaven, So Time the owners from their home by Trouble's gale hath driven. Hera hopes grew np and Borrows died ; A&eation; ralrd or Bate ; Here stu-dy pioneers fought hard to ferae the hand of Fate. Borne lonely shepherd built the hat '-soma common, boorish hind ? Some educated dereltot who cast his hopes behind? Som» anxious father built the píaos ? (His children, where are they ? What waa their Bort? Ferohanoe by now they, like the posts, are gray.) The souls that sojourned in that hut, what olass or creed were they T The Potter's Sr,eat handiwork, or very oom mou olay ? The girls-say were they bold and coarse, or gentle and refined 1 The lads-or '. horsy," low, and rough, or olsver, brave, and kind. ' As gentío winds may not their souls levUit with a sigh i And kiss the lintel that they loved in days so lung gone by ? What are they now, and what their fate ? Where ara they ? Itone can lay. The tua declines, the hoar grows late, I ' slowly ride away. ' Hy fanoiea hover still and play like fitful' olinging ghosts Around those beamB and wall-plate gray, around those Mattered posts. Hy airy oaatles, like the hue' are fallen to deoay ; Tot Mem'ry round those ruined walls loves, like the wind, to play. Hy spirit's temple bows to dust, my temple'» thatoh is gray, My windows darkened, and my soul spreads wiugs to haste away. Yet we, whose nestlings are all Hod, praise God in many landa That hu a fadeless home prepares-a " house not built with hands." ~ Queensland«); j 