THE NYMPH OF WOODLANDS. Bv Ethel Austin- Co3ens, Aged 13J yoars. Chapter III.— Again- at Woodlands, Six months have passed since Beryl ran axvay, and Miss Gordon had given up all hopes of ever seeing her again. Not so with the girls. They all expected that she would soon turn up. One day Miss Gordon had to drive to Loudon on business. . She Was hold ing the horses outside a shop in one of the crowded streets, when she caught sigiit of a.scantily clad little girl. She looked again. Yes, she was sure it was Beryl. This time the child raised a pair of blue eyes to Miss Gordon's face. The next moment she was in her arms. "Beryl," said Miss Gordon, when the first excitement was over, and they were driving home, "why did you not come back to me?" "Because everybody- thought I was a tliief," answered Beryl. The girls of Woodlands were sitting under a large tree on the lawn when Miss Gordon drove in at the gates. "Look!" exclaimed Katie Wolcsly, "Miss Gordon has someone with her, a little beggar girl, and, look, she's running towards . us." ' "It's Beryl, the nymph!" screamed Phyllis, and they all ran forward to greet Beryl. Talking and laughing they all took her up to her room, arid helped her to dress. Miss Gordon gave tho girls a holiday that afternoon, in honor of Beryl's return. It seemed to Beryl that her life had begun afresh. She was petted and made much of by everyone, and was in a fair way of being spoilt. Her love of mischief returned, and hardly a day passed without her getting into somo scrape. One night, after all the girls had retired. Miss Gordon was walking down the girls' corridor, when she saw a little figure with a sheet wrapped around her walking slowly in front of her. Miss Gordon followed softly, and saw the apparition go into Beryl's room. Miss Gordon stood at the bedroom door and watched the little ghost take off the sheet and reyeal to her startled eyes — Beryl. Beryl then got into bed, and when Miss Gordon went over to her she was sound asleep. "Poor child," said Miss Gordon, "she walks in her sleep. I must be careful and not let her get too excited in the day time. She is the ghost that Annie and Phyllis saw." On the morrow all the school knew that the ghost Phyllis and Annie saw was Beryl walking in -her sleep. "I am thankful that that little mystery ia CKAireu up no last, -A-lihb vxuiuou icuitiiK- ed to a friend, with a contented sigh. A few weeks later Miss Gordon's sister invited Beryl to stay for a week with her. Miss Gordon gave permission, saying, "Beryl needs a change of air." So one Monday morning she started oil with Mrs. Stansfield. There was a little pony waiting for Beryl in the stable. Beryl was charmed with him, and went for a ride the first day that she was at Rutherford, as Mrs. Stansfield's home was called One day Beryl went into Mrs. Stansfield's study, saving — "Mrs. Stansfield, may I go for a nde on Ferry ?" Mrs. Stansfield looked doubtfully out of the French window. "I think there is going to : be a tliunner storm. Anyhow you may . go, but be back before the storm comes on. "Very well," said Beryl, running out to tlie stable to saddle and bridle Ferry. As she rode out the gate ' she _ saw that Dr. Nicliollas was in the study with Airs. Stans field. „ , "They're talking about me," thought Beryl, as she noticed the doctor was point ing to her. / ' The storm came on before Beryl expected it would. At the .first peal, of thunder Ferry stood still; at the second lie started oft' at a mad gallop. Louder and louder pealed the thunder; faster and faster flew, the maddened pony, till :tlie dusty brown roads were left far behind and green fields and bills were reached: ; ? . At last the pony came: to a sudden halt. Tho shock was so great that it. threw Beryl oil, and for some moments she lay perfectly stunned. Then slie recovered and rose painfully to her feet, but Ferry was no- wnere to ue seen. , . - . - , "Well, I can't-help it,' -she said.- I must try and find my Avay : back? i think this is tnero.nl." - , She turned, up a - road and walked- slowly, on. But after about two. hours' walk, and tlie place began to get more countrified, she knew she had taken the ivrong. road. . 1 It had grown dark; and a tine drizzling rain had succeeded the thunder. I must stay here' all night, t suppose/' : muttered Beryl: "This is tUefinu-th time I have been all alone. i seem a good. hand at that sort of thing." ' / , , , She lay down under a and was soon fast asleep. Next morning she was awak ened bv something lurry . against her face. She started up and nave a 6cream of terror, for' there iri front of her was a great hungry looking dog. She did not notice that a little fat hoy was looking at her with a quizzical expression ifi his biac'k eyes, but fainteu with terror. . ". .. , "Goodness," said the little survey ing lier intently, "it's her. Oh, golly. Calling to his dog lie hurried away, and entered- a pretty little cottage among the "Mother," he: cried' to an elderly person, "she's come again— tho girl with the ycfler hair. .Oh.'jgolly. Ain't it fine." - \- Mrs: . Meadows — for it was she — turned slowly round and looked at her little son. "Explain yourself, Tommy. Of whom are you speaking?" "You know! mother — the girl who lived with Mother Linn last year. Er — er — Bun nell is her name. " "Oh, I remember. Bervl is her name. Where is she/ eh? "Down Under the hedge. She went all dead when;. Bruno, sniffed her. Oh. golly," and with this elegant expression, which was one of little Tommy's characteristics, he led the way. AIi-s. Meadows lifted Beryl in her. strong, motherly ; aims, and bore her to -the house. When Bervl recovered she found herself in Airs. Aleadows's familiar little kitchen. "How did you happen to come here?" asked Airs. Meadows. - Beryl explnincd,'; and' told her the 'village where Airs. Stansfield lived. : Mrs. Meadows shook her head. yo'u'il. have/to live with we a hit till some one calls:. for you ' So. Beryl stayed with tho Meadows. -and gave little Tommy his schooling. She found him very obstinate, nun would very rarely do anything without being brihed; Day by day as Tommy grew fatter. Beryl crew thinner and weaker. At length Airs. Afeadows had to call in a doctor to see her. He was not a clever, man, and Beryl did not improve under his care. She grew rapidly worse and got delirious. Sometimes Airs. Aleadoivs lind to enll a neighbor in' to help hold lier down in her bed. One day little Tommy came in. "There's a doctor staying in tho village, mother, one from London; his nume's Doctor Nicliol- las." ' J ' "I wonder," thought Airs. Areadows, "if lie could do Beryl any good. I'll send for him." " In half an hour's time Dr. Nichollas was in Beryl's room. He gave one glance at the bed. then turned to Airs. Afeadows. "My good woman," said he, "how in the world did you come hy that child? Do you know that her -friends are nearly wild over her disappearance?" Airs. Afeadows explained how Beryl had come to lier. "But why did you not write to nor friends?" . "Lor", sir! never thought of it, answered Hie agitnted woman. "She must he removed to Woodlands very soon," remarked the doctor as lie departed. Bervl did go back to Woodlands, not to he the Nymph of that place, hut to die. In a prettv sheltered corner in the ceme tery is a little grave, with a simple white tombstone at the head. Daily a number of school girls and teachers visit the cemetery and put flowers on the little grave — the grave of "The Nymph of Woodlands." The End. 