LONDON WEEK BY WEEK (By Emily Soldene.) London, July 30, 1897. Upon my word there is no end to our pleasuring. The Jubilee is only just over, and next Monday comes Bank Holiday. Why it’s worse than Syd- ney. * * * * We have got a new disease here, badly too. I expect you will have caught it before this reaches you. It is the Klondike fever. Nothing is talked or thought about but the new gold fields. At the clubs, at the Theatre, at the music ball, on the Stock Exchange, on Regent-street, on Petticoat lane, in the picture galleries, in the “selling off” shops, at a reception, at a garden party, and at home, one subject crops up — Klondike. Your next door neighbor at dinner leans over you, or behind you, to say to the man who took you down, “What a lucky thing you did not sell out mat Yukon tract after all.” * * * * Klondike crops up even in the drawing-room. Everybody knows Jack Four Stars, who let us out of the feeding ground so gracefully. The Hon. E. Jack. The chronically stony broke Jack. The Jack that turned up this season (was it at San- down), with no end of “oof.” Now the secret’s out. He has been to Klondike for a year. Blundered on his broken and despairing way through the Chilcott Pass. “Why, he’s better looking than ever, and all that money too,” sighs Lady Betty Flathead. She was sick for the love of the Hon. Jack when she married Flathead, the American railway man. It’s no secret; everybody knew it. They do say Flathead’s mother was a full blooded Sioux. * * * * It’s quite a romance. When Four Stars came that cropper over the Derby, two years ago, his people sent him out to British Columbia. To Messrs. Inskip and Tait, who have a “big game, shooting, and fishing agency,” at Ashcroft, B.C. They are connections of and “references are per- mitted to” the Rev. O. D. Inskip, and Captain In- skip, of the Orient line, etc. * * * * Well after the big game business, Jack went on the tramp. Up into the awful North-West, and there he struck it. You should hear the tales of bucketsful of gold, buckets and buckets. The tales of people who hid what they found, being unable to get it out of the country. For more than a year this gold harvest has been going on. Fancy, and we did not know it. Why did I not know when I was in ’Frisco in April? Dear me, I could have gone up North-West, and sent you the most interesting copy. * * * * I send you the route from England, and of course you Australian people who get bitten — and mark my wordo, you will — must travel by yon Miowera, ete., to Vancouver. I expect Mr Hudson — and your local Mr. Kendall — will recognise the finger of Providence in this dis- pensation. I begin to believe in the doctrine of compensation. Don’t you remember the misfor- tunes of this line — how the bottoms dropped out, the engines broke down, and the best boats would insist upon resting on rocks, in places where rocks had never been rested on before? * * * * But that’s all over. The director and managers will have nothing to do now but shovel in the “Klondike” gold. * * * * It is advised that intending gold-seekers should not leave England before April. Then Klondike can be reached by June — the opening time of the mining season. * * * * The journey from Liverpool to Vancouver by Allan or Dominion line, and Canadian-Pacific Rail- way, will take from sixteen to twenty days. Then by the North American Transportation Company’s boats from Seattle, via the Straits of San Juan del Fuca, across the Pacific to Dutch Harbor, then through Behring Sea. and Norton Sound to St. Michael’s Island, where a transfer can be made to one of the river steamers belonging to the same company, which journey along the Yukon as far as Fort Cudahy. The remainder of the distance — scarcely fifty miles — must be travelled by land. The cost of the journey from Seattle will amount to £35. * * * * Do you recollect Mr. Farrin, who used to shoot “Lulus” out of the cannon at the Aquarium? Well, he is at Klondike mining, and has located and named many mines. One he has called “Funny Dan,” in compliment to Mr. Leno. Ano- ther is known as the “Daddy Morton,” the mana- ger at the Palace, you know, and among his nominees on the board of directors of the “Bro- thers Griffiths” Land Mining and Development Company he has formed are Mr. A. Roberts, Mr. B. Nathan, Mr. H. Randall, and Mr. H. Hitchens. * * * * Lots of people here are anxious to be sent out to join the Klondike police. They only want their passage paid and an outfit provided, which would, of course, include a complete set of mining im- plements. They do not ask extravagant pay — something about —— Well, if they get sent out they will leave that question to the Canadian Government. * * * * “The Chelsea Adventurers” are a band of twenty young men who are to contribute £100 each to a common fund to start for the gold fields next spring. * * * * The Right Hon. Mr. G. H. Reid will have con- genial company on his way home. I see Mr. Albert Brassey and the Misses May and Lily Brassey sailed by the same steamer, the Majestic, for New York. I suppose they too will be going via Van- couver. Everybody here is very sorry to hear of Lady Brassey’s accident. What a narrow escape for the Hon. Dorothy! * * * * The garden party given at Lambeth Palace by the Archbishop of Canterbury and Mrs. Temple was one of the smartest functions of the season. The Prince and Princess were there. The Princess wore a soft white gown with silver embroideries, and lots of diamonds; a white toque with mauve flowers. * * * * The Duchess of York wore a pale green cos- tume, and a small bonnet of pink roses. Mrs. Temple wore black and white. The Prince of Wales and the Duke of York were both “gotten” up in the same fashion — grey suits, frock coats, tall white hats, white silk neckwear, pink carna- tions. Cardinal Vaughan was much in evidence, and had long talks with most people, notably the ladies. * * * * Do you know, the Cardinal’s presence at the Lambeth function was an event of the greatest im- portance. It is the first time a Roman Catholic dignitary of the highest rank has been seen at Lambeth Palace in the number of years that have elapsed since the Churches of England and Rome ceased to be in communion. * * * * Yesterday I drove down to Ranelagh. It was an off day; but one cannot over-value the peace, the quietness, the repose, and beauty of the place after the dust, heat, and choking of London. Then the tea one gets there is perfectly unapproachable. To be sure, the “Tea on the Terrace” is not bad; but the terrace of the House of Commons is not the lawn at Ranelagh; and there you are. * * * * A sad accident occurred on Tuesday. Lord Kensington, in the polo match, was thrown vio- lently. The result is concussion of the brain. He had not regained consciousness last night, and Ms mother — poor Lady Kensington — was only al- lowed to peep into his room. He is lying in the Club House, and Dr. Hastings, of Albemarle-street (who is the life and soul and one of the formers of the club), told me he was having one of the big drawing-rooms fixed up as a bedroom for the invalid. The doctor looked very grave over the matter — hopes to pull him through. * * * * There was polo yesterday. It was altogether lovely to see the pace they went. It is no longer polo ponies, but polo horses, standing at least 14 hands, and some with long tails. After all, I really think the thing I enjoyed most was when the player missed the ball and said, “Damn.” They all did it, and we could all hear it. * * * * Mr. and Mrs. Whitelaw Reid gave a party to the Prince of Wales the other day. All the pretty women in London were there, and Lady Georgina Curzon sat next the Prince. At the request of H.R.H., Melba sang Tosti’s “Good-bye” quite magnificently. * * * * People have been awfully extravagant this sea- on in the way of music. Melba has appeared at least thirty times at different private houses, and that means money for both parties. Fancy! they say the Prince is going to Marien- bad, instead of Homburg; and people who have taken houses and rooms and hotels to breathe the same air with his Highness are “real mad.” * * * * Just after she first race at Gatwick last Friday H:R.H. met Mrs. Langtry on the lawn, and shak- ing hands with her, congratulated her on winning the Liverpool Cup. The Lily beamed. * * * * The King of Siam is expected in London almost immediately. He seems to have had a good time in Vienna. They say the ladies nearly killed him with kindness; but he found them rather tire- some, because their teeth were not black. * * * * When at Buda Pesth he went into the kitchen of the hotel, and taking up a spoon, tasted all the dishes. His Majesty is to stay at Taplow Court for about three weeks. He is also to pay a visit to Harrow, where one of has sons is being educated. Fancy the sensation among the boys. * * * * Apropos of school and colleges, the jubilee of Brighton College was celebrated on Tuesday af- ternoon, when the prizes were distributed by Mr. Gerald Loder, M.P. In the course of a Latin speech by one of the scholars, it was recalled with pride that Sir Harry Prendergast, V.C., Lieu- tenant-Colonel Hovenden, Sir Herbert Stewart, and Captain Gill, R.E., were old members of the college, as were also Captain Peyton, lately dis- tinguished by a repulse of the Mahdists in the Soudan, and Lieutenant Selous, of the Warren Hastings; whilst Sir Edward Poynter, President of the Royal Academy, and Professor Holland were other old collegians who were ornaments in the walks of peace. * * * * I wonder are you interested in what interests me? Sometimes I think you are, and I feel I should like to tell you that my nephew, aged 13, the son of my sister — pretty Miss Clara Vesey that was, pretty Mrs. Hoffmiester that is — won a £60 scholarship at that same Brighton College last week. * * * * Taplow Court. Mr. Grenfell’s well-known place near Maidenhead, is a stately Tudor manor house of red brick, with cut-stone ornamentations. The interior is admirably arranged, and beautifully de- corated and furnished. The house commands a splendid view of Windsor Castle and the Great Park. There are charming gardens and grounds, and the park of 200 acres, which is bordered by the Thames, is richly wooded. and contains a cele- brated avenue of huge cedars of Lebanon. * * * I am sorry to have to chronicle a dreadful mili- tary disaster. At the Battle of Hangman’s Hill, near Aldershot, on Monday General Barnard’s Rifles had advanced beyond the Ash Rifle Range, and were engaged fighting against the Borderers and part of the Lincoln and Manchester Regiments. His artillery, on Tunnel Hill, was engaged ham- mering General Bengough’s guns on Romping Down. As the invaders had the stronger force, they be- gan to drive Barnard’s men backwards. The in- trepid colonials missing their way, the whole com- pany of New South Wales Mounted Infantry were taken prisoners. * * * I send you a lovely story — a true one. In South American hotels the chambermaids are men, and think nothing of bolting into one’s room, sans cere- monie. A young married English lady remonstrat- ed with the bearded youth who attended her several times, with no effect. At last she said: “Juan, be good enough to understand that I will not allow you to open the door of my room without knock- ing. If you do it again, I shall certainly report you to the management. Why, I might be bathing when you burst in so unexpectedly!” “No danger of that, Senora,” responded Juan with a beaming smile, and in his best English; “before I come in, I always look me through the keyhole first!” * * * Mrs. M. Cowan Griffiths, late of Beauman’s, Syd- ney, gave an “at home” last Tuesday at her pre- sent residence, Castletown-road, West Kensington. A most delightful reunion; all Australian — Aus- tralian youth and beauty, Australian art in every branch; singing, playing, and painting; and I must nor forget New Zealand was there, represented by two charming New Zealand ladies— the Misses Sievwright. The programme was a comprehen- sive one. Beatrice Griffiths was brilliant, she played “Le Carnival,” of Schumann, and the “E Flat Polonaise” of Chopin; Kowalski played the “9th Rhapsodie” of Liszt, also “Berceuse” and “4th Ballade” of Chopin; Muriel Griffiths, who displayed wonderful tone and technique for so young a girl, played “Ballade and Polonaise” of Viextemps; and the three sisters (pianoforte, violin, and ’cello) play- ed trio “Andante” (Scherzo) and Finale of Men delsshon’s “C Minor.” Miss Bertha Rossow, who has much improved, sang the “Spring,” of Cowen, her execution and style being exceedingly good. Miss Sievwright, the Dunedin lady, sang an Italian song, acompanied by Signor Panizza, the accompanist of Melba; Miss Jacomb, of North Shore, “La Sfogata,” sings now, and sings awfully well, too, under the name of Miss Ross Bird. We were all very funny at her expense, and said “Sing, Sweet Bird” — and the Bird did sing very sweetly. She sang Kowalski’s “Twilight of Love.” If I had been consulted in the matter I should have sung that song myself, as being the most appropriate. But I was not. So I sang (and was much ap- preciated), “The Garden of Sleep.” * * * M. Kowalski is engaged for some concerts in France, a round of the watering places, I fancy. At all events, Boulogne, Trouville, etc., was men- tioned. * * * Beatrice played to Wilhelm Ganz the other day. He is, and has been for years, the great piano- forte chum of Patti. She won’t sing at any con- cert if he does not accompany her. Such a pity! He is fat and podgy now, and wears a wig. It is an infliction for me But, no matter, he plays beautifully, and I shut my eyes and listen, remembering the days when he did not wear a wig. * * * * Well, Wilhelm approved of Beatrice, and wrote her a most charming note. He said: “It gives me great pleasure in stating that I consider Miss Beatrice Griffiths a first-rate pianiste, having heard her play several important and difficult pianoforte pieces. She has a firm touch, and plays with great finish and brilliancy. She must be a great acquisition in any good concert. (Signed) Wilhelm Ganz.” * * * * Among the company were Mr., Mrs., and the Misses Ben Levy, Mrs. Pearse, Mrs. and Miss Last, Dr. and Mrs. Schwazbach, Mr. and Mrs. Phil. May, Captain and Mrs. Renwick, Mr. and Mrs. Leedham Crowe, Mrs. Plorencs Roberts, Mrs. G. B. and Miss Simpson, Mrs. Lucas Tooth, etc. * * * * You, of course, know Drury Lane is a “limit- ed.” (Everything is limited nowadays except people’s ideas.) Mr. Arthur Collins, who has a lease from the Duke of Bedford for forty years, is the managing director. Lots of society people are “in it.” The new melodrama is to be very realistic. The river scene is Bowlter’s Lock. (Don’t you remember those nice summer Sun- days, and what a long time it took to get through? But time was no object under the cir- cumstances, was it?) Drury Lane Bowlter’s Lock will have all the “business,” the lock fill- ing, and a little panorama to show the boats go- ing out, launches, skiffs, canoes, and punts, etc. * * * * There is to be an upset, and an exciting rescue. * * * * The “function” scene is to be a reproduction of the Duchess of Devonshire’s ball, and it is al- ready on the tapis that Lady de Grey is trying to arrange with the great ladies to sell their dresses to the theatre management for the show. They do say that even the Royalties will “come in,” and are not at all horrified at the idea. * * * * I suppose they will stop at the dresses; their amiability and devotion to the drama will not lead them to “personally appear” in the cos- tumes. * * * * The hero of the play is an up-to-date Guards- man. I understand he is quite a fetching sort of person, 6ft 4in in his stockings. Oh — and there is to be a scene—the interior of the Lon don Stock Exchange— and the supers are to be real stock jobbers — stony-broke ones. * * * * They- say the committee of “the House” are going to protest against such a sacrilege. I don’t know how true this is. But I am going down to Cowes next week, and shall be in the thick of the mammon makers, and doubtless shall learn more. * * * * I haven’t got the title yet, but here is the cast: — Lord Angus Cameron (a member of the Stock Exchange).............................. Mr. Henry Neville Lady Janet M‘Clintock (his widowed sister) .................... Mrs. John Wood Captain Alex. M‘Clintock........ Mr. Dawson Mill- (her son in Scots Guards)........... ward Marion Hume her compa- nion..................................... Miss Kate Rorke James Hume (Marion’s fa- ther, a stockbroker) .............. Mr. J. B. Gordon Capt Dewar Gray ............................ —— Jack Sadler .......................... Mr. Mayer. Horace Saxonby................... Mr. Ernest Lawford Edgar Trefusis. ...............................—— Dick Beach (a gamekeeper)... Mr. Robb Loraine (a .............................................son of the well- .............................................known actor) Lady Lumley ....................... Miss Mary Brough Lady H. de Vaux.................. Miss Beatrice Lamb Liady Molly Fanshawe ......... Miss Pattie Browne Blanch Rossiter................... Miss Lilian Menelly Mrs. Andrews ..................... Mrs. E. H. Brooke * * * * At the Adelphi, the new piece is also to have a Guardsman in it— but a Guardsman of the Wa- terloo period. The great scene there is to be the Duchess of Richmond’s ball, before the bat- tle. I wonder will they have Major Dobbin and Joe, and Becky and Amelia, and that arch hum- bug (I forget his name) her husband. * * * * Mr. Louis Bradfield will play Mr. Arthur Ro- berts’s original part “In Town,” at the coming revival of that piece at the Garrick. * * * * Mr. George Bernard Shaw, the eminent critic, has his own idea on the maker of musical come- dies, and in the last issue of the “Saturday Review” says: “The author wants to present a loose woman on the stage; and he has not the courage to say what he means, or per- haps he is afraid of the Licenser. So he adopts the subterfuge of the woman of the streets who calls herself, ‘an actress’ when she gets into trou- ble with the police. No musical farce seems to be complete without the introduction of a tra- velling company of ‘Gaiety Girls,’ to whom life is one intolerably long skirt dance. And the odd thing is that actresses and ladies of the chorus, instead of resenting these parts, help the author to identify them with professionally im- proper persons as eagerly as they might, play Magda or Adrienne if anybody would let them. They have scruples about Mrs. Tanqueray, or Regina in ‘Ghosts.’ But represent Paula or Regina as being one of themselves, and they are delighted, and will put on fifty pink silk petti- coats in honor of the happy invention.” * * * * “What are pauses?” the teacher asked the first class in grammar. “Things that grow on cats and dogs,” answer- ed the smallest girl. * * * * Jones — “My wife and I are perfectly happy.” Brown — “Married this week or last?” 