Agricultural Possibilities at Pilliga. (Fi om a correspondent.) At the present time we are Buttering very severely from the effect of the contiuued dry weather. The days are warm, with cool nighta, but there ib no indication of rain. All the graziers in this part of the country are cuttiug scrub to try and relieve the sufferings of their stack, which are dying in all directions from ulieer starvation. Grass there is none, and water is getting scarce everywhere. The water in the Pilliga Lngoon is getting very low, and really not fit for human consumption, though wb arp nnmnelled to drink it. If the drought con tinues for a couple of months longer the conse quences will bo very seriouB indeed, and as yet there is no visible sign of an artesian bore b^ing put down at Pilliga. Carrying or team traffic is almost at a standstill, and everything is going up in price. Chuff is sold at the rate ot J310 per ton, corn 6s per bushel, oats 5s 6d, and a further rise may be expected shortly, as the supply is not sufficient to meet the demand. The supply of flour is at present equal to requirements at the rate of JB17 per ton. This reminds tfne very forcibly of a public meeting which a Mr. Oliver held here some time ago. Mr. Job Sheldon, late M.P., occupied the chair. The object of the meeting was to try and induce the people of this district to become share holders and form a company for the purpose of establishing a flour mill at Narrabri. No doubt the object of the meeting was a very good one, if we only had the wheat producers. But unfortunately we have none of that desirable class of people living iu the neigh bourhood of Pilliga, though we have abundance of good agricultural land. Mr. Oliver opoke at some considerable length on the subject of wheat grow ing in the Riverina districts; and, judging from nis remirKs, ne appears to oe very ittvuuruuiy im pressed with the wheat producing capabilities of the soil in our scrub land. Now, this is a matter which deserves the consideration of our Govern ment and also the people. For here we have thousands of acres of good agricultural land simply going to waste and contributing nothing to the state, but millions of wallabies, which are not only eating the country out of all kinds of vegetation, but are making rapid strides to become a general plague in the near future if they are allowed to increase at the rate they have been doing for the last few years, which means a very seriouB financial lo3B to the state, and we have not a farmer to grow us as much as a potato. How much bettor would it be for tho inhabitants of this and the surround ing districts if we had a few farmers to grow us the necessary agricultural productions conducive to the health and wealth of the people instead of having to depend upon a few Chinamen to grow ub barely nnough cabbage to keep away thescurvey. The general outcry is farming won't pay, and I fail to see how it can principally in the country districts unless the Government offer further inducements adopt railway extention, water conservation and I irrigation schemes, and make liberal concessions to the agriculturists to induce them to settle on tbe land. Under the present system of our land Ibwb a man requires to be a large capitalist before he can venture on che land— therefore the poor farmer haB lot the ghost 'f a chance to make a home for him self and family. In the first plr.ee the price of agricultural laud is too high, by the time a man man selects his plot of land and gets it grubbed, cleared, and enclosed with a rabbit or wallaby proof fence, it will cost him four or five ponnds per acre in heavily timbered country before he gets any re turn for his outlay. This is the individual that de serves the consideration of the Government, and requires a little assistance to help him along the road to prosperity. Because it is the energetic hard working farmer than materially assists to build uo and enhance the value of the state, and it is a well known fact that we must have producers of bread and butter as well as producers of beef and mutton. It is ray opinion that in every district where land is suitable for agriculture a certain portion of it should be reserved for that purpose only, and sub- divided, as requiremente demand, into perpetual leasehold areas fcom 40 to 640 acres or more, and lessee to have the said land for a term of ten years at least rent free on condi tion that he shall clear and cultivate a proportionate amount of his leasehold annually un til the term and conditions are fulfilled. Theu a' small rental could bo imposed. Or when suppose the land was given to them right out on the im provement principle it would be much better than to let it remain in its present state of desolation, a mere nursery for wallabies, rabbits, and all kindB of vermin that will eventually have to be destroyed, which will cost tho couutry an enormous amount of monoy. I think the easiest and cheapest way to contend against the auiinals would be to get the country populated as much and as soon as possible, and encourage tho settlers to destroy these brutes by giving them, aay for instance, one acre of additional land for every one hundred wallabies and rabbits they destroy. If land laws Bimilar to the above ideas wero introduced I am of opinion it would not only be the menus of increasing tho value of tho scrub lands of the State, but would in a great measure relieve tho labour market of a large number of the surplus unemployed. There are hundreds of able bodied men at the present tiina tramping through che couutry looking for employment, who would only be too glad to settle on the land and make comfor table homes it they could only get it en reasonable terms. Yet, it appears as if they were either entirely overlooked or absolutely for gotten. From tho little practical experience I have had in agricultural pursuits I am convinced that wo have plenty of l*nd in this district that will grow almost anytbiug in favourable seasons. On ope occasion I saw »? crop of fhe acres of oats grown on the Baradine Creek in til's district about thirty miles from here, which inensured from 4fc. 6 inches to 7ft. in height, and as thick as it could grow. I have a' so seen crops of wheat, com,* potatoes, pumpkins, melons, aud all kinds of vege tables fjrown to perfection; the land was improved by a light sprinkling of sheep manure only. In the latter end of the dry season of 1877 I saw a very superior crop of white lammas wheat (for quality) grown on the same land which was sold to the farmers at Coonabarabran for twelve shillings and sixpence per bushel ; it waa lightly sown : one bushel of seed to the acre ; the crop averagod 12 bushels to the acre. I give the above illustrations merely to show what our laud is capable of pro ducing under ordinary circumstances, aud what might be the results if we had good sound systems of water conservation and irrigation schemes prac tically in use throughout level country like thiB, with numerous creeks running through it, which, if dammed across by over-shot dams or otherwiao, or fed by artesian wells would conserve sufficient water for irrigation purposes, for several miles along their banks, and the pastoral and agricul tural pursuits of New South WaleB would be in a more flourishing state of existence, and the suffer ings of both man and beaBt would not only be alleviated to a very great extent, but many calamities and heavy losses would bo averted, which the country has to eudure ia times of drought. At tho present time, when stock are perishing in all directions from starvation and thirst, it should he quite sufficient to impress upon the minds' of our paacoralists the necessity of grass and water conservation, aud not to trm.t wholly and Bolely to Providenc', butpay a little more attention to that venerableold dame, Nature. She isa very clever old lady and works some very wonderful things in her own way, and no doubt provides sufficient in good seasons to tide over the bad oueB, if man would only take care of it when he gets it. But, unfortunately, he don't do tbat. When he has full and plenty, and hia. stock are all fat, he aits down in his easy ohair and smiles to himself with an air of contentment, and, for the time being, forgets the future, and actually ignores the gentle breeza that is whistling the doleful iune of another drought in his ears. There he pits in Bpito of all warning, and to all appearances as deaf as a pout, as blind as a bat, and aB stupid as nn old owl, until his beautiful grass is all gone and his stock are in a state of privation. Then our old friend in the easy chair begins to get grumpy, pcratches his head, marches up and down, kicks tho cat, and and, finally curses tho ill-fortune that ho has iu a . great measure brought on himself by letting his beautiful grass go to waste, instead of storing some of it up for tbe future. In' good seaeons there is generally a superabundant supply of all kinds of grasses, which has only a certain time to live — it growc up, comes to maturity, then dies off, and is eventually blown away with the wind, until noth ing is left but the bare ground, then the stock must either be sold, boiled down, or left to [leiiah, which should be at tbe preaent time fattening on the very grasses that have long since disappeared from the face of the earth. Now that a great change is tak ing place and the land is getting cut up in Bmall holdings, every occupant will have to work energetically and systematically to manago his holding so as to make it pay to the very best advantage, ani to do this it will be necessary for him to conserve as much graas and water as ho posaibly can in good seasons, so that be will have something to fe.ed his stick with when the dry ones come. — May 25. 