The Peninsula. . R.W.S.) I write to-night from Carnarvon—the Port Arthur of old, which was described by one of our Governors as having " been designed by God for a prison." I don't tarry to question the accuracy of the statement furtherthan to say that I hardly think the Almighty - ever designed the competitive system, and haying fixed upon one site—the exact latitude and longitude of which is less accurately described than is its climate—He would hardly fix op another place of torment here. The drive bom Norfolk Bay (Taranna,. as it is now called) is~a very lovely one, but tbe road is fast falling into disrepair, and is likely to get from bad to worse if the Boad Trust is burdened with the responsibility of its maintenance. The roadsteads from the Port to Carnarvon, and is of very little use to the settlers. In fact, it is a tourists' road, and should be treated like, the road -to the Lakes, and -jiot-made a burden upon the whole district. ' - The glories of Port Arthur—such as they were—^mve^passed'a^ray. - TtiG big buildings are falling. dOwn,vaad' the little onbs -are tenantleEs.. To-night there is a deadly still : mess in the air, a subdued moan in the wind which'comes across Isle de Mort -to rattle among the old corridors and pass away in. tbe sigh of Ihe'oak trees. .There is an absolute silence, and the moonlight furnishes fantastic shadows beneath the trees—a scene in which we might expect chained ghosts to figure and the crack of the ghostly " cat " to sound. Port Arthur itself is a shadow of its former greatness and its former cruelty. • I lectured this evening in the Town Hall, a modernised adaptation of one of the old Imperial- buildings that was partially destroyed by fire. "Not excepting OaUands, this is the-finest provincial Town Hall in the colonies. It comprises lecture hall, very, large assembly hall (with retiring rooms), -Council Chamber, and gymnasium. It has a massive appearance, and in its toner is to he placed the old prison clock. The Superintendent of Police (Mr Ballanie) is an old Northerner, having "been stationed at George Town some years ago. I can see nothing ahead of Carnarvon. It is a lovely spot, and plenty of first-class fishing is to be had, as'-well as fruit in abundance, but it'ie at the rvery -end of the Peninsula, and, therefore, too far away from the markets to prosper. I had a look at the old Penitentiary—now fast falling into decay—and the rains of (he Model Prison. The hospital is now the properly of the Archbishop of Hobart, and the Commandant's quarters are known to-day as tiie Carnarvon Hotel; The township, for such it was, Is a ruin, and I am more than ever convinced that it was unwise to break np the penal establishment in 1877. . I had abundant hospitality from Mr Wellaxd, a member of the Road Trust, and was courteoudy receivedhy the member for the.districl. Mr Blackwood (chairman of the Town Board), and Superintendent Ballanie. On my'way here 1 called at Mr Price's pottery, & quarter of a mile from the' town.' Sis dcain pipes, terra- cotta, and other iware •are superior to anything of the .kind I" have seen in Tasmania, and deserve far greater publicity, than they get, To-morrow I hoist- the Blae Peter and start homewards, going via the Neck, Wedge Say, Saltwater, and Koonya, and some of the old-time Incidents upon which I have "gleaned information most wait for a more convenient season. March 31. 