CONGREGATIONAL UNION. THE ANNUAL MEETINGS. The annual meetings of the Congregational Union and Home Mission were continued on Wednesday at the Stow guildroom, when there was a large attendance. The opening devotional service was led by tbe Rev. F. W_ Cox. Tbe Rev. W. Penry Jones (chair man) took chugs of the council meeting, which commenced at II o'clock. It was resolved that fraternal greetings be sent to the Congregational Union of West Australia, which commences its session next week. . Dr. Jeffekis read a paper on "The organic onion of our churches." He. said at the present time Congregatum&lism; did not appear to bo in harmony with the spirit of tbe age. This might or might not be a matter for congratula tion. Even in democratic Australia the church which gave most power to its clergy was generally the most popular. Fifty years ago Congregationalism seemed to weild a greater power than at present; then individualism was the dominant note of society, now organisation was the greatest force. The true philosophy of Christian life did not lie with either individualism or col lectivism—it was the golden mean which utilised the best forces of both. Tbe New Testament did not enforce or teach any speciSo form of church government; the Early Church was a> great brotherhood, and it was democratic, but not it was "cribbed, cabined, or confined." The various Christian churches of to-day comprised four classes—Antocracy. Episcopacy, Presbyterianism, and Congrega tionalism. He bold that Congregationalism needed to advance in the direction of organisa tion. The cardinal principle of their policy was— L That every self-supporting fellowship of Christian was a church of the laving God. 2. That the New Testament was the sole text book of Christian teaching. 3. That every church has the right to determine its own members and to elect its own minister, and i. That every cburcb should administer its own discipline. These principles did not hinder the separate churches from entering into union wich others. There should be a brother hood of churches just as there was of Christian i souls. The union that already existed had [ given evidence of power and had assisted in bringing about some valuable reforms in State and Church and bad been influential in tbe overthrow of abases. Combination was re quired for the work at home, and was more emphatically necessary for the mission work in heathen lands. In matters of education they also needed united action. Why should they be compelled to send tbeir children to the schools of other denominations? They had not yet founded a Congregational college. Toia should have been done 50 years ago. They ought also to | have a training college, for ministers. I The duty of making suitable provision for tbe maintenance of the aged ministers could onl) be adequately discharged by means of organic union. lie pleaded for a federal union of tbeir churches, which should be created by enlarging the functions of the present Union. By this means local interest would remain untouched, while the general interest of the denomination would be secured. When they got this unity there would ba no polity in Christendom so much in harmony with the spirit of the age as the Congregational Union. Only once in history bad Congregationalism had tbe oppor tunity of doing anything on a large scale, and oa that occasion ie made New England and moulded the religious life of the United States. The Rev. J. C. Kibbt said he was not a strong advocate of cohesive- onion. There was such a thing as idolatry of numbers. He thought that nobody bad wielded a greater power in moulding the political institutions of the Australian colonies than tbeir own church. He wae of opinion tnat Dr. Jefferis'a proposi tions would lead them in tbe direction of Presbyterianism. There might be some disad vantage connected with the present system, but if they would have freedom they must pay the cost and undertake the liabilities of freedom. The Rev. T. Hope spoke iv term* of appre ciation of tbe paper read by Dr. Jefferia. Tbe Rev. 3. Kobebtsos thought that while they stood for freedom it might be necessary to sacrifice some amount of freedom for tbe sake of enlarging their power of exercising the freedom whica was Jail them. The Rev. J. Chafxas, of Fort Pirie, was disappointed that no scheme had been evolved for oonsumating toe union advocated. The Rev. G. Katskb said there was a danger in connection, with training ministers of eon eating them beyond their brains. It was quite as possible to over-develop tbe mind as it was to over-develop the body. He was of opinion that there was too great a desire to get into harmony with tbe tendencies of the age. Almost every department of human progress owed its greatest victories to men and societies who have opposed the tendencies of their own age. The Rev. J. W. Plait said they had heard a great deal about liberty—he wanted to know where it was and what was being done with H? He would rather see a church of 600 me mbers who-were intellectually strong than one of SO; 000 members who were intellectual cowards. There was too much talk about what the fathers had done for them ; it was time they let the fathers go and thought for themselves. He urged that every man who stood up in a Congregational pulpit should be free to tesak:; what his heart, conscience, and intellect told him was the truth. They should stand for scienco and intellectual depth. The Rev. F. W. Cox also spoke. Dr. jErvEKis, who waa cordially thanked for his paper, said in reply that the intellec tual fiaedom for which Mr. Plan had con tended should be extended to tbe layman as well as the ministers. It would be monstrous if they allowed ministers to teach dootrinea thattbair congregations dissented from. He wanted to say to Mr. Kirby that his speech had led him to the conclusion that be was an anti- federalist both in Church and State. He had not advocated coheaiw jurisdiction. The sole aim of his paper had been to appeal for a combination which would secure and not sacri fice liberty. At the afternoon session tbe Rev. W. P. Jonta again presided. The Rev. J. Lloyd, president-elect, thanked tbe Union in a graceful speech for the honor they bad conferred on him in appointing him to tbe office. ' Tbe Key. 3. Lestw contributed a paper on ** Public worship." He said the term worship' Came to them from the past loaded with a sense of cruelty and intolerance, as well as with some of the holiest aspirations of the tinman heart. Worship was not merely praise and fellowship, but consisted of the spirit which made prayer and praise holy. Often it was silent in its highest form. There was a form of worship which all offered to some object or beioir; but tho worship of wliicb bespoke was the 'adoration of the spirit centred on the Living God, and was a duty and sometimes a delight. He deprecated the flippant, irreverent way in which some peopkt conducted them selves in church before and after tbe service. The present tropd was towards the human element in worship; but he objected to the use of such terms as "sky piloting" and "other warldlisW" 'There was a tendency to be content if the public worship satisfied human needs, and they were confronted with the danger that their services should become little more than entertainments. He held that they might learn wmo valuable lessons from the Anglican Church in tha matter of worship. There a more reverent spirit pervaded the service than was found in their own church. Tbe Rev. G. R-vrsKa thought that tbe paper cast an aspersion on Congregational worship. He held that it was a healthy sign that there was a tendency to go into the presence of God in a perfectly natural manner. l>r. Jeifona. tbe Key. T. Kite, the Rev. C. ManChorpf, and others took put in the dis cussion. Mr. Lentqx was warmly thanked, and in reply said he had no intention or desire to cast any aspersion on tbeir own services. Mr. J. J. Vibgo introduced a discussion on "The perils and safeguards of youth." He regarded the perils as consisting of a super cilious apathy to spiritual things which was indicated in persistent absence from public I worship. There was also the peril which at- | tended reading wben unhealthy literature was : resorted to; then followed scepticism, and j this was especially deadly when it was intro- j Uuced into popular religious instruction. One I painful element of peril was tha patrolling of ! r the streets late at night by young girls and I > boys. Although the public conscience was I * being awakened in regard to the sub-; ' ject of (rambling, this utill formed one; |' of the most deadly perils to the young, j I i Turning to the safeguards of youth the speaker I 1 considered that these could be best secured by ' I proper parental training, by suitable efforts on c I the part of the church, by efficient Sunday *l school teaching, by united action on the part of religions organisations for tbe suppression "! of the means which make some of the perils 6! possible. He deprecated going to the Govern ~ ment. with petitions which they knew would \ not bo acceeded to. But he could see no reason ' why the Church of Jesus Christ should not > unite in such power as to enforce their de " ? m.inds. A discussion followed and Air. Virgo f , was thanked for bis paper. £ PUBLIC MEETING. ' I There waa a large attendance at the Stow Church on tbe occasion of the evening session. _, The chairman of the Union presided, and the meeting was devoted to short speeches. After ' tbe annual report had been reid by the Rev. J T. Hop*; the Rev. G. Rayxkk spoke on " Con- T gregaiionaliam." He said although they were * all agreed that there ought to be continual I progress they were confronted by people A i who told them that tbe denomination was d losing ground, power, and acumen. The ques tion naturally arose, how was tho beat progress to be obtained? Some there were who told _ them they needed to organise more efficiently. J Others bade them look for loyally endowed men r.: —menwho could manipulate tho machinery they ?? | already possessed to the best advantage. Another class of critics taueht that all the \- difficulties arosefromtheclassdistinctionaof the rich and poor—tbe lettered and the unlearned. Ha deprecated cla? prejudice. Ho held that a noble man was of more value than a noble poem or picture, no matter to what claw he belonged. He thought that the supreme need of the church was the baptism of the Holy Ghost. He did 'not mean by this a mere ripple, but an abiding flood. They must not bo blinded to the fact that men may be taken np and swept forward by the mighty energy of the spirit of God. The Holy Spirit was able to fill every member of every church connected with the denomination. If they had a spacious, magnificent nature filled with the Holy Ghost then would be splendid results. A poet cannot inspire him self. He sometimes waits helplessly for hours, days, maybe months, but by-and-by the afflatus descends upon him, and while satu rated with it he pens coiden lines which be- I come the joy of a nation. The Christian man was equally helpless nntil tba energy of God j tilled him with Divine passion. He held that not only did they require progress in the: church, but they wanted joy. There was too j much pessimism at present. Tber had many j species of it. There was the pessimism of i Prometheus chained to his rock and that of j the modern connoisseur cutting the pages of I his catalogue. This should be displaced by the joy that the indwelling presence of the Spirit would give. The Rev. J. Rossrasos dealt with the power of sentiment. He said that thechurch and the world owed more than could be estimated to the formative power of a sentiment. John Raskin had spoken eloquently of this power, and Macaulay had made this the motive impel ling the heroes of his great poem "The Defence of tho?ridge." Those three noble men were held to their heroio conduct by the sentiment they cherished concerning the "ashes of their fathers and thetempieaof their gods." He was glad that pablio sentiment was being awakened to the importance of good citizenship. The Church was the best safeguard of the home and the State. Filial affection and love of country depended upon devotion to God, and could only bo en sured and regulated in correct proportion by fidelity to that devotion. He held that they were in the habit of spending proportions of their incomes on enjoyment and indulgence altogether out of proportion to the amount they spent on tho Church of God. He wanted, if possible, to stimulate their ceal for the church, and country, and home. The old time hero had asked, "How can a man die better than facing fearful-odds for die ashes of his fatben and the temples of his gods." But he wanted to ask how can a man live better than by devoting himself to God. and man, and country. During the evening Mr. Doter nog "Com fort ye" (Handel); MissJ. Syme, "Eternal reef (Perolomoma), and Miss Gluyas took the solo parts in the anthem "Who dwelleth be- I neath the shadow of the Almighty" (Martin). Tho chorus "The glory of the lord" (Handel), was rendered by the choir, the singing throughout being splendid. Mr. Shakespeare presided at th? organ, displaying his cus tomary artistic taste. 