Some Curious Wills. There is an entertaining article in "The National Observer" on curious wills, and the writer gives a few instances. Thus, Henry Earl of Stafford inserted 'lie following in his testamentary disposi tion: ' I give to the worst cf women, who it guilty of all ills—the dau, Mer of Mr Grammont, a Frenchman—wh.: i I have unfortunately married, five and fi. 'y brass half-pence, which will buy her a pu .l . it for J her supper—a greater sum than her f .thor can otten make over to her—for I have known when he had neither money nor oredit for Buch a purchase, he being the worst of men and his wife the worst of women. Had I known their characters I had never married their daughter nor made myself unhappy.' Another gentleman be queathed to the partner of his joys and sorrows his 'bitter contempt for her in famous conduct, and nothiug- more,' and the notorious Colonel Nash ordnred that an annuity of £50 should be paid to tlw boil ringers of Bath Abbey on the condition that thoy muffled the clappers of the bells and rang them dolefully for 12 hours on each anniversary of iiis wedding day. The following words were used by a nobleman who died in London in June, 1791, and whoBe descendants still remain : " Seeing that I have had the misfortuue to be marriad to the aforesaid Elizabeth, who, ever since our union, has tormented me in every possible way •. that, not content with making game of all my remonstrances, she has done ' all she could to render my life miserable: that heaven soems to have sent her into the world only to drive mo out of it; that the strength of Samson, the geniuB of Homer, the prudence of Augustus, the skill of Pyr. thus, the patience of Job, the philosophy of Socrates, the subteltly of Hannibal, the vigilance of Hermogenes would not suffice to Bubdue the perversity of her character, that no power on earth can chango her, see ing we have lived aparc during the last eight years, and that the only result has been the ruin of my son, whom she has corrupted and estranged from mo. Weighiug maturely and seriously all these circumstances, I havo bequeathed and I bequeath to my said wife Elizabeth the Bum of. one shilling, to bo paid unto her within six months after my decease." The uncertainties and disappointments of life, the insincerity of friends and the slights of the world have often so worked on men's minds as to oaase them in their wills to set forth their estimates of earthly things, and so to enlighten posterity by revealing to it the last impressions of a cynic or a philosopher, Thus Phillip, fifth Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, who lived in the first half of the seventeenth century, gave the following curious directions in his will: " I give my body to Mother Earth, Even if I would I could not keep it, for it is plain the chirurgeons are tearing it to pieoes Bury me, therefore. I hold churches and lands enough for that. Item : I will have no monument, for then I must needs have verses over my carcase; during my life I had enough of these. Rem: I give my two best saddle horses to tho Earl of Denbigh, whose legs mothinks must soon be gin to fail him. As regards my other cattle, I bequeath them to Lord Fairfax, that when Oromwell takes away his commission he may still have horse to command. Item: I give all my wild beasts to the Earl of Salisbury, being very fare that he will preserve them, seeing that ihe refused the King a doe out of his park. Item: I give nothing to my Lord Saye, and I do make him this legacy will* ingly, beoause t know that he will faithfully distribute it unto the [poor. Item : Saoiug that I did menaoe a certain Henry Mildmay but did not thrash him, I do leave the sum of fifty pouuds sterling to the lacquey that shall pay unto him my debt. Item : I give to the Lieutenant-.G-eneral Oromwell one of my words, which he must want, seeing that he has never kept any of his own. Item : I give to the wealthy oitizens of London, and likewise to the Presbyljeriaus and nobility, notice to look to their s^ins. Item: I give. —up tho ghost." Another testament in cue same straiu was that of Mr. Edward Wortley Moutagu, sou of the famous Lady Mary of that name. Among celebrated bequests of his was an insignificant sum of money to a relative, a noble earl, with the remark : <' I do not give bis lordship any further pq,rt of my property beoause the best part of that he has taken already." He also left to Sir Robert Walpole his " politioql opinions, never doubting he oan well turn tbern into cash, who has always found such an excellent market foy his own." Some wills have been arrogant, as when 1 Turner directed his body to be interred in Westminster Abbey; some satirioal, as when Swift left the bulk of his fortune to found an Irish Lunatio Asylum ; some fan tastic, as when a Scottish gentleman left eaoh of his two. daughters their weight in £l-noteB (one turned the soale at £57>0Q0, and the other at £51,000); some brief and business-like, as when Arlcwrighfc (the in ventor), dying in 1792, said simply, "I bequeath to my son-in-law, Sir R. Wigrame one million sterling" ; some patriotic, aB when Sir Oharles Hastings direoted his body to be buried without a cofifiu and the place planted with acorns, that he might render a last service to his country by giv< ing nourishment to some good English oaks ; and some scientific, if gruesome, as when Jeremy Bentham bequeathed his body to a hospital, with iastruotions that bis skeleton should be prepared and oleaned, and his head preserved entire, and that he should, when thus treated, preside at the meetings of the hospital direotora. Auotion sale of horseB, oattlo, faming implemeiits, etc., at Mr. G Nash, jar's, residence, Emu Plains, on 18th November. The Premier promised a deputation of members of Parliament and Aldermen -on Thursday,, that he wonld give tho Muni cipalities A special grant of half>a*orown in the £. | " This morning the doctor ordered me to dtink warja water an hour before every meal; and here I've been drinking for the last forty minutoB, but I'll be jiggered if I oftn mttow Another drop." 