The tug of war is every day becoming mom intensified oo the classic scenes of the Iliarl of Homor, those countries of 'chivalry, history, and fable' as Byron, who- took an active part in tho Greek rising in 1823, ex presBes it. Both sides are displaying a spirit . of ferocity which has been inherited on the side of the subject race from centuries of tyranny and oppression, and which hasulwnys been characteristic of (he cruel Turk. The resources of the smaller Power come lament ably short of the Moslems,' but the spirit with which the Greeks are inspired, the un qaenched longing for independence, though cruBhed from time to time in repeated revolu tions, ever springing green and exultant in the breasts of the people, urges them ever forward od the path of emancipation, un dismayed by the desolation of paot battles and the despair of nges. All the efforts of the interfering Powers are of no avail in pitching up the bitter quarrel between these two races. And but for the cost of this terrible uprising, with 'fire and desola tion carried through the whole country in which the hostile forces are engaged, spread ing like wild fire to God knows where until the whole of Europe is in u blaze, the senti ment of most people who have that chprished love of freedom which is at the root of all liberty in the world, leans to the cause of the oppressed, and causes them to wish God speed to the Greek, whose qu.-irrel baing just leaves him thrice armed and must ultimately enable him on to victory. But when we read of the neighbour ing countries beginning to take eides and the arming of wild races, who are only beut on ripine and bloodshed, with no high aspira tions in the cause of liberty, we cannot but view with borrorthe occurrence of such scene?, and fervently pray to be delivered from 11 battle and murder and sudden death.' The art of war is essentially that of destruction, and it is impossible that therecan be a mild and merciful way of a man murdering his fellow creatures. Soldiers, as men, are often humane, but war must ever be cruel. When pillage, robbery, and murder are the sinews of war, as they essentially are in this cruel conflict, it is not hard to conceive what must happen in every siege. Towns are laid in ashes, and the cooquered people given up to the tender mercies of the enraged and licentious soldiery. All that we can hope is that the cause of right shall prevail, and that the yoke of the relent less Turks may be removed from the necks of the Christian races which they have borne for centuries, and that the world may see as pictured in those lines of Byron in his Ode to Napoleon Bonaparte, The Desolator desolate ! The victor overthrown ! The Arbiter »f others' fate A suppliant for Imb own ! The session of Parliament, wh'ch commenced yesterday, is one which iB certain to attract a deal of public attention, not so much because of the nature of the work in which members will be asked to engage, as of its possibilities, in the absence of the Premier in England, in the direction of hastening on pnother general election. It is veil known that Mr. lleirt was particularly anxious to close the doors of Parliament altogether during his absence from the colony, and -t was only after inrru bers had been soundbd on the question and the probability of trouble arising by the adoption of such an arbitrary course of procedure made pretty clear that the Premier at last reluctantly abandoned the idea in favor of opening Parliament and confining its work to purely non contentious legislation. One glanco through the list of measures embraced in the Governor's speech 13 sufficient to show that the Premier intends to run no risks. They are all notoriously of a non pirty character. With two or three ex ceptions they are also not of a particularly urgent nature. This latter is a feature very much in favor of the Premier's plans, because it permits of the easy dropping of any measure likely to endanger the safety of the Govtrnment without exciting any large amount of undesirable public, criticism. In thus providing for his own political safely and the safety of those associated with him, 11 r. ReiJ cannot be blamed, because after ull the science of politics, or New South Wales politics at any rate, depends in a great rneaBiire upon the ability of the ' ins ' to keep the 'outs ' from migrating to their side of the House for as long a time as pos sible. It would be especially inconvenient 'in the present instance if any complications should arise to disturb Mr. Reid's occupancy of the Treasury benches, at any rate until after the record reign celebrations, as New South Wales loyalty being represented at such a fuoction by anybody -other than the bead of our Government would bs as incomplete as the production of ' Hamlet ' ?without the ghost. Although the programme outlined for the present session is ?what may be termed a fairly 'safe' one, it must not be forgotten that political crises jn«t as often as not arise from causes other than those coming within the scope of the Governor's 6peech, nod seeing that not a few members of the labour party are evincing a rather shifty tendency of late, in common with a certain section of the Freetrade party, the Government are by no means oat of the wood yet. On the principle that ' every, thing is fair in love and war,' the Opposition ?tnsiy be relied upon not to miss any chances 4f ouiting them, ftsau appeal to the country 1 in the absence of such a formidable cam paigner as Mr. II iiil would bs a slice of good fortune for them which they would certainly make the most of. Howover, we shall see what we shall see. In the meantime it is satisfactory to know that the first measure to be dealt with is the Constitution Bill. New South Wales was woefully behindhand in dealing with the Fcdoral Enabling Bill, and for thifl reason, if for no other, the expeditious treatment of the Adelaide Convention Bill is particularly gratifying, and providing it ib dealt with in a broad, liberal spirit, as we hope mid believeit will lie, the action of this colony cannot but have a good effect in stimulating the federal movement in the other colonies and bringing it a step nearer realisation. 