CUR EFiTNT' TOPICS, a---- Struck Out.-Both of the two cases listed fo'r to- day's sitting of the Su- preme Court in its £100 jurisdiction having been withdrawn there will be no court. Inward English Mails.-The mails dated April 16 ex R.M.S. Victoria were delivered in Melbourne yesterday after noon. The Tasmanian portion will arrive here per s. Pateena on Fri- day. Travellers.-Mr. Justice Adams ar- rived from Hobart by the express train yesterday. The hon. Adye Douglas, M.L.C., arrived from Melbourne, and left for the capital by the 3 p.m. ex- press. Interruption of Lines.-The following telegraph lines were interrupted yes- terday:-Montagu, beyond Stanley, since 8.30 p.m. on the 16th; Fingal, beyond St. Mary's, since 9 a.m., but communication was restored as far as Weldborough. Marine Board Election.-The polling for the election of a Warden of the Marine Board to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of ex-Master War- den M'Kenzie takes place to-morrow. The candidates nominated are Messrs. Thomas Gunn and Steel Trail. A con- siderable amount of quiet canvassing is being done. A Crushed Finger.-A little girl named Baker, residing with her parents in Bathurst-street, met with a painfuI accident on Monday. She was shutting a gate when the middle finger of her left hand was jammed, the top being so severely crushed that it had to be amputated by Dr. J. T. Wilson. The sufferer is now doing well. City Conncil.--An adjourned meeting of the City Council will be held at 4 n.m. to-day to select a caretaker for the Museum and Art Gallery from the 88 applications sent in. Some of the Aldermen spent a considerable time yesterday perusing the applications and also the voluminous testimonials ac- companying many of them. A Tasmanian in Edinburgh.—By a letter received last mail we hear that Mr. R. S. B. Murphy, son of Dr. R. W. Murphy, of Charles-street, and a student at the University of Edin- burgh, has just passed his first year's medical examination. Mr. Murphy especially distinguished himself in chemistry and physics, and was compli- mented by the examiners thereon. A Fire Averted.-An eight-roomed tenement at the corner of Brisbane and Bourke streets was discovered to be on fire shortly after three o'clock yester day morning. An alarm was rung, and the Fire Brigade, under the command of Superintendent Bennell, was quickly on the scene, and succeeded in extin guishing the flames before much damage was done. The building be longs to Urquhart's estate, and has been unoccupied for some time. A Broken Arm.-Upon arrival of the 6.40 p.m. train from Deloraine yes terday a lad named Morris Crowden, aged nine years, was admitted to the General Hospital suffering from a compound fracture of the fore part of one of his arms. It appears that he was playing with some other boys at West Meander yesterday morning, and fell off a log, causing the injuries des cribed. The injured arm was dressed by the house surgeon, and the lad is progressing favourably. Tamar-street Bridge.-Our Hobart correspondent telegraphed last night: In connection with the new Tamar street bridge, it is proposed to erect four cast iron panels, two at each end of the bridge. Tabllets will bear the following inscription:-"Tamar-street bridge, erected 1896-97. A. T. Pillinger, Minister of Lands; J. Fincham, de- signer; P. M'Crackan, Mayor; and Bogle and Scott, contractors." On the other side there will be reference to the record reign. Police Court.-Messrs. E. Whitfeld, P.M., and F. D. Ritchie, J.P., adjudi- cated at this court yesterday morn- ing. A young man was charged with having on the night of the 4th inst. driven a vehicle along the George Town road without having a light at- tached to it. He pleaded not guilty. After hearing evidence the charge was considered proven, and he was fined 5s and costs.-Two persons for a like offence were similarly dealt with. A Launceston Architect's Success.— Word has been received of a rather notable success achieved in South Africa by Mr. W. H. Dunning (late of Dunning and North, architects), who left Tasmania some time back to pur- sue his profession in the Transvnal. It seems that competitive designs were invited for a Town HIall at Johannes- burg. Mr. Dunning was among those who sent in plans, and, more than this, the ex- Launcestonian gained first hrnours, and with it superintendence of the work, which is estimated to cost £x20,000. Garrison Parade.-Last evening the final garrison parade in connection with the Queen's Birthday manoeuvres to be held on Monday was held, and was very successful. There was a good muster of all ranks, anld the offi- cers in command were-Majors G. T. Collins, WM. Martin, Captains S. E. Harrap, A. Kirkland, G. Gould, Lieu- tenants Perceval (adjutant), W. Croft, Chapman, J. Kildea, and Heritage. Two companies of the Artillery and Rifle Regiment, Rifle Cadets, High School and Church Grammar School Cadets, were on parade. They were exercised in forming a square from line and column, advanced to review order, and finally practised the "feude- joie." W.C.T.U.-Yesterday afternon the monthly meeting of the Women's Christian Temperance Union was held at the Temperance Hall, when 27 mem- bers were present. The local presi- dent (Mrs. F. L. Fysh) presided. A satisfactory report was read from the superintendent of mothers' meetings, a new department which is to com- mence on Monday, the 31st inst. The superintendents also reported having distributed papers regularly to cab- men and sailors, which had been gladly received. A drawing-room meeting was head during the month at Mrs. Room's residence, Invermay, when Mr. J. J. Neave gave an address, speaking of his visit to the exiled Stundists in Russia. Six new members were en- rolled, and the meeting closed with prayer by the local president. Weather.-During yesterday the weather considerably improved, and the day was very pleasant. On the West Coast a rough sea still prevailed, which interfered with shipping, but as the barometer continued to rise there is a probability of the weather further moderating. The forecast for Tasmania issued for to-day is stormy and wet, with N.W. winds, changing to south- westerly. The following reports were received:-Avoca, 9.1.0 a.m.-The river is 2ft. above summer level, and is still rising slightly. The weather is fine. Deloraine-The tempestuous weather of the last few days does not appear to have been so severe here as in other localities. However, no casualties have been reported. Sheffield—We have been experiencing some very severe and wet weather here the last few days. On Sunday the roofs of barns belonging to Messrs. B. Bye and John Hlusband were blown off, and several trees were struck by lightning. This morning we had a very sharp frost, whilst the tops of Mount Roland and the other peaks around here are covered with snow. Marine Board.—At the usual fort- nightly meeting of the Marine Board yesterday there were present-The Act- ing Master Warden (Mr. R. Carter), Wardens R. J. Sadler, R. Green, Lind- say Tulloch, S. Eardley-Wilmot, R. .Gardner, Geo. Cragg, and Alex. Evans. Mr. Iden Griffiths having written de- nying that he had made any encroach- ment at Gravelly Beach, it was de- Scided that the wardens view the lo- cality on their next trip down the river, though the Master Warden ex- \- pressed an opinion to the effect that the matter did not concern the board in any way. A river trade certificate was granted to Albert Plummer and \- a port engine-driver's to A. Davis. The Master Warden reported that the col- 1 lections for April totalled '705 Os Sd, as compared with £ 200 9s 2d for the a corresponding month of 1896. The ex- \- penditure for last month was U 643 I3s t 3d-general, i399 Ss; harbour im- d ports, £244 5s 3d. Some discussion Y took place in reference to the condi- \- tion of the river, and the conduct of i the enquiry into the matter, after which, and the transaction of routine s business, the board rose. Benevolent Society. — The usual weekly meeting of the society was held at the board-room yesterday after- noon,when there were present—Messrs. J. Stephenson (chairman), A. Jones, G. Balker, W. R. Barwood, J. C. Genders, James Steer, J. Joyce, G. Wilkins, M. Tyson, and the secretary. The sec- retary reported having temporarily re- lieved ten men for various periods, also eighteen families of the unem- Sployed whose supporters were away in Sthe country. There were on the per- manent roll 33 men, 118 women, and 165 children; total 316. One new case was ordered to be relieved. The fol- lowing donations were acknowledged: —Clothes, N. Brimble; £10, Captain Tulloch; O10s, Mrs. S. (Longford); £27. per collector. An account to Law and Weston, legal expenses in connection with the transfer of some property be- longing to the society, was passed for payment. The secretary of the Union Jack Gymnasium Club wrote to the effect that both divisions of the club were willing to give a gymnasium dis play and concert on Jnne 24 in aid of the funds of the society. The secre- tary of the Benevolent Asylum stated that everything in connection with the institution was satisfactory. There was no other business to trans- act. Lecture.-The Ven. Archdeacon Wlhit ington will lecture this evening at St. Mark's, Deloraine, on "New Guinea." St. Paul's Church Guild.-At Friday's meeting of St. Paul's Church Guild Canon lierrestord will give an address. Unclaimed Message.-A cablegram, ad- dressed "Reprimivel," is lying at the local telegraph-office awaiting a claimant. Property Sale.--Messrs. Alfred Harrap and Son will offer by auction at Evandale to-day, at noon, the villa residence known as "l'uroka." "Church Messenger."--iThe May number of tile "Church Messenger" will be ready for issue to-lnorrow. The contents are ad- vertised to-day, and a pterusal shows that they are of a varied and interesting char- acter. Fire Brigade Building Company.— special meeting of shareholders of this company will he held at the olllcc, 31 Pat- tcrson-street to-day, at S .in., for the appointmllent of dircctors and other busi- ness. Queen's Birthday.—The Commercial As- sociation notifies by advertisement in an- other column that Iusiness houses in the city will be open all dayoniWednesday next, 26th inst., in colnselquence of the previous Monday of that week being a holiday. Temlperance Convention.—On Queen's Birthday, in thle afternoon, a temperance convention is to be hcld in the Temper- alince Hall. Various subjects are to be dis- cussed, and all are invited. In the even ing a public ileetinlg is to take place. Rev. A. E. Albiston will preside. Who does not reCmember the exciting and intricate game of "Hunt the slipper?" Many are hunting slippers to-day at a loss to know.where to procure a pair suit- able for the present bitterly cold weather. These should all visit Petterd's Boot Mart, where they will meet with success. A book that contains presumably every word in the English language, and tells us how to speak and how to pronounce each word is a great work indeed. How much mnore so whlen it is, as well, an encyclopedia-Webster's International Dic- tionary. Reductions Watch Repairs. — Watches cleaned from 3s ld; mailnsprings from 2s 6d; all watch glasses Gd each. Cash prises only; old rates when booked. An entirely new stock of watches, clocks, jewellery, and optical goods at lowest prices. J. Sparrow, Illumi- nated Clock, Brisbane-street, Launceston, Established 25 years. \Vindermere Butter.--Mr. A. Croft, 6( I George-street, intimates that, having made arrangements for regular supplies of B3ar nar'd's Windermlere butter, he is prepared to receive orders for weekly deliveries. Mr. Croft also always has Icicle, Echuca, block, separator, and dairy butters on hand. Social at Westbury.-A social In conlec tion with the Church of the Holy Trinity, Westbury, will be held in the Library I-tall, on Queen's 13irthnight. Good music will be provided. The committee is work ing hard to make up a really good night's enjoyment, and a committee of ladles has undertaken the catering. "Review of Reviews."-From Mr. P. B. Fitzgerald, of Charles-street, comes a copy of the current issue of this periodical. It contains articles on "Her Majesty the Queen," "What tihe Convention has done," "The Federal Convention at work," and "Fights for the flag." Thie books of the Iontih are reviewed, and topics and carica tures of the nlonlth ini Englalld are given. Salvation Army Publicatlons.- The latest annual l'elport of Salvationl Army social workl in these colonies has Ieell Ipub lished unlder the title of "Hope," and, apart from the quality of interesting In formation it contains, is a remarkably well got up and ably Illustrated booklet. Pic tures of tile various farms and homes are given, and full particulars as to their working, with many Ilnteresting stories albout some of those whom tihe institutions have benleited. Balance- sheets and finan cial details are also supplied. These insti tutions during 18116 dealt with 3525 per soils, of which number 1158 were women, \- 273 babcs and children, 193) mlen (ex criminals, out-o'-works, etc.), and 155 boys and girls, the latter for the most part Governlent wards. Through thle Army enlcquiry delpartmllent, 3(O Illissinlg people out of 1015 wanted were discover'ed, and each branch of tilhe S.A. work recor.ls suc cess. Another Army publication just 3 issued is a sinall, rather cleverly-written, \- book, by Colmmlnandant Booth, entitled t "The brewer's ghost." It is neatly printed onI good palper', and the p)ictures have de cided artistic merit. The Comllmandant's object is to point out the evils of the drink trailic as they are aided by tile brewer, and to this end lie depicts inter tiows heLw\een a brewJer and his own ghost hor conuslence), during whichi the C latletr opens tile eyes of tile brewer to some \- tartling truths. 