swing Rotesaim Siilons. By Nunquam Dobmio. On dit. that the sensational Parthenoprous has been I purchased by the Indian trader Mr C; F. Glasscock. Parthenopcens is entire, and, being extremley well bred, should prove of service in the paddoclc even if never allowed to stand at the post again. At the same time the V.R C. members might seriously take into consideration at their next annual meeting the advisability of likewise disqualifying the progeny of a sire placed under the ban. It would tend to purify the Turf as nothing else can. Commenting on the fact that Parthenopoous had been raised 41b. in the Final Handicap appointments to what he had been imposted for the Spring Handicap, a metropolitan daily paper asks—" Why does a handicapper single out one beaten horse in this manner?" and then continues—"The only answer can be that he believes the horse was not fairly defeated. Either he has met with some accident, as Giulus did in the Caulfield Cup and as Aurum did in the Derby, or he has not been ridden out." "As Gaulus did in the Caulfield Cup!" But surely to goodness Gaulus must likewise have experienced some " accident" in the Hotham Handicap, on the first day of the V.R.C. Meeting, or else he should have finished much closer than he did to the winner—judging from his exploit in the Melbourne Cup on the following Tuesday. The vast majority of Turf patrons will doubtless hail with much satisfaction the drastic action of the Committee of the V.R!C. with respect to the evil- doers in connection with the Parthenopoous scandal; but it is manifestly unfair to accused persons to quote what may happen to be the mere Va«?sries of Handicappera as even presumptive evidence of their guilt. Ia the Spring Handicap Ayrshire was handicapped at 9st. Gib. and was scratched for the event. Si was Gaulus, imposted at 9st. 51b. In the Final Handicap Ayrshire and Gaulus both figured on the 9st. 61b. mark. Why ? If Ayrshire was entitled to carry lib. more than Gaulus on the Thursday he was dearly entitled to do the same thing on the Saturday. Again : Hey was apportioned 8st. 51b. in the Spring Handicap, was not fancied by her party for the event—as evidenced by the fact that they despatched her. against the two crack colts — Aurum and Amberite — in the Flying Stakes, the same day, in preference to trying conclusions against a handicap field—and was raised no less than 71b. (to 8st. 12lb.) for the Final Handicap. Granted that Key had finished second to Aurnm, and in advance of Amberite, in the Flying Stakes. That was seven furlongs, not a mile and a quarter, the time being but mediocre, and the opposition of the three other starters of the weakest description. So that if the handicapper's action had any bearing on the disqualification passed on Messrs. Allen and Arnfield, it was a factor that never should have been allowed to enter into the transaction. The " fall out" amongst the four bipeds which led to the jockey turning V.R.C. evidence was occasioned through an unfair division of the spoil. The rider of Parthenopoous—as the one who had taken the principal risk—was not satisfied with his " bare commission" as a sufficient " cut" out of the nefarious \- business, and as he imagined he saw signs of the others swimming whilst he would be left to sink, he , made what is termed a "clean breast" of it. There is no more efficient rider—whether on the flat or across country—than P. Guinane; but unfortunately his turf career has not been on all fours with his artistic ability. Being only a young man, however, his latest misadventure may prove a salutary lesson to him. Heretofore the hapless tools have invariably had to suffer for the roping and ramping machinations of the master minds, who, strong in the possession of wealth, have become as daring in formulating and carrying out racing rascalities as if they held the control of the Australian Turf in the hollow of their hands. History will have a chance of repeating itself— & la Gaulus and The Grafter—on the Bayswater Course, Perth, at New Tear time, when the Western Australian Turf Club people hold their three days reunion. The brothers Trent and Onslow (by Trenton from Sumatra) have both been entered for the principal event—the Perth Cup—and as the race is a handicap the finish for the last Melbourne Cup may produce 0 replica. Trent and Onslow do not belong: to the same owner, though, as Gaulus aftd The Grafter did. Sumatra (then in foal with Onslow) was purchased by Mr. Macrae (of W.A.) for less money than Trent realised as a two-year-old. There are 40 nominations for the Perth Cup (a handicap of 750 sovs., 100 sovs. for the second, and 50 sovs. for the third, over two miles of ground), including Amnesty, Battalion, The Merry Boy, Trent, Auraria and Mischief. The sextette named are certain to be well looked after by Handicapper John Handran Smith, and with anything under 88t. 61b. on his back Mr. George A. Towton's magnificent colt Tarquin—full brother to Scarpia (by Neckersgat—Tarpeia)—will make an extremely bold bid on behalf of the Land of the West. Mr. Towton carried off the event last year with Snapshot; and after the event there were not wanting those who averred that had it not been for the gallant grey's rider taking some "snap shots'" at The Black Rock's nostrils in the last furlong Mr. S. G. Cook's cast-off might have reversed positions with the winner. Two searching investigations, however, failed to substantiate the charge. The general run of backers of horses dearly love the mysterious, and knowing this weakness some enterprising "horse reporters" (as our American cousins dub them) lay themselves specially out to gratify their morbid curiosity. This is the only possible reason that can be assigned for the ambiguous givings out indulged in on several occasions lastweek auentthe handicappers having significantly expressed their opinions with regard to the recent peregrinations of Mr. W. A. Menzies' five or six year old horse Ailsa Craig (by Sardius from Ada). Save and except that he finished second to Callum Mohr in a Sires'Produce Stakes at Deniliquin as a sapling, there is no other record of Ailsa Craig ever intruding himself under the judge's notice; but still it got bruited abroad through the medium of the Press, that he was a veritable " rod in pickle," in consequence of which the bookmakers have garnered in many shekels, both of gold and silver. In this connection a fairly prominent sporting celebrity, who is credited with not investing his modest wagers unles§_ he personally inspects the piece of horsehide^fi^ entrusts them to, was persuaded at a re^ent^suburbdh meeting to break through his usuaiT/reserve /and-, take a couple of pounds' worth abpuf; Ailsq. Craig " from information received." After doinghe was strolling around the paddock, and>ho'ticing'h slight commotion around one of the contestants who", was tbeihg saddled up, he remarked to a friend—" "^hat have we got here?" "This is the favorite^-Ailsa Qrhig—a real good thing," was the reply. >"What.s that you say—a ' real good thing,' that burlyanimal there ! Why, bless my heart and-soul, I thought I was putting my money on a racehorse, but now I come to analyse matters for myself I discover that I have been Backing a Bullock instead." After which be quietly returned to the betting bourse and judiciously placed a couple more pounds on Fifeshire—to much better advantage, as the sequel proved. It is really surprising to witness presumably level-beaded men listening to the inane babblings of persons supposed to be in a position to secure the " straight tip." They act on these inspirations as if they were as accredited as gospel truth, and without taking the trouble to see for themselves whether an animal is in fit enough condition to battle out an arduous struggle or not, they rush off to secure the longest odds about it. When it loses they direct the attention of the nearest handicapper to the fact that " So- and-so was as dead as a doornail," and so on, and so forth ; and as the handicapper is only mortal, after all, he takes precious good care to make a note of the information on the tablets of his racing memory. That " bye running" and "pulling" are rampant on our courses is open and palpable ; but still the cry of " Wolf!" is very often raised where "Ass!" would be much more applicable. As in the recent Ailsa Craig experience. With regard to the recent decision of the English War Office to procure horses from the ArgentineReRepublic in preference to Australian bred animals, a military officer at home has vouchsafed a few hints as to the olass of horse which, riffhtiTTT^ ^ authorities deem fit for army work * p nR liked the horses brought oW by the v°n* Wales Rifles. They wfre niceVo'o 3^"1 of them were extremely nice, but thav , the eye" like the English horse Thev 01 broad enough in the hipa, and did n J i f stantial enough for army purposes. While i? he had ridden an Australian thoroughbred never wished to sit astride a bettor Animal the Indian climate was very different from the ha had t0 Australian 1 were that he feared they would cost more than suitable horses; that they would not take kin* the English climate; that the voyage tS knock them about; that " the rover" of the A lian bush was such a 'desperately wicked1 ani, and that the average of Australian horses wo branded as to be disfigured. Officers (he sti would not pay 100 guineas for a horse that covered over the legs with a mass of «nsio branding marks. If branded under the sa Australian horses would find more favor. There for preferring the Argentine as a source of su are that the vovage is shorter, and that the Ik are cheaper and more readily adaptable to olimate. The pleasant reading of the performances at annual sports gatherings of our schools colleges sets one meditating on the present decadence of our Pastimes. Despite the m, efforts of our amateur " harriers," Pedestrianis as dead as Queen Anne. Last year's experienc Football in Victoria (under the Australian rt was sufficient to endorse the fact that if the < while great winter game had not quite given the ghost, it was certainly in extremis—on its legs. Cycling, as connected with gate-mi exhibitions, has become a bye-word and a repro each succeeding day being but a repetitioi prominent scorchers being "rubbed out" for practices. And of late years there have not wanting signs and portents that the noblest Br; pastime of all—Cricket—has come under the bat influence. It is not a far cry back to the day w on the Melbourne Cricket Ground, during progress of an Intercolonial Cricket Match, a South Wales bowler, who was proving devastating, was offered a considerable sua money to .allow a batsman to make the few 1 necessary to avert a one innings defeat, and wl bettor his wagers ; and it was an open secret ata time when that memorable squabble took j between Lord Harris' team and the New S Wales Eleven (on the Association Groan Sydney, in February, 1879) that the dissension fomented by a heavy backer of New South W who had no less than One Thousand Po depending on the result. Another episode in this conne ;tion happened few years back when eight members of a visi team, finding there were •' stacks of money" rea be laid on them (at odds of 3 to 1) against one ol colonies, determined to " run a bye" and back opposers ; their well-planned scheme, however,b completely upset through their winning the m against their will, owing to rain coming down v the Colonials (a splendid batting team) had less I a hundred runs to make in their second innings, a " wet wicket" bowler, who was not " in the sw being so ably backed up by the other two who also been "left out in the cold" that the righteous'* triumphed (cricketally—not pocket! by some 18 runs. Whether the Trail of the Bookmaker is solelj sponsible for these and cognate misdeeds.or whe the so-called "Enterprise" of the present Caterers for Public Oucdoor Attractions does materially aid and abet the swindling transac certain is it that in nearly every instance our time health- giving Sports and Recreations degenerated into questionable (if money-ma vocations, whilst that which was originally ins i and keenly entered into as a Contest developed into a Sordid Lust for Big La Writing from Adelaide anent the recent m between a South Australian team and English Combination an acknowledged ante remarks:-"Jim Phillips caused some const! tion by no balling Jones—a P?.r[°L t 0f the think, could have been very well left out o gramme." The above is the opinion of arec£f°isfu0aUepi on "cricket who was present when the ep occurred. And yet the^ cable tohji o« 3 England intelligence that the n°-^ 'infc^c plfti by Phillips had drawn forth ®° the sceneofo from individuals 13,000 mUe%f,ro^^ B0S3ibly 1 Hons. What tie deuce co«M'hW about the merits of the decision, anyho— 