THE NOVELIST. THE SQUATTER'S DAUGHTER. BY Harold M. Mckenzie COPYRIGHT RESERVED. CHAPTER XVI. .(Continued). He knew Miss Borthwick and Muriel to be fast friends, but whether he could make a confidante of the former he was not anxious to try. So making some re- mark as to the next dance beginning, led her into the ball- room again. After what Eric had heard, he felt there and then an inclination to seek the open air; to get anywhere from this gay laughing crowd, which was whirling be- fore him. The music seemed to shout at him like some mocking thing; the faces, flowers, and everything, in fact, that gave life to the scene, only seemed the more to add to his misery. To leave for Timboora at once was the first thought that occurred to him, but this he felt might bring him into notice. No, he would, at least, remain till the morning and then make up his mind. As these reflections were coursing swiftly through his mind, he caught sight of Miss Manton. "Are you dancing this I" he said, hur riedlv. - "No, but what on earth has made you look so pale, have you seen a ghost 1" Without a word, he gave her his arm, and led her far away to the corner of an apartment which had been tastefully de corated with flowers. " Rere we can talk in peace," lie said. "My worst apprehensions are fulfilled if Mliss Borthwtck's statement proves true. Everything has been in vain." " Well, tell me quickly," exclaimed Miss Manton. "It's too horrible to think of. Muriel Grey is to marry another. God help the cursed woman who penned that letter." His voice became thick as he uttered the words, and Miss Manton seeing his emotion gently placed her hand on his sleeve baying, "Do not believe alltiil you have such proof as may convince you. Much as I believe Miss Borthwick to be a truthful girl there may yet be something to alter circ'lmstanlces." "You were ever hopeful," said Eric, "but she has convinced me. Why, she heard it from Murial's own lips in Lon don." Further discussion of the subject was useless just then, strive as Miss Manton did to bring balm to his wounded feelings. She thought it better to leave him quite alone for the present, so when her partner came to claim his dance she arose, and with a gentle word of reassurance went out into the bright light of the ball room. Eric never stirred the live long evening from where he had thrown himself. The music came and went as some tireless thing laughing at his misiery. The flowers around him were drooping and dead from the heat of the rooms, and his soul within him felt no less weary. The one ovarwlhelining grief of his life had as completely stunned him as the fall which he had received in the Squatters' Cup. On the dawn of the next day he made preparations for his return to Timhoora. He could no longer stand the thoughts of races, dances, or anything else, and wanted to be quite alone. Alone with his thoughts, which, distracting as they were, seemed easier to bear than when mixing with a throng of pleasure-loving people. As he rode slowly along on his way to the station, never did weary wanderer returning from the hardships and perils of campaign appear more completely broken down. Now that strength had returned, and life seemed pleasant for him again another blow had befallen him. Revenge was beginning to rise in his proud nature for the first time. He could have forgiven Mrs. Fordyce even had Muriel once more been restored to him. But now that this last gleam of hope seemed to be fading in the distance he cried aloud for vengeance, at all events, that he should stand before Muriel a guiltless and honorable man, that she should hear from his own lips what vile hand had torn their love asunder. " Would it be too late-too late to stay her marriage ?" " Why do I ask myself this 1" he mut tered. " Nothing that I can do will pre vent it. She loves another." Tears coursed fast down his cheeks, like any woman's. CHAPTER XVII. THE CATASTROPHE AT MAPLE BRIDOL. The news of Malcolm's engagement with Muriel had been given out to the world. The Society Journals had finished slandering the baronet's son, and were rather inclined to regard his future in a more hopeful tone. Wild reports had been circulated re garding the wealth of the young Australienne, who was to be the future Lady Seebold, which caused much annoy ance to Duncan Grey. He hated any thing of the kind, and flatly denied the -report .whenever rt-had-an-opportu:nity and threatened to thrash the editor of a certain paper if he did not immediately reese publishing falsehood~ Now that everything had been arranged regarding the future of Muriel, and the son-in-law elect, Duncan saw no reason any there shlould be any immediate ,ecessity for returning to Australia. Ho liked to think, although Muriel must be taken from him in one sense, that a few hours by rail would-bring them together again. The thoughts of living ir Australia, whilst she and her husband were in Eng land, dlid not at all meet with his views, and for this reason he took a lease for twelve months of a line estate in Sultffolk, lwhere he could amuse himself with the gun and have Malcolm and MIuriel to stay with hisn occasionally. Mrs. Grev. at first._tthouht_thatcro.. longing their stay in Englad was ralther injudicious, seeing that Duncan had busi ness in Australia. "Why, Violet," he said, "you seem more concerned about the place than I am myscelf. Tie seasons are good now, and there is no cause for fear, othlerwise I should be off by the next steamer." The estate which Duncan had leased was one of those splendid shooting pro perties whichl entailed a large amount of expenditure to keep it up in any sort of style approachingmts deserts. The owner, a young earl, who had come to grief on the turf, never resided there, for thegood reason that he we nabe1 totfforLit. His annual income wa so cut down, what with agrictilral depression and high interest to be paid on the existing mortgage over the property, that to have lattempted to do so would have hastened hifs rin. The youtg peenhjmd fo'nd a good tenant in Duncan Grey, who took a pride in the place, though the latter knew that any improvements carried out would not be for his own benefit hereafter. "I hate to see a place like this going to the dogs," he would say, as he rode round with? afriend And much good had he done during his short s-jourt, among the tenantry, who looked up to him with reverence and reseect. - The house was an immense one, stand ing on the highest part of the estate, from the tower of which, for miles around, a glorious view of the country could be ob. tained. From the pleasure grounds immediately surrounding the house sloped away the shrubberies, once shamefully neglected, but now that Duncan had come on thescene, extra gardeners were employed to keep them in perfect order. The tennis-courts, flower-beds and hot-houses were Mrs. Grey's especial delight, and visitors to "Lanmbton" who know them in their former days of neglect were loud in their praises of them now. For miles around woods, stocked with game, gave splendid shooting, and Dun can, who was an ardent upholder of this class or sport, revelled in the delights of tramping through turnip fields after the partridges, or standing at a hot corner bringing "rocketers" to earth. In the beginning of October the Greys had taken up their residence, where Mal colm had followed them shortly after wards. The corp-de.grace which Lottie fondly imagined she had given Muriel in regard to her love for Malcolm had signally failed. Imrmediately on rceipt-of Muriel'anote he had hurried to Havre and explained matters, telline her that Lottie's story was a vile calumny merely to extort money. In her innocence and love for Malcolmn, she was ready to believe it, and took him for none other than a devoted and muclsto-be-pitied man. How to conciliate, or rather get rid of Lottie, was a task which proved no easy one for Mal colm on hearing that she had firmly de clined to leave. Ilis temptations of large sums of money were merely ridiculed by her. "As if I am to be bought out and cast adrift by your bribery. No, men cher, you will live to repent your work and willh see some day that a woman can strike, and! hard too." This was the last time he had everl listened to her - His-temper rose to an ungovernable height, whence, hurling at her all the epithets his tongue could find, he gave her a cheque sufficient to cover immediate wants and left her for ever. As she slowly raised the paper lying before her, she smiled that smile of triumph which so often was seen on her lips. " As if he can escape me," she said to herself. "I will let him marry; Oh yes ! we women do not spoil sport, and then my turn conies." Lottio soon after returned to Paris, where she had taken apartments for the winter. She made no secret of her whereabouts, though she did not care to be so much en evidence since her desertion by Malcolm. When she saw, one day, that the marriage was to take place early in November, a slight flush tinged her cheeks as she laid aside the paper. Silence was her onlychance now of making her successful in the end, and this she knew well how to preserve. Like a snake in the grass she lay hid, awaiting her opportunity to dart. Malcolm's days were one lone dream of bliss. He loved Muriel with all his soul, and was ler slave entirely, granting everything that was in his power, to make her life if anything still happier. " IIow often I recall the day of that horrid woman's visit," she said to Malcolm as they wandered through the gardens one morning. "My love, why trouble yourself about these silly ideas when all is over ? True, it was a fiendish story to invent, but where is the man who is safe from the tongues of slanderers? That woman is one of the most notorious of her kind in London or Paris, and has many times be fore practised the same game." "' Oh, Malcolm darling, I am so thank ful to think that she left me when shedid. The remembrance of that revolver being pointed at my head will never fade from my memory. Even now in my sleep I sometimes awake with antart and imagine she is looking down at me with those cruel eyes. How they shone II shall never forget them." " My poor Muriel, it was indeed a terrible ordeal to go through. Do you know, too, that the woman was actually in the gardens watching us that morn ing 7 Yes, that was how she found out, and then directly my back was turned she seized the opportunity of telling her lies, and thought to obtain money from you." "As it was," said Muriel, "she took those lovely sapphires you gave me." " No matter, better she should have those than have injured a hair of your head; besides, what are bushels of sapphires beside my sweet Muriel." Here lie bent down and softly touched her forehead with his lips. "Ah ! will this great happiness always go on, go on for ever 7 Dearest Malcolm, I wish for no other heaven than this. For you always to be with me, and when death takes one, for the other to be taken too." "Come, Muriel darling, do not grow and over our love, remember we have our duties in life to perform though we are to be man and wife. We cannotquitlo shut ourselves up from the world, or what would it say of us?" "I suppose it would call us selfish," maid Muriel, " but lovers are selfiash at first, and it seems only natural." The pheasant shooting had now begun in real earnest, as each morning a party of beaters were sent before the gens to earc-thte twoodseor_gam. Mnalcolm ?as a good shot, nedlor thja reanson was always given a busy corner in the drive, where, as the bronze-wieged birds sailed alove hIis head with a loud whir-r-r-r, he seldom failed in bringing them to his feet. Muriel would often accompany the shooters in thick beoos and short gown, when her march through turnip fields ori even throuh ploughecd ones woult prove h~er to be as energetic as the rest. "I like shooting for its surroundings and not actually for the sake of killing," she said, as they sat at luncheon one day. "Now lhow muche nicer this is than having luncheon indoors." " Well, for my part," said Duncan, "I would prefer luncheon inside. I can't say I am particularly fond of beetles crawling about me, and a risk of swallow Ing a wasp in the claret." "Papa, you haven't a scrapof romance In you, and see nothing beautiful in nature; why, this very tree we are seated under is a study in itself. How can itbe compared to those ugly gum-trees we have Been-living among-t-all -our-!lives ? Sometimes when I look back on the years in Australia I think it so much time wasted." "You little traitor," exclaimed Malcolm, why, only a few months ago you would not hear a wg94dri 'tggnltg . the pl~ce, and now you run it down wholesale." " Yes, I admit such was the case, but that is the way with all Australians, until they learn batter. When first they come to England they hate everything and see no b oauty in anything. London looks ugly and black, and as a rule they have few friends to visit, conseqIently tliey are dependent for aImusement entir-.ly upon themnelves. Tery si,..u grow tired of it, and are glad to return." " But that wasn' tyour case, nMuriel," said her father, "you had a hul:itred people who were ready to make life plea. sant for you, andl ,ne, I am thankful to say, has succeeded." Duncan here raised his gl.sn with a knoee ng wink at .lalcolht. "Oi ! I am ntot talking about myself ; you are so peresonal, .apa." She blushed a little and looked away. Those were halppy days in the Eastern County as Muriel wandered through the golden-colored woods, which would an, l.. be hard and chill with the froets and snows of winter. Scarce a month re mained from the time when sh.i woul I become Malcolm's wife, and thonuh so, short a space, an nnbiideen thought wou,ld steal into her heart as she lay awake ill the silent hours of the night woutl' rine if anything would come to check their union. Muriel had believed every word of Eric's letter which had been received stating Mrs. Forlvce's villainy, alli, although regarding Eric in the light if a true and honorable man, Ioped that ho would not now come to disturb her olther and deeper love. She had loved Eric once, but thus she reasoned with her self. " I knew nothing at the timne. I was a mere child. I never knew what real love was until I met Malcolm." She could not feel grateful for what Mrs. Fordyce had done, and yet, within herself, there was a secret feeling of self congratulation in having had removed from her path that one person who de barred her from marrying Malcolm. What Eric's thoughts were on the matter she hardly liked to think about. She knew what a large and unsellish heart he had, and how dreadful a blow her marriage with another would cause him. " But I do not love him, and life would never be happy for him, or for me either. I cannot write to tell him I am engaged. 'But he will know that soon enough. It Is, indeed,a hard thige to be situated as I am, and no one can advise me." These were some of the thoughts that would keep her for hours tossing on her pillows. She thought that when once the marriage was over nothing could matter then. Eric might come to Eng land if he liked, but all talk about her previous love for him would be a more waste of time. Muriel still felt that there was one thorn in her bed of roses which might at any time make its presence felt- that thorn was Eric. Oftentimes .Muriel would complain to Malcolm about leaving her, perhaps on wet days, to sit over the fire whilst the shooters were after the part. ridges. "It's all very well for you men going off early in the morning and leaving its women at home. But you have no idea how bored we get with one another's society." Mrs. Grey had asked several young ladies with their mothers to make up the number at dinner of an evening, but Muriel, beyond making herself just ordinarily agreeable, never cared to be long in their coitmpany. In fact, when -a!colm w-- aay -from--hr-t vworld- appeared as a blank. " Well, let us drive today, Muriel,"he said one morning, finding her in a dis contented frame of mind, and accordingly it was agreed upon. Very many times afterwards he would order the phReton with its thoroughbred chestnuts, which spanked along the quiet highways with no more thought of the weight of the carriage behind them than had it been a child's. " I'll keep no rubbish in my stables," Duncan would say, on showing his equine collection to a friend, which was very true. And his horses, whether for saddle or harness, were perfect of their kind, and Duncan loved them as if they were his own children. " My conscience, how they're pulling. 3My arms are aching despite that severe curbhon Mlardion," said fnlcahn, aesthey traversed the road which led from Lamb ton to Dullington, the nearest town of any importance. " Have we much business in the bust ling city to-day?" exclaimed Malcolm, satirising the place which loomed ahead. Dullington bore out its name to the letter. Its grass-grown streets, wide and long enough for armies to be marched through them without breaking line, wore the same appearance every day of the week, except Saturday, on which day market was held. Its shops had the same things in the windows month after month, despite the rapid changes of fashion, which, in this nineteenth con tury we are no accustomed to. "Well, of all the holes !" exclaimed Malcolm, drawing up his horses, with a scrooping noise against the curb, "this is about the dullest that I've ever been in." " You have always some disparaging remark to make about places or people." said Muriel, preparing to alight. " It's ;.he _i_ _-'-waco-ex-eept n-t'oer-bre- loved London. Now there is plenty of historical association, even in this hole as you call it." " Whilst I am choosing a carpet suppose you go and inspect that tea-service in the Museum which Queen Elizabeth is said to have used on a visit here." "Hang Elizabeth, what do I care about the woman or the tea- service." Malcolm almost bawled this last remark out, so that sneverali of the passers-by looked up., : The sight of the trap, hdrses, and occupants, was a general object of ,id miration as it bowled along through the quiet streets, making them eclho again with its clanking pole.chains and clatter of hoofs. "How nice we look in the shop windows," said Muriel. "5~ell, don't be-all day- admiring-yer - self. Jump down and order your carpet and I'll drive round to the Club." ?unriel in a second had sprung lightly to earth, whilst Malcolm, giving his hlorses a touch, rumbled up the main street to what was generally known as the Club, remarkable chiefly for bad cooking, inferior liquors, worn- out furniture, and members whose subscriptions were long over.due. (To be contilltued.) "NWar garment is this, Itaria'" asks a young husband. "It is a shirt, Arthur. I made it all myssll ans a surprise for-you. "How good you are, darling l" said the husband, tenderly. "Can you think I'll ever soil that beautiful shirt be wearing it I Never I I shall keep it and cherish it forever. I wouldn't wear that shirt down town dear jO:aCWhOlo y11's salarIy," .---.x 