A WONDERFUL WOMAN; OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY BY MRS. 4MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER NXI.--SIR ARTHJUR TREGENNAL For one moment he thought the dead had risen; for one moment he stood speechless and spellbound; for onie brief, horrible moment he thought he Lsaw KIatherine Dangerfield looking at him across her own grave !. She made -.2no attempn to speak, but stood with her icy gaze fixed upon him-her face changeless, marble in its expression. IHe was first to break the silence. "Miss Herncastle!" he gasped. "You!" Her eyes left him. and hlie moved. tiVhile they were riveted upon him he bad stood as one under a spell. "I Sir Peter!" The low, soft; sweet tones lingelred like music on the ear. "And I fear I have startled you aganii; 'ut I never dreamed of seeing.you illere." "Nor I, you. What brings you, a stranger, to this place of all places, MIiss rlerncastle, so soon after your arrival?" He asked the question angrily and sus piciously. Surely there was something ominous and sinister in this woman, \hio looked enough like the dead girl td hive been her twin sister, and who visited her grave so speddily after her arnival Miss Hernciastle drew her mantle about her tall, slim figure, and turned to go. "I came out for a walk, Sir Peter. I Ihave been in the schoolroom all day, and iLam not used to such close confinement. ~I asked my lady's permission to take a vWalk, and she gave it. I am a rapid 'l-alker, and I soon found myself here, *the town behind. It looked so peaceful, so calm, so inviting, that I entered.. This Slonely grave attracted me. and I -was reading the inscription as you came up., If I had known lit could have mattered in any way-that I would have disturbed' anyone by.coming-I should not have come!" - She bent her head respectfully, and moved away. Dressed all in black, snoving with a peculiarly swift, noise less, gliding step, she looked not unlike a phanthom herself flthing among the graves: And in what an emotionless, level mono.one she had spoken, as a child repeats a lesson learned by rote! He stood and looked after her, darkly, distrustfully. It seemed plausible' enough; but that hidden instinct that comes to us to warn us of danger told him something was wrong. "Who is she?" he repeated-"who is she? Enough like Katherine to be' her twin sister! Who is she?" He stopped suddenly. " Enough like Katherine to be her twin sister? Who was there to say Katherine never had a sister? He knew nothing of her or her family, save what Mrs Vavasor chose to tell. Katherine might have had a dozen sis ters for what he or she ever knew." A gleam came into ,his eyes; he set his teeth with some of his old bull-dog re Solution. "Katherine is dead and buried -;nothing canalter that, and this young woman, and' this Herncastle, is more like her than it is possible for any but sisters to be. I'll find out who MIiss Hlerneastle is aiid all about hhr, and what's she here for, before I'm a month older!" "Queenie" Lady Darigerfield said, "I find we shall not 'be moped to death down here, 'fter all: we shall have tiwo gentlemen more than we counted on Sir Andrew Tregenna and Major Frank land-- for our lawn party -this after noon. I woonder what sort of a croquet player Sir Arthur is, by-the-bye?' "Ginevra, I wish you hadn't 'asked MaJor Franklrimd down here. I detest that man! ' SirPeter is'jealous. ' The odious familiar way'he addresses you, too, and his horrid, coarse, commomi place compliments!''Bah!' tVhy doesn't he try to be original. n?.?'.?" .. "Queenie, I wonder why you dislike ilim so much?" "I. dislike all mere clubroom.loungers, all well-dressed tailors' blocks. without one idea in their heads, or one honest, mnarily 'feeling in' 'their.: hearts. Major Frankland knows Sir Peter hates him. If hebwere a 'right-feeling man, would he come'at all, knowing it?" "Certainly he'' woild, when I in it'e him. If Sir Peter doesn't like the friends I ask, theii I wdiuld re commenid Sir Peter to keep out of itheiir sight. By the way, what was Ithat long discourse' you and he had last even mg 'about? 'Natural philosophy?" "No; ghosts." answered Lady Cecil. '"He believes in ghosts. He isn't positive yet that MIiss Herneastle is not the dis embodied 'spirit of that poor girl that died here; aind he says there is a place threemiles off--Bracken Hollow, I be liye-haunted to a certainty." "'MIy opinion is," said Sir Peter's wife, '!that Sir Peter is in a very bad way, and 'that we shall be ·taking out a decree of lunacy against him one of these days. Sir Peter may not absolutely be mad, but in (the elegantly allegorical language of the 'day, his head's not right." ."What is that about Sir Peter?" in fluired the earl, sauntering up. "Mad, is .e, Ginevra? 'Pon my life I always !thought so,since he committed his crown ing folly of marrying you. Pray, what has he done lately?" "Nothing more than the Right Honor able the Earl of Ruysland has done be fore him-talked of seeing ghosts. He '"akes Miss Herneastle, the governess, for a?ghost; so did you. N'ow, uncle Raoul, swhose ghost did you take her for?" "Oh, yes, I remiember," said the earl, placidly; "but she did not disturb me very greatly. She lias a vague solrt of resem blance to a lady dead and gone. Oh! by the way, I am going into Castleford. Is there anything I can do for either of you ladies?" "If you are going into Castleford, my lord," said Ginevra, "I have two or three commissions I wish you would execute. ?Queenie, where are you going? It will not detain me an instant." "I am going to 'the nursery. Lessons 'are over by this time, and Pearl says no '-lone can make dolls' dresses with the skill : I can." She left the room. Lady Dangerfield :ooked after her, then at her uncle, with 'a malicious smile. "If you really want Cecil to marry "Sir Arthur Tregenna, all your finesse, all 'your diplomacy will be required. I fore see thirty thousand a year trembling in tthe balance. She is inclined to rebel 'talks about being sold, and the rest of "She shall marry Sir Arthur," the earl responded, serenely; "lt is written-it is destiny. And now write out your list Quickly, my dear. I shall be late as it As." Lady Cecil reached the schoolroom. Lessons were ere long ended, and Miss HElerncastle put by her books, walked aeross the room, and stood looking wear ily out of ;the window at the mellow after: aoon radiance. The twins pleaded piteously for the "game of "tag," and aunt Cecil consented. '.The dolls were flung down in an igno 'Inintous heap, and Lady Cecil followed out of doors in chase of the children with fi zest that for the moment equalled their Own. And thus it was, flushed, breath -ess, dishevelled, laughing, romping like a- girl of twelve, Sir Arthur Tregenna 531 saw her first, All aglow, all breathless, she cashe full upon Sir Arthur. He was laughing from sympathy with that merry peal. If she had striven for a thousand -years to bewitch him she could never have succeeded half so well as 1in this moment, w-hen she was not thinking of him at all. She stopped short- still laughing, blushing, and aghast. "Lady Cecil Clive, I believe?" IHe took off his hat. and stood bare headed before hetr-tall, noble, gl:avely smiling, as Lady Cecil gave him her hand. "Sir Arthur Tregenna, I am sure. Did you not meet-Pansy, be quiet-did you not meet papa? He left here to go to the station. "I did not meet him Probably I:pass 'ed him, for I left the station i-mmedi ately." "Then permit me to. elcome you in his stead. Ah here is papa- now and MIajor Frannkland."" "y i dea?r boy--my; dear a-tihuri!" Thei ehrl sprang aout of ithe carriage, and shook thesyounog baitonet's haid al ith ef fusion:' -'Such a contretemps--just a mo mient to late. ? saw you-idrive off, aridI letuirneil·n;ith Frankland. MIajor Frank lanidof the --th Lancers-Sir Arthur Tre genna!" "Aw, my dear Lady Cecil, chairmed to see you again, and looking so well." said the major; "but then we all'know, to our cost, La Reine Blanche invariably looks her best on every occasion. And here comies our charming hostess. 'w, Lady Dangerfield. so happy to meet you once more. London has been a perfect desert witthout you." SAnd then the mistress of. Scarswood was greeting and welcoming her guests, and the first detachment of -the lawn party began to arrive, and in the bustle Lady Cecil made her escape. S"The sultan has come, and his slave must wait until it pleases him to throw the handkerchief," she murmured, bitter ly. "He comes here to inspect me as he might.ahorse or a house he wanted to buy; and If I suit him I am to be bought. If I do not- Oh, papal papa! how could you subject me to so shameful an ordeal?" A short while after this, there' was a knock at Lady Cecil's door, and Lady Dangerfield appeared. My lady was all summery muslin, Valenciennes lace, and yellow roses, her black eyes alight, her cheeks glowing with pleasuri and liquid rouge. "Come, Queenie, you asie to be on the opposite side; first red,. and all that. Every one has come, and Sir Arthur and the niajor are on the croquet ground. Really, Cecil, Sir Arthur isn't bad-looking -thaf. is to say, if he were not beside Major Frankland. Comparisons are odious, and beside him--" "Of course; beside him, the Angel Ga briel, if he.were to descend, would appear to disadvantage. Ginevra, Sir Arthur looks as if he had common-sense, at least-more than I can say for your pet military poodle. Poor little Bijou! If he only knew what a dangerous rival has come to oust him!" The two ladies descended together to the croquet ground--an admirable foil blonde and brunette , The major and Lady Dangerfield play ed a vigorous gamie, sending their adver saries' balls to the fartliest limits of space, and never missing a hoop. Lady Cecil Clive played abonilnably, her side was beaten ingl6riously in evetygame. All the time Sir Arthur's eyes were up on the fai- Cecil, and Sir Arthur was speculatingas bto :whetherort no she was. fitted to be his wife. "What a fair, swneet,' proud face it- was,:how:much soul in t?e softly, lustrous eyes, how much gentle ness; goodness; about the perfedt lips. Could any oide who looked like that-who loied little children and . played with them, a very child herself, be the cold blooded coquette,thlie vain flirt who tram pled on hearts wholesale, for her selfish gratification?.. No, no, a hundred times no! Such a face must mirror a pure and spotless soul, eyes like these took their kindness and their sweetness from- a gentle and womanly heart. :'Her loveliness makes men her calp tives. - -How can-she be blamed-for that?" he thought. - - . Sir Arthmur was predisposed to. be pleased. . He. wanted to fulfil a father's dying wish and marry his old friend's daughter. - The days went rapidly by at Scars wood, and a week had passed since the afternoon of Sir Arthur Tregenna's and Major Frankland's arrival, and a very animated week it had been. Lady Dan gerfield never grew.weary in well-doing; her fertile brain originated pleasure party after pleasure party with an assiduity worthy a better cause. There had been boa'ting parties, croquet, and drives and gallops to every/interesting spot for miles around. There had been Fortnum and Mason's hampers, chickens and cham pagne, pates de foie gras, and claret cup, on land and sea. And now a genuine old fashioned pic-nic to the seashore was un der way. o A week had passed since Sir Arthur's arrival-seven long summer days and nights under the same roof with Lady Cecil, the greatest flirt of the season. What did he think of her by this time? No one could have told, not the young lady, certainly, to whom his manner was calm, friendly, and genial, but as far removed from her experience of love making as it was possible to imagine. So far as Lady Cecil could see, all her beauty, and brightness, and fascinations were so many arrows that glanced off his polished chain-mail armor. She was singularly free from vanity; in a calm way she was conscious of her own great beauty, as she was of her proud old name, but the smallness of personal con ceit she had never felt. Sir Arthur could tell her of Australia, and its wonderful hidden wealth; of bright, busy, transatlantic cities-of Cali fornia, where he had llved for mon'ths among camps and mines and the reckless men, the sweepings of the world, who fly there for safety, or for gold. He told her of Algiers, where he had wintered last year, and of how narrowly his life had been saved. Lost on the desert, a flock of wild Bedouins, inflamed with rapine and liquor, had swept down upon him with shrill cries. He fought against terrible odds as long as he could, then just as a lance head had pierced him, a horseman had ridden down like the wind, and, with a ringing Eng lisli cheer, had laid about him right and left like a lion. Wherever that flashing blade fell, an Arab bit the dust. Then, faint and sick from loss of blood, he reel ed from the saddle, and opened his eyes in his ownn quarters in Algiers. "And the gallant Englishman who saved you?" Lady Cecil breathlessly asked. "He was a captain of Chasseurs-his name, O'Donnell. Oddly enough in his qualrters one day I came across a book, a very handsome copy of 'Marmion,' with your name on the fly- leaf. You had lent it to him, it appeared, and it had never been returned." "Captain O'Donnell seems fated to save people's lives," said Lady Cecil, laughing "He saved mine from drown ing. Did he tell you of it? No? That is like his reticence. Are you aware 'he is in England? "No; I am not surprised to hear it, though. He mentioned, casually, that he might shortly be in England." Lady Cecil said nothing, but that night, at parting, she gave Sir Arthur hier hand with a kindly cordiality she had never shown before. When the morning of the plc- nic came. Sir Arthur, Lady Cecil, the earl, and a young lady in apple green muslin, went together in the barouche, Lady Dangerfield drove Major Frankland in her pony phaeton.' The rest of the young ladies followed in a second barouche, with two cava liers on horsebackl, the only married lady of the party being the baronet's wife. It was an intensely hot day, the sun Douring down its fiery heat from a sky as deeply blue as that of Italy-the heat quivering in a white mist over the sea. Not a breath of air stirred; the sea lay asleep, one vast. polished lake, under that globe of molten gold. SCLHAPTER XXII.--"THERE IS MANY A SLIP," ETC, When the sea shore was reached, Lady Cecil and her cavalier, the Cornish baro net, strolled away for a while, but a thunderstorm springing suddenly up they were glad to hurry back to the rest of thebr friends. They were not in time, however, to escape the rain, and both got wet. "I hope Ginevra and her party were not out in that fairy bark of theirs when the squall arose," remarked Lady Cecil to the baronet as they neared the beach. Then presently she added:' ' "SIr Arthir, look thei'e! The boat has upset!" The boat had. Lady Dangei'field, ex citedly and elbquentlj', poured'out the tale of their hairbreadth escape as they approached. They were a mile anda half,'or there abouts, from the shore when the thun derstorm had so swiftly arisen, and they had turned and put back at once; but before they could almost realise the danger, the boat upset. The Major could swim-so could Miss Hallan, the rector's daughter, who was with them. Flinging one arm about Lady Dangerfield, ,the major struck out for the shore, but an awful panic had seized the baronet's wife; sudden death stared her in the face, and all presence of mind deserted her. She struggled in the Major's clasp, clinging to him the while, and shrieking frantically. In vain! Lady Dangerfield screamed and struggled, and the picnic party was in a fair way of winding up with a tra gedy, when a boat, skimming like a bird over the dancing waters, and skil fully handled by one man, shot towards them, swift and straight as an arrow. "Rather a close finish," their deliverer said, coolly, after he had rescued her ladyship and the major. "You were do ing your best to make for the bottom. Are you all right there, sir? Look after the lady, will you? I think she is go ing to faint." But Lady Dangerfield did 'not faint too much cold water, perhaps. She glanced at her preserver, and noticed, even in that moment, that he was one of the very handsomest men it had ever been her good fortune to behold. But Lady Dangerfield had not spoken 'one word; tears of shame and mortification were standing in her eyes. . What a fright she must look- hatless, compara tively complexionless, and her bright, gossamer summer skirts clinging about her like wet leeches? What mustthis remarkably good looking and self-pos sessed gentleman' think of her? He.was not thinking of her at all; he was watching, with an amused face, Miss Hallan calmly and deliberately swini ming ashore; and all: the other people standing like martyrs in the rain. Lady Cecil's :dark: eyes, full of sup pressed fiin, ~vere lifted tob: the baroiiet's; theri-e was a: grave smile' even' at the corners odf his sedate mouth. ": It w a-onder~fdil 'how they- und?,rito'd' ekch tliur, 'and howi-3chi<'ikitar` ~they.were theni than they "had been that' morn hing Of course the picnic broke up ii in most "adnmired disorder,"' and at- once.: The wet mermaids were' packed, damp and driDpplng, into the carriages, and whibI ed aivay to Scainswood as 'fast as the horses cduld trot the distance, Lady Dangerfield her?ailing her fate the while, '' "He hd the air of a military. man," she' sjiti. '? "There ,was no mistaking it. Aid lihe was' bronrzed and bearded, and somewihat foreign lookinig. A. gentle man Lbeyoid a shadow of a doubt, with the ,bow' of ,'a Lord Chesterfield or a court': chmberlaiii, and the : whitest teeth' I ever sav." It was evident Miajor.Frankland had a rival. "I wish'I.had asked his name and in vited him to:call," her ladyship went on. . . "I thought we had had all the officers from Castleford barracks, and if any of them are eminently distinguished looking I have hitherto failed to perceive it," re marked Lady Cecil. •"We might have had him over for our theatricals to-morrow night, if I had only had presence of mind enough to ask his name," said Lady Dangerfield. "But how can one have presence of mind when one's drowning?" "I wish I had thought of asking him his name," her ladyship remarked, over and over again, later on returning to the Unknown. "A gentleman, I am posi tive-there is no mistaking the air of so ciety-and an officer; I should know a trooper in the pulpit or in his coffin, there is no mistaking their swing. And he had 'the most expressive eyes I think I ever saw." "Your close observation does him much honor," said Major Frankland, with suppressed jealousy. "He is, in all probability, some wandering tourist or artist unknown to fame and Trafalgar Square. It would be cruel, I suppose, to hint at his being a commercial travel ler, down from the metropolis with his samples." "Gad! he looked like someone I've met before," muttered the earl, glancing un easily at his daughter. "He was in London the night of the opera, and it is just possible he may have followed us down here. Only that it would not be like him-proud as Lucifer he used to be; and then I should think, too, he had got over the old madness. Not that she cares for him, of course, or that his ap pear'ance will make any difference in the result. It was only a girl's, only a child's fancy-and it is six years ago. What woman ever remembered an ab sent lover six years? By the way, it's odd Sir Arthur don't propose. He is greatly taken with Cecil, that is evi dent; and though she doesn't encourage him, she is friendly enough." Sir Arthur was taken with her. His eyes followed that fairy, graceful figure everywhere; he stood by the piano while she sang, and she sang sweetly, his eyes en the perfect face, his ear drinking in those silver sounds. She might ihot be. quite his ideal, perhaps-but which of us ever meets or marries our ideal?--and he liked her very well-very well, and admired her greatly. Why not speak, then, and ask her to be his wife? (To be continued.) An attempt to prove that the earth is flat is, it is stated, soon to be made on the coast of Florida, but no particulars of the form the experiments are to take Is vouchsafed. Strange as it may seem, there are still many people on this ter restrial globe who deny that it is a ball of any sort. The principal arguments advanced by the flat earth theorists are that a ship might seem to sail around a ball when it merely sailed around a circle, that all the elffeets of day and night could be produced by a fixed sun shining down upon a circular earth re volving like a card on a pin, and that the longest rivers have a descent of only a few feet. They aver that thle phe nomenon at sea of the ship rising or disappearing is to be explained by re fraction, and that if the earth were spherical the compass would not point north and south. 