A AlIRAOLE IN SYDNEY. ,CASE IVIM.STIGATK;D BY A SCORE O)F PH'(OPIK'AND VO()UOIlD Fol! : BY A PI'OMINEST MH3UKIBE OF ', LOCtm!O'TO ATAXIA LONG CON SII)EItED IMGOUlU1ABLM lBY TH.I FIl.r'T PIIY:PIIUAN.S 'OF TH1I WOIIUD HAS AT LAS1' BiHEN CONQU ERltD. A GREAT VICTOtY FOrI DR. WIL. LLAMSa' PINK PILLS. (From the " Australlan Workmanl." On Thlursd(y ifrernoon, our repr,. sentative nlade Iis way to the lahumbhl lihomie if Mr. Tholmaan Jarvis,' 45 Onrwn. latIe, Ultittin. He was discovrced nursing a two-yo;r.o!d bnlay, and his face declare(d him to bu o'tn of tllr happiest men ii Sydney, lie was up and about and aLle to onnweer the knock at the door. Alilhlugh palennil hearing still the marks of a cri.ical illness, aud a period of pnin, it was very clear that Ihe was an invalid on tie rapid ronil to convalesct'ece. In reply to the preliminary questions, he sAid : " You watt to know s11 about my caser Wiell, .1 amin glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I wiss" " llw lotn were you saifllring ?" " Well, twelve nmnthls ago I gnt so liad that I hud to leave ail work, and I have done notling sintco Illhn. About five years ago next lhristmias I me.t with aln iccident; I was badly scilded while taking ai hath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accidlent I Ihve beeln iu failing health, anld Ufter fuur years aaf graldunl dlevellopmenlt of tlhe anllady, I was folcell to give up my billlt at the Gloihn Islanil." " What vele til synlptomts 1" "Simply ilndescribable. The pnins wero somlethilng terrible. TlThy wern just thoalt ts mluch as I could hear. They were for all the ward like as if r. saw were cuttilg aly lones in two in every part of ime. 1 had no control over aly lowels or binldrr, andl was a tuisallce to mysolf and everyone else. I was incassanttly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat inor sleep. On the 23rd MaMch last I saw at wel.lkvknow docoor and lih told me that my oans was utterly hopoless. -lowever, lih gave 111 all order to tie Director of Ohlritable Institutions." " Did you nmaklt use of the ioder 1" "hio; I coait homne and want to bed, and havy, hoeon pretty well in bed over since. Five werks ago I could not walk across the ollor; in fact, I could tint get out of thed. I flit thou that it was all over with ann, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attend 'o in- a!nd did all li could, y. o2rum -rand more-is, pi1s, to case ll iigou-T was in. I was under htini for five or six wereks. HIe canli to the conclusion that I was sutl'.ring fioUt Locotntor atunxi, or Progressive Inconmator ntnxy, a disease of the spinal cord, oharno. Loris,,d by pecullar distuihannces f galt, and dificulty inI co.ordlinticn voluntnry mtiveini,uts, lie tohl nme that I might last for teni years, and thlit I might n.ver gut the u ,' of my legs. (Just thou tile patient kickeid his legs about with energy In show that medtlicl oplliol, is not itifcllible.) WVll, just ,o a' drowning msnt will grasp at a straw, I rispeid at an hllci conveyed by Ihoe dlvertlsnmelnt ilesor big Iho cure eofuoted in the casni of sootlher bUilerin aker in England, which I road it the i Aotrialian Min.? .." by Dr. VWilliams' Pink Pills f"f fIll Peopll, I cod lin tIme nrivertisnenlt if n casr Mahiclh seomelrd to ?It my owni I doilr. m tued to glin thn P'ink Pills it tril anyway, and sent t;r a hiox. 'Ihe ThIst was is marvillellous iIt. was itugical. I was a1ble in eat and sleIp a I hioch ? nthi,c u was l Ite li alter with, te,. II was the list nippelire and rest J had for rmanVy i day. II wilI il. cl eoI, . I imr edtc i itelry lih't thi 1l, llid wais ablu to luovu about,. I mavu taken finor Ihnxes of Pink Pills during the plst four weeks, and nu now tkhing the lif'h box. I can walk about with the aid of a stelk, and am gri:dually, but surely, recovering my fnrtnmer vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are plr fectly nrw, and I have never used them. 'Th'ley were madel fir ime befiore I got the Pink Pills, end I was Inn weak to usei thenI, and ncow I dlon't want them. All I want in this sick, and I hope socn to do withlat it. Y'(u see I ian rapidly regaining my stnrengi." " iHo 1.4 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jrvie, who hand comei in and taken the baby on hler knees. " The Pink I Pills have svedll his life, and iilnde another manl of hirm." A frilend wiho called in at this point snid Jievis looketd ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. "1 can nowe," continllnlld Jarvi., Shave iI coldl bnt, anil all tihe feeling has cond'bactk in ciy legs. If I keep on going the. wy I nuc, 1 hlle to he hibi to resume work aus a iiler-maker, and you know I lave to ie in the pilk of health and strengthl to work at that tlrad. I am hitter to.day than I ha:ve been .at anly time during the past five years. I naoriho all the change and Sbeneft o hs Pi lPills. l hlrn saved my ,life.' I uni in cio pain now, whatever, and feel like a new oan,. On the miintelpiecO there is a hox of opiun and nlorpllhia pills which the doctor gave pie to deaden the excrucin ting pain. Buet they can stay where they reo for I ino Innger need them. Everylody who knows cme haes hirer amnzeel at, tile change in Imi. They caen hardly belinveu thelir eyves. My Leinci about again ihas caused quitle a sensnliln on helelii." Such i lehis r' m.u'hikale histor', ndil it conlirm tis hatii in id i ll the .chief eniewnlpers of lhis mi nllt' y of tlle nstonishiug ecies wrialtht hy Dr. Williams' Pink Pills fcr iate People. They core lioe.,inaor ntexuy, plartil parilysi., and spinal ilisease, nlso elh mnry dlisornlers which arise fromnl nci iepoverished sa!te if thle ilood, such as nanoinihe, pile cndi snlew ' canlpl'exion, genel'rl mIlcucllclar wepakess, indigestion, loss of nplperie. slhortness of breenth, pains in the back, nervous hedlachle, Mr. J. S. T. M1'Gow-I, lender of thill ILabor party in the N.S. W. Assembly, wans scai by our 'rePo teer in connueeclionll with the remarkable ense of 'l'homlas Jarvis. air. tl'Gowen says lhe hils known Jarvis fronl infancy. He also know that ihe had to give up his work at Gleho Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to n mlalldy which lie developed. 11i afterwalds heard that Jurvi os was l-ridden, and that there wavs little chancel of his recovery. IIHe understaod larvis was refused ad luissisan to the Sydney Ilospital, as his cases had been preenounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyoneo lse who know the facts, astounded at tile complete recovery of Jareis. Dr. Willinlis' Pinli Pills are obtain allhe frcm all leading chemists, or fronm lthe Dr. Williamls Medliciue Cocy., Queen's Place, Sydnehy, who will forward (post lpaid) o receipt of st amps or post older 1 inx for 2s Dd, or dozon for 14s 9d. 