CHAPTER XXXVI. lo a closed house, lonely and dreary as a vault—to empty rooms, where not a footstep sounded—to a ghostly horde of memories, that it needed strong nerves to exorcise—came .lames Langrishe in the dusk of an October evening. The two servants, hastily warned, had struggled with damp rooms and damp fuel, and sent to the town for provisions, and done their best to make some sort „ of preparation for their master, but nothing that hireling hands ever do, can give to rooms that home look which love can bestow on the most commonplace surroundings. The doctor entered, with the mist and damp of the chill autumn evening still clinging about him. The clang of the bell ho had rung at the front door still echoed in the distance, the light of the solitary lamp in the big, gloomy hall made everything shadowy and vague. .Bridget Lehane, who admitted him, murmured an apology for things not being straight. The intimation of his coming had been so sudden. He made some impatient rejoinder and threw down his nig and Gladstone bag. and went into the dining-room. The lire was doing its best to bum cheerfully, but the chimney was damp, and the coals had only smouldered. The large lamp that stood on the sideboard , gave out a friendly light, but it had : been hastily trimmed, and burned un evenly, and the smell of oil was self evident. He looked around with shud dering distaste as lie drew oil" his gloves. Then lie rang the bell hastily. 4 Take some hot water to my room,' he said. *Uy the way, what room is it you have prepared for lui-r' 1 The blue room, sir: the others was all being disinfected, and the papers had been stripped off as you ordered.' 4 Yes, yes. 1 might have known there'd have boon nothing done. I know what 'Irish workmen are. In heaven's name, bring me some lights, and get this lire to burn. The room is almost as cheerful as a churchyard, and the smell of paruftiue is enough to knock one down.5 4 I'm very sorry, sir, but we was out of oil, ami shure, we had to borrow this from Moll Duggau till the boy brings up what we ordered. IVe only got yer tiligram this morning, sir. an' the place was all unsotlike, an' cook an' I had our hands full iver since.' 'Do what I tell you, and don't talk,5 lie ordered, sharply, and llridget retired, to tiiul candles, and get hot water, grumbling all the time at the 1 onray sonableuess5 of men, expecting to find everything so straight as an arrow for them, an' nivor lettin' on to anybody that they was comin5 back. After dinner, James Lnngrishe despatched a message to Dr. Couolly, who lived in the town, requesting hiiu to come up, if possible, that evening. It was nine o'clock when he appeared, the coachman having waited for him hy .Tames Laugrishe's orders. Ho was shown into the dining-room, where the doctor was sitting over his wine. lly his side, on the polished mahogany table, was a heap of letters and papers. The t wo men had a long conversation. It was evidently satisfactory, Lndgct Lchrtnc brought in glasses and sodawfitcr about hnU-past ton and set the fcpiritbtaml on the table, and then asked if any thing more wax needed. Her master dismissed her to bed, and the tuo men drew up their chairs near tue file and continued their conversa tion. About half-past eleven Dr. Conolly left; the doctor rose also, ami proposed accompanying him as far as the lodge, llotli men had had their fair share of the whisky and soda, hut Dr. Langnshe only seemed to grow morose and reticent orer his potations, while his companion became genial and communicative. •The night was very dark as they ^topped out from the hall and turned down the almost leafless avenue. The giouud beneath their feet was damp and thick with fallen leaves. The rain had ceased, jmt neither moon nor stars lit up the gloomy walk. cc not seen ths ghost vet, I suppose, IzmgrisJie?5 said Dr. Couolly, a> they walked briskly on towards the lodge. 'You know von're credited with one here. !Xot a soul in the pJaco but talks of it. 1 wish she'd favour u witli a visit now,5 and he laughed boisterously. * Dot these same appari tions are too wise to show themselves to anyone who would be a creditable wit ness.' ' What nonwnse is nil this V said the doctor, savagely. ' "Who k spreading reports about me ? It will be worse for lb em if I catch tlicm.5 'Oh, not about you. I never said that. * Iney only say a woman with a riiaul over her head, and a verv awful face heavens, Langrishc! '"What's that boiorc us—don't vou see?5 I Sec 1 I see nothing. Arc vou drunk, man, or dreaming? Whv,*it's pitch dark.' II know it, but ifcmk, Lan®ri«hc, walking straight before us. A woman's hj^ire, as I live. I'll light a match.5 Hie spark of it illumined the darkness for a moment. Deyond its circle of light was a faint, misty out Imp. A cold wind-sighed through the stripped branches overhead. Then all I was darkness again. I folly is this!5 exclaimed .James langrishe, fiercely, 'and the idea of you taking it up, "Cmiollr. I thought you had move sense.' lI certainly thought I saw a figure moving before us,' said Dr. Conoliy, doggedly, and it's uo joke I'm telling you, Langrishc. Scores of people buve seen this thing. Sometimes it is seated at the foot of Dead Woman's Hill, as if waiting for someone, and sometimes it nalks to your lodge and down this avenue. . . . There . . , bv heaven : man, as I'm alive, I see if. Where are your eyes? . . . Look straight before us—facing us. Good ness ! what an awful face.' 'I he cold sweat stood out on .Tames Langrbhe s brow. He clutched his companion's arm, and stood for a moment gazing wide-eyed into the darkness, swaying like adniuken man. 'Some fool is playing tricks on us,' he muttered. ' There's nothing there nothing.' Tlicy were half way through the avenue now. Suddenly, through a rift *.n the clouds, the moon shone out pale and watery, yet distinct enough to show the yiath before thorn. Nothing was there. James langrishc hurst iuto a harsh laugh. 1 thmh, Conoliy,' he said. i wy whisky was stronger than we thought. A. pretty pair of fools we are, to turn g'uost-seers at our time of life. Come, hurry on ; I'll keep my word, and see you to the gates. Perhaps the ghost «'ill oblige me hy waiting till I return, ami acquaint me with a reason for fie qucuting my avenue,' [TO SK CO.YTI.YL-RD XT*" WESX.] Bclvpcn -i.noo and 2,5110 convicts are dii charged venvly on tUkm-o(-U»ave. The most extensive remeterv in the world is that at Kmne m which over 6.000,000 human beings frav? been interred. Returns show that 16 persons in 1,0,10 who am roufined iu lunatic asvluias have been mods insane by love affairs.' The telephone which extends over the longest route is ihn! between Boston and St. Louis, a distance of 1,400 miles. On jubilee night 500 detectives in plain idotl.es were stationed in different part, of the L.ty ot London during the illumination.. A pair of gloves passes through about ''(hi hands from tho moment that the sirin leaves the dressers until the gloves are purchased bv tue mtcudmg wearer. 