ADELAIDE HARMON IE SOCIETY. At the Bijou Theatre on Saturday evening the Adelaide Harmonic Society opened a short season with Planquette's sparkling comic opera, "Les Cloches de Corneville." after many week? of careful rehearsal under the musical direction of Herren Van der Leye and Heinicke and' the stage management of Mr. J. H. Lyons. Among the numerous operatic societies which have at various times been formed in Adelaide i the Harmonic Society is rightly entitled to the premier place. Since its inauguration 11 years ago & number of operas have been soc oeufnlly staged, including such works as "Boccaccio," "The Lily of Killamey," "Madame Angot," "The Grand Suchesse," and " Nell G Wynne." So well nave these been: staged that it not surprising tbatahe Bijou was crowded on Saturday evening, ???e those present being his Excellency the Governor, who was accompanied by Miss Burton, Miss Harmer, Captain WalUngton, and Mi. Conybeare. The production was quite np to expectations, being generally excellent. The scenery, specially piiyiirii for the occasion by Mr. TDland assistants, was appropriate and pretty, the dresses bright, and the grouping of the chorus and t?H?my striking, while the dancing, especially that in the opening of the third act, was a feature of the performance. The main objection that could be found was that the piece was too toe for the stage. The orchestra, under the conductorsbip of Herr Heinickeand led by Mr. A. C. Quin, gave ex- \ cellent account of itself in the overture and inter-act parts, bat stowed a want of rehearsal in places, and occasionally made itself objec tionable to the chorus and principals in its The part of Serpolette gave Miss Jtannie Nelson great opportunities for displaying both lier vocal and histrionic powers, and of tbese sho took every advantage. She threw that amount of life and vigor into her portrayal of the obstreperous and high-handed protege of old Gaspard which are essential to so unruly and autocratic a demise], who full of the thoughts of her unknown parentage and persuading herself that she must be some lady of high degree, at least a duchess, acts in a manner that according to her notion of things is suitable and proper for such a rank. The scorn and contempt with which she treats the village girls, her rebellion against the servitude in which old Gaspard places hsr, her high Behse of her own im portance when in the third act she imagines she has discovered herself to be the duchess she dreamt of, and her disgust when she discovered her mistake — through all this the ever present gaucherie -of the irrepressible country waif were all cleverly and consistently pictured by Miss Nelson, and her singing throughout was all that could be desired. Such songs as ."I may be print-ess" and " Look at that and look at this" were beard to the very best advantage as given by Miss Nelson, and several of her numbers had to be repeated. Miss Rosie Monten proved herself to be an artistic and pretty little actress its Gemmine, the supposed niece of Gaspard, though in her singing Bhe showed evidence of suffering from a severe onld. In spite of this she gave the numerous solas that came to her lot sweetly and with a taste that won marked approval, her "Bells of Corneville" with the "li'mg dong" chorus having to be thrice re peated, while more than one of her ducts with Mr. Nitschke mat with a similar fate. Mr. B. Nitechke as the Marquis de Comeville had ample opportunities of displaying his powers as a "vocalist in such songs as " With joy my heart has. often bounded," and though his dialogue was rather spoilt by his too constant need of the prompter's assistance, he .was more than once compelled i to respond to an enthusiastic recall. Mr. F. P. Eaves made his first appearance in a serious character as Gaspa.nl, and it is enough to say that the performance was one of the best in which be has been seen. His portrayal of the character of this sordid and grasping old miser ' showed a deal oi careful study. Indeed it was in every way all that could be desired. His tyrannical treatment of those in his power, his cringing fawning demeanor towards those who could help him, his secret; vindictive malice and hatred towards those who came in his way were all finely marked by the actor. In the scene in the ghost-haunted castle where he is seen gloating over his hoarded gold Mr. Eaves excelled him?eif. His fear when he heard a sound as of someone moving in the castle and hastily tries to bide his secret wealth was as aptly displayed as was his horror when he saw the shrowded figures that enter the room and mistook them for the spirits of the bells; the bells of CorneviUe, of which it was. said they would ring out on the day the young marquU came home. This turns the old man's: thoughts back to earlier days, and a gentler! feeling enters his breast. Then the utter dread and horror that seizes his whole being . when the young marquis reveals himself was' portrayed with life-like intensity, and won: general recognition. Mr. J. H. Lyons makes the Lest of bis opportunities as the Bailee with j his vast idea of his own importance as the im- j bodiraent of the law, an essential characteristic I of the composition of the bailee in comic | opera; and Mr. Price makes Gpbo, the bailee's clerk, a most ridiculous ami amusing personage. Mr. Albert Hawke* is not by any means a born actor, but as Grenicneuse, the scheming fisherboy, he has ample opportunity of displaying his powers as a vocalist, and this be does most efficiently. Miss E. Roberts was a pretty and graceful Su?snne, and the minor parts were filled by the Misses Searcy, Clark, Pizey, and Mr. Bradley, who all acquitted themselves satisfactorily. The opera will be repeated this evening, when another crowded house is expected. 