STRANGE ENTANGLEMENT, C5IAPTER IV. JaNEr Tnonre's dwelling, a small, thatched cottage, more picturesque than commodious, stood a hlttle off the road about thirty paces from the fir plantation. On this particular evening she sat as usual in tbhe warm-cushioned Wind sor chair by tihe bright wood-fire in the clean little kitshen, briskly plying her knitting-needlee, whiloEffie bustled about "making work," so as to delay the frugal evening meal. A step sounded on the little gravel garden-path. Ellie sprang to the door, and, as she opened it, the young gamekeepor appeared on the threshold. "It's rather a late hour to come at all, in my opinion, Mark Roy," re marked, Mrs. Thorne, from the fire. "But, as you are here, you'd better come in, or the draught from the door will give me the rheumatics for a week." "All right, grandmother," an sewored the young man, good-tem poradly. "lI'm orry ics late, and I'd have waited a better time, only I wanted to speak particular to you." "Abl yes-I know-I know " mumbled the old woman. "Buet marry in haste, and repent at leisure, they say I " "Not much haste with us, Mrs. Thorne," laughed Mlark, resting his~ gun against the wall. " Why we've been courting more nor a year. We know each other's temper pretty well by this time, you see. And I have the lodge ready, and only Elio herself is needed to complete it. And as sure as I'll be a gool husband to her I'll be a good grandson to you." "I know it, lad-I know it I I've not a word to say agin it; it's only Edi'e youth. Well lad I if it must be, it must be, and I won't longer stand out. So let us have supper." "Oh, granny, how good!" cried Effie, laughing and blushing as she leaned over the old woman and ktssed her cheek; while the gamelokeeper, catching her hands, ehook them so heartily that the knitting-needles fell to the ground. At this moment the sharp report of some firearm rang through the still ness of the night. " What's that ? " ejaculated Mrs. Thorns. " Those confounded poachers " exclaimed Mark, seizing his gun. "Jim must Lhvo come across them. I must go to him. Good-night-good night, Effie." The young man threw his arm round hIis companion's waist, pressed a kiss on her lips, thouen started off at a run down the road. Mirs. Thorne, who had been in such a hurry for supper, was now drowsy, and anxious to get to bed. Eflie as sisted her to rest, then came bsok to clear away. In a few minutes the table was cleared, and thie girl, in no hurry to sleep herself, drew granny's chait to the fire, sat down, and feill into a train of pleasant thought. Abruptly she lifted her head. Was there a step in the garden . She turned to the lattice, and sprang up with a stifled cry, foi a dark form flitted past the window and a white face glauced is. " Goodness I what's that ?" gasped Effie. The door opened, and the person entered hurriedly. The cry that had risen to the girl's lips died away as, running forward, she exclaimed: "Oh, Miss Aldhun! is it you ? Gracious " "Yes, Eflie," replied Grace, moving forward, one hand before her, as the blind walk. "Let-let me eit down awhile." " Oh, Mics ! what is the matter " proceeded Effie, pushing the Windsor chair nearer. " You look like a ghost I Y?ou are ill I " " Yes, yes l " said Grace, sinking into the chair and extending her trembling hands to the blaze. "l've -I've been frightened. I've been ill all day," she went on rapidly; " but this evening, feeooling inclined for-for a walk, I was coming here to speak about your trousseau, Eio." "Oh! miss, Ihow kind. But you haven't surely come alone " "Yes. I did not think there was any danger," went on Grace Aldhun. "Lucy advised me not, but--but I persisted. Whenou, however, I wase coming through the wood I was startled- frighltenod." " By what, dear Miso Grace ? " " A man-a poalcher, I think. The poachers are about, aren't they ? Mark said so. Then there came a shot, and I was frightened still more and fled. You heardl tbhe shot-you must have heard it." "Yes, miss. MIarkl Roy was here and started off at once. It is them poachelors; that's true, miss. Dear, dear I how ill you do look 1" "I did wrong to come, The dark nose, the man, the shot so startled me that I--" She burst into a violent, though almost silent, fit of weeping. Efflio regarded her in bewilderment. The fir-planutation was not a pleasant place to walkl in at that lhour certainly, but she thoughlt Miso Aldhun had pose seseed stronger nerves. For a brief spaco neither spoke. The stillness was broken only by Grace's sobs. Then Elfio leaning eagerly forward, said : " Oh I miss, you have hurt your hand too 1" Grace Aldhun looked upon it, and shook like an aspen leaf. "It is blood," she said, " from these scratohoe. " See I" and she extended Iher lacerated thandn. " Wlhen I hIeard the shot I fled-fled I scarcely know whither. I loft tho patht and broke my way through thie busheo; but I can't go tltrough the wood again Efflo--I dare not. I was fooliae foolish, to come alone-to come at all." "You shan't go alone, Mise Aldhun -that you shanu't I" remarked the girl. "Dear, dear I you are lookling a hlittle better now. Pray, takel a glasse of wnater-a little eider. Then I'll run by the road to thie house, misd, sud got some of thie servauts to isee .yoU homo." " No, no I" iutorrupted Graoe. " Do you think, Pfieo, I would allow you to go alone ? Wait; I shall soon be better." Silo lay bael in the chair and Efflie took a netool opposite. After ai few minutes Grace looked up, a faint smile on her face. "I am perfectly ashamed, Eflie," she said, " of being so nervous and overcome. I must be ill-I feel so and I mast get to Dowerholme at once. But I dare not-I will not go through that wretched, gloomy wood I" "Nor shall you go alone, Miss Aldhun-for I will go with you." "No. Did you say Mark Roy had been here ?-that he had gone to tho plantation 2 " " Yes, miss; to the deep tarn." Grace's faint color faded to a deadly white. "The night is so quiet," she pro. eeeded, almost eagerly, "he might hear your voice, Eflie, if you called. He might see me to Doworholme--by tlse road. Tell him not to soearch after the pnacbhors; let them go-I prefer it. Go--calll Try if you can makle Mark hear. It is getting very late; I must go home." Ellio, proceeding a little way up the road, soon made the still night echo with the sound of her lover's name. HIer voioo reached Mark Roy, and brought him back full of respect ful, humble hobivalry for his young mistress. With rough sympathy he assured her tlhat all was safe now. Thio poachers had got clear off, and the plantation was free of them. " Nevertheless," she remarked with a faint smile, " I am a coward, Roy, and would not go through the wood again to-night even with your escort." "If I were you, miss, I'd never come through it any more at all at so late an hour," said Marki respectfully. " Be sura I will not," she ro?spoded, laughing again. Eflia was pleased to see her once mor heorself. Bit Grace knew she was becoming hystericual, and hastened to leave with Mark Roy. She walked quickly and in silence, occupied by her own thoughts, while apparently listening to the gamne keeper, who sought to beguile the way by recitals of poachers. Just as they turned a bend in the road a man leaped over the hedge into the path before them. Grace Aldhunu, with a suppressed cry, caught tihe arm of Mark Rfy, who was quickly on gnoard. The gamekeeper had grasped his stick, but in a moment joyfully ex claimed : " Why, miss, it's Master Charlio I There's nothing to fear." The gentleman, withl the deepest concern regarding Grace's alarm, said: " Miss Aldhon, how can I ever for give myself for tihe fright I have caused yao ?" Hardly had he conoluded the sen tence when the lady floil prone to the earth" So it was that Grane Aldhun and Captain Charles Ashurst first met. CUAPTER V. It was the comme noment of No. vembor, but winter was late in coming this year. The air wams bright and clear. The mellow tints of October had crept into the month. It was sunset. A slumbrous quiet reigned, which perhaps had affected the trio seated on the terrace that ax tended along thel western side of Dowerholme. Of the trio only one is a stranger.to the reader--thls pretty, bright, chir repy old lady, in black soft silkr, and a snowy lace cup. The thlor two are Grace Aldbun and Captain Ashurst. The former sits in a low, comfort able chair. "lMastdr Charlie ".him self had wheeled it out. on to the fter race early in the morning, for tihe young mistress of Dowerhelme is a nonvalesecent. Her cheek is wan from recent illness yet there is a change in her, as in the entiro place. The sad ness is not always in her eyes now; her lips inhave learned the trickl of swoeet laughter, while her countenance has an esxpression Captain Ashorst never feels weary of contemplating, even as hIe is doing now seated on the broad steps of the terrace, a wellfilled game.bag at his feet. One little monuth ago Captain Charles was free and willing to roam wherever destiny should take him. Kinless, all places were alike in his opinion. Now lao was a voluntary prisoner at Holmne hurst. Did he drug himself away, it vwouldl be to leave Iis happissoUs bobiud him. Certainly, from the momunt he had first lookeld upon her beauty, his heart whispered to hIim that he had at last met the solo being on oearth who could afoet his fnture-indued, that in the lovely girl before him he had met his fate. Deeply concerned at having been the cause, he believed, of Grace Aid hun's indisposition, he lihad raised hier in his arms and carried her to the house. The dootor was summoned, and found that the girl had fallen into a kind of cnataloptio stupor. She lay without movement, and seemed totally unconsoious; yat her eyes were wide open. To ensuro good nursing he des patched Mrs. Weldon, a widowed aunt who resided with him, to eact as her attendant. So a weoek had passed with scarcely any marked alteration in the pltint. The doctor looked grave, and Cap tain Aeshurst, thonugh inot blaming himself so much now, felt that he coull not leave Holmehurst while Miss Aldshun was in danger. On his arrival boooming known, old frioends flmked round witil hearty greetings, for Mniaster Charlio had been a universal favouritoe. He received invitations from every side, but pro lurred stopping whore ie had firut put up, at The llhaymakers, because the inn was so much nearer D)werhiolmo. MIine hostess of Tie HaIymakers Ihad received him with open arms, though a feeling of vexation, of whichl he wias not the cauose, had seized her. " Give you a bed, Mauter ObCharloa ? " ohe exclaimed, in reply to his appli cation. " That I vwill, with all my heart I My only trouble is Ihat, not expeo:ing you, it cannot be the best." " How ? IHivo you other guests, Mrs. Watlly ?" hle a?sied. " One, and an uncertain one, ier. Charleu ; and that' th the 's ohit of it," she answered, bustling about. " IHo came yesterday, and slept here last night; but he pays for everything just as he has it, for he says at any moment he may be called away, or leavoe sudden. It's my opinion -" iMrs. Waddy stopped short, and glanced over her shoullder. " What's your opinion, eli 9" smiled the captain. "Why, Master Charlio, I klnow what I say's safe with you," proseeded the hostess, dropping her voice, " but I shouldu't be surprised if tios Mr. James Walters ain't done something wrong-got in debt, may be, or taken somebody elseo's mosney, and that them London police are after him." "Good gracious I Why, Mra. Waddly ?" said Captain Aehurst. "Because he's so strange like. Never going out but after dark; pay ing, as I say, for everything at once; and making all manner of inquiries about the plaeoo. HeI's out now. I wish he mrayu' come back, Mastor Charlio, then you can have the best bedroom." " Pray don't wish it on that account, Mrs. Waddy," smiled the young man, as he sat down to the refreshiments the landlady had hastily propared; "remember, a soldier is accustomed to rough it." His meal ended, Captain Aeshunret thought he'd take a stroll. Seeing Mrs. Waddy in the bar as hlie passed, he stopped to ask whether Mr. James WValters had returned. The answer was in the negative. "Perhaps," he laughed, "I may meet him, for I'm going to take a look at the old plase while I smoke a cigar. I must be careful though that my friend, Mark Roy, does not mistake me for one of his enemies, the poachers.'5 " Ah I he does hate 'em, for lots of trouble they give hime. I fancy they're at it to-night, for Sam says he's sure he heard a shot a little while back in the direction of the plantation, Master CIIarles." " Really I I'll go and see." Thus it came abount that Captain Ashurst met Grace and Mlark. When, at a later hour, he returned to The Haymakners, and went to the room prepared for him, Mr. James Waters had not put in an appearance. Indeed, " the best bed-chamber," Mrs. Waddy'se pride, never beheld him again. Tie next day, and for days that grew into weeks, Captain Ashurst be came its ocoupane, and ,Mr. James Walters was forgotten. At the end of that long stupor Mrs. Weldon, one morning approaching Grace's bed, lhad found her weeping quietly but bitterly. In alarm she sent for her nephew ; but Doctor Wel dou regarded the patient's tears as a good sign; and from that time Grace Aldhun bege.= t7 'eovor. In three dayd she left her bed; in two more she showed a keen anxiety to learn all tho news since her illness. She inquired so kindly and minutely about everyone that Mlrs. Weldon, glad to amuse her, gave the account which she had received from Captain Oharles of Mrs. Waddy's strange guest. Grace had listened, her hands clasped, her lips compressed. " And did Mrs. Waddy make no inquiries ? " she acked. " My dear love, what inquiries could she make ? The man had paid her and gone suddenly, as he had hinted he might do. She feels convinced that he was hiding from the law, and was only too delighted to give Captain Ashurst the best bedroom." "Is Oaptain Ashurst still hero then ? " " My dear, do you imagine lie would go until he knew you were out of dan ger ? I really never saw anyone so concerned as he, considering you are straugers. He's been twice every day to inquire. But that's just like Charles Ashurst--ever thoughtful for others I " "You know him well, Mrs. Wel don 2 " "I should thlinlk so, my love ; ever since his father, General Asburta., was shot on the field of battle, and Mr. Martin Aldhue adopted his old friend's son. Everybody in Holmohurst knows him, and what's more, loves him too." " Of course, I must see him, if only to thank him," smiled Grace, with listless indiffleronc. The next time Captain Ashurst called he was received, and from that moment Grace Aldhuna's listless apathy began to give way. In vwiu she struggled against the influerce, the new fooling eroepiug ovwr her. The young officer's presence was a plua sure to hebor. It was only when too latoni that shoe kro his society hoad grown a uounecessity. She tried to fight against the irnow lodge. Its poweor was too great, and she yielded. " \Vby should I not ?" she mur mured, as she capitulated. " What has my life beoon that I should reject real hIappiness when it seems to offJr itself? Is my whole existoneoo to be blighted by that man ? No I " After that reeolve Grace Aldhun changed. Sho abandoned herself to tro happiness of the hour - cast thought behind her as fir as shoe was able. If there were times when snl feoring, terror, madness ireturned, she orushed them back, or only yielded in the sileout night-watches, when none were by to witness. No sooner lhad Mrs. Weldon left the terrace that bright morning than Cap tain Ashurst drew himself on the top step and almost to the feet of Graco Aldhnn. "I am sorry you do not intend to keep up the preserves, Miss Aldhon," he saidi, continuing the couversation. "Oh 1 I will preserve enough for you Captain Asnhurt," laiughled Grace. "Even that, considering thie excellent shot you are, will make Mark Roy's ofice no sineoure. IHeI will not grumble though, for to him you are a dlivinity." " Just because I rarely miss my bird," responded the oftiaer; " but in India I practised daily." "In order to shoot lions 2" "No, Misa Aldhur," was the grave reply; "in order to olshoot a man I" " What?" The word came like a gasp. Her lips had turned bloodless, her small harondul nervously clutched the arms of hur haoir. H. did not notice her agitation, and continued " Miss Aldhun, there is a man now on earth whom I have sworn, if pos siblo, to meet in fair fight and kill I One day, if you will permit me, I'l tell you why, and you shall judgo whether I am right or wrong. Wrong I Do you think it can be so to rid the world of an unprinoipled villain, a blnakleg, murderer ?" Recoiving no reply, he raised his eyoes. Graso's head had fallen backi, her eyes were fixed, and filled with an ex pression of intense horror. In an instant the oflicoer was on his feet, and bending over her. " Miss Aldhun-- GOraee I" he cried, too much beside himself to heed his words, " what have I done? I have frightened you! Forgive me I Never san I forgive myself 1" Her gaze turned eagerly upon his handsome face, so full of concern. Passively she allowed him to retain the hand he had seized iu both his, unconsociously pressing it to his breast. " Do you then think it is justifi able to send a bad man to his ao count ? " she asked tremulously, "Do you not think there is some thing awful in a bad man being sud donly removed from the world with all his sins upon him? Oh, I do, Captain Ashuret-I do l" she added excitedly, " whether it be by his own hand or that of another that he is slain." " It is awful," replied the officer, ready if necessary, to forswear what he had said, for her sake; " but I did not mean it in that way, believe me, Nothing would give me greater pleasure than to know this man had ceased to exist; yet I could not mur der him. I pray you not to miscon strue my words," he pleaded anxiously. " I'd rather I had never loft Iudia I'd rather I had never soon Dower holme - I'd rather have died than that 1" His agitated, impassioned voice aroused her. She raised her beauti ful eyes in wouderment. They on countered his, and the secret of the two hearts stood confessed. A burning blush suffused the girl's hobeek. She partly averted hler face; her lashes fell; every nerve shook. "Miss Aldbunn-Grae," he im plored, " do not turn from me. I see that the secret I have so carefully guarded is now revealed. Before I saw you I knew not what love was. On that night when we first met I loved you. Banish me, and hence forth I must live a desolate existence. I can never love again. Oh, Grace, may I hope ? Give me but that and I am content." Still holding her hand he had sunk on his knee by her side, and now, his lips pressed to her fingers, awaited her answer. But Grace Aldhuu did not speak; she could not. Her averted face was buried in hler hlandkerchief. HIor brain swam; she was conscious of a great happiness, blended with a sense of alarm almost akin to horror. Captain Ashuret, speaking again, aided her. " You are ill 2 I have startled you," he said, tenderly. " Not ill, but-yes-startled," she answered, rising and forcing some steadiness into her voice. " You you have taken me by surprise, Cap tain Asburst. You do me great honor, but-" " Ahl I " he cried in passionate en treaty, as he gazed into her white face, quivering with emotion. "Do not say at once you reject me. Give me some hope, or am I so indifferent to you? " " You underrate your merits," she murmured. " Wore I as unselfish as you, Captain Ashurst, I ought to answer you now, without hesitation. But I cannot. I asl for-for time to reflect." " You give me hope II can wait, even with patience, knowing, dear Miss Aldhun, that it is your pleasure, a weeook, a month, a year I " " I will not put you nor myself to -so severe a trial," she interrupted with a wan smile. " I ask but a few hours. Come to coeeoo in the drawing-room at eight. You-you- " Her voice seemed to fail, but, exerting herself, she continued: "I promise you an answer thenu. Now, please, I will go into the house." Happy, even content, he gave her his arm and led hler to the French windows, and she left him. He watched her graceful figure glide through the darkening room and dis appear. Thou, iris breast filled with a joyful hope, he recrossed the terrace, loaned on the balustrado, and gave himself up to reflection. He felt certain, a whisper at his heart told him, that Grace Aldhun would answer "yes." IIoHe was aroused by a step on the terrace. It was Mrs. Woldon, her plump hands full of wools. " Where is Miss Aldhuln ? IHas she gone in, Captain Charles 2" she asked, as ehbo put the articles on the table. "Yes," lie answered. Theno, going to her. "Dear Mrs. Weldon, to-night I am to learn my fate from hler lips." " Never I" ejaculated the old lady, dropping into a seat from surprise. "It is true. The wish that has beeoon in my heart ever since I saw her, by accident my lips spoke a quarter of an hour ago. Miss Aldhun asked for time to consider, but promised a reply this evening." " I am glad of it, Captain Clharles, and sincerely wish you sucesos I" ex claimed the old lady. " By the ex pression of your features, I fancy you are pretty certain what the answer will be ?" "Yes," he laughed. "I am daring enough, dear Mrs. Weldon, to think I may esteem myself the happiest man on earth." " Then I congratulato you. It some how seems, according to the fitness of things, that you should be master hero. Yet-dear, dear I-wiho would have thought it a little month ago I" smiled the pleasant old lady. "It was all owing to your first moonlight walk, I'm sure. By the way, talking of that night, I have just heard some news about Mrs. Waddy's mysterious guest." " No i" romarked the officer, feeling bound to say something. " He has not turned up again with detectives at his heels ?" "Not exactly. But there is a, woman who has 1oon downo to, or is still down at 1joliehurst making inquiries about him." " Without result 2" " W\Vithout result naturally. Mrs. Waddy knows nothing, exoept that he paid Iher, went out, and never eanmo back." " Oune of those mystoriousdisappear anoes which are occurring every day. I suppose he has given the poor woman the slip,"said Captain Ashurst. "Ah I here comes Mark for orders. Excuose me, MIrs. Wellou ; Is hall, of course, be back to coffoe." Throe hours later, Captain hshurst, with quickcued pulses, entered Dower holso drawing-room. The Savres tea service was on the table from whence Mrs. Weldon usually administered coffee; the silver urn discoursed low musio; but except for the captain himself the apartment -was as yet uutona?ted. Searcely however had he taken his place cin. the thick white hearth.rug, than Grace Aldbun appeared coming through the silkeu curtains whioh separated the two drawing- rooms, She was still excessively pale, and there ware traces of. recent tears upon her cheeks. Nevertheless, in her half veiled eyes was a tremiulous light of joy which did not discourage the lover.. Advanoing eagerly, he extended his hands. Silently she placed her little ones in them. " Miss Aldhun-Grace," he said in a low, anxious tone, "am I the hap piest man on earth ? , "No; I cannot say that," she anewered with a smile. "I am but woman; not? the angel, Captain Ashlurst, that your love would malts me. But if you will tatke me as I am, I will strive to be a good wife, for I love you." " Content I 01, Grace, my darling, my beautilul Grace l " he cried, in rapture. " Was ever man so blest as I I " His arms enoiicled . her graceful figure. He drew her to his breast. She yielded to his embraoe; but as her lovely head drooped on his shoulder a strange, cold shiver ran through her frame. {To be cotieltued.) 