. ^MERrCAN.ElOaUENCE. A man on his trial for murder, in New York, was successfully de fended hj his .counsel, in the follow ing grandiloquent speech :— - , . ? ?. Gentlemen of the jury, 'Thou shalt not kill.' Now, if you hang n-y client, you transgresB the com mand as slick as grease, and' as plump as a goose's egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, ' murder is murder, .'whether committed by twelve jurymen or an humble individual like my client. : Gentle men,.! do not deny the fact 6f my client having killed, a man. No such thiDg, gentlemen. You may bring the prisoner in guilty, the hangman may do his duty— but ?will that excuse you? . No; in that case you will be miirderers. Who among you is' prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped on . his . brow to- day ? — 'who, free men? — who in this land of Ijberty and light? Gentlemen, I will pledge my ownvword not one of you has a bowie knife. No' gentlemen your pockets are odori f oreus with the fumes of cigars and tobacco.. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe, of a peaceful conscience ; but hang xny unfortunate client au.d the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principles, of our animal viscera1 until the spinal vertebrae of your anatomical construction is turned into ? a gigantic railroad for the grim and porv goblins ? of desDair. Gentle men,beware of committing murder ! Beware, I say, of meddling with the Eternal Prerogative ! Gentlemen, I adjure you, by the manumitted ghost of temporary sanctity, to do no murder. I adjure you by the name of woman, the mainspring of the ticking timepiece of time's theoretical transmigration, to do no, murder. I adjure you by the American eagle, that whipped the universal gamecock of creation, wrid is now roosting in the magnetic telegraph of time's illustrious transmigration, to do* no murder ! And, lastly, if you ever expect free dogs not to bark at you, if you ever expect to wear boots made of the free hide of the Rocky Mountain buffalo, 'and/ to sum up all, if you ever expect to. be' anything but sneaking law-flung, rascally, braided, small erids of humanity, whittled down intoindis tinctibility, acquit my client; and save your country.- . . .- , : . , !- The prisoner was acquitted. r: ?;?'? 