MAX O'RELL summarises Australasia: "Only John Bull upside down." MAOBILAND GOVERNOR RANFURLY is a furiously enthusiastic stamp collector, Zox may be punningly and financially defined as "The Apostle of Vested Interests." KYRLE BELLEW made his first appearance on any stage at the old Solferino diggings in New South Wales. BISHOP GOE has lately been struggling with the art and mystery of lacrosse under the tutelage of an Adelaide visitor. "MR. JERSEY," registered English owner of the Australian horse, Merman, is when at home Mrs. Jersey Lily Langtry. MR. FRANK GAVAN DUFFY, the well-known barrister, has only just celebrated his twelfth birthday. But then, he was born on the 29th February. SIR GEORGE GREY is actually about again after his severe illness. It is difficult to realise that this tough old man explored Western Australia 57 years ago. Sir George was born at Lisbon, Portugal, in 1812, and is thus 85 years old, so failing health is to be looked for. WARDEN TAY PAY M'INERNEY, of Melbourne University Senate, in 1880 gained the Shakespeare Scholarship (£150) Schoolmaster John Reford Corr was proxime accessit. TYSON, the millionaire, was born at a place called Cowpasture, in New South Wales, 74 years ago. He gives a dinner to the inmates of a benevolent asylum on every birthday of his. MADAME ELISE WIEDERMANN, whom Marshall Hall declares to be the soundest teacher of singing in this metropolis, is in private life Madame Pinschof, wife of the Consul for Austria-Hungary. AUSTRALIAN-NOVELIST "TASMA " (Madame le Couvreur) is now Brussels correspondent of the Times, and it was to her that flowery Flora Shaw sent sealed instructions concealing the proposed South African rise some time before the Jameson raid. PEOPLE have had many and curious ways of celebrating the year of the Diamond Jubilee; but Slaters, the London private detective, -has certainly hit upon a unique method. He.advertises that in honpur of the .record reign : he will "give his Bervices gratuitously to any-personin the kingdom of sixty years of age desiring a divorce." An —i-— •* cent offer in all seriousuesBajppears inLondon Daily Telegraph. ' "'• LEGISLATOR DICK WOOD, of S.A., invariably calls the cyanide process the "Kyanide?' To be Adel£ide ,nd Kmgsto^andpronounced brain him if he did, or have him run in asa public nuisance, calculated -to provoke , a ,breach of the peace. BARRISTER WILLIE MULLEN, who is jfirst favourite for the succession tp the District Coronership when Coroner Candler steps into the place of the departed Youl, is a groat Shake ouairespeare bcliolarsmp to 1883; Willie as also S i ^ S S t S S k 0 f t h a t a W f a l artificial ONE of the actresses who came put with the Chinatown Co. had a small diamond setin a-fr^nt w i i 1 ^ t attracted much attention on fchefirst few nights of the performance -The young lady Ts bu^no^Sfot ^ was removed, but _not before she -had gained a newspaper reputation torier "dazzling We." RECENT references to Peter Lalor and his relations asa fighting family of rebels, who loved freedom for her own stake.and would rather fight for her than eat a meal at any time, recall instances of Peter's strength of character and iron wil. On one occasion, when he was speaker of Victorian Assembly, a member disputed his ruling and began flourishing English precedents and quoting May all over the shop. May is no authority here! Ejaculated the speaker. No authority cried The astonished member, then who is I should like to know? I am Lalor said, with Emphasis that the MP suddenly succumbed. It is not May here is not May here, said Peter, it is must ' ^! „• °T e sbo f p M no authority her© \" ejaculated- the Speaker. - a «"No yj s authority," no authority cried here! the I astonished S M ! ^ ^ member- fi™,.^ -"-then who is, I should life to blow?" .« famf' Lalor succumbed. " it is must, It .is ;Uot Mayihere;' ^aad Peter; a FATHER MILNE CUBRAN, chum and fellowworker of the late Julian Tenison-Woods, who has given up church work to join N.S.W. geological department, is now recognised as the authority on Australian gem-stonea Earlier and most competent workers were the Rev. Dr. Bleasdale, •who published - many papers thereon in " the old "i Colonial Monthly, and the late G. Milner Stephen. PRAHBAN-CANPIDATE BARRISTER GEOBGE MAX- WELL originally had designs on the church, but turned aside to join the Devil's Own. So George, •when piety is on top, will be able to beat Gray at his own game in a canter. George is a Bachelor of Arts and of Laws of Melbourne University, an excellent speaker with a Boanerges delivery, and brainy to boot. His chairmanship under the Factories Act was a cute bait for votes also. , , ... BEN TILLETT, who is in Australia for his health mainly, but also to make a bit aB a lecturer if will find very little money in it now. The labour party is too busy trying to get sufficient bread and meat for its shillings to run much to Union lecturers. The big labour gun, John Burns, was offered £1000 cash and his expenses to lecture in Australia seven years ago. Who would offer half that now ? SIB HENRY PARKES was once emigration lecturer in England. Expatiating on the beauties of New South Wales to a Birmingham audience, he was suddenly interrupted by a man who called out, " Don't believe him, boys! Parkes gets JE1000 & year to tell you this." " You aie a liar!" was Parkes' prompt and decisive reply. Parkes .explained to a few friends afterwards: "As a matter of fact, I get ,£1200 a year." LABOUR CORNER AND ITS FEIENDB (QUARREL AMONGCT "" THEMSELVES OVJEB ~ ' TOMMY ~ ATKINS. Mr. Dea&in.;—" LAY 'EM OUT." TBENWITH, FIBK LOW AND AT present weekly trial performances are being given in the Town Hall ©f the causieitip* of thp g ....... own *um the capacities of the r S f T ^ ^ ^ ? ^ musict^ as to 'he re^ T h t S s oTthl programme are all severaSy c ^ S it ?eSg considered that the National airs' standard of organ music set by David Lee is now played out. THE Prince of Wales has accomplished one record that is worthy of note. For over 600 years, indeed ever since the title was crated~heislhe only Princeof- Wales who has^urSjo'r retained the title long enough,-to-see a son married. All sach an event came oS. When the Duke of r n c e * e d ^ looked as if tlfqW luS Sthe title were going to cling to Albert Edward. THE little Customs raid on the Melbourne Club is the outcome of strong suspicions enterLined for a long time past thatl^he q L S o f Eng ish made clothes seen in Melbournl had nTtcome inthe course. In this connectiSL uTed to b one constant-traveller to and from Eneland who used to boast that he kept'ten Melbo™ fShTont^® 8 'f d ° thes broushfc ® ut in his ^ggage. But 1 ®. lon w S t ere dutie 3 cease from roubl m £ and jugglers are at rest. CHAPLAIN JOHN YOUL, 1 vul the late Coroner's father —~ ' • J , , J >^joroner^Planner, > " D '™ U5 vAironer BiaiQer, nce married off wholesale thirty couples in one day, using the same; ring for aU the blushing brides. He was a very spare man in build, and while a missionary in Tahiti, he was put si d e by cannibal captors to fatten, his spare habit f body prevented his becoming sufficiently succulent and toothsome. He was spared from death on .conditionthatThe w^ld'^tlTa razor he ad which was. much ^ S d rf tSe^ Z^e mind, shave thirty Tahitians oue after another without cutting any of them. He did it. L A S T Sunday week Chief Commissioner Chomley attained the age of sixty-five, which, excepting in the case of the Audit Commissioner, is understood to be the uttermost time-limit of Publie Service, There is, however, no sign of the Chief's retirement, although there are murmurs of a question n Parliament on the point. The last time one was raised the proposal that Mr. Chomley should retire forthwith was defeated by 60 votes to 5. ARTIST GEORGE COATES, the last winner of the Victorian Scholarship, fell right into the midst of the Australian colony of artists in London. A few nights after his arrival in New Babylon he dined with a party including Phil May, Rupert Bunny, Davies and Sculptors Mackennal and King. CotUes is now in Paris, and already a naturalised citizen of the Latin Quarter, the locale of Trilby, Svengali and Sweet Alice, Ben THE Tank is up to date every time, or if he isn't there he's thereabout. Some few years ago that popular U.S. authoress, Kate Sail born, rented an old abandoned farm, and restored it from sere decay to fruitful yield and a bit over. Her experience she described in a bpok, "Adopting an Abandoned Farm," which became immensely popular. Now, an up-to-date Yankee land-agent, with his eyes skinned, advertises:—"' ADOPTING AN ABANDONED FARM.' The scene of, and the former home of, the popular novelist, Kate Sanborn ; three minutes from station, post-office and electric cars; now offered at an abandoned farm price; 11501b. horse, cow, hens, pung, sleigh, double and single harness, farm wagon, new democrat, tip cart, wheelbarrow, grindstone, all arming tools, &c.; " MR. J. C. WIL- LIAMSON in his remarks on the public and charity enter- , feinments repeated ' the gist of a recent PUNCH paragraph: —" When charitable entertainments are given, it is necessary to give the public five times the value for the ordinary money. Then they go away with the glorious feeling of having done something for charity." Usually the only charity displayed on such occasions is on the stage, where the performers work for nothing. At a recent charity matinee a young actress, who asked sixpence fora special program me, was told by a pompous old We are willing to do much in the cause of charity, but will not permit ourselves to be imposed upon." And yet on that occasion the people were getting the material for two ordinary performances for the price of one. MB. R. A. FBASER, the patentee of the Automatic Railway Door Controller and Station Indicator, at present in London, is now in treaty with the Midland Railway Company in reference to its adoption on their lines. Mr. Fraser has successfully floated a company in 50,000 shares for the manufacture of his patent fuse igniter. THEBE have been rows and ructions lately between the conductor and committee of one of the big musical societies, culminating in the secession of the conductor, who, it was Alleged, exhibited a natural but excessive penchant for his own private pupils in selecting solo performers. Marshall Hall has been mentioned as a likely successor to the rebellious baton-wielder, but the Poet-Professor's comparative inexperience in choral work is considered by some a decisive disqualification. NANKivfsLL, the young Melbourne black-and white artist, who has made a place for himself in a ^ l i K ^ • T « TT * r? I m Japan. S billet ^ if he Vwould ^ ^go to t London; e f f butjNankivell l ^ ^ u preferred ^ the States, ^ and ^ struck 'Frisco, where he started Chic on his own, and made a boom with it in a few weeks. . But the inducements to go east were too pressing, and so the young man took on New York. THE volcanic eruption in the Labour Corner during last week has long been expected by those acquainted with the internal dissension that have for a long time been smouldering and kept smothered in the , bosoms ^ of u. the wgouww Lygon-street Party. The very extreme section of the Ministerial Corner have always complained bitterly of their leader's conciliatory tactics, and have seen in them aspirations towards an alliance with the Liberal as distinct from the. Labour p»rty. Current rumours of Trenwith's probable entrance to the Ministry have accentuated the bitterness, of which Prendergasf s conflict with his leader was the first outward and visible sign. DB. SPRINGTHORPE has just circulated amongst his intimate friends a most beautiful and artistic memorial of his late wife. It is in the form of a morocco-bound album containing portraits of the deceased lady and her children, -together with some highly artistic designs by Mr. John Longstaf f - These drawings are works of art, which "" .j:;;.. j- i e i will make this veritable edition de luxe of permanent value from the artistic standpoint alone, while'the sentiment of the whole must make the olume a cherished memento to the lady whose p emory it will immortalise. Some original poems n by the Doctor^himseH are also contained in the albu m - __ . THE Rontgen rays are proposed to be used in Britain as an expeditious means of examining passengers'luggage. But the fact that the rays will not detect differences of quality, weight and p value seems to have been overlooked. A diamond and the common corundum of a drill-yea, even common graphite or coal-would come out almost absolutely the ^ J 1 tiverays Also, how^ dutiable articles wrapped up materials opaque to the giddy Xrays are to bo detected likewise is a problem that will mean many an uneasy night to the head that wears an official crown. FORREST explored a great deal of West Australia. twenty years ago, and the land grant with which he was rewarded by the Government was the foundation of the great forture he now possesses. The Forrests owned the best sheep - station country in W.A., hut sold out, and their subsequent specs, were all "good'uns." THE association of Herr Benno Scherek with Mark Hambourg in the recent concerts is really an interesting one, considering how Scherek himself came to this part of the world. He, like Hambourg, was in his time a boy prodigy, an.! made a tour of the world. He was at that tiru.- recognised as one of the most brilliant pianist living—and he is that still, and might win backuniversal recognition as such if he liked to devote himself to that ambition. It was in the coursc- of his tour that he met a lady in New Zealand, and while Cupid flew in at the door the ambition to knock around any further flew out of the window. Scherek is a Pole. It is questionable whether there is any finer pianist resident in Australia. LA-WYES M'INERNEY has discovered a way for the Chinese factory to dodge the Factories Act Under the Act as is generally known one solitary lop- eared Chow working in a shed constitutes a factory, and is liable to all sorts of pains and penalties if he refuses to conduct himself as such. Up comes Mr. M'Inerney with pleas that a naturalised British subject is not a Chinese within the meaning of the Act. Sam Tick declared in court " Me all a-same Englisman—my father .Englisman, my mother Englisman, me Englisman." Sam was born in Hong Kong, and as a Britisher is entitled to dodge the Act. After this we may expect that every yellow, slit-eyed pig-tailed Confucian brought up for neglecting to register himself as a factory will declare himself a Cockney frcm Canton or Yorkshireman from Hong Kcng. There is already a Chinese laundrjman in one of the southern suburbs who calls himself John Bull, and a Chinaman was seen at Brunswick last Sunday week wearing a bunch of green ribbons, and crying out, "Me Ilish! rue Hish ' AT Rickards' variety show Will Whitburn has been singing an - absurd song parodying the ridiculous Latin phrases with which doctors ami doctresses lard their professional remarks. The text-books provided for studentsfor matriculation lend themselves just as readily to extravagant ridicule, with their pompous array of scraps of the defunct language, and long, lingering Latin names that are about as significant to a student as so much Choctaw. Take the books on botany, for instance, wherein the sense of the English is killed by the Latin spasms and long nine-jointed terms which hide the "identity of-the common or garden cabbage or the familiar daisy, and make the carrot an unspeakable mystery. Why this parade of italicised erudition if not to make the subjects ten times as difficult as they need be, or to enable the impractical professors to air their knowledge of a dead and decayed language? English is equal to every emergency; the pedauts have simply created the necessity for Latin in a dozen professions by draggingin, whenever oppor- 1 —' J — te '~" J ~ A J tunity offered, a ten-syllabled "-"-J *—- foreign word to J ~ do duty in place of a two-syllabled English one. THE familiar ghost is said to hatfe appeared again in one or two of the suburbs, and Warrnambool is just now haunted by quite a fearful banshee that breathes fire and looks like a superhuman horror straight out of a German ballad. They used to have a ghost of a formidable kind at a little township near Ballarat. He was a tall, white ghost, with fiery eyes and a blue breath, and he appeared on a, certain track near the local pound at irregular intervals. One afternoon a number of young men went and dug a hole about eig-ht feet deep rat the spot where the spook used to start put of the scrub, and turned water from a dam into it. Then they covered aU loosely with boughs •and earth; and waited and watched. That P ^ h e -alkef and two mmutes later , half-drowned person, fitted with water and covered with mud> wa P s dragged out of the trap, and the ; watchers - were about - - to • give the - spook - what • — for when they discovered it was a woman: They held the banshee prisoner, and fent for some women, into whose hands the supernatural visitant was delivered. What happened , to the ghost subsequently no man knoweth, but that township has never been able to raise-another spook. \- VIOB-COMOI; MOT^OBJ;^ .;I*» lAna^es, Calf wntmg m ^ ^ b ^ ^ r Mejourne ^ P^® ? f ^ fP™ ^ Southern California, whither English and Austmlian emigrants have b^n lately turning their attention. "Los Angeles," writes Mr. Mortnner, " ^ more than its share of physimns/ awyers. mus i ° teacbers cler ' k ®> book- keepere, real estate a £ eDts ' P&^ons, amateur journalists and other non- producers. TUere are upwards of 1200 unemployed men .here, and a number of law ers, doctors, parsons and other .professional men are employed on relit-f. works with pick and shovel f or 4 S . a day. A recent advertisement for a music teacher produced 65 replies from persons willing to teach for as low as 7d. an hour ! • Most of them were .English women, who had come .to California 'to better themselves.'" The Vice-consul mentions n ciden tally that the British Consul-General at San Francisco had tald him in a despatch that things were even worse in ^Frisco, where "there is. much di^tressamongBritishfenbjects,especiaUyeducated ersons of both sexes, teachers of music, goveresses, professional men, etc., who come here from \- - ' • • - - mistake, and British subjects should not coiue to California unless sure of employment beforehand." So Victoria has not been the only stuckeB ortion of the globe after all I . Another , . . n Llltle roiltical Difference GEORGE REID, the globular N.S.W. Premier, scales eighteen stone five. MAORILAND AGENT-GENERAL W. P. REEVES is one of the few Australian politicians who declined n Jutilee title. MRS. MAX O'RELL has written a curtain-raiser, " 'JVo in the Dark," to precede Max's own " On the Continong." PREMIER TURNER was always the earliest to lied at the Hotel Cecil, and Premier Reid was invariably the latest to rise. DECIDED by an American court that it is quite legitimate for a barrister to shed tears in court with a Hew to influencing the jury. QUEEN VICTORIA has altogether sixty pianos -. jittered over three royal domiciles. PUNCH : glad it lives at the antipodes of those pianos. LORD SALISBURY will probably die a Duke Veais ago there was some talk of this title being •• inferred upon him. Now the matter is revived. YOUNG WHITE, the inventor of the cliainlesS, i'-igless bicycle, is son of an English ironfounder. BKUNKER, at present acting as chairwarmer tor Georgius Rotundus Reid, will, almost for a certainty; succeed Saul Samuel as N.S.W. Agent- < General. IN Melbourne Benevolent Asylum is Agnes Smith, alleged to be the first white woman who landed in Victoria, and further alleged to be 1 lt> years old. THERE has been much talk in Parliament of kite about the prohibition of "tacks." This, we presume, is how the growing influence of the bicyclist makes itself felt. FRRNCH CONSUL - GENERAL BIAUD D'AUNET happily suggests that Australia should exhibit at the Paris Exposition of 1900 as one united country, not as a lot of individual provinces. " WET" WRAGSE signs himself at the foot of •.•very letter—"Clement IJ. Wragge, Govt. Meteorologist of Queensland, Director of Chief Weather Bureau, Brisbane." What a long tail our cat's -ot: FLOWER RAINTER MRB. ELLIS ROWAN is doing splendidly in New. York, getting far more commissions than she can possibly execute. The climate she finds rather trying to her health, though. GEOKGE TITHERADGE is selling his famous daffodil bulbs at great prices, having orders booked from all the seven Australias. As the bulbs cannot be lifted till December, George will not leave for England till February. KALGOORLIE, the dry-blown and fly-blown, is actually starting a, soap factory, Next it will start a show, doubtless, to manufacture water from the hydrogen and oxygen of the air. After tJwt an influx of barbers may be expected with reasonable confidence. DR. WILLIE MULLEN, who name is being freely put forth round town as the likeliest to succeed l»i- Youl, has more degrees than any other graduate of Melbourne; University. These are Master of Arts, Bachelor of Laws, Bachelor of Surgery and Doctor of Medicine. Willie practised both as a doctor and as a barrister until he joined the Public Service some sixteen months ago. 