TO PBOBLEAI COM POSERS. The " Auckland Weekly NewB," which receives fr«quenc contribu tions from Mr. Joseph Smith, pub lishes the following communication from a correspondent. It is a fitting pendant to the recent assault on Mr. Smith's honesty as a problem composer" My son, hearken unto my counsel; despise it not, so Shalt thou escape uiany Borrows. Thorny is the path of the pro blemist. Grievously torn are his feet, walk he never so warily. With long travail he bringeth forth his first device and sendeth it to the journal of a city hard by. No way puffed up Is he, .vet confident withal. Then cometbto him from Caissa, the scribc, a letter of evil tidings. It showeth a second solu tion, " yet it sayeth-' There are some pretty males, yea, also, the idea is excellent,' and suggesteth reconstruction. As he readeth a virus sinketh into his marrow, yet he knoweth not that problem phobia is in him and that he shall be grievously afflicted. With a cheerful countenance he began; now he Iaboureth mightily with knitted brows-yea, he giveth good heed, and seeks out and Rets in order many cunning devices. Thus days and years are consumed; he conoeiveth a new idea and Iaboureth thereat, yet can lie not prevail, lie layeth it aside as incorrigible; but behold that idea bsunteth him-yea, like a ghost it followeih him whithersoever he goeth. He cannot choose but heed ; he becometh abstracted in manner, his'friends wonder, they shake their heads. Be goeth to bed, but sleep cometh not He broodsth there till wear}" nature will no more. Asleep, the fiend leaveth him not. He loseth flesh, thou mayest tell his bones. At the last he perceiveth the way it should be and the order of it. Then be saith, 'With sore travail have I found this, now shall I rejoice greatly.' And it came to pass in process of time that what he bad wrought was published, and men said it was well done and the thing was noised .broad; and b-hold after many days it was told him ' It hath been already of old time, thou bast stolen this,' and that saying was grievous unto him and his wrath was kindled not a little. .Then said he in his heart things" that his tongue refrained from uttering. Moreover, he said, ' Lo, I am sick of this, I will compose no more. and herein he spoke unadvisedly Bnd as a foolish man doth. For not many days after he findeth that his strength hath passed from him. He can in no wise keep from his board, and this is a sore grief unto him. In vain he signeth the pledge; he breaketh it again and again and returnth to his board. A ? inhibition order is of none effeot. n vain be craveth help from his friends; there remaineth naught for him save the asylum for.pro blemists. There haply he may be recovered ol his disease. My son, choose none ot his ways." 