THICHIIi AND THE OBliSINiL BOOK 1— THE CRIME. (THE STORY ACCORDING TO ME. THOMAS. TENNANT.j CHAPTER IX.— (Continued.) 'My dear Keeley,. the Putney mystery be-, tongs to ancient history. Won't you liave another game?' ? 'But it seems to me that this Three Bridges business is quite as pretty a puzzle. What did he kill her for? They talk about getting up a sweepstake in the ' office. The possible reasons to be put down on pieces of paper, and whoever draws what proves to be the right one when the fellow comes to be tried and hung to take the sweep. Now, what should you say he killed her for?' 'Would you mind changing the subject, Keeley. You forget that I have been ill, and still am very far from well, and that the topic is hardly one which is likely to appeal to an invalid's brain. I think I'll have a little whisky, Lucy.' I had a little whisky. In fact I had a fairish quantity; I had to, since I had to boar the burden of Keeley's conversation. That particular topic seemed to be the only one he had inside his head. He harked back to it nearly every time he opened his mouth. Had I .not known the man I should have concluded that he 'was doing it out of sheer malignancy. But I did know him. I knew he was thick-headed. Lucy was not of the slightest use. She went on sewing in si lence, as if all subjects were indifferent to her. I was glad when Keeley rose to go. . I went with him to the front door to see him off the premises. After he had gone I re mained standing on the steps to get a inouth fol of fresh air. It was a dark night; there was no wind, and there was a suspicion of fog in the air. I was standing on the bot fora step but one. ' The nearest lamp-post '\vas some distance down the road. What Avith the darkness and the mist I could not see any of the lamps on the hall doors on the other side of the street, it was very quiet. There was not a sound of footsteps nor of any sort of traffic. Suddenly, while I was thinking of nothing in particular, except that Keeley had been making rather a greater ass of himself than he generally did, I saw something begin to shape itself in the air in front of me. It did not come all at once, but by degrees. First a dim outline, then feature after feature, until the 'whole was there. It began to take the shape of a face. It was a face — a wo man's face — her face — Ellen Howth's. For the second time it had come to me, unwatch ed for. undreamed of, unawares, a visitant from the dead— come to me 'with its awful, staring eyes. There could be no question this time about my having drunk too much. I was as sober as I ever was in my life. I can give no adequate conception of the havoc with which I realised that this was so, and that the face was there. It came slowly towards me. The idea of a closer contact was more than I could endure. As it advanced. I retreated, backwards, up the steps. Still the face came on. I got into the house, and banged the dooi\ as it seemed to me, just in time to shut it out - 1 stag gered against the wall. . Lucy came to me, as I stood there trembling. 'I was coming to tell you to come in. You will catch a cold.' Then, perceiving my state of agitation, 'Tom! What is the mat ter?' 'Lucy, I have seen a ghost.' 'A ghost?' 'As I live and breathe, I have seen a ghost. Oh, my God!' 'Tom!' 'This is the second time I have seen it. I have a premonition that the third time will moan death;' There came a knocking at the door. Lucy 'It is Mr. Keeley back again. The ser vants hare gone to bed. I will open and see.' It was not Keeley. It was a short, broadly built man. with a bushy beard. Other men 'were with him, though I could only just- see them standing in the shadow at the foot of the steps. The bearded man addressed him self to me — 'Are you Thomas Tennant?' 'That is niy name.' 'I am a detective. You are my prisoner. I arrest you for wilful murder.' Then I saw that the men who had been standing at the foot of the steps, and who nowj uninvited, were entering the house, were constables. 