0 U R IS T 0 R Y . THE HAPPY VALLEY. A Reminiscence of a Tramp in the Austrian Tyrol. By Mary Elizabeth Blaice in tiie Irish Oath die. ( Concluded .) We copied a few inscriptions from the wayside houses : "To the friendly care of the dear Lord Jesus this house is commended by his servant, Nicolas Veriz" ; " With praise and gratitude to God, John Sennoner and Barbara his wife first crossed this threshold on the nineteenth of August 1748 " ; " Thou little house in Alpen land, God preserve thee in His hand " ; " Klein, aber Mien — A little thing, but mine own." Charm ing little glimpses of modest and upright souls, blending some thought of higher motive with the ordinary routine of life. To the very summits of the rounded heights which rise one or two thou sand feet above the main street of the village slope the cultivated farms ; long furrows of corn, acres planted red with beets, or crisply green with salads, mathematical squares of broad-leafed turnip and cauliflower, or grey-white potatoe blossoms. Slender streams drop in bright threads from the rocks above, to be divided into hundreds of thread-like slice- ways irrigating the country side like arteries of life. Behind the irregular ranges of near hills lift the bold peaks and splintered crags of the real Dolomites, in naked grandeur of bare rock or snow-powdered crest. Father and higher yet, towering ghost-like in the pale distance, rises the splendid peak of the Langkofel, like the tower of some giant cathed ral, strange, illusive, shadowy, more vision of mountain than a tangible material presence. Indeed, through out the entire Tyrol the Dolomites partake of this Strang i unearthly quality of beauty. Splintered, jagged, broken into spire and buttress, ram part and battlement, or in one stern majesty of uplfted precipice filling the horizon with a mighty wall, there is ever something vague, un- real, to wmcn tne cnangetuiness 01 colour under different atmospheric conditions adds. Times they are wraiths of dead mountains, pallid and grey, stricken to dust and ashes, the slender pinnacles surmounting their lofty crests rising like spectral things into the grey sky ; times again they absolutely blaze with colour— orange, and purple and deep chrome yellow, strange splashes of crimson and scarlet, like blood-stains of some prehistoric tragedy dashed against the tawny sides, which seem to palpitate with light and life under the blazing sun. Never were such modes and temperaments known be fore to inanimate nature ; it is easy to discern why, the spell of the Dolomites once known, it can never be forgotten. The Grodnerthal lies at the gate of all this splendour. From its quiet paths these awful summits can be reached ; and its sweetness of homely content adds to the savage grandeur of its mighty sentinels. Those of the inhabitants not occupied in farm ing, or in the few trades necessary to the welfare of the villages, are busied almost exclusively with the carving of wooden figures for church decora tion. As the faces of the villagers of Oberammergau are said to reflect something of the serenity and rugged virtue of the roles they assume, so this quiet and holy work appears to have left its imprint on the characters of the people. The young man enters upon his apprenticeship as soon as the simple requirements of the school are fulfilled ; the old man, " Ohne Hast, Ohne Rast," finishes his quiet days in the same employ ment, either in a workshop of his own or as one of a society of master workmen who unite to form a school. The endless loving care with whi-g the successive steps are followed which change the shapeless block into the living or dead figure of the Saviour, or the tender mother, or the familiar faces of the saints, is novel to one accustomed to the cut- and-aried methods of ordinary labour, where the day's wage is the only end in view. The artisan of the Grod nerthal works, too, for money, and no doubt is anxious over rate and tariff ; but he goes farther — unless looks belie him — and the sturdiness of Paul or of Peter, the lovingness of f tnAmf a no tmn/o at f Ka JUUU) L11U lUXXUltU pablVllV/U VI LJ.J.W Great Master, or the benign helpful ness of the Blessed Mother, make their impress on his heart as their resemblance grows beneath his skilful fingers. He uses no machine to dull the sense of personal responsibility ; and something of the delight ot the artist dwells constantly with him. It is wonderful to see the skill these simple men attain in the anatomical and artistic perfection of their carv ing. They are less happy in color ing ; primitive taste, and the uni versal love for brisrht tints, leading \- - - u .' w to an excessive use of blue, red, and gold, which detracts somewhat from the value of their work. Still, the result is often remarkable. There is, among, others, a Virgin of Sor rows, just within the entrance to the nave of the small Pfarrerkirche at St. Ulrich that, for utter self-forgetful- ness in grief, matches anything we saw in the length and breadth of Austria. The entire church is rich in decoration which we understood to be the work of the parishioners. Up and down the valley, along high-road and by-way, on public building, and private house, in view point or out-of-the-way corner, the way-side shrine, from life-size cruci fix to the tiny figure of the Virgin with its ever-fresh handful of wild flowers, makes the eyes glad. The pathetic crudeness of some was but more touching evidence of sincerity of motive. Only purest faith and love could be conscious of the spirit dwelling behind them. It is hard to understand how the most protesting Protestant can help feeling the beauty of such evidence of devotion, such mindfulness of spiritual truths, thus betokened along the ordinary paths, so that they may inspire memory. If it be well to renew Datriotism and self-resDect bv com- memorative arch or public monu ment blazoning a great deed or a great name before the eyes of man kind, why not quicken the well- springs of heroic virtues by keeping their material semblance close to the common walks of life ? Is it to be imagined that there, is not strength and comfort in those moments of recollection when, like the poor peasant we saw to-day climbing the rough path under her heavy burden, and pausing for a moment with closed eyes, and folded hands, they receive a benediction before the image of the dying Saviour. The answer to the question is ready in the earthly content that fills those clean, bright homes, and the higher joy that overflows the churches on Sunday and holyday. From far mountain side and distant valley, over long, hot trails and devious windings 01 solitary ways, the people press to the Masses with feet that have forgotten their week day tire. I well remember the delight and novelty of entering by the heavy oaken door of one of these small chapels in the grey, late after noon of a stormy Saturday and find ing more than fifty men about the confessionals, among less than half as many women. It was a bonnie sight, and so far as we could learn not an unusual one. Perhaps it somewhat explains the hearty, sym pathetic, winning qualities of a race whose consciences are thus kept at peace with themselves and the world. The stalwart independence of the Tyrolese is in grateful contrast to the subservience one notes among the peasant classes of the rest of Europe. In whatever station he may be placed there is about him a fine self-respect that bespeaks honest manhood, and a finer flower of courtesy, which shows itself in the remotest moun tain chalet as in more conventional towns. To the American, accus tomed either to the insolence or in difference of the lower classes in his own country, asserting their inalien able rights as freemen to ungracious ness, there is more than usual charm in this dignified politeness. It cheers the loneliest road with friendliness, and brightens the darkest day. Young men and old doff the hat with fro aqcd nf rrontlotalv onrl fro nloo _ sant " Gruss Gott !" or " Guten Tag!" of the women comes always with the hearty smile that is. more welcome than words. Climbing up the long, lonely trail of the Falzarago Pass, on the steep, high paths be tween Gerlos and Krimml, in the lovely valleys of the Zillerthal or the Aschensee, or the sunny streets of Innsbruck, it is everywhere the same, and sends the traveller on his way with unconscious lightness of heart. Nor should one forget among causes for gratitude the Drettv- custom of lighting tiny lamps at night before the wayside shrines, to shine like guiding stars on the path of the belated wanderer. It was the delghtful combination of thrift and content, prosperity and kindliness, that warmed Catholic hearts in the Grodnerthal. To be sure something like it had been noted before in the Catholic cantons of the . Tyrol there was not even the possible advantage of a republic to explain the unusual comfort and happiness. Here was a peasantry well clothed, with sufficient interest in life to make toil of the working day welcome, and rest of evening glad. Every night the village band made music in the fittle square : sound of the zither came from flower-decked windows ; old men sat smoking on the long wooden settles before the house door ; women, knitting even in the dark, chatted and laughed over garden palings or in groups along the narrow lanes ; and the children babbled over with quiet laughter as they pranked about together. It was the homely comfort of a wise people whose cares were kept as simple as their pleasure. The mild eyes would open in quiet wonder over Herrschften, who could venture from America for love or Irmcnncr nf thnf nlHpr wnrld. Arh Gott ! Yes ; they too knew America ! The brother's Hans were there, or the cousin's Gretl. Perhaps the Herrschaften knew them ? No ? Well, no doubt, it was a large place. But they too had travelled ; once to the great fair at Botzen, and Fritzl here had even gone to Franzensfest to see the manoeuvres. That was far! But truly the Thai was so altogether lovely — what good was there in going out of it ? One hot day as we swung, .Ruck sack on back, down the clean white road, we came upon the preparation for a rustic merry-making. There was something infectious in their mirth, and splendid in the free, large, easy-waisted figures of the brown young girls, stepping vigorously over the five or six miles of steep ascent on their way to the holiday tryst. They were ready to sing and dance and return again over the long way in the lingering twilight. To see them leap a brook, or jump a wall, or climb the breathless short-cuts across mountain pastures, rosy with health and laughter, and free in their strong shoes and short skirts as the lads around them, was to sigh for the physical degeneration of the civilised woman. Refinement has much to answer for in the nerve-ridden, weak- shouldered, slight-hipped, narrow- breasted race it has evolved, where it has had fullest scope, for the mothers of the future. But the Happy Valley is safe ; one could recruit the brawny heroes of old from the mothers of the Grodnerthal. 