THL j ^ j.ti.i: COURTS. 1 ? ? Monday, i xbuust 8. PERTH. (Before Mr. Cowan, P.MJ. DKTTBiKEraEss. — William Robin son pleaded guilty to having been in a state of intoxication, and ad mitted several previous convictions. Mr. Cowan : ' Off you go. Next time you will get nix months.' Illegal Betting. — A young man named J. Byrne, was charged with baring illegally wagered at the Canning Park races on Satur day. The defendant admitted the offence. A Mr. Whitehead came forward, and said that he had ac cepted a wager of £4 to £2 from the accused. He had received £4 from him, but not the £2. Mr. Cowan : ' You acknowledge that you were betting.' Mr. White head : ' Yes.' Mr. Cowan : ' Well, you are as liable to a penalty as the accused.' Byrne was fined £3, or one months' im prisonment. The fine was paid. An Unfortunate New Arri val. — A middle-aged man named John Walker, who looked very ill, was charged with not having any lawful visible means of support. The accused told the bench that be had been in the colony only three weeks, and was too weak to do any work. Mr. Cowan : ' You look half starved. I will remand you for seven days. So see what a week's food will do for you. ' Incorrigible. — A preposessing and neatly-dratted young woman named Susan Pirie was charged with drunkenness. The accused admitted the charge, and Baid that she was Irving on the Canning-road with her brother, and had come into Perth for her box. Mr. Cowan : ' It strikes me that you come into town very often for your box.' To the inspector : 'Is not this the young woman whose mother came OTer from Sydney recently for her ? ' Inspector Hogan: 'Yes, your worship.' Mr. Cowan (to the accused) : ' When last you were here you pro mised that you would go back to Sydney with jour mother, and yet when the boat was on the point of leaving you slipped awaj and got arrested at Fremantle for drunken ness. I will keep you now.' The Accused : ' Oh, Mr. Cowan, don't keep me. My mother is coining back from Sydney for me in a few weeks.' Mr. Cowan : ' Very welL You can go down for a month. By that time your mother may be here.' WiTiB Not StrFFicucNT. — John Kaiser admitted a charge of drunkenness. Mr. Cowan : ' What do you do for a living ?' The Accused.- 'lam employed at the Perth waterworks.' Mr. Cowan : 'The water's too bad to drink, I suppose, so you take to beer. You ran go,' Dxbokdkbxt Conduct, — A young man named William Kay was charged with disorderly con duct. Constable Jobnstone testi fied to the offence. The accused, who was defended by Mr. W. Smith, pleaded not guilty, and George Heath, who was in the com pany of the accused at the time.gave the constable's evidence a fiat denial The defendant was fined 10s., or seven days' imprisonment. Mr. Smith : ' It seems that as long as a man has a suit of blue his word is taken before that of any one else.' Mr. Cowan : ' The constable was sober, and these men were drunk. Next case.' Hi Saw Ghosts. — A finelook ing young man named Samuel Willis was presented on a charge of not having any lawful visible means of support. The arresting constable said that the accused had been sleeping out for the last few night*. On the previous night he found him in the gutter in St. George's Terrace, and on his being asked what he was doing, he said that he was ' looking for ghosts.' Mr. Cowan : ' Well, Til remand him to Wednesday. By that time he may have got rid of the ghosts.' A NkwLiajp. — An elderly woman named Ellen Barry was charged with drunkenness. Mr. Cowan : ' Ita about time you turned over a new leaf.' The Accused : ' I will, your worship, if you let me off.' Mr. Cowan : ' But you have made that promise before.' The Ac cused : ' But IT! promise faithfully this time.' Sub-inspector Hogan : ' She has not been here for some time.' Mr. Cowan : ' What do you do for a living.' The Accused : ' I'm at the wash tub from Monday morning to Saturday night.' Mr. Cowan : ' You must get away from it sometimes, or you would not get drunk. You can go this time.' Di8gustisg Conduct. — A power ful looking man named Michael Brady was charged with indecent exposure. Evidence was given that the accused had been guilty of disgusting conduct before several ladies and children on Sunday afternoon in Russell-square. Sub Inspector Hogan said that there were 51 previous convictions against the accused. A sentence of three months' imprisonment was inflicted. OBsc*im Language. — Robert Wilson was charged with having used obscene language. He ad mitted the offence, but pleaded that it was through his having put his foot in a hole on the footpath, and fallen to the ground. Mr. Cowan : ' You've no right to swear, even if you do put your foot in a hole. Remember that in future. Off you go.' A Sad Case. — A young man named Henry Marke was presented on a charge of lunacy. Sub Inspector Hogan said that the accused had been on remand, and had been examined by a doctor, who certified that he was now fit to be discharged. The accused told the bench that he had got the horrors through having had a few drinks while in a half -starved con dition. Mr. Cowan : ' You don't look thoroughly right yet. How ever, the doctor says you can go, so you are discharged. If you are destitute come round to my house and I'll get you a few shillings till you can get some work.' Too Young to Marry. — An elderly woman, Mrs. Smith, was charged with having used obscene language. The Accused -. ' Yes, I'm guilty. I did so, but I had great provocation from my daughter. She wanted to get married, and I forbade her, as she is too young. We had a row, aud I'm afraid I used some bad lan guage.' Mr. Cowan -. ' How old is your daughter r1' The Accused : '17.' Mr. Cowan: ' You're quite right. It's too young altogether. However, I can't help fining you. You must pay 5s., and 5s. 6d. costs.' 