SEQffiS STOg£. NOTH.IKG BEYOND. (CounanRD.) 'Yea' I replied, * but times have altered. I am very happy in the rank of life which I nave chosen; yon are equally happy in yours. Pleise remember tbat I am your^paid assist nut; you are Mrs. Carnegie to me in future.* Her bright face olouded over. ' Of course I love you all the same,* I could not help adding, 'but now let us see to business. I shall be ready for any amount of consultations after someone has brought me a cup of tea.' lira. Carnegie stood still for a moment reflecting, then she went to the bell and rang it. In a moment a neatly dressed maid appeared. . ' Bussnah,' said lbs. Carnegie, ' this lady v is Hiss Bobs, who has obme ito help ne. with oar theatrical dresses and this yonng girl is her assistant. Will yon kindly attend on Mies Boss, take her to her room, and do everything that is necessary for her. She would like tea immediately so have it brought, please. Also see that JL.ucy Price is made ; . ' -. thoroughly comfortable.' ,:? ' The girl, a bright, pleasant-looking orea :-;;':- . tare, answered in- cheerful tones'; the next ;:: I moment Mrs. Carnegie had left the room. ,?'. ? y- ? ? ? ?Tou would like to see your room, Miss H)ig!Uf4flMB|*jBtjTiT-mmiili_ .nj^uujx., jjuii-v-' ?.„ ??': ?:??.-.-?? ? .'lahonia very Thudh/lanBwerea. ..'if' :-?*'- - you will take me there now, I oan takeoff my bonnet before tea: Is Lucy Price to sleep anywhere near me P ' Yes, madam, she will sleep sot far away,' replied the girl. 'Come this way, please, Miss Horn.' . ? ? I called to Lucy to follow me, and accom panied Sosanah down one long .passage after another.' 1 I am sorry, madam,' said the girl, ' tihat car housekeeper has been obliged to place you in a room so far from your work-room, but every corner of the house is full. Ton will be very comfortable, however, and per haps you will not mind this slight inconven ience.' 'It does not matter to me in the least where I sleep,' I answered, heartily. The girl continued to trip on before me. Luoy followed behind. We had now entered the old part of the house, and very old and queer it looked. The windows warn narrow and low, the panes of glass diamond shaped, and so thick as to preclude the full ingress of light. We stopped at last before a heavy oak door which Sucunah opened, showing a neat and cheerfully furnished bedroom. ?This ia your room, Kiss Bosb,' she said. The ehapa of tho room, the size of the windows were of oour&p; old, but the furni ture was eseeotiallf light and modern. A splendid fire roared in the grate — in short, the queer cid-fa&hioned; room looked charm ing. ?And where is Lucy to sleep f I asked, as 1 laid down my h&ndbag; on tho nearest chair. ' I will take her to her room,' said the girl, the faintest shade of hesitation In her manner. ' We are sorry that she is to be placed there, bat there is not another corner.' ? I am sure Lucy will not mind where she sleepB,' I said. ' Of course not,' annwered Luay. * Come with me, Miss Price, then,' said Sosanah. The two disappeared, and I spent a few moments removing all traces of my rapid journey to Derbyshire. I was preparing to leave the room to find my way ba:k as best I could to my far distant sitting-room, when Lucy Pries knocked at my door. ' I thought I could show you yorur way book, MUs Boss,' ehe said. '1 noticed as we oame along ail the many turnings.; we turned w^wJo^M^^hofe^ima^-As^gJtaBk, if ve turn to the tight, we shall gain jour sit ting-room, madam.' 'Well, come along,* I answered ; ? it was clever of you, Luoy, to be bo observant. I hope you have got a nice bedroom.* * I don't know, madam.' ? You don't know f I said, for something in her tones surprised me. * Didn't the ser vaat show y--u your room?' ' She did, Mis: Boss. It seemed a littb lonely and far away from every one, but I daresky I shan' t mind it when the time comes. I generally sleep without rooking all sight. Oh yes, my room will do.' ' Of course it will,* I answered. ' Now help me to find our sitting-room.' The rest of the afternoon and evening passed quickly. Lucy was invited to have her tea in the servants' hall, and as soon as X had finished mine, Sirs. Carnegie came to fetch me. Lucy had also to be summoned, in order to bring down tho several bales of silk and etuffs which I had brought with me from town. X met a large party of ladies and gentlemen in the hall where the acting was to lake place — a magnificent room some centuries old. A stage was in c-.urei of pre paration, one or two artists vrero busily ' employed doing tho scono paluiiEjj. I un folded my parcels and :pra»d !bo glistening stuffs about. The tcdie* Vent into ruptures, the men criticised trtidy. I unfolded as briefly as I could .? p»jg;r»ttjnp which I had made up in my ow mini wUu regard to, the dreasei for the different aotors. Hra Carnegie was to take the part of Phebe, the Shep herdess ; two very tmnaanmo gMg who were staying in the house would aot respectively Bosalind atd Cnlia. I resolved to take especial pains with regard to Mrs. Carnegie's dress, and showed her some charming prints and cretonnes which would make up ex quisitely for the shepherdess's costume. My wish was, of coarse, to let the dresses be as rural as possible. I had firm ideas with regard to colour and certain broad effects which would look admirable when repre sented on the pretty stage. There were several really good actors and actresses in the bouse party, and enthusiasm lose to its neifrht when the scene of the Forest of Arden was enacted for the benefit of several . spectators. , It was lute before Hie ladies who : ; were to aot tad finsUy^ehosen their costumes.: y- . -'' *M as coJ^s^de^ wito omcerned. .Asi my custom was, I threw my whole ami into the -work, and as. was usual, found fljst my strong opinion! woe easily adopted by the amateurs who were present. ? - Before bedtime that evening the ladies had all ohoaen their costume*. I had taken their measures, and had arranged hours when each was to come to mo to be fitted on &b; morrow. 'Having done this moeh, I was tired and glad, to go op to my sitting-room: Here a tempting supper was provided for me. I made some notes, arranged my plan of work for the morrow, asked Lucy Price to take a message from me to Hrs Carnegie to the effeot that I should require the services of every available lady's maid in the boose, waited sntQ Juuey brought me back my hostess's reply, and then suggested to her that we .should both go early to bed. \- Fin anrs I'm dead with sleep,' said the . ^Well,ooBi6andaiioyit/Isaia. We left our sitting-room, again traversed tie various passages, turned aa before ever to the left, and soon reached my pretty, gm, old-fashioned room. It was a bitterly 1 coU night, and the fire blazed Ugh in -the 'Good night, Lucy,' I said, 'sleep well* nuamberweronitbenpearlyinthe mom '.'? ?-. : iagZu;.-.y:? ?' 'ji '?' ?- '?--- '-''.??-?'? ? ' . ?.tiooa.aighij Him Boat,' ' answered the ? -»ndlainlier*ftnd. . 'X wish,' she/aid, ifter ?'?-.?? « pause, 'thai jwdTjat jbone with me at ?V ' i?s*erF lonely.* ' '''''. J ' ' ' .: *Wu*i iam is Suuntih j she rffl take* on. Ob, wall, » you would like «ie to ew it, I mSAeomet^o,'l4iartBsaL,: .?.--? ? .. *aid fiusanau. bhe walsed down another long passage- at the end of which were two or three steps leading to a heavy oak door. This was pushed open, And we stood in Luoy's chamber. - - ? . If my room was old-fashioned, this was unquestionably not only old. fashioned, but eerie. It was a large room, three times the size of mine. An enormous four-l-oster ocoupiod the position of importance in the centre of the room. It was hung with heavy velvet, which may have been crimson tydsy, bat looked black at night. A much worn Brussels carpet covered the boards. The furniture would have delighted many a connoisseur, being veritably Queen Anne, with moth-eaten tapestry corara. In the1 light made by our few candles it looked dismal. Tho room struck one as intensely cold, and I looked with dismay at the fire less grate. ' Mrs. Mitchell, our housekeeper, is bo very sorry sue can't give ilies race a nre, nil Susanah. ' We tried to lljht it, but there must be some birds' nests, in the chimney, for it smoked awfully ; we were obliged to give op. We'U get a man to-morrow to sea if the ohimsey can't be pnt right. Perhaps you oan sleep for this one night comfortably, Miss Price. There are a gnat many blankets. and I will fetch a hot-water bottle for your bed.' . Sonanah tripped away, and Luoy turned to me. . 'So yon like this room, madam f she said. 'It is s little sloomy and dark by this light, certainly/ 1 answered,' 'but itiflin reality a vary comfortable room.' -^-Z4ak4aJo«aaahAj»jilinued,.Lupyr Mf ihere were any rooms beyond 'tiis, ind she saia,'No,Hhereisnothing 'beyond.' Jmust be tt the extreme end of the house.'- ^ ; ?Well, you are not far from me;' I ftns werod. ' If you arc nervouB, come to me. I -would gladly nave you sleep with me. bat my bed, as you noticed, is a very small one.' ? Oh, of course, I could not think of that,' said Luoy. She bade me ? Good night,' and I went back to my room. The contrast between my bright and par ticularly snug little room, to poor Lucy's dark but In some ways palatial chamber, could not but disturb me.'. I laughed, how ever, at the queer nervousness which had somehow come over me. ' The room is old-fashioned, but perfectly comfortable,' I said to myself. * Luoy sleeps like a top ; she will fall into a deep slumber the moment she lays her head on her pillow. Now, I mast not think of anything more, but get quickly into bed, or I shan't be ready for my hard work to-morrow.' I removed my dress, standing by tbe fire as I did so to warm inysolf . I had just pnt en my dressing-gown, whon a knock came to my door. I said, ' Come in,' and Lucy Price entered. Her face was perfectly white, her eyes dilated with terror. ? I can't sleep in that room, Miss Boss,' she Baid. 'What do you mean?' I said, really annoyed by the girl'B manner. ' Tou know, Lucy, you ought not to be so silly as to give way to nervousness. ' ? I know I ought not, Miss Boss, but I can't help myself. I feel that there is some thing wrong with the room— I can't account for it, for Fm not silly as a rule ; and as to ghosts, I don't believe in any such non sense.' .'Well, what do you mean to dot' I asked. ' May I sit on a chair in your room until the morning P I had much, much rather if I might.' ' You silly girl,' I replied, ' how would you be fit for all the work you hare got to do to-, morrow U you have no sleep to- night P besides, we have to be here for several nights, and you'll be just us muuh. alarmed at sleeping in that room to -morrow. You can't stay np all the nights you are here, Lucy. I am quite certain there is nothing whatever the matter. YomriU pnjbabJT Jind , tfwt you haro.got n. splendid room' which you will be proud to have occupied when you awake -in the ' Perhaps so, Mass Boss, but I'm not at all proud now — I'. m shaking all over; the fact ia, I can't and won't go back.* I looked at the girl's white face, and saw that she was really very much disturbed. After a brief pause'for thongbt, I saw there was nothing whatever to be done but to give her up my snug little bed, and go to sleep in the four-poster myself. ' I see yon cannot help your fears,' I said. ? You shall sleep here, and I will go into tfhe other room. When I have assured yon by a night's sound rest that that four-poster bed is thoroughly comfortable, perhaps you won't be silly to-morrow evening.* ' Ob, I un so grateful to .you. Miss Boss,' said poor Lucy. Tears filled her eyes, the * Foolish child,' I said, snulixig fit her. ' Sow go to bod, ar d to sleep.' ' I made a few preparations, and soon after wards left Lucy to her peacefulrepoBe in my snng firelit chamber, and went to the room s.t tEe. other end of the passage. It struck very chill as I entered it. I resolved, however, to get quickly into bed, and not allow myself a moment's time for thought. Before doing |so, I took the pre caution to look round the room ; as far as I could see, there was no mode of ingress but by the door through which I had e&tftred.; Tbe room was panelled with oak, and I thought it just possible that I might be dis turbed by rats behind the wainscoting. The windows were high, narrow, and set with diamond panes. Having satisfied myself that the room was all right, as. far ae I could see, I got into bed and pnt out my candle. Then I suddenly remembered that I had come away from my own room without bring ing any matches with me. ' No matter,' I said to myself, ' it is cer tainly not worth while disturbing poor Lucy now. The bed is quite warm and comfort able. I shall soon be in a sound sleep. Somehow -or other I never felt more tired in my life. T wrapped the bedclothes high, over my head and shoulders, and closed my eyes. I suppose ' every one knows tbe sensation of suddenly beoomicK intensely broad, awake 'ofter^ftu 3tas got -into' beov ^Badria *leQlbig : visits* one Bbv-'flnd1 then Jn nwnxenrs'Of' srfcsme wearineB. It -i-ari«--to~ mTTSiis* iistti T am a good BlBep*r!ss a. Tnle:1 bwt I found that I could hot Seep. 'Each moment became more intensely irakeful. T turned from side to aide in my large bed, mid wooed sleep as assiduously as if I were a lover. Sleep was coy, however, and would not come. If I had brought 'matches with me, 1 would have, lit my candle and looked around me on the chance of finding a book to read. In the otter' darkness I could not divert my thoughts, and I found them tn my own dismay, turning resolutely away from all cheerful subjects. I kept thinking, not of tbe work I was to do on the morrow, not of the beantif ol dresses whjsh were to grow into form and airy lightness under my clever manipulations, but of the eerie room in which I had found myself. ' ' There is nothing beyond,' I kept re peating to myself. 'This room is at the end ol tbe old house- The passage which leads to it U^ds to nowhere else. It is ridiculous to be nervous, but I am just a trifle nervous. I wish I bad matches. Shall I go to Lucy (ot them or Bat? I had not quite made up my mind, tew to act, when a strand in tha room caused my heart to :«tand still: It was -the stealthy (oand of afpoletep ~ I ciflled onS, - Who 6s there!' but there wag no answer. The footsteps seemed to be proceeding from the door. On they otme, tresSing nitty,. ?ery floftUr on the carpeted iloor, out'iiow&nil; .then making an old board creak as they procseded acrbsn the roam. I felt cold and sick. - Why bad I.venturod into this roomP Why had I given up my snug bed to Lucy Price ? Why had 1 not been warned by her nervous terror*, end accepted her*agg«tion that she Aouldpt on Ji chair in my «wc chamber all Tbw» tboticj)ti.ifi»ali«a thiougti «E at cited and overwrought brain, while the footsteps, stealthy and slow, wandered about the chamber. Who was in 'the room with meP ? '. ? ?? . . Unquestionably someone wae there. Who was itf Who wag this dumb person yAo ref uoed- to reply to my question P lwas in capable .of saying 'Who is there fa second time. Mr longUB seemed tb cleave to the' roof of my mouth. Iknew ii I made any sound again, I should scream— I did not want to soream. To ny horror the footsteps came oloser. One, two— one, : two, they paoed across the floor— they approached the bed — they paused— then hands felt me all over with stealthy quiet touches— they Mt my legs, my arms, tier even touched mY hair and cheeks. The hands were cold— . they had a hard and skinny feei. . Btill I kept back jut screams: The awful ' Thing,* for 1 coul4 give it up name, hav ing satisfied itself as to tho nature of the occupant of the ted, now moved round to tha other aide of tbs four.poater. The bed was placed about two feet from the wall at this aide. I hoard the footsteps come* np the narrow passage, auS then stay stffl. Now wa- tbe moment for deliveranoe. With a wild and sudden bound I sprang out of bed and rushed to the door. I caught the handle and tried to open it. To my horror it resisted all my efforts. The door was baked. Who had locked it £ I felt for the key— the key had vanished, ~ titan scarcely tell bow I managed to creep back into, the bed. I did so, and lay half fainting and parteotly motionless for thfl remainder of that inlght. ;. Not another sound did I hear. ' The room was as still as a grsve.r- ThrtlowhouiB-draitged -themselves on, and at last— at long -last, the 'blessed light stole in behind the heavily curtained windows. Even then I dared not move, fearing that the fearfol Thing that felt me all over in the night (till be in ambush to spring upon me. At hist the light became sufficiently strong for me to venture to raise my head. I looked ari.und; I oonld see nothing in the room. Gaining courage with the inoreasing light, I ventured at last to get ont of bed, and to examine the room thoroughly.. It was empty of any living creature but myself. .1 went to the door, and onoe again tried, to turn the handle. It opened at once, and I saw that the key had been pnt baok into the look. Bo Mn»'*'g was this that I might have oome to the con clusion that I had only bean the victim of the most horrible form of nightmare, when my eyes were arrested by something which lay on the ground at the foot of my bed. I walked up to it, ami' examined it closely. It was a large loaf of bread, on the top of which reposed a piece of bacon. Astonishment took away my breath. I got into bed. and waited until the door was opened, and Susanah, bearing a huge oan of hot water, entered the mom. I raised my head and looked at her. She started in amazement when she (saw me. ' Why, Misb Boss, have you slept here 7 she said. 'Yes,' I replied. ? Luoy was narvons. I don't think you ought to have put her into the zoom.' Susanah coloured; then her face turned, pale. ? I Bftid so to our housekeeper,' she an swered, ' but she said that she'd most likely sleep all night and know nothing.' ?Then there is fcomething td know?' I queried. . ' Ob, miss, for the love of heaven, don't let on that I eaid it; it would be as much as my place is worth — it would indeed.' ; I made no reply for a moment. Susanah arranged the bath for my comfort, drew back the curtains, and pulled up the blind. ' I hope, miss.' she said in a voice of hesi tation, ? that yon— that you -l«pt well.' ?No, I didn't,' I answered curtly. «I don't suppose that any one could sleep well in this awful room.* 'Oh, miss, why do you «ay that P Oh, my word, whafs that On tho floor P' .j ft-if n*inh*a ^y °J'*°^ wn^pjiij. Jighted-on tiu) loaf of bread1 andihe piece of cold bacon. ?.Take them away,' I saia. ' Yon know more about them than I do. I can't tell you. how .they got there— take them away at onde.* I spoke angrily. The girl's face, with its changing ooloer and hesitating manner, frightened me cohsiderably. She stooped down and lifted up tho loaf of bread and piece of bacon, ana walked out of the room with them.. I jumped uji and began to dress nastily. I resolved to sift this thing to the bottom. My impression during the night was that I wae yitited by a ghoBt, bnt ghosts did not care for snch material things as bread and cold bacon. Perhaps, after all, my teniblo visitant ntlgbt be accounted for m another way; Hta, there was some mis chief going bo. 3aS I would sift the thinjr. As I dressed, % tef olved to say nothing of what had oocorrea' fo Lacj. She came into my sitting-room to help me almost im mediately after her breakfast. ? I hope you have had a good night, Miss Boss,' she said. ' I seldom sleep well in a strange bed,' X answered, evasively. ' I hope you had a good sleep, Lucy.' ? I should think I had, miss ; I never stirred all night. I fun sorry I was anch a coward as to pnt vou into mv bed in that dreadful room. I — I hope, misB ' 1 Now, look here, Lucy,' I interrupted, I sm not going to fay a single word_ with regard to that room. You can sleep in my room while you are here, and that is the end of the matter so far as you are oonoerned. If the subject of our having changed rooms is referred to is the servants' rtal!, you ate to be silent. If forced to speak, you are to mention nothing beyond the fact that Miss Boss likes a huge room to sleep in. I will confide in you ; something did happen in ihe night, and I am determined to get to the bottom of it; bnt all -will deponed on your having the courage' to hold your tongue.' ? Ob, ''u*'n, I won't breathe a word,' said poor Lucy. ? How good you are to let me use your room. Tou may be sure I won't say a word.' Soon afterwards, th* heavy work of the day began. ' I felt BtrangKy iaxea, my limbs 'were -hesvy' arid ached as f /dragged -Hiejn about, mrteMnMt less 'clear than nsual. . ItSok m ' special iotareet' in my work. When I went into Lucy's room to rearrange my hair, I noticed lines about my face which I had nevor ieen there b^foro; my hair was dull and devoid of any taight colour. JtX*3 X looked closely, I have nottiio least doubt that X should have seen some grey for the -first time in my locks. All daring tho litmrs of that day, while 1 worked and nuUiipuUtid , and cut out and contrived and plauuoJ, I thought of the ghastly night which was ap proaching. Bow was I to ondute the sound of those footsteps P How wwlto bear the fool of those bony hands' If I. were'exposed to another oigbt of equal terror to the last, I wondered if my senses would hoia &ut.; ??...' (Tc tc concluflea noit week.) The Prince of Wales wears aoraeoleton Us right wrist, eo «o the German Emperoi and the Dnke of lUljibUrgb. Qntbe stage Kyrle Bellow nsed to wear one, and so .did Mr. Owen HaJL; ana Sir. Henry Neville now wears one in - Oheer Boys, Cheer.* Exmiviaiso*.— (Overheard at a hotel In Bouloene.)-J?nglleh ♦ftaveller ? I sif, )» this all the eqpp Tm » be allowed P—Lfc4 lord : Oni, MTsiea.-E. t. : Then I'll engage two bedrooms, please, because I want to washTbbrh hands., Peoof Posnrre. — Ber. 3ir. Stigginii BroU^LnsbingtpD.Xww grieved to noaoe that '«ou were to afitateof intoiioation.m Btapet^ »i^S5batU.^Bro%r Lo«Uog- faijai,^ fWl wo % trotft old .mu^t.: been ^1 ftpija^irtr^w *&**& ? --^ 