SKSI0EE3. ' 8ENSATI0NB OF A DEOWNOTQ 'ViK j I 'Drowning ia apleaaaat death/ Jsihfe re- mark ooniba&tly; made bythoiV who never gnlped down salt/ water, into the delioate 1 tissues oftheulonga.r^v » .As a lad I was bathing in rough weather on the beach of a watering'plaoe in Northern France. -Swept, out to sea, I struggled, sank, : beoame insen sible, and was saved, by the courage and skill ofa galiantifrenohman— whowrote his name that day in my . mother's New Testa- 1 ment1 as a memorial of . the reoue. This was j all. The circumstances were ''ordinary. A J thousand such may ocour every year.! Psyohologioally. however, there are points of interest whion arise principally from the fact that I remember all that napponed .dur ing a period of time which may have been four or five minutes, but whioh appearedto be as many hours. Almost immediately , ! entered the water, the much-resounding rear : of +he waves etruck me as desolating and sorrowful — full of foreboding and terror. Ashamed of this fancy, I inatiuotively but foolishlv fought my way seawards, and was promptly out of my depth ; not because ; I intended to run any tuk, for I could ^not'twim, but because the strong ourr6n1;Ji^^(-o^p&d; out a hol low in the.sandy wton^^ftffig^Uiad six feet of water on the . *^mpled ov#r by the waves, the ^^cengrtel^jrony ; of tthe moment when^^%&t;&l;^om^Ver my hbad for thb first- time can^btj^Mesoribed. It wfea ihe bitterest Jyoint^cf^ the struggle. Cruel and omnipotent force j- without warn ing or reason, surrounded me, and my frantio and determined efforts to escape only in creased thepent'Up passion, to oease holding my breath and to inhale . onoe more. I felt iuetinotively, aa I writhed in,.the cold, blaok water, that if once I ? succumbed to the temptation to expel my breath, wliioh al most burst the ribs in my angry efforts to retain it, the end would come ; that I should be compelled to breathe inwards while cov ered with the pressing salt water. At this time I must have given way, and the dreaded stream of air babbles rose to the surface. A few weeks before I had watahed tbe drown ing of a cat in the clear water of a running stream. Ihe animal was tethered to a stone, and had fought with uptnrned face for liberty, r When the bubbles rose in a silver fountain from the corners of its mouth, it stood at the bottom swaying m the gentle current, turned over, and after one final struggle gave up the ghost. This Bcene came vividly before me. I thought of this wretched oat, and was half amused to think that my case was the case of the cat. lhere was no fear ; the actual uircumstanoes filled my attention, and the piteous longing to escape and the inability of my efforts sud denly became subordinated to the feeling of intolerable pain. Eyes, cbeBt, limbB, were all one solid pain. Just then I touched the sandy bottom with my fingers and knee, aud hastily snatched a handful of sand and water to thrust in my mouth to end this struggle for air. All I wanted wob to end the pain. No thought of death, exoept as an interest-! ing and immaterial factor in the situation, came over me. It is trae that I remembered that I should be missed when dinner-time came and I was found j missing ; and thinking of the home-people, | I thought of a blue tie I had left on a cheat of drawers, in my bedroom, which I bad in- ; tended to put on. Then, suddenly, I found my eyes above water for -a second, und I saw two blurred figures near. On this I sank i again, and waB conscious ;of relaxing effort and sinking out of a conscious state to one | in which one dreamed without knowing; what the dreams were. From this I awoke i in great pun in the centre of a crowd on tho | beach, whither- my rresouerxhad borno me. My first thought was one bf infinite and un reasoning shame ; but the nausea caused by swallowing so much salt water quiokly brought me baok to earth again. 