ill I rtiUrtiiillu iMIUli J ? 'r- — +-- — ? . How Frank Murgatroyd Drew tils Salary. {By Lancelot B.) __ ' T. ain't no use, Mr. jflrlWSk Murgatroyd. I can't iJI'S : W . let it go no longer. € W^r^^. fil You owes me tnree \\-2LS f^k '?{ weeks'-tioard andlodg ^^?Sr ing now. 'Ow can I \ pay my rent if you don't pay me? Iwon't wait no longer, so if you don't pay up to morrow, sou'll 'aye to go; but ' you don't take nothink away, . mind, till I'm paid. See?' 'My dear Mrs. Skinner ? ' 'It ain't no good dearying me, mister. That don't pay me. All I wants is my money. Why don't Shuffleton pay you? He 'as full- 'oases every night.' 'There's a good deal of 'paper,' he tells me.' 'Yes, he tells you; but that's all my eye. He ain't the one to stand dead-heads, I know. HeJfi got plenty of money, but he don't like to part. I know him afore he went into the theatre business; when he kep* a dealer's shop in Blank-street. He's a hard nail all right. The music fellers is paid. I know Pompom, what plays the fiddle, wouldn't scrape away and not get his mbney — the same with Tootle, and the rest. And the other actors gets their money, too, I'll warrant. And those scene shifters, too. You are going to play 'Amlef to night. 'Amlets always gets paid. I seen 'Amlet years ago in the old country, and I know 'Amlet's a star. You should soo (sue) him. 'What! Hamlet?' ' 'Amlet! No. Old Jabez Shuffleton.' 'I don't like to proceed to extreme measures. I daresay it will be all right.' 'Well, I dare'nt, so I'll .'ave to soo you, I can see.' Mrs. Skinner was a typical landlady, angular, with a hard, sallow face framed by corkscrew curls. But, though she was harsh of voice and abrupt in manner, she had her good points; and her heart, though difficult to get at, had a soft place in it. There are few hearts indeed but can be touched by some stroke, perhaps given at random. She continued: 'Well, I'll go and bring your tea up, and I've got a drop of nice chicken broth on the fire for the missis,' which having said she left the room, not 'waiting to hear the thanks which the other lavished upon her. The 'other' in this duologue was Frank Murga troyd, a young man of about 25 years of age, and an actor. Coming out from England in the early sixties, he made his way to the gold fields, but Fortune had not smiled upon him as she did on many others less worthy. This was of little concern to Frank, who, while enjoying the free life of a dig ger, cared little for the gold when won. In short, he was, like a man who rides to hounds and revels in the pursuit of the fox, but who, the 'kill' ef fected — the brush secured — flings the carcass to the dogs; so Frank valued the gold and flung it away — light come, light go. There were thou sands like him then. In the palmy days 6t Ballarat he met Charley Young and J. P. Hydes (in partnership). Actors were scarce; likely men were snapped up and trained, Frank joined them, and speedily devel oped a talent that rapidly brought him to the front. He was in every way adapted for the pro fession, .towards which he' had always an inclina tion. He was handsome in face; his figure was perfect in height and symmetry ; he had a sound education, and his enunciation was clear and dis tinct; his Voice resonant and capable of the finest modulation; add to these qualifications a mo bility qf countenance suited to express all the pas sions of the human mind, and it may be concluded that he was a born actor. Moreover, he loved the profession he had adopted, and was scrupulously correct in every detail of a part he undertook. ? Noi wonder then that he speedily came to be recognised as a 'coming man.' He was a prime favorite with his audiences and with his brother actors — to be sure, a few of the latter envied him, and mean spirits were jealous of his rapid advance; but that mattered little, his progress could not be stayed. Off the stage he was well liked. ' But Frank had one great fault; he did not know the value of money. When pay day (treasury day or the 'Ghost,' in theatrical parlance) came round he had many pensioners, and no subscription list in aid of a brother professional was without his name. At the time of his introduction to the reader he had been some three years on the stage, and had drifted with a stock company, of which he was the leading man, to the flourishing Australian city o£ ? , un der engagement to Mr. -Jabez Shuffleton, lessee and manager of the Excelsior Theatre. Frank had twelve months previously married pretty Alice Drummond, the walking lady of the company, to the surprise and disgust of many lead ing and talented actresses who had set their minds ?on captivating the handsome actor; but Frank haft made a happy choice, and the young couple were devoted to each other. While Mrs. Skinner was haranguing Frank, Alice was lying in bed in the adjoining room, with her two-day old first born beside her, and she heard all that passed between the landlady and her husband. 'Oh, Frank!' she said to him, as he came in answer to her call; 'isn't it awful to hear her go on like that? Can't you get any money from Mr. Shuflieton? I think she is quite right, and that the others do get paid.' Frank said that he would demand the salary due to him that night, when Mrs. Skinner entered the room with the chicken broth- She heard Frank's expressed determination, and added, 'Yes, and if I was you I'd 'ave it, too, afore the curtain went up. They can't play ? 'Amlet' without 'Amlet. There, ma'am, drink that up; it'll do you good. I never 'ad no baby tayself, and I'm a lone widow now, and can't afford to lose my 'ard earnings. I've took your tray into the other room, Mr. Mur gatroyd; and mind now, you just worry old Shuf fleton afore tho curtin goes up, for no mistake about it I must 'ave my money to-morEer.' And with that she went downstairs to vent her sup pressed feelings on her solitary little childish slavey. Mrs. Skinner had said she was a 'lone widow.' .She hoped in her heart that she was; but there (was no certainty in it Jack Skinner had re turned periodically, and had made his brutal pre sence felt. She had been glad to supply him with some of her savings in order to get rid of him. This time he had been absent over a year, and it was rumored that he had been killed in a drunken brawl on the diggings. Frank sat contemplating his egg and toast, not noticing the antimacassars, which were profusely adjusted on couches and chairs. He detested these crochet delineations of parrote and kan garoos and roses. He had gone to rehearsal one morning with one attached to the back buttons of his coat; and every morning he removed them, folded them up, and placed then on a side table. Then Mrs. Skinner indignantly replaced them dur ing his absence, marvelling at his conduct, for she looked upon them as wonders of art, and was never tired of saying, 'I done them all myself.' There was a light step upon the stairs, and Alice called out (the bedroom was on other side of the landing), 'Is that you, Joe?' .. 'Yes'm,' answered a voice. 'Come on, Joe; you haven't seen the baby yet.' . - Joe entered the room. 'Oh my! ain't he a fine kiddie!' he exclaimed as Alice tenderly rais ed the coverlet. 'Oh, Mrs. Murketroyd, ain't it a pity you ain't able to play 'Felia (Ophelia) to-n?ght? - Miss Upnose won't be no good in the mad scene. You know when 'Felia comes in with straw and flowers on her 'ead.' Alice smiled. Joe left the room, and tapped at the door of the sitting-room, and put his head in, 'Got your things ready, sir?' 'Yes, Joe; come in— there they are in the carpet bag in the comer; don't forget the dress sword tbere^and the foils beside it. Hang the costume up behind the dressing-room door, so, that any creases may come out.' ? ' . 'All right, sir; ril bring the other things home yon've done with,' and Joe departed. In passing out at the back -with his carpet bag and the sword and foils ' Joe encountered Mrs. Skinner. '.'What are yer taking out, Joe?' demanded that lady. ???'?''.--? 'Mr. Murkeyiroyd's dress for ' Amlet, ' what he's going to play to-night to be sure. What else would I be taking out ma'm,' replied Joe. '''Humph! Well, see you bring it back again, You don't take no more out after to-night till I'm paid my money. . I've heered of actors takin' their^things away bit by bit, but. they don't *ave me,' sharply said. Mrs. Skinner. joe made-some reply, in which -could be dis tinguished 'Mr. Murkeytroyd was a gentleman. 'SSS wouldn't do. nothing; dirty/' and went out into the street. Joe was set a thinking. Joe Tetlow waa no coinon lad. Ungainly in person, and plain in features, he may have been; but though only 15 years of age he was much older in ideas and experience. Thin, long-armed, and long-legged, he presented an awkward figure, but his open countenance, lighted up by bright hazel eyes, made one forget all that — even his stiff, un ruly brown hair, innocent of parting. Joe was the son of a widow, who earned a scanty livelihood by taking in washing, and he himself acted as messenger in a factory, and did odd ;jobs at other times. He helped his mother all he could, was a good son, and was devoted to his«poor bedridden, crippled sister 'Iiiz.' So Joe Tetlow was highly thought of by those who knew his good deeds. Like most lads of his age, he had a hankering a.% ter 'going to the play,' and had often hung about the theatre, occasionally getting a pass. Then he would enlarge to 'Liz' upon all that he had seen, and 'Liz' had said that all that must be like heaven. He worshipped Frank Murga troyd at a distance, and often waited outside the theatre to see him enter or leave it. One night Frank was leaving 'the theatre carrying a bag. He looked fagged out with his night's work. Joe Tetlow stepped forward from the crowd of boys, who whispered, 'Thai's him,' and said, 'I'll carry yemr things home, Mr. Murkeytroyd — I know where you live.' Frank looked at him amused, seemed struck with his candid face, and gave him the bag. Joe ran off with it like a hare, and duly left the bag at Frank's lodgings. So Frank engaged him at a shilling, a week (which meant mere like three or four shillings, with many ap propriate gifts for 'Liz'), and free access to the theatre, as 'Mr. Murgatroyd's boy.' Joe Tet low was now an important personage in the eyes of the other boys. We have said that Mrs. Skinner had set him a thinking. Jabez Shunleton's disinclination to 'pay' was an open secret — pressure had daily to be broughtto bear upon him to make him dis gorge. It was common talk in the dressing-rooms and among the stage hands, and more than once the curtain had been delayed till some exacting artist had been satisfied. Having no sympathy with the stage except as a means of drawing in the dollars he looked upon actors merely as tools, and he soon discovered Frank's disregard for money. He gave him half his salary one week — pleaded bad business and extraordinary expenses, and promised to make it up next week. Good easy Frank submitted, and said nothing to the others. This was followed with variations, more or less, but always result ing in the arrears of salary growing larger, till now he owed Frank nigh upon £30. Joe Tetlow shrewdly put all these things together— Chunle- ton's known grasping nature, Frank's straight dealing and easy nature, and Mrs. Skinner's in junction, 'See you bring it back again. You don't take no more out after to-night till I'm paid my money.' Joe said to himself, 'Old Shuflieton ain't paid Mr. Murkeytroyd — if he 'ad, Mrs. Skin ner wouldn't talk like that.' He trudged along, turning over the matter, when all at once he stopped, as if struck by a sudden thought, put down his bag and his wea pons, rubbed his Hands in glee, and exclaimed 'Crikey! I'll do it: Mr. Murkeytroyd '11 be paid, Mrs. Skinner '11 be paid, and Jabez Shuffleton '11 be paid— and serve him right.' Then he picked up his burden and strode rapidly on, bursting into laughter n»w and again; so much so, that an ac quaintance asked him if he'd been having a tooth out, and got some laughing gas left in him. Arrived at the theatre, he passed the stage doorkeeper and went up, into Frank's dressing room, whistling the while. He placed the weapons in the corner, hung up Hamlet's hat and cloak on a peg, and took the superb tunic out preparatory-fco hanging it up behind the door. Then he called out to the propertyman, 'Hi, ?props,' come 'ere — ain't this just lovely? Twig this dress for 'Amlet,' he said, as 'props' put his head in*at'the door. 'Grand,' said 'props.' 'It belonged to the late Roscius Irving Keaner,' said Joe proudly. 'Mr, Murketroyd '11 look pro per in this, and act, too.' 'Props' assented, and left to look after the 'props.' No sooner, was 'props' gone than Joe deftly but carefully replaced the tunic in the bag, leaving the hat, tights, swords, &c;, conspicuously hanging in the room. Then he sallied forth, after closing the door of the dressing-room. As he passed out the doorkeeper said, 'Hallo, Joe! taking 'em back again?' 'No,' said Joe, carelessly, 'these is 'togs' of last night, and what's not wanted. Mr. Murkey troyd don't like 'em. to aecoomolate.' Once outside Joe took a bye street, and when fairly away, ran till he eame to a little street, when he entered the side door of a half shop, half ; office. I 'Hallo, Joe! What's up with you? You've! been running — blowing like a porpoise — he — he — 1 he.' I Joe excused himself for the moment, and then 1 mysteriously desired to speak with Mr. Lombard 1 'private.' Mr. Lombard, who was a pleasant looking elderly man, with an amused look, acqui esced, wondering what private business Joe- could have with him. . Mrs. Tetlow did Mr. Lombard's washing, and Joe carried the bundles to' and fro. In sooth, they were not the only bundles Joe had carried to and from Daniel Lombard's. In about ten minutes Joe came outside, minus Frank's bag, and with an envelope in his hand. He ran back to the theatre, where he espied young John Coonham, the son of his mother's landlord. Joe called -him aside, and imparted something that seemed to cause young Coonham much amusement. He was an idle, dissipated young gentleman, spending his father's money — other- wise a harmless, honest fool. 'Joe took the envelope from his pocket, and de sired Coonham to address it to Mr. Jabez Shuffle ton, Excelsior Theatre. This was done. Joe took it and surveyed it complacently, and as though he desired to have a finger in the pie, he himself scrawled Along the top 'immejit,' and Cccnham promised to see it delivered in the thea tre office at a quarter to 8. It was now 7.30. Joe went behind, and' looked into Frank's dress ing-room. Frank was just putting on his tights and shoes. Joe retired, looking anxious, but chuckling to himself. Frank made up his fa.ee, and arrived at that stage of his dressing when the all-important tunic or shirt has to be as sumed. He turned to the door, .but it was not there; he glanced round the room, it was not to be seen. He called loudly for Joe. Joe came. He declared that he had hung it up there, and ap pealed to 'props,' who confirmed his assertion. Some jealous actor had doubtless played a trick upon Frank, but the latter, though easy in some things, was not to be trifled with' in .others. The dress he valued, it had belonged to a great actor, was as good as new, having been preserved with jealous care. Frank had purchased it with other effects of the dead trajedian, and declared that there was the virtue of genius about the costume. In high temper he sent for Jabez Shuffleton. Time was getting on, the orchestra were tuning their in struments. Laertes offered to lend Frank his dress, and make shift for himself. F^rank flatly refused to go on in any other dress than his own, Jabez was in despair, and firmed .round the wings, for there was a great audience. Presently a mes senger came from the. front .of the house with a note. Jabez opened it, glanced at the contents '. for a second, and rushed excitedly into Frank's rocm. 'So,' he shouted, 'this is a fine trick, MrJ Murgatroyd, ain't it. You pawned your dress to stick me tip, eh? I thought you were a gentleman;' and thrust the pawn ticket into Frank's hands. Frank took it in astonishment. . . Sure' enough, 'Mr. Frank Murgatroyd, Hamlet costume, £5, in terest 5s per month. If hot claimed, &c.;' He disclaimed all knowledge of it, and called loudly for Joe, but Joe' was not to be found. The people were becoming impatient. The dress must be obtained; and proceedings if necessary taken afterwards; so Jabez Shuffleton reluctantly forked out £5 5s. The dress was quickly procured, and 'the performance was duly proceeded with. In Hamlet's scene with the Ghost, the exclamation of the Danish Prince, 'My prophetic soul! my uncle!' was received with some tittering in the audience, and with smothered laughter behind the scenes, for the story had got about. Joe turned up at the close of the performance as bold as brass. Jabez seized him, and demand ed of him what he knew, and what he had done with the £5 he had got on the dress, threatening to send for a policeman. Joe laughed. 'I never, got no money,' said .he, 'only a ticket Dan Lom bard gave me. It was a made-up job between us. He likes 'Mr. Murgatroyd, and he don't like you; he'll give Mr. Murgatroyd the money in the morn ing that you gave him, see!' Jabez Shuflieton did see, and to avoid further unpleasantness and future repetitions of the trick, paid, up all Frank's arrears, but for. many a long day 'Oh my prophe tic Boul, my uncle!' '.assailed his. ears, till at length he dropped into the simple title.of 'Uncle Jabez;' hence 'How do uncle?' &c.; Joe, to protect himself, had confided his scheme to young Coonham, for no money, had passed, and pawnbrokers have feelings like other people. When Mrs. Skinner' heard Joe's-account of the dodge she actually laughed, gave him a shilling, and sent something tasty to 'Liz.' .. The writer has -substituted fictitious names, but allowing for elaboration, .the main incidents is . founded on fact, within the knowledge of the writer in his Australian experience. Frank Murga troyd, though drawn perhaps too highly, lived in reality, but is now dead. ', . The tercentenary of Sir Walter Baleigh's intro duction of the potato was celebrated on I-e- oemper 9 in Ireland. ' -. . 