NO TBS AND NOTIONS ., ? . . . A drop of ink . . ? ? falling upon a thought mnfceB thoueands, Maybe mUlions, think. - For ? some time tho ? Victorian authorities have been after an escaped Junatic from theKowaeylum, whom they \vard quite unable to trace. At last, however, he haa been discovered in the person of. a mining expert at Ballarat .with lettprn Appended to hie name, and enjoying fl thriving business.' "Why they should ? disturb the man under these circum stances; it is difficult to see. Thero is .'no*doubt!that his reports would be quite'as bear 'the mark as those of the ordinary mining expert whoso word taken by a fatuous public: \V bat "business could be better suited to a .ohihglo-short crank than that of min ing fortune-teller? At the same time, however, the most likely class amongst 'which to find escaped lunatics would be thoap; who, in the capacity of contributing shareholders, find .the money to keep -these experts living on. the fat of the laud. This is certainly the age in which ?jjervee tnako ? rocord. A jcckey. the other day fainted on hearing that he ,was to be disqualified for 12 mouths. ?iTho idea of a jockey fainting on being sentenced to a penalty is novel indeed. 'At one lime time no properly, con ductod young lady ever passed u week without faintiug. Mont people know tho story of the handsome and gallant lord who carried tho fainting young ladies out of church until the parson had to stop'the nuisance by putting up a notice thnt any lady who fainted -in the futuro would be carried out by thosoxton. One hardly expected to bob this aniiablo weakness revived in racing circles, and it is to be hoped that it will not eproad from thoro to fashionable circles, or wo shall have a repetition of the heroine of the early . ceutury novel who was alway lluctuat ingbettvoenafaintingfitand hysterics. \- -?.? :????'* ? ? Mr Wise etated on Friday night that several Parliaments had received, ocsording to history, a distinctive name, on accouut of ecrtuin, things which had occurrod during their oxistonco. Tiie ? present Pnrliainont of Now South AValpa would be known as- tho "braiiilese Parliament," he said. If Mr Wise had not boon re jected by the electhrs, no doubt this indietmont'would not, in his opinion, hare been warranted. At any rate, ? Parliament corapoeod of men all of tho satne calibre as Wiso would bo entitled to the distinction of tho "Snob' Parliament." Mr lteid and his party can got along very well without this political noophyte, best kuown, perhaps, for bin success in get tinginto the highor rankeof public life by clinging on to tho coat-tails of the Uto Sir Henry Purkos. When the old chief's star suddenly disappeared from the firmament, Wieo's political light faded; too. And it will take a lot of coddling to kindle it at tho vioxt general election. Tho news that a paraou bolonging to Victoria has been suspended for drunkenness . suggosts Uio rumark that tho opportunities, of tho parson ore croat. but his responsibilities correspond. The. laity look to him for moral guidance and example, nud a clorgyinau rolling tho streets under a full cargo o£ alcoholic excitement ?s a deplorable and grievous spectacle, calculated to wound the righteous, aud to inako tho uurogonorate get on its ' ' hind legs" and inako a llttlo anti-religion capital at tho expense of' a caueo which" is often injured by unfaithful disciplos. But what shall be said, and what shall be done, to a minister of religion who, in. the words of his bishop, " had givon way to tho ein of drunkenness, and had been guilty of it publicly, by. the wayside. fa the Sunday school, and worst of all, in the Houso of God?" AH this happonod recently iu Melbourne, tlie Anglican Bishop of which, almost moved to tears, and solemn-visaged at the enormity of the.sentence he was passing as ft reward for tho disgraceful conduct, condemned tho culprit to— tltrte months , suspension! Just a little too much temporiug of mercy in that act of juetico administration, don't you think ? ' . # ? ? A Clarence Kanaka, who took uuto himself ? white woman to sharo hia. joys and Borrows, found out aftor tho annexation ceremony that ho had become matrimonially affixed to a real tartar. He managed to livo with her for a few months, but she wielded tho broomstick aud the poker too adroitly for his likiug, so ho kicked hor out into tho cold streot to shift for hor eolf a? boat sho could. Shortly after wards ho became ill. Tho medico ho consulted whispered iu his ear the startling conclusion of his invosti?a-. tion : " Heart disease." Tho nigger, vffio had been rather thrifty in Ins habits, was soinowhat staggered, more because of the prospects of boing com pelled to leave £200 iu solid cash to tho faithless epouee than for fear of cro?sing the Styx. Ho hit upon a plan—a plan which ho thought would hoi oniy prevent tho wife from onjoy ius balyton-daye for a few months amoiiKet her compeers, but anyone bleb from beneiittiu? by his savings. 'Ihoubctor told him one morning that a few hours would boo him Jifaleaa; the disoase was quickly doing Us deadlv work. Ho thoreupou rose from 'his bed when a chance offered, euoaked into a thickot near his. place o£ abode, and reduced tlje 200 bauk notos to- aahos. Koturuing to tho domicile he announced what ho had .done—and forthwith gave up tho ghost. The shameful p?rt of tho act is that tbrou?h'the ignoranco of the unforthnato Kanaka one of the bank*, fcy whom the notoe wcro lesuod, is now £2130 better offi There Jβ no doubt a good deal to-be said on behalf of. tbo modest claim put forward on behalf of teachers tor some concession in the railway fares to enable'them to visit their friends during tho holiday season. A large number of this- deserving clasn of people are scattered throughout' the colony at a distance from their home and kindred, and naturally dssire to bo afforded facilities for travelling during the vacation period. '.Owing lo the fact that the dates of tho special excursion' trains ..from the country do not as a rule Jit in with the school holidays, it is impossible for echyol teachers, tutors, and Governesees to take- advantage of these trains, and even if they did tho term for which the tickets by such trains are available for return aro too short to be of much use to suable tho holders to on joy tho full extent of their holidays away from tho scene ot their duties. As a rule persons on cagod in imparting tuition aro not too highly paid, and very often their vnca tion takes them a considerable distance away from their homes,, so that thero in fair reason for granting them some; extension of tho ordinary travelling facilities on the railways.' ? ~ . -' ? 