Jottings by the Way. The "Torres Straits Pilot" remarks that there are "whalers" in Torres Straits as well as in the Murrumbidgee. "A few com-<*> plaints have been made from time to time by men living on the neighbouring islands, as well as (those engaged- turtle- shelling and beche-de-mering, of certain characters who have developed Into loafers* whp do not work themselves, and hesitate not to rob others of the fruit of their labours. A bit of tobacco is cadged in one place, a bit of flour off a boat, perhaps, a bit of tea and sugar off some one else, and when the round is done the cadger's only work- is accom plished. These loafers establish themselves firmly, and fear of what they may do if they are not supplied when they «8k compels many to give ' about turn' with joy. Some protection should be afforded those who are continually made 'the victims of these honourable gentle men, and perhaps the authorities may be able to devise a means to make them labour with their bands instead of with their brains." "A Traveller" writes,. under date the 15th, that In passing through a township' he called at a hotel, and was tola by the ser vant there was a big letter for him In.the post box (a cigar case). [ He brought the letter, which -bore the poet mark of the 26th April, and'lt contained four unopened letters, one relating do legal matters re quiring immediate attention, and another covering* cheque. " Traveller" states that he had visited this hotel at Raster, leavlug Instructions where letters should be for warded, and thait the servant's excuse was that he lost the address. The writer states that he has seen unclaimed letters lying in a drawer at a hotel bearing an eighteen months' old post mark, and what became of the lotters he could not say. Hotelkeepern, he thinks, should be reminded cf a section in the Publicans Act, compelling them to return all letters unclaimed atter two months, under penalty of £20. Another exemplification of the old saw about going from home for news is fur nished by the following telegram which ap peared in Saturday* Sydney " Evening New»" :—" A story leaked out to-day of a gallant rescue by Lord Lamlngtou (the Governor) of • lady who had been assailed by two ruffians. His Bxcellency last Satur day returned from Wellington Point show to Brisbane (a distance of about fourteen miles) on hi* bicycle. On the old Cleve land-road he «aw a European and *. China man on horseback trying to gallop down a lady, also on horseback. The Governor rod* in between, despite the insults of the two men, and escorted the lady safely into town. The lady is the wife of a well-known dentist." We believe there is some truth in the report quoted, but it Is satd the men mentioned were the worse for liquor at the time. In Parliamentary debates the schoolmas ter is often very much abroad. The wonder is that men of intelligence who know that they are speaking to the country do not show a little more care with their use and pronunciation of words and their grammar generally. Belf-oducation 1* a vastly useful discipline in more way« than one, but it has its compensations. What, for instance, could be nobler than a gray-haired legislator poring over a Murray, an Ollendorff, or a Lempriere, so that ho might more worthily deliver his burden of ideas and words in the cause of the country ? The other day In the Legislative Assembly oue member spoke of a das* of aliens as " Syreens," while an other, who had evidently been swallowing a Pound* lecture, spoke of certain by-laws of a local authority as being " ultra virus." Then on the front Treasury benches there was an occasional example of mixed meta phor and Jumbled ratiocination, which was worthily re-echoed from the front Opposition benches. One groaned in spirit for a quar ter of an hour from Bell or Sim, Just as a relief, you know. Mem.: Woiild it not be a good idea for Groom or O'Conncll or others interested in the higher education to insti tute a clasi for etymological atudies amongst Parliamentarians ? As woman gets her rights she get* her responsibilities. In struggling for one she enters upon a wide field where tho other stand «s thick as brigalow In a Western scrub. The bill which Mr. Foxton put through the second reading in the Assem bly yesterday is strongly illustrative of that. Coming up from the low level where women on entering the marriage state were sup posed to resign «11 their goods and chattels with their own sweet selves—a sort of proto plaamal stage in the political development of the sex—to the rugged peaks of a conten tious and hard-dealing emancipation, a change in conditions must, be looked for ; but we have a tender regard for the good old chivalrous distinction's • which sex en tailed, aad one- clause of the bill which, wa* before Baxllament last week is not at all an acceptable mouthful. 80 to speak it oast* lovely woman oat to the wolves— yer* at all events. At present It appears that one of the right* of woman Is to be able to go to law without a penny in her pocket, and If she lose* to allow the other side to whistle for Us coat*. Mr. Foxton, with a disregard for all tenets of gallantry, now proposes that If the litigating married "she" goes to law her property subsequently ac quired shall be chargeable for costs. An other injustice to the* sex and another op portunity for a deputation to the sympathe tic (with * wink) Acting Premier. Mr. Howe, the delegate of the great Ar mour Packing Company of Chicago, who taaa been visiting Australia "to spy out the land," will not hold as high an opinion of Australian! as he has of their country if they succumb to the wiles of " the Hooley Terah." He was interviewed the other day by a man from the " PastorallsU' Review." and as a parting shot was asked to express his opinion of the great Hooley scheme. " Has Mr. Howe beard of Mr. Hooley ?" was asked. "He hat heard of Mr. Hootey ; he has heard of that rival millionaire— dfyly, shortly, with a smile suggestive of great distance on a different, plane long be low the one in which we are at present bask ing In tuo sunßhioe of friendliness. . He sum* up Mr. Hooley in one act. ' Going to imt up the price of your meat Id. is he ? He may put It tip, but as sure as he does he will -increase the consumption of every body else's beef and mutton, and. lessen the consumption of yours.'-" A Sydney contemporary remarks that the first instinct of a man of British race, when he sees anything he has never seen before, is either to kill it or run away, and say he has seen a ghost or a tiger. If the ordinary Briton met the Angel Gabriel, or the last man, he would inevitably try to kill him. But if he encountered the sea ser- pent, or the ichthyosaurus, or the Tanta- noola tiger, he would run away. The other morning two Melbournites, who presumably had never seen a harmless seal before, en- countered one on the beach at St. Kilda. The seal naturally and justifiably barked, as 'tis the nature of seals to do, and the men, probably deeming it the missing link, were alarmed, and promptly got a hammer and stove in the seal's head. The pity of it is that the seal was not only a big seal, weighing nearly 800lb., but it was practi- cally a white and, therefore, rather rare variety. The thing, alive, would have graced an aquarium. Now it is only fit for a moth trap. But some one will present its slaughterer with a medal. The parentage of the following Is claimed by " Woomera," who explains that it is cal culated to reduce the overweening pride of the Irish in these 12th of July times. It is also a refutation of the calumny that Scotchmen cannot Joke :—" An old and deaf Scotch dry-blower recently addressed a new comer under the impression that he was from Ireland : ' Ye've ben a sojer, mon ?' Young Man (shouting) : ' No, never.' Old Man: ' Ah, weel, a policeman, then, na doot?' Young Man : ' No, no.' Old Man (not catching answer) : ' Coom frae Dooblin ?' Young Man (yelling): ' No, no.' Old Man : 'Na ! Yell be frae Beelfast, then ?' Young Man (screeching in old fellow's ear) : ' No ; I come from Edinburgh.' Old Man (with sparkling eyes) : ' Bn'brae I Bn'brae ! did you say, mon ; I ken It weel. . An' Juist tae think that a' the time ye've ben here I took ye for a dawmed Irishman.' " The following anecdote of the late Hon. W. B. Dalley Is (ujri the Melbourne " Ad vocate") worth repeating :—lt was the cus tom ,of the late Hon. W. B. Dalley, whon counsel for the defence In heavy, criminal cases, to prepare with great care a perora tion. . Many years ago he was leading coun sel for a man charged with murder. His Junior was the present Attorney-General (the Hon. J. H. Want). Dalley hud written out his peroration on a sheet of foolscap, and, Just as he woe beginning his address to the Jury, handed the document to his Junior, with the following Injunction :—" Hero, Want, when I come to the words 'In the name of Almighty God,' hand me this peror ation." The great orator proceeded with his address, and his Junior sat ready with the document. After speaking for about an hour and a half, Dalley came to the cue. Mr. Want, who meantime had been hanging on the music of Dalley's eloquence, oblivious of everything else around him, had uncon sciously twtoted the peroration Into all sorts of shapes, and quite forgot the cue. Dalley went on—" And now, gentlemen, in the name of Almighty God—(sotto voce, 'Want!') —Gentlemen, In the name of Almighty God —(sotto voce, • Want! Want!!)— Gentl emen, In the ' name of Almighty God, Want,' where the 's the peroration ?" The democratic tendency which manifests Itself In the Queensland Legislature U play ing ducks and drakes with dignltyv ~ Poor Mr. Bernays, who (politically) was hop In the old New South Wales Leglslatutei *hen much frill was literally and actually, put on in Parliament, and who has seen tho Queens land ditto grow—from bad to worse, he thinks—must be sadlr pained by the turn things are taking. For there Is no man more Impressed with the necessity for dig nity both In the House and Its precincts than he. He likes Parliament to atrike Into the hearts of those who visit it, and ex pects nothing that Is not exactly proper from those who have to put in their toil there. Only a year or so ago an unfor tunate pressman who dared to use a stair case consecrated to the use of members narrowly escaped capital punishment, while the lady who even now dares to lean over the railing In the gallery runs a serious risk of being ejected. But the democrats on the floor are fast altering all this. In spite of poor Mr. Bernays. Why, only last session they converted the lawn, over which officers were forbidden to walk be cause of the possible injury to the grass, into a common every-day cricket pitch, and la*t week bas seen a permanent wicket a-dozen additional gray hairs ; but on Thurs day bis cup of bitterness was filled to over flowing, for the same democrats converted tbe room o? the Bergeant-at-arms Into a bicycle 'stable ! You are quite right, Mr. Bernays ; Parliament is going lo the dogs ! The threatened strike of electric telegraph operator* in Great Britain suggests, we might say strikingly If it were not for the obvious play on words, what an excessively Incon venient thing it would he if employee* of the post and telegraph departments were to resort to that method of redressing their grievances. Imagine for a moment the con sequences of a strike of operators and post men. It would be appalling. There would be no news. Thero would be no letters. Half Europe might be ablaze with war and we should be none the wiser. Japan might have landed an army at Thursday islm-1. and we should be blissfully Ignorant of tho fact. Wool might have gone up la. a lb. and our paatorallsts would feel none tho wealthier. The prospect is too dreary to re flect upon. It is Infinitely comforting to learn that the operators have consented to an amicable adjustment of their grievances, for there is no telling how pernicious and far-reaching would be the effect* of a strike in that department of the public service. The precedent would te most awkward. ■BUH-U muat be admitted that few workers could strike to more purpose than electric telegraph operatgrq, because it would be exceedingly difficult, If not impossible, to fill their places. ... , 