WHE CONTAMINATION OF SANTA ? CLAUS. 1 ? A TEMPERANCE STORY, (TOLD TO ' THE TOCSIN.') B Godolphin Dawes, Esq., retired to bed rather Harlier than usual on Christmas Eve. Godolphin Bas one of those hard, practical, business-like per Hpns who quite eschew sentiment, and he always Helebrated Christmas by over-eating' himself, ex Eepting when he marked the occasion by over ifrinking. There are many people who celebrate Mhristmas in this way, and live through the joyous Hlason in a gorged condition that makes their skin |K)o tight tor summer wear,- ana gives titiem a Raring, strained look about the eyes, suggestive of wild nightmares and blood-stained banshees. ? I have a theory that thorough, impartial, scien Hffic investigation would establish beyond dispute Bhe fact that over-feeding is responsible for all the Hhristmas ghosts and goblins that walk, and that Have left an indelible impression upon English Eterature. B Mv. Dawes' hard, practical nature made his ex Bprience, after retiring to bed on that Christmas Kve, all the more remarkable. ? Godolphin is certain that he had not slept long Hien he was disturbed by the sound of somebody Roving in the room. He listened intently, and Heard distinctly the patter of feet, and the sound of ?ertoous breathing, and he quaked under the Hjeets, and a clammy prespiration suddenly welled E|l over his body, for it is no pleasant thing for a Bprt, puffy man of sixteen stone, stricken with Bppepsia, to have to deal with a brawny burglar at Hie dead of night. RMr. Dawes listened with all his ears. Alas ! he Rkld not be mistaken, somebody was certainly Moving in the room, and yet the footsteps were like H|ose of a.child. If the intruder was an adult, he Kust certainly be a dwarf. The conviction gave ?fodolphin courage, and, slipping silently out of bed, B§ cautiously turned the gas full on, then sharply ?puck a match and ignited it. ?[Instantly the room was flooded with light, and Hffawes swung round and confronted a figure, the ?phi of which made him gasp, and plump his ample glffoportions down on the bed, where he sat, glaring gtnously, purple-faced, with his mouth wide open, B&d; his eyes standing out from his head like those Hj an appalled lobster. ! H i le ^ure was ^ie quaintest imaginable — human jBd yet elfish— elfish in its smallness, and a strange, I |Peraatural atmosphere, and a suggestion of great jUge, and yet quite human in the signs of dissipation ||tne face, and the childish, almost beery leer with which it regarded Godolphin. Still, it was not Un familiar, the respectable Mr. Dawes felt sure that he had met it before, under more favoui-able con ditions. At length he remembered — ' Santa Clans !' The little figure nodded its head, and looked around in an abashed way, as if seeking an oppor tunity to escape. Dawes, amazed beyond expression, still glared at his visitor, who stood opposite him, backed against the wall, a woeful object. The man regarded his . dilapidated little jacket, his wee boots, all worn' and broken, his shrunken, ill-nourished figure. 11 In reduced circumstances ?' he muttered, and again the little figure nodded, and grinned feebly. Santa Claus looked as if he had indeed come down in the world; but hiscarbuncled nose, with its purple tints, his streaked cheeks, and weak, shifty, blood-shot eye testified eloquently to the cause. ' Drink?' queried Dawes again, feeling he must say something. ' Don't mind if I do,' replied the visitor, becom ing* suddenly alert, and looking eagerly around the room. ' You misunderstand me,' said Dawes, ' I meant to ask was it drink brought you to this ?' ' Oh,' said Santa Claus, disappointedly. ' Yes ifc was the drink.' Then he continued in an apolo getic tone : 'You see, it was always about when I came visiting people at this time of the year, and I started nipping five hundred years ago. Before that I was a strict teetotaller, I can assure you. It's all the fault of careless people who would persist in putting temptation in my way. In nine out of every twelve houses I visited there was a bottle or a decanter of brandy handy, aud, well, I got into the way of helping- myself. At nrst 1 just took tne drainings out of the glasses, but the habit grew on me. I suppose you haven't got a drop about, have you ? I prefer Irish.' Mr. Dawes produced a decanter and a glass, me chanically, and, whilst Santa Claus helped himself to a grown man's dose, he sat still, and gazed won deringly upon the elf. Santa was dressed much as he is pictured in Eng lish prints, but his clothes were very seedy and much faded, and the bag he carried on his back had no toys sticking out of it, but instead something that looked suspiciously like a burglar's jemmy. He looked older, too, and much battered, and he had thin legs, and his corporation was more sugges tive of drink than honest tissue. 'You won't give me away, will you ?' said the Christmas sprite pitifully, in his weak, thin voice. 'You are the first human being to have seen me since my fall, and I shouldn't like the others to know what a wreck I am. Men still represent me as a jolly, little, sober, red-cheeked, healthy fellow. It would just break my heart if I were to see my self like this on a Christmas card.' As he spoke he noticed a gathering sternness in the eye of Godolphin Dawes, and he cowered and trembled under it. Dawes arose, and stepped to wards him, and, diving his hand into his bag, drew forth a jemmy, a dark lantern, and a bunch of skeleton keys. ' What are these ?' he demanded. Santa Claus looked very abject indeed, as he stammered — . ' Oh, them? Well, you see I can't get down some of these modern chimneys, and I have had to take a pointer or two from my friends the burglars.' 'I see you have,' thundered Dawes, as he dipped his head into the bag again, and produced several small valuables belonging to himself. ' I thought it was Santa Claus's mission to go about distributing gifts. It seems to me your pretensions of philanthropy are merely a thin disguise under which you carry on the most nefarious practices. A great tear rolled down the little man's nose ; he shivered, and mumbled, and protested his inno cence, unconscious of the fact that in his hand he still held Godolphin's gold watch and chain. 'These protestations 'of innocence will not help you,' said Dawes, sternly, 'clutching, his watch. Dawes is a J.P., and the position he had now taken up came natural to him. ' Better confess all, and throw yourself on the mercy of the court ; but, re member what you say will be used in evidence against you.' ' I will ! I will !' faltered Santa Clans. 'It is all on account of the drink — really ! really ! it's all the cursed drink. I used to cart- round toys for the children when I was young and innocent. I did, your honour; but when the drink craving got hold of me I commenced to pawn my stock in order to buy liquor through the year, because, you know, I only get out- on Cfrnstmas Eve. Then I gradually got into a way of picking up bits of jewellery in the houses I visited, and went from bad to worse, until I came to this. Now I usually collect valuables enough on my Christmas Eve tour to keep me in whisky all the year round. I sell out to a Jew fence in the Ghefcto — London, you. know.' 'Scandalous! scandalous!' growled Dawes. ' Keep my secret, won't you ?' pleaded Santa Claus. ' Ib would be dreadful to have the children disbelieve in me. I couldn't oxitlive their contempt. You'll let me go, and say nothing about this, I'm sure you will.' ' Couldn't think of ifc!' thundered Dawes. ' It will ill become me as a good citizen and a magis trate to permit so dangerous a character* to remain at large.' ' But what would you do with me ?' pleaded poor Santa. ' I will have you sent to an Inebriates' Retreat.' Godolphin Dawes made a grab at his visitor, but Santa dogged him, and fled up and down the room, crying piteously : ' Not an Inebriates' Retreat ! Please not an Ine briates' Retreat ! Anything but that !' 'Presently he raised himself into the air, and, seeing him in the act of making a dash for the win dow, the magistrate seized a heavy soap dish, and let fly, and Santa Claus and the dish went through the pane at the same time with a great crash, and Godolphin, overbalancing, pitched head foremost over a chair, bringing down the dressing table, and raising such a racket as to awaken everybody in the house. 'When Dawes came to, he was prostrate amongst the ruins of the dressing table and mirror, and his relations were all gathered about him, asking fifty questions at once ; but that drunken reprobate, Santa Claus. was gone, and the only hint of him that remained was a faint smell of spirits in the air. Silas Snrll. 