SERMON FOR SUNDAY To Work the Works of Christ By Rev. J. S. Poilooe, Rotiring Moderator Presbyterian General Aasorably. Preached in Wieldiam terraco Presbyterian Church, on opening Queensland Presby terian General Assembly, May 3, 1807. ' ''Verily, verily,' I say untojrnu, ho that beuovetn 011 Mo, tho wnrfcs that X do shall he do also ; and greater works than theso shall he do, because I go unto My Father."— John xlv. 12. CONCLUDED FROM LAST BATUEDAY. Wo notice eccondly tliat tho work of Christ's peoplo is in some respects a greater work than that of Christ Himself. " And greater works than theso shall ye do." Wore theso not tho words of Christ Himself, we should bo disposed to set them down us pre sumptuous and misleading. Uttered by Him they arrest uttention, and provoke thoinqniry, " How enn this ho ?" Wo have endeavoured previously to clear tho way by pointing out that " works " hero must bo taken to refer to those things wliioh ongnging Christ's life, also engage that of His people. Those are, and were, us Isaiah points out, the spread of the Gospel, tho elevation of mankind through tho apprehension of tho principles of right eousness and true human liberty, nnd the alleviation of tho condition of human life from the ilia with wliieli it is burdened. Theso wore tho labours by which Christ's days were filled up, and arc also those to which His peoplo uro balled. Christ does more of theso things mediately than Ho did personally when in the flesh upon the earth. God in Christ and Christ in man— suuh is the Divine order for uplifting and lilessiug mankind. The Gospel history, as Lnko tella us, is hut a rccord of " all that .Testis began both to do and to touch until the day that Ho was received up again into heaven." Church history since then is the continuation of the story of what .Tosus has done, and tunglit, and is, .doing,' and teaching, through His people from that day to this.' And this luttcr oliaptcr is the longer,': tho record: of more extciisivo operations. First, in tho preaching of tho Gospel itself, and the result following. Christ uume to preuoli His own Gospel. Aud ho did so, lovingly and engag ingly, in synagogue and on seashore, in temple, court, and 011 mountain top, Ho drew the hearts of men to Himself and the Father, liven tho most nnapprcciatiro and prejudiced " wondcrod at tho graoiptis words thut pro ceeded out of His mouth." The casual hearer was' impelled to say, "Ncvoe man spake liko this Man." ' As the morn constant, "Lord to whom should wo go but unto Tliec, for TTiou bust the words of etorual life." Witli authority, and clear ness, _ freshness aud hnmaucncss, Christ submitted the great truths regurditig human life in its relations to God and man, time and eternity, as they had never bofore been s bmiltcd ; and, ns wo read His words, we do not wonder at the rocurd that "ull men came to Him," and that out of the multitude there wero some who believed in Him, and out of a sincere heart bocumo His followers, hut rather that they wero so few. The effect of an imperfect apostle witnessing for Christ 011 tho day of Peuteeost was manifold greater than Christ's own preaching (luring till tho years of His ministry. Not that Peter for a, moment forgot that it was Christ behind him, and working mediately through him, that made his efforts successful.1 "This Jesus," suith lie, " liath God raised up, whereof wo all ure witnesses. Therefore, being by tho right bund of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, Ho hatli Hlied forth this which ye now see and heur." In what took place then, and of a similar kind since, wo have the earnest of what, according to tho Divine promise, is to ho accomplished when" tho kingdoms of this world shall become tho kingdoms of our Lord and of His Christ." Christ's personal minis try was ountiiied to tlie.littlo country of Pales tine, but His disciples were commanded and privileged to "Go into ull tho world and make disciples of all nations," and in overy jirayor offered, ovory lesson imparted, overy testimony bnrno, every sacrifice made, with a view to tho spread of tho Gospel, wo see in arb the practical interpretation of the nviottr's words, " Tho works , that I do shall yo do also, and greater works than these sliull ye do," Again, as we regard Christ as a social reformer nnd human beuofaotor — for suoh He undoubtedly wits— greater works uro loft for His followers to accomplish than He Himself performed. Christ ' ' came to break overy yoko' ' by enunciating thogreiitprinoiplesof fraternity and freedom, mill bequeathing to His church tho Spirit and love of them. Ho taught tho little company, of Ills disciples, by prayer nnd precept, to regard themselves us tho children of God, and ns equals in His family before Him. " Call 110 man muster on earth?" saith He, " for one is your muster, oven Christ, and ail yo arc brethren." In this precept we have the mustard seed of what was intended to dovolop iuto a great tree of human llborty. Follow its development, and you follow tho history of yoko breaking, nnd the establish ment of .tho rights of man. In Lutliar's protest, in Cromwell's revolution, in William tho Third's settlement, in.tlio abolition of slavery in Amelias, aud in many other outstanding events of history, we liavn the constant fcaturo of a righteous indignation aguinst, and determined resistance to, thut which is enslaving, horn of, and nurtured by, the religion of Jesus Christ. Tho fuot of tho post becomes the pledge of tho futuro. Tho Christian mini uiul Cliristiuu community' can not beast) to usk, What is just? What is light in tho sight of God, both to my neigh bour and myself? And if this bo tho per- sistont inquiry, who shall say but that the limit of reform sliull! he at length tho full measure of right and just ice ? But If it ho true, as history iiffirius it is, that wo owo what is most preeibiis in ou'v political heritage to tho religion of God and. His Christ, what shall lie said about the effrontery, tile liideons aud glaring ingratitude, which would oxeludo tho very name of God, and all acknowledgment of Him, from tho 'proposed constitution and laws of our coming Aus tralian commonwealth ? Gradually unu surely the shaping and controlling of our political aud social conditions Is pausing out of the hands of the few into 'that of the many ; uiol us the opportunities of ..influence beouirio more widely distributed, so also docs our respon sibility. The conditions! are boiilg fulfilled 'which make tho groatei'.ivqrks possible. Shsll wo jjft>. buck to political : atheism, or, con serving bin Christian , numb anil .privileges, endeavour. to make our laws mid institutions the acknowledged channels , through which tho mind of Christ shall tic expressed, und His will und work dono ? .ITJieso arjs questions that watt' for immediate '.answer from us. . May wo bo enabled., to bhesr ' our, part "jii answering them, as woqiliuU ho answcruhln to Jesus Christ. Lasilyf -Christ's wurka wurn tliosn of kiudness und hehovuloiie'v. "Ho wout about doing good." " As mi answer , to all Julio's dbul>!» regarding His Hossiuhship, Ho told U10 measonger, " Oo uiid.slioiy Johu ill! the tilings wliioh yo see mid 'hear j liow thut tho blind received ', their sight, tliii deaf heur, the laiqq'i.; walk, the . loners are cleansed and the dfnd uro. raised." But grout though these works wero of.inbroy aiiil kindness, which our Lord perforniod' apiivt from His disciples, they uro. qvarahaduwad hi number und magnitude .by :thb' 'grpiitor works which Ho through tho ages .perform b through them. Christ multiplies Hiinsoif iu His people, and through their human hearts, cud lips, and hands distributes His.. blessings to tho multitude. /Still. Ho 'is: sanding forth His disoiples with commission, to lieu! tho siuk, and oust out iluvlls, und, us tliis commission . is received . und , understood a divino ' compussion fills; tho .Jiuinuii soul, wliioh . longs to express itself in '..practical kindness , and helpfulness ,,to tlin stole and Buffering, and iorbeuruiico and pity to. the eiriug and criminal. ') Wisdom is justified of hnr children." TlioOhriatlms endeared Him- selfto the world .by His; self- saorifloing lore, by his pity, snu benevolouoo; His gentleness, and stondcrnoss, by- the breadth, us well as tho' fineness and depth ' of His sympathy. But 0 ! the grout want of the world is to liuvo .Christ revealed to it ! To. know, tho moaning .of- the incarnation of the .8011 of. God. " To' see and believe that, thore has been Biiolinn incarnation. How . shall this he brought about? How lots it been brought, about? In.part It has; beeu doiieby.tho personal lifo of Qhrist , upon , .the. earth, And its : that divinely benevolent life speaks for itself, we hear Him say, "Believe Mo for the very works' sake;" - The great and good works of Christ did convince some, ana made them say, " If this Man were not of God Ho could do nothing." "These are not thp works of him that hath a devil. Can a dovil open the eyes of tho blind?" In greater part, the fact of a Divino incarnation is homo in upon tho hearts of men by the living example of Christ-possessed men. Thoy are witnosso's of tho incurnution of tho Son of God, and so is also tho Holy Ghost inlhem mid through them. Christ lives, aud toils, rejoices, and weeps, and manifests His graco and truth in tlio world through every "work of faith and labour of lore," on tho part of His believing followers, and as Divino , impulses take shape in measures of loving helpfulness, us Christ through His peoplo pours out tho oil and wine for the benofit of needy, weak, and wounded humanity, Ho appeals to the world with a logic irresistible. " If I do tlio works of God, no doubt tho kingdom of God is oomo upon you." We can give out no more than wo lake in. Our powr to work will bo measured by our spirituul strength. For tho " greater works " of Christ wo need to drink of His onp, and be baptised with His baptism, to realise what Paul prayed might he granted to the Ephcsian Christians, "Thut Christ might dwelt in our henrts by faith, that rooted and grounded in love, wo may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth and length and depth mid height, and to know the love of Christ which passoth knowledge, that we might bo filled with the fulness of God." Filled with this spirit, as it cxpressoi itself in Christlike deeds, the world will be loft in no doubt still that the kingdom of God is como upon it. May the judgment of tills spirit and tho observance of this practice bogin first at tho house of God. May it ho that in tho counsels of tliis assembly wo. " shall sook not our own things, but.thoso which ho of. Christ Jesus." " Looking not overy man' on- his own things, hut overy man ulso on tho things of others." That from tho Macedonian cry of needy dis tricts and brethren, struggling with diffi culties, we shull . nssuredl'y gathor that tho Lord hath called us. .. Our work is great, hut otir Helper is greater. . Christ hath gone to tho Fatnor. Ho hath recbivcd tlio promise of tho Father for us in- tho gift of tho Holy Spirit. May that Spirit fill all our hearts, guide all our counsels, and crown with bless itig all our efforts to work the works of Christ. Amen. 