A IfEW YORK JOURNALIST. The death of Mr. C. A. Dana at the age .of 78 removes one of the most remarkable figures in ^New York journalism. The deceased gentleman, who had been in active service; with hia pen since 1844, was as anewspaper man much more after tke style pf his sometime contemporaries Horace Gxeeley, of the 'New York Tribune,' and Henry J. Raymond, of the f'New .York Timeai,' than that of the present generation of sensation toon gers. He believed in good forcible writing jand up-io-date news rather than immense 'spreads J- ioVer^::itis ?/???. aebdlB'^pt^i^ky.. eases/^iMood-: -?urdling illustrations ' -.'it\: '_'. the remains of murdered persons, and other horrors. The 'New York Sun,' with which he became connected in T868, after a varied experience as managing editor of : the .*? Tribune.*' editor of the;4njiBiricaii , Cyclopedia, and Assistant Secretary for War' during part^jjI-iheiCisiL -War, .was long recog*' ^,ed,a^l:Oiie~.ot;^hp;^J)e'st Swr.itten.f papers in,' ?J^p'ejric^;-.; . ina . , ';:onefe wliieh^g* ve ~ jB^^jmrnsS'] news ;'. ;1a^t)ie t;- xnpsjb p^nd^n^ed',-: j $y?e^;;- th\\-'. ita«wai& virtue of the qualities whioh jKc Djra*' had imparted tp ii, after, Tjejirly .all the other New York daily papers, with possibly the single exception of the 'Tribune/' at the bead of which is Mr. Whitelaw Beid, former TT.S. Minister to Paris,, had entirely changed Uieir'styio. The ' Tribune ' is, however, .by no means the power it : was in the days of Horace Greeley, and the *' New York Times,' the other leading paper of Mr. Dana's busiest period, went some time ago into the hands of a receiver. As for the rest, the 'New York Herald ** h^^intot vast expenditure of money, the sending out of African exploring expeditions, Arctic expeditiens, &c.;, has soared from the not. very reputable sheet it wad at its start to a sort' of wonder of the I world, with more advertisements, bigger colored I supplements, a bigger cable service, and a geater number of pages than any paper extant. To conscientiously, read a Sunday number of the ' New York Herald*' all through would take a man all his spare time for a week, and, twaddle' and good matter being mixed together with a very free hand, the week's study would hardly be -profitable. Mr. Dana never believed in or attempted this sort of thing. Still less did he believe in the methods of the 'New York World' and the 'New York Journal' The 'New York World' wag some years ago pur chased by a Polish Hebrew gentleman named Pulitzer, who bad graduated in newspaper work in Chicago; the 'Journal' much more recently fell into the hands of a Calif ornian millionaire called Hearst.' The two papers vie with each other in giving details of divorce cases, pictures of criminals, and histories of their crimes, and consider that the more horrible these are so much the better. Though Ihe 'Sua' always eschewed these arts, Mr. Dana in a party sense was by - no means a scrupulous journalist. In 1884. he supported the candida ture for President of General Ben Butler, who was running on the 'greenback labor' ticket, although he of course was fully aware that Butler had not the ghost of a show of being ? elected and was merely put forward to take votes from Cleveland, the regular Democratic candidate who was pledged to civil service reform. One of Mr. Dana's peculiarities wae that he would quietly ignore even official documents if they told against the cause for which he had been arguing. On one occasion, when taxed with having purposely omitted to publish some important Government return which had been anxiously looked for, and which weighed very heavily against something which tbe ' Sun ' had been sup porting, he boldly announced in print that he believed that the return had been eaten by the office cat. Eight or wrong, conscientious or otherwise, there was, however, never any difficulty in understanding what Mr. Dana meant, or in seeing that he had a decide 1 opinion. The 'Sun's' articles never, left a general impression that a great deal could be said on both sides. The deceased, who latterly was a venerable white bearded spectacled figure ' was a staunch believer in physical exercise. Some of the latest American papers to hand tell a story of how when, quite fifty years of age he used to spend part of every morning in a riding school, and there undergo exertion as severe as if he had been in training for a circus-rider. The deceased must have died a rich man, which shows that , his stand against gutter journalism as practised by some of the very widely circulated examples of newer New York newspaperdom was a paying game.1 