THE BROKEN ROWLOCK. Albert Langdon and Charles Naylor were companions of long standing. In the same class at school, and residing in the same street, childish attachment strengthened as they grew older, until they seemed more like brothers than friends. They helped each other with their home lessons, or rather, Albert assisted his friend, who would not have kept his place in the school but for such aid. In the summer evenings they often went fishing, and occasionally, as they grew older, had a row up the Ribble as far as Walton church. Charlie's father wished his only son to learn his own trade, that of a cabinetmaker, but Albert meant to be a schoolmaster, and in the end both became pupil teachers in their old school. When both were 17 years of age, a well-to-do Uncle of Albert's died, and bequeathed to his favourite nephew a legacy of £2,000, the income meantime to be spent on the fortunate youth's education. The legacy led to a feeling of cool- ness between the two friends, Naylor fancying that Langdon " put on airs " because of his for- tune. On Naylor's 18th birthday, however, he was the recipient of a splendid little boat, just big enough for two, Langdon having purchased two boats exactly alike, out of his first half year's interest on his legacy. This generous act renewed the strained friend- ship, and for a time all went along smoothly. The two often went on the river with their boats, occasionally racing in a friendly fashion, and sometimes taking a friend with them. Among the pupil teachers was a pretty girl named Alice Crook, a favourite with the whole school, and it soon became apparent that for her smiles the two friends were rivals. And when Charles Naylor made the mortifying discovery that Alice preferred Albert's company, and that she gladly accepted his assistance in pre- paring her evening lessons, the spirit of the youth again burned fiercely, and he vowed to have his revenge " some day." Outwardly, to all appearance, he was as friendly as ever ; he could not pick a quarrel with Langdon with- out giving a reason ; and to confess that he sighed for the affections of the fair Alice was impossible. " What do you think of entering in the two oared boat-race at the regatta, Charlie ?" asked Albert one evening " There are no boats on the river so light as ours, and it is not likely that there will be any competitors from other places ; the prizes will scarcely tempt them. Besides, if they do, we are not obliged to com- pete." " If you are thinking of it, I'll enter," re- plied Langdon. " And I'll take his insufferable pride down a peg or two," muttered Naylor to himself, as he went down to the river at sunrise next morn- ing, to put himself in training for the race. He would win easily, he believed, and thereby show Langdon that he was not A 1 at every thing he aimed at. And as Naylor was fully two inches taller, and at least a stone heavier, than Langdon, it seamed a foregone conclusion among their ac- quaintances when it became known that the two had entered for the race that Naylor would be a comparatively easy winner. The weather on the regatta day was all that could be desired, and the northern bank of the river was crowded with spectators, the grand- stand being filled by the elite of the town. The race for which Langdon and Naylor had entered was far down in the programme, and meanwhile they sat with their friends in the grand stand. Alice Crook was there, and to Naylor's intense chagrin, she wore a neat little blue tie, his competitor's rowing jacket having blue stripes, while his own had chocolate brown. " I'll take the puff out of him !" thought Naylor, strolling off in another direction, to the wonderment of his friends. There were seven entries for the two-oared boat race, and Naylor was first favourite. He had shown himself on the previous Sunday afternoon to admiring crowds between the bridged. His rapidity of stroke being commented upon by all who professed to know anything about rowing. There was a capital start, and before the com- petitors had gone 100 yards Naylor was leading with Langdon close behind. Straining every nerve the favourite kept well in front until he had rounded the buoy, but getting too near the bank he was compelled to ship one oar for a few seconds, and that lost him the race. Lang- don managed to keep the left of his antagonist, and, in spite of almost superhuman efforts by Naylor, won the race by about ten yards. Furiously disappointed, Naylor could not face the sympathy of his friends, and after resuming his ordinary dress, went home, leaving Alice Crook to be escorted by Langdon. It had been previously arranged that the two friends should go to a concert that evening, being Saturday ; but Naylor did not turn up at the appointed time, and having purchased two reserved seat tickets, Langdon called on Mrs. Crook, and begged her to allow Alice to go with him. The mother knew of his legacy, and also of his many good qualities, and believing her daughter might do much worse than marry Langdon she gave her consent. Naylor's class in the Sunday school was minus a teacher next day ; he had a a severe cold was the excuse sent to the superintendent. But on the Monday morning he was in his place in the day school, and greeted Langdon as though nought had disturbed the good feel- ing between them. And their mutual friends who saw the two young men together during the next few weeks were obliged to admit that they had been agreeably surprised by Naylor's be- haviour under defeat ; he was bearing it like a brave young fellow ought to do. Naylor had proposed a leisurely row down the river some Saturday evening, going with the the stream, and returning with the incoming tide, thereby rendering the task of rowing some- what easier. But the carrying out of the pro- ject was postponed—First because when the tide would suit the weather was unpropitious ; then the annual teachers' examination took place on a Saturday otherwise suitable. And thus it happened that when they were able to go October was far advanced, and Langdon would have dropped the project at the first hint from his friend. " We shall be all right, Bert ; the moon rises at seven, and we shall be on our way back then," said Naylor on their way down to the boathouse. And so Langdon thought as they rowed slowly down with the stream, the exertion required being so little as to make it very enjoy- able. They had gone further than originally intended, being opposite the Naze, when Langdon, looking round westward, saw that a thick fog was coming up the river. " Look at the fog, Charlie ; we must turn at once." Naylor was a few yards behind at the time and instantly turning commenced to row at his best sped. Langdon followed suit, but before he had rowed fifty yards he fell on his back at the side of the boat, upsetting it. He was an expert swimmer, and soon managed to get into the boat again, but both his oars were now lost, and when he had bailed the water out his companion was nowhere to be seen. The fog gradually crept round him, rendering it im- possible to see where the tide was carrying the helpless boat. He must be going in the direction of home, he thought ; that was his only consolation. His position did not seem so very perilous ; if the fog would not lift, he should have no fears for his ultimate safety. What had caused his mishap ? A broken rowlock, evidently, and he felt it carefully. " Great heavens—it has been cut ! Who committed such an outrageous deed ? " and he tried to think that his lifelong friend would not be guilty of a dartardly act which might yet end—how ? " No, no ; I will not believe that Charlie would play me such a despicable trick, and thereby give the lie to his protestations of gratitude for the assistance of many kinds I have been able to render him." His musings were interrupted by the boat running into a sandbank, with which the estuary of the Ribble abounds. Was the sandbank near the shore ? Being high water, or close to it, he dare not leave his boat to endeavour to ascertain his surround- ings, and with some difficulty he pushed the boat off again. Shivering with the cold, sitting in his wet clothes, the thick fog adding to his discomfort, the hours went slowly by, but not nearly so fast as he imagined. And when he was beginning to hope that the tide must have carried him so near Preston that he might pos- sibly see some signs of life on the river banks, the boat again struck the sand. " I must be in the estuary of the Douglas river," he said to himself. And again shoving the boat off, he began to hope that he might venture to take to the sand bank when he again struck it. The night passed slowly—so slowly to the still hopeful occupant of the cockle- shell boat that, not knowing in which direction he was going, he was both startld and dismayed when, the fog lifting suddenly, he could see a number of lights, but at such a distance away that for some time he could not feel certain what town they belonged to. " That is Southport, and I am being carried out to sea !" It was an overwhelming discovery, and his hopes of succour grew faint. A few minutes observation convinced him that he was being carried in a southerly direction, and he was thereby somewhat reassured, as he would ere long be in the track of ships outward bound from Liverpool, and might be rescued in time be- fore the intense cold had done it terrible work. But in spite of his efforts to keep his blood in circulation, a sense of numbness stole over him, and though he well knew that sleep would mean death, his determination to keep awake was giving way to despair when suddenly the lights of a large ship loomed before him. " Ship ahoy !" he shouted, but his voice was as hoarse as the croak of a raven, and could not have been heard a dozen yards away. The moon was shining brightly, however, and the lookout man on board the steamer happily espied the boat, which was painted white, with blue stripes around the gunwhale. The engines were stopped, and a rope thrown to Langdon, but he was too weak and numbed to catch it. " They have gone, and left me to perish !" he groaned. But it was not so. A boat soon put off from the steamer, and the hapless Langdon was soon on board. The reaction produced by the certainty that he was safe, however, was more than he could bear, and when lifted on board he was insensible. " A narrow escape !" said the doctor. " See, his watch stopped at 7.15 ; he must have been sitting in that boat, in his wet clothes, for nearly six hours. Only a strong constitution could have stood such an ordeal." " Is it safe to send him back with the pilot ?" asked the captain. " By no means. It would be sending him to the grave. He will have a sharp attack of fever, I am afraid." His pockets were searched for some evidence of his identity, but no papers or letters of any kind were found. " His clothing and the possession of a good watch and chain show him to be respectable ; we must ask the pilot to make known the rescue to the Liverpool papers ; his friends will thus be informed of his safety," said the captain. The doctor's opinion was verified, and Lang- don was raving in the delirium of fever dur- ing the whole of the passage across the Atlantic to New York. But having safely turned the crisis, he mended rapidly. A collection among the passengers had produced sufficient to pay for his passage home, and he thus returned to Liverpool in the same steamer. In the meantime, consternation, followed by intense grief, reigned in two homes at Preston. When Charles Naylor realised that his villainous scheme had been successful, so far that when he ventured to look round, Langdon's boat was not in sight, his satisfaction was but of a mingled character. What would be the result ? Had he really contemplated the murder of his old friend ? What would be gain by it ? If Bert Langdon were drowned, would Alice Crook, transfer her affections to another, even though that other had been to Langdon like Absalom to David ? These and other questions of a similar nature Charlie Naylor asked himself as he pulled steadily onwards. The fog was so thick that he could not see three yards in any direction ; and with ears strained, he went slowly on to- ward the town, not much afraid of being run down, for he knew that very few vessels left Preston on a Saturday night. " Thank goodness, there's a light at last. That must be the chain light, and I have yet more than two miles to go. But the tide is helping me splendidly." Ere he arrived at the new pier, the fog lifted, and then he rowed much faster. He had fixed upon the course he intended to adopt. He would say nothing about Langdon unless ques- tioned, and then declare that he lost him in the fog. It was the most foolish decision he could have come to, but guilt induced fear. For the first time in his life, he did not arrive at home until past midnight. His Father had gone to bed very angry, declaring that if he awaited the coming home of his son there would be a row, and therefore he had better retire. And his mother, after setting out his hot supper, said nothing to him about the lateness of the hour, but also retired. Before he had finished his supper, there was a knock at the door. No one in the front could see the light in the back parlour, and guessing that someone from Langdon's had come to ask for him, Naylor sat still, saying to himself, " Let them knock ! " It was Mrs. Langdon, and reluctantly she re- turned home, thinking it possible, as her hus- band suggested, that the young men had landed at Lytham when the fog came on, and there being no train, had been obliged to stay all night. Next morning, however, before Charles Naylor was out of bed, Mrs. Langdon was again at the door, and Mrs. Naylor aroused her son. " Where did you leave Bert last evening, Charlie ?" " Somewhere down the river, when the fog came on. We lost one another. But surely he has come home ? " " No, they have heard nothing of him. Oh ! Charlie, how could you leave him ? You are bigger and stronger than he is, and if anything has— " Don't talk such nonsense, mother ! What can have happened to him ?" But Mrs. Naylor did not reply ; she went slowly downstairs with her terrible news, vainly endeavouring to assuage the grief of the stricken mother. " It is no use, Mrs. Naylor ; something tells me my boy is lost ! The good die young ! And never a better son than my Bertie trod the earth. He has never willingly caused any one of us a moment's pain. I don't blame your son. He got frightened, I suppose, when the fog came on, and was in a hurry to get back. I will come in again, and see him." Mr. Naylor went to the police, and notified them that his son was missing ; and acting on their advice, he took the train for Lytham, and there engaged a small steam trawler to search for the missing boat. But nothing was found ; and no tidings were received of its owner. On reaching Liverpool, the pilot of the Macedonia was met by his eldest daughter, with the news that her mother had been found dead in bed the previous morn- ing. The message he had been charged to de- liver to the newspaper offices was completely forgotten, in his grief at the death of his wife, and it was not until the following Thursday that he chanced to see a paragraph in the " Echo " to the effect that a young man named Langdon, who went for a row on the Ribble on Saturday evening, had not returned, and it was supposed he had been lost in the fog. Blaming himself for his forgetfulness, the pilot imme- diately wired to the Preston police, to the effect that the Macedonia had picked up a small boat with a young man in it, in the Channel, some ten miles west of the Mersey Bar. A few hours afterwards Mr. Langdon was in Liverpool, and after some little trouble found the pilot. But again the heart-broken father had to endure the torments of suspense. The pilot had to admit that the rescued young man was in a high fever when he left the steamer, and Mr. Langdon returned home with a fuller under- standing than he had previously possessed of that well known text—" Hope deferred maketh the heart sick." During that week, Charles Naylor went about like an animated ghost, and won golden opinions for his evident grief for the supposed loss of his friend. But, to the astonishment of his parents, the news brought by Mr. Langdon from Liver- pool did lot chase the gloom from the young man's brow. He seemed to become more melan- choly than before ; and as the time approached when the Langdons might expect to hear from their son, if he had recovered, the Naylor's feared that Charlie was going out of his mind. The arrival of the Macedonia at New York was duly chronicled in the Liverpool papers, but nothing was said of the resumed castaway ; and again the hopes of the Langdons grew fainter. The tortures of remorse endured by Charles Naylor during this period it would be impossible, to describe. He could not eat, and the little sleep he was able to obtain was broken by awful dreams, in which Albert Langdon was drowning, and appealing to him for help. The full enormity of the crime he had committed, as the result of his mad jealousy, had come home to him, and he would have given all he posessed, his hopes, his prospects, could he have undone his wicked deed. The hopes of the Langdons now centred in the return of the Macedonia, and the joy of the family may be imagined when a telegram was received from their son, handed in at Queen- stown, saying that he was quite well, and hoped to be at home within twenty-four hours. " I must go and tell Mrs. Naylor ; she says Charlie is fretting himself to death," said Mrs. Langdon. But the good news had an effect on Charles Naylor that astonished all who knew the cir- cumstances He was taken suddenly ill, and the doctor said he was in for a sharp attack of brain fever. For some time his life was in dan- ger, and when he was sufficiently recovered to see visitors the first to come was Albert Lang- don. He had not been told that Langdon wished to see him, and when his old friend spoke he turned away his face, crying : " Bertie Langdon ! No, no ; I cannot—I— tried—" " Hush, Charlie ! You must forget what happened on that day. It is known only to you and me. I knew you would be sorry after- wards, Charlie. You have been spared a life- long misery. Shake hands, old friend." From that hour Charlie Naylor recovered, strength rapidly. But for a long time he avoided the river, and before he ventured out his boat had been sent as a gift to a bazaar got up at Southport on behalf of the lifeboat fund. Only Albert Langdon could have explained why, after that brain fever attack, his friend seemed to have suddenly changed from the youth to the man. His exuberant spirits and fun-loving nature had vanished ; and he was seldom seen to smile. To the regret of his parents, he declined to follow the teaching pro- fession ; Langdon alone guessed his reasons. Three years after their last row, Langdon married Alice Crook, Naylor, after much per- suasion, being " best man " on the occasion. " How foolish to go rowing on the Kibble, when the tide is up, and unable to swim !" re- marked one of the male guests, after the newly- wedded pair had departed for Torquay. Only Albert Langdon could have explained why Charles Naylor turned pale, his eyes dis- tending with horror, as a paragraph from the local evening paper was read, relating how a young man had been drowned on the river, his skiff having been upset as the result of a " broken rowlock." 