HOWARD'S HOLOCAUST. OR NOSEY BOB'S RECORD. No. X. Execution of Daniel Boon and Peter Murdick at Wagga for Murder. ah chong at svdnet fob MURDER COMMITTED IN GAOL. Thomas Newman for Harder at Disbbo, The Aboriginal Alfred for Rape at Hudgee. The Sod Walls Rape Case. (By 'Old Chum.') Ox Junuary 10, 1S76, the qniet of Wagga Wagga was ruthlessly disturbed by a sensa tional announcement that a well-known publican DANIEL BOON had iu cold blood, iu broad daylight, shot an equally well-known mau, Alexander McMulleu, a wheelwright of North Wagga. Boon was unfortunately given to drink and for some supposed offence went deliberately from his hotel in the main town, to North Wagga, a distance of some two miles, and while Mc Mullen was doing some work to tbe axle of a dray Boon fired and mortally wounded him. Boon was arrested for shoot ing with intent, but as McMullendied before the proceedings at the police court were Initiated, the charge was altered to that of WILFUL MURDER, for which he stood hie trial in April, before the Chief Justice, Sir James Martin. Mr — now Sir— Julian Salomons was specially briefed no defend, and urged that the verdict should be one of manslaughter, as Boon was on the verge of lunacy from drink. Tbe Chief Justice dissented from counsel's view of the matter, holding that drink was no exense for the crime of taking life. The jury agreed with the Chief Justice, found Boon gnilty of the capital charge, and the wretched drunkard was sentenced to death. The Wagga people made an effort by petition to save him, but without avail, and in May he passed through Howard's hands into eternity. There was nothing remarkable about Boon's crime, and there was prac tically no defence, the* 'perky little Hebrew lawyer ' making the most of the inebriated condition of the murderer. For many years the gaol at Parramatta had an evil reputation. It wa9 said that the prisoners were in a constant state of mutiny, and stringent measures had to be adopted to keep the turbulent spirits in check. 1 hap pened to know 'Geordie' Walt; who was chief warder there in the seventies — a man who made no secret of the punishments meted out for breaches of gaol discipline. He has boasted how he SPREAD-EAGLED, 'gagged,' and sent men to the dark ceils for minor offences. It mast be admitted that, after Berrima, Parramatta Gaol held some of the most notorious criminals in the colony. One of Geordia'a pet prisoners was the stalwart Captain Armstrong, of the jirig Carl. It wi 11 be remembered that a notorious scoundrel, one Dr Murray, fitted out the Carl for a ?blackbirding' expedition, which ended in a massacre.. Murray torned ' dog ' on his dopes. In Sydney, Armstrong, the captain, and the mate were tried before Mr Justice Faucett for the murder of a number of South Sea Islanders, found gnilty, and sentenced to death. Another of the crew was tried also for mnrder by Mr Justice Hargrove, and condemned to die. They were, how- ' ever, reprieved and sentenced to iifa im prisonment. Several of the crew were sentenced to various terms of imprisonment. At Melbourne two of the ' snper-corgoes,' so called, MOUNT AND MORRIS, were convicted and sentenced to fourteen years 'transportation,' the penalty named in the Act. As there was no place of ' trans- portation' then in existence, the pair escaped on a technicality. As they emerged from the court-house in La Trobe-street, their friends hurried them into a cab, and they disappeared from public view. The story of the ' Carl Massacres ' may be written some day. More prisoners have been sent for trial in open court for crimes committed in Parra matta Gaol than from any other prison in the colony. In a recent issue I gave, in. detail, the trial and execution of Thomai Kelly for felonious assault on the overseer of the stonebreakers' yard. A few years after that event 1 was present in Darlinghurst Court-house when a prisoner was convicted before Jndge Oheeke of stabbing a fellow prisoner with a dinner-knife and sentenced to 5 years imprisonment. The case of John's for stabbing is fresh in the memory, and will be dealt with in its proper place. The next man operated npon by the common hangman was AH CHONG, convicted of murder is Parramatta Gaol. Tbe story is a simple one, and the canse of tbe murder unknown. On Jannary 18th Ah. Chong and a fellow country man^Po Tie,' wore, with other prisoners at dinner. With ont a word of warning after the meal, Ah Chong rushed to the table, seized a knife and plunged it into the side of the heathen. Po Tie was so badly wounded that he gave up the ghost in a quarter of an hour. A plea of insanity was set np for the Chinaman but without avail. It is jnst possible that Ah Cfiong'a bad record hanged him, and a bad record has on many occasions hanged others. Tbe Chinkee had served several sentences, one of which was for 6 years. The warders at Darlinghurst asserted that this criminal was the only condemned man, in 15 years, who did not sleep well. Ah Chong was a heathen, and spoke no English when he committed the murder, but we ore told a Christian interpreter was found who lent his old to Rev Mr Milne, and the Rev W Ridley to faring the culprit to a sense Of his position. This interpreter was called away before the execuCion, but another was found, who, as the newspapers of the day put it, was a Roman Catholic ' bnt nevertheless assisted the clergymen, in the good work.' It may therefore be assumed that the HEATHEN CHINEE has reached the happy land. At the Dnbbo Assizes in April 1877. before Aoting-Justice Matthew Henry Stephen, THOMAS NEWMAN. , v' was tried for a brutal mnrder' following npon an assault, the victim ' being a. little girl only 12 years of age named Mary Ana McGregor, at a place called Ulamaui bri, a station belonging to Jennings add Shanahan, near Coonabarabmu. Newman was described as 5ft lOin in height, a brawny, powerful man, dark, with high cheek bones, matted black whiskers, deeply indented temples, with a thin upper lip. Ha was a shepherd in charge of a flock of sheep which he was tending 200 yards away from where the body of the girl was found. The evi 'dence against him waa circumstantial.. A piece of rope had been drawn tightly round the girl'e neck, and from the marks upon her person, there was little donbt that she strug gled hand with her powerful assailant Mr Ednfhbd Barton protecfited,xnd Ibid a plain bnt painful statement betore the jury. Whan the body, was diaoo vfffedN* wnuu Was asked by tbe brother of the dead girl to assist in covering ths poor little thlbg With bfaehee nntil arrangements could be made for her removal by the police. Newman teiusfd to go near or have anything to do with her. A portion of one of his garments was found ^ie*r thfilwdy.; this ud contradictory state ments made served to convict and hang him. He waa the moat unconcerned man fie Court daring thp trial. Wagga waa again the scene of Nosey Bob'e exertions, when in October ba 'ptttfcrttgh' PETER MURDICK, alias Higglna, for the murder of hi* ante, Henry Ford. The pair had been mates at Barmedman Station, and having left were making their way to Waggt, Ford being the tbe possessor of a chsqoa for £31 10s. The twain travelled to WatteeeTbwn, where they wets seen drinking at'Wellett's public hottaa, and where Ford tried to cash his chaqnt. The latter being tlgo; wished to retaalh overnight M WallettxToOt was persuaded by his mate to makp farther program towards Wagga. Mhrdick was next sm at North Wagga, where hq waa asked What tad be come of tbe little fellew Ford, last seen with him at Boon's public house (Mm Boon kept tbe hotel ox for some time after her husband's death). Murdiek's reply was that the 'little fellow ' and he bad parted tor good. In this be was correct, as Ford's body was found in the Murrumbidgee, with the heaa battered in. Mr William Camphin, now Superinten dent of Detectives, was depnted to investi gate. tie had sufficient evideaae to arrest Murdick on suspicion, aild found oil search ing him that he had the right man. In his possession were Ford's watch and chain, and other property. He was also proved to have purchased a saddle andjbridle in payment of which he gave Ford's cheque, receiving the change. He accounted for this by saying that he had given Ford cosh for it. Not withstanding the denial of the accused, there was never a doubt as to his guilt, which the jury only took ten minutes to determine. He was tho most indifferent man in court, aud even when Judge Faueett was passing sentence, preserved a dogged silence. The next execution assisted at by Mr Howard was that of the ABORIGINAL ALFRED, hanged at Mudgee for rape. There was nothing particularly atrocious about the blackfellow's crime, but his trial attracted much attention at the time in consequeuce of what is known as the SODWALLS CASE being then before Parliament and the public. Alfred was penitent and freely confessed his error. He was under the impression, from the interest taken in his case, that he would not be hanged. The Mudgee people made great exertions in his favor ; the press, including the ' Sydney Morning Herald,' advocated a reprieve, but all arguments failed with the Acting Governor, Sir Alfred Stephen, and ' Alfred,' his namesake, ' went through.' The Mudgee press was particularly severe upon the Acting Governor for making un- warranted use of his temporary position to carry out his individual opinions on the ques- tion of capital punishment in cases of rape. How Sir Alfred Stephen acted when pressure was brought to bear in the case of the two lads, WILKINSON AND MEDCALF, will be seen. These two, one 23 years of age, the other 15, were convicted and sentenced to death for a rape on a girl, 16 years of age, named Amelia Clark Smith. The defence was that the girl was a consenting party. All three had breakfasted at the farm house at Sodwalls, between Rydal and Tarana ; the girl went out to run in some calves when the assault took place. Public meetings were held and petitions to the Executive pre- sented : but tbe latter body decided that the law should take its course. A public meeting, attended by 3000 people, and presided over by John Bowie Wilson, was held at Governor Bourke's statue, and an address to Parliament adopted. It was suggested that the Queen should be cabled to, but this was deemed impracticable. Mr De Salis gave notice for leave to introduce a Bill to abolish the death penalty in rape cases, and was promised much support in the Legislative Council. It was urged that if the youths were hanged, no jury would, in future, convict for rape. The girl, with her mother, came to Sydney and waited upon the Acting-Governor, but he was adamant. The mother of Medcalf also came to town and threw herself on her knees before Sir Alfred, who desired her to rise from such 'an improper position.' Mr Hugh Taylor, of Parramatta, knowing that Medcalf's people were poor, paid the expense of the trip to Sydney and introduced the mother and step-father to the Acting Governor. Meanwhile a heated debate took place on the motion for leave to introduce Mr De Salis' Bill. Mr Darley— now Chief Justice— moved the previons question, which was carried. The Aboriginal Alfred was hanged on the 10th, and on the 13th, two days before that fixed for the lad's execution, Mr Hugh Taylor asked a ' friendly question.' when Sir Henry Parkes announced that it had been determined to commute the death sentence to one of imprisonment for life. Dalley had on a former occasion introduced a bill to abolish the death penalty of this crime, but 'Plain Bill' let the matter fall throngh, and Mr De Salis, when he found the Sod Walls lads safe, let his ardour cool The Sol Walls lads were not long in gaol, strong influence being brought to bear upon petitions for their release. The unsatisfactory state of the law has been forcibly brought before tbe public within the past week by Mr Justice Simpson in the case of a lad aged 15 years, tried at Maitland, for 'carnally knowing a girl under 10 years.' To emphasise his opinion of the barbarous nature of the law, the Judge, one of the most humane upon the AUSTRALIAN BENCH, passed tbe sentence of death, but assured the boy that it would not be carried out. The Judge immediately telegraphed to the Government, recommending that a short term of imprisonment be substituted for the death penalty, and no doubt the recommen- dation will be adopted. But the farce re- mains that under the relic of a barbarous age a boy of 15 shall be solemnly sentenced to death only to have that sentence wiped out within a few hours. Sir John Robertson once declared that the crime of rape was worse then murder, but public opinion will presently insist upon the law respecting rape being repealed as far as the death penalty is concerned. 