WONDERFUL WOMAN; ; f . OR, /l'HE DANGERFIELD" MYSTfeftV. MRS MAT AGNES FLEMING.,. Author ot'-fwea, Yet No Wife,:; “Nor-’ ' ■* ine,” “Baronet’s Bride,” Etc. CHAPTER I.—KATHERINE. ' ’* large, loud-voiced clock over the' ' •Stables struck 9, and announced to all .whom it might concern that the break-} fast1 hour of Sir John .Dangerfield, Baro net, of Scarswood Park, Sussex, had arr ■U'ithin and without the great house was very still: a breakfast table, spark ling with crystal, rich with rough old silver, gay with tall glasses of Septem ber roses, and snowy with naperv, stood .ready and waiting in a spacious room: : Through the'.open windows the sweet scented'morning. wind blew,, and far off you caught in the^uinmer stillness the soft wash of ther,Waves on the-yellow f sands, sftoreUhShi a mile aw,ay. At the-last-phime of the loud-voiced clock the door opened, and Sir John Dangerfield game. iutoithe room. The baionet .glanced impatiently around in search of something or somebody else. !,Not dbwiVyet;"’he said.' “That’ss hot like IvatheriHe! She is noj used to dis sipation, and 1 suppose last night’s con cert has made‘her lazy this morning. Thomas”—tortile . .footman, appearing like a tall plush’ spectre in the doorway —“tell . Miss-Katherine’s maid that I am .w ai.ting breakfast. Has the ‘Times’.‘ar-. ^ “^Is, Sir John.” ' v-Thomas presented the folded Thun derer to his master and vanished. Sir John Dangerfield flung himself, in?’ to an. easy; chair/* He was .’a tall, portly. gentleman, this 53ussex baronet', with’a' • handsome, flprid face,.and an upright,' military hearing;, ... For three months pnly. he had-' reigned master of.. Scars Wpod; - three liv£s .had stood between him. and jihe.barbnetcy, and, a Colonel -in '^e Honorable^East India Company’s Service, lie had,, four months-before this’ sunny September: morning, about as much, idea of lording- it in Scarswood Hall as he ever, had of sitting on the throne of England. Suddenly, and as if a, fatality were .at work, these three lives had been removed,'and Colonel Danger field,- of the H.E.I.C.S., became. Sir John Dangerfield, . of Scarswod Park, and, With his daughter and heiress, came hack to England fbr the first time, in fifteen years. lie was- a widower, and Miss Dangerfield; his daughter, his heirass, his idol, had been born iii Eng land, and- was two years old when her, father had last gone diit o' India, and grown up to be.nearly seventeen, before she had ever‘set faot.upon English soil .again.'- ' ' • •• , --/!.-■.•> HC unfolded his paper, but he did not read,.*' ■ ’ ; .; “A fair prospect,” he said—“a princely inheritance .! And-to think that four months ago I was.grilling alive in Cal cutta, with no earthly hope hut that of retirihg One day from the company’s service . with chronic liver complaint, and a colonel’s half pay. ’’For myself it woud not matter; hut for Katherine!” His face changed suddenly.- “If % 'could only be certain she were dead. If I only Could be certain that my secret was bu ried with her! It never mattered before -“-^we were out-of her reach': but since my accession to Scgcsyoochsiriee my re turn’to England.' iha>;V.wv'--«- • zf memory has haunted me’iike'an evil spirit. Only •last night I dreamed of her—dreamed I paw her evil black eves gleaming upon • me in this room. Faugh!” ’ , ... A door far above-closed with a bang: it fresh, young -voice, ;carolling like a bird; the quick.patter,^pa.ttef,. patter-of • .little female f4’et' down stairs—the last three cleared with a jump:, and then the , door-of the breakfast rooni was flung ■wide, and the heiress of Scarswood Park flashed into the room. Flashed—I use the word advisedly— fiashed in like a burst of sunshine—like a Jiill-side breeze—and stood before her. father in fluttering white muslin, pink 2’ibbons waving; brown hair flying, grey eyes dancing, and her fresh, sweet voice ringing through the room. “Good1 morning, papa!” Miss Danger field cried, panting, and out of breath. ‘‘Is breakfast ready? I’m perfectly .fam ished, and would have starved to death in bed if Ninon had not come.and routed me out. And how is your appetite, pa pa?—and I hope I have not kept you waiting too long—and, oh,’ wasn't, the ■concert perfectly de-liciohs last night?” And then two white arms went impe tuously'round the neck of the Indian of ficer, and two fresh, rosy lips gave him a kiss that exploded like a torpedo. Sir John disengaged himself laughing ly from .this impulsive embrace. “Gently,^.gently. Katliie; don’t quite garrote me with those -long arms of yours: Stand off, and let me see how.' you .look* after last night’s dissipation.' 'A perfect wreck, I’ll be bound.” . < “Dissipation! -A^perfect wreck! Oh;’ papa, it „\j;as heavenly—just that! 'J •shall never forget that tenor singer^-; Who sang Fortunio's.-. song, you kndw,’ papa, with'his splendid 'eyes,, and the face of a-Greek god. And his .name^' 'Gaston Dan.tree—beautiful' as himself.' Don’t talk to me of dissipation and a .wreck; I .mean to go again to-night,‘ -and to-morrow night, and,3,11 v the : tb^ ^morrow nights while thos'p .concerts are, given by the Talbots.” • ? ' . She stood before him ; gesticulating rapidly, with the golden' prbrnihg light pouring full on her face.-: £ t-v ! And Miss Katherine Danger field; heir -ess .and heroine, was b.eau'tifnl you say, as an heiress-and heroine should be?-31 ■am sorry to say No. ‘The young, ladies of the neighborhood, otherwise English misses with pink and white, complexions' ■and perfect manners,' v^puld-.^iave, told ;you Katherine Dangeffield was lanky and overgrown, had sunburnt hririds and complexion, too'Sntallja'nose, and' too large a mouth and: chin: Would have told you her forehead Was low, her ■ complexion sallow, and hei;. manners perfectly horrible. She yvajs^boisterous, •ghe was a shoiden, and'-saiid Whatever came uppermost in herminfl; was ut terly spoiled by a doting fatherland had the temper of a very termagant. -They would probably have forgotten to-men-, tion, those young ladies,- that'the sallow complexion was‘lighted-by a $air of the loveliest dark-grey eyes, that the tall, -supple .figure.of the girl of .seventeen -gave rare promise of stately and majes-, tic womanhood, that the ever ready smile,-which" parted the rosy lips, dis played a set of-.feeth flashing: like jewels. “Well, papa, and how’.do I look? Not •very much ugjiejr tl>an;usual,;.I:hQpe.--Oh, papa,” the girl guddenly .pried, .clasping ’her hands,- “tf'lfy, why/.why' wasn’t I born handsome? I adore beauty—pic tures, music,-.sunshine, ’flowers, and— handsome men-b - .1 hate: women—T Irate girls, vain, malicious magpies-rspiteful •and spiritles§. Why don’t I. look like you, you-handsome, splendid old soldier! Why was I born with a yellow Skin, an angular figure,.arid more arms and hands than. I ever know, what to do with? Whom cfo l take-after to be so ugly, papa? Not after you, that’s clear. Then 'It must be after mahnma.” ! Sir John,' in his sunny- window-seat, \- had been -listening with an indulgent omile, folding his crackling paper. The crackling suddenly ceased at his daugh-' ter’s last words, the smile died wholly “Say, papa,” Katherine cried, im patiently, “do I look like mamma? I never saw her, you know, nor her pic ture, nor anything. If I do. you couldn’t have been over and above particular dur ing. the period of love’s young dream. Do I.inherit my tawny complexion, and square chin and snub nose, and low fore head from the late Mrs Colonel Danger field?" • Her father laid down his paper and “Come to breakfast, Katherine." he said, more coldly than he had ever spoken to her before in his life, “and be kind enough to drop the subject. Your flippant manner of speaking of—of your mother is positively shocking. I am afraid it is true what they say of you here—Indian nurses—the lack of a mother's care — and my indulgence, have spoiled you.” . “Very well, papa: them the fault is yours, and you shouldn’t blame me. The what’s-his-name cannot change his spots, and I can’t change my Irreverent nature any more than I car; my looks. But, really and truly, papa/ do' I look like mamma?". “No—yes—I don't know.” ■ * ; “ 'No—yes—I don’t know.’ Intelligible, perhaps, but not at all satisfactory. When I am left a widow, I.hope I. shall, remember how the dear departed part ner of my existence looked, even after thirteen y-ears.Have you no portrait of mamma, then?" ■ • “No! In heaven’s name. .Katherine, eat your breakfast and' . let . me eat “I ain eating my breakfast,” responded his daughter, testily. “I suppose a per son can talk and eat at the same time. Haven’t you rather got a-pain; in your temper this morning, papa? And I must say I think it a little too hard that 1 can’t be told who I take my ugliness Sir ;John again laid down liis . paper wi£h a resigned-sigh. He knew of old hoy- useless it was to try-and stem' the torrent of his daughter’s eloquence. . ‘“What nonsense you talk, my-dear!" hb said. “You’re not ugly-. You don’t ■ want your'father to pay- you compli ments,'doyou, Katherine? 1 thought yqur cousin Peter paid you 'enough last night to'satisfy- even your vanity for a nibnth.” ' _ _ .. .. Katherine shook her head impatiently until all-its red-brown tresses flashed. “Peter Dangerfield — wretched little bore! Yes. he paid me compliments; with his hideous little wizen face close to my ear, and I told him, for goodness sake, to hold his tongue and nol drive me frantic with liis idiotic remarks. He let me alone after that, and sulked. I tell y-ou w-hat it is, papa—if something is-hot done to prevent him, that little grinning imbecile w-ill be asking me to marry him one of these days—mark my “Very well—suppose he does?” The baronet leaned back in his chair, and raised- his paper nervously before- his face. “Suppose he does, KatJhie — what then?” * .-•■■■ “What then!” The y-oung lady could but just repeat the words in her amaze and indignation. ' “What then! . Sir John Dangerfield—do you mean to insult me, sir? -.Put down that paper this in stant', and -look the person you’re talk ing to full in the face, and repeat, ‘what then,' if’you dare!” “Well. Kathie,” the baronet said, still fidgeting- with his paper screen, and not looking, his excited little commanding officer in the face, “Petler’s not hand some,! know-, nor dashing. .hut..lie’s a ] clever little follow,' and my riephew, and in-.love with you, and will make y-ou a much better husband, my dear, than a much better-looking man. Handsome men are alw-ays vain as peacocks, and so 'deeply- in love.with themselves that they- never have room in their conceited hearts and empty- heads to love any one. else. Don’t be romantic.’my dear—you’ll not find heroes anyw-here now except in novels. Peter’s a clever little fellow, as I said, and over head and ears in love with you.” . . • “A clever little fellow-! A clever little fellow-!” repeated Miss Dangerfield, with intense, concentrated scorn. “Papa," with dignity, “a few- minutes ago you told me 'to change the subject.- I make the same remark now. I wouldn’t marry y-our clever little fellow- not to save my ow-n head from the gallows or his soul from perdition. Sir John, I consider myself doubly insulted this morning.! I dohrt wonder you sit there excruciating my nerves 'with that horrid rattling paper, and ashamed to look me in the face. I think you have reason to be ashamed! Telling your only- child and heiress she couldn’t do better than throw herself away- on a pitiful little, country lawyer, only- five feet high, and with ■ the countenance of a rat. If it were that adorable Gaston Dantree, now! Oh, here’s the post'. Papa, papa! give me the key.” • Miss.Dangerfield. forgetting in a second the late ojitrage offered her by her cruel parent,, seized the key, unlocked the bag, an'd, plung-ed in after its contents. ' \- ' "One—two—Jhree—four ! . Two for 'hid -frorp India—ope for .you from ditto, in - iyiajoiv.Trevanion’s big slap-dash, arid ' this-j-^7-.. .Why-, papa, what lady corres pondent can you have in Paris? What ah elegant Italian hand! What thick ?yellpw perfumed paper, and .what -a sentimental seal and motto! Blue wax' and. ‘Pensez a mol.’ Now, papa, who can this be from?” . She threw- the letter across the table. -With' her first words the face of the Indian, officer had changed—a haunted look of absolute terror had come into his .. 'His hand tightened over the paper, his. '■'‘eyes' fixed themselves upon the dainty •missive ,his daughter held before them. -his florid, healthful color faded—a dull greyish whiteness crept over his face from brow to chin. - - . , “Papa!” Katherine cried, “you’re .ill's-, you’re-going to have a fit! Don’t telf one! -Can’t I see it?. Drink this—drink it this moment, and come round.” • - . She held a glass of water to his lips. He obeyed mechanically, and the color that had faded and fled slowly- crept back to liis bearded, sun - browned “There!” said Miss Dangerfield, in un satisfied tone. “ you have eome-round ! And now tell me, was it a fit, or was it; fhe'letter? Tell me the truth, sir;'.'don’t prevaricate.” g . “It was one'of my old attacks, Kathie,. nothing more. You ought to be used to. them by. this time. Nothing more, I give ! you my- word. Go back to your break-, fast,', chiljd,” he said, testily, “and don’t stand staring there in that uncomfort ale wayi*- •' ... “My-'opimon.is'; papa,” responded Miss Dangerfieid.,-with gravity, “that you’re in a bad .way,, and should turn youi’ at tention immediately from the roast beef of old England to w-ater gruel and w-eak tea. • A'fine'-'old English gentleman of your timd-of day, who has left his liver, behind him in India, and who has the Sepoy bullet.;, lodged for life in his left lung, and a strong tendency to apoplexy besides, ought to mind what he eats and drinks, and he on very friendly terms with the nearest'Clergyman. Aren’t you going to read that letter, papa, and tell me who the woman is w-ho has the pre sumption. to -write to you without my knowledge? Now- w-here are y-ou going?” For Sir John had risen hastily-, his let ters in his hand.-' : “To my study, Kathie. Finish your breakfast, darling, and don't mind me" He stooped down suddenly, and kissed! her with almost passionate tenderness. J “My darling- ! my darling ! " he said. “ Heaven bless and keep you always, whatever happens — whatever • hap •• He repeated the last words with a sort of anguish in his voice, then turned and walked out of the breakfast room before his very much amazed daughter could speak. “■Well !” exclaimed Miss Dangerfield j at last, “this does cap the universe, doesn’t it?” This question, being ad dressed to vacancy, received no reply. "There’s a mystery here, and I don't like mysteries out of sensation novels. I have'1 no s&crets; from papa—what business has papa to have secrets from She arose with ah injured air. gave the bell a vicious pull, and walked in offended, dignity back to her room. The broad, black, slippery, oaken staircase went lip in majestic sweeps to the re gions above. Miss Dangerfield ascended it- slowly^, and with a face of perplexed thought.'/ • , «ft-Hva»',riev.ey :in: attack—don’t tell wits that; ragty, vicious, spidery voriitten'i ftlttle liefer i Now. what wbm'aff’Vi’ote "thsK letter, and what business had she to tt-rite it? I shall in sist sUpdfl pap* giving me a full expla nation, at.dinner tinie. ■ No woman in Pai-js/or any other wicked city shall badger my. precious old.soldier into ah earli' grave. And meantime I shall have a gallOp on Ilderim over tlie golden Sussex; downs.” ■ She entered her room singing the song the handsome tenor had sung at the concert’the night before, the melody of whose silver voice, the dusky fire of whose eyes..the dark foreign beauty of whose face..; had haunted her romantic seveniteen-year-old mind ever since. “Rispondia a chi t’ implora: Rispondia a cara a me!” ■’How handsome he was—how hand some—l’.ow handsome! If ever I .marry, it shall be a man—a demi-god like that. Peter Dangerfield, indeed! Nasty little bore! Still, I would rather have him in love with me than have no one at all. •I wonder if it is I myself he loves, or Scarswood Park, and the heiress of eight thousand a year. Ninon, my green riding’ habit, , and tell them to fetch Ilderim round. And, oh. ’ Nin&n;, my child, tell that tiresome ’groom I don’t want him perambulating behind me, like an apo plectic shadow. Ilderim and I can take care of ourselves.” “But. mademoiselle. Seer John’s or ders-” "Ninon Duclos, will you do as I,order you? I won’t’ have the groom—there! I’m always shocking the resident gentry of this neighborhood, and I mean to go on shocking them. I feel as if I had a spy at my heels while that beef-eating groom is there. Help me on with my habit, and say no more about it.” Little Ninon knew a good deal better than to dispute Miss Dangerfield’s mood when Miss ’- Dangerfield spoke in that tone. Miss Dangerfield had boxed her ears before now, and was very capable of doing it again. Perhaps, on the whole, smart little Ninon rather liked having her ears impetuously slapped by’ her impulsive young mistress, and the tingling cured, as it invariably was, by. the present of Miss Katherine's second, best silk dress half an hour after. Looking very bright and dashing, if; not in the least pretty, the heiress of Scarswood Park: ran lightly down the slippery' stairs, out of the vast vaulted hall.- where statues gleamed and suits of mail- worn‘by de^d-and-gone Danger fields oenturies. before, flashed back the sunshine. Her, darlc-green riding habit fitted her-.‘as Katherine herself- said, "as though ..she had R)een born in it.’} the waving- brightness of her brown hair was twined in thick plaits round her’ graceful head, and her lkt, with its scarlet bird’s wing, perched ever so little on one side, set off the - piquant face beneath—a thoroughly English face, despite the golden hue of a tropic sun. "I beg your pgi-ding, miss,” Roberts the butler said,.stepping forward. He was "a dignified, elderly, clerical-looking personage, like an archbishop in silk stockings and knee breeches; “but if you will .hexcuse the remark, miss, I thinks as ’ow’ we’re going to ’ave a storm. There’s that closeness in the hair. miss., and that happearance in the hatmosphere, that always precedes a thunderstorm. If I might make so bold, miss, I should hadvise you not to stay hout more than;an hour, at the furthest.” “Good gracious, Roberts, what non sense! There’s not a cloud in the sky. Oh. well, that’s one! Why, it’s no bigger than my hand. . I’m going to Castleford, and I don’t believe in your thunder storms.” ‘ “ ’ ...< I “You'll catch, it. though, for all that, my young lady,” soliloquised Mr Roberts looking after the slight girlish figure as it dashed out of sight down the elm ave nue, mounted on a spirited black horse. “Great storms 'ave come from clouds no bigger than a man’s ' and before now. But you're, a young persing who won’t be hadvised, and you’ll come to grief one of these’days through ’aving too much of your own way. as sure as my name’s Roberts.” And then Mr Roberts philosophically went back to the “Castleford Chro nicle,” and never dreamed that he had uttered a prophecy, Miss Dangerfield dashed away over the breezy Sussex downs—gold-green in the September-sunshine. But the bril liance of that sunlight grew -dim and dimmer witli every passing moment,and looking up presently she saw that her “cloud no bigger than-a man’s hand” had spread, and darkened, and was fast glooming over the whole sky. Old Ro berts had been right, then, after all; and unless she stayed at Castleford or turned back at once, she was in for a drenching. “I won’t turn back, and won’t stop at Castleford,’'’-'the baronet's daughter said, setting her white teeth. “I’ll get my books and I’ll go home, and Ilderim and I shall Outstrip the lightning, after all.” , She dashed into the town. Castleford was a military; depot, and knots of red coated officers; grouped here and there, lowered .their, Crests and gazed after her with admiring, eyes. as she flew by. “Plucky gii;l, that,” said .Captain Vere de -Vere to'riiriS friend, Captain Howard. “Gad! how:squarely; she aits her saddle. And' wha’t”a /altzer. she ,is—as graceful as a Pa-risirinrieballef fna, and as springy. Comfortable thing . there * waiting for some" luckyrcbeggar—clear eight thou sand a y.eajr.-; ,.Nofc a handsome girl. I admit; bu'trwhat would you ? Doosidly clever, too,'-'and that’s a drawback. I hate your -clover- women—put a fellow out of countenance, ;by Jove! Shouldn’t know anything, women shouldn’t, be yond the throe1 greit feminine arts— .dancing,'dressing,., arid looking pretty.” With which terse summary of women’s ■duties, the honorable Plantagenet Vere de Vere lighted'his huge Manilla, and sauntered away-. ■ “She seemed uncom monly sweet on that foreigner, that Creole fellow—what’s his name?—at the concert.last pight,” he' thought. “It's always fellows - like that, with tenor Voices and long eyelashes, that draw the matrimonial prizes. Heard her fell Edith last night all-the-officers at Castle ford had ginger hair, and knew no more :how to-waltz- than so many lively young ■ elephants.”- -. Miss Dang,erfield's errand was to a 'Castleford bookseller’s, and her order was for all the newest novels. She came opt. .presently, followed by the obse quious shopman./carrying her parcel and bowing his thariks. The storm was very near-now. rThe whole -sky was dark— there was,that oppressive heat and still ness in the air -that usually precede a thunderstorm. . “Coming!” Miss Dangerfield thought, vaulting into, the saddle. “Now, then, Ilderi’m, my beauty, my darling, outstrip j the storm, if ■you can!” She was off like the wind, arid ’in a few minutes the town lay far behind her. ' But fate had decreed to take sides with Roberts. u - • On the.bare downs; treeless and house j-less, the lightning leaped Jike a two edged sword. There came the. booming crash of thunder,'then a deluge of rain, fand the midday, summer tempest was ! upon her in its might: The swift, sud- I den blaze of the lightning in his eyes j startled the nervous system of Ilderim He tossed his little black Arabian head in the air -with a snort of terror, made a bound forward, and fled over the grasey plains w-ith the speed of an- express “A runaway, by Jove!” A man darted foi-wai'd: with the "co upon his lips, and made the agile spring of a wild cat at Ilderim's bridle rein. moment’s struggle, and then the spi rited Arab stood still under the grasp of an iron, hand, quivering in every limb, and his mistress, looking down from her saddle, met full two of the most beauti ful eyes into which it had ever been her good fortune to look. It was Jir Gaston Dantree. the band some silver-voiced tenor of last night’s concert, and a flash of glad surprise lighted up her face. “Mr Dantree,” she cried,-“‘you! and in this tempest, and at ,' so opportune a moment. How shall I. thank you for save—for rendering me suc'ii.yery timely assistance ?” % “For saving my life,” she . had been going to say,- but that would have been coming it a little too’strorisp3er.life had. not been in the smallest! danger—she-', was a thorough, horsewoman;'ahd could haye managed, a miich. wilder animal thaln Ilderinh •' Bui Jhe knight ^tb. the. rescue was Mr Dantree. arid-Jast night Miss Dangerfield hiid looked ftSi”tlie first time intO'those wondrous eyes of golden brown light, and fallen, straight ip love with their owner. ‘ ’. He was very handsome; 'perfectly,' faultlessly handsome, with An olive com plexion, a low forehead, a chiselled nose, a thick black moustache, and two dark, almond eyes, of “liquid light.” ' Not: tail, nor stout, nor very manlyllookihg. perhaps, in any way; men were rather given to sneer at Mr Gaston Daniree’s somewhat effeminate beauty. But they never sneered long. There was that in Mr Dantree’s black eyes, in Mr Dantree's musical voice, in Mr Dantree’s trained' muscles, that would have rendered a serious difficulty a little unpleasant. He took off. his hat now. despite the pouring rain, and stood before the heiress of Scarswood. loking like the; Apollo him self in a shabby shooting jacket. "You do .me too much honor. Miss. Dangerfield; I don’t really think your life was in any danger; still it’s pleasant to know I was the one to stop your black • steed, ail the same. Rather a coinci dence, by-the-bye. that I should meet you here just at present, as, taking ad vantage of last night’s kind invitation, I was about to present myself at Scars “And Scarswood is very well worth seeing. I assure you. As it is hot more than a quarter of a mile to the gates, suppose you resume your hat and your journey ?” “But, Miss Dangerfield. you will get your death at this pace- in this down “Oh, no. I’ll not!” Katherine answered, coolly. “The rain will never fall that will give me my death! You don't know how strong I am. Come. Mr Dantree, let me see if you can walk as fast as Ilderim.” She looked down at him with that bril liant smile that lighted her dark face into something brighter than beauty. “Come, Mr DantregJ’ she repeated, “let me be cicerone for ^Tice, and show you the splendors of Scarswood. It is the show place of the neighborhood, you know, built by a Dangerfield, I am afraid to say how many centuries ago. We came over with William, the what’sffiis name,- you know; or perhaps William found us here when he arrived; I’m not positive which. We’re a dreadfully1 old family, indeed, and I’m the last daughter of the race;.and I wouldn’t be anybody but Katherine Dangerfield 'of Scarswood' Park for the world!” . - ■ v *'• She dashed under the huge mas.anry'a!3 she spoke, half laughing, wholly in ear nest. She was proud of the old blood'1 that flowed so spiritedly in ,tier veins, Of this noble mansion, of tfie ^princely.in heritance which was'.her lurth-right.-... “Welcome to Scarswood, Mi- Bantree,” she said, as he passed by her side'under the Norman arch. 1 ’ He raised his hat. j: “Thank you. Miss Dangerfield.” he' said, gravely: and so, still-by her side’, walked up the dripping elm avenue and into the house. . His fatal beauty—fatal, though he was but seven-and-twenty, to many women— had done its work once more. Her own hand; had. brought him there, her own voice had spoken her sentence. Gaston Dantree stood under the roof of Scars wood Hall, and until her dying hour, this day would stand out distinct from all other days in Katherine Danger field's life. Sir John sat in his library alone, the letter from Paris still crushed in his hand as though it had been a serpent. It seemed a very harmless serpent at first sight: it only contained these lines, written in an elegant, flowing Italian chirography: Paris,. September 23. My Dear Sir John Dangerfield,—How delightedly my pen writes the title! A baronet! Who would have thought it? And Scarswood Park is yours, and your income is clear eight thousand a year. Who could have hoped it? And you're back in England, and la petite—the lit tle Katherine. Darling little Katherine!, So full of spirit and self-will, as she was when I saw her last, and that is fifteen years ago. Ah, mon dieu! fifteen weary, weary, weary years. My dear baronet,-I am coming to see you. I know you will be enchanted. ■ On the 3rd of October you will send your carriage to Castle ford station to meet the twenty minutes past seven London- express and me.' And your servant will ask for Mrs Va vasor. I adapt my names as I do my conversation to my company, and among the aristocratic county families of Sussex let me he aristocratic too. Adieu, my hai-onet, for the present, and allow me to subscribe myself by the old cognomen of ' ’ HARRIET HARMAN. .. P.S.—Tell my-pet, Katherine, I am coming. Kiss the darling child for me. He had sat for hours as he sat now, that letter crushed in his hand,, a grey ish pallor on his face,. his,-eyes-locking blankly out at the drifting' rain; a.^ the tossing wind-blown 'trees.'” The light ning thunder broke forth ovhr- the ’roof, the summer rain beat on the glass. Ha neither saw. nor heard; h£:,-sat: like _a man stunned by 'a .great, and,;§udden. \- “And I thought her dead,” he mur mured. “I hoped she was dead. I thought, after fifteen years' silence, i was safe; and now—oh, God, will the wicked wish never be granted?” . He sat there as he had sat since he left the breakfast table, when tlie door was'flung open and Katherine, dripping like a mermaid, stood before him; “May. I come in, papa, or have you fallen asleep? Do you know it is two o’clock, and past luncheon time, and that I have brought home a guest? It’s Mr Dantree, papa. - You remember him, you know; and- he wants to see the house and I want-you to be civil to him.' He’s in the . blue .drawingroom; and while I’m changing my,, habit, I wish you would go and entertain him. Papa!" (She broke off suddenly, catching sight of his altered face.) “ What is the matter? You look like your own ghost.” , He rose up stiffly, as if his limbs were cramped, crushing the letter more tight ly still in his hand. He turned away from the window, so that his face was hidden from her, as he answered: “I am a little cold. Who did you say was .waiting, Katherine? Oh, yes, the singing man, Gaston Dantree. By-the bye, Kathie, tell Harrison <to prepare one of the front chambers for a—a lady—an old friend of mine—who is coming to visit us. She w ill be here on the even ing of the 3rd of October next, and her name is Mrs Vavasor.” f . • (To be continued.) with the- whole three industries. The vintage was the most unique and interest ing of any industry, and the colonial wine trade was capable of great expansion, In the Rutherglen district there were 10,000 acres under vines, which last year yielded 1,400,000 gallons of wine, or nearly one-half of the total production of this article in Victoria. This fact alone entitled it to the establishment of the Viticultural College. Students would there receive everything necessary in the proper raising of the vine and the treatment of wine. The success of the vinegrowing industry was to a great extent due to such pioneers as Messrs fir. F. Morris, Hans Irvine, G. S. Smith, A. Canghey, Kavanagh, Graham, Blayney, Hardy and others, who had done a great deal to bring our wine3 into prominence in this and the mother country. The medicinal qualities of Victorian wines, as stated by Mr Geo. Graham on his recent visit to England, were gaining for them great favor. From £800,000 to £1,000,000 worth of pro duce had been produoed in this district during the past twelve months, and of this amount £84,000 had been con tributed by farmers engaged in the butter industry within a radius of twenty miles of Rutherglen. They were the best endowed of any district in the colony, as in addition to the favorable soil and climate they had no less than 24 mines in active work. Mr G. Graham, in responding on behalf of the viticultural industry, said the vignerons of this district were at pre ^ sent-in a dilemma, as Providence had “provided them with on abundant vintage and no vessels to put the wine in, and with the present glutted market they were at a loss to kn«w whether it would be mo«t advisable to empty the wine imo ihe road or purchase the necessary casks. One of his neighbors had conceived the idea of putting his surplus wine into | kerosene tins, but he did n»t know how j ihe experiment wonld result. (Laughter.) The abundant vintage afforded an op portunity of asking the question—How are we to dispose of our wines? The English trade was increasing, but not fast enough to keep pace with the pro duction. The Government should come to the assistance- of the vignerons by helping them to provide a market for their produce. Mr Taverner had rightly said that he intended to make a proposition to Premier Turner on his return to the colony that a depot be established in Lon don on the same lines as that of South Australia. That was very good as far as it went, but the South Australian dep6t was meeting with strenuous opposi tion by, Messrs Burgoyne and Co. nud Powuell and Co. £Mr Taverner : Why should they have a monopoly 7] It was true that these firms should not have a monopoly, but up to the present much had been done by them to extend the ex port trade and they were the best cus tomers the vignerons had, and he did not think it would be advisable to clash with them. He considered that a good plan would be to—in conjunction with the South Australian Government—expend a sum of, say, £2000 a year in advertising Australian wines on the principal railway stations and thoroughfares ot the old country. In making this suggestion he was only expressing the views of the Rutherglen Vinegrowers’ Association, who had several months ago submitted this proposal to the Minister of Agriculture. Wine was an article that required adver tising. If this was done the benefit accruing would not go into the pockets of few exporters, in the same manner as the export b<^us did. In a few 'years tl/e Tig'UUlOh's* tftnnii be sorely pressed for a market for their wine. In conclusion, he thanked the Minister, on behalf of the vignerons of the Rutherglen district, for the splendid college he had provided for them, as before Mr Taverner took office they had obtained many promises, but few or no fulfilments. Mr Alex. Caughey also responded to the toast. He said that, as Chairman of the Board of Viticulture, it was his duty, after seven years of office, to add his thanks to the Minister for the erection of the college, but a3 Mr Graham had dealt with matters so concisely, little further was left to be said. The suggestion of ■ the establishment of a ViticnUural College at Rutherglen emanated from the Board of Viticulture, who considered that, as Ru-herglen produced one-half of the wine of the colony, it was entitled to it. The then Minister of Agriculture was in’er viewed by member- of the Board, and he gave rnaoy promises, but from that day to this the Board had repeatedly urged the erection of the college, and Mr Taverner, recognising the justice of their claim had gone so far to erect the building and Cellars, If the wish of the board had been put into offect—namely, that 80 acres be at once planted with_yioes, and a further area of 20 acres be added every year— the college wonld at the present time not only be a self-supporting institution, but returning a profit. Mr Alex. Prentice responded for the Agricultural interests, He said that as c one of the oldest industries of the colony, it had suffered daring the past years j owing to low prices of cereals, but recently things had improved. j Mr John Cock (mining) also responded. „ The present gathering, he said reminded ) him of a similar one about eight or nine years ago in the same building, when he ■ ventured the opinion that this district would be one of the most important-in the colony. At that time many thought that he was talking bumkum, but it was highly pleasing to all, as well as to him e*lf, that such was proving an accomp lished fact. During the past few years mining had progressed to a .considerable extent. At the time to which he referred there were floated in the district companies having a subscribed capital of £50,000, but now there a considerably greater number with a subscribed' capital of £510,000. Some of the district mines were turning out well, one of them last week producing the largest yield of any al luvial mine in the colony of Victoria. He did not know whether the Governor’s visit was responsible for this, but if so be hoped His Excellency would visit the district frequently. There were, however, only on the eve of the success of the district, as they were not getting gold from the main trunk lead, but merely from its tributaries. ~Not an ounce of gold had up to the present been taken from the main lead. The Minister of, Agriculture had done his utmost to bring the, industries under his control to the fore, but as regards miners, they should not go -to the Government for financial aid, as,’ if only allowed bv the Minister'free access to the land they would have no need to ask for a penny. They had ssen with energy, enterprise and money quite eapable of developing the mineral resources of the eolony. They had their drawbacks, as the mining industry at times suffered ■ from depression as well as other industries Mining could not be acquired unless an apprenticeship was served, as it required men made for the work and the work made for them. In this district skilled miners were scarce, and it was necessary to employ men whoweie not adapted for the positions to which they were allotted, and this indeed was a drawback. - What, was required was for people to believe that mining was not a disgrace. Miners were in the unique position of knowing the price of the article they' produce, which in vinegrowing and other pursuits was far from being the case. Mr C. O’Grady proposed the toast of “ The Visitors," coupled with the name of Mr Lupton, Mayor of Prahran. Mr Lupton, in responding, said he was deeply interested in the mines of the dis trict, particularly the Great Southern, at which mine ha considered a pumping shaft should be put down, as while pump ing had bean carried on unceasingly for months past no perceptible decrease in the water had taken place. He considered a pumping shaft would eventually be found necessary and it would prove more satisfac tory to the shareholders to have the work I done without delay. He understood that j the Hon. J. A. Wallace was of the same opinion as himself. j Messrs Martin (secretary tor Agricui I tore) and Robertson (clerk of Parliament) also responded. The toasts ef “ The Chairman,” pro posed by Mr Taverner, and that of “The Press,” proposed by Mr R. J. Burrowes, having been honored and suitably acknow ledged, a most enjoyable gathering ter minated with the singing of “ God Save the Queen." The Picnic. After Tie reception at the station the children considered that they were fairly entitled to a share of the good things that were 'going on, so they were marched to >h-> Park, where Captain Thomas mar s'.ailed them all to the number of 1,000, or more, and set them to work to de molish th* good things provided by Mr Rees, and then to play. All the sports so dear to childhood were indulged in— lacing, skipping, h'op-racing, and etery thing that could be devised to amuse or iDStrnct was sairied on, and although everyone could not win a piiv.e, those wb.> did evinced sufficient satisfaction to counteract the disappointment of those who lost. The children, whose every want was attended to during the afternoon by the several teachers, a few members of the local Board of Advice, and several of the parents, hailed from all tho schools in the district, and they, at least, will long cherish the memory of the visit of Lord and Lady Brassey to our town and dis trict. The Hall. Barely time was given the guests at the banquet to leave the hall, when prepara tions for a transformation icene were in full swing, and in double quick time brooms were being applied to the floor to get ready for the ball. When the hall had been cleared of all unnecessary articles, and the lights turned up, the room looked quite charming, the blending of the Governor’s colors-brown and gold-being very artistically done, reflecting great credit en the decorators, Messrs Patter son, Levin, and others, the large hand some mirror at the end of the room setting it off well, while the draping of the cut wood scene, in front of the alcove, where Stevenson’s premier band were positioned, looked very pretty. The band discoursed excellent music throughout the evening. A. picture, representing the pioneers and townsmen, was hung at the front entrance The catering was in the hands of Mr. Vine, supper being ^laid in a temporary annexe at the side of the hall. When the band struck up for the first quadrille, the thirty couples or more who graced the floor made an imposing sight, the tasteful costumes of the ladies adding greatly to the attractiveness of the scene. Mr S. Levin officiated as Master of Ceremonies in a courteous and obliging manner. The following is a description of several of the costumes :— Mr* D. Hamilton—Black brocads costume, chiffon trimming. Mrs Buckley—Black silk costume, with pink chiffon. Mrs J. R. Harris—Whita broche costume, with cream poppies. I Mrs Willey—Ruby satin costume, with ace trimmings. M'S Dienen—Black merveilbux cos tume, white chiffon. Mrs Gow—Mignonette costume, chiffon ami jet. Mrs BaylisB—Black chiffou and jet bodice, black moire skirt. Mrs Wilson—Black co-tume. Mr* H. Browne—Pale blue costume, Itengaline lace, with pink roses. Mrs Gollinga—Cream silk costume. Mrs Wyatt—Cream merveilleux cos tume. ' Mrs Oleorn—Black silk costume. Mrs Whit aker—Jet bodice, black and white skirt. Miss Spears—Buttercup costume, ben galine, wuh shower bouquet. ' Miss Wyatt—Blue figured merveilleux costume. •• Miss F. Wyatt—White satin costume, jewel chiffon. j Miss Waterbary—Spangled net over j pink silk costume. L Miss Fortune—Cream costume, cream satin and lace. Miss Prentice—White satin costume, with lilies of the .valley. Miss Minnie Oleorn—White silk cos tume, with chiffon trimmings. ; Miss B. Graham—Cream lace costume, with pink sash. '"V. Miss G. Darby—White satin and tulle ecstume, with shower bouquet and few carnations. Miss Logan—Buttercup costume. Miss Moran—Cream silk costume, with passementerie trimming. Miss Everitt—Maize brocade costume, with panel of red roses. Miss F. Rivers-r-Pink costume. Miss' Benstead—Cream costume. Miss Scott—Cheau de chene costume, with Honiton lace. Miss Graham—Blue silk crepon cos tume. Miss Bowser—Pink coBtume, with chiffon trimmings.' Miss J. Cullen—White costume. Miss Kilbom—Buttercup costume. Incidents or the Recepvion. Tbs triumphal arch erected at the rail way gates had a narrow escape from collapse shortly before the arrival of the vice-regal train. . A driver got the wheel of his cart foul of the uprights, and then endeavored to carry the erection with him, but his attempt was frustrated, and he went away disconsolate. The ordinary train from Melbourne was, as usual, late, and the delay was intensified by a truck getting off the line at the points leading to the goode-ahed.. This necessitated the carriages being shuntec by hand, and the truck was replaced aflei considerable trouble, the train leaving fo l Wabgunjah about an boor late, A mild sensation was caused at the college, just as the vice-regal party vrera preparing to start, by the horse attached to the buggy of. Mr. C. H. Morris sud denly making a start for home unattended. Reaohing the gate of the college grounds, . the animal found it closed against him, so . stopped. On the road back from the college the trap conveying Mr T. Reeve and Mr N. Fortune, senr., caqje to grief, through the shaft breaking, but the party eventually reached home none the worse. The bouquet presented to Lady Brassey i by Master Norman Hamilton, on behalf of the ladies of the district, was made up at (Jheeseman’s establishment, the florists of Collins-street, Melbourne, as were also those used at the ball in the evening. The visitors who airived by the vice regal train included His Excellency and Lady Brassey, Lord Richard Neville, Mr J. Taverner (Minister of Agriculture), the Hons. J. A. Wallace, A. O. Saclise, and F. Brown, M.L.C’s., Messrs Bowser and Anderson, M.L.A’s., Mr Robinson (Clerk of the Assembly), Major Watson, Messrs Blayney, Williams, Do Castella, and M. Kavanagh (members of the Yiticultural Board), Dr L. L. Smith, Mr Lupton (Mayor of Prahran), and Mrs Sachse. The vice-regal party will leave for Mel bourne tbis morning, the train being timed to start on the return journey at 10.5 o’clock. On the tour of inspection yesterday, Lady Brassey rode Mr C. H. Morris’ Fairfigiu, and proved by. her evident comfort in the saddle her thorough1-ap preciation of a good horse. Her Ladyship was attended by Lord Richard Neville and Mr C. H. Morris. The weather during the whole of the gala functions was truly Australian. On Wednesday the sun poured down his fierce rays, whilst the dust fiend was very much in evidence. Yesterday the heat was tempered with a nice breeze which made driving far more enjoyablo although the “ Doctor” plaintively inverghed against the dust. It is much to be regretted that the time allotted for such fuctions as we ■ have been celebrating during the past i two days is so limited, as fair justice i cannot be done to our district in such a tear-away style as is neoessary in two i days. This was exemplified at the 1 Great Bouthern No. 1 yesterday when 1 Mr. Cock wished to show His Excel- I lency a sample of gold, but time would 1 not allow. 