Our cable announcement on Thursday that the • long ' arm of the' law had encircled the Glenbrook murderer was perused with widespread interest .and satisfaction.. Usually the guilt of a man under criminal ! indictment is not assumed ; but' there are exceptions to the rule, and tlic > evidence against Butler being convincing and complete, it would be absurd to respect a legal fiction in his case. We are not prejudging him unfairly in saying that lid is, already xjonvfeted by the'.public opinion of Australia. .'-The personal effects of his victims have Jjeen found in Ids possession, and he ha$ made no answer to the charge against'him worth & moment's serious consideration. Certainly lie showed coolness and even bravado whien; caiight; but this Seenis to be ihfe normal mood of all great criminals. Defeming displayed the isame superficial indifference ; and even the young Melbourne assassin' when confronted ih'e other day with his handiwork maintained a presence of mind and an immobility of feature calculated to mislead the inexperienced. It may be taken for granted (wc ; think) that the monster witli brain to conceive and nerve to . commit" a deliberate murder possesses sufficient /impassivity to cdrr him through any subsequent ordinal. A proof of the abnormal insensibility of Ihe murderer is his ability to eat and sleep as if no charge hung over his head A man of ordinary feeling, who had sent a fellow-creature unprepared beiore bij? Creator would be haunted day as well as night by the enormity of his crime. The ghost of his victim, clothed in bloody cerements, would linger l>eforc bis affrighted eyes as a spectre not to be laid during his own stay on earth Eugene Aram found it so, and the story of Eugene Aram is not altogether a romance. Even inuocent men have found the accusation of murder so msnpportsvble as to visibly affect their health. The cold-blooded murderer is the only type of criminal who appears to - put on flesh between the day of hi< capture and the hour when art outrag community terminates his diabolical existence. It may be argued from the foregoing that it is only the abnormal individual who commits a deliberate murder. Further, that an abnormal individual is one more or less irresponsible for his actions : and that the premeditated murderer being abnormal, is virtually a lunatic. Now, lunatics who become assassins -ire not brought to the gallows ; therefore the murderer should be adjudged not death but only life long imprisonment. This is the position to which the argument undoubtedly leads. The answer is that society has not time to make the nice discrimination required by those who would disestablish the gallows. Medical jurisprudence is still unable to dstermine whether a murderer was or was not at the time able to resist tbe impulse to slay. The law infers—and we think rightly—that the man sane enough to deliberately plpt a murder lias sufficient sense to be aware of the enormity of his crime and of its, terrible consequences. Society can only apply a rough and ready test in each case of killing, and this test is in the answer to the question, Did the prisoner act on momentary impulse or with premeditation ? There can be very little doubt ftbout the answer in the case of Eml^i-. All tlie evidence points, to the conclusion ihat he, deliberately lured his victims, to. their doom and' murdered thein in. cold bjoodior the sake of tlie little rmoney "and 'valuables' they possessed. The. monster's wickedness is not without parallel even in New South Wales.; for a quarter of a century ago similar atrocities were committed by a , pair of savages along th^ shpres of the Parra- (matta river. Butler's crimes have been likened to those, of Deeming; and opinion will be divided as to which was the greater criminal. Deeming Svas. a sexual n'lpnster, who sacrificed hi'sVwives and children so that he might gratify unhampered his. promiscuous lusts.. They y«re a drag on him^ and he butchered them remorselessly. It was the foresight^ the elaborate care and attention to: detail which this unexampled ruffian brought to his niurderbus work that shocked and appalled tlie world and reh'dered his career inique in criminal history.-' On the other hand, Butler acted from the far |.ettier object of greed. True, lie did not slay his ovrn kith and kin. With the men whose lives he sacrificed he had no bond save that of comradeship and ordinary 'humanity. Still his crimes are almost equally, 'atrocious, revolting ttbd. 'cruel." W hsijteVer ! contrast 'feists' betVreen tlie' ^-iaferderers, we feel sure the law wlll'iriafce no distinction betweenihem. -Butler /will tread tlie fallows as''Deeming has done, and the world will be relieved of pother of the greatest criminals of our: century. . : 