fiction. THE MOON STRICKEN. It is nn old talo with me how, in a little village off tho great Charaonix- road, 1 became acquainted with Madame Barbiere nnd her idiot son — an old talc, and with a fantastic sequel. I wonder will anyono give credit to it and nn earnest hearing ? Tho little record has for long years mouldered in my desk ; nnd of late it has grown up in my mind that may bo 1 am spared— as onco I never tbougnt to ho— that I may cite my strange experiences as a certain menace dictated from that " un known bourno " it wnsonce my fate to a liyife' overstep. ' And if this revelation oL.Srtofig withheld I secret is to provo mpiefifh warrant? Better ho than tbo ILy,1 consciousness that lam writ doaninspTrcd madman. L.-£Vrtfireforo I tako up tho title abruptly at a certain point in tho old faded manuscript. Tho soul of Cnraitle Barbiere tho idiot hud warped long after its earthly tabernacle had grown firm and fair to look upon. Cause aud eileot were not ono from birth in him; 'and the result was a most wistful expression, as though tbo tost intellect wcro for ever struggling nud failing to recall its ancient mastery. Mostly he was a gcntloyoung man, with ono simDto instinct of duty — to drivo the goats to pasture on tho mountain slopes ; where nit day long he would sit among the rhododendrons, the forgotten soul behind his eyes conning the dead language of fato, as a foreigner vainly Interrogates tho abstruse complexity of au idiom. By and byo I made it an irregular habit to aocompany him on these shephcrdings— inas much as ho awakened an interest in me that was full of spcoulation. For his was not an imbecility cither hereditary or constitutional. From tho first there had appeared to mo something abnormal in it— a suspension of intolligenco only a frost-bite in the braiu that prasently somo April breath of memory might thaw out. This was not merely con jectural, of course. I had tho story of his mental collapse from bis brother in tho early days of my 6ojourn in Bnl-Oiscau, for it came to pass that a fitful instinct Induced mo to prolong my stay in tho smart littlo villago far into the gracious Swiss summer. Tho " story " I have oallcd it ; but it was none. He was out on tho hills one moon light night, some eight years before my knowlcdgo of him, and camo home early in the morning mad. That was all. They had thought him possessed of a devil, and had sought to cxorciso it ; but the devil remained aud rent bim with poriodio con vulsions of insanity. It was noticed that bis derangement waxed nnd waned with the monthly moon ; that it assumed a viruleut character with tbo passing of the second quarter, and culminated in a species of delirium, during which it was necessary to carefully watch bim ; that it diminished with tho lessening crescent until it fell away into a quiet abeyance of faculties that was but a step apart from the normal Intelligence of bis kind. Whon ho was 20 his father died, and Camilla and his mother had to make out existence in oompany. how tbo veil, in my first knowledge of him, was ucvcr rent ; yet occasionally it seemed to mo to gnpo in a manner thut let a little momentary finger of light through, in the iiashing of whloh a soul kindled and shut in his eyes, liko a spark in ashes. " He was not always thus?" I would say to Madame Barbiere. "But no, Monsieur, truly. This place— bah I wo aro hero imbeciles all to the great world, without doubt; but, Camille! he was by nature of thoso who make the history of cities— a rose in tho wilderness. Monsieur smiles?" " By no means. A scholar, Madame ?" . " A scholar of nature, Monsieur ; lulreamcr of dreams such as thoy become who walk muoh with tho spirits ou tho lonely moun tains." "Torrents and avalanches and tbo good mntorial forces of nature, Madnmo means." "Ah! Monsieur may talk, but ho knows. Ho has heard tho fohn sweep dowu from the hills and spin tho great 6toncs off the houso roofs. And ono may look and see nothing, vet the stones go. It is tho wind thnt runs before tho avalancho that snaps the pine trees ; nnd the wind is tho spirit that calls down tho snow slip3." " But how may Madame, who sees nothing, know thon a spirit to be abroad ?" " My faith ; ono may know one's foot is on tho wild mint not without shifting one's sole to look." " Madnmo will pardon mo. No doubt also ono may know a spirit by the smell of sul phur?" " Monsiour is a eccptio. It comes with tho knowlcdgo of cities. Thcro aro cvon suoh in littlo Bel-Oiecau, since the evil timo when they took to ongrossing tho contracts of good oitlzcnB on tho skins of the poor iow-heards that glvo us flesh and milk. It is horriblo as tho Tannery of Mondon. In my young days. Monsieur, such agreements were inscribed upon wood." "Quito so, Madame. But, for his fall— it was alwavs unaccountabla ?" " Monsieur, as ono trips on tho edgo of a orovasse and disappears. His eoul dropped into tho frozca cleft that ono oannot fathom." " Mndamo will forgive my curiosity — " " But surely. Thoro was no dark secret iu my Camilio's lifo. Moreover, it is that I willingly recount this grief to tho wiso friond that may know & solution." At anothor timo Madame Barbiere said — " It was lu such a paroticd summer us this threatens to bo that my Camille caino homo in tho mists of tho morniug, possessed. He was often out on tho sweet hills all night— that was nothing. It had been a full moon, and tho whiteness of it was on his faco liko loprosy— but his bands were hot with fever. Ah, the dreadful summer) Tho milk turned sour in tho cow's udders nnd tho tufts of tho stono pines on tho mountains fell into ashes liko Dead Sen fruit. Tho springs were dried, aud tho great Cascado of Buct fell to half its volume." " This cascado ; I have never seen it. It is in tho neighborhood?" "Of a surety. Monsicr must have passed tho rooky ravine that vomits the torrent, on hiR way hither," " I remember, I will explore it. Camille shall bo my guide." " Never." " And why?" Madnmo shrugged her plump shoulders. " Who may say ? Tho ways of the afflicted aro not our ways. Only I know that Cniuillo will never drivo his flock to pasture near the lip of that dark valloy." " That is strango. Can tho place hnve as sociations for him connected with his mnlndy?" " It is possible. Only tho good God known." But I was to know Inter on, with a little reeling of tbo reason al6o. " Camillo, I want to -sco tho Cascade dc Buct." Tho hunted oyes of tho stricken looked into mine with a piercing glnnce of fear. " Monsieur must not," ho said in a low voice. " And why not ?" " Tho waters arc bad— bad— haunted." " I fear no ghosts. Wilt thon show mo tho way, Camilla?" " 1 1" The idiot fell upon the grass with a sort of gobbling cry. I thought it the prelude to a fit of some sort, and wa3 Flopping to wards him when he rose to his feet, waved mo off, and hurried away down the slope home wards. Hero was food for reflection which I mum bled in secret. A day or two afterwards I joined Camille at midday on the heights where he was pas turing his flocks. He had shifted his ground a little distance westwards, and 'I could not find him at once. At lost I spied him, his back to a rock, his hand dabbled for coolness In a little runnel that trickled at his Ride, lie looked up aud greeted me with a smile. He liau conceived nn aUccuon lor me, tnts poor lost soul. " It will go soon," he said, referring to the miniature streamlet, " It issnfe in tho woods ; hut to-morrow or next day tho .sun will lap it up ere it can reach tho shadow nbovo there. A farewell kiss to you, little stream." He bent and sipped a tnouthfuljof the clear water, no was in a mora reasonable state than ho had shown for long, though the summer solstice was at hand, find tho wenther sultry to a dcgrqaasTt had boon, I did not fail toewnfflriber, the year of his seizure. Camille," 1 said, "why to-day has thou shifted the ground a little ia tho direction of the Buet ravine?" He sat up at odcc with a curious eager look inbisfnee. "Monsieur has asked ft," ho said. "It was to impel Monsieur to ask it that I moved. Docs Monsieur seek n guide ?" "Wilt thou lend mo, Camille?" " Monsieur, Inst night I drenmed, and one came to me. Wa3 it my father? I know uot. But he put my forehead to his breast aud tlie evil left it, and I remembered it with out terror. ' Reveal thesecrct to tho stranger," he snid, 1 that he may share thy burden nnd comfor.t tbeu ; for he Is strong where thou art weak, and the vision shall not fenre him.' Monsieur, wilt thou como?" " Lead on. Camille, I follow." He called to the leader of bis flock, " Peti- jnan 1 stray not, my little one. I shall be back sooner than tho daises oloso." Then ho turned to mc again, I noticed a pallid, desperate look in his face, as though he were strung to great effort, but it was tho face of a mindless ono still. " Do you not fear ?" ho said in a whispor ; and tbo apple in bis throat seemed all choking coro, " I fear nothing," I answered with a smile ; yet the still sambranccs of tho woods found a little tremor in my breast. " It is good," he answered, regarding mc. " Tho nngel spoke truth. Follow, Monsieur." Ho went off through tho trees of a sudden, and I had much ado to keep pace with bim. no ran as one urged on by a sure 6ense of doom, looking neither to right nor left. Swiftly wo made our way, cvor slightly climb ing, along tho rugged hillside, and sooo broke into country 'very wild and dismal. The pastornl charaotor of tho scene lessened nod altogether disappeared. The trees grew matted and grotesquely snarled, huddling together in menacing battalions, save where somo plunging rock had burnt liko a shell, forcing n olearing nnd etrewing tho black moss with a jagged wreck of splinters. Here no flowers crept for warmth ; no sentinel marmot turned his little scut with a whistle of alnrm to vanish liko a red shadow. All was melancholy and silence, nnd tho massed deflanco of ever inpending ruin. Storm and avalanche, nnd the bitlor snap of frost, had wrought their havoc year by year, till an un crippled branch wits a rare distinction. The very sapplings of stunted growth boro tho uir of thieves reared in a rookery of crime. We strode with difficulty, fn an inhuman twilight, through this great dark quickset of nature, nnd had paused a moment where the throncina trunks thinned somewhat, when a Httlo mouthing moan came towardB us on tho crest of a ripple of wind. My com panion stopped on the inslnnt and clutched my nrm, his face twisting with panio. "The cascade, Monsieur!" he shook out in a terrified whisper. " Cournge, my friend ! It is that we come to Boek." " Ah ! My God, yes— it is that ! I daro not —I daro not !" Ho drew back, livid with fear, but I urged him ou. " Remember the dream, Camille !" I cried. " Yes, yes— it was good. Help me, Mon sieur, and I will try to loud you to it." I drew his nrm within mine, nnd together wo stumbled on. The uudergrowth grow denser nnd more fantastic ; the murmur filled out, increased, nnd resolved itself into a sound of filling water that ever took shape, and volume, aud depth, till its crash shook the ground at our feet. Tbeu iu a moment a white blaze of sky oamo at us through the trunks, nnd we bunt through the fringe of the wood to find ourselves facing the op posite side of a long cleft in the mountain and the blade's edge of a roaring cataract. It shot out over the iip of the fall 20 feet nbovo tis in a curve like a scimitar, passed in one sheet the spot where we stood, and dived into a sunless pool Kb feet below with a thunderous boom. What it may havo been in full phases of the stream I know not, yet even now it was sufficiently magnificent to give pause to a dying soul eager to shake off tho restless horror of tho world. The flat of its broad blade divided the black walls of a deep and savage ravine, on whose jagged shelves some starved baskets of rhododendron shook in the wind of the torrent. Far down the nnrrow gully we could sec the passion of water tossing champed with the ravening of its jaws, until it took a bend of the cliffs at a lenp and rushed from sight. We stood upon a littlo platform of coarse grass nnd bramble, whose fringe dipped and nodded fitfully as the sprlnklo caught it. Beyond, the sliding sheet of water looked like a great strap of steel reeled ceaselessly off a whirling drum pivoted between the hills. The midday sun shot liko a piston down the shaft of tho valley, painting purple spears and angles behind its abutting rocks, aud hitthig full upon the upner curvo of tho fall ; but half way down the cataract slipped into shadow. My brain sickened with tiic endless gliding and turmoil of dubcent, and 1 turned aside to speak to my companion. He was kneeling upon the grass, his oyes fixed nnd staring, his white lips mumbling somo crippled memory of u prayer. lie started and oowcrod down as I touched him on the shoulder. " I cannot go, Monsieur, I shall die." " What next, Camille ? I will go alone." " My God, Monsicr! Tho cave under the fall. It is there tho horror is." lie pointed to u littlo gap in the fringing bushes with shaking finger. I stole gingerly in the direction iio indicated. Witli every stop I took tho awful fascination of the de scending water increased upon me. It seemed hideous aud atuiormni to stand mid way against n pcrpemliculary rushing torrent. Above or below tho effect would have been different ; hut hero to look up was to feci one's; feet dranging towards the un.seeu : to look down and pass from vision of the lip of the fall, was to become tho waif oi it force that was unaccountable. I had a bnttlo with with my nerves nnd triumphed. As I approached the opening in the brambles I became conscious of a certain relief. At a little distance the cataract had seemed to actually wash in its descent the edge of the platform. Now I found it to bo distant further than 1 hnd imagined, tho ground dropping in a sharp slope to n sort of rocky buttress, which lay obliquely on the slant of the rnviuc, nnd was tho true margin of tho torrent. Before I essayed the descent I looked back at my companion. He was kneeling whero 1 had leit him. his hands pressed to his face, his features hidden ; but lookiug back once again, when I had with infinite caution accomplished the downward climb, 1 saw that he had crept to the edge of the slope, nnd was watching with wide terrified eyes. I waved my hand to him, nml turned me to the wonderful visiou of uater that now passed almost within reach of iny arm. I stood near the point where the whole glassy breadth glided nt once from sunlight into shadow. It fcllsitcntly, without a break, for only its feet far below trod the thunder. Now, as I peered about, I. noticed a little cleft in the rocky margin, a 'minute's climb nbovo me. I was attracted to this by an ap pearance of smoke or steam that incessantly linmerged from it. as though some witch's caldron wcro simmering alongside the fnll. Spray it might be, or the condensing of water splashed on the granite, but of this I might not bo sure. Therefore, I determined to Investigate, and straightway began climbing the recks, with my heart in my mouth, it rnnst t>c contested, for the foothold was un desirable and the way perilous. And nil the time I was conscious that the white face of Camille watched me from above. As I reached the cleft 1 fancied I heard a queer sort of gasping sob iwue from his lips, but to this L gmdd'givc no heed in the sudden winter that broke upon me. For, to I it op- fienrad that the cleft led straight to a narrow platform or ledge of rock right underneath the fall Itself, but extending how far I could not see, -by reason of the steam that filled tho passage, and forwhich I was unable to account. Noting it carefully nnd groping my way, I set step in the little water-curtained chamber nnd advanced a pace or two. Suddenly, light grew about me, and a beautiful roso of fire appeared on the wall of tho passage in tho midst of wbnt seemed a vitrified scoop in the rock. Marvelling, I put out my hand to touch it, and fell back on the nnrrow floor with a scream of nnguish. An inch further nnd these lines had not been written. As it wns the fall caught mc by the fingers with tho suck of a cattish, and it wns only a gigantic wench that saved mo from /slipping off tho ledgo. Tbo jerk brought iny head against the rock with a stunning blow, nnd for soma moments I lay dizzy and confused, dnring hardly to breathe, and conscious only of a burning and blister- ing agony in my ngnt nunu. At length I summoned courage to gather my limbs together and crawl out tho way I entered. The distance was but a few paces, yet the moment these took to traverse seemed an interminable nightmare of swaying and stumbling. 1 know only ono other occasion upon which the liberal atmosphere of tho open earth seemed sweeter to my senses when I reached it than it did on this. I tumbled somehow through tho oleft, nnd rat down shaking upon the grass of tho slope beyond ; bu', happening to throw myself backwards in the reeling famines induced by my fright nnd the pain of my head, my eyes encountered a sight that woke me at once to full activity. (To be continued.) 