Church Intelligence. The Most Rev. Baron Plunkett, Archbishop of , Dublin and Primate of Ireland, died on the 2nd instant, in his seventieth year. The work of raising a testimonial to tha Coad jutor Bishop of Maitland has been warmly taken up at Wallsend despite thefiuancial slackness. ' Ata ipeeting of tho Presbytery of Melbourne North on Tuesday an energetic protest waB entered against tho suggestion that a minister should be appointed to one of the churches at a less stipend than £200. . The New Zealand Wesleyan Conference, by a majority of 36 votes to 30, rejected a recommend a tion from the Otngo District Syncd thot home mis sionaries should be authorised to administer the Sacrament of tho Lord's Supper. Special religious services for the deepening and increase of spiritual lifo were commenced in the West Maitland Presbyterian Church on Sunday, when the Rev. J. Benvie occupied the pulpit to foir congregations. The services were continued dur ing the week, when other clergymen assisted. By last week's mail hi3 Eminence the Cardinal leceived the Papal Briefs dated 30th January last appointing the Very Rev. Patrick Vincent Dwyer, titular Bishop of Zoara and Coadjutor cum jure successionis to tho Bishop of Maitland. His Emi nence has graciously consented to act as consecra tor of the Bish'p-elect. The ceremony of. conse cration will take place in St. John's Cathedral, West Maitland, ou Pentecost Sunday, June 6th. The Rev. J. B. Penman, Primitive Mehodist, minister, who has been appointed to Burwood, Newcastle, was on Thursday night entertained at a farewell social nt Kempsey. There was a large attendance, many people coming from 20 or 30 miles. The Mayor presided, and an address, signed by the Mayor, the three Protestant clergy men, and several magistrates, and a purse of sovereigns were presented to the departing minister. Bishop Goe has issued circular letters to members of the Church of England in Victoria, drawing attention to the celebration of the Diamond Jubilee in the diocese next June, and asking that a Cburch. Jubilee Fund of £25,000 be raised, to be appro priated as follows : — £5000 to the income of th« Bishop of Melbourne Fund, for 1897-8, the balance to be divided equally between the super annuation fund, the extinction of parish debts, and the capital of the Bishop of Melbourne Fund. A fortnight ago, the Rev. T. R. Regg, rector of St. Paul's, West Maitland, announced to the con gregation that the Churchwardens' anticipated a deficiency of £6u on their accounts at Easter. To prevent, that it was proposed that they should raise that sum as a special offertory on Sunday the 4tli April. Since tho announcement, the rev gentleman has made moving appeals to the parish ioners to make up the amount. Ab an encourage ment be announced that he had already in hand £20 towards the amount. The result ofthe appeal was that the £20 was increased to £36 2a lOd, and that a parishioner at once promised to make up to £40, which leaves only a third of the amount to make up. The offertory on Sunday next it was announced wouldbe devoted tojthelsame object. According to tbe rule of the Wesleyan Church, ministers after a residence of three years in anyt circuit are obliged to remove to another. Tho effect of the rule, therefore, has been to send the Rev. Charles Jones of West Maitland to Wagga Wagga, and tbe minister there, the Rev. John Clifton, will come to Maitland to take up Mr. JoneBr work. On Monday night in the Wesleyan School room a large number of Mr. Jones' parishioners and a number of friends met at a farewell social, when addresses were given by a number of visiting clergymen and leading members of the church, who referred to Mr. Jones* work, and regretted that he was leaving them. On behalf of a few personal friends Mr. Jones was the recipient of a handsome gold albert. His daughter was presented with' a beautiful work basket last week by herlady friends. Mr. Jones left for Wagga Wagga on- Tuesday morning' Officers, apprentices, and seamen assembled in large numbers at the Bethel in Newcastle- oa Tuesday night, the occasion being a farewell to the vessels leaving port this week. Tha Rev. R. M. Bowle3, chaplain, occupied the chair, and gave an interesting addreES on the importance of the Mercantile Marine, the vast sums invested, and the vast numbers employed, showing how necessary and important was the work done by Seaman's Missions in various parts of thp world. ?Regarding the work of the Newcastle Seamen'a Mission during the past few years more had' been accomplished and more interest created on behalf of seamen than at any previous period in the his tory of Newcastle. The work in connection with, tbe Bethel had been moBt successful. The Tem perance Society, Floating Eudeavour Society, ser vices on board shipB and in the Bethel, socials, concerts, and other kind of entertainments, in addition to the commodious and comfortable read ing rooms, had proved so attractive to 'Jack ashore' that an attendance of 23,000 was recorded , during the past year. An excellent programme, consisting of 23 items, enabled the large assembly to spend a most enjoyable evening. Mr. T. Phillips and Miss Bowles acted as accompanists during tne concert. On Sunday morning in S. Peter's Church, Easfc Maitland, his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Stanton, Bishop of Newcastle, administered the rite of con firmation to over sixty candidates. The ceremony is notable as being the last of its kind the- Bishop will take part in before sailing to England to attend the Lambeth Conference. The church was well filled with people. The Ven. Archdeacon Tyrrell and the Rev. Mr. Stephpnson were present, and took part in the service. Tbe opening, hymn was ' The church's one foundation,' after which the Ven. Archdeacon Tyrrell read appropriate por tions of scripture. He then took up the firstpor tion of the order of confirmation. The Bishop delivered an eloquent address to the candidates. He compared them to a ship afloat on the seas. They would encounter shoals, reefs, and other dangers, bnt with the help of a pilot would be able to steer clear. They had' now reached years when they would meet these dangers; but -with the fcelp and grace of God'a Spirit they would be enabled to pass them all. The candidates then ratified the promises made for them at baptism, and the hymn, ' Holy Ghost; my soul inspire,' was sung. The candidates, who were all under the ago of 21, then advanced in turn, and the Bishop'in the most impressive manner recited the usual words. At the conclusion tho newly confirmed sang, ' O Jesus, I have promised.' The Bishop delivered a most eloquent and earnest address afterwards. The service wns concluded with the hymn, ' Onward, Christian soldiers.' In the evening the Rev. R. H. Phillips, of Taree,. occupied the pulpit, and his remarks were ehiefly directed to the young people confirmed that day, nearly all ot whom were present. 