' S. The annals m,„i jn recor(js 0f vows more or less romantic or absurd. Foe instance, Queen -Joan of Naples, at a grand! feast at her castle of Garta, honoured tha Knight Galeazzo of Mantua by opening the bait with him. When the dance was finished the grateful knight kneeled down before his royal partner, and to fitly express his acknowledgment of the honour lie had rcc< iveei, he took s. sole-mn vow to wander through tile world, visiting every country where feats of arms wers performed, and not rest until he had subdue! two valiant knights, and pieseuted them as prisoners at his Queen's footstool,to l>e disposed of at her royal pleasure. The doughty warrior, after a year spent in wande ring all over Europe, returned and brought his tao prisoners to the Queen. She took the gift very gracefully, and, the admiring historian tei Is its, declined her right to impose; rigorous conoitn ns on ber captives,and gave them iib: ny without ransom. Whether they properly punished Sir Galeazzo for his interference with their p: rsonal lights we are not told. Some regard a vow as a rest rait.ing bond of % very elastic character, especially whe n it interferes with their desires. Benedick, when ha found his vaw of celibacy too great a strain, upon him iu the presence of his Beatrice's charms, disposes of it fearlessly and finally with the plea : " When I said I would <iio a bachelor I did not think I should live till I were married." Often we have the letter of the vow evaded, wich some special reasoning, and the spirit theu-. broken with impunity. For instance, a modern, llip Van Winkle vowed that he would never drink another drop of liquor as long as ho had hair on his head. A few hours later he was met coming out of a bather's shop with a shaven poii.: Damsels in love often make strange vows. We all remember the case of poor Miss Harrisham, iu Dickens's story, who was so overcome; by he: lover's failure to appear at the weddingr that she- ordered everything in the house to be uuehabge.f as it hael been placed on that hapless day. Years went by, and the wedding teast remaii.e d set on the table, the i lcla cakes mouldered and were eateu by the mice, while the poor, half-demented lady flitted in and out; of the deserted rooms of the house like a ghost, always wearing the white dress and veil which she had put on to welcome the faithless lover who never came. A similar case to this was that of a lady o£ high rank in England, who, being jilted by her lover, went to bed and vowed she would never get up again, and kept her word for 2G years. A less excusable case than this was - that of a man who, finding that his wife was disposed to demand too a:uch hard work from him, took to his bed and stayed there. For 2.2 years this worthless fellow stayed between thej sheets, while his wife waiter! ou Litn. and fed him with peisistent devotion. Vows of perpetuil silence are numerous, the only trouble being that those who need this, vow most do not take it. A Miss Caraliuc, ill 1840, vowed that she would never speak another word to any human being, because she had n quarrel with her lover. For 35 years, until the day of her death, she was never known tc utter a word. Some years ago three sisters lived together. 'Two of the.n quarrelled, and vowed never to speak to each other again . They di 1 not speak for over 20 years, when one of them died, tl e other refusing to speak to her even on he* ue at h-bf d. 