ALONG THE LINE. Lurrikinisna is again boing asserted by frivolous hide who congrogato at the Beo eroft Wesloyan Churoh door on Sunday nights. Tho lade got up to somo very silly pranks. Tho ghost-liko occontricities of ono of thoir number bad a serious effect on tho nerves of a lady horo who has boon in delicatu health. Such practical jokes will evontually lui-d tho perpetrators in gaol. GoncQiiling themselves under tho Church stops ana catcning noiu or tao anutea ot ocnor people as they pass out may seem an exhilarat ing paatimo to Beocroffc gossoons, but it is not appreciated by tho fair ovf nors of tho ankles aforesaid. Mr. David Walkor, Socretary of the Y. M..O, A., Sydney, will conduct services in connection with the Preabytorian Church at Thurnloigh at 11 u. m , and East Carling ford at 3.30 p.m. Tho Rev. C. Crane B. A., will conduct the evening aervico at Ermington on Sunday. A lady and goutlcmtin, tho occupants of a sulky, were aoriouBly hurt on Wodnesday, tho result of a smash up lit tho Junction. Tho Anniversary tea and publio mooting in connection with tho Wealoyan Ohutoh at Hornsby Junction, passed oK very pleasantly on Annivorsary Day. There is now only a debt of £110 on tho building at tho Junction, which was erected only twelvo months ago by tho Wesleyan de nomination at u cost of £3G8. The Minister for Publio Instruction, Mr. Jacob Garrard, is nn active member of tho Wosleyan Church at tho Junction, und pro aided at tho public meeting hold on Anniversary night. Petty thieving is being indulged in very much at various places along the line. Mr. Green, of Boocroft, advertised his lost pony in The Aequs last wock, and had tho animal brought homo a few days after. Tnn Anaufl is putting up a record as a modium for tho return of lost horses. Scarcely hnB an instanco boon known whoro advertisers havo advertised without success. Matters relative to postal facilities under Beoorof t heading in our last issue, should have appeared under tho holding of Thornloigh. Readers, however, knew that some mistaka , of the sort must have ocourred, as Mr. Green is tho aecrotary of the Boooroft Progress Asao oiation, and not Mr. Morris, as was mentioned in the paragraph referred to. Mr. Watt, a rolativo of Mr. J. H. Stophen son, is having a nice roaideneo orected at East Carlingford. Splendid rain fell on Tuesday and Wodnes da'y, the result of heavy showers. On tho for mer day a good deal o£ hail fell, but no damage of any eonsequenco was done. Tho lightning' on Tuesday was very eovero. Several trees along the line were shattered, and eloso by Mr. Spondley's cottage, a young hoifor.tho property of Mr. Walker, of Enst Carlingford, wan struck doud. Tho energetic secretary of Iho Thornloigh Presbyterian Church, Mr. G. A. Park, reports a highly satisfactory state of affairs for tho paat year's workings of that churoh. ' The annual meeting of tho Thornleigh Kohool of Arts took up two nights this year. Some very iunny business was carried on. Discussions, personal abuse, inmlta and dirty linen washing formed the order of tho first day and continued to a great extent on the second night. The officers of tho institution are principally Duffya. Certain members objecting to such a state of affairs worked to mako an alteration for tho curront yoar. Hence these tears. The other side, hearing ot tho intondod action, raisod an objeotion to members voting who had only recently joined tho ' institution, and nf courso no ond of oonfusion resulted. Between the first meeting and tho. second both aides obtained legal opinion and of oourse on submitting them to tho second mooting both maintained they wois tight. How over, thoro was so muoh law brought to bear on tho matter that both tho Soorotary and President turned turtle and vacated thoir seats, tending their resignation nt the same tims. Another Chairman/decided that tho election bo proceeded with, but that nono bo allowed to voto who were not mombers of tbo institution in October last. Tho full particulars of Iho meeting »ia to b« found olsowhoro in those columns. Tho Bocoroft Band of Hope Sacioty are busy arranging for a big ovont to como off shortly. Sevoral oulverts at Beooroft aro badly ia want of repair, In order to avert accidonta. Tho now publio school at Boecroft is bring pushed ahead and tho contractors expect shortly to havo completed their contract. Tho ovordraft on tho Thorrleigh School of Arts now stands at £210, or £ii.s less than thi'd timo last year. . 