LADY WYNDH AU'S TUANOE. A very cuiious story is told ill tho .mirth, west of Somersetshire couccrning a lady who lies buried in St. Dcoumun's Church, between Williton end Watohet. Sir William WyndLuni, who died in Ootober, 1683, mnritd Frances, tho daughter of Anthony Huugnford, of Fairlny Castle. Bcvorol sous and daughters w< ra hoi u la them, aud then, much to the grief of her luril, the lady fell ill, end apparently died, Shu wss put into a cofllii. carried up tbe hillside, slid laid in tbe family vuult iu St. Decuman' Churob, beside unuthcr Wyudbam who had diod Bovoral yours previously. Tho mourn' is returned to the uow desolate homo, ate (lis funeral buko-moats, drunk the consoling uup and retired to rest. \ At mi(iuight the sexlon, ono Will Attew ll, might havo beon seen oroeping stealthily, along tho uorthero uislo of tho church, . He hail a lantern iu one band and u chisel and lllo in the other. Going to tbu Wyndliaui vault, he Torei il open tha lid of tlio colUn, which had bet n deposited there a fow , hours before, aud tho feobie light from the lantern foil on tbo pallid faco of Lady Wjndhnm. Her thin, wldtu hands wero cruised over the breast, and on thu Angers gleamed the jewollod gifts of her loving husband. At thu sight of these tho sexton's eyes sparkled with doligiit, and bo began to remove them fiom tho tapering flogers. One by ooo thoy olippad olf tho Ungors, biit aobeautifuldiamoud ring, the choicest gem the lady .'woro, refused to loavo tbe bund of its dend mistress, Tho Boston 1 00k np his Ale and hog an to out through the oirole of gold. As he did so the Ale gratbd"on tho Aosh aud a drop of blood oozed out, low strango that a oorpse should bleed I Then tho band was sloivlv withdrawn from his grasp, and tho lady sat upright in hor ooOin. Tho sextou gavo a shriek of terror aud fiod. Realising what had happened, Lady Wyndham sprang out of hor coAln, took up the lantern which tlio sexton in his terror bad loft behind bim and van to her old home. ' Tlio family had retired, but tho noise evontuul'y aroused a maid-servant, who laokud out of ti.u window and thi n ran shrieking through Ihd bouse, " My ladv's ghost is at the door I" With a groat cry the ustonished husband ran downstairs, unlocked tho door, threw his arms around tbo breathing form of Lady Frauces, and carried her iuto her room. Tboro ho learnt tha means of her arrival, and how it hod liuon brought about. , Lady Wyndliam, so strangely resoued from a living temb, recovered health and strength, and lived many yoars in tbe happiest union with her husband; In Bt. Dcoumun's Church tho tomb of Sir William Wyndham may bo seen, with Ognrea upon it which aro pointed out i onfirmaEtan o£ .thovtory. 