ROWING. ] y t'"CIC Yw.' . I WVAS ? rowin.g man.myslf once-"pul -ling" we used to call it, it soinded manlier, anyone could "row"'- the -dear little maidens from 10 up could, and keep their corsets on-that w:is why we took to pulling. And we used to pull-to pull ylurself blind was only considered fair. I was very fond of it myself, somehow I never got tired of pullinig-corks. SLots of people think it requires an amount of courage and practice to make an oarsman. That's a fallacy-there's nothing simpler in the world. This is all that's in it. When some deluded enthusiast who can't pull a feather out of a dead rooster's tail, and who belongs to the worst club on the river, has tracked you about and worried you incessantly for 18 months to join his club-the "best" club-you give him your name and ad dress on paper (the address being most important), which he nails to a notice board in the shed room, for the other coves, who never before heard of you in Sheir lives, to peruse aloud and crack ugly j.,kes on. After a week or so you are proposed, and if you are not considered, a bad egg, which you know is a mistake, aid you possess a guinea, you are made a member, anod are at liberty, forthwith, to proceed to the shed and kick the boats about. You proceed, and wait at the Sdoor for two hours until your enthusiastic friend comes along, inflating his chest, and mistaking himself for Beach or Johnny Ioloand. He wonders you haven't " been ,ut," and after showing you over the shed, pointing out the '' eight " that won the Cow Flat Gold Challenge Cup, intro duces you to the skipper. The skipper is very pleased to see you, and silently won ders:if you'roe paid up. Meanwhile your' friend hunts about the room until he. rakes out a pair of rowing pants and shirt belonging to somteone else and crawls into t hem. Seeing you, haven't any lie cordially loans you a set-which also aren't his. Then you follow him, and two others that form the " crew " to the boat room painfully conscious the whole of twenty eyes and more fixed on your puny arms and the withered calf following your crooked narrow bones. You feel the dleformity keenly and curse Fate for the infliction-curse him all the way to the boat room. Your friend, who becomes very important, sets his hand oei a boat long enough to bridge the river with aind roars out, "Stand by." All of you stand by. "Lift her ;" you lift with all your might and drive your paw through her canvass. "Oh d--it," say a pair of voices. " C.eser's Ghost," says one, sad and slow. You blush and say nothing. .After a little inspection the four of you struggle to the position with the boat. You struggle most. All the weight is at your end. You long to let her down. You feel your hold of her slips slightly, your face gets very red. The fellow in front of you has one arm dangling down. You wish to swear at him. but only breathe on his neck. " Gently now, and right out," shouts your friend, very hard. He knows some girls are watching. You let your end go smack on the water, and if her back isn't cracked it's no fault of yours. A shower of lurid expletives from the " crew " cause you a slight discomfort. "'Tumble in." '"You hesitate, then clutching the pontoon with your claws feel the way with your lean shanks. Careful to avoid putting any weight on the centreboard, you stand fair and square on the bottom of her getting in, and if your hoof doesn't go clean through her and brain the shark that's below, no one can blame you. At last she starts. You do its the cove in front of you does-at least you think you do. What a sensation ! Somehow you're not comfortable-you fancy you're in Mslaomet's coflin. The cove behind you is a bad puller. You're sure he is or he wouldn't keep jobbing you in the spine with the end of his oar. You've a bad oar--you'ro certain it 'is or it- wouldn't miss the water every stroke and throw you into thea lap of the .man behind-. There's a short delky every three strokes-a shark or something keeps dragging your oar under the water. There's a long spell aid your friend decides to turn back. You place your hand on your spine as though you were in pain-of course you ain't- and find that the man behind has pretty well driven a tunnel through you. You glance sadly over your shoulder at him, but he's throwing kisses to some creatures on!the bank. You put down your "nudget" again and pull-pull-till your tongue comes out and you can't see anything but the akin of your hands in the bottom of the boat. Delightful I You get out- Lord knows how-drag your drooping carcase into the shed, put on your clothes again and depart-an oarsman. 