SIR TfflSTRAI^ . ~ ? . y ? fBy MARY BRADFORD WHETING.); - CHAPTER XVJX— (Continued.) Hylda made no reply; she found her mo ther's determined optimism trying in the ex treme, but pride kept her silent. She had thought that she should have to exercise the greatestcare in warding off dangerous topics, and with the inconsistency of human nature she was almost disappointed that there was no need for her precautions. Mrs. Carlyle insisted on taking a rose-colored Tiew of everything, and now and again a chilling suspicion crept into Hylda's heart that she did it purposely, and not because she was] blind to the fact that clouds hung over her 'I daughter's sky. It was no doubt the prudent j course to pursue, but she wondered some- 1 times where she could turn for aid if the ? storm should burst upon her. j No one who saw Hylda enter the drawing- i room that evening would have guessed at any j secret sorrow in her life: Richard had often told her that if she were always bright and happy, he would always be in a pleasant humor; the retort was an obvious one,- but to tell Richard that if he were always in a pleasant humor she should always be bright and happy would only have provoked some of the scornful remarks that she learnt to dread. He looked at her with more soft ness than he had done for a long time, when she stood before him ready to descend. 'If you always looked like that,' he said, and though the speech carried a sting, it was so long since he had spoken any word of ad miration that it brought the color into her cheeks. It had taken Mr. Chesterford a long time to forgive Hylda, but, as he had no right to take up the cudgels on his friend's behalf against that friend's distinct command, he was ready to meet her in a conciliatory spirit. Hylda was on her mettle; she talked i her best, and entered into every subject with ! such ease and vivacity that the vicar was fairly astonished. 'I don't think I ever saw anyone improve so much as Mrs. Weston,' he exclaimed, en thusiastically, as they drove home that evening. Roy could not forbear a whistle of amaze ment. 'I know you never thought she needed im provement,' said liis brother goodhumored ly; 'but to my mind the change is extraor dinary. Her husband must have more in him than I ever imagined, for her crudities Beem to have vanished away!' 'On that principle you might advocate mar riage with a grindstone,' remarked Roy. 'There would be nothing like it for wearing one down to a uniform polish.' But, clear-sighted as the vicar thought him self, it was not with him that Lady Carlyle would have agreed that night; as a rule she differed with Roy on principle, and yet as she drove homewards and thought of her sister-in-law's complacent expression, she ut tered the oracular words, 'I wonder whether we shall live to be glad or sorry that Cecilia was born without sense!' CHAPTER XVIII. On the morning of the fateful 17th of Oc tober Hylda woke early, and as soon as she was dressed she crossed the jfallery and open ed the door of her old study. With a touch of superstition she had kept away from the room since her arrival, and she glanced around her with an expectant gaze when she entered as if the ghosts of her past and the visions of her future were waiting to greet her. The blinds were down and only a faint gleam of light stole in through the windows, but as she raised them she saw that it was a true October day — heavy clouds floated over j the sky, great gusts of wind hurled them selves against the trees, while in the distance ; the river rushed stprmily down through the j sodden meadows. It was just what she had j longed to see; for her own sake as well as her j husband's she wished the old associations to be revived, and as she stood by the window j she let her mind dwell once more on her first j introduction to the hero of her dreams. A step in the gallery outside broke in upon her thoughts. She raised her head joyfully and hurried to the door; Richard had not for gotten his tryst! 'Come and look!' she said, taking his hand to lead him across the room. 'It is so like it was a year ago!' . I 'I hope to goodness it isn't,' said Richard, j *'or I shall never get to the station.' 'To the station?' said Hylda, loosing his hand suddenly. 'Yes; I've been looking for you to put my things together. I got up early and have had breakfast already.' 'But where are you going?' ''Back to town, of course. You didn't think I was going to stay more than two days In this deadly hole, did you?' 'But, Richard, mamma thinks we have come for a long visit.' 'Indeed! 'Mamma' must be undeceived, that's alL Make haste; there's no time to lose.' The color had all ebbed away from Hylda's face, and she was looking at him with' a dis mayed expression that roused his wrath. 'I never knew anyonelike you for making scenes,' he said, impatiently. 'What the use of it is I can't see; but I suppose you do. I wish you would give me a little peace, for a change.' 'I wish you would give me a little peace,' cried Hylda, passionately. 'I never 'seem to please you now in anything, and yet— a year ago ? ' .'- 'Oh! do stop that 'year ago' business!' said Richard, turniug angrily towards the door. 'It is absolutely senseless; if you would get rid of all your stupid sentiment, there might be some chance of your being some good.' Hylda said nothing. She might have learn ed by experience that, in any conflict with her husband, she was sure to be worsted ; put a refined and sensitive nature into collision .with a harsh and obstinate one, and only one result is possible. . 'Well, are you going to help me, or must I pack for myself?' said Richard, after a mo ment's pause. 'I will help you,' said Hylda, in a low Toice, moving towards the door as she spoke. 'It is really quite unnecessary to make such a fuss,' he went on, recovering his tem per as he generally did as soon as he got his own way. 'I shall probably run down again next Saturday. It is not to be expected that I should stay down here. You can stay as long .as you like of course; you say that you S^ant me to leave you in peace.' Hylda did her packing silently; after his abuse of her sentimentality she could not tell him that the real cause of her dismay was his forgetf ulness of the tryst they were to ? bave kept; nothing should induce her.to men. tion it now, and she said nothing until her task was finished. 'I had better go and see if mamma is dress ed,' 'shesaid, when all was ready. 'What for?' : 'You ought to say good-bye to hes' 'I snail miss the train if I- do. 'You've made me late already with your nonsense.'' 'But it is very ^unusual to go- off in such ,8a unceremonious 'way,' said Hylda, who dreaded the comments of her relations almost as much as she dreaded her husband's an ger. ??... ???' ;? ??/? ..' :\:':: ?. .'?? :'?'*'. '? ? 'You need not be always dinnjng your good breeding into iny' ears,' said Richard, as he rang the bell for the portmanteau to bernr ried downstairs. ; 'I- knqw: how -tOs^Jehave, thank you. Come, say, 'good-bye, theses a £ood girl.' ? -. '. '..[': '.'.**-.'? He gave iier a kiss, and, taking tip -his tag:, hnrried off wittiout waiting for a reply. = Hylda tifiteund to his. footsteps as theyj -Jie9 away; she would not let tierself cry, for she knew that in a few minuses she must meet her mother at the breakfast table, and she could not hope to explain liiichard's de parture calmly if she gave way to her tears now. ' ; ;- . .:. Mrs. Carlyle accepted her excuses without asking any questions; she took her daughter for a walk in the morning and fOJJ'a drive in the afternoon, and 'all through the day her cheerful chit-chat fell upon Hylda's worn nerves like the continual dropping of a rainy day. She was thankful when bedtime came, but she could not sleep, and'as 3*jMra as the house was still she wrapped herself in her dressing-gown, and went to keep the solitary watch in her old chamber. . . No one seemed to have made any use of the room since she had left it, and she shivered a little as she set her lamp down upon the writing table; the air felt a^s ehUly as that of a vault, and the mournful fancy crossed her mind that the watch she came to keep was a watch beside the dead. How many hopes and ideas had been born in that room, frail innocents that had been slaughtered by the keen blade of experience! She looked sadly at the books that she had left upon the shelves, and wondered' whether they felt more lonely and neglected than those she had taken with her, and which spent their days in a certain box at Beryl Villa, But the books could only gaze back at her speechlessly, and, sitting down at the table, she opened one of the drawers, and turned over some of the papers that lay within it. The first thing that met her eye was the syllabus of the lectures that had made such an era in her life; her hand trem« bled as she touched it, but forcing herself to the effort, she took it out and laid it before her on the table. 'The evolution of Revolt. . The germ of Freedom. Desire passing into thought and thought into expression.' How well she re membered the pnrases! Sentence after sen tence of Richard's lectures came back to her mind as she sat there, and she could almost hear his resonant voice declaiming the high sounding periods. What a trumpet-peal his eloquence had been to her then! How was it j now it seemed no more than sounding brass j or a tinkling cymbal? . j She tried to think the matter out dispassion ately, as though it were another's interest and not her own. Was it tliat her access to her. husband's papers had shown her that most of his utterances were no more than a clever stringing together of other men's ideas? Not altogether: it is not given to everyone to be original, and to assimilate the thoughts of others is no crime if they be repeated with sincerity. But here came in the haunting dread: was Richard sincere in his opinions? She had no doubt that Ralph Rhodes was ab solutely sincere, even when he said that every aristocrat and plutocrat ought to be ground to powder and made into bread for the starving populace; he was mistaken and extravagant of course, but he would have proved his words cheerfully at the stake. But when Richard poured out the foaming torrents of his wrath against tyrants, and urged upon his audience the sublime duty as well as the privilege of Freedom, it was no more than 'claptrap,' as he would himself have confessed— all in the day's work, and paid for at so much the hour! With what a sneer would he silence her now if she were to show him the essay that she took from the drawer, and turned over with a pang of remembrance. 'Every human soul has a right to its own development. Domestic tyranny is as foul a crime as national tyranny, but it will con tinue to be perpetrated so long as its victims are weak enough to submit' ? Her pen had flown along the lines with lightning speed, while her cheek flushed and her eyes kindled at the recollection of the spirit-stirring utterances that had awakened her response. .-.'?' She turned to the last page and looked at the blue pencil scrawl that had once been so precious to her— 'An exceedingly striking and well-written essay.' How her heart had glowed as she read it, -and now she felt as if her heart was nothing but a heap of grey ashes, in which not one smouldering spark remained. She pushed the papers suddenly with a feeling of sick hopelessness; what was Freedom after all— she had snatched at it with eager hand, and had discovered that it was only Bondage in disguise'/' Little as she knew it, the very matter was being discussed at the same moment in Rich ard's study at Beryl Villa. He had tele graphed to his future brother-in-law that he iras returning to town, and the same hour that witnessed Hylda's bitter vigil saw the two men conversing amid clouds of smoke. 'There is no doubt about it,' Richard was saying. 'Young Chesterford gave Lord Pen ninghurst himself as his authority; he had seen a letter of his to Carlyle.' 'But everyone I have seen says that the General Election will not come for anojther eight months.' 'Very likely; but the Government have got their plan 'up their sleeve. They intend to go to the country as soon after Christmas as they can manage it. and the secret will be in everyone's mouth directly.' 'What a blabbing young fool Chesterford must be!' remarked Rhodes. ~; 'All young fellows of that type are. It only needs a judicious use of the pumphan dle. Of course, he saw that he had made a blunder, and tried to get out of it again; but that is nothing to us; here is your chance for you. and you had better sro' down to Benning ton and undermine Carlyle's influence.' 'I- don't quite .understand why you are so keen against Carlyle?' said Rhodes. Richard hailed the indication of Ellen's reticence with satisfaction. 'You ought not to be surprised that I up hold the good cause/' he said, evasively. 'Only that I never can quite make out whe ther it is the' good- cause to ypu. You never seem to me to be more than half-hearted at the best' 'Double-faced would describe me better,' said Richard, speaking with the curious frankness that characterised him at times. 'The chief's politics have to be mine.' 'I never concealed my opinions when I was 'sub,' ' said Rhodes. ' ? Most men would have ? been eff ended by the implied reproach, but Richard shrugged his shoulders carelessly. 'Exactly,' he said, 'and you see the result; your shoes are left empty for me to step in to. I agree fully with Bacon, that a man may be one thing in his official capacity and another in his private life. That is the kind of utterance that comes from my official mouth,' and he pushed the current copy of -a well-known Conservative journal across to his friend. ' 'Radical Retrogression.' Is that it?' asked Rhodes, in a satirical tone. Richard nodded; and he opened a page at random, and began to read: 'The progressionists of the present day are but retrogressionists in disguise. They talk of 'levelling up' the masses, which will mere ly result in a levelling -down' of the classes, and a consequent decline of. civilisation. They talk of democracy, and say that Parliament is bound to carry out the will of the people, the end of which will,'be that ministers will be executed by. the mob, as they once were by the king, if -they fail, to carry out its de mands. They talk of freedpm,. which, in their mouthy is -merely a' 'catchword imply ing that every man whose income, Js above a certain rate is bound to provide for those whose income is below it . Free education,, free medicine, free music, -'.frag' art-^-free everything, in f aet,J for the, forking man, so that all those who W?e s not under the protec tion of an Eight .Hour. 3H1- must toil twenty hours out of, every, twenty-four to satisfy the ravenous monsjbete'- -, ; ,: ,'??'.? j . ''Itr sound iathOT'.w:eU. ,:w,hen you read it!' said Bichard complacent^. *'DoeH It?'rsa3d Rhodes, fTU yead you some more then.'* o v CTa be *ontinnea.) 