A WONDERFUL 'WOMAN; OR, THE DANGERFIELD PMYSTERY BY MRS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XIV.--(Continded.) "It. is of no use-all vital power is gone. He never will sign his name ?aigin." Dr. Graves said; "'he is exciting himself dangerously and uselessly." The dying man heard, and understood. His eyes turned on Katherine with a speechless anguish terrible to see. "Too late! too late:" they heard him groan. "Oh, Heaven: too late!" Katherihe's arms encircled him. She ,pressed her cold face close to his. "Papa, darling," she said, softly and sweetly, "I don't want you to grieve for :ine-to think of me even. You are very, •very ill--very ill,,papa, and-had we not better send for a clergyman?" He made a feeble motion, but it was doubtful if he heard her. A stupor-the .stupor which precedes death-was gath ering over him; his dull eyes closed: his ,pale lips muttered; he moaned ceaseless ly. The great last change was very near.. The sun was high in the blue January sky now, the whole world jubilant with t?he glad sunlight of the New Year. And in the town of Castleford people talked Swith bated breath -r the strange, dread tragedy at Scarswood, and of nothing else. Ini a house in the remotest suburbs -of the town, Gaston Dantree lay, sense less still, ,while life and death fought -their sharp battle above his pillow. And in that stately and'spacious chamber at Scairswood its lord'lay dying, while cler gyman' and physicians stood by, useless, and in vain. Katherine never left him-she neither slept nor ate. As she had been from the first-tearless, noiseless-so she was to the last. Morning camne and passed. The short January afternoon' wore:on. ' The sadnl dropped low, the blue t'ilight shliadolws ?'ere gathering once more."- That cele-= ")rated physician from Londoii had .art rived, but all the phlysicians in the great rinodern Babylonrwereof littleavail now. SoLower" and lower the red, wintry 'sun 'ropiped, flushing eartl.' and sky with \- se lieght; and'as its lrst red rat' faded ':?and died aniid 'the trees of Scarswood` 'Park, Sir Johii Dangerfield passed from 'Scarsi ood and all earthly possessions Sfor ever. Without sign or struggle, the :shadow that goes before crept up, and in one quiet instant shut out the light. of -life from" all the face. Up and down, up and down in the crim -son splendors of that New Year sunset, Peter Dangerfield paced under the.leaf 'less trees. No pang of pity, no touch of remorse, came to him-it was not in -l'his nature to feel either. He only waited In a fever of impatience for the end. It came. As he stood for an instant, his eyes fixed on that red radiance in the west. thinking how fair and stately Scarswood looked beneath its light, Dr. -Graves approached him. One look at his face was enough! His heart gave a great leap. At last! at last!--his hour had come. "Sir Peter Dangerfield," the physician gravely said, "your uncle is dead." 'Sir Peter!" He turned faint and giddy for a mo mnent with great joy, and leaned speech lessly against a tree. Then he started up, his face flushing dark red, and made hastily for the house. Never before had the old baronial hall looked half so no ble, half so grand: never before had the fair domain spread around him seemed half so stately an inheritance as now, when he stood there, in this first Janu ary sunset, master of Scarswood. CHAPTER XV.-"DEAD OR ALIVE!" The funeral was over, and a very grand and stately ceremonial it had been.' There had been a long procession Softhe carriages of the-county families, of the eDangerfield tenantry,. and the '-tradespeople 'of Castleford. The funeral was over, and in the pale -'yellow glimmer of the January sunset the mourning coaches and the family carriages went their way, and the dead man's adopted daughter was driven ,back home. T?he pale yellow glow of the sunset was merging into the gloomy grey of even lng as they reached Scarswood. Her faithful friend, Edith Talbot, who had been with her from the first, was with her still. The blinds were drawn up, .shutters unbarred, but the servants, clad in deepest mourning, moved about like ghosts, with bated breath and hushed .voices, as though the lord of the manor still lay in state in these silent upper .rooms. It all struck with a dreary chill on the 'heart of Miss Talbot-the gloom, the si lence, the mourning robes, the desola tion. She shuddered a little, and clung closer to Katherine's arm, who was white as death. At all times she had been pale, but not like this-never be fore like this! As she had been from the first houni of the blow, so she was still-silent-tearless. rigid. She drew her friend's face down, how -ever, and kissed it again and again. And Katherine held her tight for one mo cnent, and then left her. Katherine was not alone, howevel'r. There had followed their carriage to S?carswood another, and that other con tained the heir and the late baronet's lawyer. Mr Mansfield, the Castleford solicitor, was talking very earnestly con -cerning that unsigned and invalid will. They reached Scarswood, Sir Peter and the lawyer. The old house loomed up in the chill, grey, wintry twilight. "I am going to the library. IMans field," the new baronet said, with cool familiarity. "If you or-Miss Danger field want nme, you can send for me there. Only this premise: I will come to no terms with her in your presence. SVWhat I have to say to her I shall say to her alone." He opened the library door, entered, and closed it with an emphatic bang. 'The elder man looked anxiously after him on the landing. "What does that little ireptile mean?' I don't half-likle the tone in which he s:peaks of IKatherline. He doesn't ileaU to-no, he darei't-no inan dal'e insult her in the hour of her downfall." Hr Mansfield sent a servant to an aounce his presence, the French girl, Ninon; she ireturned to himn in a mo mnent, and ushered him into the rioom wvhere IKatherine salt, alone. She lookled round and held out her hand to her friend, with the faint sha donw of her former 1right smile. "liy. dear," he said, very gently, "I do not intrude upon you too soon, do I? But I could not wait: I came with Sir Peter :straight from the funeral here. As things stand now, tile sooner your affairs are settled the bietter." She lifted her head a little and looked at him. "Peter Dangerfield here-so soon! He is in haste to takle possession. Does lihe intend to remain all night-and am I to leave at once?" "You are not to leave until you see fit, for a thousand Peter Dangerfields! I don't know whether he intends remain ing over night or not; certainly not, though, I should say, if you object." S"I? TWhat right have I to.object? The house is his, and everything in it. He is perfectlyjustified in taking possession a-t once, and in turning me out if he sees flit." "He will never do that. my child: and .527 i think--I hop-I am sure he will act as common justice requires,and give you at once the three thousand pounds your father bequeatthed to you in that unsign She half rose from her chair; a light flashed into her face; a rush of passion ate words leaped to her lips. But all at once she checked herself-she who never before had checked a single emo tion. She sank slowly back into her seat, and a strange, set expression har dened her mouth. "You think so, Mr .Mansfield-you think he will be generous enough for that? And it is in his power not to give it to me if he ilkes-those three thousand pounds?" "Certainly, it is in his power; but no ione save the veriest monster would think of acting a part so thoroughly 1 mean :nd.base." She listened very quietly; the shadow of a. scornful smile on her face. "Mr Mansfield, I am afraid there is 1 something wanting in your knowledge of human nature, In your opinion of Sir Peter Dongerfield. You forget that some months e:go I refused to marry him that I even insulted him--my abomin a5 ble temper. Mr Mansfield. I think Sir Peter is a'gentleman who will 'conscien tiously pay every debt of that sort, to e th" uttermost farthing." "Well. anyhow, lie wishes to see you," added the lawyer. "He is in the library. Shall I go and send him here, or would you gather it were to-morrow?" " Send him now, by all means," she sI aid. "Let us see how generous Peter 1 Dangerfield can be." \- He got up. walked irresolutely to the door, hesitated a moment, then came suddenly back. "And, Miss Dangerfeld-Kgatherine," he said, impetuously, "if you should fling I his miserable dole back in his face, doni't fear that you shall ever W?ant a home. I have no- daughters of my own; come with me to Castleford, and brighten the lives of two old hum-drum people. Come and be my daughter for the rest of your life." .-He gave her no time to answer; he hurried away, and'rapped smartly at the library door. "Peter Dangerfield's small, I coioyless.face looked out. "What is it ?" he asked. "Am I to go upstairs ?" "You are," responded . Mr M-ansfield, curtly;."and, as you deal with that poor child in.her trouble, may the good. Just God deal by you. I shall remain here and.take her home with me to-night, if she will-come." , Peter Dangerfield smiled-an evil and .most sinister smile. "i think it extremely likely she will go." he said. "The two-storey brick dwelling of Mr Mansfield. the solicitor, will be rather an awkward change after. the gaiety a'nd grandeur of Scarswood; but then, beggars mustn't be choosers." He -walked straight upstairs, still with :L smile on his face-still with that exult ing glow :t his heart. - He opened the door without.ceremony, and wwalked in. The room was brightly lighted now: Katherine had lit the clus ters of wax tapers in the chandeliers, aind stirred the fire into'a brightetr blaze. She had left her seat. and was leaning lightly against the mantelpiece, her h:mds hanging loosely clasped before her. He took his place opposite her, snad they looked each other straight in the eyes. It was the grave defiance of two duellists to the death. "\Well, Katherine," he said; "I wonder if your name really is K.atherine, by the wvay; I must ask Mrs AVavasor. I came here, at old Malnsfield's request, to talk }business and money matters. You look like a 'queen uncroviwned' to- night, my 1:all, stately Miss Dangerfield-not good looking, you know, my dear; you were never that; but majestic and dignified, and all that sort of thing. And yet there isn't a beggar in the streets of Castleford poorer than you." She stood silent, looking at him. How his eyes gleamed; how glibly, his veno mous tongue ion. His little form ac tually seemed to dilate and grow tall in this hour of his triumph. "And that other night," he went-on; "do you remember it, Kathie? Oh, let me call you by the old, familiar name to the last! That other night, when I -a poor, pettifogging attorney, as 1 think I have heard Mr Dantree call me -I had the presumption, in the conser vatory, to ask you to be nly wife. It was presumptuous, and I richly de served the rebuff I got for my pains; I deserved even to be called 'aq ricketty. dwarf!' You served me right, Kathe rine, and now, in return, I am to come before you to-night and offer you three thousand pounds-mine to give or keep, as I please." H-e paused, his whole face glowing with sardonic light. Hers never changed. "Go on," she said, in a perfectly steady voice. "Katherine," he said, "I can do better for you than that. What is a pitiful three thousand pounds to the late heir ess of eight thousand per annum ? I can do better for you, and I will. Why should you leave Scarswood at all ? 'Why not remain here a's mistress still with me ?'^ "Go on." she said again, in the same steady tone. "Need I speak more plainly ?" He drew :1 step nearer, and all the devil of hatred and malignity within him shone forth in the gleam of his eyes. "Then I will-it would be a pity for us to misundelntand each other in the least. Last September I asked you, the heiress of Scarswood, to be my wife. You re fused-more, you grossly insulted me. To-night I return good for evil. Let us I forgive andorgindforget. As lord and master of Scarswood, I offer you again a home here-but this time, not as my wife. You can stay here as.an outcast from so ciety--n woman without name, without character, without reputation. You can stay, beggar as you are, by my f:avor! I Do you understand! So long as you lease me, fulfil my will and ipleasclre You understand me." The nwords nwere uttered with concen tliated venom. Hlis hate an:ld revenge had give\'n himn a diabolical cour age to say what he never would h:have dared to s:y in cold blood. Sfut :L the last he drew back. He r ":s a coward to the core, and she had showin herself before now to have the I fury of a very p:lnther. And they were alone. She miglst murder 'him before he could reach the door. His first im Siutlse was flight, and she saw it. "Stop!" site cried; and he stood as \- still as though hie had been shot. "You coward! You cur!" No words can \- tl! the unutterable scorn of her low. coencentrated voice. "Y'ou have said it, and nowl- healr me. This Is your hour S--mine will come! .\nd hlelre, before \- HIavena, by my dead father's memory, I swear to be revenged. Living. I shall pursue you to the very ends of tile earth \--dead, I will come back from the gr:ave, Sif the dead can! For every word you have spoken to-nightyou shall pay dear ly, dearly! I have only one thing left to live for now, and that is my vengeance l on you. Tie fortune you have taken I will wrest from you yet; the shame, tile Smisery, the disgrace that is mine, you shall feel in your turn. I swear it! SLook to yourself, Peter Dangerfield! Living, I will hunt you down; dead, I will return anmd torment you! now go!" i She pointed to the door. IHe looked Sback at lher once as she stood there, the leaping firelight full on her white face and black robe, and as he saw her then, She saw her sleeping or wakling :11 the rest of his life. Then the door closed. :land IKatherine was once more alone. CHAPTER XVI.--BEFORE MID NIGHT. The hours of the evening wore on. In hei pretty, was-lit, crimson-hung room, It Katherine stood, long :and motionless, ewhrre Peter Dangerfield had left her. The sonorous clock over the stables, striking cight, awoke her :atL last froli her trance. She started up, crossed tlhe room, like one aroused to a determined purplose, and rang thie bell. Ninon camle. "l'm going out, oinon; I'm going to Castleford. It may be close upon mid night before 1 return, and the house will probably be shut up. ' Wait for me at the door in the southern turret,and whllen I knock let me in." "Rut mademoiselle," the girl cried, "to Castleford so late, and on foot, and alone?" "I1 don't mind the lateness-no one will molest me. For the wallk, 1 can do it inl an hour :nd a quarter. Do :is I biid You?- Ninon, a:nd say nothing to any one in my absence." T'he French girl knew her mistress too well to disobey, but she had lingered for a nmoment at the door, looking back wist fully. She loved this impetuous young mistr-es. who scolded her vehemently one instant and made it up the next by a present of one of her best dressed. She loved her, :as all the servants in the house did, and never so well as now. A few minutes later Katherine glided down the stairs, dark, and noiseless :s ia spirit. She met no one. Sir Peter was busy over papers, the servants were in their own qua:rters, the house was more silent than a tomb. Softly she opened and closed the ponderous 'portico door, and flittered:out, into the night. The w:ilk was unspeakably lonely. Un til the 'lihts of the town gleamed forth tlhrough the starryddarkness she did not meet a soul. She-had walked so rapidly, that she was out of brcath, and in a glow of warmth: .She slackened .her pDice' now,. pausing, finally, befo.re the quiet, roomy, old-fCishioned' histelr.?y nobif as the Silveir Rse. "Does', jlady named Mis Vavasor stay here?" The landlord of the Silver Rose started to his feet as the soft accents'fell upon his ear. The next moment he was bowing low before the slender, black-robed figure and the two grave, grey eyes. The heroine of the day, the talk of the town, the reputed daughter of the late Sir John Dlngerfield, stood befoie him. "Yes, 'Miss Katherine. Please come in out of the cold. 'Mrs Vavasor does lodge here: but at present she happens to be out." "WVill she soon return?" "Well, Miss Katherine, 1 really could n't say, but I think it likely. She don't often be out even as late as this." "If you will show me up to her room I will wait," the young lady answered. "I must see her to-night." The landlord held a candle aloft, and led the way upstairs, and flung open a door on the landing above. "This be Mrs Vavasor's sittin'room. Take a seat by the fire, Miss Katherine, and I dessay she'll be here soon." He went out and closed the door. Katherine stood in the centre of the room and looked about her with a cer tain amount of curiosity in her face. The door of the chamber opening from this apartment stood ajar, and, looking in with the same searching gaze, some thing familiar caught the girl's eye at once. In the centre f a table stood an In dian box of rare beauty and workman ship. Katherine recognised it in a moment It was one of hers, a farewell gift from a miltary friend when leav ing India. She remembered how, more than once. 'Mrs V ava sor had admired it dmong.- the other Indian treasures in her room how, all at once, it shad vanished mys teriously, and now here it was. Kathe rine's short upper lip curled scornfully. "So," she said. "you are a thief as well as an intriguante and an adventuress. You have stolen my box. Let me see to what use you have put poor Ensign Brandon's gift." She walked deliberately into the sleeping room, and took up the casket. It closed and locked with a secret spring; she touched it, and the lid flew back. It contained a slim packet of letters tied with ribbon, and an old fashioned miniature painted on ivory, in a case of velvet, ornamented with seed pearls. The dark side of Katherine's nature, that might have lain dormant and un suspected e?en by herself for ever in the sunshine of prosperity, was assert ing itself now. She deliberately read the address on the letters. The paper was yellow with time the ink faded, but the bold, firm, masculine hand 'was per fectly legible still. "MIiss Harriet Lela cheur, 35, Rosemary-place, Kensing ton"-that was the address. She turned from the letters, pressed the spring of the picture-case, and •looked at the portrait within. Like the letters, time had faded it, but the bold, masculine boyish face smiled up at her with a brightness that even a score of years could not mar. It was the eager, handsome, beardless face of a youth in the first flush of manhood, with lips that smiled, and eyes that were alive. "A brave, gentlemanly face." Kathe rine thought. "1What could a man like this ever have had to do with her? Is this the lover she spoke of, from whom my mother parted her? Are these let ters from him? WVas her name Harriet Lelacheur, instead of Harman? You may keep my Indian box, Mrs Vavasor, and welcome, and I will keep its con tents." With thle same steady deliberation she put the letters and picture in her pocket, and wralked back into the other room. There was a hard light in her eyes, an expression on her face not pleasanlt to "On the road I am walking there is no turning back. To accomplish the aim of my life I must do ~to others as I have been done by. Mrs Vavasor and Peter Dangerfield shall find tme an apt pupil. Ah--at last! here she is!" She turned and faced the door. As she did so, it was thrown impetuously open, and the woman she hated stood before her.' It was Mrs Vaasuor's last night in Castleford-her last night, she had made up her mind, for ever. It was all over. The romance, the re venge, and the triumph of hem life were finished and done. She had wrought out her vendetta to the bitter end. Her price had been paid twice over. With twenty thousand pounds as her fortune,. she would return to Paris, launch out into a life of splendor, and end by mar rying a title. She was singing softly to herself as she ascended thle stairs. Everything had gone so well! She had had her ven geancc and made her fortune at one clever throwe, and after to-night a long vista of Parisian pleasures and Parisian life floated before her in a rosy mist. T~ith the opera tune on her lips, she opened her door, and stood face to face writh-Katherine Dangerfleld. She stood stock still. The song died on her lips-the sudden,esift pallor that overspread her face showed throughi all the pearl tpowder she wore. She had said she was no coward, and she was not; but in this hour she stood afraid to thie very core' to face the girl she had wronged. Katherine had arisen, and stood be side her, and IKatherine was the first to speak. "Come in, Mrs Vaitasor-the room is your own; and you need not look such a picture of abject terror. I haven't come hereo to murder you-to-night." Her voice was perfectly clear, perfect ly steady. An angry fullenness came to the elder woman's relief. She came in, closed the, door, ad defiantly faced her foe. - " This is a most unexpected pleasuri.e. What carx I do for ,yo Miss' Danger field?" .i .: She threw herself into a chairstretch ed out herjdaintilyboo ed'feet :to" the fire, and looked, acibss- ti itki? the Osame defiant face at?heix enem: ':. Katherine turined i'er g:ave eyses fiom the fire, clasped oe briands 'togetlier on the little table 'lieta en tlhexs; ,ndI lean ed slightly forward as she spoke: " Miss Dai erfield:'is ndot my name. You are the' only o??; ho kno?s. Will you tell me ,hatat ::S? , "No-decidedly: "That is one of-the:: uestx?iions:yo will not answenr:.s tere s! anotheu';.tIs-?xny father alive'"""=':. $;r ` "My mother is deadreally dead "if "As dead asMQueen &niie; liiss 'Dan gerfield. I supisoce we may as well continue tho icall: you. sob to lte last, for convsenience i`sakeO'. Your m'mi otiher is brought up as a dChristian, and all thuxt, and yoxx ought to know- doyou supsd?i the dead see whiat goes on i' thxis reel ing, rocking: little ,globe: ofq ours"': l3e cause,?if they, do,i.si?ierely hope, your late lamenritd maternall parentis 'looking down, upon you and me atthis:inomeniit. Yion are a good Ihater, Mrs Vaxaser Now I slihouldlil ike to Bknoiw what yiy mo6hevelver did to you to sispire such hated -hie alive;' and oI 'hate oer dead,` and you visit -that ihate as bittei 'a ever, years eand eaxs at te upon ber chiMxs avaor lauaghed-all her, airy, easy self again. "And you really are canious to know why I htxted-why I still hate your.dead mother? WTellI am in the humor to gratify you to-night. - I have locked the past so closely up- for.such : length of time that it is soniething of- a relief and a pleasure to unlockl it to-night. But to think I should tell-it to you-to you ! W-hy, look you-?i' ih miglit have Ieen a good woinan-a rich .'on?all--aL .-model British mniatron--sitting at the head of a husbanld's table--lringing up chrildren in the way they should walk, going three times every Sunday to church, visiting the poor of the parish. I might have been all this, Miss Dangerfield, and I wanted.to be, but that dead mother of yours stepped forward, Interposed her wand of authority, and lo! to-day, and for the past eighteen years, I have' been a Bohemian-houseless, frieidless,' pen niless, and reputationless. Now, listen here is the story. No names, mind; no questions when I have done. All you are to know I cwill tell you. Your father lives-you have hosts of relatives alive, for that ma'tter, but I don't mean you shall ever see or know any of them." She sank back, in her chair, played with her watch-chain, looked at the fire, and told her story in rapid words. (To be Continued.) 