®aUs and jritatcbe*. JOHN TRENSON'S FORTUNE. BY GEORGE CHESTERTON, Author of « Miss Bardney's Protege,' ' The Milestone's Secret,' ' Hudson's Latest Case,' ?? A Change in Tactic*,' *' Tom's Sacrifice,' Ac, Ac. CHAJTEE XAJC.VI.— feJUXK IS ASTOUNDED AT Treason's HrpocEisr. Summing the door behind him, Krink Btrode angrily into his own apartments. Everything seemed to conspire Against him, and he was at length beginning . seriously to consider the advisableness of ' knocking Trenson on the head' as being the beat way oat of his diffi culties. That night, when paying his usual visit, he hinted pretty freely to his prisoner the bent of fus thoughts. 'If you was out o' sigbt an* done wi* thcre'd be no more bother at alL You're a stumblin'-block in the way ov everyone of as.' His captive looked merely down, bat said nothing. 'Sich dog-in-the-manger tricks,' he went on. You caru't do no good yourseT on' yon mefc things worse by preventuT everybody else doin'any.' ' If I was only a free man once more £ should be very glad to assist yon. I've told yon so before.' '* What, agen !' cried the furious gaoler. 'You'll git it yet. 'Aven't I told yer, 111 hammer yer bead In if yon keep acomin' this *blesa you, my children' business over me. Wot d'ye take me for, eb ! You bloomia' old humbug !' ' Bat it's true !' *? Get ont ! However, it's p'r'aps as well to keep it up. Mister Abnsr, be'e got notice from the parson to come home at once, an* when he gita here your time's very shore' Trenson shivered, bat did not speak. ' Blest if I think he'll mind what the parson says. Hell stay over yonder till he's picked up another geU. They do say aa them fnrrin' females are awful wheedlin' in their manners. They have naahin' black eyes, according to the books, all oil 'em.** he continued* taking the 4rh*ir next him and preparing for the usualgossip in spite of hir'W^r ' Have tkeyrr inquired Treason, with such an eager enrioaity as a child might show. ' Yet,' answered Krink, with gusto. ' Flashin' black eyes, wT arkwfline noses, an* wavy tresses of raven boo, I've read all about 'em. They're the one's to fetch a feller. None of yer baby faces, with eyes that's oaythflr bine nor black, an' hair as 'ad be red if folks didn't call it auburn otcheetaat or some o' them names, like that Cat vert's gelL 'Owever, if they gits bold on *im and indoocea him to census an* live 'ere, it won't make a sight o' difference to me. I shall bav* changed my hen for a owlet, and might as well hav* let Miss Taffy ha* nailed 1m at first.' 'All ahe wanted wfth Abner was hie money,' interrupted the other. 'Maybe,' responded Krink, coolly. '*»*hafc oogbter be a virtue in your eyes. Time was when yon were as fond ov it as ennybody.' '* At. but Krink, I've seen the error of all that. There are better things in the world, after all, than money. There's love, and sympathy, and charity, and ? ' *? Pokers !' screamed Bold, jumping op and seizing one of tbe fire irons, ** You won't tefc advice then. Fer two pins I'd knock yer head orf. You're aoamin* this 'ere every time I enters the room now. Will you stop it or won't yon ! Thai's the queschin.' M Krink, if you bad been confined here — now stop a minute until I bare bad my say — if you had been in this room twelve wearv months, with nothing to do, with no interest-^' **Nor principal.11 muttered the listener, staring at the opposite wall. ' No interest in the world at alt,' continued Trenson, unheeding this. 'If you had had nothing to look back upon but your misspent life, nothing to think of but the mischief caused by the accumulation of useless wealth, gether with that of your family— all— all— caused by greed of gold, fCriak^ you would wish, as I do, never to touch a single coin again as long aa you live. If I could only convince you of this ; if ? ' of,*' was the sarcastic interruption, ?* I'm very well convinced aa your a darned sight too good ever to be let go. Ger out !' with a sodden vehemence. ** Why, theer's more bloontin' deceit in you than in a iron mile stone ! However, it ain't no gaod. They're perfect whackers as you keeps a playin', regTr doable nines. Bat I can't go at double nines, remember, so I'm knock in'.' ' Look here. Bold Krink, if you'll let me out 111 say npthjpg iq any man about being detained here, and further, I'll execute a deed of gift, turning everything over to Abner ! '?Now!* I should think eo. What goodll that do? Ain't Abner got everythin' aa it is, without any deed at all, except,' with a grim chuckle, 'the deed Idid. Don't you be too generous with yer offers. And for the last time, don't continue preachtn' to this style. Do you remember that prisoner of Ceylon as the poetry's about? Well, if yon teles your text again from this same chapter, I'll do as they did wi1 him— shore your grab thro' a hole an' never neither speak to you nor open the door for weeks. Now then I*1 With which he departed grumbling. He had not the slightest faith in the protestations of his prisoner nor uas he able for a moment to conceive the idea that John Treason of former tiroes could by any possible mental change ever become the character now effected by him. In Krink's opinion the avri sacra Jamas was an incurable disease that death alone coold put a period to, and the alteration in Treason's character was a piece of hypocrisy, the assumption of which only marked his captive as being all the more dangerous. This view, together with the new risk consequent npon Calvert's meditated attempt, impressed him so strongly with a conviction of the necessity for strict vigilance that for some weeks be maintained absolnte sobriety, and never for a moment relaxed bis c&re; for the prisoner's safe keeping. Both he and Scrib kept a aharp lookout for Calvert, bat, either fearful that hts con versation with the lad had pat them on the alert, or from an' altered intention, he came not near, so f ar aa they could observe ; and the time grew nearer each day when the young master's return might be expected. Chapter XXXVIL— Abxsb vs America. Mr. Kennett's letter when it arrived at St. Louib lay there unclaimed for some days. Ooce it reached the hands it was intended for the effect was instantaneous. It roused Abner, as it was meant to do ; but for some time the struggle between the predilection for continued apathy and thefaintc&Llsof; reproving conscience was a hard one. The Aboer Blake who sat at the writing table of his private room in the hotel was not in appearance, at least, the same ip»' as the one who left England in the waning summer. Six, months' constant travel had given the pale face a bronzed and tanned appearance. There was a hard, firm look about Che mouth, and a heavy glance in the once keen eyes that spoke of suffering and unrest. From the day be sailed until this he had never stayed two nights in the same locality, nor, since be left his berth on the vessel, slept twice in the same bed. Travel, change, motion, these he had resolutely followed in the vain hope that by such means he could shake off the incubus of despair that weighed upon Landing at Halifax he had gone on to Quebec, and from thence into the wild lakes, the woods and mountains of the Dominion, and across into British Columbia, finding a erim delight in the desolation of the 'Rockies' and the solitudes of the great plains. From New Westminster he had travelled south to California, and turning east to Sacramento bad joarneyed throagn Dtah and the centre of Mormonism. Then striking north again he \\}mi\ passed through Wyoming* Dakota, and Minnesota to Lake Superior, and from thence through to New York. A single day in the New World's Babylon was sufficient for the wanderer, and away he -went again, south' ward this time, to Virginia, the Carolina* and Georgia, from whence be had despatched bis hut letter to Sheffield. Its reply found him moving northword once more, and stopped him on bis aimless vagrancy 1a answer definitely the question whether love of self or allegiance to duty should have the first place in his immediate future. For his his heart-sickness there bad been do balm in these wild, erratic flights. The wings of the morning carry no man beyond the realm of bis own consciousness. \Vorn out with the fatigue of constant motion awearied with the ever-changing panorama he dwelt with, the stupor of despair was still as deep as of old- Neither the snows of the Sierras Dor the Bnnshime of the Carolinian valley* coold drive from him the daily burden of deadily forlornness that held him id a nightmare's grip. From within and not from without must come the agent of new life. Not by flight, 'T-*''*ft it coold outstrip thought, was it possible for him to regain the serenity of peace ; battle was necessary, the nervef al straggle, the quickening fight. Only throngh conflict was bope attainable. Dimly at first, bat clearly and unmistak ably afterwards, there came oat of that con sideration of his friend's letter a full compre hension of the trotli. Once be saw it distinctly be rose to follow it. In hia mind the shadow of the idea had lain grasped the notion, it look lite and shape by becoming a part of it. He glanced at the letter. 'My dear Keanett,' he had written, 'I am sorry things are going bo ill Sorry that to day I feel no uearer the moment trben I should resume my labours than 1 did when [left you I have travelled over half the continent,* but though ray ' legs are aneary' my spirits are no lighter. Worn oat as I am with fatigue I would nit her teconimencc my journeys to morrow thau face the work in Sheffield. ' Nothing I can Bay will convey to you how completely I have broken down. I am somewhere about' two hundred years old if feelings go for anything, and am quite aufit to fill my old post. Oive me a few months longer in which to recover myself, and if by that time I am in no better state than now the grand ideas I cherished must go usfnlSll&L; I will accept your resignation— and— oar schemes will not be the first' that have suffered shipwreck. You talk of her working nobly on That was the point where the pea had fallen. That was where manliness had at length reasserted itself. It was easy to con dole with himself upon his own sufferings— the test came in the comparison. He rose slowly to his feet. The troth clearly sighted now, grew pUiaer and BtUl more plain. There was a atore iD the room. Presently t here w as a letter iu the stove. J ohn Rennet t will not desert hia post until he hears from me,' he exclaimed. ' When be receives a reply to that epistle it shall be from my own lips. Come ill or well I will compel myself to carry out rav laboarfi.' Already the determination at which he had arrived bad piven a new impulse to his being. The lethargy cf months fell back. The hot blood coursed again through his veins. He turned into tbe coffee-room and took np the day's paper. Tbe list of sailings showed that the City of Brussels would leave New York on the I5tb of the month. There was ample time before him. He would return in her. Chaptee XXXVUL— An Uksahsfactokt INTERVIEW'. It was six weeks since Mr. Kennett had despatched his ultimatum, and as yet there had been no reply. Rough and tempestuous weather prevailed, which might to some ertent account for thia ; but all the same, with the impatience of qmck natures, he waited eagerly and expectantly the arrival of every post. It was on tbe evening of a black, lowering day that, anxious to obtain confirmation of certain rumours he bad heard in regard to Calvert, the clergyman set off to see Bold Krink at bis home. The door was opened by Scrib, whose countenance expressed some surprise at seeing who the visitor was. ' There ain't nothin' the matter, sir ? ?* Oh, no ! I simply want a little conversa tion with Mr. Krink. Is he in r* ' Well,' answered the boy, hesitatingly. ' he's in, an* yet be ain't in, so to speak. The fact is, sir, he's en the go pretty strong. Bin as eober as a judge for a three week until yesterday, when somethin' must ha1 upset him, for he was just orful List night, an' be talked the billiest stuff about dead men. * It was a sin not to bury 'em,' he said ; an' if he w&b; a magistrate he'd make a law aa no sperrit should be allowed to alter thcopioions he had when he was alive ; an* as for weepin' ghosts an' penitent corpses, their proper place was in the cemetery, an' not ia folks* houses.* Yon never heard such stuff in your life dr.' ' He's drinking himself silly,' was the sharp reply. ' I must have you back at Mrs. Bees'e, Scrib : this is no place for you,' 'I don't want to go theer,' was the swift reply. ' She's oa'y a woman, aa' I'd a deal sooner live wi' a man. Besides, sir, Krinfc won't hart me. He never hardly eez a wrong word. We've bin havin' some fine nights while he was on tbe square. Tve bin readin* to him every night' ' What have yon been reading?' ' Oh, heaps of things. All the boxes that one day I opened 'em. They don't belong to nobody, sir, because she's dead, an' she didn't leave 'em to anybody. Well, theer's the queerest things in you evet see. The nice ciothea, just like them wimmin wears on the pictures — them actcrs. Sich Bhort petticoats an' pink stockins' an thing*1. An' wigs, too. Snch a lot 1 All sorts, gray an1 black an' yellow — long, curly 'ons.** ' Well, bat you didn't read these?' ' No, sir, I'm comm* to iu There was a lot of little books in one of 'em. Plays, Krink calls 'em, an' he says they're ac&er;'a copies, 'cos they're written on all dowo the sides an* edges, go's you can hardly see the print in some places.' 'Indeed ! then Kezia roast have been an actress, or something of chat kind.' ' Tea, eir, that's what Krink says. Well, we've bin readin* them books. Oh, it U jolly! Why, sir, they're bett'r'osams! Oh, an' yoa should see Krink, 'an bear him ! Tbe way he shouts them things oat, it's awful an* 'ad make your blood creep if they was reel. 'Specially one on 'em. Theer's & ghost in it. A reel live ghost as talks an' walks up an' down. Krink, be plays 1m, an1 pnts Mrs. Adams's shawl on, and he talks about bein' his father's sperrit, an' how be walks the night an' fasts ia fires. It's just orfol. But Hamlet— that's tbe fellow he talks to—ain't able frightened.' *? And are yon not frightened ?' ' No ; 'cos it ain't propf y reel, you know. Bat Lord, it makes yoa jamp, the way be sees it — 'specially when be comes to a Jew, a Jew, remember me f I jumps on a cheer in the corner an' screams.' The listener laughed, and Scrib continued : 'P'raps it's him readin1 tbat piece con tinually— 'coa he's alias at it — as makes him talk of ghosts when he'a drank.' ' Very likely. Well, having come so far. I'll have a word with him. Will yoa tell him I'm here ?' Tbe lad carried the message, and presently custodian of Brocco House would 'be glad to K« thegeiiieman.'' Tbe (hick cloud of strong tobacco and tbe fumes of whisk j' almost made Mr. Kennett reDent bis intrusion. However, tie was very anxious to discover, if possible, what Kriok fcueu-ofCalverfs past career, and he therefore took tbe seat indicated by the tenant of the room, determined to make the best of thiogd. His host was by no means blind to the dislike bis visitor entert&iued; to tbe surrounding atmosphere and maliciously bleu- oat thick volumes of smoke until he became almost in visible amongst them. ? * Was yoa a «'anUD* me very pertickler, sir,' be asked at length, after a few preliminary observations. ' Weil, not very particularly.' *' That's right, sir. A friendly visit's all very well, an1 a pipe an' a glass, if you'd on'y help yourself, sir, to ayther ou 'em, but I gits to positively bate that 'ere word ' bizaesa'arter seven o'clock at Bight.' ' Ha ! I dareeiy. « Well, my friend, to come to the point, I walked op here to ask you a few questions about Calvert.' *'0b, replied Krink. dryly. His interfer ence in Calvert's affairs had already led to trouble enough, and unless that individual himself called for hia attention he did not pro pose to meddle with him again. *' Yes,' went on the clergyman. ** I have an idea that something ia Calve rt'fi past life was the cause of hia daughter's sadden depar ture from Sheffield. Ia speaking to me th«t day she eaid that so long as she bore her present name it was impossible tbat there could be anythieg between her and Mr. Blake in the Bhape of marriage. It was a com men ex pression, I admit, bat, oddly enough tbe same remark was made in a letter she left for Mr. Blake. Iheardsomeweeksagothatyoahadhad arow with Calvert the day before the news of it came to me, aud that you hz& told him you could bang him if yoa chose. Then, from Babseqaent inquiries, I learnt that he knew tbe Trenson family yeare ago, and that he and Abner Trenson, Mr. Blake's uncle, went to America together. How and wby these cir enmatances should bring about such a result as Miw Calvert's action I cannot of coarse say. All the aame, I have a, strong suspicion that they are in eoroe way connected. I am per suaded yoa can assist me in the matter. Will y°Krink°p*onred out another glass of whisky, drank it eiletttly, and shook hisTiead. ' What do you know of Calvert's antece* 'Xothink. That 'ere's a drop of good whisky, sir.** '?Come now, Kriak don't be awkward. How long have you known the fellow. 'What fello#, sir V ' Calvert, of coarse.' 'Oh, him. Well, I'm sore I don't know, bat I never did know much good about him.' ' I daresay not. But how came you to tell him yoa could bang him if yoa chose V «- Bless yoa, sir, I wer' drank. Wine in, wit oat.' ' I doa't think that's the whole explanation, Krink. I'm not asking all this ont of mere curiosity. Whenever you tell me aha]! be kept secret. Ill promise you that.' ' You're very good, sir, bat there's nothink to telL Nothink-' 'Yoa positively refuse to say anything, then?' ?'Who sez I didt sir? I don't refuse no think. I know notbink ; bat if yon like me to mek fap a yarn an1 Bpin out tbe same to you 1 kin do it easily. I kin tell a lie wi' anybody.' ' Nonsense. ' It ain't nonsense. Yoa try me, Am I to start f 'What, start lying? Certainly Dot. What I want is the truth.' ' Then I know nothink— excep'— this 'ere's very good whisky. An' yon're very foolish, sir, not to git outside some'n it on a cold night Ifke this.' 'Good night, Krink. Til call again whsn you are sober.' 'Do, bit, fer I feel uncommonly tike Roin' in for the * blind and paiatic ' to-night.' Annoyed and disappointed, Mr, Kennett rose and walked out silently. Come what might he would put a stop to this kind cf thing, and amongst the rest would remove the It (ru extremely dark outside, and he stumbled in leaving tbe door. Pausing a minute to get accustomed to the Burroonding blackness, be heard the sound of someone moving against die house wall. The window of Scrib's room overlooked the neglected garden, with its thick groves of laurel, and tbe lad had not yet closed the strong shatters that protected it- There wu a light in the room, and as he stood there Kennett was quite confident that he a*w a form glide across in front of tbe window and into tbe obscurity beyond. With a quick step he followed, and rapidly searched the place. There was no one there. He went cautiously over the whole of tbe enclosure, but could find no traces of anyone. Satisfied at length tbat he must have been mistaken, he went through [he great gates, and slowly ou towards Shfffiffl^. He had not proceeded very far, however, when he heard bis name called, and pansing in bis walk saw Scrib Litton, racing beneath the gas- lamps at the top of bis fcpeed, coming rapidly after him. Chafzeb XXXIX— The Bras^-Nahxd Box. Left alone, after the clergyman's departure for Krink'a room, Scrib. hia attention diverted to ** them-play books ' by bis converhation with the visitor, naturally went to have another look at them. They bad been tied in bandies by their Ute owner, and had evidently been arranged in a given order, although to this the finder paid ao regard. He had sufficiently mastered the rudiments of reading to be *ble to get comfortably through a utory, and hia discovery of thia oiass of highly excttiite literature was *' To think no*,' he said, eyeing the leather covered brass-nailed box with a con tempt aou& glance, 'to think Duri' as a old trunk like this should ever have such a lot of good things ia it. Nobody wouldn't believe irifriey hadn't foaud 'em, same as I did. We haven't read half ou 'em neither. My word, there is a heap. Rlest if I don't get To speak rbe troth, the lad bad a perfect mania for 'countin*' or calculating. He would pore for hours over bU lessons in arithmetic with the Keenest interest aod en joyment. He h*d no sooner decided to set about the task named tbau he was engaged ia Carrying the liOK, he placed it upon the heartrog, and then, tilting its contents into a confused heap before him, he placed it at his side with a vigorous bang. Hark ! something ratiled in it. He tilted it sideways, aud seeing nothing, shook it. There it was again, the faiut jingle of coins. Thoroughly interested now, and at the saice time puzzled, he examined the trunk minutely. Passing his bands carefully along the sides and bottom, he satisfied himself that it was re&tiy; empty, and once ra're standing it npon end Bhook it to and fro. 'Its empty,' said he, ' an' yet theer's sometbin9 inside it. llieer it goes again. Money it u, too, I'll bet. I knows that rattle. Chioketty cliiuk ; where the dickens Attentively he went orer every portion of it, and eveutually concluded that the muffled sounds proceeded fnm the arched lid of the box. A closer inspection of this showed tliat there was a narrow hollow in the centre of the arch, the outside being well rounded, the inside flat. A piece of newspaper had been pasted over the uader-portion, and anon tearing ibis off a small door with a tiny ring let into it ap peared. Breathlessly and with intense eager neuBtheladlook holdof this and pulled steadily. The ting, once palled oat, released a spring, and as this flew back with a click the door opened, revealing a mall cavity barely two inches deep, a foot long, and fire or six inches vide. In it, before Scrib'e astoniehed gaze, lay a few sovereigns that glittered in the fireligbt, a roll of what appeared to be bank notes, and a packet of letters. He coasted the coins, there were thirteen of them, and then pro ceeded to examine the notes. In the midst of this work he heard Mr. Kennett's step go down the hall, and directly after the great front door closed with a bang. He was too much fascinated by the dis covery he had made to do more than note in an absent manner the clergyman's departure. What a fat roll of notes ! Carefully, after closing the box lid, he placed them upon the table, unfolding them one by one, noting their value, and mentally casting np the totals as he went through them alL 'Two hundred 'a twenty poims, an' thirteen eov'rins is two hundred and thirty three. Why the was a re^kr Jew. Would I ha' worked for anybody if I'd ha' had this lot? I don't think so.' From the notes he turned to the packet. Tossing it so that the address lay upwards he glanced carelessly at it. Its importance was small compared with the treasure he had A momentary examination of the writing upon it banished instantly that easy indif ference. His black eyes dilated and lightened np with gleams of lively iM*toniRhwn»nT. He snatched it np, and with knitted brows and quick exclamations of enrprise, re&d; and re read the address it bore. Chapter XL.— A Mysterious Theft. Impossible ! And yet there it was. Scrib waaa scholar, and '* coold read writin'.' There coold be no mistake about it. That address, if true, and doubtless it was so, explained What should be done with the packet ? To consult Krink was impossible. Ah ! Mr. Kennett had bnt jostgone out. He remembered that he had heard the door close just as he was 'fonfating the value of the notes. He could readily overtake him. It was against all Kriok'fl injunctions for him to leave the bouse without bis know ledge, for the old man always bolted the door on bis departure, and opened it to him on his return. Still this matter was nrgeot ; Krink was too far under the influence of liquor to observe bis movements ; he could pat the package in Mr Kennett'e hands, and be back again at the bouse in five minutes. Acting ou these considerationa, he put on his cap, slipped the letter in his jacket pocket, and creeping quietly down the lobby, carefully unbarred the heavy door. A momentary panae to listen if there was any sound from Krink'e quarters, and then creeping sof Uy out, he stole down the garden path, through the gateway, and sped like the wind Sbeffield warda. The clergyman, after all, bad either walked very rapidly, or had had a longer start of him | than he had imagined. He ran until he was quite breathless before he caught s'ght of him pasting leisurely beneath a lighted lamp come hundred yards in front He called ont bis name, and saw him pause. A minnte later, with panting and broken ex clamations, be had delivered the precious packet into his bands. Mr. Kennett's surprise was as marked as had been that of the lad, &ud; he stood for some moments looking from the letter to the bearer of it in amazed silence. ' Where did you find this ?*' he inquired at 'In one of Mr*. Adams's boxes. It waa hidden in a little place in the lid.' ' Indeed, Did Krink send yon after me * ' ' No, sir ; he don't know as IVe come. 1 must look sharp back, 'cos I left the door open.' ' 'Well, well! Thia is a most incompre hensible aflair. I cannot understand it at all. I wish Krink were in a soberer state, I would have gone back with you and have seen btni, my boy. The old man knows more cf i he Trenson family thin anyone living if he emild ' only be got to speak, and I think the address upon his packet would open his lips. How | ever, he's in no condition lo be de*L~t wiih tu Tell him so, Scrib. And now, good nigbt. Make what haBte you ctn back, there'*) u good lad. I think yon hare made a discovery that will be a most fortu.na.te cue in the end. Good night.' 'Goodnight, sir.' Instead of walking home, Mr. Kennett went first into Sheffield, and from the General Foot Office despatched a telegram to Miss Cohert, St. Margaret's Hospital, London. And this telegram read as follows : — ' Most important news for you. Return here as early as possible to-morrow certain. Come direct to my house.' In the meantime Master Litton had reached Brocco House again, and found everything as be bad left it, the front door slightly »jar, that of his own room quite open, and the disordered heap of papers and books he bad tippled oat of Mrs. Adams's brass-nail box awaiting bis attention. He was, however, too much excited by the event of the nigbt to resume the task of arranging them in order, and hastily tumbled them back into the Having disposed ol them he sat -Wn to think matters over, but unable to arrive at any clear eolation- of the problems that the finding of the package had given rise lo he made ready for bed. Then, and not until then, did the remembrance of the notes and money recur to him. He had laid them upon the table, fall in the light of the lamp, as he finished counting them, and in the astonishment that followed upon ths discovery of the letters that were cor - cealed with them had quite forgotten their existence until now. A momentary glance at the table showed him that they were not there, and full of eager anxiety he at once sec about looking for them in every likely place. Look where he would, however, there was no trace whatever to be found of either the gold or the notes. To the boy two hnndred and thirty-three pounds waa a princely fortune. la all probability it* late owner bad left it for Mies Calvert, and if so he, Scrib, by carelessly allowing it to be lost or stolen, had robbed her ofit. The big tears stood in his black eyes as they vainly, though incessantly, wandered here and there in a fotile quest for the missing property. As a last resource he drew the brass-nailed box out once more, and, long as the task was, went one by one over the papers and book* it contained. His investigation was fruitless. Taxing hia memory to recall all the cireuro stancee, he distinctly recollected having spread out the notes upon the table face up wards and placed the little pile of gold in the centre of them to keep them in position. That was before he had examined the package at alL Once his attention had been drawn to the address upon it he had not again gone near the table to interfere in any way with them. He was positive, quite positive, upon that point. This being so someone else must most certainly have meddled with them. Farther consideration deepened the con viction that such was the case, and a reeling of complete despair filled him as he dwelt upon it Times many had Krink impressed upon him the deep importance of never leaving the door open ; secretly he bad always considered these extreme precautions as unnecessary, bnt now his first neglect to carry out the instruction had proved disastrous beyond any thing he could have imagined. Was it possible, he wondered, that Krink himself was the thief. A short period of reflection convinced him that this was very unlikely. In the firet place, he had the most implicit faith in his friend's honesty ; in the second, if he had been minded to overhaul Mrs. Adams's property he could h*ve done so long ago witb ont incurring any risk of any kind ; and in the third, he was quite Bare Krink, if he had visited his room a&d; focmd him absent from the bouse, would under no circumstances have left the door remaining open as he (Scrib) had found it npon his return. No, Krink was not the -culprit, that wa« qaite plain. Someone mnst have come to the house during his brief absence and, of all the probable soraeones he could call to mind. Bill Calvert was by far the most likely to be the thief. The tears of grief and despair became tears of rage as the little fellow dwelt upon, the Likelihood of all their preventive measures against Calvert ending in this fashion. He crept to Krink'o room fully resolved to make a clean breast of the matter, and ask For his immediate assistance in recovering the lost property, bat Krink'e door was locked, and though he knocked until he was tired he could not get any reply. Miserable and disappointed, he went back to big chamber and, too unhappy to go to the : trouble of undressing, threw himself upon the bed in his clothes. Sleep was, however, afar off, and through' out the long night he lay there tossing rectlesly to and fro. Cixapter X LI. —A Threat axd a Respite. ' If theer's any human bein'e more inquisi tive than wimmin them bein's is parsons, ' said Krink, with drunken gravity as he closed and barred the door behind his clerical visitor. 'All the same he looked uncommonly soft when he seed theer were no proepeck of ini fennation. BUI Culvert's life is a very inter estin' thing pVaps to hear, or to tell about, but for my part I'd a deal sooner hear ov bis death any day. If the parson is desirous of knovrin' a thing or two abont him be should follow the newspaper style &u;* ' interview' him d'recL My word, wouldn't he reel 'em out to him. ? Amurkay' an' the ' stars an' stripes' in ev'ry parygraph. Fm a bii'n a liar myseV when occasion arelcs for it, but my little goes ain't in it wi' his. They're thick enof to sole shoes with.' Returning to htB room be closed the door and offered to sit down to bis lonely carou&e; once more, but alteriog bis mind he took the whisky decanter in one hand and the lamp in the other and set off upstairs. The prisoner eyed his keeper with some trepidation when he saw in what condition he ** You're the troablesomest ghost as ever existed. The nnreasonablest, mischievousett dead man as ever lived. However, theer's a end to all things, except a wagin' wheel, an* tbeer'll be an end to you 'ere this blessed ° ' What have I done now ? I'm living here quietly enough.' ' That's all IVe got to complain on. If you were dyin' here quietly enough I coold do wi' yon. However,' desperately, ' matters gits more an' more complicated every d*y, an' theer's on'y one way ont'n it — that way is — to— bary— you.' ' I'm not dead yet, Krink.' 'Then more shame for yon. Is there a prayer book in this shop V 'Just my luck ! I shall hev ter pur you &ar;&y; wi'octt even a berryin' set vice — that ia, unless you remembers it yourself.' «' Don't be silly, Krink.' ' Silly the devil ! t ain't silly I Yon ae* tbiB whisky. Well, now, I was again' to let you read the berryin* terrie* while I finished it ; now, however, as there's no prayer book. you can mek np a few petitions while I git thro' it, an* then — your time's come !' There was that in his tones that thoroughly scared the trembling old man in spite of the banter that marked them, Aod as lie sat down near the door and applied himself to the fiery liquor, John Treason's eyes never for ?- moment left the ngly face that each minute frowned more threateningly upon him. ' 111 do it with a rope, I think,** mattered Krink. 'Jf you don't kick np a row an* go strugfrlin' an' shontuT it'll be over in two There was a reckless mtschievousness about him that spoke bnt too clearly of the length to which hiB drunken fit might carry him. 'Once it's done I'm safe. Theer's « back garding where you could lay wi'oot tzonbUn,* anybody. Abner Rli'Vf* could come h—»w( an' coold do what he liked sri' this plan, bat Bold Krink wouldn't care. The little ltd down yonder aa u always a coontln1 an' a- spellin' conld romp npberean'oob'dy'd mind. The parson could come * inquixin' abont Cahrert, Calvert himsel' conld creep in here, his daughter could come home an' either marry Abner or let it alone, bnt not one ov these things would listnrb me in the least. Once I can lay yonr ghost I shall live sappy ever after.' He took a long pull at the contents of the vessel and drained it completely. Then rising to his feet and gazing round the room, be ehook hit bead mournfully. ' Not a bit of rope anywneer. r«ot a piece as 'ud hang a dog. John Trensolla you can say every prayer as you remember. Theer'fla good stout piece o1 cord below. Ill fetch it, an''tive minutes isall von've got. Understand ? I ain't jokin'. A life like this, wi' the re'gUr fear o' eomebody or other findin' yon, 'nd sicken anybody. Once an' for all 111 end it!' He straightened Mm— -if and walked with a great effort steadily to the door. Treason followed all nil motions with a fc-i~t»J stare, bnt was too terrified to say a word in reply. Krink was too far under the influence of the whisky to be amenable to any entrea ties the unfortunate prisoner might make, and from past experience he knew that such a course would in all probability only increase his anger and suspicion. He stumbled heavily through the door, and locking it with all his accustomed care, went slowly down the creaking stairs. For *- long time the old man sat in the position be had done when Krink left, waiting for his return, momentarily expecting to hear hia footfall at the door, bnt the minutes fled, and be eame not. Half an hour pawed, there was still no sign, en boar, and yet he did not pat in en appearance. Little by little Trenson regained his composure. Doubtless the drink he had taken had long bejore tins tune reoncea torn to a state of unconsciousness. ' He will regret having gone so far when he gets sober again,' be murmured, falteringly. 'And yet who knows? My God ! To be murdered by a man like Krink after all! If only Abner Blake knew what I was suffering £ am sure he would aid me,' With which empty cansohtum the poor old man crept for the last time to his humble bed in tbat lonely prison garret. OurrER XLIL— Fobxcke Smiles axd Thee ? In spite of the sharp lookout kept both by Scrib and Krink, William Calvert bad managed to keep a strict watch upon Brocco House nneeen by either of them. No chance bad taken place in his intentions, opportunity alone was the thing he waited for. A bolder mtn than himself would have found the desired chance long ere thia, but he was i pitiful coward, and wasted his weakly energies in empty cutses and vain regrets for several week?. It is very .unpleasant in a chronicle of this fciad, and in fact in a chronicle of any kind, to ?-e bamiwred with such a mean, third-rate illain as lliis was, but n.ceviity has no Cthett irus no 6rst-jUss Bcouwlrel, clever, dariiig.audinviocible ; ihevi'ryoppositeiofact «if ull these, but none the le s the agent who ua* lo bring about the unravelling of one portion of the problem amid which, unknow ingly, Abntr Blake moved. 7 lie «-oraliipper of 'Atuureau' institutions bad bat one great vice— idleness ; but one ereat virtue — amuitiun. It was the union of these two tbat produced the evil in him, for so far from one nullifyiog the good or harmful effects or the other, each in his case made alike for ill. Idleness inclined him to guilty ways of living as being presumably the easiest -a baleful fallacy ; ambition prompted him to I he same courses as being the likeliest to bring Mm quickly to the haven ol bis desirea ? eternal indolence. He was not naturally inclined to rtciousuess. Wealth and ease were all he asked. Had a Kind Providence but placed him amongst the rich ones of the earth he would have lived in the regard of all good people He would have made the decrntest of alderman, have shone in Parlia inent, even by his fluent tongue, and his strict regard for the rights of hiscUss ; would, in short, have been an ornament to society. Hundreds of Cilverts parade daily before us. accepted of all men as very good fellows indeed. They have the means he conld only coiet, and, in sober troth, the difference be tween possession and desire U all the differ ence in the world. So he hung abont the place impatiently, and thought that Providence dealt very hardly with him in postponing from day to day the golden opportunity for which he waited so longingly. Bat all things come to him that can but wait, and at last, one dnll, dark night, thefickle goddess smiled on hia ceaseless vigils. The clouds hung heavy in the north and (rest. The moon, low doiro in tee sky, fought vmioly to penetrate clearly the thick masses that obscured her rays. Grimly, bat somewhat despondently, and with no premonition of the good fortune close at hand, Calvert skulkoi in the laurels before Brocco House, as he had done nightly for weeks. The opening stroke of luck that fell to his ahare on this eventful titglit was ihe face thai the boy Scrib for tbe first time since lie harf kept watch failed to close the thutters of hU window. A boar eipht o'clock there wmea visitor. The light from the door showed it to be Mr. Kennett, for alvert to know that was lucky, since lie mast be prepared to slip away quickly when the visitor's time to depart drew nigh. When the cleigyman at length did leave the house and wa- startled by a scumble the bidden watcher m*de in creepine away, it was that light which, shining in his. eyes, dazzled his vision and ? nabled (Jalvert to get safely ont of his reach. Again it w*s tbe same happy accident that reveaJed to dim as he peered tfarogh the window the pile -f notes and gold the youngster had eo opportunely alighted npon. He watched him leave his room, and by tbe fact that he had put on his cap paessed be himself nntil he heard his feet go pattering along the high-road in the direction ot Sheffield. Once be had cone, Calvert would have given a good deal to have known the where aboats of Bold Krink ; bnt satisfied that the lad would never have dared to leave the place thus nnprotected if be bad feared detection by his fellow tentLnt'in tbe house, he made nu doubt that the custodian was not likely from BOtne canae or other to come on the scene just yet. In this belief be stepped boldly iuto the hall, and as bis first booty, made *ure of Mrs. Adams's hoard by entering Scrib 's vacant room and sweeping the tiessure at once into his pocket. Lucky in that feat, too ! He ««« fully aware, however, that his Belti of operations Imy in the old wing of the building, and lost no time iuiirossiDg from the lad's aparrment to the opposite iide. Very carefully he stepped op.tfie 'ball, and noiselessly opened the Erst door lie came to. A momentary glajice -*?tnwpd him to draw back hastily. The t umesjaTstrong tobacco *nd the equally powerful bdotir of spirits informed him that he had'' lusted upon Krink's quarters. Be listened long' and 'eagerly, but could detect no sound of anyone mori».t- in the place. A very brief consider* t ion, however, enter the room at present. The night wa.-* young as yet. Scrib mieht return at any moment, and Krink himself was liable also to appear. An entrance fcecured, his policy must now be to wait nntil tbe youngster was fast asleep, and his fellow tenant also in the sounder slumber that comes of inebriety. With this intention he gently made his way to the end of tbe hall, and finding a small dark room there he ensconced himself within it to wait with what patience he might the hoax for action. Hidden there fee heard the boy return at length. After that all was still- for a time. OaaaonaUy he fancied there were muffled dUturb him in his hiding place. Eleven strokes and.tlien twelve were totted by the old oak timet iece in the halL Ousiide tbe wind howled furiously, the sky was cleared of the drifting clouds with tbe exception of light flaky masses here and ihere that, silvered by the white moonbeams, fi-d swiftly before the gtle. 'Now, if ever, was the time for action. Stealthily, carefully, he crept forth, and once 6 re was low, bat had not entirely died out ; on tbe great square table the lamp still burned brightly. With trembling b&ud; the intruder closed tbe door again. It was evident that the guardian of the boa Be had not yet retired to rest. Perhaps— who could say * — he was waiting behind the door ready in his tiger- like srjle to pounce upon him. Calvert knew him well, and had no mind to engage with bioi. He paused in the hall, knees shooL b*ncdtli Lim, iiis heart became as lead. Then, mingled with the clamorous wind, thoroughly com preb -tided it, helped to reassure him —tbe souud of deep, stertorous breathing, the heavy snoring of a -lrunken man. His enemy wag powerless after alL He opened the door and stepped sofily into the room. By the light of theia- apheoaldBee Exink's misshapen form curled up on the hearthrug. In his rijjht hand be grasped a coil of rope, in his Wt were tbe keys of the treasure chamber. C&lvert;, hesitating as to what coarse to pursue, stood over him for rome moments. Would it be safe to ai tempt to wrest the keys from him as he lay, nr would it be better to in his sleep ?~ Ah he 'till poodrred the position, und allowing tee 'keys to fall from bifi grasp. Calvert smiled in spite of his fears as Krink again lay loglike in profound insensibility, picked up the keys. Years long and eventful had fled since qif last visit to Brocco Hoose, bat he bad a very vivid recollection of its arrangement. On the night before bis former acquaintance with it be bad carefully studied the pltn which Abner Treusen had drawn for his guidance. To night be remembered that sketch di*tinctij\ From the room where he stood a. flight of stairs led to vhit years ago had lie^n John Treason's strong chamber. He recalled with a. revengeful face of tbeoldm&nasbieho;&rds; were ruthlessly plundered, the harried flight through tbiB very apartment be stood iu, the threats and shrieks that pursued them, all tbe guilty fears that for days after dogged every hour of life. Unpleasant memories at euch a time, but memories that clang strangely to him as he stood there. With a strong effort he threw them partly behind him and advanced to the foot of the The moonlight, with a broad white band, lit op tbe landing above. He ascended no»e lessy- once in that flood of light bis shadow went grotesquely in front of him. Iu aume way it reminded him of the Abner Blake v. ho, a mere boy of barely nineteen, hud on that other occasion piloted him to the scene of plunder. Abner was dead now. Ay — he shuddered to Think of it all. Extremely unpleasant that thi'igs should come back to one's recoil ec- rion in this style after so long. So they did, howev- r, and do what he would be could not batiish them_ Abner's face as he last saw it, in tbe contortions of violent death, mingled btrxugely and persistently with the shifting shadows, and wonld not leave him. ?'PfiQawl The fool brought it upon him self !' he muttered. ' It was him or me for it. Lock said him. Fm gettin' babyish ! Which is the key, I wonder ? There's such a devil ov a lot on 'em that it 11 take an hour to to try 'em alL' At hazard be selected one. Luck again. It fitted exactly, and the ease with which the bolt moved told plainly enough that the treasure chamber was opened often. Pushing bach the door he went boldly in. m-ght have left it but yesternight. The place was lit up by the white moonbeams, and ha-1 a ghostly look. There, in the corner, dimly diacernable, uas the bed, quite undisturbed ; there too wbe-e the light fell the clearest were tbe oaken chests with their iron ribj, and tbe old high desk at which the owner had been wont to Bit and scheme for the increase of his store. Fortune did indeed at last smile upon the man she hud bo long ill-used. With firm tread he strode across the chamber and knelt beside one of the boxes. Carefully selecting a key be was about to attempt the lock when there fell oo bis ears a low, long-drawn sigh that filled the whole room for a moment and thfn sank plaintively away. Tb** courage generated hy his tide of success fled before that myBterioufi Bound. His blood froze in bis veins, bis limbs trembl-d, and his hair seemed to stand erect on his bead. He woold have fled instantly, but terror kept him fast. With Fear-stricken eyes and blanched lips he gazed dumbly round ; do thine was to be seen, nothing more to be heard, Tbe white, silent moonlight filled the whole room, except that one dark corner where stood the bed once slept npon by the dead John Trenson. Everywhere waa stillness, complete, absolute, broken at last, from w itbin, for tbe tomultuoos beating of Calvert's own heart nnw begin to Boonci painf ally plain in his ears. Listening to its loud throbbing, and reassured by tbe ^arroandiag silence, his much-tried courage came slowly back, until at length, by a hunHred reiteration?, be convinced himself that there was after all nothing whatever to be afraid of, that the snle cause of bis intense fright had been some freak of the imagina In this hope, rather than belief, he once more took the key, slid it into the lock, and with a Bharp click that scared him again sent the bolt backwards. At last! Slowly, with longing shaking fingers he lifted the heavy ltd. Ah ! There was a cloud across the moon that darkened his view. It would pass in a moment, and still peering into tbe chest he waited tbe reappearance of the U^hr. It was long in coming. He half turned his head to meet it. Heavens ! Tbe whole room was flooded *ith the white moonbeams ? The cloud wasa tall, darfc figure that.standingbetween him and the window, beot slowly forward, watching him intently. With staring, horrified eyes he gazed on the awful apparition. It was John JVeuson him self. The misty light clothed him uitb a weird unreality, but there was no miataling him. Older, more world-worn than of yore, with restless, longing gleams in his sunken eyes and a pleading look on bis pallid face, he Btood there, and with reproving glance met the For a minute there reigned the stiiluets of the dead, then advancing a single step, the old man with outstretched hands cried, in pitiful 'Caivert ! Good Calvert 1 Take me to Abner !' His voice broke the spell that had kept tbe coward there upon his koees. The very name ot ' Abner,' the man he bad elain years ago, and urbose face had haunted him ere he reached this room, was more Uun sufficient to cominca him in very truth that the spirit of John Trenson had risen before him to baulk him in bid plans, to reproach hitn with his crime. With a cry of more than mortal terror he avoided the touch of those out stretched hands th .t with bony fingers almost touched his face, and diving swiftly aside darted madly from the haunted chamber. Treasure, indeed ! D»nbly accursed must it be since it needed tbe dead to guard it. {To be continued.) 