SEVEN EPISODES Mrs. Baldwin Hodge (FOR THE SUNDAY TIMES.) EACH EPISODE IS COMPLETE IN ITSELF, YET FORMS A LINK IN A STORY OF SEVEN PARTS. FOURTH EPISODE. "Found — in the Bush." Eventide in an uninhabited bush valley in the month of June, with atmosphere only cold enough to render it exhilarating. Approaching night bears with it a glorious gloaming, for about and above the horizon is tinged with color defying description of pen or touch of brush to repeat its beauty. A red so delicate, so pale, so beautiful that no reflection from its coloring tinges the shades of coming night that lie about the solitude of the brush. The footsteps of a woman break the utter silence as her feet touch the bracken beneath them. Have you ever left dull care, or worry, or sorrow, or passion, or regret, or disappoint- ment behind you, and faced God's handi- work in all its majestic beauty, in all its grand splendor? Have you felt this, and, placing your little sorrow beside its vast- ness, lost sight of it? If you have never done this you will never be able to enter into the feelings that stirred the heart of a lonely woman in the lonely bush in a lonelier world. For it was only a hut she left — a dwelling far too small to contain the heart-burnings that consumed her beneath its roof. She walked away from it until the distance between her and it measured miles. Her troubled mind dwarfed her normally quick powers of observation, until bodily exertion numbed her mental agitation, and she saw the deepening beauty of the dying day, and her heart swelled with solemn joy within her bosom, at the lovely sight. "Oh, God! Oh, God! Oh, God!" were the only words her thoughts formulated. Interpreted the repetition might have been: How much beauty there is in Thy Universe! How beautiful the Earth, one of the least of Thy Creations! How wonderfully great Thou art and Thy Work, and how small I, one of Thy crea- tures, and how trifling my troubles! She was uneducated and rather ignorant, and a woman without little of feminine beauty of face or figure. A woman, whose inherent nobleness of character was derived solely from maternal legacy and trouble alone, owing less than nothing to training and surroundings. She drank of Nature's draught, and, without design or purpose, walked on, her burdens lightened by the temporary oblivion of their weight. The sight of an old shaft recalled her to her senses. It was old and unused, and in an out of the way corner, with nothing interesting about its appearance, if one puts aside the sentimental feeling at sight of it that its desertion is emblematic of ruined hopes, and, maybe, lives. To her it was emblematic of something more poignant, and directly painful to her feelings, for at the bottom of that shaft lay evidence that would, she felt assured, bring retribution and punishment and disgrace to those belonging and near of kin to her — the skins of animals illegally got, and illegally killed. Then, again, the previous night when those ill-grained relatives had paid a stealthy visit to the place they had returned home cursing the sport as haunted because of the sounds that issued from it breaking the silent waves of night air. Sarah M'Cann was not a nervous woman, but ghostly thoughts on a Winter's night in the bush are not reassuring company when one comes on the prostrate figure of a man lying across one's path. She was too much of a bush woman, and too accustomed to life's rough journeying to remain fearful long. She bent down, and in the half light examined the manner of man he was. His dishevelled dress and helpless appearance stilled her momentary fears. He was a man about her own age, and a man of the town; his soft white hands, scarred with scratches, and stained with soil and blood, told her that. A man of means — a gentleman in her phraseology — the fashion of his torn garments told her that. A man, dying of starvation, and famishing, and needing her help — his emaciation told her that. All the woman in her — and she was a woman to the core — cried out pityingly at his state. She put aside bewildering thoughts of his appearance, and the horrible suspicion that would assail her that his coming was the outcome of crime, and the criminals were those whose lighter evil-doing had caused her to venture there. She must save him. If the salvation meant imprisonment and dishonor it might also mean cleaning their hands of another's blood. How could she safely succor him? The night was coming quickly. He was heavy, and the way was long. She glanced at the fading pink of the horizon, at the brightening of the evening star, and with heart heavy with the sin of others, but lightened by God's glory about and above her, she knelt; and prayed the simple prayer of her childhood, and felt the pre- sence of the mother she sorrowed as dead was with her. A hut of slabs, and rough mortar, built far away from any known road in dense bush of scrub and eucalypti. A dwelling roughly put together and divided into two rooms. Inside one of these are two men smoking over a wood fire burning in the large open fireplace. The rough door opens and a woman enters quickly. The two men glanced carelessly at the woman. The elder one spoke sharply. "I wish yo'd shet tha doer," he said. "I've found yore ghost," she cried, pant- ing, as she stood near them. She looked at their faces for answering signs of guilt, but whether from intent to deceive or innocence no reply was there. "I lugged 'im to a mile 0' here," she went on. The young man looted at her sullenly, "We want na ghosts 'ere," he said, "Whar did yo' find 'em?" asked the other slowly. "War it a sheep or a — another animal." "Neither. It ware a man— a man nigh dead." They were men of few words — long allowed Sarah to do the talking, and she did it well ever since. They moved uneasily. "Yo'll git yo'self in trooble meddlin' wi' folk as mi' die," said the younger man. His interference roused Sarah. From her father she took "cheek;" from her brother she took nothing, either good or bad. "Yo' talk o' gitting inter trooble, yo' sneak," she cried. "Why, yore useless neck's already half in the noose." M'Cann the younger flared up. "Yo'll do well to 'old yore tongue, Miss Tantrims. Who's yo' tha' yo' shoul' preach ter us wi' yore airs and graces?" "And don't yo' interfere with me yo' cur," she said, contemptuously. "On'y the same mother owned us both I'd split on yo' long ago." The elder man moved uneasily. ''I reckon as yore'd both be better if yo'd keep stiller tongues." The woman said nothing, but without ostentation or secrecy walked to the chief furniture of the room — a plain cedar safe or cupboard darkened with time and wear — and took some goat's milk, and filled an empty schnapps bottle with it. "Any other woman," she muttered, "'d have a drop o'spirits at a time like this to spare, considering what comes into the house." The elder man pulled at his pipe; the younger one spat in the fire. Sarah glanced furtively at them. She distrusted their silence, and they were often silent, and determined on a course that would save the stranger's life and save their souls. Her simple mind called not the intent, but action, sin. A Spring morning. The voices of birds make music in the air, and the perfume of wattle and tiny creeping flowers make it fragrant. The deserted shaft in the dis- tance the only token of man's handiwork. A man about twenty-five crushes the flowerets beneath his feet. The Spring morning has no beauty for him; familiarity long ago gave birth to contempt. His face brightens as a woman's footsteps greet his ear. "I don't know what to think," said Sarah M'Cann, looking in the Stranger's face. " begin to think they couldn't 've done it. But if they didn't, who could have?" He looked at her simply and truthfully, as a child in pain looks at its mother. He had lost all consciousness of his pre- vious life. Had he possessed no past, and life began after his rescue from the shaft, memory could have held no greater blank. "I wish yo'd think. Yo' oughter be able to know who it was— I mean what brought yo' here. Why don't yo' try' and think?" she cried, impatiently. He looked at her in a hopeless sort of way, with something of bewilderment in his eyes. She sighed. "Well! If yo' can't I suppose yo' can't. And there's an end of it." A few days later Sarah came to him. She had been to him daily in the interval, at times when her coming and going were unlikely to be commented upon. During the months she sheltered him the spot gradually made for itself a name. The place was popularly supposed to be haunted. It was seldom the feet or incli- nation of men led them that way, but those few times a man had been seen who on near approach vanished — not one knew where. A little suffices to start a rumor, but once started it increases amazingly. Blank though his past, he was so keen about his present interests and surroundings that Sarah's evident trouble when she came to him touched him. She, usually so strong, and obstinate in her strength, appealed more to him through her weakness, and the selfish thought; that her trouble might keep her altogether from him would intrude itself. She sat down near him in a sheltered corner in response to his enquiry regarding her trouble. "I will tell yo' all," she said, "and chance whether yo' understand or no. They're had at last — the pair o' them. They've bin at it for months. The sergeant come and took 'em this mornin." The police 'll be about everywhere to-morrow, after they're committed, to see what they can see, and it's a dead certainty they'll find yo', and what kin I do. Oh! why don't yo' try and remember? It mightn't 'a bin 'em after all. D'ye think yo' could ha' bin sent to play the 'tec. on them, and they put yo' away?" But he could not remember, and she took away a heart heavy with certain disgrace, and suspicion of worse to come. A woman sits in a lonely hut over a newspaper. Outside the door a man of crippled intellect watches. Unknown to her he has followed her from the shelter she gave him. Sarah M'Cann's eyes dilated as they rested on the item she had bought the newspaper to read. This was the item: — "John M'Cann and James M'Cann, father and son, were this morning brought before the Court on a charge of cattle-stealing. Both prisoners were committed for trial." She read it with flushed cheeks and shamed countenance; but she was fond of reading, and deep though her shame was, she kept on reading, and read through the tradesmen's advertisements, the hashed news that helps to make the country paper, and began the metropolitan wires. They held a surprise for her: — "No trace whatever has been found of Mr. Rod Hallen, who disappeared some months ago. — [Mr. Rod Hallen is a promis- ing young writer. Some articles written by him under the nom-de-plume of ' Veri- tas ' appeared in these columns. His 'Enraged Relative' was published in London last year. Mr. Rod Hallen, sen., and family resided in this town many years ago, and old residents will have grateful memories of their hospitality and kind- heartedness, and sympathise with the family in their trouble. — Ed. B.T,"] Her hero was no despicable detective, then, but a man whose calling she revered almost as much as though it were God inspired, The stranger watching at the door saw her emotion, and desirous of helping her, entered the hut. She rose to her feet. "Have yo' remembered?" she cried; and hardly waiting his reply she went on: "You come from Sydney?" "I recall so much." "Yore name is Rod 'Allen." No reply. "Yo' wrote "Enraged Relative" and went ter England ter publish it." He shook his head. He was so gentle and easy managed under his affliction that but for the reverence she bore him she would have gathered him in her arms like a mother, and wept over him. "Think — yo' must; think. So much depends on it. Yore father is alive, and yo' once wrote articles for this paper. Take this, and read, and think well — until I come back by-and-bye." In an hour the past, with its little frivolous sins, its trifling pleasures, its tiny triumphs and disappointments came back to him. For days memory had been struggling for life. Directly Sarah saw his face she knew it, and the knowledge kept her dumb, and for the first time in her honest life she felt ashamed of her soil-stained garments and hands. He understood it all — and understanding it recalled her recent trouble, and her goodness to him. "Sit down Sarah," he said, gently, "I have much to tell you," and he told her of the folly that led another to attempt his destruction. "Thank God! that they be innocent" she said. "Yo' must go back at once to yore people and denounce th' wretch — " "No! Sarah. I was more blameworthy than he." "No — no." "As you will. I know you think me a great, man— whereas I am nobody. The sole valuable I possess — my life — you saved —I have found that I cannot live without you— " "No blarney — just after telling me about the other one. I want none o' yo' Sydney talk here. We're plain, and — and — we're honest; before they --." "It is because of that, Sarah, I want you to marry me. I'm a poor sort of fellow, and want some one — someone --" "Rough and ready. Don't laugh at me." He took her right hand gently in his. "I'll be honest with you, and you must answer me honestly and truthfully." Watching her face he guessed aright her secret, a secret hidden until then from even her own heart, "I believe you to be a good woman, and a strong loving one. Your womanly kindness brought me first to life, and an hour ago you gave me back more than life." "It were only natural that when yo' got stronger you'd remember things." "Perhaps. Even so, who made me stronger?" "God; he put it in me heart to go tha' way." Anyway, you worked to help me, and you must mar --" "Yore either laughin' at me or you are a bit daft yet to ask the likes o' me to marry yo'. Have yo' forgot the cattle stealing I was telling yo' of? It shows good yo' taking me on trust." At that moment she was far from plain- looking. In suitable and becoming attire her lover thought she would be a hand- some woman. "I know more of your affairs than you do of mine, so --" She looked in his eyes, and with flushed cheeks answered him. "Yo' must go to yo' friends now. If yo' still want me, and yore people don't mind, come back and ask me again." "And your answer will be?" She replied with dignity, yet gently: "When yo' come back I'll tell yo'!" And the strange part of the story is that he did come back. (To Be Continued.) 