By E. P. OPPENHEIM, Author of "The Mystery of Mr. Bernard Brown," "A Monk of Cruta," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapteb VIII.—(Continued.) We stood, there side by side for several minutes. My father was leaning' on my shoul der. The clutch of his fingers seemed to burn their way through my dress into my flesh. Ib was as though they were tipped with fire. He did not move or spealc. He kept his eyes steadfastly fixed upon the bend of the road. Suddenly a slight change flashed into his face. He leaned forward, his upper lip quivered, he shaded his eyes with his hand. I followed'his rapt gaze and in the middle of the dusty white road!could see the man now. Weil within sight ! watched him draw nearer and nearer. His carriage was • buoyant and un-English, and he carried a cane with which ho snapped off the heads of the thistles growing by the hedgeside. He seemed to be whistling softly to himself, show ing all the while those rows of white glistening teeth unpleasantly, prominent against the yellowish tinge of his cheeks. From the firsb -i bad scarcely doubted that this was the man of whom we had been talking. The coinci dence of his coming never even struck me. Ib seemed at the time as a perfectly natural thing. He came to within a yard or two of us before be appeared to recognise me. Then ho took off his hat and made me a sweeping bow. .In" the middle of it he encountered my father's steady .gaze. His hat slipped from his fingers —he stood like a man turned to stone.. His black eyes were full of horror; he looked ab my'father as a man would look at one risen from the dead. And my- father returned his gaze with a faint curious smile parting his thin lips. " Welcome to England once more, Stejjhen," my father said grimly. " You were about to address my daughter. Have you lost your way ?" The man opened his lip3 twice bsfore.he spoke. I could almost fancy that his teeth were chattering. His voice was very low and husky. . "I was going' to ask the way to Deville Court," he said., All.the time his eyes never left my father's face,. .For.sp.me reason or other they were full of wonder; my father's presence seemed to terrify him. " The way to Deville Court," my father re peated. "I am returning in that direction. I will show it to you myself. There are several turns before you get on the straight road." My father descended the hank into the road. The stranger muttered something inaudible whicb my father ignored. " Wo had better start," he said calmly. "Ib rather a long way." . The man whom my father had called Stephen hesitated and drew back. "Tho young lady," he suggested faintly, " she will come with us." "The young lady has an engagement in another direction," he said with his eyes fixed upon me. "I want you, Kate, to call upon Mr. Charlesworth and tell him to be sure to be at church to-night. You can tell him why ib is important." There was a ring in my father's tone and a light in the glance which he flashed .upon me which forbade any idea of remonstrance. Yeb at the thought of leaving those two men together a cold chili seemed to pas3 through all my veins. Something seemed to tell me that this was no ordinary meeting. The man— Eerdenstein's look of terror as he had recog nised my father was unmistakable. Even now he was afraid to go with him. Yet I was powerless. I dared not disobey ! Already the two men were walking side by side. I was left alone and the farmhouse to which my father had bidden me go lay in altogether a different direction. I.stood and -watched them pass along the lane together. Then I went on my errand. There was nothing else which I could do. I reached home in aboutan hour. Alice met meat the door. ■"Has father come in yet 2" I asked her quickly. She nodded. ■ - ' . • "About five minutesago! The walk seemed to have done him good, *' -she added. '1 He was quite cheerful and had a wonderful - color. Why, Kate! what have you been doing to yourself ? You are a3-white as a ghost. " He was alone, I suppose?" -1 asked ignor ing the. question. - - '/Alone! of course, he was alone. Come in and -havesome tea.at once. You look tired out." - 