FROM ALL QUAR ERS. The Arabs use camel's milk in place of that of the cow, and in all parts of the east sheep's milk is extensively used as a substitute for cow's milk. In Spain the goat is the domes tic substitute for the cow, that country having 4,530,000 goats. Sir William Hamilton mentions a tailor, whose name he does not give, who was blind from birth, and yet by the sense of touch alone could distinguish the patterns of Scotch plaid, used in the kilts of the Highland cos tumes, matching the cloth with all the exact- ness that might be expected of one having perfect vision. Berlin pays a salary to a profesional bird- catcher, who keeps scientific and educational institutions supplied with birds, birds' nests, and eggs, and he is the only man in the Em- pire permitted to do so. The Yerkes lens, the largest in the world, has been set in the telescope constructed for it at Chicago, the first object upon which it was turned being the planet Jupiter. The lens, which has a surface diameter of 41jin, weighs 5151b, and has been five years grinding. The latest fire-lighter consists of a fan driven by a spring and enclosed in a box, from the bottom of which runs a narrow channel containing asbestos. Paraffin oil is poured on *to the asbestos, lighted, and a small lever pulled. A strong current of air drives the flame into the coals, and a brilliant fire results in a few minu 4 well-known medical iuthority maintains that the bicycle is in a great measure re sponsible for the decrease of consumption among women. He says that the death rate from pulmonary diseases among them has sreadily declined during the. past five years, since bicycle riding has become so popular among that sex. From a certain Earl Gower, who flour ished in the last century and was great great'great.grandfather of the present Duke of Sutherland, are doesended all the Love sons, Gowers, Howards, Cavendishes, Gros venors, Russells, and Hercourtswho wa'k the face of the earth. Truly a noble and a highly-favoured progeny. A million acres of forest are out down every year to supply European railway com panies with sleepers on which the lines are laid. A man, after walking across America, 4000 miles, earning his living by lecturing at his atopping places, he having started without a penny, has arrived in Liverpool to make a similar tour through England. The mouth.of the shark contains 300 teeth, arranged in rows, all. not only pointed and keen-edged, but finely and regularly ser rated, so that the cutting power is greatly increased. Great Britain broke its record for ship building in 1896, the number of tons launched being 14,326,822, as against 1,156,671 tons in 1895. The smallest bird's egg is that of the tiny Mexican humming bird, which is scaroely larger than a pin's head. It is stated that the healthiest children in the world dwell in the Scottish Highlands. Many moen take a rest as if they were tak ing something that didn't belong to them. If all the tobacco smoked in the British Empire last year were rolled into a rope an inch in diameter, it would form a snakelike roll which, following the line of the equator, would go 30 times round the earth. Off Grand Rivibre, in Brest harbour, a frigate 150ft long, pierced by many cannon balls, was recently found by dredgers. The vessels is believed to have been sunk by the British 300 years ago. In Great Britain 2186 magazines are pub lished, of which 537 are of a religious character. There are 2396 newspapers printed, 218 of them being dailies. Fifty years ago there were only 14 dailies pub lished. Damage to the .extent of two and a-half millions of dollars was caused by a fire at Newport News, Virginia. Two piers and a largo quantity of grain and stores were de stroyed. Several ships were badly damaged. Personal estate of the value of £380,018 has been left by Mr. Daniel Nicolas de Nicols, of Regent House, Surbiton, and the Oafs Royal, 68 Regent street, restaurant propriotor and freeholder of the Empire Theatre. The first proseoution under the new bylaw designed to prohibit street-betting took place at Yarmouth on May 8, when Robert Tubby, bookmaker's clerk, was fined the maximum penalty of £5, with the alternative of one month's imprisonment. The Queen has signified her intention to confer the Victoria Cross upon Captain R. C. Nesbitt, of the Mashonalaud Mounted Police, and Trooper H. S Henderson, of the Buluwayo Field Force, for gallant conduct during the operations in South Afri3a last year. A recently patented device for telephones consists of attaching the receiving cord to the switch-lever in such a manner as to throw the telephone out of circuit when the-receiver hangs suspended, and throw it in circuit and give a signal at the central office as soon as the receiver is raised for use. Mr. Abraham Dee Bartlett, A.L.S., died on May 14,1at his residence in the Zoological Gardens, Regent's Park, after a somewhat protracted illness. The deceased, who was born in 1812, had bold the responsible ofiles of Superintendent s.f the Gardens of the Zoo logical Society of London since 1859. At the begianiog of this century 21,000,000 persons spoke English, 31,000,000 French, 30,000,000 German, 31,000,000 Russians, 26,000,000 Opanisli, and 16,000,000 Italian, Now 126,000,000 persons talk English, 80,000,000 French, 70,000 000 German, 40,000,000 Spanish, 70,000,000 Russian, andl 30,000,000 Italian. Though we think the Boors have suffered great wrong from Mr. Rhodes and his fellows, though we hate the very thought of a race war at the Cape, and though were would do all we oould.to bring the Boers to a reasonable frame of mind in regard to the breaches of the convention, we are bound to say that the Government will have the conuntry at its back if it finds it necessary to enforce the conven tion by physical force.-Spectator. Parisian street pedlars are now selling trained toads that climb little ladders and dive into water. The toads cost about 9d each. If the temperature of the armpit or the part under the tongue falls below 96deg the patient must be in a state of collapse, while anything over 110dg has rarely been reached in the worst of fevers. The Swedish traveller Sven Redin has suoceeded in crossing Northern 'Thibet, and discovered over 20 new salt lakes, four of which are of considerable size. His colleo tions are safe. Most people of to-day only know Ceylon as an island inhabited By a rather effeminate race, the Singhalee, where the industries of tea and coffee planting have gone through various vicissitudes; and but few realise that the Singhalese were once a powerful people, and that their cities and temples rivalled in splendour the greatest buildings of the East ern world.. No matter how strongly a man asserts that he dsesn't believe in ghosts, it may be doubted if he ever goes by a churchyard at midnight without feeling as if something were going to grab him from behird At present it is estimated' there are in the world'noceans 7,000,000 cubic miles-of salt, and the most astonishing thing about it is that it all this salt could be taken out in a moment the level of the water would not drop one single inch. , A trade contemporary has been making a comparison between the English prices of groceries to-day and those of the?year when the Queen began her reigt:' The results show a great cheapening of articles of fiod notwithstanding the enormous growth of demand and rapid inorbiaee of population. Thus tea, which cost 6s 4d to 14s per Ib in 1837, now coatas'from Is t 2Sa ,i; esugar, then 6d to ls, is now ld o 2d" 'end cur .,, a@SA:i;,?. rants, then 8d to ls, are now 2d to 5d. Sultanas have fallen from. Is 4d to Sd, and the peel of the Christmas pudding from Is 4d to 4d Butter is less than half its prioe in 1837, pepper about a third, and. soap still less The results of the extensive journeys in Central Asia made during the last four years by Dr. Sven Hedin, who has only recently returned to Sweden, are even more remark able than was at first supposed Not the least interesting of Dr. liven Hedin's dis coveries were the ruins of two ancient cities, now covered with the shifting sands of the desert of Gobi. Paintings and soulptures toetified to an advanced stage of civilisation. Dr. Hedin is a trained observer, and he has brought back with him from his numerous journeys vast masses of material as to the guography and geology of regions either wholly or almost wholly unknown. He has been able to settle a very long standing con troversy as to the situation of Lob Nor, and to place on the maps many important lakes in the northern plateau of Tibet, a region so inhospitable that it does not support over. a great area a single human being. Wild horses and yaks roamed these deserted high lands in immense herds, but for two months not a human being was seen. Who was John Ball, and what did he do An article in a London magazine declares that he was a great contrast with his thin melancholy face to the well-fed and well-to do farmer of Pn:ih's cartoons. The career of the real John Ball, who was a "Doctor of Musique," was one of extraor dinary brilliancy, but it had strange breaks and changes in its course. John Bull was a Somereetehire lad, and he received his early lessons in music at the Chapel Royal. At 20 years of age he was organist at Hereford Cathedral, and in 1585 hoe was recalled to London to succeed his good master Blitheman as the Chapel Royal organist. He died in 1628. A curious accident to a cyelist is reoorded It was caused by a large bundle of sticky fly-papers, which a street hawker was call. ing. A high wind was blowing at the time, and a asdden gust wrenched the papers from the man's hand, and caused them to fly in a cloud jest as the cyclist was passing. The latter rode right into them, and their stioki ness caused them to adhere to the tyres of his machine, the back of his head, and, indeed, entirely enveloped him, so that, unable to see, he came a terrible "smash" into the gutter, while the small boys gathered around with an exultant cry of "catch-'em alive." Sarah Bernhardt has had many curious freaks. She has horsewhipped a lady who insulted her; she has procured a Princess for daughter-in-law; she carries a silk-lined coffin about with her, and often sleeps in it; and for long she had as a companion a tame tigress, but the latest pet is the most extraordinary. It is an oppossum, which she found as a baby in Australia at the foot of a tree, where it had dropped from its mother's pouch. She has, says a London paper, roared it quite sucoessfully, and, what is more, has trained it to fetch and carry things at its mistress' order: . -1ý,, A magnificent mansion, made entirely of coloured glass bricks, has been planned to be built at Newport, in America, for a cnil lionaire ship merchant. This building is to be begun during the summer, and will be the first residence in the world constructed of such material end after the style of'an old Pompeian palace. An Amorioan inventor has just succeded ic completing the model of a submarine boat, which it is olaimed, will travel under water at the rate of six miles a minute, or about 360 miles in an hour. His boat is construoted on a mechanical theory which, when made known, will astonish the world. It is to be kept a scoret, however, until his patents are scsured. A queer ooeupation is that of dragging for lost anchors.' It is carried on in bays and rivers, and even in the open sea along the coast. Several sloops and schooners are en. gaged almost exclusively in this pursnit. 'she recovered anchors are generally sold again at a price of about twopence a pound, which is a halfpenny under the market price for new anchors. During 1896 the deaths of 188 persons over 90 years of age-fourteen of them being over 100-were recorded in Great Britain and Ire land. It is a somewhat ourious ciroum stance that the average longevity is greater in Scotland than it is in England, andygreater in Ireland than in Scotland, the birth-rate being largest in England and least in Ire land. The depth to which the sun's rays pene. trate water has been recently determined by the aid of photography, It has boon found that at a depth of 663ft the darkness was, to all intents and purposes, the same as that on a clear but moonless night. Sensitive plates exposed at this depth for a considerable length of time gave no evidence of light action. The web of the Madagascar spider is about to be utilised for the purpose of silk manu. facture. A French naturalist, M. Cambolle, has recently ascertained that the spider pro duces at the beginning of its work more than 100yds of thread per hour, increasing the quantity until it produces more than 150yds per hour. Special winding machines are already being sent to the island. At Prague in Austria, no fewer than nine priests have been sentenced to from fifteen days' to two months' imprieonment, and to pay heavy fines, for having noted illegally during the last election, at which scandalous scenes were enaoted, several priests being arrested 'onthe spot, while those who took to flight were puhrued by Socialists, who stormed the buildings in which they took refuge A naturalist of eminence makes the follow ing calculations in regard to the work'done by the honeybee:-When the weather is fine a worker can visit from 40 to 80 flowers in six or ten trips, and collect a grain of neatar If it visits 200 and 400 flowers, it will gather five grains. It would, therefore, take it several years to manufacture a pound of honey, which would fill about 3000 cells. Alexander Jacobys, the original Mr. Teases of Marion tOrawford's novel, has a great reputation as a prophet. He haslately declared that Queen Victoria will live until 1911, that the Prince of Wales will die in 1907, and that Sir William Harcourt will beeome Prime Minister in 1898 "The invasion of the weaker sex into business has. brought, a large number of female speculators into the field," said a stockbroker recently to the writer ''I was speaking to a prominent outsidesstookbroker a few days ago, and he told me at least 40 per cent. of the oustomers on his books were women." 