A HZBAOLE IN SYDN35Y. CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE OF PEOPLE AND VOUCHED FOR BY A PROMINENT MEMBER OF PAR LIAMENT. LOCOMOTER ATAXIA LONG CON SIDERED INCURABLE BY THE FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE WORLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CON QUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. (From the * Australian Workman/) On Thursday afternoon our representative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year- old baby. and his face declared mm to »e one ot tne happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : 'You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of va uc to those who are stricken, as I am.' * How long were you suffering r' ' Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christ mas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a Stath in Pht- dstreet, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island/ ' What were the symptons ?' * Simply indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. They were Just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones is two in every part of me. I had no control ever my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I -was incessantly shivering and shaking and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions/ * Did you make use of the order ¥ * No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a ques tion of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending roe, and did all he ould, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Pro gressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He tuld me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use cf my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible. ) Well, just as a drown ing man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case ot another boiler maker in England, whicb I read in the * Aus tralian Workman,' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I de termined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as mar vellous as it was tragical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was tbe first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left tbe bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking tbe fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recover ing my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have, never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength/ ?He is 100 per cent better,' said Mrs. Tarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. 'The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another m?n of him/ A friend who called «n at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. ? I can now,' continued Jarvis* ' have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On tbe mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at tbe change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' Such is this remarkable history, and it con 6rms that is said in all tbe chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cure wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, Mid spinal disease, also the many disorders whic ?rise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen. leader of the Labor party in the N. S. W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with tbe remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He under stood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complett recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Coy., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will toward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order 1 box for as Qd, or ?}£ dozen for 14s Mr, Thomas Jarvis Mr, Thomas Jarvis 