Things. (BY ATTICCS.) The farce of village government is played out for this season, and until June or July next Sir John and his colleagues (Heaven save the mark!) will be at liberty to jaunt about, mostly without cost to themselves as regards travelling. They will have business of an urgent private nature which will keep them from their departments for weeks at a stretch, and in order to decide whether requests for railways, tanks schools and other public buildings are wanted on the goldfields or at " Turneniup," they will have to visit these places, and by so doing purchase another session of office. They will also be able to spend heaps of the money collected from the Ouitlander section of the population in certain Boer districts without the sanction of Parliament, and. the Colonial Treasurer will come down with ano'.her Excess Bill next session, and a few hundred thousand pounds will be again voted, with the usual futile protest« from the half dozen sensible members who, knowing the utter hopelessness of protesting, yet continue to protest, against the actions of probably the most dangerous Ministry and its band of supporting political buccaneers fcl.at ever made a shameful travesty of constitutional government. Exactly as I warned you last week, the remainder of the Estimates were brought forward, and, like the cineamatographe, they were flashed before the visions of members. Even in the one instant the Colonial Treasurer got his £472,000. The man who never even pretends to know anything about his departments, the Minister of Education, was blinded with a dazzling shower of £341,000, while Farmer Piesse, the Commissioner of Railways, who, like General Fritz in the "Grand Duchess," was put into Railways and Public Works because he knows nothing about 'em, was struck senseless with a blow from behind from a bag containing over £1,894,000. There were a few forlorn hopes which stormed the outworks of the impassive mob of Boers, and a few dirty Ouitlanders, who, shameful to say, have been bought, political body and soul, to a man by the Government. The stormers broke through these and got at the Colonial Treasurer. They girded and baited and swarmed round him. They pricked and goaded him like matadors round a bull, but unfortunately there were not enough of them, and there was no toreador, no one to have given the " bull" his coup de grace even if there had been. Those pow-wowers, Illingworth, Simpson, Wilson, Yosper and Oldham—and, in a lesser degree, George, who, unfortunately, represents a district where the farmers who don't farm are a strong electoral factor—fought like Trojans. I don't think the Ministry ever were "sooled" like it before. They sat and squirmed, conscious of their impotency to retort, but fully seized of the fact that they had their majority safe. Illingworth and Simpson drove it home into them. They demanded, iterated and reiterated, but of course -the information they wanted couldn't be given, simply because it was not possible to give it in any defensible form, and it would have been disgraceful in any case. But the Colonial Treasurer was never in a hotter corner. Hewas red and angry, and he halted and hesitated, and I have 11b doubt swore internally. Butof course the bull-baiting came to an end. There were , no supporters outside the group named of these two latter doughty champions, and they were simply beaten by the solid weight of flesh, including the younger brother, against them. Most of the goldfield members were - afraid to speak. They all have axes to grind and favors to get, and where they do not, as in the case of Moran, stand out as supporters of the Government, they are afraid to protest against the nefarious and iniquitous distribution of public money for fear they tnay not get a turn at the grindstone. They are fools, and ignorant of the nature of the " Boers," Men like Morgans, Moran, Gregory, Kingsmill and Conolly ought to know that they do not get one penny for their constituencies because of their political attitude towards the Government. They oujht to know that they are face to face with a race of people at once the most astute, wily, and cunning on earth. If these members were on the front benches of the Opposition, the money for tanks, wells, and public bu'ldings for the fields would be forthcoming just as it is now. <. .. Do you suppose this race do not, like the Roman conquerors of old, know too well wi:ere every shilling they posse s comes from ? Do they not know that some seventy or eighty thousand foreigners are moiling, toiling ani sweating on the fields for them ? That these people dig for and extract the gold, and that eventually nineteen pennyweights of every ounce will come into the hands of this unspeakable race of W.A. Bosr? ? You might think that all this hurlyburly I h ive described is the outcome of an attack of nightmare engendered by eating apples at 3s per pound (this price being paid for them because they are vegetable curiosities, that is, they were grown in Western Australia); but it all occurred, I assure you. The reason you l ave not heard of it is that the suppression of everything which reflects upon the infallibility of the Forrest Government, or in the slightest degree tends to show that this little Gehenna is not a heaven of political life, is an integral part of the newspaper ethics of Boerland. If one wish?s to see in concrete form an earthly trinity let him trouble to notice what a perfect " conspiracy of. silence " exists between the Boers, their Government, and their press." Hardheaded men of business, who note the concentrated stupidity of the so-called political administration of this settlement, who know very well that this stupidity, combined with the densest ignorance of finance is going to bring a hornet's nest about our ears, men who like Illingworth, Simpson, Wilson, and Vosper, give the Government " rats " at nearly every sitting of a so-called Parliament, are never reported by the conspirators of the press, unless they say something weak, or incautiously in the heat of an angry debate utter words which enables the elephantine Boer to sit upon them. Then they are reported in full, and their humiliation given to the public. If you wish to read what these men really gray, advertise for that literary curiosity, a copy of Hansard. No ; the Maiden Lady may fight the youuger brother whenever she gets a chance, she may spring a leader upon him as she did last week anent the amendment of the Municipal Institutions Act (which by the way is only two years old), but when it comes to hushing up anything which reflects in anj way upon the Government there is an unanimity of feeling which is the most perfect thing of its kind. You c&n; see, therefore, why the voices of the very few men who have the courage to oppose a Government, to which Paul Kruger's is a nest of playful kittens are not heard by the public. The younger brother will not, and the Maiden Lady dare not, until she has made the money she wants to settle her for life. Of course there is always the unforeseen." The-Government may irritate her again as it did over the rascally distribution of the advertising subsidies, and she may yet anger although she could not surprise Sir John and his colleagues (?) with her revelations. Also, she may in the plenitude of; her power dismiss them from office. (You must remember she runs them.^ Anyhow until it is no longer ppssible for the press conspirator£^o,hang together (I wish they did) the pow-wowers who oppose the Government will only be reported when they are made to appear humiliated in the eyes of the people. And the speecli of Farmer Piesse! Wasn't it interesting ? ! ! ! Clear as mud. Halting, stammering, and confusing.' These were its chief characteristics. As one listened, and thought he was talking about dredging, it was later on seen it was about public buildings, at places where there is no public. There was an air of caution, w!a. caution, in spots. Thus "The Perth racecourse line had been completed, and it was hoped that it would bring in a considerable amount of revenue. The Bunbury racecourse line had also been completed.'" The shrewd old Hodge didn't hope for revenue in this case, you notice. It's quite sufficient to spend money on Bunbury, and even to expect any revenue from the village was too much for his imagination. I'll wager him his flour mill against my original Perth town grant—I mean the one on which the Post Office is built, which comes to me when the present lease has expired—that the Bunbury racecourse 1 ne won't pay interest on the dog-spikes, leaving the rest of the capital account out of the question. I will wager, also, that the Perth line to the racecourse won't pay interest on cost of construction. And I will tell Farmer Piesse more, maybe (but I don't think) to his surprise. I tell him straight that he is dead o it in his estimate of revenue from the State railways for 1897-8. I don't believe he knows anything about the subject; and when he brought his figures forward he had either been fooled by his traffic heads and accountants, or that the press reported him incorrectly. If neither of these, then his own figures were wrong. I tell him his receipts won't reach his expenditure by many tens of thousands o: pounds. There will be ex'ra mileage to provide for, and fewer people to travel. If his figures satisfied the Pow-wow Chamber this session, what will it have to say when the actual results are put before it next session ? And if he is Commissioner then, what will he have to say ? Simply, I presume, that he regrets his estimate was wrong. At present his statements are looked upon as oracular. They won't be in December, 1898. That awful revelation, too, about Wyndham—the last place on earth, and ten miles beyond the end of it! How the money is flying out there ! '» Money makes the mare to go, But Piesse makes the money go," to alter an old rhyme. Did you notice how the brothers stuck together in this act of political public spoiliation ? The one gives and the other receives. Illingworth not only dtove the nail home, but clinched it on the other side, when he said from his seat:— " They (the Government) had tricked the House into the expenditure of money which would not otherwise have been authorised. The practice was unfair to the House. It waB not a just way of dealing with the public funds." Not a just way ! By St. Gengulphus, the punishment meted out to public men for such a mis-use of public funds 300 years ago would have been a block of wood and a sharp chopper. Unfortunately for public morality, there's no risk of that kind nowadays, and if the outer cuticle of public men is in substance analogous to that of the African rhinocerous, they can stand the only punishment now awarded—public contempt. And their epidermi being sufficiently thick and tough,{the Government stood it, and after all were rewarded by getting their figures accepted, not by reason of their inherent honesty, but simply because of the Xmas pudding. And the pow-wower for Coolgardie, he was served nicely for his faithful support of the crew, wasn't he ? He wanted an expression of opinion from the pow-wowers that it was desirable a railway six miles long, from Coolgardie to Bonnievale, should be constructed. And he was sat upon. The Colonial Treasurer objected to "private members interfering with the financial arrangements of the Government." Upon my yord, I really think he regards the House as simply a place to which he can retire from his own drawing-room, and that he is as much master in one as the other. T wonder what the devil private members are sent to. the House for but to interfere, and if possible put an effectual stopper on many of the financial arrangements of the Government. I- cannot say I am sorry for the snubb ng the pow-wower got. He has to buy his experience of the W.A. Boers, as we all have. He will gather clearly from this episode that he musn't come between the wind and any of the Boer nobility. Financial arrangements of the Government indeed ! A sweet little episode their financial arrangements in connection with the del ate over the report of the Government Storekeeper's Department, wasn't it ? The Colonial Treasurer evidently thinks his Government is a new and infallible religion, and anyone who dates question its absolute efficacy should go to the stake. I don't mean the indiarubber article of that name the younger brother is so interested in, but the genuine old-fashioned one surrounded by cords of dry wood, at which Cranmer and others suffered their " baptism of fire,' and didn't get over it. To the Colonial Treasurer it seemed a trifle that of a balance represented as £700,000 in cash, some £3 i^,000 should be found to mean 'anything, from an unused (because useless) crane to several hundred kegs of out < f date bolts.. And driven into a corner, the C.T. at last fell back on his autocratic position, and when pow-wower L ake rounded him up in a corner of the political stockyard and said it was represented as cash and was not cash, his reply wascharmingin its naivette:— The Colonial Treasurer: A stale argument; you come back to it every day.) None the less valuable, replied Leake, and he would continue to come back to it until they altered it. (The Colonial Treasurer : What alteration do you suggest?) Said Leake, show it iu its proper place. The balauce sheet in the Auditor-General's report showed a balance of £700,307 128. Id. •represented as cash, whereas this report showed £315,362 4s. 7d. as stores. The Colonial Treasurer : We show what is cash. Mr. Illingworth said the accounts did not show the position properly. The Colonial Treasurer : Oh, you are a great financier. We are not. (This last being strictly correct was met with laughter from the Government benches.) Then came the clever retort from Leake—That is just it, and we want to teach you the rudiments of your business. If the accounts showed such a wonderful financial muddle as that, the House was justified in taking off £25,000 from these stores and handing it over to the man who kept his department better. There had been an over-estimate of the cash in hand, and yet the Government were spending up to the full amount on the Estimates, consequently treating the stores as cash. If the Estimates at the end of the year Bhould be less than was supposed, where would they be? Somehow this knock-down was not met with Government laughter. It didn't seem to see where the laugh came in. But in regard to the pregnant final sentence, " If the revenue at the end of the year should be less than the Estimates, where would they be ?" It doesn't want an insured A.A1 at Lloyd's prophet to tell 'em that. I know not only where they would be, but where they will be. In the very heart of a devil of a mess ! Yes, unless some other miracle comes along in the shape of a huge permanent fresh water spout, midway between Kalgoorlie and Lawler's, which will inundate one half the country, while the other half is found to be a huge network of ten ounce reefs, the Government of W.A. will by this time next year, be in'a" devil of a mess." One of the observations made during the " stores" wrangle which struck one as singularly forcible, was by pow-wower Simpson, when he said, " If the men in England who find the money to open up the resources of the colony were in this House to-night, and heard the discussion on this 4 balance-sheet,' do you think they would advance any more money ?" No, not one penny 1 It does not need the mfcn in England to be in the House to listen. They know already, and that is where we shall find our difficulty. W.A. is by no means a first-class security in the .eyes of London financiers. We shall have to pay pretty stiffly for our nejct loan, if not in interest, then in charges, because there will be uphill work in plenty to get it. For the first time since the rush of gold-seekers, Sir John is going to have a change of role. Hitherto he has played a part not unknown to Premiers of other Australasian colonies. He has had an embarrasment of riches, and like them he has achieved a reputation on the strength of this borrowed money. It's so infernally easy to spend, particularly when someone else "pays the piper." Sir John has played with nearly four millions in as many years, and is a Heaven- sent Premier. Now, with a steadily declining customs and mining revenue, with much less cash coming in from postages, cables, and telegram?, with impending decreases on railway receipts, and on the other hand his administration committed to an increased expenditure on education and lands, we shall see him in the " day of his adversity." It's then I shall want to see whether lie is the God-given guardian of W.A. the Boors and others (not Boers) assert he is. He has had a "good time" for a longer period than most of his colonial confreres. While the cash held out, there hasn't been anyone to come within coo-ee of him, but the tide has just commenced to turn. A diminishing revenue on the one hand, and double the demands for extra expenditure on the other, that is the prospect for the coming year. I shall watch with much interest how he deals with his new study. It will be one (unless his usual luck stands to him) which will test the great, and statesmanlike qualities he is credited with possessing. And we shall also see whether he is at the end of 1898 the idol of his people, who are not of the build to forgive him should he fail in feeding them with gold, as he has done for the last five years. The monthly return of expenditure for November is a pretty little illustration of my remarks above as to the prospects ahead for the Premier. As we already know, the revenue for the past month was £243,000. We are now officially informed that the Government spent in the same period £330,000, a balance on the wrong aide of £87,000. Of this amount however, £22,000 will be charged from Revenue to Loan Account. In other words the money has been temporarily used out of the daily takings over the counter, and it will as soon as we can borrow money be replaced in the till. This leaves a net excess expediturc over income of £65,000. We are going the pace a bit are we not ? This, too, is only the beginning. Thus the Maiden Lady in one of her guinea leaders, last week :— That Perth is in a most shameful condition and needs a large sum of money to be spent upon its wants is certain enough. No one can walk through the dirty streets of the dirtiest capital of Australia without feelin this. . . . The present PKEMIER, or his successor, must find money needed for sewerage purposes if he allows the city to beBO loaded with debt that it cannot get the means to provide itself with sewerage drainage, as distinguished from mere water drainage. The State muBt in that case come to the rescue. SIB JOHN FOBBEST in his action resembles the OBtrich which hides itself in the Band, andBO imagines it escapes all danger. But whatever the steps taken may be there must be sewerage. "Or his successor," solemnly impressive words these. Does the dear sweet old girl, like the vultures we read about and so seldom see, except in £5 10s sac-suits, really scent the impending feast ? Is she getting ready to run to the city walls (of course we have no city walls, but then I must fill in as many appropriate allegories as I can for Christmas week) and cry with a loud voice (another allegory, because we know she hasn't a loud voice, only a squeaky one), " The King is dead, long live the King?" (This is a quotation: it is not original.) And is she going to take the new ruler under her—I was going to say maternal wing, but being a maiden lady, this expression would be impossible, so I will call them "maiden pinions." This sounds as well, and isn't so often levied upon. And is she.going to run him ana protect him? And is she going to keep out of her paper all the nasty things that you may be sure will be said about him i* And then, if she doesn't get more of the advertising money than the very, very near relative ^ets, will there be some more (guinea) committal and condemnatory leaders ? I am so sorry for it all, because they were, only yesterday, such a happy, united family. No quarrels about money matters; they were all getting " fair dues," and now—ah me ! ah me ! and lack-a-day ! It's all that wicked younger brother, you know. Is he really Mephistopheles going about in short trousers ? You remember what I said about him some time since—"He'll wreck the Ministry yet." Have we gone back to the Stone Age ? I ask the question now because, although, as I have previously pointed out, neither Premier, his managers of branches, nor Upper or Lower powwowers—saving the " devil's own " little crowd—have as yet the faintest conception of the meaning of Constitutional Government; yet one would think their methods should by this time show a little less primitiveness. They need not be so absolutely pre- Adamite. That little job of the " tack " on to the Amending Municipal Institutions Act of an authority to the Champion Worst City Council to borrow £250,000 (if they can) is an example of " Stone Age" methods. Of course I take into consideration that " blood is thicker than water" (this would have been an original, only some fellow said it before I did), and that the "Premier" brother was naturally desirous of signalising the return to power of the "Mayor" brother, particularly as the latter has expressed a determination to do some "high kicking" if the C.W.C.C.didn't mend its v ays (I don't mean repuir its roads, because that's too heavy a problem for it to tackle). And, by St. Potts, he is kicking high already, as Molloy, Jay-Pee, has found out. But no sensible person thought that the Premier brother would make a sensation for the sake of the Mayor brother, not by giving him money, but by putting his official endorsement, as it were, at the back of a bill, and thus enable him to raise some. That the brothers should have kept their little game a family secret till tue moment to tackle the lower pow-wowers came, and then knock the latter out in one round, showed so little imagination, discretion and the lack of even the rudiments of common sense as to excite wonder. The city requires money to be spent on it. In fact, both it and its sister «ity, "Coomassie," require a devil of a lot of cleaning. The C.W.C.C., has no money, it never will have with its family host living on it. The Government was in serions jeopardy of being called upon to provide funds. Seeing the opportunity of making the Mayor brother's reign memorable and staving off an impending request for a big money gift, the Premier brother struck a double and did the trick. The lower powers, in fearful haste to get out of school, accepted the position, did not care a d—n what the " Municipal Institutions " bill was, and passed the Amending Bill. Had it been a measure to rescind its previous resolution to pay members of Parliament regular weekly wages, it would have passed all the same. Thus to the people of the •ettlement is presented the unique and novel spectacle of a money clause involving a quarter of a million pinned on to a bill to reduce the width of back lanes. I wonder could a wild "Gaiety" farce go further in the way of damtomfoolery than this ? Of course the deepest blot on the whole business is its intense doublebat relied clumsiness. It is so magnificently stupid in conception, outline and plan, that I venture to repeat my opening question—Have we gone back to' the * ( stone age ?" There is just the ghost of a show out of the mess into which the rash precipitation of the Siamese twins has got u->. The bill may be found to be ultra vires of law as it is of common sense, and may go no further. This tacking on of money clauses is a dangerous game to play when dealing with public bills, and it may be open to question whether the measu e in question is, in th's connection, a public bill. At least half-a-dozen Ministers have found their political funeral obsequies going on, by doing the same thing, and one Governor was recalled in disgrace for assenting to a similar measure. Anothei; loophole of escape is that the top pow--vowers may throw the bill out. This is just what its fate should be, " thrown^^J^L-on ihe dust heap. As a shigfffo ^ thq arrogance of uiww jitid'-'ji^ display of iml c.eatures on t> men, who are old tradition to rSfcfWjS^nt the interests of the people, it prizes. Should the precious _ chief citizen of the city and his horde of second citizens can go and get £250,000 and buy a site for a Town Hall, construct another brilliantly successful tramway to the un-sanitary depot, and make another contract with the Ancient Egyptian Gas Company (Perth branch) to light some more of the leading streets in say ten years. A few more cart loads of loose sand can be dumped down on hard footpaths and left there, and altogether the C.W.C.C. can, while the meney lasts, have a wild time of it. The ratepayers can easily pay interest, and eventually the principal, particuarly as they are in the midst of " unexampled prosperity," and Perth is brimful of busine-s.. The Adelaide Steamship Company Limited is a very lucky company of "adventurers," which, I think, was the old-fashioned appellation bestowed upon merchants who " went down to the sea in ships." In W.A. the word is regarded as signifying contempt. It was a word of scorn thrown at certain syndicates some years ago by our lofty-mindeJ Premier when these said syndicates wanted certain concessions and offered to plank down cash as an evidence of their bona fides. They were stigmatised " adventurers" all the same. Revenons. The Adelaide Steamship Co. gets the best berths, it appears to have the run of the Government telegraph wires, and generally " favored nation" treatment is accorded it by our patriotic Government. I dare say you will thoroughly understand why this is when you look over the list of local shareholders. They are all on it.. Same old crowd. Just now I am watching with a mild curiosity the outcome of a few little questions which pow-wower Solomon, M.P., who, I think, represents Fremantle, the town which after Bunbury and Perth ranks first in importance, is putting to the Government from his place in the Chamber. This is written before the questions are answered. There is nothing novel in them. Oh, dear no. They are all of a piece and parcel with crops of the same whieh are being put every day to our pure Government: 1\. Is it a fact that the B.B. Marloo brought Bome frozen meat to Fremantle, part of which was Bold to the Adelaide s.e. Company, and on which duty was not paid.' 2\. Is it a fact that the ship Timaru which happens (unlucky ship) not to belong to the Adelaide B.B. Company, brought some frozen meat to Fremantle for her own uee t and was compelled to pay duty before being allowed to take it away again, although it.was for her own consumption? 3\. Whether there is any reason why the Adelaide as. Company should have special advantages over other companies with regard to the importation of frozen meat. 4\. Whether the Adelaide B.S. Company was given such special advantages. Had Solomon, M.P., possessed%ll of the wisdom of his great progenitor, his questions would have been put in logical sequence. Thus No. 8 should have been No. 1, No. 1 No. 2, No. 2 No. 3, and No, 4 as it stands. I can I think anticipate the answers. These will be:— No. 1. Not to my knowledge. No. 2. No such information has reached me. No. 3. No reason that I am aware of. No. 4. Not to my knowledge, but I will have enquiries made. Either this or some magnificent departmental lie will have to*be told or some elaborate reason invented. But deep down in every man's heart, Boer or Ouitlander, the real reason why fish is made of one company and flesh of another is patent. fjbpk at the list of local shareholders. J We know why the frs&en; meat company's transhipment -trade was deliberately stamped out. and we have here another example of the nefarious Hbuse-of practically uncontrolled power for the jealous guardianship of family interests. How long, 0, Lord; how long? • • • The Perth Ice Company is one ©f the very choice Boer institutions. It appears that a Boer was shipwrecked a few years since on the desert coast of England. Having made his way inland he found the natives using a semi- transparent substance which burnt his mouth when he bit it. It was used in hot weather to cool things. He communicated his discovery to his fellow Boers on his return, and then it was ascertained that his discovery was not quite a new one, that the substance was called " ice," and that it was known to the an ient Greeks, who used it in its uncongealed state to cool wine with. 1 th nk it was in 1892, it was first used in Perth. It would have be n in use sooner only it cost a little money to make it; so that's the reasou it wasn't used sooner. There was no great enthusiasm displayed by the Boers e\en when it was made, because it had to be bought, and this fact again meant money. With the rush of gold-miners a new impetus was given, and now the substance is in general consumption, except, of course, by the Boer-, some of whom are, however, overcoming a natural reluctance to anything which has bo much water in it, and are using it sparingly. The Perth Ice Co. was formed and went ahead slowly. Later on it developed slowly. The other day it ventured to instal its own e ectric light, and this was deemed of such importance that a mild shivoo became necessary. The shivoo came off, and during its progress (light refreshments, I presume, this being a distinctive Boer feature at their sorrowful jollifications) there was an announcement by the chairman so startling that it or the light refreshments fairly staggered me. He said—and I do not think I misunderstood him— THE COMPANY HAD HAD NO ASSISTANCE FROM THE GOVERNMENT. He said this with an air of proud humility, which convinced me he regarded it as very novel. By Heaven, if it is true, it is the only Boer venture of importance since constitutional Government was granted that did not make a grab at the udder of the old milch cow. There's something so unnatural about it that I am afraid the light refreshm—&c.;, &c.;, &c.; Please imagine,the rest. I had a prevision that I should be taken in, but still there was a latent curiosity as to, what she had done, and it must be gratified, so, like the idiot I am naturally, I paid my shilling for the Maiden Lady's Christmas effort. " I wasn't happy till. I got it" (slightly altered), and I haven't been happy since. I shouldn't have cared so much had it been a pound, for then I might have exercised a little caution, but being a shilling, I was reckless, and, as I might have known beforehand, fou;.d I was " done." I gauged that infinitesimal part of the old girl's anatomy, which out of pure politeness and because I should like to be understood, I must reluctantly call her heart, long since, and I knew it wasn't large enough to induce her to go *o any expense to properly produce a work about which she has been bragging daily for many weeks. I found my estimate of her bounteous nature was correct. The 132 pages promised had dwindled down to 112, including covers. Of these 112 pages, 54 were paid advertisements, the remaining 58 being filled as follows:—9 by the faked yarn concerning the murder of one portion of the crew of the ship Batavia, commanded by Commodore Pelsart, after she went ashore at the Abrolhos, just off Geraldton, in 1629, about 4 to an advertisement of Government House House, 29 to short stories chiefly by amateurs who bask in the sunshine of such names as "Koradi," "Roma White," &c.; Ti ese are of more or less merit—chiefly less. There are also one or two (very short) by novelists whose books are read, and the remaining 20 by cuttings from newspapers and reports from the daily and weekly (very weakly) papers. You can judge how lively this section of the produ 1 tion must be. There are 242 illustrations. About 159 are advertisement photos sent in by the pe, pie who paid for this business luxury. Nineteen are reprints to illustrate the Pelsart episode. Some 10 or 12 are new photographs, and the balance good old wheezes which have done duty in her pages or outside photographers' doors at any time for years past. These latter are in most instances blurred, indistinct, and a libel on the arts of photography and engraving, they are so badly turned out. By comparison with special numbers issued out by such papers as the Clarion and the goldfields journals, the old girl's work is just a trifle of 5000 years behind, that is in point ef merit In fact she hasn't it in her to open her heart and print such a work as should be a credit to Perth. Why should she 1 She sold, I am told, all she printed, and she will have made from £1000 to £1500 out of a Christmas issue over which she must have spent at least tuppence. And the letterpress ! ! Read the introduction to the Pelsart story, and judge for yourself. It's full of errors of ommission, commission, and confused dates. Lines have been transposed, and inaccuracies abound. Neither is there one grain of information about the colony from end to end. One can see the work has been done in the office in order to save expense, by the bad reading. However, there it is, and if anyone bold enough to.come forward and say from a profound sense of conviction that the whole mass of second hand nonsense is worth one shilling he can have my copy for one penny. But the Maiden Lady has sold the whole lot. She has made htr money. She is content, and I'm not. I want my hob returned. She ought to send it as " conscience money." Thus the Maiden Lady in her leader of the 20th, commenting on the little game of the Corsicah Brothers, in connection with that, hey presto, here you are, £250,000. The Premier fell in with the proposal of Mr. Forrest with a heartiness which spoke of a complete inability to make up his mind as to what to do in regard to deep sewerage. Now this is justa wee bit unreasonable. Let us suppose you have a sister, and the young man you liked was ineligible, and the young man your father liked was eligible. If your sister voluuteered to take the troublesome eligible and keep him engaged in conversation in the front parlor, while you spooned over tho back fence with the other, would you not feel you had a sister who was just too sweet ? Of course you would. Very well. Says Jack to Alick :— " This thing is causing me a lot of worry. I wish the whole question of deep and shallow sewerage was in blaz—. Look here, Jack, says Alick, get your crowd to authorise me to borrow that £250,000, and I'll take the whole matter on my shoulders. Ask 'em— they'll do anything you tell 'em to." " Do you really mean this, Alick my boy V " I do indeed, Jack." " Well, you are something like a brother. Look here, old chap, do this for me and anything you want done I'll do it. The House will be closed, thank the Lord, for half a year, and I am free now to do as I like. I'll repay this kindness, Alick my boy, see if I don't." There, my good woman, you have the whole situation. What's the good of snapping about it ? It's only one more job. It will be lost among a thousand others. In the same leader she says :— " That some relief may be given by bores is possible." I never heari of " bores " giving relief, have you ? The only relief I've ever heard of is when you get away from them. But then I remember we are at the antipodes, and of course the effect•* may be different. Mr. Emotional Legislation James, M.P., is really developing—not into a new woman, mind, or any nonsense of that kind. But that wouldn't be development—it would be evolution. No, I mean he is developing sterling qualities. During the debate on the " tick" nonsense he actually said to our only Right Honorable, " You may throw as many stones at me as you like." Now this is the real early Christian martyr spirit. I wish I had some of it. I fancy if the Right Hon. threw a stone at me, I should do the retort courteous with 'arf a brick. Not that one could do much damage with half a Perth brick. It would be dust before it reached the object aimed at. Perth bricks cannot stand the strong air of the place—they are so sensitively delicate. Anyhow, James, M.P., is, as you see, developing. I hear the ladies are subscribing for a " rational costume " for him to use in his bike rides. This is for championing their cause recently. They are unanimous in opinion that " he's such a love !" Do you know, there is something refreshing about the younger brother. To me he is a Kola nut tonic. He sets me up, braces my nerves,. makes me feel that if I met Tischler (he's my tailor) I could look him full in the face. You understand. Did yon notice what he said in the Pow- wow Cham ber last week during the debate on the Lady Broome annuity question? He said, referring to the old deadly quarrel between his brother and Gover nor Broome : " That his brother and himself had fought for what they considered to be the rights of the people ! " Everyone believed him. Isn't he real good ? Kola nut and pale pills for pink people rolled into one. What a lovely buggy pair he and Trenwith would make, eh ? The Maiden Lady has apparently engaged a new poet, and he has knocked the wild white spindrift journalist-pressman of the sub-editorial staff kite high. When I use the term " engaged," I don't mean to infer he has gone on the staff, for that implies payment of a small (but regular) screw, and that again implies a spasm of self-sacrifice on the part of the female Synoder which she cannot bring herself to, after spending so much in cuttings and clippings from her own and other papers, and in paying large sums to amateur authors for her shilling Christmas number. I am sure the new Tennyson is not a pressman, because he refers to editorial injunctions not to do this or that, and calls his editor " my chief." All would-be newspaper slabs when in the bud, do this. It's a disease like the Codlin moth, and very contagious. Anyhow, the new Tennyson has been sent down to do some of these agricultural areas, where live potato-growers who want their land drained at other people's expense, and farmers who don't farm, who want their land irrigated at other people's expense. He has gone into scenic and blackboy rhapsodies over the natural beauties of the Murray country. I quote some of his passages, and am only sorry I cannot give the whole article written by this new specimen - of land agent. His name in full is S.H.W., and as his description is too funny for anything, I should like to know him, so as to introduce him to "my chief" with a view to sending him up to Southern Cross, Siberia, the Ninety-mile, and other delightful spots, which ought to be described by him to get them properly appreciated : The public generally, the tourist, the globe-trotter who comes and goes, and slanderously says he saw very little to admire in the natural features of the colony, are as familiar with the epitaph of an undiscovered Egyptian mummy as with what is to be seen along the course of the Murray. The men who have been there have been too intent upou their traverses or mustering stock to have an eye for beauty or time for writing to the Press, and so the hidden jewel has never been brought to journalistic light. The injunction of my chief iB upon me not to be too " flowery " in my notes. I shall therefore keep them to little more than an inventory in the soberest of prose, while the subject is one that could hardly be done justice to in the poetical flights of a Wordsworth. But however chained ja man may be to official formula on this page, I do not envy the invertebrate who can 6ee prospect after prospect opening out before him along the bed of one of the prettiest rivers in the world without feeling that it is good to enjoy the simple luxury or physical existence in the free bright air among the big gum trees on the towering hillsides. I confess, if I may be permitted one discursive remark without incurring the fell stroke of the blue pencil, that, looking upon the scenes I pass by on the silvery winding water, the cascades, the islets and rapidB at Granite Bar, that a Western Australian native could ask with a glow of pride as Soott asked of the land of the brown heath and the shaggy hills— " Lives there a man with soul so dead Who never to himself has said. This is my own my native land V' I think, instead of quoting Sir Walter, an unconsidered trifle or two of his own would have been much better. Scott isn't in it with S.H.W. Off he goes again: You will miss along the Murray the stupendous gorges of New Zealand ; nor "will you find the great tree-fernB that spread out with their reaching fronds wide enough for the umbrellas of a Brobdignagian race. But there is hill- climbing steep enough and grass-trees or blackboys massive enough to satisfy anyone but a .glutton for Alpine crevasses and monstrous shrubs; and for theBe discounts there will be a winsomeness in the picture that will be acceptable to all who do not wish to take their pleasures with more than a eoupQon of the element of awe and mournful—almost tragic—grandeur. . , . . What camps for picnic parties will then be opened up ! Cupid's bowers, fresh from the hand of " ' ' * Jl - —*— of love's > of the intrusion of the cycle that intrudes everywhere else. But until a road is made wheels might as well seek to leap over the battlements of a fortress as ladies to drive to the tryeting place. What choice preserves for the pheasants and the trout and the salmon of the Acclimatisation Society could be formed in these majestic solitudes, where silence iB broken only by the lowing of cattle, the notes of birds, the rustle of the kangaroo as he leaps through the dense undergrowth at the sound of the horses' hoofs, the ripple of the flowing waters, and the surge and hiss of the stream where the rooky masses almost close up to stay its course. My " dear chief,' we must secure the services of the W.A. Tennyson by hook or crook. You've no money ! Well, give him a bill—the usual three monfchser ; you know. He can get it melted. The younger broth you savvey. We must get him to describe the scenic beauties of Stationstreet, in which, as all the wo Id, ex cept the Maiden Lady's shilling number, the 'Maurnimf Herald, and Daily No Ntw.s, are aware, the office of this paper has its granite-pillared facade rearing its head towards the starry empyrean. • Show me the man who ventures to assert that our glorious and widely circulated (at Cottesloe) evening paper never has any news. Show me the any number of " min" who continually assert and re-assert this libel, and here is 1113* coat, the tails outspread for " wan or all of fchim to tread on av they are min." It had some news in on Tuesday afternoon last. I have cut it out, and now paste it in to refute the vile slanders: The average elephant produces 1201bs. of ivory, worth £60. It is stated that this country alone consumes 650 tons a year involving the death of 1,200 elephants. I must certainly confess I do wonder what parts of Perth this 650 tons of ivory go to. It cannot be that it is all turned into billiard balls. Besides, X do not see notice of any consignments in the shipping manifests. Still one can see that it is not right to call the evening paper "The Daily No News." 