THE FAL8E FRIEND. BY V. r. TOWNSEND. FIKAPTER IV.-(Continmu.) ' Where is my husband ?' ' 'We cannot find him, Catharine, -my dear. The last I heard of him was iwhen he went down into the library from your room, about ten.' ' And is this all ? You know he sometimes goes out to walk in the Smorning,' grasping at a faint hope. .'I know it, dear. Come back to S our room-perhaps he will return.' Btut 7ncle Phil's face was white, "too, and he could not conceal the annxiety in his eyes. S ?There is something more-tell me ,ll. I will know it, uncle.' S He turned away. ' You must tell st-he, Marsallea-I cannot. ' It's only a few words I've to say, "darlin',' said the old woman, with the look, and the tone, I remembered over my cradle. ' Last night, I should fl ink it was about one o'clock, I heard a sound like feet slippin' softly along the lower hall, and then it seemed to me the door opened and shut. .I was kinder scared, and got up in a'few minutes, and looked out. The rain was over, and the clouds were just breaking up, though it was very dark outside, with only a star or two to be seen. ',But there was some thing dark at the gate, and ipretty soon it moved off, and I heard the sound of carriage wheels. That was all. I went back to bed, wonderin' whether it was not all a dream, and yet half a mind to call your husband, but in the midst of ii all, I fell asleep. This morning, when Jane came and told me Miss Lucia wasn't in her room, and hadn't been there all night, it came back to me a nd-' The old woman could not tnisk nor sentence with the fears that .were in her heart. 'Uncle Philip, my husband and Lucia Thornton have fled together !' I cried, and then I clasped my hands and laughed. 'Catharine, Catharine, do be a woman now, be a woman for your child's sake.' ' Mamma, mamma, Freddie wants to see you.' It was my child's voice that came fluttering up the stairs, and in a moment the little fellow pattered into my room. That voice-those feet kept my brain from madness. I clasped my poor deserted child to my heart, and burst into tears. I do not recall much that hap pened that day. I remember Mar salles got me to bed and remained with me. She has since told me that I moaned for my husband most of the time, and muttered to myself, ' He would not leave me--oh, no, not me and our boy, for he knows it would break my heart.' ' And Lucia, too ! How we used to play together in the long grass, and bind the apple blossoms in our hair. Lucia would not have wronged me so.' Late that night Uncle Phil returned. He had tracked the fugitives to New •.York, but he was three hours too late. The steamer had sailed for Liverpool. I think Heaven sent in mercy the long, mental paralysis that followed. There was but one thing that roused or interested me, and that was the sight of my boy. Fears were enter tained for a long time for my reason, but God gave it back to me. ' Well, daughter, what steps are to be taken now ?' asked Uncle Phil, two weeks lateh, while he sat in my room, which he scarcely left. Dear Uncle Phil! he had watched over me like the tenderest mother through all this great agony, but 'he, too, had grown pale and older looking by ten years. ' We must keep it from the world. The disgrace must not be known, uncle.' He started. ' Catharine, you are asking what is utterly impossible to .do. No disgrace will attach itself to you, my poor child; the world will only pour its vials of indignation on the head of the scoundrel who so richly deserves it.' ' But he is the husband of my youth -the father of my child. I must save his name and hers from shame.' * '?His name and hers! Oh, Cathar ine, are you angel or womani"' 'If you could see into my heart sometimes you would think I was very liitle of the former. All affection for hii?bhas died out of it forever, but be. daausse'I once loved him I cannot have ni now a mark for scorn and con .-%tmpt.' .C.*'.'::S'. was a fool, a blind, dumb fool,' s ;A»'aid Unole Phil, getting up and walk n.i' g across the room, with his hands m'.n.; iu.his pockets, 'not to see it before. i'':tI never liked her from the first. I e^ saw, too, she was pleased with j *George's attentions, and flattered and " led him oin as an artful woman beet; Sknows how to do. I thought, how-: . .ever, I had him fast enough, on ac ..count of the property, though I-never .did the scoun&rel; the justice to sup ,pose he'd come ,to this.' '~ut yo" know the money his aunt jleft ahim. Uncle-' 'X.eee it must have all been planned .after this. Oh, it would not be a safe *'\ thingaf I could get my hands upon , him now,' and the £ash of. his eyes ,endorsed his words, until they rested ,on me,; then he cried out, ' Catharine, my poor broken lily, how my heart .ackles for you.' .I clasped my hands on his arm. ., < Oh, unnle, I am all alone. I have . : nobody to care for me now but you.' ' And I will be a father to you, and Syou shall be my child so long as we lboth live.' ":i And the words comforted me Savejipn m. So it was finally arranged "lithat the whole matter should be kept ?i:a .pofound secret." This, of course, ziJeqauirred considerable adroit manago .S^ ment, still it was accomplished with less diffliulty than I had feared. Uncle Philip went to New York, and communicated the facts to Lucia's re1atives. They were utterly over whelmed, and fired with indignation against the fugitives. They were, however, very fond and proud of their niece, and glad to save her name from any stigma, and de clared their intention of setting out as soon as possible in the track of the fugitives, not doubting that their re proaches and arguments would suc ceed in bringing both to their senses, and restoring them to their homes. Mr. and &trs.; Wildman returned with Uncle Phil to Woodside, .that we might concert together their plans of procedure. They were very kind, very full of sympathy for me, but ' lespectability' was the idol whose terror was con stantly before their eyes. It was natural, I suppose, that they should tour their Tils of wrath mottl, upon my husband, considering him by far the greater sinner in the matter. But I could not so regard him. I knew his temperament, his great sus ceptibility to physical beauty; and, reader, is there any one thing that an artful, fascinating, unprincipled woman cannot do with a man? And feeling all this, there were times when my heart rose up in fierce, bitter swells of hatred against Lucia such hatred as a wife feels for her triumphant rival. In a little while Lucia's relatives set out for their niece. I had little faith in their discovering her, or, in case they did, of their inducing either her or George to return. We let our.home at Woodside, let, ting it to one of our neighbours. This was on many accounts deemed the best plan. My health demanded a change of scene and associations, and it would have been impossible to have remained there long, and arrested all suspicion of the truth. Uncle Phil decided that we should go to Europe, and]I was, by no meais, averse to thie arrangement. We sailed late the next May. CHAPTER V. CRIME AND REMORSE. Eight years had passed. It was a morning in early 3une-a morning that a few hours before had risen out of the night jewelled with dews, spangled with sunbeams, its garments of new green embroidered with all rare and beautiful flowers. We were in the south of England, Uncle Phil, myself, Fred, and Mar sallea, in a picturesque village on the seashore. We had resided here for two.years, hidden among elms and hedges of hawthorn. My life had been quiet, and on the whole pleasant during these years, though my heart .had to bear the sting and the burden of old memories. My health, too, was not good, for my nervous system, never strong, had not ceased to reverberate to that fear ful shock. Still, God had heaped many blessings upon me. My boy, now nearly ten years old, was all that the proudest, tenderest mother could have asked. Uncle Phil was to me just what he had promised-a father. And Marsallea-oh, the marble pillar, under the ash tree, in the little English grave yard, will best tell what she was to me. We had chosen our home in this village because of my passion for the sea. I loved it all times; as well when the storms thundered over it and twirled its waves into fury, till they beat up in wild, black agony against the beach, as I did on this morning, when it lay calm and beautiful, its deep, passionate bosom throbbing tenderly to the loving caresses of the new day. Fred and I lad gone out to walk on the beach. There were quite a num ber of people here, as the village was a favourite resort during the summer, and several hotels were scattered along the shore. Fred was an active, restless boy. He was quite absorbed now in collect. ing shells. I listened to his rambling talk while I gazed on the face of the sea. ' See, mamma, what a pretty shell just the colour of .gold, and this one is like silver-how the light strikes through it. We will place them among the mosses in the basket by the window. Yoau understand, mamma ?' 'Fully, dear, but don't talk quite so loud." ' See, mamma, that gentleman has dropped his cane, and he is so busy t~alking with the lady that he does not observe it. Shall I carry it to him4?' The ,persons to whom he alluded were a short distance from us-a lady and gentleman, evidently quite absorbed in each other, as they strolled along the sands.. I remember that she had on a lace mantilla and travdlling hat. " They will turn in a few moments, my boy, for the strangers had almost gained a little arm of land that reached down into the sea, and we will step into the arbor yonder, and wait until they come, then you can go out and give the gentleman the cane.' It was a handsome cane, its top carved with an elaborate device of a serpent. I remember admiring this, as we oat in the arbor, half hidden under the trees. ' There they are, coming, mamma.' And the child rushed eagerly out. 'You are very kind, my little fellow, to bring me the cane. And I am certainly much obliged to you.' I did not hear my 'child address the gentleman, but I heard his reply, and the tones shivered along every nerve of my bting. ' You are very welcome, sir.' ' What a beautiful boy, George, and that hair-I never haw anything so exquisite.' T'he soft, clear, ringing voice. I onew that, too, and looking out I saw th3m-my husband and Lucia Thorn ton.. * She .was beautiful, the woman of thirty, as the girl of sixteen-. The soft bloom still sat in her cheeks, the lights were in her eyes, and the smiles on her perfect lips; and he-oh, not one inch of the manly grace of figure and carriage which won my girlish admiration was aba ,ed in the man, George Irwin. I should have gone out that moment and confronted the two, but my strength failed me. Twice I rose up, and then I sank back, without power to move hand or foot. They stopped a moment, and Lucia's soft fingers fondled Freddie's curls, as one does a beautiful play thing, then they passed on-the father did not know his child. ' Mamma, mamma, What ails you ?' asked-the frightened voice of Freddy, as he came back and looked in my face. It was some moments before I could reply to him, and he would have rushed out for help if I had not beckoned him back. . No wonder the shock had thus pros trated me. Since that night I had heard nothing of these two. Lucia's uncle and aunt had for more than a year pursued the search with much zeal, but without obtainiing a clue to their residence, though they had several times well nigh come upon her and George. But a sudden fever ter minpted the old gentleman's life, and with that all search had ceased. I reached home that morning, I can not tell how, and fell at Uncle Phil's feet in strong convulsions. Two days had passed. During this time I had not left my room. It was necessary I should be quiet as pos sible, and arouse every energy for the work before me, as that evening I was resolved to confront my husband and Lucia. Uncle Phil was to accompany me. He had ascertained that they had en gaged rooms for a week at the hotel under the name of Mr. and Mrs; Holden. That afternoon a large party of guests had gone out to ride, and would be back soon after dark. 'But, my child, you're not fit for this work, you're as white as a ghost,' added Uncle Phil, looking in my face. It was with the greatest diffidulty that I had persuaded him not to meet his nephew before this time, for the old gentleman's wrath toward him seemed scarcely to have bounds. •' Yes, I am able, and I shall go to night. It is time to dress. Please send Marsallea to me.' An hour later Uncle Phil came to me. His ,face was very white. ' Catharine, can you bear it ?' he said. 'Yes,' putting my hand to my heart, ' tell me quick.' ' There was a race this afternoon ; the horses took fright, and they were thrown. Lucia was stunned, but not injured; but George-' ' Oh, what, what?' ' He was brought home-the phy sicians say he cannot live two hours.' ' Uncle Phil, I am going to my hus band.' 'Catharine,' he said, in a hoarse voice, 'he was false to you in life you owe him no duties in death.' 'He is the father of my child-I must go to him.' And we went. ' George ! George ! my darling ! my beloved! I 'cannot let you go! Oh, what is life without you ? Look at me-speak to me !' What agony moaned out of the voice, and standing in the next room I saw her bowed down by the bed, her arms around his neck, her lips close to his cheek. God knows there was no triumph in my heart then. God knows I pitied that wretched; forsaken, guilty woman in the hour when death came for her idol. But I went in and laid my hand softly on her shdulder. ' Lucia !' She sprang up, gave one wild, haggard look into my face, and then cowered down before me as the living might cower before a risen ghost. 'Lucia, I will not stay long, only I must speak to him.' But she did not hear me; she had fainted, and would have fallen if Uncle Phil had not caught her. ' George, my husband!' He opened his dim eyes, slowly, and gazed at me. Then a spasm crossed his livid face; he gasped.and groaned. ' Oh, Catharine, have you come to reproach me now ? ' ' No, my husband, I have only home to pray over you this prayer-" May God have mercy upon your soul." ' Then he rose up-that dying man in bed, and holding my hands,' he said to me, ' Catharine, you have bean wronged, as never woman was wronged, and have forgiven as never woman forgave. I have been mad, infatuated. I see it all now, but it's too late, and I can only pray " God have mercy upon my soul:!"' His head sank back, and with that prayer the soul of George Irwin went out. Half an hour later Lucia awoke. On learning the truth she went raving mad. We had them both, the living acid the dead, conveyed.to our house. George was interred in the grounds of a friend of his uncle's, who resided about ten miles from here-one whom we could trust, and to whom we :com municated the sad story. Lucia remained with us a week, and then was conveyed to a lunatic asylum, as it was feared she might do some injury to herself. She was there two years, and at last regained her reason. Her aunt came to Eng land and took her home to America. Thank God no shadow of disgrace ever rested upon her name or my husband's. I hear she is greatly changed-that she goes into society very little, and that no one would recognise in' her the brilliant, faecinatipg Lucia Tboraton of the old time. We have never met. It would be too severe an ordeal for the weakened nerves of either. But I have received one letter from her, and in this there occurs one passage which I wish every woman on earth might read. After acknowledging in language that indicates her keen remorse for the wrong she did me, she adds: ' My love for him was a madness an infatuation, that.you, with your serener temperament, can hardly comprehend. ' You ask if we were happy. No. During all the time that we resided together in 8witzerland he never spoke one word whose tone was not full of tenderness to me-he never showed by word or deed that he wearied of me, and the aim ef his whole life seemed to be to make me happy. But I was not so, for. I carried in my heart the sting of an undying remorse, and, believe me, Catharine, no matter what riches, what beauty, what affections surround her, no woman can ever be happy who makes memory a remorse and love a crime.' We have returned to America, and settled in a delightful home on the banks of the Hudson. Fred, my boy, is now nearly seven teen years of age. He is fitting for collego, and a mother's love may be pardoned for saying he inherits all the manly gifts and graces, with few of the faults, of his father. Uncle Phil is with us-my best earthly friend-but his hair is growing white and his step feeble with the burden of many winters. I have recently received letters from England which inform me that the last of the Losters is now a feeble and childless old man, and that there is every prospect of my boy inheriting the broad lands and proud home of his fathers. It will be a princely for tune, but life has taughtme that this does not bring happiness. And another and deeper lesson has life taught me; that of all the love, and joy, and grandeur of this world, we can carry out, under the solemn arches of the River of Death, but one prayer-the same for. prince and peasant, for saint and sinner-the one prayer, that in all ages, and all states and circumstances, binds our humanity in common need and helplessness-. ' God be merciful to me a sinner !' '[ms aNn.1 