A Noisy Ghost iu Rutland. ' The little village of Edithweston, in Rut landshire, and, indeed, the whole district round, has been thrown into a state of un mistakable excitement by a mysterious occur rence which seems to set investigation at defiance. At one of the houses 'in the place loud noises have been repeatedly beard, at all times of the day and night, the sounds re sembling those which would result from knocking and bpnging doors; and there is up to the present moment no apparent rea ron for the noises. Investigations have been carried out by doctors, clergymen, school masters, police-officeis and other men accus tomed to weigh evidence, but although, of course, the solution of the problem may eventually be found to be perfectly natural the affair is yet a complete mystery. It seems to be out of the question to believe that the noises are the result of practical joking, or the perpetrators must surely have been discovered ere now. One of the doors of the house have recently been varnished; and one day distinct knocks were heard, but the most careful investigation to fiod marks on the varnish proved futile. A reporter has visited a number of the inhabitants of the village and neighbourhood, and his inquiries show that nearly every person in the village has heard the knocks, and (hat no one can give a reasonable explanation of them. The following income tax story is told in the Saturday Review: — An ironmaster of the name of Botfield lived and flourished in the Midlands in the early half of this century. He flourished amazingly. When the income tax was levied for the first time the forms sent to him to be filled up were returned made out for an annual income of L20,000. Tha collector, knowing that Mr. Botfield was entirely a self-made man, formed the con clusion that Mr. Botfield had returned his capital in lieu or his income. He sent a note asking Mr. Botfield kindly to read through the instructions carefully again and fill up a second form. Mr. Botfield sent the form fcae'e filled up for LI 00,000 per annum, with the message that he was ? if he thought he was making much more. 