Germelshausen. [Translated from the Gorman of Friedrich Oerstacker by Katharine M.1 Murphy for 'The Pilot.'] ? rfjnnttlurlorl). At last the dawn began to appear in the oast, tho clouds had dispersed and the heavens were again sorcno and full of stars, and tho awakening birds began to twittor in tho dark trees, and the golden belt of light grow broador and brighter ; already ho could plainly see tho tops of tho trees about, but vainly his gaze sought tho old brown ohurch-towor, and tho weather-stained roofs. Nothing but wild aldor-bushos and lonely stunted willows stretched away boforo his guxo. No,,path was to bo seen which led to the loft or^to tho right, no Bign of human habitation in the vicinity. Tho day grow brighter and brighter, the eariy sunbeams fell on broad, green wide spread meadows, and, bowildorod and puzzled, lio wondered over a largo tract of country. Ho thought- 4hat whilo looking for tho plaoo in the night ho must have wandorod further and farther away from it and ho was now lirmly resolved to hnd it again. At last ho discovered a stone whero Gort I'udo had sat when ho had takon her picture ; ho would have known the place among a thousand, for tho old lilac-bush markod it only too well. Ho 'Know now just whore he was, and whero Gormolshauson must bo, and walked quickly back to tho valley, keeping the very samo dirootilbn ho had takon with Gertrude the day before. Horo ho rocog uised also tho bend of tho slopo ovor which the misty yollow fog lay ; onl,y tho aider bushes separated him from tho first houses. Now he roaohod them, forcod his way through thorn, and found himself again in the same swampy morass through which he had waded tho provious night. Complotoly bowildorod and doubting Ins own sonsos, he wished to press onward, but tho unwhole some ditch-water forced him back at last to seek tho dry land again, and vainly ho wandorod back and forth. Tho village had disappeared. During thoso vain attempts more hours had passed and his woary limbs refused to go any farther. He must rest. Besides, what uso had been his vain oflbrts? Ho would stop at tho first village ho came to, and tako a guide, and then ho would find tho way. Exhausted ho throw himsolf down under a tree and soiled hia party suit, but that did not trouble him. Ho took Gertrude's picture out of his sketch- book, and with Itoon pain gazed at the lovely, lovely features. She, to his terror, lie found, hold him in her thrall. Then ho heard the leaves rustlo behind him. A dog rushed' through, and as ho -sprang up, ho saw an old huntsman standing wo tolling him curiously—for a figure indeed ho presented— so well dressed, yot so dis orderly. ' Thank God !' cried Arnold, over-joyed to meet a human being, whilo he slippod the picture back into his sketch-book. 'You como as if sent to mo. I believe I havo lost mysolf,' ' Hni,' said the huntsman, ' if you havo wandored hero all night long, and a good tavern at Dillstedt, not halt an hour dis tant, I boliovo you. Groat Heaven ! how you look ; just as if you had boon head over Iieols in bog and thorn.' ' You are woll acquainted here in this wood?' inquired Arnold, who above all things wished to know where ho was. 'I should think so,' laughed the hunts man whilo ho struck a match and lit his pipe. ' What is the next village called ?' ''Dillstedt — just ovor yonder. If you stand ovor thoro on that little hillock you can see it lying below.' 'And how far is it from horo to Germel sliauson ?' 'To whore?' cried the huntsman, and in horror took hia pipe from his mouth. 'To Gormelsnauson.' ' God bo gracious to me !' said the old man, while ho cast a fearful look around, — 'I know tho forost woll enough, but how many leagues deep undor the ground tho ' accursed village ' lies only God knows — and it is no business of ours.' 'The aooursod village?' criod Arnold astonished. 'Germolshauson, — yes,' said tho huntsman. ' Just thoro whore tho old willows and alder-bushes grow, many, many hundred yoars ago it stood, and from thoro it sank down — no one knows why or whoroto, and tho story goes that for one appointed day in every hundred years it rises to tho light ; but no Christian man would wish by any chance ho might come thoro. But the night's lodging in the bush has not agreod with you. \'ou look whito as a ghost. Thoro, take a drink from my flask, — it will do you good.' 'Thanks.' 'Now, go across to tho tavern and get into a warm bod.' 'ToDillstodt.' 'Naturally. Thoro is no village nearer.' ' And Gormolshauson ?'? 'Do mo tho favour not to name the place, — horo on tho vory spot where wo are stand ing. Lot the dead rest, especially thoso who havo no rest, and ovor again and again rise up among us.' ' But yesterday tho village stood horo,' criod Arnold, no longor sure of his own senses, ' I was in it, I ato and drank and danced thoro.' The huntsman calmly looked tho figure of tho young man up and down, then said smiling i — ' But it was called anothor name, was it not? You camo across hero from Dillstedt where thoro was a dance yesterday evening, and tho strong boor which tho host brows everyone cannot bear.' Arnold for all answer opened his skotoh book, took out tho sketch which ho had made from tho churchyard wall. ' Do you know that village ?' 'No I' said tho huntsman, shaking his head. Such a flat tower is not to be found in the whole region about.' 'That is Germelsbausen,' cried Arnold. ' And do the village maidens hereabout dress like this maiden ?' ' Hm,— no ! What strange funeral pro cession have you there ?' Arnold did not answer, but pushed the picture into his sketch-book, while a strange, sorrowful feeling took possession of him. ?' You cannot miss the way to Dillstedt,' said the huntsman kindly, for a dark sus picion struck him that the stranger might not be quite right in the head. 'If you wish it, I will! accompany you, until we come in sight of the place.' 'I thank' you,' Arnold rejectingly said. 'I shall soon reach there. So only every hundred years the village rises ?' ' So they say,' the huntsman replied, ' but who knows if its true?' 'May God be with you,' Arnold said, taking his knapsack and extending his hand. ' Thanks. Where are you going.' ' To Dillstedt.' ' ' That is right. There across the hill you will find the broad road.' Arnold turned away and walked slowly along. At the top of the hill, from which he could see the whole region, he stood once more and looked back. 'Farewell, Gertrude,' murmured he softly, and as he crossed the slope great tears filled his eyes. 