My Own Particular Ghosts. Boing u. poor governess, it wan natural thut, I should bo a yucsfc at. a baronial linll. I arrived nu Oliristmaa Eve. Snow was fnlltng iih I wont up tho olicatnut avenue. To my dismay, a funeral bell was tolling, and. aa 1 vouched tho esoutobconed gateway, two inutcH stood boforo tho door. Somebody, must, bo dead, then? Yet tho . blinds wero not down, and from somo upper ehainbor caino tlio sounds of dance musio played on a piano. Strange-! 'l'lio foolmau who admitted mo was not in - mourning, and my old schoolfellow roooived mo with a most, cheerful welcome. Luoy waited on mo while X removed my travelling npparol (governesses in ghost stories go in . largely for " travelling apparel "), uud I was then usliored into tlio drawing-room,, where I , mot somo 20 guosts who hud comb to spend - Christmas.; All woro gay, undyot it was tlio . day of a funbriil. - - As no ono told mo anything I thought it : host to bo'silont on u-subjeot I know nothing about. Porliups it wua ono of tho servants. '' Wo dined; wo spout, a. morry ..evening..' Wlioovor. was dead,. it whs no near relation of my friends. ; "When I retired to my ohumber tlio tradi- . , tioual liousukeopur in blaok satin uppcared' to.v ask if X liud everything I required. . .. " Mrs. Holding," I suid, " who was buried ! to-day ? " . , "Buried!." .... . . -,c. ' . " I saw mutes." : ' ' . ' ' ".Mutes!1" .-.r '! And board tho bell. tolling." " Boll tolling ? Thou tlio logondofTru- voron Hull is not a mora invention. The oldest dnuglilor of tlio TmvoroiiB nover -lives . to bo ono-aiid-twonty ; und tlio day bbforo her death a - stranger sees mutes und hears a boll toll. Miss Adola should enmo of ago to morrow ; but alio will dio in tho night.".. , " Have tho oldost girls all died young P" "Thoro has not ucon a daughter in the family silica Ethel Duvoron, ono of Queon Aiiuo'h inuida of honour, und slio dlod on the ovu of hor majority." ... " But Sir Lusius and tho others don't s'oera , to dread this night." I doubt if thoy know tlio logond." ' : Sloop wua itnpossiblo after that. _ In the early hours pf tho morning I ex pected to hour sad cries ; but,. no! 4dolu; not nu early , riser, had, no doubt, lookod her door, ' aiid, tho fearful truth was not yet discovered. X quietly drossod myself, and descended to the .brOukiusl-raoin, ready, to add my mite of consolation to tho boroavod parents, , i, .And 1 saw — .. i Adola Travoreu oating a ohon !: Not ' deud ! But tlio legend, and what I saw and hoard P Somo olio afterwards hinted that my mutes woro'tho Bliudows of two fir trees on the wall, and that all sorts of bolls rung at Ohristmas timo, But u legend is a legend. Aud I know a funoral boll from any other ; juat us I know liiutosfrom a fir tree's shadow. How to solvo tho myatory P This is the only possiblo solution : We havo licro, alas ! another good legend gone wrung. 