THE Cambooya Electorate. MR. DARIELS, M.Li., BEFORE THE ELECTORS. On Monday evening, Mr II. Daniels, M.L.A., the representative of the Cambooya electorate, met his . constituents in the Assembly Hall, l'ittsworlh. There were about seventy electors present. On the motion of Mr Corn ford seconded by Mr UcKcand, Mr A. Stumm was voted to the chair In introducing tlm Knrnfcnr Wr Sfn'mni said that they were well aware that while a candidate at the last elcctio 1, Mr Daniels had stated that he would come once every year to give an account of hi; stewardship and in accordance with t'hat promise he was now before' them that night. He asked that the speaker should have a fair hearing. (Applause.) Mr Daniels, who was received with applause, said he always felt glad to come before the electors at Pittsworth, in fact, before the electors of every part of Cam booya. More especially was this the case in Pittsworth, because he saw before him the faces of so miny with whom he hid done hard graft; he felt at home among so many old friends. That was the first time he had had the pleasure of mccting'any body of the electors since the last election, when they did him the honour to return him to I'arlia liament with a majority which was surpris ing to people all over the colony, seeing the opposition that had been, brought against him at the time. It was very gratifying to. him because it gave him renewed courage to fight their battles downbeW, and showed him that his efforts hail not been forgotten,' and that credit was given him for having done his duty in the pasitun in which they had placed him. . He could assure them he had not ceased to work since he had been returned. Being returned by such a ma jority might inake some people careless, but it only gave him further courage to work knowing that he took his rank among his fellow labourers who sent him down below He would be wanting in gratitude if lie did not forward their interests. Since his election this time he was in a better position to look after their, interests; ': Many people had thought that his first return had been a fluke and that he had no chance of going to Parliament a second '.-.time,' but the last election had shattered ?. their hopes, ' Those persons had now come to the conclusion that he was going to stop in Parliament .as long as he did his 'duty, and that gave him 'cer- tain weight. He had now; had foiir years practical experience, and had learned what ropes to pull Of course the fact of him being/returned twice, and being very likely to be returned' again, made the officials a little ,morc careful, as they did not know what changes time would bring about. The result was that at any, time he went to a Government office with a request for which he had any claim for favourable consideration he usually got it, and. in cases where concessions were given to supporters of the Government, he de manded the same a;, a right,' and almost always got his demands. ...'? ' / iouciung.tne questions tint came before the House last session, they knew that the principal measure was that dealing with' the.' Queensland National Uank.,' ;Ih. 1S93 the cry. wai -raised that ? if the Labour Party ' were returned, to power the 'bank ? would' burst ; weir ' . the bank burst: in any . case'. The Labour Party had fought to get an enquiry :-]-'dt they did not get it. They fought so held, how ever, that Sir Hugh Nelson and- Mr J'.arlow appointed themselves to be practically a board of inquiry to examine the books of the bank, and they came back to .the House and' said the Institution was financially sound ; the books were all right, and the as sets greatly exceeded the liabilities ; that ivas said to oatch un the bank for a time. But they; found after some time that the ,bank was as rotten as it could be, and the directors were dividing fictitious profits as dividends, which amounted to the fact that they were taking the money belonging to the depositors and dividing it among the share-: holders. They could not do that without issuing false balance sheets which was done. Any manager of a public institution issuing false balance sheets was liable to prosecu tion, and to a term of imprisonment extend-, ing to fifteen years, because it was a crim inal action. Practically false balance sheets were even now being issued, for on any of the bank cbunteis they could get balance sheets showing the assets were greater than the liabilities. In 1893 when the bank reconstructed there was £l,1oo,ooo of Government money in it. In 189G the colony had nearly four millions in it, including current Accounts and fixed deposits. During the panic last session a bill was rushed through the House by which the Government guaranteed the current accounts, but practically they were guaran teed whether they liked it or not, as they were a first charge upon the assets. The Government then wished the Treaiurerto make an agreement with the depositor. The . bank had nearly two millions, for which it paid no interest, and another two millions for which it paid i\ per cent, which was equivalent to i\ per cent on the whole. His party objected to that power being given to the Treasurer, being opposed to one man making an agreement to bind the whole of the people ; but they were agree able that the Treasurer might ga home for the purpose of making an agreement with the English depositors and that it should be subsequently submitted to rarliament. [A voice : ' What about the steel rails.'] [Mr. Daniels : ' If you had one down your throat it would be alright.']- (Laughter.) He had voted for the amendment moved by Mr. Drake that the agreement should be ratified by Parliament, Every, member of the Op position side of the House as well as tlie Ministerialists wanted tc seethe colony go ahead. They did not want to create any panic, therefore they voted that the agree ment should be ratified by Parliament, but, as they were aware, the motion was carried against his party. In fact, Sir II. Nelson had power to make an agreement en certain lines, but it was currently reported that he had gone outside the powers conferred upon him, viz., that the terms of repayment of deposits should be the same for the Govern ment as for the other depositors. Sir Illicit Nelson said he would not accept the motion proposed by Mr, Drake, nnd go home with his hands tied, (A voice: No icar of him getting hi- hands tied,) His (Mr. Daniel,') suggestion was that Sir 11 . NcUon should say to the English depositor* ' make a fair offer and the Queensland Government will agree to it.' If they did nothing the Government hail the prior claim, which they should enforce and wind up the institution, which would only pay fifty per cent or ten shillings in the pound. He did not think', hou'ovor, that the Government should have a priority of claim j they had coaxed the people to put their money into that institution, and the majority of the Home thought the Government - should stand i 1 with the ordinary depositors. (.Mr lJauiels read extracts fiom the ' Courier,' ' Snow man,' and the 'Financial Times,' com menting on the Government's connection with the bank). Continuing the speaker said the Government were practically as criminal in the matter as the directors,' anil that was possibly why there had been 'no enquiry before the agreement. The Labour Party wanted to have a. full. enquiry before they consented to any agreement. He con tended that the Government who glased over the affairs of the bank were quite as criminal as the directors who squandered tlic ,pecple'i money. He was nil through op posed to any legislation whereby the Govern* ment might guarantee the current accounts until inquiry had bc.cn made, but hi- party was in a minority, lie had nothing .1. apologise for in the action he had taken am if the same thing came hefr.ro him again hi' would iollow a similar course of action. His action with regard to federation might have appeared strange to the electors, and possibly they might not have understood what he meant. He had, however, tried to make the matter look as ridiculous as possible as he did not believe they wanted federation. They had not got it and he believed they were nil the better lor not having got it. (A Voice : 'Question.' Mr Daniels: It maybe.') . They were aware that when he was returned he promised he would work to try to induce the Government to bring forward a bill to guarantee flour-mills upon the same principle as the ''Sugar Guarantee Act' for sugar mills. He had worked hard in the House in connection with the matter until now there was a large majority in the House who would support such a .measure. Sir Hugh Nelson hail stated that if the farmers u.icicu iiuy prauucauie suggestion 11c wouia he only too happy to bringin a bill for that purpose. He, however, did not think it was quite possible to bringthe wheat-farmers on the same plane as the sugar-farmers by eneaeins them to mortimcre their land for the purpose of erecting a mill. ; They had, however, to devise a scheme! He under stood that on the following evening1, there was to be a meeting of farmers to discuss the matter, when they should elect a committee and push the matter ahead. It must, however, be a -farmers' meeting and they must push it. , If he tried it would only be said' he was -only trying to create ill feeling, which would keep the matter back. There was another matter of which he expressed; himself-,' as; being in favour. He had contended /that 'the Government should put down bores oh dry country, aid charge the grazing farmers a little extra rent ns a water rate, so that men without means ciuld go and take up such land. That was being tried .now. The Minister for Lands Mr Foxton, ?; was ? putting down two bores by way of experiment. ? It was.at first decided that these bores shetjld be put down only in the '? case ? of. twehfv thniican^l ni-r* K1X/.1.-C but after a gooddeal of forcing the -Ministry, one way or the other, he believed it was now intended to extend the concession to five thousand acre blocks: ' ' ' '.'? '??..- '. '?: . He had been asked by' the editor of *the ,' Courier' to state his , views upon land legislation with the result that last week he wrote a letter 'to the' Courier ' giving his views in a' condensed form, ,' (Mr Daniels here read the letter published in our last issue.) Continuing, the'speakcr emphasised tliedesirabilityof the Government borrow ing money at a cheap; rate '.iHd lending it out to the farmers. His ^scheme of - throwing open the lands'he contended was a good one'., Under it a'young man -with' sufficient money to buy rations for twelve months 'coiild get married arid go upon ths land. .As; he made' his improvements ; ; the '; Government could advance him . one ? half ; the value .. of them, and make money by doing so.' These men settling down would opeii up the land and give occasion to '.an increase- in the railway traffic of double or treble the present amount, aivd at the: same time they vierit making a home of.' their own. If they, hadi land legislation of. the sort devised by him; parents would have no' anxiety about their children, who, they knew, would push for ward as Ung as they' kept steady. At the present time, however, they did not know tvnai to uo witn tneir cniidren. Under his scheme he advocated the Government lend ing to the extcnt'of one-half the value of the improvements. Uy doing so they could hot: lose, for as soon as one threw up his land there would be others ready to step ? iii to take his place,. if he could- get the improve ments at one-half of the original value. ??:..,. If this principle were introduced, as far as land legislation' was concerned it would certainly be the forerunner of money being lent to farmers upon similar terms, provided' it was not advanced on more than half the value of the property. They remembered Mr Tozer speaking' at Gympic, and saying that the Government could hot lend the .farmers money because some farmers were so '.'deeply mortgaged that they could not : help them. If the; others were helped it placed those so heavily mortgaged at a disadvantage. The speaker desired to know whether if two men were drowningtl)eywo|uldrefuse to goto the assistance of one because they could not help the other.' If farmers were sojleeply in debt that lending them money at three per cent was no help to them, had they a ghost of a chance when paying nine and ten per cent? He thought they had better give up at once. ?; '.'-. ' - It was not his intention to speak for 'a long time, as it was possible many questions might be asked requiring a lengthy explana tion. Consequently he would close his address by expressing a hope that everyone in the district would take an interest in .getting their names on the roll and in keep ing them on. There were many farmeis in tho district without a vote whose names should be on the roll. He was going fo leave a roll in I'ittsworth, and they should strive to get on the roll, as many of the names of the people without a vote as they could. They might wish to return someone else, but whosoever happened to;be their member he wished him to be able to say he occupied that position at the wish of the majority of the people. He might mention he had left in Pitts worth maps referring to land selection, land open to occupation license, a land act, appli cation forms, local maps, rainfall maps, and in fact any information they could get in liiisbanc was now obtainable at Mr Tillett's place. He might aUo mention he had got a run map which he was going to leave at Mr Houston's saddler's shop, showing the runs in every part of the country, the number of sheep on each run, the dates when shearing was started, and the number of shearers and roiiscabouts employed. They could thus easily find out the number of sheep likely to bu shorn in each locality and also the nature of the land, and if they felt inclined to go in for a selection they could get their names upon the station list of shearers, examine the resumed portion of the t\\\:\, and then pick a selection, for now practically they could have any portion of a. resumed run thrown open by making application for the laud. Having; deter mined to solect, if they wrote to him lor a map nl the district they choose, it W011M be fonviirdeil nt mice without any cost to them. The run man was not vet completed, but it would be in a very short time. He ons also getting local maps of every -description, which might be of some service to them. Mr 'Daniels, who frequently received marks of approbation, then resumed hi . seat amid loud applause. The Chairman then iutimatud that the speaker would be pleased to answer any questions which might be put to him. Mr McKcon said he had gone to Mr Til let's for a local map- of Beauraba district, and had been informed by that gentleman .that he did not keep one in the place. ;?;? Mr Daniels said he thought there must be some mistake as the map was there, and he would show it to Mr McKcon the next day. Mr O'Toole stated that since the opening of .the railway to Moree in New South Wales eighty of the two hundred and fifty teams that used to go to Warwick were now going to Moree. Queensland had lost tke carrying trade of eighty of those teams, but he felt confident that . we should regain it even if a partial extension of the St. George line were made. If it were extended even to Yandilla they would get back those teams again. He asked whether M- Daniels would urge the immediate extension of ? the Pittsworth line in that direction? Mr Daniels : Said he had worked hard tf have the line extended from Pittsworth to St George. If Sir Huch Nelson were not goinp home to see her Majesty- (Laughter)— he felt certain he would rccomiuenu u» con struction this session. Their late lailway Commissioner, Mr Mathieson, recommended its.extension from Pittsworth, an-l so did the consulting Commissioner, Mr Stanley. He was talking recently to Mr Philp, tne late Minister for Railways, who did not seem to have the shadow of a doubt about the lint going from Pittsworth. Hut even if it did not go the whole way it must at least be ex tended a portion of the way, say as far a/ Canning Creek. They need have no doubt but that the Government would extend the Pittsworth line to Goondiwindi, and he would do what he could to favour the matter. (Applause ) There being no further questions, on the motion of Sir Daniels seconded by Mr O'Toole, a hearty vote of thanks was ac corded to the Chairman, which Mr Stumm suitably acknowledged. 