SERMON FOR SUNDAY. "Love and I"— A Mystery. Bx Late Rev, C. H. Sturgeon. I have declared unto them Thy name, and will declare it ; . that riie love wherewith Thou hast loved Mo may be in them, and I in them.— John xvlt. as. This is tho- last petition which our Lord- offers : " That tho love wherewith Thou licet loved Mo may ho in thom, and I in them." Ho reaches no greater height than this — namely, that His peoplo ho filled with the Father's love. How could -Ho rise higher P For this is to bo filled with ull tho fullness of God, since God is lovo, and ho that loveth God dwellotli in God und God in him. What importance ought to attach to the grace of lovo! How highly wo should esteem that which Jesus makes the Crown Jewel of All ! If we have faith, let us hot he satisfied unless our faith workoth by lovo and puriiieth the sunl. Let us nut bo content, indeed, until the love of Christ is shed abroad in our heart by the Holy Ghost which given unto us. I shull try to spouk first upon tho food of lovo, or what lovo lives upon ; secondly, upon the lovo itself — what kind of lovo it is ; and, thirdly, upon tho companion of love. 1\. Tlio food of lovo to God. What is it P, It is knowledge. "I liuvo made known to them Thy name, and will make it known." Wo cannot lovo a God whom we do not know ; a measure of kuowledgo is needful to affection. However lovely God may he, a man blind of roul cannot perceive Him, and therefore is not touched by His loveliness. Only when tho eyes lire opened to behold tho lbvelinoss of God will tho heart go out to: wards God, who is so dosirtibla aii object for tho affections. Brethren, we must know in order to believe ; wo must know in order to liopo ; and wo must espeoially ktiow in order to lovo. Honce. the great desirableness that you should know tho Lord and His great love whioh passoth knowledge. You cannot reciprocate love whioh you have never known, oven us a mail cannot derive strength from food whioh lie has not euten. Till first of ull the love of God lias come into your hcurt, mid you have been mado a partaker of it, you cannot rejoice in it or return it. Therefore our Lord took euro to food His disciples' hearts upon tho Father's name. He laboured to muko the Father known to thom. This is one of His great oiForts'with thom. nnd Ho is grioved when He sees tlioir ignorance, and bus to say to one of them, " Have I been so long . timo with you, -and yet host thou not known Me, Philip P He that hath seen Mo hath soon the Fattier ; and how sayest thou then, Show ud tho Father? " Tho knowledge hero spoken of is u knowledge, .wliioh Jesus guvo thorn. . " I have known - .Tlioo, and tlieso liuvo known that Thou-hust i sont Me. And I lmvo dcolbrod unto tliam "Thy name, 'mid wiU'deqluro it." Oh beloved, 'it is not knowledge that you uud l pick up us' a matter of book learning, or even by listen ing to a sermon, that will ever bring out our lovo to the Father; it is knowledge givou us by Christ through His Spirit. Jesus said, " O righteous Father, tho world hatli not known Thee," und you and I would have been ill tho same condition— strangers to God, without God und without hope in tho world— if tho Spirit of God had not taken of divino things mid applied thom to our souls so that wo aro mado to know thera. Every living word of kuowledgo is the work of tho living God. Jesus Christ ulouo can rovoul tho Father. He Himself suid, " No msn comoth unto the Fathor hut by Mo." Ho that knows not Christ knows not tho Father ; but whou Jesus Christ reveals Him, ah! thon do wo know Him nftor a special, personal, peoulinr, inward kuowledgo. This knowledge brings with it a life and a lovo with whioh tho soul- is not puffed up. hut built up. By such knowledge wo grow up into Him in all things who is our Head, being taught of the Son of God. 2\. The Lovo itself. " I huvo declared unto them Thy namo and will declare it; that tlio love wherewith Thou hast lovnd Mo may he in tliem." Do notieo that the prayer is not that tho Father's lovo may be sot upon tliem, or moved towards them. God docs not love us because we know Him, for He loved us before we knew Him, oven ns Paul, speaks of "His great love wherewith He loved us, even when we wero dead in tres passes and sins." Jesus lias not oome to set His Father's luvo upon the ohoson. Oh, no ; He did not ovon dio with that objoot, for the Father's lovo wus upon the chosen from everlasting. "Tho Fathor Himself loveth you " was always trne. Christ did not dio to makoHis Father loving, hut beoauso His Fathor is loving ; tho atoning blood is the outflow of the very heart of God towards us. So do not make uny mistako. Our Lord speaks not of the Divine love in itaolf, hut in us. This is net tho oternul lovo of God towards us of wliioh wo are now reading, but that lovo in us. And this love is of a vory peouliar sort. Do lot mo road tho vorso again ; "That the lave whorewitli Thou hast loved Mo may bo in thom." It is God's own love in us. The love of the Fnthor towards Jesus springs up like a crystal fountain, and then the sparkling drops fall and overflow, as Sou liuvo seen the fountains do, and we uro is oups into whioh this overflowing lovo of God towards Christ Jesus flows, and flows till wetooarefuU. Thoinwurdlovesomuoh desired for ns by our Lord is -no emotion of nature, no attaohmont proceeding from tho unro- gonerate will, hut it is the Father's lovo transplanted into the soil of tlieso poor hoarte, and becoming our lovo to Jesus, ns wo shall have to show in the noxt point. But is not this a wonderful thing— that God's own love to Jesus should dwoll in our hearts P And. yet it is so. The 'love wherewith we love Christ, mark you, is God's lova to Christ : " That the love wherewith Thou hast loved Me may he in them." All true' love, suoh as the Father' delights in and acocpts at our hands, is nothing hut His own love streaming down from His own heart into our renewed minds. But whatoan this mean P I ninst_ ask you to observe that it inoludcs within itaolf four preoions things. First, the toxt means that our Lord Jesus Christ desires us to have a distinot recognition of the Father's love to Him. He wants the love wherewith tho Fathor loves Him to be felt' in us, so that wo may say, "Yes, I know the Father loved Him, for I, who am suoh a poor, unworthy, andfooliBh oroature, yet love Him ; and, oh, how His Fnthor must love Him ! " I love Him ; ay, bvHia graoo, it woro a blessed thing to die for Him. But ifl lovo Him, oh, bow must His Father lovo Him, who oon sco His beauty, nnd cau appreciate every distinot piooo of loveliness thotia in Him I . > God nover loved anything, lis He loves Christ, oxcoptHis people, and thoy_ nave had to ho lifted up to that, position by tho lovo whioh tho Father has to. His Son. For, first and foremost, the Father and tho Son are Ono ; they aro One in essenco. Tlio Saviour has been with tho Either from the beginning, and His delight 1>b been with Him, even as tho Fnthor testified) "This is My boloved Son, in whum' I am well pleased." Oh, do trtr to feel, if you can, -tho iove of tho Father to His Son, nr else yon will not love tho Father as you should for the amazing saorlfica whioh he mado in giving Jesus to us. Think what it cost Him to tear His well-beloved from His bosom and send Him down below to he " despised and rejected !" Think what it cost Him to nail Him up to yonder cross, aud then forsake Him and hido His face from Him, becuu8o Ho hud laid nil our sins upon Him ! Oh, the lovo He must liavo had to us thus to have mode His Best-beloved to'ba- come a curse for lis! as it is written, "Cursed is overy ono that hangeth ou a tree." I want you to get this right into your souls, dear friends. Do not hold it as a dry doctrine, hut let it touch your heart. Letitflowiuto yogr heart liko a boiling stream, till your wholo souls become like Icoiandio goyKcrs, whioh boil and bubble up, und soud their stoam aloft into the clouds. Oh, to havu tho soul filled with tho lovo of tho Esther towards Him who is altogether lovely! Our text bears a further reading. Romembcr that you aro to havo in your heart a sense of tho Father's lovo to you, and to fecolicot that it is preoisely tho samn lovo wherewith He loves His Son. "That the lova wherewith Thou hast lorod Mo may ho in thein." Oh, wonder of wonders! Ifcol more inoliued to sit down und mcditato upon it thau to stand up aud talk about it ; tho lovo- whorowith He loved His Son — such is His love -to all His chosen ones. Can you beliovo it, . that you should ho the object of God's delight, even us Christ is, becuuso you are in ChriBt ; that you should ho tho objcot of tho Father's love as truly as Christ is, because Ho sees you to bo part and parcel of tho mystical body of His well- beloved Sou ? Do not toll uie that God tho Futlier does not lovo you as well as Ho does Christ; tlio point cun ho suttled by tho grandest matter of fact that over was. when there was a choice between Christ and His people, which Hhould die of tho .two, the Fatlior freeiv delivered up His own Son that wo might live through Him. Oh, what a mooting thoro must havo been of the seas of lovo that day, when God's great lovo. to us camo rolling in like a glorious springtide, and His lovo to His Sou cumo rolling in at tho same time ! If thoy hud met and come into collision, wo cannot imagine tho result ; but when thoy botli took to lolling together in ono mighty torrent, what a stream of lovo was there! The Lord Jo?us sunk that wo might swim— Ho sank that wo might riso ; and now wo uro borne onward for over by tlio mighty sweep of infiuito lovo into nil everlasting blessedness wliioh tongues and lips can never fally sot forth. Biit now'this gnes to a third meaning, and that is, that we are to givo huok a reflection of this lovo, and to lovo'Josus us tlio Father loves Him. - A dear old man, sposking to me the other. day .in a rapturous tone, said, " I love Jesus as ,, tho Father loves Him." This is true : not " cqually,"-but "like." Is 'iio't' tliis' a blessed thought? I said, " Oh fnend. that is u Strang thing to say!" " All," said -hn, "hut not stronger than Jesns would havo it whon'He prays thut the love ' wherewith- Thou bust loved -Mo inay bo in tliom, und I in .them."' His people love Christ as the Father loves Him— in the same way, though from wuut of capnaity tlioy.uunnot reach to tlio samo im- meusurahlo force of lore. Ob, to throw baok on Christ His leather's lovo ! Tho father is the sun and wo are tho moon, but the moon light is tho sumo light as the sunlight. Wo can see a difference becauso reflec tion robs the light of much of its 1 heat und its brilliance, hut it i6 the suine light. Tho moon 1ms not a rsy of . light but what cumo from the sun ; und wo have not alive coal of lovo to Christ but what cumo from the Father. "We, as the moon, shino by refleutod light, hut Jesus loves the moon light' of our love, and rejoices in it. Let us givo Him all of it ; lot us try to ho as tho full moon always, and lot us not dwindle down to a mere ring of love, or a crescent of affection ; lot us render no half -moon love ; let us not he half dark and cold, but let us shine' on Christ with ull tho light we can possibly reflect of His Father's love, saying in our very soul— ' '! My Jesus, I lovo Thee j'l know Thou art inino ; For .Thco all tho follies of siu I- resign." And then, fourthly, this lovo of tho Father in us is to go beaming forth from us to all around. When wo got the love where with tho Father loves tho Son into our hearts, then it is to go out towards all tho ohoson seed. He that loveth Him that begat, lovetli also them that' are begotten of Him. Ay, and your lovo is to go forth to all tlio sons of men, seeking their good for God's glory, that thoy may lie brought in to know the same Saviour in whom wo rojoico. Oh, if tho love of tho Fathor to Christ once enters into u man's 60ul, it will chungo him ; it will sway with him tho noblost passion : it will make him u zoulot for Christ ; it will cast out Ills solfishness ; it will ohango him into tho imago of Christ, and fit him to dwell in heaven, where lovo is perfected. 3\. The companion of lovo. "I in thom." Look ut the toxt a minute and just cutali thoso two words. Hero aro "lovo" und "I" — lovo und Christ como togother. Oil, blessed guests ! " Lovo and I," says Christ ; as if Ho felt Ho never had a'companion that suited Him hotter. "Lovo" and "I"; Jesus is over at home whore lovo is reigning. When love lives in His people's hearts, .Jesus lives thoro too. Wo are suro of this, 'for, first, whoro thoro is lovo thoro is life, and whore thoro is llfo there is Christ, for Ho Him self says, " I am iho Life."- Again, whoro there' is tho lovo of God iu the heart, thoro is tlio Holy Spirit ; hut whorovor tho Holy Spirit is, thore is Christ, for tho Holy Spirit is Christ's representative. Ay, hut where thoro is tho Fath'or's love toward Christ in tho heart, God Himself is thoro. I am suro of that, for God is lovo. So, if there is love within ns, there must ho God ; and whore God is, thoro Christ is, for He saith, " I nnd My Father aro ono." What a blessed sonso of power this givos to ns ! " I in thom." There ie no more " I " in weakness, hnt since Jesus dwollsin mo, "I can do oil things through Christ that strongthenoth mo." " I in thom." . It is tho glory of the believer that Christ dwells in him. "Unto you that beliovo Ho is preoiouB." I leavo tho suhjeot with' you.- ' Go home and live in tho power of this blessed toxt. 