NOTES AND COMMENTS Citizens of the suburbs are warned '.hat when they desire to indti ge in revolver practice at living marks thay must fire at Afglia s or othe: aliens. Employes of this office are exempt. On MAII ay afternoon one of our machinists, while asleep in his camp, was disturb d by a bullet, which ploughed its way across his client just below the left nipple, and came very near to making ail angel of him. Fortunately lie sleeps on his back, so as to per feet himself in snoring. 'f he had lieen lying 011 his side he must have been killed. Any person who ma > shoot at an employfi of tlii- journal after this notice will hear about t in due course. The Perth Fire Biiga-tc is not an <>ivnni-:ttion which permits its heels to run away with its he.il, or its energy to take liberties w th its di cretion. On rece pt of the information of an outbreak of fire a form of procedure is ins'sted upon befiT the en ps is turned oui. First tla per 011 who give the alarm has to fin! a justice or magi-trate, and, after filling in a form for mc'i purpose provided, make oath and fay that he lias good reaon t su pnte and doth to the best o£ his knowledge and belief affirm :<nd decbrf, and, living in mmd the penaltie- and pains'attaching to wilful and cotru, t perjury. states tha lie believes a hous in Haysi reet (or elscwheic) if in danger of being consumed, to wit. the 6ame is blazing like pen lit inn with tbe draught dooreopen and a consignment of k< rosene tirped in to make the light show. Then a policeman is awakened and started out to find the owner or occupier o the premises, who fills in another I'm m. iii which be sets out his name, occupation, address, age, religion, » he her married or single, and if so why and what he t inks of it, specifies his birth-marks, height, depth of chest, empty and inflated, age of parents if living, if dead how long, and where buried, also what they died of, and what ti e doctor thi ught about it. This is merely preliminary. He if then aske i if the house which is alleged to be on fire is his own property or rented, how long he has occupied it, and why he did not get a place not likely to take fire ; also, whether it is of wood or stone or brick, or all or any of them, for how much insured and how soon he intends going back Fast after collecting the amount of his policy. He is then photographed in six attitudes and wlvised to go and Sfe how he place sunlit light and informed if the flame damage any a Ijacent premises he will be held responsib e. Then the bell is rung, and within a couple of hours sometim seven iess—the brigade is on the scene—tying their s >eks round the leaks in the hose, and wondering how long it will take to f.et the engine up from Frcmantle. Tli Transvaal is evidently a gnod place to live out of, j 'dging by the way the levers "f the law me, on occasions, operated Wii take thisca^e from a South African paper : —According to the British Award (the Convention now in force) 300 farms on the South-Western Border had to be given up. and President Kruger admits that 'the owners had to lie compensated by the Transvaal.' A German named Theo. Doms purchased 27 of the farms in 1870, '71 and 72, but could not get them registered, nor would the Government buy some of his farms outright In ' 1887 Doms applied to the High Court for power to compel the registration of the "farms in his name. The day before the case came on in the Court, the Volksraad passed a besluit to prevent Doms from having access to the Court. On the discussion, the President said : It was necesary to pass this besluit because if Dot/is was allowed to come into Court he would assuredly win, and the farms would have to be given up to him, and for political reasons this could not be allowtd. Thus Doms and others, after having the title deeds of the lands, have had to go without thi ir property and without compen- nation.' There is room for comment on this, but the papers in the Vaal do not make any. Oom Paul has a 6tyle of protest against criticism which cheeks it. He shuts down on the offending newspaper, and its first adverse opinion of the Volksraad is usually its last. We have before us the Cornish Post and Mining News," published in Camborne, Cornwall, England. • he paper is a very presentable sheet, and fills a couple of columns with Sews from Foreign Mining Camps." Some of i 1 is interesting, ami some is otherwise. The first item from the '-mining camp" at the Transvaal is " The St eels of Johannesburg are full of mud." The item is a few weeks old, and the weather may have changed, but the news is gi>en in good faith. The next item is rather a la ge order from the mining camp—a somewhat scattered one —of " Australia," and refers to the appearance of a white-eved nigger—who is a Coniishinan—at a theatre in a place called Svdnev. The South Australian "mining camp" furnishes something in the wsy of a sensation as under :— "SHOT THE MANAGER. Charles Cockbnrn, manager of a quartz batten at Heron Island, Brisbane, has been shot by Thomas Harris, who had been discharged by him for drunkenness. Cockburn will recover: Harris will not.'' Except that Brisbane is in North East Australia this paragraph is substantially correct. In the South Australian news also is recorded " An awful story from Melbourne " (another "mining camp" of which some of us have heard). Melbourne is in South Australia, but in the Victorian section of it. A horse-race is run there in the early part of November each year, and is witnessed by several people, some of whom make small wagers on the result. It has a railway, and boats sometimes call in at the Bay (Port Phillip) on their way to England. From the " mining camp " of New South Wales the news is derived that probate of the will of the late William Hooper, - f Gleuelg. has been granted for £20.700. He leaves £100 to each of five institutions and £50 to the Glenelg Congregational Church;"' and further, that " John Treloar. for having smuggled troods in his possession, has been fined £25 at Melbourne." Glenelg is in South A us ralia proper, and Melbourne is loefted in the lust paragraph. Moreover, N.S.W. is credited with a sensation, to which it can lay not the shadow o'' the ghost of a claim,in thefollowing paragraph:— •'SHOT A CHINAMAN. ••Shortly after midnight on Saturday two men named Nancmow and Walters, watchmen on the Catherine United battery, Kaglehawk. saw a Chinese stealing pyrites. Walters fired and shot Ah You, alia* ' Six-Fingered Jack,' right through the back. He was not seriously hurt, and was arrested and charged with the robbery." Kaglehawk is in Victoria, wh'ch many years ag > was portion of New South Wales, but was going " on her own" loin before Eagle- hawk was specked. From the same srurce we learn with alarm and suspicion that over 400 people were treated at Coolgardie Hospital during 1806 for fever, which raged with such violence that 40 patients died within two days. Also that the fever scourge is more violent than ever, and that for three months at least there will not be any diminution in the number (147) admitted during January. The local doctors have not supplied this information to the local press. Another item of Coolgardie news is furnished in the intimation that Mr John Penrose was on Wednesday evening re elected Mayor of Silverton. This is the sixth consecutive time Mr Penrose has been elected to the position—which about constitutes a record." Silverton is not. in Coolgaidie. It is the capital of Thursday Island, near Sydney, Tasmania, and is peopled mostly by aboriginals and pearl fishers, who elect Mr Penrose, every year to the mayoralty, as he is the only citi7.cn who can speak Knglish—a language none of them understand. The last item of " camp " news is from Broken Hi 1. where a man named Brokenshire was killed in the Lake View South Mine. Kalgoorlie. Our Cornish contemporary is a little out in some of its details. For instance, Australia is not a mining camp—at least not all of it. There are mines in the district, but in some parts of it there is agriculture and pastoral pursuits, and manufactures give employment to some hundreds of people. It is a large conn 1 IT. If Cornwall vrere taken up in the night and dumped down on the smallest of its territorial divisions it might be weeks before the papers got hold of the fact, and if it were possible to lift England and rlrop it in the heart of Westralia, the inhabitants of the island would, perhaps, not be discovered for 50 years, unless its loss was reported, and explorer Calvert sent out with a policeman and a search warrant to look for it. It is to be regretted that these errors find their way into Knglish newspapers. A more intimate acquaintance with the Australian g ography should be cultivated, and chiefly, the fact drilled into growing lads who may emigrate, that the capitals of the provinces are cities richer and larger than many in Europe, that most of the people are white, and are taught to speak English as well as their native language. Also that Melbourne is the capital of Sydney, and New South Wales is in Victoria, the metropolis of which is Albany, South Australia. The newspapers—we will do them the justice to say— know this, but the knowledge should be given out, disseminated as it were, and not locked up, like the secret oath of a baldheaded bushranger, in the editorial breast. " A Miner " writes that some of the best gold ever found in Coolgardie was unearthed in the Faith mine some weeks ago. He says : " If it had been exhibited in the town at that time it would have done a great amount of good." It is very much to be regretted that it was not exhibited in the interests of the field. Our correspondent is, he says, prepared to substantiate his statement" We shall be pleased to publish as much of this kind of information as can be supplied—if it is reliable. We have a dim recollection of the float ng of the '• Faith," and those who invested in it wi'l doubtless be pleased to hear that it gives premise of justifying their faith. Rumor (says the Broad Arrow Standard") is credited with possessing a thousand tongues, and llumor is therefore oftentimes a manifold liar. Some people are so apt to jump to pessimistic conclusions •.hat a high official connected with a mine cannot visit that mine but these lugubrious individuals announce positively that the " Great Frost" or the Broken Pledge" is going to be closed down and all hands sacked, from the manager down to the trucker. The babblers should find out the real *tate of matters before running hot-foot about the neighborhood giving voice to their ill-conceivcd and ill-omened predictions. During the past week or two persistent rumors have been flying around relating to the closing down of one of our big mines, but after all-concentration of labor was all that the management sought, and there is not the slightest reason to fear that th* mine spoken of will take advantage of total exemption even if the Warden would grant such a request, which we b lieve he would not do under the circumstances. 