II. It was the last day of the old year. For the first time or. record NM Silvain so far departed from his usual habits as not to leave home till afternoon. ' And he was dressed like a prince, madame ! A brand new overcoat, with a fur collar; and a hat you c,,uld see yourself in. I was to give his compli ments, and say that he would have the honour of waiting upon you at four o'clock when he hoped to find Mime Renee also at home,' said Marthe, Mme Edward's maid. Meanwhile, her fellow-lodger, walk ing with his most juvenile step, crossed the river, along the boulevard, to the Palais Royal when he entered a florist's shop, and purchased, at a fancy price, a superb bouquet of hot-house roses. After a stroll through the brilliantly lighted arcades of the Palais he turned towards home, which he reached shortly before four o'clock. ' Tie ladies are in the salon,' Marthe told him ; ' there is a visitor with them, a friend of mademoiselle, who has just arrived.' * Very good,' he answered, absently. The old bachelor's cheeks were flushed and his heart beat fast as he approached the door of the sitting room. It was partly open, and as he paused, furtively adjusting his collar and cravat, he heard a sound of laughter within-Renee's musical voice mingling with the deeper tones of a man. On the hearth, opposite to him, stood Reene, flushed and radiant looking up into the handsome bronzed face of a tall dark-eyed yo - "'. I :? ' - r. ." and twenty, ss. :., i -:.. i. l ;.,i her hands in-li. ... : arm, from wh.' ; - .:i i .. !;,!i . endeavouring to . . -. . . , ,. . circled her waist. ' Let me go, sir; don't youi :: '. Mme. Everard looks quite scan:i.: :,il she exclaimed, glancing" at . . Everard, whose face expressed the most unqualified disapproval. ' It is at you, then, not at me i' he declared. ' Madame is naturally aston islied that you should object to be re spectfully saluted by your fiance-so ?' and suiting the action to the word, he bent and kissed her. M. Silvain started as if he had been struck, and hastily drawing back. before anyone had perceived his presence, turned from the door. 'Make my compliments to the ladies, and say that as they have a visitor I will not intrude this evening,' he said, and walked away. Safely locked in his own rooms, he stood for a moment looking vaguely round, like one walking from a dream, then, becoming conscious of the roses in his hand, he flung them from him with a passionate ejaculation, and sitting down at the table, let his head fall on his folded arms and cried like a child. Then there came a gentle knock at his door, and he opened it. SI am come to scold you, M. Silvain,' said Renee, with her sweet smile. 'Marthe tells us that you refused to come in because we had a visitor. Surely you did not think you would be intruding? M. Delaunay. wishes to be introduced to you. I ought to tell you,' she added, shyly, that we-that we are engaged, though our engagement has not the sanction of his family, and- you are not ill, M. Silvain ?' He shook his head, smiling con strainedly. ' No, not ill only a little low-spirited.' 'I am very sorry,' she said, gently. SVe have all our troubles -you have yours also, my child, have you not ? But you are young,. and in youth, 'though sorrow may endure fora night, joy cometh'with the morning.'' - 'My ' morning' seems still far off,' she answered with a smile and a sigh. 'Thanks for your sympathy, my sweet friend Good- night.' ' Until to-morrow,' she cried. He ,vatched her out of sight, then stood for a moment on the landing, looking down, deep in thought. When he raised his face it had recovered its usual serenity, and wore a look of resolution which gave it a new dignity. 'Yes,' he muttered, 'I will do it ; she shall be happy. And as for me-well, I shall be no worse off than I was formerly.. Allons !' Daylight was waning when at last Renee and Maurice turned their faces homeward. Half way across the Pont Neuf, Renee paused with a regretful exclamation. 'I quite forgot Pere Joyeux !' ' Who is he ?' her companion de manded. ' An old pensioner of mine; a crippled fiddler who always plays on the bridge. There he is on the other side. l.et us cross over.' ' Never mind now, Renee ; it is get ting dark, and beginning to snow again. (ive him something to-imnrrow.' ' But lthis is New Year's Day, and it seems unkind to neglect him when I am so happy. Look he has seen me-he is looking so wistfully ! Stay here I shall not be a moment.' The road was slippery with fresh fallen snow, and when half way across the girl's foot slipped. She made a vain effort to recover herself, and fell just in the track of the heavy vehicle, which came thundering along, drawn by two powerful horses. The driver on his high perch did not perceive what had happened till ihe bystanders uttered a warning shout, which was echoed by a cry of alarm from Maurice, as he hurried to her assistance. Pere Joyeux, who had been watching her movements, flung his violin aside, and before Maurice could reach the spot, he had snatched her literally from under the horses' hoofs. ' What.an escape !' Maurice gasped. I 'Are you hurt, Renee ?' ' No, no; but where is Pere Joyeux, who has saved my life ?' she asked anxiously looking around. Then Renee saw the figure of her old friend stretched insensible upon the asphalt. The next moment a policeman approached, and after a few briet inquiries, which, Maurice answered, peremptorily dis persed the lookers on and hailed a passing carriage giving the order : 'To the Hotel Dieu.' ' Is he seriously hurt ?' asked Renee, when she went to the hospital. ' He is dying,' was the grave reply. ' You are surprised at the change in his appearance ?' the surgeon remarked in an undertone ; ' he had been wearing a false beard, and without it he looks quite a different man. It is possible that he--' 'Is she there ?' the patient asked faintly. 'I am. M. Silvain to you,' he said when they were alone ; 'but your father knew me as Silvain Mathieu.' ' What ! It was you whom my father wronged ?' she faltered. 'Dear child, you have repaired the wrong and left-min your debtor,' he gently replied. 'You know what was fO:merly _ my profession ? I was a dan-ing master ; I met with an accident and became a cripple. I had little money. I lost it in a speculation. I had the natural instincts of the vaga bond. I became the street musician. I am the Pere Joyeux. Do not look distressed. - It was a life just suited to me. I could be a gentleman at times -as M. Silvain. I had not as many friends as Silvain as I had as le Pere Joyeux. I loved you as a daughter when you first put money in my hand. But there is more than that. Renee kissed the injured man. He continued : 'The false beard and the wooden leg made all the difference to some-but not to you. Yes kiss me again,' and with the ghost of his former gallant manner he raised Renee's hand to his lips. Renee was sobbing. 'gush !' he interrupted gently; 'What better fortune can I have than to save your life and secure your happt ness ? Renee, you will find a parcel in my desk directed to yoirself. I restore your gift, dear-as I meant to have done -it I had lived. There is no obstabie now between you-and-your lover. God bless you both. How dark it grows-and cold ! 1)o not be sorry for me, dear-I am quite content,' he con tinued, with a tranquil smile. 'Quite content,' he repeated, and with the smile on his lips he died. On the afternoon of their wedding day, before starting on their journey into Normandy, .Renee and Maurice 2.: L ; it ; u l ,')r 3 ..' .,,; ..,.. .' .."I' 'Yes,' she concluded with a happy smile, 'Sorrow endured for a night, but joy has come with the morning !'-Newo York Time. 