CHRISTMAS, 1897. m Perhaps if the popular idea of Christmas as it exists in the general mind were analysed and examined we should find its ruling and colouring features to be a sense of what the preachers and poets have said of the festival, with here and there a tag of familiar verse or an echo of church bells, a strain of familiar music which is half a carol and half a joyous song, a memory of family and friendly reunions, and an atmosphere of old stories and of Christmas numbers of the illustrated papers. These are the superficial characteristics of the season, and its associations are so familiar and so universal that the popular analysis never goes much further. But it is this universality that makes Christmas unique among festivals and endows it with a character distinct from that of all others, since it is the only one which is so cordially celebrated throughout Christendom and where the influence of the Christian ideal has made itself known and felt. From St. Petersburg to Paris and from London to Sydney the festival as a festival is identically the same, and from Klondyke to Kalgoorlie, as well as from the quiet domestic circle at home to the ship riding out a storm or becalmed on a tropical sea, its charm makes itself felt in the same old familiar way. But it is in its religious significance that the influence of Christmas goes much deeper and further than any other, inasmuch as it summarises in one great Event the whole system of Christian teaching and practice, and that ideal of peace and goodwill which is the characteristic note of Christmas and which underlies all the social amenities of the season. Hence it has come to represent in a peculiar and special way that sentiment of civilisation which owes so much to Christianity in the concrete and to its ideals of life and conduct in the abstract. We cannot separate the religious side of the festival from its merely festive and social character even if we would, and wherever Christmas is kept and celebrated during the twenty-four hours in which we now find ourselves its religious aspect, whether openly expressed or tacitly felt, remains necessarily the dominating and governing one. I Where so many associations cling round Christmas it is in the nature of things that we should find it a festival of memories and associations, and the law of life's averages naturally insists that many of them should be read ones. We are a year older, and it is the law of life that every year has its own personal as well as pecuniary profits and losses. By some subtle alchemy of its own Christmas has a way of accentuating these latter, and whether the world is growing sadder or merrier it remains a truism of the time that Christmas has its associations of regret as well as of merry-making. It may be merely by force of contrast, or because the touch of vanished hands and the sound of once familiar voices are more vividly associated with this time of family gatherings and pleasant meetings. But whatever the cause may be, it is certain that the element of contrast enters largely into the idea of Christmas. To many who will celebrate the day in Australia this year, indeed, its cardinal impression will be one of contrast. The mind's eye will turn from the parching plain or the Sunny street to linger on a recollection which every year makes fainter-of snow-covered landscapes, of the cold of winter, the green holly, and the cheerful blazing log of Yule. The pathetic pretence will still be kept up of conforming to the familiar traditions of the Christmas season by making it an indoor holiday instead of one to be spent out under the green trees or by the blue sea. In diet as well as customs an impossible attempt will be made to keep old habits alive, but as time goes on the tendency to modify these things to suit the climate and conditions of an Australian Christmas becomes more unmistakably marked. The younger generation of Australians have other associations with the day, and these in course of time will gradually eystallisa into traditions of their own. Perhaps the old fashion had the advantage that it set up fewer disturbing counteractions of the religious sentiment of the day and all that this means to society and the individual, but it is not wise to quarrel with the necessities of the situation, and where given circumstances exist it is for those who have a responsibility in the matter to adapt themselves to the new demands. Then it has to be acknowledged that a good deal of what may be called the picturesque characters of the Australian Christmas is communicated by this effect of contrast. The mise-en-scene always enters largely into one's impressions of things, and it is so here. When we think of the Australian Christmas the sun plays a large part as a scene painter. We look over a stretch of level landscape to the distant hills over which piled clouds drift slowly like the white sails of aerial fleets. The drowsy hum of insect life is heard everywhere, the shrill cicadas sing in the' trees, and these cast long shadows on the dry grass. The lagoon gleams in the sun like the polished case of the mirror of a lady of old Japan. The long road whitens in the sun and loses itself in a cloud of dust in the distance. A shimmering heat haze rises and veils the landscape in a luminous mist, like a prospect seen through glass or water. The long shadows contract, the hum of insects becomes more drowsy, the heat haze quivers like a fairy gauze, the landscape lies aswoon under the sun of middle day-and the tinkle of ice is pleasantly musical in the glass ! Or it may be that one looks out over the bright waters of Sydney Harbour, where the white wings of sailing boats glide by and a cool breeze is murmuring gently in the trees. The wavelets break with a pleasant ripple on the rocks below, and from some unseen picnic party near at hand comes a light echo of the daughter of girls. You lie swing in a hammock under the trees like Kingsley's buccaneer in his " pleasant isle of Ages," with the blue wreath curling upwards and a restful sense of quiet in the air. The Sunlight sparkles on the water and the green leaf twinkles on the tree. The balsamic odour of the eucalyptus is everywhere, and the white trunks and branches stand out like a delicate tracery against the back- ground of olive and so far as you know or care you might be buried away in the depths of on un- broken solitude thousands of miles from the eager crowd instead of being almost within sound of the busy streets. This is the Australian Christmas as I conceive of it under the most favourable conditions, and what could be more complete than the progress Balwyn either, of those *..",,"_"!"_ tures and at'" Christmas as it has become known to some of V at the other side of this contradictory planet of ours. For myself I like to contrast it with a Paris Christmas in my recollection, when this wealth of sunlight was quite inadequately replaced to Australian eyes by the sun genial aspect of winter. The snow fell in noiseless drifts, whitening the streets and housetops, and clinging to old towers like white flower wreaths on age-disoolpnrod tombs. Along the boulevards on Christmas Eve the gay crowds gathered and thronged, but the little white topped tables that usually thrUst the pedestrian off the trotters were discreetly withdrawn under the shelter of the awnings, and the pathway was free once more. Yet even under those adverse conditions the mercurial Parisian crowd maintained its rattle of good spirits and its proverbial gay demeanour. And Christmas itself was as unlike the Australian Christmas as it very well could be, with the endless snow the characteristic feature every where, ' All day the crowded churches seemed to give forth their crowds of worshippers, and all day and might see their old doorway.-! lined withmiscrably-olad types of human wretchedness soliciting the relief that was so generously afforded. Here one might see the comfort and wretchedness of one of the richest capitals of the world paraded in striking and dramatic contract, and the observer curious to witness something of the misery of great cities might find it in excess of his desire in the groups of shivering wretches who crowded into churches like Notre Dame and Saint Sulpice as soon as they were emptied, to gather warmth and the ghost of comfort from the warm air shafts by means of which the vault- like atmosphere of these old buildings is tempered. Bat poverty and wretched ness are to be found everywhere ' without seek- ing even in Sydney. Indeed, this is one of the most marked of the Christmas contrasts, and one can hardly praise too. highly the true sympathy and genuine philanthropy of those who make a really earnest effort to soften the lot of the poor at this season. Every year this good work goes on in Sydney, and hundreds of poor families or. homeless walls owe some share of Christmas comfort to the unselfish exertions of good men and women who do what it is permitted them to do the. time even . ,.".";?" :" ..""..". they miss:.. And is not this the best way to carry into something like practical effect - the " good- will " sentiment of the Christmas season P The homilist has done his part in building up this sen-, times, by basing it on the noblest type of altruism the world has ever seen. We may differ as we will, or as we must, about dogmas and creeds, but it is no less historically than dogmatically true that the ideal of Christian charity and humanitarianism had its most fruitful seed in the religion which began with the Event the day is intended to commemorate. It may be said that philanthropy always existed, and that Mtimanl rtarianism isinatinonye in human nature, but the practical philosophy of the Souls? life has more in common with that religion of the survival of the fittest which makes " nature red in tooth and claw, and self-help its final as well as its primal law, than with the motive which has organised charity and consecrated philanthropy, and exalted humanitarianism by consecrating it to a religious aim. It is this which differentiates the civilisa- tion of our day from that of the antique world. We may have lost something of the old classic grace of life, but that existed only for the learned and the rich, Behind the alluring front it still puts forward through its apologists there was the grim background of incomparable wretchedness of millions who lived lives without the comfort of Wealth or the grace of culture, rounded off by death without the solace of a supernal hope. When Christianity came in, with its Christmas ideal of goodwill towards all men, those conditions began to change. The hospital became the Hotel Dieu, and the asylum for the aged and I poor was first known as " God's House." So that the people who aim at this season of the year not to make Christmas a festival of selfish enjoy- ment, but to spread its sentiment of goodwill abroad by doing what they may to relieve the wretchedness which must always exist around them in a more or less degree, are those who is the end are most consistent with that ideal of Christmas which, after all, is not a more acute mental ideal, but a cardinal principle of the Christian faith. 