(JilArTER Vll. On the north-west shores of Bantry Bay lies a fairy valley. It is surrounded hy wild hills, hare and broken and irregular, and the approach to it is so desolate and dreary that when blue water and fairy islets and leafy woods burst suddenly upon one, it looks as if Nature had been trying her hand at a transformation scene. The coach from Bantry was dashing along in the sunset of a June erening, laden with passengers and luggage. The horses trotted swiftly down the leafy road, where dusky branches of yew, and arbutus, and holly shut out the westering light. It was very still and very lovely in the heart of those deep woods, and the noise of the tramp, ing hoofs and cracking whip seemed a desecration of their exquisite solitude. Then, suddenly, the road widened and si sued out on cither side. On the left, hemmed in by purple mountains, .and flooded now by the gold of sunset, spread a wide, bluo bay, crowned with tiny"islands; on the right, sheltered by tall fire, and bowered in a luxuriant foliage of shrubs and flowering plants; stood a long, white building with a^glsuS porch. It. was the ■ first of the. three hotels in Glengariffj* for that was the name of the fairy valley, with its Alpine scenery and its semi-tropical climate. The tempered breezes of the Atlantic swept in from the Gulf Stream. The spacious stretching mountains sheltered it from summer heat and winter cold. It looked as if Nature loved it, and had given it for dower her fairest gifts of wood and stream and mountain; of cool, green depths, where waterfalls and tor rents fell and foamed, of lovely air and ever-changing skies. Two of the passengers on the coach were so lost in wonder and delight that they forgot to dismount. It needed a reminder in the polite Irish fashion to bring them down to tho commonplace level of tho waiting ladder. Wasn't it ltoehe's, you said, miss? Shurc, we're waiting for ye these ton minutes, and yer baggage is out on the steps beyant!' One of the women started. * Come, she said. 'What are we dreaming about? And how many sceonds go to an Irish ten minutes?1 'About sixty, I fancy,' said the other passenger, as she proceeded to follow her companion, crab-fashion, down the step-ladder. There were some people in the glass porch, which vra3 open on one side, furnished with basket chairs and a table or two, and bright with tall fuchsias and hydrangeas that stood about in earthenware unts. The voice o£ the ubiquitous American was audible ' guessing' and ' consider ing* and generally making itself notice able in the person of a tweed-clad woman of ample proportions and wonder ful headgear, and a still ampler tweed clad man whose stature and corpulence were a living contradiction of the national characteris'tics of his race ' Our room is ordered,' said Hell, for Nell it was who had arrived, to the hotel proprietor as he advanced. 'Miss Nugent and Miss Gray. We telegraphed from Cork.' The courteous manager remembered the names. Yes, a room had been re served. He hoped the ladies would find it comfortable. The hotel was very full, just now. He had scarcely a room free. He touched the bell, and! ordered their baggage to be taken up stairs, and told a chambermaid to show them the way. When they reached their room, at the end of a long corridor, they gave an exclamation of delight: Two windows were open to the mountains and the bay.. A flood of amethyst and golden, light made radiant all the circling heights; below, the densely purple shadows lost themselves amidst piled masses of rugged rocks and the thick ness of shrubs. Everywhere the light glowed and fell—translucent, changeful, wondrous—for never yet was alchemist who could boast of such prodigal skill as the sun at setting time when he lingers behind some favoured mountain crest.. ' Oh, isn't it heavenly,' cried Nell, as she gazed and gazed in ever- increasing wonder. ' I never saw anything so beautiful! Oh, Debbie, aren't you glad we came, and you wanted to stay at Bantry? . . . Oh, to fancy we might have missed this!' The comprehensive sweep of her hands spoke volumes. ' How many more Ohs, to make up the sum of your rapture, Nell V' said Deborah Gray, in her quiet, deep voico, but her eyes were eloquent and appre ciative as Nell's own. It was her holiday. The promised holiday to which they had both looked forward. The one from the stifling city, and the crowded hospital, the other from the shabby Dublin lodgings where she had been living with her brother, taking a day at Kingstown or Bray as her only change. But the sacrifices made, the little economies, the carefully saved pocket money, were all forgotten in this glorious moment. Here they were, in an earthly paradise, the treasures of the sea and islet and mountain at their feet j the warm sweet summer days of idleness and repose at last their own. ' Oh, I am so happy 1 So happy 1' cried the girl at Inst, tiitips her radiant eyes. to the quiet face beside- bert ' ' Ohe is glad to be alive, to be human in. such a scene as this. Debbie, why don'tr you speak? Can't you get up a little'J enthusiasm, for once?' . | ' Perhaps I feel it as strongly as you; • doy Hell, but I can't express it. One \ often fee^ that words hare a poverty stricken effect when une is Very deeply -a.! moTed. So I take refuge in silence-' ' But you are not disappointed 2 Yon* are glad you came ?' ■ - . 1 More glad, than I can tell you.'" . 'And for two long, lovely weeks wo shall look at this!' continued Hell, ' Feast our eyes and senses to our hearts' : ' content. I wonder what sort of people are staying here,' she added, suddenly. - 'I heard the voice of an American cousin in the porch. I hope she won't want to know us. X believe Americans ■ always do want to know everybody, , though, when they're travelling.' Oh, we can easily avoid them,'said Y Deborah Gray, as she left the window.-■ ■ and went over to the toilet table-to ; remove her hat. She had left her nursing dress behind her, and NelL thought she did not look nearly as well .. in orthodox travelling gear. ■ The girl still hung out of the window. unable to tear herself from the lovely ■ view. She did not "mind being hot or.-. dusty, or remember that they had had a long day's travelling on no better pro visions .than a few sandwiches and a. glass of lemonade. Food seemed a coarse and commonplace thing beside this changeful splendour of the mountains, this opal light on the stirless waters, this fragrant dusk of woods that held all the breath and beauty of summer in their leafy depths. 'I don't want, to disturb you,' said Deborah Gray, at last. . ' But may t ask if you intend to dine off a view to night? ' The table d'hote is Ions over:. but I must remind you that a colli-": : chicken and accessories are awaitingua; in the dining-room.' <s " ' V '; If ell gave a long sigh and left, the window. - ■■Oh, dear; you are quite ready,"she-. exclaimed, as she noted Deborah'b.' ,i neatly-coiled hair and clean collar, and -* the fresh tints that cold water and.soap.' had giyento-her dusky face. ' Of course, I am,1 laughed Deborah : ''and you, 11 see, have got out of all', your good habits-already.' ' I won't, be five minutes,' really,;', said Nell,, ' and I'll make you a present of them.. So go to the window, and' . ' ithaiik tho'gods.you Havo byes-to see.and a.heart to appreoiatoisuoh a scene.' . 'Allthe same; I am very Hungry;!' ' said Debomh, with a. smile.': 'Goth and'Vandld! Why, the very ' thought of oating is a sacrilege 1" ' : 'I am afraid the Hotel would.fare badly if everyone who oamo here shared that opinion,' said Deborah Gray. Yet, for all her'jesting, she appre ciated the beauty before hor as keenly. ; as Noll herself. The first flush and brillianoe of the sunset ware fading ! now. The mountains had a warm, violet tint that deepened and changed . to brown as the twilight shadows crept down the rocky slopes. Tho steep, pathways wore bordered with geraniums and wild fuohBia, and tho lovely coral , blossoms of the oscallonia. A stretoh of . greenlawn fronted tbo building, on whioh • some cows wero grazing.. Trom below. - oamo the sound of voices, the bark of a dog, a ripple of girlish laughter;. Figures passed to and fro, nudor tho ■ trees, discussing plans for tho morrow; It was an idyllic scene. Deborah Gray knew that in her ohamhor of momorios none hulf so lovoly or so full of restful peace had ovor found a place. When Nell had washed the dust of the journey from her face and hands, and smoothed hor ruddy ohestnut hair, thoy went down into the dining-room. A oonsidorate waiter had laid a tahlo for two in a window recess that looked out on to the garden. The window stood open, the soft, balmy air blow in, ladon with the breath of aromutic shrubs;. A shaded lamp tlirow a rosy tingo on the white eloth and on the flowers in their slender glasses, on tho dainty . arrangements which made oven fowl and salad, and bread and fruit look more poetio than mere food often does..' There was no one else in tho dining room. Thoy ate, and drank; anfy. ohatted, and laughed over the incidents . of the journey with a sense of pqrfo.ct ' ' freedom and perfect enjoyment. ; After all, there are things in a girl's • life whisk a ma would only awil&v; - •her. That sense of utter unconcern, of \- ieart-whole enjoyment, of perfect con . tent with the hour, aiul what it brings. 'These were Nell's own, at last. She acknowledged to.herself they were good and-desirable things, and that she was the better for their possession. "When they had finished their meal they went out, and found a path that led them to the water's edge. The fairy islands lay before thciii, sleeping under the liquid gleam of moonlight. 'The plash of the ebbing tide on the jebbly strand was the only sound in the perfect stillness. • They seateil themselves 011 the bank, where the great tree roots had made a natural seat. It was not a tiine to speak. It was just one of those blessed restful pauses that fate vouchsafes some times to tired mortals. These two women had known what it was to be fired—very, very fired. Titer' :acknowledged in this moment, that it was worth while to have known and suffered for that fooling: "How could thoy so well appreciate the present peace yrere.it not for past toil ? ' -,-It might have bntfn "a- long or sliort time tBcy had sat tliere, saying nofhing, only dreaming and resting as the-quiet stars came out iii clustering groups, ond the moonlight grew slowly brighter aboVe the purple hlacknesSof the niou 11 - tains. In-such a moment'one "takes 110 count of passing moments. It is enough just to he and to dream. . A step, crushing the dry twigs and uneven stones 011' the path behind them, roused them at last.' Their solitude'was to be disturbed evidently. They sat still; their dark blue linen dresses were not distinguishable from the bracken and undergrowth; their hats lay on their laps. The step came steadily on. There was a sound of soft-whistling, and a light-cane idly switched the low stretching boughs 011 cither side. Then a inan came suddenly upon those two still figures, so suddenly that his foot trod on Nell's skirt before he even saw there was a woman's dress in his way. Ho stopped short with a murmured apology. Nell glanced up, and a gleam of inooulightfell ou her uncovered head, and lit up the blue eyes beneatli their delicate arched broirs. There was a faint ciy of wonder—aii exclamation—and then she sprang to her feet. The stranger was Dick Barn-more. He recognised her in a 'moment, though it was the first time he had seen her without the nurse's cap covering her pretty chestnut hair. As they'shook hands and uttered 'wonders' at so " strange a meeting, Deborah Gray also rose to meet him. Then came the in evitable and commonplace explanations. It appeared that Dick and his uncle were staying at .JCillamey, but had come up to Glcngnriff for a couple of days, having heard that it was so ex pected of the tourist. They had been 'doing Ireland' for the last two months, beginning at the Giant's Cause way, and so working on to the south and south-west coast. After that explanation there was a little embarrassed silence while they mentally studied each other under the clear moon rays and noted the changes that these past months had made. Dick had certainly altered for the better. His face had recovered colour and flesh; the fair hair curled close about his temples, and the soft, thick moustache set off the somewhat stern mouth and sharply-cut features. The well moulded chin was no longer dis figured by a beard, as when Nell had last seen it. His figure was well clad, and he carried himself with the ease and grace of recovered strength. She forgot her embarrassment as she made mental notes of these improvements, and spoke of the change with candid approval. ' And you ?' he said. ' Arc you still in the hospital ?' ' Oh, no, I have left,' said Nell. 'They said I was not strong enough for the work, so-1 am taking a rest. My friend, Miss Gray, is paying her respects to my country for the first time, and we have come here for our holiday. Isn't it strange that we should all meet again—and in such a manner?' ' 'It is strange,' he said, 'but very pheasant. I have , often hoped to see "you again, Miss Nugent. I—I often , Wondered if you got my letter.' , :& 'Oh, yes,' she said, 'I got it.' if < You never answertd it,' he said, i iptoachfiilly, and in a slightly lowered •yoifs, ' -" ; " — / I was very busy/ she said, i at the time. The ward was full, and they were all .bad cases. Besides, I did not think you'would care to hear. There Was nothing to interest you in what I could write.' He was silent, but his eyes took up the reproach of his voice, and Deborah Gray suddenly felt herself reminded of an old proverb, respecting the one too muny. 4 And so you are staying bore/ he went ou, presently; 4 At ltoehe's, I suppose. We are at the other one, lower down. My uncle wotild go there, though 1 wanted him to come here. It has such a lovely situatiou. lieeles is on the road. It is supposed to be the crack hotel, and my uncle has a weakness for " crack hotels." In that respect he is quite American. For my part I' would, aiwars avoid them. They mean high charges, crowds, and inattention.' - He was talking now for the sake of talking, conscious all the time of the slight figure so close to hiuil of 'the large soft eyes that rested on his face, of every movement of the smail restless hands,- swaying the white sailor hut to 'aud -fro l>y its clastic , fasteniug. He j had never known how much, lie bad longed- to' sec her., again until this sudden meeting.'. The feeling which swept over, him was One that'her- near ness ami her laughing speeches intensi fied each moment. She Looked so small and delicate and fragile in this pale light that his heart seemed to go out and gather her up in a warm protecting embrace, as one would gather a child in one's arms who was lonely and troubled and unloved. ' I think/ he snid at last, 4 you must have needed a holiday. You are very much changed.' * I wonder what you would have said if you had secu me when I left the hospital ?' laughed Nell. ' My brother thought it was my ghost when he saw me coming off the steamer. But now I am quite strong and well. I don't need any pity, I assure you.' There was another pause, and Deborah Gray came to the rescue and suggested it was getting late and they ought to be returning. * It is cruel to shut oneself out from ! such a lovely night and scene,' pouted INell; but, all the same, she turned, and he with them, and they walked slowly ! lip the steep path and through the 1 wooded grounds until the lights from the'hotpl came into view. Dick'Barrymore felt he had no excuse for lingering. He stood—where his own road branched off—half afraid of the question trembling on his lips. Nell took it off for him quite naturally, with a careless grace that made it seem a very ordinary one indeed. ' I suppose wo shall sec you again,' she said, 'as we are fellow-travellers, and so near one another. I have a longing to he on the water, to float all day among those islands. I suppose it is to be managed.' i ' Certainly,' he said with surprising j eagerness. ' It is our programme also for to-morrow. "Would you object to sharing our boat with us. We have au | excellent uinn; lie knows every place and point of interest about ?' ' We pride ourselves qu our indepen dence,' said Nell; 'but we may as well waive objections for once. What say you, Debbie?' And Debbie smiled, and said exactly what was expected of her. 