ELEANOR’S PRIDE. 44 My greatest wish is never to look upon youi face agAin !” exclaimed the speaker, excitedly. ** And my greatest rfTort k) all be to secure to yen the rvabestten ot that wish!” was the answer. Tho two who confronted each other, one with cheeks pallid and daik eyis flaming angrily, the other cold, scornful, immovable, had hut three years l«fnrc promised at Iho altir to love end cl.erteh each other intensely. Eleanor Dare turned from her husband, her breath coining censnteively, hrr bosom bcavinr, anJ her cya* roll on her child—their child lying a-deep in ite; little bed, its sweot beauty appealing powerfully to the mother’s heart. ; W iih a st’ilod cry she fell on her knees by Uie \ otih, burying her face in the coverings. - Tbire *fo forces under nature’s control tap.bln of working change* in man’s heart thVt ail the logic of segrs could not prortnc-' Tht* sight of bis wife, the mother of his child knreling in mute despair besides the little on« Spilling in its inhootnt shop, stirred all the pool up U-ntUmrss of"Dam’s hmrt. n»‘. took a hesitating slop forward and laid one hand l*gh**:l/on B’wtiorV shoulder. \Wh a shudder Sor drew sway from him, not looking up. Ilie hand fell beside 1dm. •* Eleanor !” be said half pl« adingly. SbovTid not answer. Coming neater, ho hr lit , ovor Iho two, aayjug in tones neither calm nor •• Pet hap* wo are both mistaken, Eleanor. Can we mum! this matter ? Do you want peace or shall it be as you said ju*fc now—a lasting reparation ” The powers of good am! evil were struggling do«pcrftlcly fur mastery in the sout of Eleanor Dare. All the tenderness of her nature urged her towards him, and the slot ping child whose rosy fingers her che<k was touching implored strongly though silently forgiveness for the airing hu?»bi*nd. El ring - yen. Ho had committed evil not easily tvpnircd and forgotten, and had dealt his wife’s'lu-nrt a blow that wounded it cruelly. Her pride and shucked affection were u-te-Ming wildly now : Ihn hour had come that conus in tbu lives of almost all huidv.nds and viu'H, wl.cn supremacy must bn conceded to ,,m or the other ; when, if peace and happiness me to continue, one will roust bend and one ken: i no kt the concession which is indispensable to harmony and love. Elmnor Date hr.d never in all her life yi- ldcd to another. Flic had followed her own inclina tion unchecked, and unbiased. She bad done no in marrvirg Philip Dare in opposition to tho wish's cf hor family. In that dreadful mo ment of indecision, when love clamoured so strongly within her bosom, she suffered untold agony. If he had only spoken moro warmly, boon a lrilie loss cnid in his entreaty,this quarrel would, without di-uht, have ended in n concilia tion. Bnt wounded pride and stubborn will, that cannot yield in a minute or a day, prevailed at lci-glh. She turned her fa£b away from him, saying— ** No, I can never forgive you, and 1 was not conscious of reeding foigtveness. 1 here can be no pi ace for us together. Betti r, ter better, «• Very well.” His voice was as cold now ill bcro.vn. “ H shall be as you say. But was \on kindly consider one thing more? The child-” “ She is mine ! ” exclaimed Eh anor. nimosfc furiously starting to her feet, and clasping iho baby to her breast. “ She is mine, by all law, human or divine. I bore bir in sorrow and Buffering, and only death shall take her from “Would it not be as well to dispense with histrionics ? ” asked ber husband. .14 1 have no intention of playing the part of stage villain and stealing your.ohild ,* but if you enu descend to go prosaic a matter, how do you iutend to sup port her ? ” A flash of scorn shot from bis wife’s dark ** Not by your aid,” she replied bitterly. “ I wil nob teach one prnDy of your money, do yon understand ? You are at liberty to bestow it on those whoharc succeeded mein your affec tions. 1 will nob share it with such as they.” ** Eleanor, have a care ! ” he exclaimed, roused now to a pitch of auger hitherto un reaobed.. “ Even you may go too far. I will not stoop to a denial of charges which my wife should blush te repeat or believe. You, who have been so foolishly imprndent, are sacred from such accusations from me ! ” 441 hope—oh, heaven, how I hope 1—you may never have an opportunity to utter such words to roc again ! ” cried Eleanor, turning white to her lips. The litt’o one, awakened by tie raised voices, commenced crying with fright. Eleanor s*nk into a chair, soothing and caicssing the child, all her wrathful pride giving way to sweet, maternal instinct; hut Dare was angered beyond eudurance, aud the sight had for him now no soothing influence. He left the room, saying as he went— You shall have your wish, madam, bul you shall net teach my daughter to grow up haling bor father.” He left the house, and at a late hour thal night had not returned. HU wife closed hei chamber dtor against all intruders. Early next morning be made hia appearance, looking haggard and careworn, and went directly t< the locked apartment. The door was forcible opened, but the room was empty. Elrauoi bad fled with her child, taking nothing witl hrr save the clothing they wore. He did not search for her. His first feeling: were of outraged pride and terrible tngci towards the woman whose flight put upon bin such open shame. In tho first ardour of hii wrHth he said to himself that she was nothing to him and hud forfeited all claim to his pit; or forbearance. Although he could notshirl the fact that he deserved censure, this did no soften the evil of her abandonment of him She know he loved her, end should have listener to him with wifely meekness and te nder rub mission that would have softened his heart he would have sued for pardon, and the chasu of their first happiness would have bee: restored. And she was faulty, tco, he told himself— thoughtless, giddy, too fond of gaiety, not quie and retiring, »8 it became a young matron to be He could not go so far. even in his thoughts, a. to charge Eleanor with antrutb towards hirn yet by nature he was bitterly jealous, and be grudged every word and look given to another no matter how innocently bestowed. These thought* ruled him for a time, bu after a while gentler ones Micrecdad them He missed his wife sadly. He nvoidet society, shunned sympathy, and led tin life of a recluse. He lived in bis dreary, dtser ted houwe, given over to the rule of a gmvi housekeeper, and read or thought or wrote. Hi had no hopes, no iiims. His income suppoitcc him, and no necessity forced him to action, so as the months passed by, he drifted into sullci cynicism and misanthropy. 'Jben the bittrrnrs: of bis heart softened, and be grew to think o Eleanor with tender regret and longing. Ye ho would not seek her. He had decided tka sho was with her family, but they resided tbre hundred mites distant from him, ami he had n correspondents in their vicinity. So he couh learn nothing of her by chance. But Eleanor had not returned to her people They had opposed her marriage, and rathe than tacitly admit their better sense. 6he chos to bury herself in one of our great cities. Sh was not a genins, neither bad she coy specie talent. She was an unskilful seamstress, am blundercred over verbs and nroblems whei [•xamined for a teacher’s ccrtdieite. Lite wen 1 hardly with her. For many long months sh straggled bravely to maiutein herself and littl one nor did false pride restrain her From seek ing any respectable employment ; but th strain upon body and mind was too severe ; he health gave way and a lingering illness follower during which she tested to its fullest cap»rit tho comfort bestowed upon a charity patient 3 a public hospital. A friendly woman lodgir in tho same house with Eleanor cured for tl little Amy, who, in spite of poverty, grew ai tfcrote like a sturdy plant, ani brought now ox jtken a ray of sunshine into the dreary war where Uy the wretched mother. / No pen eta portray tha unfpokcp though ,thronging her tortured brain.. 8ke rememben wliefllendsr hands h»d ministered to her sickness, and a love, blessed beyond ell thei had surrounded her with purest happiness. Tl memory of that Wretched quarrel died awa 8Be thought only Of the constant lover of h joott, the husband whose vtry jealousy gre pu}:6(1uf frlUbforbipg love for her, and who temper trad been intensified by her unbending 1 ■svill. A sick bed U a sc?rcbor for the soul, and Eleanor pare saw iho past years march before her eyes in spectral prccesrion, tilted with tire ghost* of her dead hopes nnd dreams. lh-.clc over her stricken htmt flowed that long rt pr<ss<d lure in n mighty torrent, and mingl'd with it was longing for the husband whom she had abandoned. Bnt self-will is a giant not easily subdued, and tin ugh her wrclcs of suffering had Lumblid her to nil astonishing degree, she was not quite ready to seek a reconciliation. j Hollow-eyed and haggard sho passed out of J the horpitri and returned to the bumble friend | who had t( mice her child, lo seek transient shelter and counsel as to the heat way of now earning her livelihood. The woman looked at her critically. She was emaciated and pallid fronrber long illness, and her sunken eyes, grown unnaturally large and bright, sought her companion's with eager inquiry. ** To tell the truth,Mrs.Clyde’1—Eleanor had taken her maiden trams—“ I don't know what you c>n do, in fact. You see that sewing is pooily paid, and you arc not much of a hand at it, brsi'hs ; and your health is too poor for teaching if you could get it. I don’t know of anything else except housework ; all the shops seem full just now.” Eleanor winerd at this, feeling the ground slipping from under her feet “ Then what will become of me and Amy ?’ “ Well, X dou't know, Mrs. Clyde. There is the Working Woman's Relief Association— perhaps you cei!i>'l3nd aid there. At any rale, slay with me until you can tarn your hand to something.’' Eleanor thanked her warmly, and went to the association rooms. She was told that she must produce testimonials of character from some clergy man cr well known man or woman before M.ythiug could he done. There was no one well eiuugh acquuin'ed with her to give her there-nt least, not of the rank in society required by the association, and Mrs. Gray, a poor washerwoman, was out of the question so f:.r as these worthy Pharisees were concerned. Then for a fortnight Eleanor walked the streets in her desperuto search for some kind of work—any work, decent and respectable. Hint nvght provide the merest pittance. fJbis could not last, however. She hnd uo money, and the needy washerwoman could not long support the two. The sixteenth day after leaving the hospital she suddenly fainted on tlm siici t, was picked up by a burly policemen and taken to Iho nearest sttlion, where after a wbilo she iccovercd sufficiently to give an account of h< tself. A stranger, a fashionably «t ired man, had wPwsscd tho incident, followed her, and I managed to omhear her story and ascertain whero r.he lived. He saw that, in spile of lice I shabby dries, Eleanor was a lady, and when returning-animation warmed the won feature! into life that she was beautiful also, aud resolved not to lose ripht of her. A few days afterwards Eleanor dropped a bundle she was carrying home for Mrs. Gtay, and it was picked up and rrslorcd to her by this stranger, whose name wr-s Van Dorn. Kke did not recognise him. however, and it was not till they had met— by ncrnlont on l er part and design ou hU—several times in the same place that her womanly instinct look aim in. the alt i r* <1 her nu'o afler llmt and did not see him for a week. Meanwhile she as-»tid Mrs. Gray, starching and ironing the finer articles and fetching and carrying buudles, so that the good woman assured her she made ample eonqu nsalion for her keeping. But Eleanor w;«s not satisfied. There was a constant fever in her veins that would not lee her rest—a continual f«-ar for the future that kept her awake Tor hours after little Amy was asleep beside her, and drove the colour from her chock* and lit maniacal fires in her eyes. Succeeding these feverish intervals were hours of apathetic despair from which nothing seemed to rouse her. It was during such a period that she again encountered Van Dorn. Tired in body and soul, she was leaning for a moment’s rest agidnst a pillar of a vast cathedral, when, in pissing,..bo saw her, turned, and came to her, holding out his band. •• At last I ” he said eagerly. M Where have you been this ago ? Ah, pardon me—I scarcely kuow you—I have no right to speak, bub—’ “You most not talk to me,” answered Eleanor,listlessly, letting her hand drop to her side. “ Please go away. You are following me for no good purpose ” •» This is too cruel. Do cot misunderstand me,” cried Van Don), more roused tbau he had deemed prsrible. “ You arc suffering—you need assistance. Let me be your friend, and I will prove that 1 enn be faithful.” “1 have no friends 1 ” exclaimed Eleanor, wildly, shrinking away. “ Let me alone if you have any pity fur me ; 1 am wretched cnougl already.” She tried to pass him, but he gently detainee “ Wait,” he said, his langour vanishing com pletely. “ Wait one moment—there is nobody near. What is the use of heating about thf bush—of picking words so carefully. Let me speak honestly, and do you answer me in kind, I have been to the trouble in making inquirict about you. Mis. Clyde, and know lhat you havi a husband living and a child. You have clioscr for some good nason. probably, to leave youi •husband. Vt ry well, with that l have uothiiu to do, ns it is an iniun mountable barrier to m} approaching you honourably. I can offer yoi no legal claim to my protection, but there re mails the unpleasant fact that without tka protection you will soon starve—you and youi child. You are not able to do the work you cat , get, and have no experience in the work natun intended for you. It follows then that you mus accept charity from one of ihrso sources : Thi public charity will send you to the almshouse 1 ; —Eleanor shuddered—“ that bestowed by you hard-working friend ike washerwoman am that which I offer you. For yourself you migli not care so much ; but there is your innoceu child, for whom iu a measure yuu are respon siblc. Gan you see her suffer when you migh prevent it, if you would Eleanor turned upon him, all tho cold scon and pride flashing from her beautiful eyes, for ; moment transfiguring the pale and waste* features. Then, ns tho conviction, wrought b; ; his words gradually impressed itudf upon he mind, the burst of resentful indignation change' , by turns to fear, doubt, repulsion, and at las to despair. Her eyes, full of hopeless longing looked not at but beyond him, into the cole clear sky, Sho bad hitherto forgotten wba day ibis was ; but through the numbness steal ing over her, penetrated the thought lhat it wa the fifth anniversary of her marriage. Wa she going mad, or did a voice whisper softly *• I, Eleanor, take thic, Philip, to be m wedded husband, to have and to hold, for riche for poorer, f jr bettor, for worse, in sickr.efi an 1 health, to love, honour, and obey, till death d us part ? ” Her companion, watching her ciosely, nnto ^ the changes on her speaking fac*, and undci stood them in part. He know that he must ac ' quickly and shrewdly, or the game was losl He touched her arm. | “ One word from you aud your child's futui 1 is decided and your troubles arc at an end.” Kkranor did not answer. The voices of th singers rehearsing in tho cathedral floote * softly down to them through the frosty »i: ' The solemn beauty of those tones, the pure an ! tender memories they awakened, pave b< * rtrcngtb. She broke from Van Dorn and n ^ treated into the veitibulp, while ho foUowc [ slowly, bewildered and surprised. “ Arc you never going to apeak, or is tl: ■ alternative of starvation so attractive ?” b ■ impatiently asked. She iiliivered and recoiled as if from a blow 2 recalled from her dream of tho past to th * stern realities or tho present. What this ma ,d said was true ; without assistance she must f-co f starve. DaroJ she send him away ? Ob, whs D should she do ? She stood silent, gazing fixed! j before her, tern by many distracting thoughts ie then all at once sbo again hrard that voice d which seemed so real and yet so unreal, am d this time it said, “ Eleanor, my wife !” Th 1 spell wa* broken. With a cry she dashed pas Van Dorn and (led from him, thinking only c •j Philip Dare as she sped homeward to her chil d and his. The barrier of her pride was broke 2 down at last, and her resolution taken. 5 Philip Dare , stood looking from his librar lc window, though blind to the landscape without for his heart was full of maddening mcraoriei »r He saw his wife’s fair face, he heard the tone „ he had loved so well rising in the swtet song |€ pf early dayi, and a seb burst from his lipi minglud with her namo. *• EIft»nor—ob, Eleanor ! n \V*s ho dreaming, or hurt the dream grown reality ? For ft woman’* hand touched l.is r.rin, and into his face )0‘ kid the cyeB of Ins ri>ion, tender, loving, app« aling. «• I nm hi-re, i’li-lip ! Doe* this mean I am your wife still, forgiven, loved, iu spite of nil The transport of his surprise almost stunned Dare, and he cotiltl hardly persuade himself that this was not the fnircst of diditsious ; but as tbo full realisation came to him bo ex claimed— “ Forgiven, Eleanor, my diarcst, my wife? If tbeic bn alight to forgive it was pardoned long ago. Oh, I never dreamed of this happiness ! n Ho tool: into his arms the mothor i*nd child, for little Ainy had vondcriugly followed in Eleanor's steps, and thero in the shadows of tlio quiet room, lighted only by occasional gleams of firelight, the reunited pair lifted their hearts in silent thanks to God for the happiness that was theirs once more. 