r 1 3 T Ci T 1 1\ ff JL s , O R S G 3 M A I 1 3 T7" .Cb ± , ONKIUOMANCY. A :.-IC!i' 'IILSOX Khl.MiDK i>v A :-a;Kon> HI-: I'rv. [•: :ward Kay. an Anqlicati air ra'\'m aa , sva-. i air of t!i" maav u n ia aa a a a t w h o were I'uiin j d by tie 1 pcoul-itiMiis ol tint uruttrrahla villa;.':, d ai)a;' 1'. thour, ot' " laherat"i-" no oriery. j [,. irl | J,.st the whide Ot' his savin,;-, from tha thrift of yrars, hoavtl-ad loviti^iy for tii" bear;ic of iias family. His living hal 'otam a small and po >rlv [),ad oae m 1' '\'o,.shi;v A t'tcM- the crash winch £ « h>-A'"d th» lliglit ot' the arcli- ro^'Us*, ami whr.-li fitpiaved Hay of eviay -ixjienca he had laid iiy, ho up has keneiiee. .-ual with what ho could scrape together from tho taile of his furniture, pictures, library, and a few other belongings, had ouii^rateil to \\\ ostorn Australia. This colony had boon selected, chietiy tlirough the vOV.-ts of the rerro-oaoitiotis nuido by .^1 r. W . Tr.-y!.-:i. {ha"- nierlv M. 1. A. for ( dvi no'a;h w!a>, while in London, hal Uvtutvd with much -iiccrss. on the laaiairces o f We Ray'n son, IdaroM, was reiiraiariv with.lrawn i'lom (' •• m laad^-e, when* l.-e had hemi an i;a .-eayraihrde f wo years. This eutiiny short i>f hi- cm]-' lege career, wes a woeful d s »;moin: | liumt to vii** vi.i;ng man ; La;* with . commend abh alack and re-djnat ion j ho h ad chm'r I 'da d c:ed ids hope of j j i a: g the i;.naksa bar. and elected, j with a good leeompaia- iris lathe l* ami sia-isi- * • - tho laud or a Tne "'a a fa*n i 1 w ra ' Da-o'ky. h year - oal, -y tli ' h aide, i>y no ia- eiai-v sea- • c ai taaii time wais and Alls! ten; for hike to p of occasion.-. sva -n t a trace neuter s> th. new worn m. her. 1 hoiv, the younger, was et seventeen, ]nst live-i ironi the schoolroom, and a on am , merry, ami s mmrimes i iniscliieviius girl. Mrs U;iy had thed when Aii-oa was -!>;r,.jrt!, and, since 1 that D.dlv ha..l fmumt in her both niotiier and j isier. Wlen iMr Ray decided to leave England with his family, he was accompanied by an intimate friend, George Amyet, a civil engineer, who ! was an enr iimn.ast ic tr.iV'aller, and al- j though still on rjio sunny side of forty, I lnul already been a. nwmuer ot several exploring expeditions, both in Airica i and Asia. ilo was anxious to see j something ot tho vast Australian eon- ' tinent. lie had a small regular in- ; come, ne.d was free to go win re ho ' w nil,:!, having l o in inc ties ^ The Rays had ) o;v been for some years fetiu d inl'erth. The o'.ervyman nad not, been successful in obtaining; a hoitablo parish in \Y estralin, and eanieu a rather precarious income by means of a private school, while Alison, besides bein" he.id housekeeper, gnve music th R-gw.-n ( .'> •:•„.• Amy-t a;. 111Was a 1 cu • 1 am ! ii > • which originaba i in H a;,:' a !. fore their migrai.; m, ait'l Ir.id e and npf*n»<I in th<*;r rub-pf> -1 Ami ic was parti v w:*.!i a v:ew •a v liiij at lease a iuoiip.it com; rtence, to share with his sweetic-nrr, tlnr, Dc.a>-gc consented to jan 1 1 . . ' ' o l d Ray i n a prospecting tour through the gold- i I I p to the time wlmn this veracious J history (an metices, the two friands j hoil made lbri.. i.r no progr •-.*•.•; towards j securing the p;lo" they had fomily | h"p>'i't to auiass. \ Tlu'V had a small show not : 'ar fr.>m ' I <v»ni!iM'.s Find, in the Nortii Murchisoii I ti dd. As it rayuirod thre'e to hold the i ,aouad, tliey had taken as full paruw • a youui,' fellow nan.tMl Tom Daly. II was a \ ictorian ot Irish parentage, mid besides being a right good comrade, was of that hopeful sanguine temperament, ! which hei.elicont Nature seems to have ! hostowed upon iiff ! i ihinaiiati ;sons, as I ! smim rt»oo:np-n.->0 for tlaar almost nro- ;vor ial >il-!uck. ' On a bright September Sumlay. two ; of t iie mate-, (jeory and Tom, wimv taeir luaisian to.emont, i'o'ii do dvia, r away from a hear, of sea*, '.vli lu ( icorge was : eai eiai i i v s: 1: • n ami washing tin; trim- rated .•.cane, lloorge r> special pet, a spl-anlid L'oil fortab'.V at '.* entrance, evaiug his master with aporovin,^ guineas. Tho men ware discussing th" sitindon, and didn't ame-ar at all in love with thfdr prospects, either ia the, j before the tu i art t Jiirg veil ;"/ Aa;:' 1 .' is, ? ; ga' a th;-.. - 3. oven a " micke-;. Po! davil a dou'nt of 1 - \ou i da ii relor ad I > m." wnv. m,: the pcwic-r to came iron ;:'. Wil " W'eli, said bleor. about a huadr-a 1 in the Cue bank, don't mind advancing ;l to tho 1; You oth-r fellows can reaav me hv iastalm* nts." "Goad for vou, old hajv," said Tom, : Sure 1 alw. vs knew you wore a brick. If all the Sassenachs were like yon d vil a growl'd be heard m j the whole of Ireland. if we only had a three-stamp atlair, and could put on i a couple of ^ages men, why wed be inillionair-s in Iters than no time.' | •• if we onlvget out as much as will give us a real good start," said the other, slowly, " and boost the show up i enough to sell out to Cuthbertson, or ! some other of the John Bull speculaj tors, I'll be well srdsfied.'' | Flpre Monarch gave a deep growl, while t,]i!• hair mi his spin*- tm'i11. •• What's ihe tn.-at.M-. Monarch ' .' said !u-i mate. •• D must 1,, HanAl 1 . Put what in.iki^ the dog- g.> 1'; Miin;trr'i fipH,' ami stalled steaui'v away, in a manilen state «>f ib'i I' iat. a ,, v. u 11 a, srac-i'v " • i > a a > i ma; < -. a i'i • i war man .Aanr.iii" with a:--. h.-tu.-'-ii 'In- iH.-ji. F< the '' \io.eeti»r, Lij.shuvt, was ! .v )ai n,r i favmate wiili ( ieurge Amvot, to st ra.nger. drur^r reason f..» uthor d lurl him pre vh msiy both at rasi sooinrd t, N ajiaiii". ami had t'-it from *., a n uaaccouat a'olo aat ipat ti v To D; ic iio'.\a'omrr t'fflin^, ha- lie saitlhd around tin* vi<ic-»r ia no friradh" fa.shioa. until sharplv uial not aav -ptadhc i:«» JaviT.sioti. it was aa- >t !>r l-\'li. And liF doe; haro to th" full in (Jcorio-'s ralhad to ordr;-. dalir/. Lipsliuyt, the ohjeet of instinctive dislike with at least two of the company, was a thin lathy individual of uncertain a^e, with an American drawl, and aa uaooaseionahlc ipiaatiU'of heard ()f a strange ! >•.>! u-, it heini^ imu'i: like »]:i.rk hluo or | purple, than any other tint. Another • p -.-niiarity was the intense paleness I his fare, \vhieh v/as ahno-t eorp-e like. i f*>**iiiinur a truiv woir.i haekgi-..un'l for • a j>air of yu hlaek eves. His hair was l ck "a - rr< iopa(!, and 'he same uaioue color as hi.-: ilowiii" h".-ird a of Altogether he w as as bi/ar.e lookiag n s}-ec]nien of huinamt v as one could ni.-.'i ia a lifelime, H" was also ta-*ituru to a degree, and las conversation A shake-down was soon prepared for the visitor, ami after the evenim. Hi: ll told hi- mates t hat I'! > ea-t vain I on a o > t 1 j I *• i t'< w iis*n i ; niii a oi .-ii is ai 111at I'm i la-11. )ir i"i 11, ' said ( h'oi'ge. •• Ymi know she made me or .mise not to h»s - .si'dil ot vim. if possible. And howevei ' i,r ! ' 11 y°' 1 v ; r n ' t o . " • | good heavers i man, ,1 ,„ i go. # I dmrr like that fellow al all. lies got an ( -- V1 ' 'A'^'- . . . . Here Harold fairly froared with laughter. •• lies a. rum-looking beggar \- . , . . . , , . , , ' i l l all right, sa.d he. out lm can t help his looks. And lie s not at all a bad chap in mv opinion. Don't look so glum, George, I'll look out for number one. I've a good revolver, and knowhow to use it. But the idea of the evil eve 1 I'm astonished at a sensible fellow like you talking such rot." It's treaeherv I fear for vou," re- • ••'1 < h-orgo. \vh<. tV'.t a \ ague imwhich In- •>•!< <;>'; - ' ako off, •"ha!! 11.-vol- tofuive myself i; ron ; r-t lira safe and >ound. AI a!! it-. u-.ii t hi- away imuv than three t h-. Conm hark !„.f,;r,. Christmas np r i 1 e i. a.]i' i wo U take a huh, lav to la Y * " a !-;• •<":itut'!'iit ill a to king r'- a} so! HI answerci! r lav nh„St : i- bml*d. hh ; ttmbie •lunmd to th" i"iii. a s <i r -at in inai; i e a ! i;." aM'li h 1 "-'. riii a a ]a'"par;-i- • a p >r ai i arlv st; .rt ia the •• Yon shall take .Monarch." said George, '"he's very fond of yog. and will make a good night-wateh," " ' biod idea." cliinied ia Tom, - ;md lie's Al at finding th" horses for you in the mornings. " Dogs is a denied noosanco. ' drawled J a! n:z, •• want as much tucker as a man •• Nevertheless,' said, (bmrge decidedlw •'he shall go thi-. tiio. He's well worth his bit of timber." Next morning, the (as'ward-bound travellers departed on their quest vfhile the two mates returned to work', being reinforced during the day by Peter Petersen, a Swede, who had been engaged in Harold's place. Harold's absence was keenly felt by his comrades, for his was a sunny nature which ever has its char::.!. Aral tin' wild and lonely life on the goluiieids is peculiarly suited t > induce devow-d and lasting fri- ndships. Tin* singularity of his comnanion was a frequent topic of coiiY •r.saf.on at the framus' cam| , and Tom had n< w as inter.e a feeling or dislike and mistrust, as ( lenrga-i, himself. j >o ye mean tne fc;a,w ta-oi wrof( li : dietana')' : ask -a -ms cam ••uno:i. " Sa re ii '..• on* <.-i e a e S^ni »o. The man that wouia .nalie a pui . n g: i t ' mied ( itn a- as a • /'laen i a .u ) a^i -, thuv ea a >nkey trie lu cuts u; tiaorge wrote to t;.*rtn, linofuang me father <•{' his son's exri-'dition. What, he wrote t<> the fair giih v.'ho was so patiently waitim/ for him, is too sacred I t<) (]iscloseil rere. j T me went on, witn its monotonous 1 round of hard work in tho boiling j SC!Ult ,,0l,p an,l ti„, numherless msepardiscomforts which are ''lad you ever see such an unholy mug, George V " he asked. One would think'he'd been burm 1 and dug up a,, am. .And !h? hear i ..f rhc di vih Tis jjiucheard lie ought t" b,j called. And in-'s niighty spariu' ol Irs words, to a Faith, heN v.adl-nameJ. 'Tis hira- .v.'lf can keep his litis shut." '• 1 b'liiem'aer wiiat Dr. Johnson said ^ f|.om t h e n ( c o f tJje i o n e e f ' digger. December had come, and four weeks.' exemption had commenced, but there were no tidings of tha absent one. " Flt'd turn up, sure as eggs, on Christmas day," said Tom, "if it's only to give u« a surprise, and 1 m thinking he'll bring an elegant Christmas box for us." "Heaven send him. box or no box," replied George, " if he's not here by the 24th we'd -o aud trace him up, for I'm not at all satisfied. You know how Butler— "Oil go slow," Tom interjected, "'you've worrie ! about old Harold till you're half orf your onion. Now we'll have dinner, and thi* day week we'il laugh at all your fears, see if we don't." It was Christina - '! day. The thermometer :>t-ood at 118 degrees in ths well-sheltercil tent with its double fly. Out-hide, the cooking fire was hhz'mg merrily under the kerosem-tin whieh contained tj,..> padding, while in an oildrum boiled a real wild turkey, shot by Petersen that very morning in defiance of the close season. Of vegetables, the three diners had none, not even a shrivelled specimen of a AYarnambool potato. Yet it ws.s what might he called an abnormal feed for bushmen. It was a sort of killing the fatted calf in expectation of the wand;rjr's return. To the very last, D;»ly had reiterated his conviction, that Harold would show up that day at dinner time. After mid-day. it seemed only too certain that their absent mate wouldn't appear if he meant to be in time for the Christmas fare. Peter, the Swede, was cook, and he now came in, and ' laid ' the board in the approved bush fashion, placing two old copies of the G<>raldton jfurchisou Telegraph on the big case, for a table cloth. " Dot papers vas heffy readin'," he explained, "und it von't plow away." George was strangely averse to sitting down without allowing more grace to Harold. Tom, however, declared "it would be a burnin' shame to spoil the dinner," while Petersen said his " pelly was as empty as nodin^s," so at length, with a siirh, Amyot took his place, and the meal proceeded in unwonted silence. A bottle of Dan Downey's best Jamaica was pioduced, and the tin mugs being filled, the first toast, "Absent Friends " was given. As the pannicans were lifted to their lips, a dismal whine startled the three mates. "Here's Harold at last," yelled Tom, " what did 1 tell you? Murther, but he's late for the turkey, anyhow !" The men rushed outside, but nowhere was their friend visible. They stared at one another in blank dismay. A monrnful moan, ending in a really heart-thrilling howl was heard. Petersen turned pale and whispered hoarsely, "Dot's a ghost, No life mans can say dot." Tom Daley, who was superstitious to a fault, looked the picture of terror as he gasped, " Oh Mothc r of Heavpn, 'tis a Banshee, I've often heard of em and now I hear 'em. Let's go inside, George, it's not safe—'' "Hush.'' said George, sternly, "stop your fooling, its neither ghost nor banshee, that wa« Monarch's voice " He ran quickly down to the dump which, surrounded the shaft, and there, just behind it, lay gallant Monarch, unable to get a step further. Examination shewed that he was badly wounded in the leg, and quite exhausted. A deep gloom settled over the party. "Perhaps Harrold's behind somewhere," (Suggested Tom. " Never," said George, " or if he is, he's dead. Monarch would never leave him while he was alive. Bring the dog up to the tent. We'll start straight away to look for him, poor lad." Morft-'ch was soon made comfortable, and in an hour, Tom and George mounted their horses, and rode forth on their search. It was ten o'clock at night when *they returned—unsuccessful, after covering some forty miles, out and in. After consultation, it was deemed best to send in to Nannine, and acquaint the authorities with the circumstances. Petersen was despatched on this errand. He returned next day, but it seemed that the police did not not regard the state of affairs as at all suspicious. The dog might have been accidentally wound- ed, or perhaps was unwilling to go anyfurther. Best, it was hinted, to await the return of one or other of the prospectors. Such was the diutu.'u. of the constable in charge. However, Amyot made up his mind at once. Me readily arranged with his friends in Nannino to man, in ease of I his absence, the " Hay of Hope," (as I their show was called), and to f>r«-v<-:tt j jumping. Putur.sen would be left ;.,>. hind as b..H.s. while he and Daly would follow up their search for Harold and Eipshyut, till they wore found — Uvad or alire. They were obliged to wait more than a week, before all was prepared, and the dog sufficiently recovered to v.ooo.npany them. Eor George fglfc sure that the fuhiiful animal could and would guide them unerringly to where he hoped to find their poor mate, or rather his remain?, for they now feb convinced that they would never more see him alive. * * * George sent to Harold's family, a full account of the whole busine.-:*, stating, unreservedly, all his doubts and fears, and unsparingly accusing himself of blame, for not succeeding in pa renting Harold's departure. Ii« concluded by saying that he and his staunch comrade, Tom. would no: give up the seacrh, unsuccessful, while life lasted. They were well mounted, each raan leading a, pack horse. On the 2nd January, heavy thunderstorms passed out eastward, and deluges of rain fell, thus relieving their anxiety as to a water supply. To make sure, however, they took along what water their horses could carry, in addition to tiie barest supply of provisions. Each was well armed. On January (!, they commenced thentrail, and Monarch, now in fair repair, headed, as they expccted, almost dueeast. He seemed to quite understand what was required of him, aud kept well in lead of the horses. They covered some forty miles that day, reaching, at sundown, some clay pans full of storm water. Encamped, that night, without a fire, for the weather was extremely sultry, the, two friends conversed, over their pipes, to a late hour. Monarch, tired with his long tramp, lay curled up at their feet. Presently the dog began to dream, too, judging from the signs. His limbs twitched violently, half-stifled growls and muffljd barks burst from his throat, till at last, in a paroxysm of fury, he sprang up, with erect bristles and a look of menace. His master soothed him, and presently he once more subsided in quiet rest. " I'd give something, Tom, to know what is troubling that dog in his sleep. I'll be bound, if he could talk, he could tell us something of this sad business." "Bah 1''said Tom, "it's that tough bit of tinned dog lie had for supper. Perhaps he's troubled for eating a bit of great grandfather. But they say in tho old country, that you can easily find out what a dog is dreaming abour." " "What rubbish !'' answered George. " Maybe you know how it's to be clone, or is it one of your father's old romances ?" ' Bed ad' said Tom, rather nettled. : I do know how it's done. I'm not saying that I believe it, but my old man knew a squireen in Queen's county, who found a bag of .sovereigns that were stolen from him, through the dream of a greyhound. Divil alio in ill' ' Well, said George, £ let's hoar howit's managed. ' ' Easy as kiss my hand. You take two handkerchiefs, and tie 'em together in the shape of a, cross. Then you tie a knot- at each of the four corners, -while saying a line of the charm. Next you lay the handkerchiefs vcrr quietly over the dog's head while he's in a dream. After that you put the handkerchief across; your breast, inside your shirt, and go off to sleep, and you'll dream the very same dream the dog had.' 'And isuppeae you know the charm, as you call it, too ? asked his mate. ' Of course I do,' said Tom. ' Sure 'twould be nothing at all without tho charm. You see each knot stands for one of the four apostDs. So you call each one by name and say, V* hat the do^' sees, lot ma sec ; Whattiie dog lirar*, toll to m« ; V-. hat tho dog knows, let ititi kno, V> hat he most fears, plainly show !" ' .By Jove ! T'll try it, if old Monarch starts dreaming again,' declared George. ' There's no harm in it any- »le soon got the opportunity. For the wog once more was strong'v agitate.!, and growled fiercely in Vis slumbers. Tom had the handkerchief prepared in a t wink dug, and George, in a'i idle humor, performed the incantation, following the instruction given • y y in* companion. Shortly after, the men turned in, and in a while, all was silence.; Next morning |D.dy woke his mate, an an early hour, and as the horse* were tethered, they were able to .start betimes. George appeared taciturn and dish-nit. Daly inquired if he'd had a bad dream. ^ - Tell us all about it,' he said, 1 I'd like to know wlnt a canine vision is ince. W ere you chasing bungarras, or what for you were kicking like a mule in the colic.' • Don't joke,' answereo George. ' I .v.-' a dream, and it bears out exactly what I thought. Don't bother, now, 1 want to think. YVa II hear everything presently.' Tom said no more, and they made good |headway. He noticed that his fellow traveller kept carefully scanning the surrounding country, and muttering to himself. 'Faith,' he soliloquised, ' I'm thinking that charm last nu>dit didn't work any good. I wish I hadn't told him.' At the halt for mid-day crib, George at length addressed his comrade. ; See here, Tom, I don't want to be laughed at. I didn't believe one bit in that fool erv last nnjht. But whether from your ridiculous receipt or not, I'm : ; | bound to sav 1 hud a dream, a most peculiar ami vivid one,' v Great Moses 1' cried Tom, ' if you hart a dream that you can remember, you may bet your life it'll come true. But g® on, spit it out.' ' I can remember it only too well,' resume;! George. ' I saw a valley, covered with looso stones, ironstone, slate, and quart/, as it is about Quinn's. At- one side was a low range of hills, and in front of them, quite separate, three great bare granite rocks.' • Well,' cut in Tom, 'there's plenty of that sort, we've passed lots already.' ' Y r es, but they weren't all together like what I aaw. Tlia hills 1 want to see are close together, forming a triangle, and alongside each is a big currajong tree, which isn't common about here. I'd know the place in a minute. But that's not all. I saw two men standing a little in front of the centre round rock. Their backs were towards me. Suddenly one of them sprang right at the other, and forced him on his knees. Ho turned round and clung to the other, and as ha turned S saw his face. Tom you, may well stare. It was poor Harold ! \- And the other was Jabev, I'll be bound/ ouerisd Tom, greatly excited. 'Oli the murtherin' hound. But go on. •1 saw the iirji mans face plainly now. It was Lipshuvt all. rig] it. Harold still clung to him, when that iiend struck him on the forehead with a revolver, and he suddenly seemed t-> disappear in the ground. But I «a\v one c.nii hrid aloft, and in his hand was a wdiole bunch of that vidian's hair. I well knew the color.' ' Oh the poor fellow ! Oh the eternal hell-fire demon !' Tom grew quite incoherent in his distress. 'Lord help him if I only get my two hands on him.' 'Steady' said George. 'This may be only an ordinary dream, or it may not. I thought that I was running towards Lipshuyt, and had g"»t quite close to him, wdien he fired point-blank at me. I felt distinctly, a stinging pain in the leg, and I woke to find you puling me to get up.' • Well, this bangs all' said poor 24\. 197. Tom, who seemed quite overcome by lhis recital. 'Sweet bad luck to that white-faced and white livered beast, O.i v-iuf didn't we hunt him when we had the chance ?' And he fairly broke down. ' Now,' said George, -all we've to do, is to push on. The dog will surely guide us. And 1 don't think that startling dream came for nothing. Let us find our chum'.-, remains, at all events, first, and then,' here he s^-t his teeth grim]}-, ' we'll deal with his cowardly assassin, if the earth holds him. I reckon he's not going to cost the government much.' They resumed their journey, the dogstill steadily showing the way. The country was covered with scattered stones, and the recent heavy rains had obliterated all tracks. But the men felt certain they were on the trails followed by the prospectors. A 'monkey soap ' brand matchbox was picked up, empty, and it was of the sort in use ai their camp. Eifty miles were traversed that day. That night they all slept soundly, like wearied men. So. sound indeed that they noticed not the neighing of their tethered horses, whieh had scented one of their kind not far off. In the dead of the night, a solitary figure on horseback approached within 100 yards of the sleeping men. He carefully drew some small objects from his wallet, and gently dropped them on the ground, one here, another there. Then he turned, and rode silently into the gloom. The morrow had hardly brightened into broad day, before our friends were again on the way. Monarch had gone on as usual, a few score yards in front. In a few minutes, they simultanuttered a sh»ut. Straight in front of them were visible the tracks of an unshod horse. George got off. and examined them. He looked up and said, 'These are Jessie's tracks, and therefore fresh. Not a day old ! We're coming to the truth rapidly.' Jessie was the mare ridden by Harold. They steadily followed the hoofprints, although they led much further to the southward than fclie course tiiey had betm pursuing. After proceeding about a mi" arch was n called him their lungs back towar camp, and was lying c painfully. ' What t exclaimed __ 0 ^ illg> A m afraid.' They jumped off, but even as they looked, poor Monarch, with a final shiver died before their eyes. 'He's been poisoned,' said George, ' and by strychnine too ! This is some of that wretch's work, and those tracks we saw show he's been here last night.' ' Nothing surer,' assented Tom.' I can see it all. He has found out that we were coming close, and that the dog was leading us, and the devil has laid baits along the line. Thai's plain enough. .But whatever shall we do without poor old Monarch ! ' ' I know what we shall do with him,' said George, 'well bury him decently here, and then follow that beast, if "we have to chase him into hell—where he belongs.' 'Thank goodness,' rejoined Tom, ' he has left a plain trail, and if rain keeps off, well have him.' "With the help of their knives,and a. tomahawk, a shallow grave was hastily dug, and their faithful guide and cornfade reverently interred. And then they took up the tracks again. Till halt time,they pursued a steady pace, the trail being tolerably plain. After a short rest- they resumed the pursub, and kept it up till night overtook them, and they had to make a 'dry' camp, which, as it turned out afterwards,was a lucky tiling for them. They were now, by their calculations, 130 miles east of their camp, and somewhat to the southward of it. Daylight saw them again in the saddie. In an hour's time the aspect of the country had changed, it was more hilly, and now the tracks of two or more horses were discerned, much older, apparently, than those they had been following. Examination showed that the old tracks were r.i?.de bv animals feeding about, and not ridden or driven. Even a well beaten pad was found, and it led to a small creek, iu which they soon discovered a shallow well, scooped out, soma four feet wide, and it held water. They dismounted, and were about giving their thirstv animais a drink out of their leathern bucket, when George shouted, 'Don't touch it for your life Look at those crows '. ' In tho bed of tho cr-ek around the well, were several crows, and numerous small birds, some dead, and the rest helpless and dying. 'The well's been poisoned,' said Tom. 'That hell-hound is worse than a dozen Butlers.' By the Lord, if we'd come on hero last night, we'd have been as stiff as this crow,' and he kicked the carcase of one aside with his foot. ' It was his game to lay us out, that's sure.' said George, 'and if we'd beeri sooner, there's little doubt he'd have succeeded. Well, there's no help for it. We must keep on without water till we get a safe place. He can't have dosed all the water in the country.' Congratulating themselves on their lucky escape, they quitted the lethal water, and again followed the latest tracks. At 10 o'clock just after passing through a dense mulga thicket and crossing several low ranges, George uttered an exclamation, and pointed eagerly to three peculiar rounded hills, a mile in front. ' My dream,' he said. r l hero, is the very valley, I w*.s sure I would find it and know it. We're do.se t@ the mystery at last.' ' There's the currnjong trees, too,' said Tom, Anil there's been dryblowing going on, too. Look at thj tailing heap.-.' It was eVQn so. Here and there were little mound*, showing where 'paddocks' had been put through the dishes. Now and then an empty tin might, he ' discerned, with occasion;.! scraps of paper, and other sign.* of the recent presence nf whites at the place. The friends pushed on to the hi;_ r , granite hills, and soon nuehed timm. ' It's the exa.ct place I saw inmv dream,' said Uoorge, who f.eenr-'d to be quite familiar with tha scdiie, ' and here's where the two stood when Harold seemed to disappear.'" As it was now nearly four o'clock a camp was quickly made, and the horse.? tsthered. Cios« to the U e of tho easternmost rock, an enormous mass of smooth granite, a soak was discover ed, anil, as there was no appearance of any dead birds about, the animals were given a drink. ' W \ h see the effect on the prods, first, anyhow,* said Duly, ' it won't do to be talcing any chances while this back blocks Borgia is knocking around.' It was soon found that this water, at all events had not been tamp-revd with, and the men were enabled to assuage their thirst without further misgiving. A short search around iwe lied an old shelter hut, which had evidentlybeen used by the previous, occupants of the valley At eventide, the horses were sharehobbled, raid turned out to pick up what tli3y could, and the mates, tired out with their long ride and suspend, rolled themselves in their rugs, and took a much needed rest. Next morning, Tom went to look up the horse??, while George prospected around. It was plain that the fir.<t arrivals at the valley had made a protracted stay, as the ground was drvblown over a large area, and nearly every quartz sione had been 'knapped.' Amyot particularly studied the place wh»re, in Ids queer dream, lie had seen tho assault on his lost friend. Bu", a'tl.ough there were ample signs of the ground having been worked, no clun to tfie mystery could he found. While thinking deeply over the matter, he was startled by Torn'* appearance, in a atate of great excitement, bringing two of the horses. ' That hell-fire hound's been at work aga'n,' he shouted, as he approached. ' Noble and Jcrrv are both lvin there, on the next flat, with throats cut,' out icir ' God of Heaven,'' groaned G-:orge, ' the villain means us to lay our bom-s here. Where did you find the two you've brought ?' ' They'll gone sauth,' replied Tom, and split out from the others. Luckv job toe, or we'd have been left without out a hoof. I found these two first, and then followed up the tracks, the otiier two poor brutes aren't a mile away.' 'Tie these up carefully,' said Aymot, 'and keep them so. We'll have to mount guard, turn and turn about. It won't, no to be stranded here without u mount,' 'But, wherever ean the demon he V asked Tom, 'he must be cam pad pretty close ; and what's he dono with the horses ho and Harold had ?' • That must be OIK first business to find out,' answered George. • But take the beasts over to the soak, and ^ive them a bit of corn. I want to examine this spot a bit more.' He was standing in front of the centie granite rock, iome thirty yard* from tha base. To the east w a e another immense rock, and on his left a th;rd. The three wore separated by gaps of about one hundred yarns, through which the country to the north could be discerned. Ho had, in hi;j mind, located almost the exact spot where Jabez Lipshuyt had attacked his friend. Tom was away at the eastern hiil, where the soak was, busied with the horses. Amyot was usinu a light prospecting pick, and idly striking the surface, which, just here, consisted of i-ron-stained cement. Suddenly, the pick sank into the ground, without much effort, up to the eye. It was evident that this spot had been worked before. He si'ized the shovel, and a few strokes showed that he had hit on a hole or pit which had been filled in. As he was stooping over his work and hastily throwing up the loose cement, a loud report rang out, and a bullet sttuck the blade of the shovel, glanced oft* and went, singing viciously, to tho right. 1 W hat's up V roared Daly, running towards him, while George dropped ,the shovel and gazed around in consterna- tion. ' It's plain enough,' he said, ' this Lipshuyt is determined we shan't go luck to tell the tale of his perfidy. He must have a hiding-place close t • this. Why, I've been as near shot as d .-it. just now !' ' The beast !' Tom muttered, ' But that shot sounded quite close, Let's make a search at once.' Between the western hill and tin: centre one, a thin curl of blue smoke was still filiating lazily upward m the still atmosphere. j Tlis shot had evidently been dis- I charged from that locality. Yet th," ground was so stony that no distinct ! tracks c;.'u!d be seen, and tho strictest I search showed no sign or the intruder, j They were completely puzzled, and j much alarmed at having to serve as a j target for a foe that seemed truly J invisible. j ' Look here,' said Amyot. ' Tin's is I terribly serious. Tie: devil m»ans to ' pick us off singly, We must meet cur.- j ning with cunning. I have an idea.' j And for half an hour the men consulted in low tones. ' We'll try it,' said Tom, gleefully, ' perhaps that'll fetch him. Why, George, he must he the devil m parson, or mad, to be running amok like that.' The sequel will show the stratagem employed. Strict watch was kept till sundown, but there was no appearance of the mysterious assailant. The horses wei'H tethered out iu the open flat, a hundred yard* from the granite mound-. Their camp-fire was made clo-o to the foot of the centre hill, and as darkne-s drew on the men might be seen, by the dancing firelight, snugly rolled up, and to all appearance sound asleep. The- moon was sixteen days old, and rose about half-past ei^ht. At that time the two mates, each with a Winchester repeater, were lying ensconced beneath some aaltbush scrub at the north side of the three hills, at Some distance from them, and towards the direction whence they expected their enemy, while their counterfeit presentments were plainly visible at the fireside. To an ordinary observer the forms of two sleeping men could be easily made out. Tiie moon had ascended some eight or ten degrees, and was shedding a •silvery radiance far and wide, when Daly gripped his companion by tho sluuhler with a ' Hist ! look there ! ' while he pointed towards their camp at the south of the hills. A wild-looking figure was seen, in a crouching attitude, stealing step by step towards the gap between the east and centre, rocks. They watched, with every nerve strained in the intensity of their emotion. The figure passed into the yap and out of immediate sight, and not till then did the friends leave their covert and hastily follow. Ju st as they reached the entrance two shots in quick succession were fired by the unseen foe, but not at them. He had directed his fusillade upon the supposed forms of the sleeping friends. But the dummies placed tliere were not likely to suffer much damage. Seeing what a desperate character they had to deal with, they did what they thought best under the circumstances. With a couple of bounds they were in the open* to see their deadly enemy in the brilliant moon-glare, close by their camp-fire, and only just aware of the trick that had been played upon him. With a hoarse cry he turned and saw them, and, dropping on one knee, fired straight at them, Both had dropped flat on the ground, and the ball rattled harmle.sdy against the rocks. George took steady aim, a'ld seeing the wretch turn and start off, he pulled trigger. Lipshuyt staggered and liuqed, but continued his flight. But ho was evidently hit hard, and dropped his rifle in Ids agony. Daly was a splendid runner and took up the chase at once, rapidly gaining on the fugitive. 'Take him alive,' yelled George, ' he's got no gun.' Lipshuyt rounded the western rock, with Tom at his heels, hut instead of making off across the open, toward* the mulga scrub, he rushed round the hill, and was already half through a cunningly contrived hole at. its northern base when Daly was on him. George came up quickly, and the wounded wretch, win; fought like a fury, vras dragged out of the aperture nod quLkly overpowered. While this was be:ng done, ho made frantic efforts to usu a revolver, which he held clutched in his hand, but it was wrenched from him, and he was eventually securely tied with t traps from the pack saddles. He had a bullet wound in the right leg, just oy.ii 1 tha knee joint, and had lost n good deal of blood. This was caiefully bound up, the captive m am vhile regarding them with a malev >lj;it scowl, bui. uttering no word. Tom had baoti in vest hating the hole whence they had dragged J.ibe/5, ami found it led into a cavern of to!f;r,i ! >,t» and here, as it wa* nlam, had been his lurking place. It- wan j io\v e-t»y to see how h • had managed, early iu the morning, to lire at Amyot, and get buck into concealment so quickly, and our friend-s congratulated themselves upon having so soon unearihi d thv) scoundrel, before doing them further mischief. Their prisoner was brought to the camp, remaining obstinately silent, and the mates taking watch about, passed the night in rather ^uncomfortable fashion, feeling that their worst fears were realised, and that Harold had iwdeod met his death by the villainous treachery of his mata. At daybreak they got breakfast, and Jabez still refusing to answer any questions, they dragged him with scant aeremony, to the spot where George had so nearly lallen a victim. The prisoner was flung on the ground, close by, and a billy-can of water placed beside him, while they resumed the task of clearing out the hole in the cement. As the work got deeper, it became easier, end, after fifteen feet bad been cleared, they took a spell. ' It's a shaft that's been looselv filled up,' said George, ' and I'm onlv too certain what we shall find. Wei], let's first be sure.' Hera j 10 glanced' savagely at the sullen figure on the ground — -'and then we'll deal with this demon.' ' George,' said Tom, ' what'll we do with him if we find—-what we are looking for here ?' ' Hang him to that currajong there, re pi ieel George, promptly. ' Do y r U think we're going to lumber such cairion back with us ?' ' Faith, I'm agreeable,' sdd the usually good humored Daly, ' I feel as if tlm was too good for tiie animal. Jubt think how he nearly did for the pair of us, besides poisoning poo<\- old .Monarch/ 1 Turn to !' cried George, < let's finish this wretched job.' After four or five feet more of shovelling, they came on lar^e loose piece« of cement, which had to be drawn up by a rope, George working at the bottom, nearly twenty feet below, while Tom pulled the stuff up. A few initiates of this work revealed to the horrified men the awful truth, and the deadly treachery of the caitiff Jabez. The crushed body of the unfortunate Ray lay beneath. The discovery had hardly been made when a yell from Daly startled George. 'The eternal villain is off I' He's got his legs loose,' and he was on the point of giving chase. 'Hang you, help me out first,'said George, ' bear a hand with that rope.' and he quietly scrambled to the top. It was quite true, J,abez had succeeded in freeing his legs, and, with disparate pluck, was making painful efforts to reach the hill where he had hig lair. But his progress was necessarily slow and labored, and g t'om, "who followed at top speed gained fast on him. Bound the well both passed, while Geerge immediately took the other side, to head him off. By these means the murderer was pi- evented from entering the c ivern, where h? might have made trouble. Bui nothing daunted, he made a supreme effort, and actually clambered up the smooth and rounded surface of the granite, and in a few seconds, was on the .summit, full sixty feet above the plain. ' Well I'm d — d ' muttered George, he's a perfect wonder.' '•Shoot him,' said the now infuriated Tom, 'pot the swine without mercy V Here Jabez lay pi one on the top. and it was impossible, from close quarters, to get a fair shot at him. ' Here's after him,' shouted Daly, And with infinite p ins he dragged himself up the slippery rock. Seeing his pursuer almost upon him, Lipshuyt jumped up and ran round and round. But Nemesus, so long delay.-d, wa< not to be baulked. Dalv wivi wit hi a * yard of him while Amyot, relentless, kept his rifle at steady aim. At l;.v:t with a strident screech, and a blasphemous oath that should have withered his lips, tho wretched man le.iped headlong from the rock on tho southern side 1 They ran round, expecting to find but a shapsles--;, mangled mass. But the man was still alive, although hideo , ! sly injured. His left leg was fairly splintered, spikes of crimsoned bone projecting horribly, while his right thigh bone had been driven into his abdomen with such force as to partially disembowel him. lie had evidently fallen plumb on his feet. It was a gluesome sight, and tney bent, in silent horror, over the wreck. ' Hell's fires swizzle you for ever ! was his greeting. ' I'm euch-ed sure enough. I killed that fool down there for his share of the mefcd, and I'd have got away alright too, only for that devil's whelp of a dog, curse you 11 This was the longest speech ever heard from him, and it was his last. 'You villain I ' said Tom, ' what had poor Harold done to you, or w© ? And you'd better think on your black soul, for your time is short.' The. crushed wretch groaned so fearfully, that it frightened them to hear it. And in a minute more, with contortions that were terribly distressing to witness, the end came, and the sin-laden soul passed to its account. It was a moment of relief to the shocked bystander. 'Let's put this rubbish out of tight ' laid George. ' But I'm sorry I hadn't the pleasure of hanging him.' Daly brought, tools, a shallow grave \ras hastily dug-, and all that was mortal of the evildoer was dumped into It. Then die men returned to the fatal shaft which held the remains, now almost unreeogn isable, of their old comrade. Their mournful task, heartbreaking as it was, had to be performed. They found, firmly clenched in the right hand, a bundle of the weirdly-colored beard of the assassin, torn oft in the victim's deadi-grasp. The dead man had been wearing his coat, and this was taken o;F, together with his watch, and a few personal valuables Then the remains were placed in canvas, and reverently sewn up. A coffin was out of tho question. The body was ouce more consigned to its former resting place, and the hole filled in to a depth of six feet. 'We'll send for him poor chap,'said Amyot, ' and place his bones in Christian ground. Y\"e can do 110 more at present.' It was now high noon, and after a hasty lunch, they proceeded to make a systematic search of the neighborhood. They shortly found horse tracks, near the mulga forest, more than a mile from the scene of the morning's horrors. Following them up, they were greatly relieved by coming suddenly on three horses used by Harold's party on the 18th of the previous September. Of the fourth, nothing could b® found, nor did this trouble them much. Lipshuyt had plainly been all ready for a spaedy flight, as soon as he had succeeded in wiping out the two avengers who had so wonderfully found his trail, for the horses were firmly j tethered, and packs prepared. At a camp close by ware discovered Lipshuyt's blankets and other effects, and in the packs two canvas bags, containing altogether, more than a thousand ounces of gold. All was brought back to th« soak. Examination of Harold's coat, disclosed a pocket diary, kept up to December 19th. It was now the 12th of January, and six days since they had left the mine. The diary threw a strong light on •what had hitherto puzzled them. They could not account for what seemed the wanton murder of Harold. Now it was plain. The entries showed that the man had been much further eastward than where the victim's bodybad been found. They had separated, a mile or so, so as to cover more ground, and it was agreed each man should keep' whatever he could find. This was Jabez' proposition. Harold had been lucky-. He came across a ' pocket ' which panned out. in one day and a half, nearly eleven hundred ounces of gold ! He had weighed it approximately, by means of a Pioneer tobacco tin, measuring five inches, by three, by two, or 30 cubic inches. This, he knew, if solid, would mean 330 ounces, so he allowed for packing, the odd 30. But the ground had 'petered out,' and no more was found. Jabez hadn't found even the color, and while Harold wanted badly to come back to his mates, insisted on farther prospecting. Even when half the gold was generously offered he refused to return. Things had gone on from bad to worse, and the men became quite estranged. At length, a start for Quinn's was agreed upon, and Harold's entries showed that Lipshuyt became sullen, and appeared to be meditating mischief. -^.tfin'ts Coming at length to the fateful ' three hills,' as the locality appeared promising, a weeks' stay was decided Upon, and after much prospecting around, it was agreed to sink a shaft in the cement near the centre hill. The last entry in p oor Harold's diary was onimous. ' J abez is getting more morose than ever. I don't lik* his looks. Tomorrow morning, if we don't find, colors in another foot of this blessed shaft, Til go with or without him. 11! give the beggar half of the stuff, and that'* more man wha* he's entitled to. I'm afraid there v. id he trouble with the follow. 1 ut I'll go back 111 spite of him.' The myst T was explained. Seeing < that llaruld •as bent 011 returning, his monster of ; mace had determined to put him out of 'die way, seize the whole of the go!iand make the best of Ids 'V-'V t" the co.-st. And but for the sagacity of the dog, (which he had evidently endeavoured to shoot) lis would piobabiy have soon been beyond pursuit. Tho murder of Harold had probably taken place on the 20th December, and as Monarch had turned up at Quiimks 011 the 25r.h, the dog must have rimde the jour.icy back, wounded as he was, in rive days, the distance being about 150 miles, a truly heroic task for the faithful creature. Anxious to quit the scene of such misery, Amyot and Daly lost no time in preparing for the return journey. Tvrowhorses ere packed, and one allowed loose, to follow. On the morning of the 14th of January they made a start for • home.' But George carefully fixed, as well as he could, the hearings :uid distances, so as to hare little trouble in finding the locality again. Along the back route, also, they occasionally ' blazed ' the trees. Their journey br-c'i was uneventful, bir. it took eight days, as the horses were weak, the fodder having long given out. On January 22, at eleven o'clock in the forenoon, they sighted the hills near the ' liay of Hope,' and on a closer aDproach, were surprised to see two brandnew tents in addition to their own. "Tne Kays have come ' cried George, ' and noiv I'd rather face death itself than tell what I have to tell.' And he looked the anguish he felt. ' Don't take on so, old fellow,' said Tom, cheerily, ' you did the best you could. No one can or will blame you.' It was quite true. Mr Ray, unable to bear the thought iof his son being in the bush so long without tidings, had left Perth hurriedly, on 'receipt of George's last letters, and as Alison insisted on coming, too, he had no option but to bring both the girls. It was Alison, fair Alison, who first saw the returning men, and she ran to meet them, followed by her greyhaired father. But a single glance at Georgtt's averted face was enough to tell her the awful truth. It is best to draw a veil over the diatressiug scsne that followed. But at its conclusion, George seemed more at ease. Miss Dolly was greatly gratified by Tom's unstinted praise of her lost brother, and he was unceasing in his attempt to console her. Ih his mate's tent that night, Tom was loud in his encomiums on Miss Kay, and warmly congratulated George. 'Yet/ he added, 'she's a trifle too solemn looking for me. But her , she's what I call a real dassy.' The untimely death of Harold Ray caused a complete change in the plans of the characters of tins true tale. A fortnight was spent by the Kays at the mine. During this time, the ' show' was sold to the English company for £4,000, and Amyot, disgusted with gold-mining, determined to return to Perth. 1 Daly, too, declared his intention of ' giving it best,' and of accompanying his friend. This was in a great measure, owing to Miss Dorothy Ray, with whom Tom, in real Irish fashion, had fallen in love, to a truly diverting extent. The Rays, accompanied by Daly, then went to Cue, where they stayed, till the return of a party sent out and headed 1 v George, to the scene of the murder, whence they brought back all that was left of the bright,^hopeful and loveable Harold. It was interred in the pretty Cue cemetery, the father himself reading the burial service, with what emotion may be imagined. The gold found by Harold, amounted to 1,237 ounces, which realised at the mint id .Too, and was a welcome provision for the declining years of his father. Tim now unit fid friends proceeded to Perth, and in a few months, the Midland railway having been taken over by the Government, Sir John Forrest na 1 given Ainyot a good position 011 the staff. Tom Daly started business as shurei-rokcr in the j metropolis, a business in | which his unfading good humor and i cheerfulness brought him ample support. j One glance at a final and brighter scene. It was the Ci.ristmastiile after the events related. A double wedding was being cele brated in the Cathedral on Boxing day. The brides were the liay sisters, and the grooms our friends of the Mureiiison, George Amyot and Thomas Patrick Daly. It was a trniy glorious day, and the strains of the Wedding March pealed grandly forth from the great organ, as the newly-joined couples passed the threshold of the holy edifice. A brilliant shaft of light fell athwart them, as the sun suddenly emerged from behind a towering pile of white clojd, a good omen indeed, of the peaceful and happy life, which, let as hope, was to be theirs henceforth during sojourn 011 this earth, which old planet, while it breeds so much sin and sorrow, lias, nevertheless, exquisite moments for all. 