SILAS REDFERN'S DIS APPEARANCE. The mysterious <lipu|j|>eumicb of uli Silas Itedfern wu a serious matt* i for Maim*. »^Iie hud be< u too loving a niece anil too unsoplii*ti* ettal a girl to indulge in any sordid specula tions astowbeu her uoelb's money w«r likely to become ten. Sbe believed tbat all h« left 1 behind tin* would be hers atme day, as in the urdiuary course of nature lie uugl.t to din many jeara before "he did Though be was ti e moat notorious old skin-flint in that part of tie country, fee was her uocle and the only living relative she bad, Bo Mamie fell it to be her duty to lovo. bim and tried her utmost to do so, aod to a degire t>he eucceedt-d. But as for Oionej, aud his mouey (specially, it iitrrested her about as much as the price of slates or ateel rails anywhere on Ibe Pacific slope. lodged, it was not until her uocle had dis appiarcd tbat the word M monty " came to have any rasl significance to Mamie Hrdfern. It was when *bi* fomiU bewlf *>l«ne iu Firdale Hall, with a maid looking to Lir fur »v»ry thing, and Bvrt Pru»her, th« single labourer ber*uuoln had kept about the pltoe, wauling eleven shillings ss a lull week's wages lawfully •flue to Liu, tbat Mamie awakened. She positively I ltd doI * shilling. She never bad had money. I.iviug ibere nt Ihe old Hall, sbe never bad wanted any. All things tl.nt were needful fur fcer, b( r uncle bud provide*!. Tb?y bad comp in pr per curse, aud M«ane had , grown up in thai firing faith of childhood which dif«poies of nil difficulties of w*ysand tncacs with the crti/Mtul efiirtnstiori " FVttirr will pay,'" or •* Ui cle will pay." Mamie re membered when hi r affirmation had taken the first form, but for euv< n years pant it had taken (be last, tihft bad lived with her uuole for seven years. And uow that he bad roup, she tras mUtiesp ol Firdale, and poorer than Ler maid, wbo lad received a month's WAgvs three weoks before. Her uncle had disappeared without leaving soy clue ss (o bis whneabouts. Mamie bai 1>een spending the day with Lena Belfield at Whitethorn Lodge below the viltnge. Fordyce, her maid, bud gone out towzid* the cltne of the afternoon to make some puicl:a*es. When she lelt. her master, Silas Ifadfern, was walk wg up and down the pstb whioh led fiom the back of the Hall to the road* apparently absorbed is tome matter if importance. Bat 3 4t wirm otdiniry a circumstance lor him to walk ttiout th<i H*U and gfousds witU th»t pre-ooeupiiHl air, that Pordyoe thought notbiug of it, but wint on her way towards the village. That was the last 1 bat was aeen of ttilas Ked fern ullre. Every effort to discover bim, living or doad, bad hilbfirb^failed. It msuoir fire months aince he had diuppeiri d» There «u no evi* dcoee of hi* death, tod tl.rre iru no uum to •appose that be bad mad<i away with biroulf. And what deepened Ike rajatiry nurrouuUing hli disappnrauoe was (I at do will or paper* I beariug upon tbe Pirdalo Hall estate could be found, . Every room and box and drawer was jansacked, but no paper of lejtal value was dis*! covered. Mamie kmw that be I.ad bad paok ag«a of documenla. He bad been iu tlie babit; of spending hunts with them in a little room wbifth opvoid into bis bedroom on the first .floor. Tbrre were three large tfotiks and a writing disk in this room,and Mamie was undrr the impresaiou that her ujiu'e had kept tbe pftpeiaiofhotiunks But wl eu (hej catne to bn (tamined Ibey wero found to contain rub-, bUh. warn-out clothing, and old bed ct.vi lings which wi re dropping to pioues from old age. There* was not a ftatige of paper or parchment j in any oi (hem. I Not ool» hsd Silas Redferu disappeared* hut his papiis had disappeared, too. Ev< ryooe boliuved that be wfcs dead, but all; effort* to discover bit body bid proved fruitless, j Ut«li r the clow scrutiny to which Fordyce was aubjt cted, tbe flirt ttaa seised wilh en ungovern* able tcrior Tbe Mens of death, of aurder, of ni.knoftn honors filled her wjtbdrnid, She b cjrao hysterical, *od refused to stay nnotbrr uiglit iii Firdale flail. Her fear was contagious. Mumin quitkly caugLt it, aud was consumed by a w nee of indescribable honors. too, deulaied that she could niitiemain longer at tbe Hiill. It eeemrd to bo haunted by tlegtDO of evil spirits which pervaded its very a'moa phine, Bo Tbomae BiJflcbl, Tens Be!flld'e fstb< r, touk pity on Ler, end look Mamie her* self to Whitethorn Lodge to upend a Yew we* tea with Lena* and to aee what Time would nveal. Though a ptrfict innoceot a* regards mooif matters and tbe ntfaire of busioees life, Mamie fiedfem was cue of <Le«no«t |* pular girls for miles louitd, She wae *ist«K n,as vivacious as a *piij gbra£p,»nd tbomi'cLrnfua number of the Pirjale tennis olub. Thorn were, at liast,threo fellow* of the club «hf tiad designs on Mamie, but the ouly oue who [pund tier at all leipuarive waa Halter .Vkiatoo, tbe toe cT a ruatioating iron merchant. As coon a* Walter begin to pay nrioui attention to her, it wai patent to i vrryoue tbat Le waa the Brat and . only favourite. Tbe other two tniton accord ingly etood off like honourable me*, and left Mamit; to Waller. Aud from that tine the village looked upon tier as proDerly appropii ateri. Tiioao who were intimate tritb Waller Maralnn congratulated liim upon bia good for tune in baring (Mured Uauiie. Tboae oho •ere not inthnato with bfm envied lim and •aid tbat eotoe, people were " alwaje in luck'a '•my." No one w*i mm concerned orer tSiln Red fern'e diaappearaooe than Walter Hanton. It , c&uaed; Him many aaleepleaa niiht.uid tbe pri vate inquiries he inatitoted coat him a con . dderable amount of money. Be «•• tbe **k •ard poaitioo in wkleh the diaappaarancc of Manila's dnole and the family pap era had left her. Be determined, therefore; that no trouble to txpente he could eommwd ebonl'd be apared ip tbecflort to elear up tbe inyatery. Walter and I had long been faat frienda. Ourtaa^ea ware alike, and e* oar heoaaa were not far apart we wen frequently f rand at eacb ^Uigf't aboda. BetMea, tixra km as attract lan lor me at The Rowaaa, the home of tbe Mara ..ton, wbiob would bare accounted for my fie , qaeat prateaca thefre had Walter breu io tbe r.ji A&tfpodn;,' Be had a my roff«sbigsister, •J. <ta »a Vthaia same «u Alice, end by common go»a!p dlT ^iDXtiU^i^toliiiit 1 were to be unite*! • in holy matrimtay. Be tbe trulb of ' tbit whit it might, 1 contest to y t> i" j having bees witb Atioe Marstou in tbe <■ ' oouicjratory at The Bowum one lovely t, " ' eveuing lo Jttljf. 8ba had taken me to to look at a vine which, aader her attention, bad be u ■ comroneof the finest* in tbe distnef. " , : IliaH: properly admired the delieate plant, ami paid Alice tvery permissible oomplimrat for bringing it inlo such a remarkably healthy 2 v./tftd pinliScsUte, when our conversation turned upon Mamie Etedfero and tbe diaappearanoe of (i • hi f ttwrJe, ft?-' ■ I tiDticed that Alice laid down the light pair « v •' ' pf shears. ehe had taken up, and that she sod **' r detfly *tood still, looking very grave. ^ *MVbaL's the matter, Alice P* I arid, starllcd V ' " by t'lie charge which had come over her, *'■ • '••!?(. »n! Do you know what I tbink about • .. ♦ftp! ttlie spoke very deliberately. -■ ** What, Alioe ?" I was all attention. \ 111 telier* that Mr. Redfern is eomewfci.re iu that bousr. If he had made away with himself outride, they would have found him. He's iu, the Louae. 1 feel sure of it." " tVbat makes you think so, Alice P" u l'»e thought M for a month ti?w. One • night 1a*t wotk 1 wai dreaming abaut Maoiie •* anil the Hill. 1 dreamt that I saw Mr. Redferti A«an twia to tbe window of tlie Utile* rcoo al t' e koalh corner. He b< ckonrd to air and thru ] puiiited wi li bis iitht hand.** ! "I'oiuUri1 How P Wbura ?" I gasped. *• 'J'owurd* tLe otb« r aide ; fcowmdw iJir mid dle of Ibe bouse ovrr t)jf* front rutraoctj, J *aw , him aa plainly u 1 ' »• you. I'm sure be is | doniewl ere iti their. 1 you «o in and see, Clem ?" 41 D*n« I ? Aye, a hundred times. But (be place baa beau ranaacked very oearly that," I aaiJ, excited by what abe bad told me. I turned tbe matter over io my mind, aod re called every circumstance which bad com© to light b'-antig upou Mr. Redfern's rooremeuts I up tu I be time of bia dirappearauoe. Tbe mare II thought over it tbe more atraDge it seemed I lo me that, it dead, his body should Dot have i bero Jouud. There wna no deep water any* 1 where within three milae of Firdale Hall. There were five pile which served m waterlog I places for cattle, aad these had ell been care fully dragged. The police were satisfied that | Mr. Italfarn'n body was not id toy of them. Bo that every thing pointed to him being above ground tither alive or dead; jet up to that time ! there had not been a single clue discovered ae to his whereabouts. The more I thought of it, the more resaonsble djtl Alice's supposition becomr that the min ing man was still in bis owo bouse, I deter* mjueri that I would toll Walter M&rsten; what bin sister bad Mid and ask faim to join me in a thorough exploration of Firdaleflall. " By jove 1 look at that now I The very same thought has been hnuutmg my mind for a fort night past," Walter explained, wben 1 told bim of Alice's suspicion. So be fell in eagerly with my proponal to explore the Hall, and wo arranged to do so on Uie following morning. Firdale Hall was a plain, sabstaatially-built piece standing in it* own grounds, about 200 yards from a road which led into the main road a little to the south of Firdnie village. A row of irettt shielded the upper part of the Hall from observation,and left its only architectural featui e in view from the road. This was a pillared portico before the front entrance, which served to relieve the monotony of the plain red biick front. tixoept for the tinging of the birds, the place wu ai still as the grare whoa Walter and 1 walked op to the frost door. We had quite flvti miBDtos* fumble rwb before we eoaM get the rusty key properly into the look, as tbe front door bad not been opened for nearly three months. CHd Mrs. CorkhUI, who spent t#o dayscsoh week to the hoatedusting sadattead* log to the furniture, Died a small sfde door to ent» r end leave. We, however, derided that we would enter by the front, as we thought the pise* would be all the sweeter to ourselves if went the Urge front door wide open bo admit ' thr air. liiw still everything was I Not aa much m tbe scratching of a mouse oould be heard as we stood id the first room on the grouod floor. For a tnumrnt we remained perfectly motionless, paying a Iciad of inroluottry defcrenoe to the place wltleh had been the home of Mamie Red* fern. The old picturca upon tbe walls were too faded fortheirsubjootstobedistingnisbable, for Silaa Red fern would as soon have thought of living bia life as of spending money upon fur* biahiug up what he regarded as useless incum brances, He had Dot placed them there, bat many s liraebnhat) bemoaned the folly of tbow who bad squandered good money orer doing so. We wriitfhrougb tbe bouse from ground fioor lo rosf. Kfery room we osuld flod wan care* fully examined,end every box or srtiole of furni ture which oould bare oootained m oooh as the body of a child was subjected to a scrutiny so thorough teat we would have risked our lift* upon its completeness. There «u one thing which had wot * chill through me the moment we reached the top of the etrirs feeding to the first floor. I bad de lected s peculiar odoor whioh my mind im | fBedjatelf associated with the body of Silas Bedforn. Welter flid not notice it, eo I put it : dowu to fenoy. I Our sesrot wbb fruitless. ! I proposed that we should go outside again and take auotber good look at the bouse. Waller readily evented* eo we went to the ball and then out by the Croat door, which we had left open. Wiintoodbsekon the grass beyond the grtrel *a)k to < bUin a better view of the frontige. *( Alice R»i<i thnt in her dnam he csrae twicu to that wiudow, aod piiokd to the middle of tue I ousu on r ti e front entrance/'! remarked, ss wn Blood vaiuly looking for come clue. "That wiuld mean somewhere about the stsirs," Walter aasirnred, knitliog hie brows ae if thinking bard I •• The stair*, eh ! There might bB something io that. Let us go and bare aootfaer look rouod," 1 said, a vague. uneasy feeling comics over tot. We wet t from bottom lo top of the home, tod taamioed every lauding, with the same result is before. *' Well, we may give it op a* a bed job," Mid Walter* as we slowly cams dovro on to the first floor Isodinp, I hsd just stepped onto the landing,sod , tatned to go along tot\e first flight of fttairn. I | was od the point of asuenting to Walter's re mark, when my eye caught tight of ►ometbing 1 which aroused my cariosity. It bad never struck <se bt-foie, snd Walter had evidently not yet ootioed that between the wall and tbe staira i we bad just ot toe down and the nearest wall o? (he nom which atood next to the staiis on (bat side, there was a short length of wall measuring about four fctt and forming J be aide of the landing. It occurred to me that 1 had «ever ae*n any thing in the room i»n either side of tbestiira ootrespondiug with the short wall, ncr yet wiUj the width of the stairs tlemselve*. I should bave«xptcled to flud a deep closot or a small room under the ttaira. but 1 could not rtcall haviug seen a trace of either. " Here ; come bsck 1 There's something Tin but aatUthd about," I said, turning back to tbe room b»yond tbe stairs. K examined the wall oloflely. It had an old paper on which was un brokta. Thtrewat no indication of any room or reetf b running undrr the stairs od that mile. I wtnt bsek along the landing into tLe room on (ho other vide of the *t&irs.; It, too, km papered. I rku my hind over the side neatest the stairs, bat found nothing to excite sun I picioo. The paper was Intact, and the wall steroed firm enough when tapped by my, knuckle. "What cn eaith ate you after P" Waller aiked. He bad looked on blankly while I i passed my hind over the paper of the *all. | ** Bor," 1 said. *' Prom the far tide of the stairs to this wall U about aeren feet. The wall runs that way aboat twelve feet. What'i in betwetn the two walls P" " The stain,** he answered, aim ply. «• Nonienae! They (ton*t take op a third of it. There's apace. They don't build taelra by-sevtn of solid bricks. I want to know what'* in there,MI said, excitedly. We went backwards and forwards from one room to the other, but no trace of an aperturo could we find or auyomk which would indicate ! a possible opening. Here wss a mystery, but ! one I was determined to solve if 1 had to bring in workmen to break through the wall. We went up the stairs and along the upper ! landing, but still there wn no trace perceptible I of any opening I wss more than ever con vinced, though, lint under and beyoud these si airs tayenough epaco to form a small chamber. Mid I meant to get Into it sonwhow. 1 was on the point of leaving the place with the intention of bringing back a bricklayer, when an idea occurred to me. Going to the top of the atair^ I earne alowly down bade-. ward*, pianpingeach step as 1 came, and trying to ratt or liinlutlgo it. Nut a tUp moved. I ifot to the buttom add grouped (be edge of tbo loir est «tep. 1 was exasperated at the failure of my last ncbt-me, and gare a vindic live lug at tbe wood - < i k. To my consterna tion, half of tbe flit? u! stairs seemed fcft dis* appear, and I fell lurward into a yawning cavity where an instant before tbe stain bad beeu. Walter saw me fall and heard my shout, and tried to drag me back, but tbe momentum 1 bad attaiued through the jerk t had given at tbe step carried me away from him. Before be oeuld make a teoond grab at me I bad straek a floor, but, beyond the feeling of tbe sharp con cussion, J was unhurt. I rose quickly to my feet and looked before me. I was in a narrow and dimly-lighted ro6m. Looking round I saw that tbe btairway was still opeo, and that tbe lower half of tbe utairs was somehow suspended upwards. ** Come io ; tuere's a good Boor; we vb*U fiotl something here*" 1 said to Walter. He etooped and came io to where I etood. Then we slowly advaocei towards the end of the chamber. We had only made tbree ate pi forward wkea we shnultantotuly stopped and gripped each otber. At the end of the chamber stood a huge chest, the missive lid of which we could Me waa raised about three inches. In frout of the chest, kneeling by it, waa a human form, its head aud nboulders being hidden' by the heavy lid which had closed down upon them. One glance sufficed to convinoe us that | the mystery of Silas Hedfern'a disappearance was solved. Wo knew that the kneeHng form, trapped, as it were, by the ponderous lid of the1 chest before us, waa the mortal remains of Mamie's uncle. We advanced to tbe chest and raised the lid. Tb<& we drew back tbe distorted form, crooked like tbe letter B ao3 riRid as steel. It fell heavily on to tbe boards with ft thud which nearl; unnerved us. The cheat waa one of tbe maaaive old faabioned structure* of heavy,irou bands, bolts, and solid oak, saoh ae are met with in old country eburcbea as depoaitoriea of pariah rolls end registers. It was nearly half fall of documents, and contained three small bags in wbtob were £297 Id gold. Everything wu clear u we looked at that huge box and then at tbe crooked form before oi. The room was the spsco under the stairs aud between (he other two rooms.Tbe only entrance «u that by which we bad oome. To enable It to be used, tbe lower pirt of the stairs had been made (o raise upward, a counterpoise beiag attached at the upper end beyond the bar whhh served as a pivot for it to *wiog upon. It wm tbii counterpoise whii.h csused the steps to remain suspended in tbe air after t had first jerked them up. £ueb lUrht as there was in tbe room came down from a little barred window in tbe back wall of the house, which we afterwards found, was bidden from outside observation by a skeleton pigeon-cote without a roof being suspended in front of it, but sufficiently far from the glass to allow tbe light to enter All tbe deeds of tbe fed fern properties were found arranged with sorapuloos care in the chest we had discovered. Silas Redfern hid used the chamber as bU secret room, and had evideuijy tnkfo tbe opportunity of tfsmieaod Konlyoe being away frurn tbe house to enter it for tbe purpose of examioing some of tbe papers or of adding more gold to bis store. The lid had evidently fallen down upon him and stunned him, and be had sank forward into the ohest to be held by (he cruel grip of the lid until death first, and then wet released him. Mamie was Jegally ftttftjed te everything. Neither she nor Fordyoe bad any knowledge or snspioion of theexistanoeof the secret chamber, ana what we told them about it made it its* possible for either of them to live again in Fir dale HalL In twelve months Welter Marston led liamie to tbe altar.and then took her to the new bouse helf-a-miie below The Rowans, where Fordyce joined her ag&io.; Firdalo Hall remained untenanted, and gradually sank into decay. It is now used as a granary and for stsbliagi •nd the simple folk of the district aver (hat at timrs a figure may be even at the ruioed window at the south corner, and that it is the ghost of 8ilss Kedfern. 