MEN OF i?MUSCLE. Giants that have Figured in the Past. '------ Of the wosnderful athletes of all ages Milo of Creton is perhaps the most known. IHe once ran a mile with an ox on his shoulders; then with a blow ot his fist he killed the beast, and ate it in one day. The strongest maln could not take from Milo a polegranate which he held between his two fingers, although a woman lie loved is said to have done it. Ile could break, by contracting his veins and muscles, a cord tied round his forearm. One day. being in a house with some pupils of Pythagoras, the ceiling threatened to fall in. but Milo supported the column on which it rested, thus giving his friends time to escape. His death is well known. Hie tried to tear asunder thle trunk of a tree. but his hands got pinched in the wood, t and being unable to tssengage them t Ite perished, devoured by wild beasts. 'Theagencs of 'Thasos, who, with a body like that of Apollo and the strength of IIerculeS, surpassed all his rivals in all kinds of exclcises, wont over I,.0oo prizes. Euryhate, Chilo, IKthynsos, and Astvdarnus won also renown as won derful athletes. The strength of Samason is too well known to need description here, Ihe Roman Emsperor Calus Julius V\cus Maximsus was a inarvel of strength, being able to squeeze tilhe hardest stone to powder with his fin gers. He was upwards oft eight feet in height. and his swife's bracclet could serve him as a linger ring. Salvius of Rome could walk up a ladder carrying aoo pounds on his shoulders, aoo pounds in his hands, and coo pounds fastened to his feet. Athanatus could run round the arena carrying 500 pounds fastened to his feet. locus could hold the mtost furious bull and tear away his horns as easily as one would pull up radishes. Scanderberg, King of Albania, who lived in the lifteenth century, was re .puled the strongest man of his timne. lie was a slan of great stature, and the power of his arm was such that he thought nothing of cutting two men in halves with one single blow of his sword. Francis of Vivonne, Lord of Chaas teignerave, lwho lived at the court of Francis I. of France, could stop a bull by seizing it by the horns. Louis de Boutlers, who lived in the sixteenth century, could break a bar of iron with his hands. The strongest man could not take fromi him a ball which he held between his thumb and first finger. While standing up, with no support whatever, four strong soldiers could not move hint; he remained as firm as a rock. 'Sometimes he amused himself by taking on his shoulders his own horse, fully harnessed, and with that heavy load hIe promlteiaded the public square to the great delglht of the in. habitants. At about the satie tisne there lived a Spaniard named Piedro, who could break the strongest handcuffs that could he put round his wrists, IHe folded his arms on his chest, and tent men pulling in different directions with topes could not unfold them. Augustus II., Ellector of Saxony, was a man of great strength ; lie could carry a man in his open hand, One niglht he quietly threw out of a window a mormk who paraded tile palace, pre tending to ibe a ghost. Augutstui's son1, the fatuous IlMaurice, Mareclhal de Saxc. who commsanded the Fresh at it 'ontenny, was alsns a marvel of bslellngtll, O( olne s rcasios Ihe twited wirh bis Ilingers onily a lOIng nail into a rc rlr,i.rcw, with which lih drew the rtl,s of half a,,llwen botllshs. I le routl hrak with hisi hand;s thi: strongest horl? shch . Oine day whenl in .,don he had a Iowis' with a dui st,1?at, wshesn tie set/izd theill an y lth( head, and thrwlin ,lls hlim im tl air, lt. I hini drosp right in the rmiddll of hi' .wni duist-art, The only i liipinint lwho !sri-eceded in re silung hin wastt a wlrs-sran, a Mdlle ( ila luhi , i all au t',ss, s aill Ircist I ide with he I to sIT lhI i nunsbt Mip d;willi thIr olher'i.s wii, ainld after a lrng sitlngl: s?h wron, but with the greatest difficulty. . the power or Mdllle. Gauthier's arm was fay beyond the commllon, and with her fingllers she roll up silver pla?cs as easily as any one would paper. 'TIhomas I'opliam, born in London in 1710, was a nman possessed of extra. ordinary strength. lie once lilted three casks filled with water and weigh ing in all 1,836 pounds. le is said to have had the combined strength of 12 1 Ie could bend a stout bar of iron by holding the two ends with his hands, placing the middle of the bai behind his neck, and bringing the two ends forward. lie could also undc what he had done-that is, straijhten the bar again, a much more dillicult feat. He broke a rope fastened to the ground that would sustain t,ooc pounds weight, and lifted an oak table six feet long with his teeth, though a half hundredweight was hung at the. extremity. With one hand he raised man whlo weighed 27 stone. SOnce. seeing a watchman asleep in his boxl he carried away both moan'and box a long distance. It is said of him that having been placed on some duty at the entrance gate of a racecourse, he refused to allow a four-horse coach to go through ; on the driver whipping up his horses and attempting to pass. Tophamt took hold of the hind wheels of the coach and upset it and its occen pants into the r;oadway. 'rTopha, who kept a public-house in Islington, had a wife who quarrelled with him to such an extent that she drove him to commit suicide. Her. cules, Samson, M ilo, and many othel wonders of bodily strength had to give way to a woman ; so did Topham, ap. patently. At about the same time as Tlopham there lived another wonderfully strong nman, Richard Joy; whose feats may possibly have got mixed in records with those of Topham. Richard Joy was already renowned for his marvel ious strength before Topham was born. lie was commonly known as the SKentish Samson " and the "Strong Ilan of Kent." Among other things, he could cope successfully against any powerful horse, lift a ton weight, and snap a rope that bore 3,500 pounds without breaking, the latter being far more extraordinary than Topham's similar feat. I-Ie was drowned in a smuggling ex. pedition some ten years before Top hain's death, and is buried in the churchyard of St. Peter's Church, near Rroadstairs. A Scotchmtan, said to be the last of the Stuarts, was also possessed of ex traordinary strength, from which cir curmstance he got the byname of Jemmy Strength. Among other feats he cotld carry a 24-pounder cannon, and had been known to-lilt a-cartload of hay weighing a ton and a.half upon his back. Many a time he took up a jackass, and carrying it on his shoul ders, walked through the toll gate. A lielgi.an giant could stand up under two tons. Jonathan Fowler, a slassachussetts fisherman, once walked out knee deep through the mud and filth of a sea shore at low tide to a shark left by the retiring waters, shouldered it, and brought it alive on his back to the shorte. 'The shark weighed 500 pounds -quite a load, consideriug that it was not the rost portable of articles, and that the man had to wade through mud. Dr. \\\'inship, the well-known Ameri can athlete, raised from the ground 1,4oo pounds. A seaman on board the celebrated cruiser, the Alabama, a Scotchman named Gill could lift a man at arm's length with one hand. Abraham lincoln, the martyr Presi. dent, was a man of great strength. He could with one blow bury an axe in the trunk of a tree deeper than atny other man, and lhe is said to have thrown across the roadway a pigeon. house weighing dto pounds. 