AS WHITE AS SNOW.! By Au KLINK SEBOKANT. in the .. Weekly | Seo! munn." CHAPTER I. ..Yea, ll.'« a queer liit of roast, sir, and no very well known, lining sn far away from i railway line," snid my guille in a medltiitivi tone. He wa» nn old man, willi scant grey hull and wrinkled fan., ,bnt the lient shoulden -were brniul, «nd the big gaunt, linnea of hil figure showed I he wreck nf a goodly frame He acknowledged, rallier gruffly, that hi bad a twinge of rlii'iimalisni now and then »nd that he was not the man tn* used to be lint his hlue eyes were Hill bright, und hil Tugged features expressed shrewdness and ' sagacity. They hnd told nie nt. the inn thal IIIB name waa Jacob Tregarthen, and that I should not Hnd a better gniih- tn the litlli Cornish village and its neighbourhood, tr which 1 lind been recom mended ns an excel- lent pince for sketching purposes. I had beim told of the district. Imf not ol Folwhele in particular, and (he lillie pine« came upon me with a shnrk nf surprise. Its red roofs »nd stone walls clustered under the cliff of black basalt, as if they were ? .sheltering from the fury nf wind nnd wave upon the barren shore. The hay, or cove, in which it was situ ¡ted was narrow, nnd on each sltle great spurs of rock projected into the sea, and stood up like sentinels as if to guard thu village. One could see that there must have been many a shipwreck on these outlying rocks, und that In stormy weather the entrance to the hay, except to tho small- est craft, was exceptionally dangerous. The main street of the village was con- tinued in a narrow road, which crept round the cliff« on either side of the bay. and lost : itself apparently in the outer world. Save when the fisher folk were taking their fish to the nearest market towns, they trod this road, but seldom. There was a winding path behind the houses, np the face of the cliff, which they generally preferred. It led to the church, which, as ls usually the cate In these Hille coast hamlets, wan situnted on the heights, so as to serve, if necessary, ns a beacon to the sailors out ut sen. The church took my fancy. It was a low squat building of stone, with a square tower and a lantern, and it stood on the top of the cl HF with its walled enclosure of green graves around It, curiously monumental in aspect. The sturdy strength of tho little place ¡inpressed me-it must have heen strong, indeed, to weather tho buffets of the equinoctial gales; and I was not surprised to bPiir from my friend Tregarthen that tho walls were nearly three feet thick. *'Otherwise, It would have been down many a year ngo." he said. "I should like to sketch it," I observed, after making a circuit of the building. "I should like to carry away a memory of such « bare wind-swept place upon this rocky height. It interests me." " There's many a drawing bren made of j it," said my guide, simply. " It's n wlsht place, to my thinking, from the outside. Inside, lhere « things that vou'm be nleased with, muy he." t followed him into the building, nnd found, Indeed, some curious hits of archi- tecture und curving, of which I determined to hnve ii record. Tregarthen did not say much ; he watched me in grave silence, with rather a questioning eye, as I passed from pillar to pillar, or stopped to read a linlf-effaced Inscription, or gloated over the «ld oak In the chair. Either ne knew nothing nhout the history of the church, or he would not tell it to me. After a time I became impatient to get rid of him. Something in the atmosphere of the old place affected me oddly. I felt ns if I wanted to sit and dream nf the fisher men and women who lind sat Sunday by Snndny on these rude oaken benches, living their lives out beneath the ' shadow of that old grey tower, until the time enme for them to lay their weary bones down in the grassy wind-swept graveyard upon the heights above the sea. "I should like to sit here for a little time," I said to Tregarthen, unstrapping my port- folio, " Don't let me keep you. It will take me an hnur or more to make a sketch of the chancel." I nodded as I spnke towards the north-east side of the church. There wns a curious little window in the wall, with a stone arc above lt, and traces of carvings and mould- ings which interested me. Tregarthen inter- cepted my glance nt it, and looked at me, , ns I thought, oddly ; but he only said, with a grave head of his venerable head, " I'll wait in the churchyard, sir, until you'm ready to go." I was a little irritated at first by the thought of his waiting for me ; but by and hy. In the Interest of my sketch, and of the -dreams conjured up by tho associations of the building, I lost all remembrance that he was outside. I mude a sketch of the window, which was closed with a wooden shutter as if it were never used, and looked more Ilka the door of a small cupbnard than a window ; in fact, it occurred to me that an ancient piscina might lie found behind, or that it was a receptacle for sacred vessels, This theory was sonn disturbed. For, looking round at it »gain, while I was in tho midst of a sketch nf a beautiful bas-relief behind the altar, I suddenly perceived that the wooden door was open, and that it opened either into tho churchyard or some kind of porch, for 1 saw n glimmer of blue sky and the line of a pillar or wall. Between this glimpse of the outer world nnd mc, then followed the head nf n man. whom nt first I took tn hs Tregarthen. " Hn, Tregarthen ! " I called out heartily, "So VDU hnve opened the door there, have you ? " And then I paw. it was not Tregarthen at nil. It was the fnco of a much younger mnn, lividly pule, scowling, with jet black hair and eyes - not a pleasant face, although well featured, to look upon. I looked nt him for a minute or two, and he looked nt me; then I turned to (ho west door, with n sudden impulse to call Tregarthen, and nsk him who this man might he. But on looking back I saw that the face was gone, and the wooden shutter closed. The incident had occurred in complete silence ; I had not heard a sound, although it might have been expected that the closing of the door or shutter could not be accomplished so quickly in such profound stillness. I threw down my pencil, and made my way nt once to tho little window, Gurf ouh'ly enough, I found it fastened, appar- ently locked, and secured with iron burs. I went out into the chiirrhynrtl, mid Imstiiy performed a circuit of the church. No trump or idler could easily conceal himself in thnt desolate place, unless he crnuched behind the hountfnry wall or one of the crooked tombstones. Besides, tho face that I hnd seen did dot impress ono ns Unit af a coin mon tramp. It hud un air ol' refinement, in spite of t he scowl ; anti tho jet black hair and swarthy complexion suggested a southern origin. Onrnlshtiien nie often swarthy and blnck-bniretl, I know : but there was something In this man's face' that looked lo me strangely foreign. With some difficulty I found the window where I had seen the face, ami was a little bewildered at the discovery. For it was not only shattered, hut, blocked up with masonry, and overgrown with Ivy shoots. I should have thought that I had mistaken the window but for my certainty that it was situated in Unit particular spot. I wns M.ill Blaring, open-mouthed, nt the nearly' obliterated mouldings in the wall when Tregarthen came hurrying up lo me, with it look of uneasiness in his honest, sen-blue eyes. "What's tills window. Tregu rt linn ?" I asked him ; and I noticed that my voice WIIB II little hoarse. Its never tined now, slr," said tho old man reliicinntly, ns Í thought. "Parson lind it built up years ag«. It warn't no manner of use nowadays," he said. " What was it used for in old times, then ?" " Well, sir, the story goes that lt isïwhnfc is called the Lepers' Window. In the old days there wns a leper-honsu close hy here, «Hil the poor loper-folk used to come to this window In thu chancel and listen to tim words nf pnilsn and prayer. But. Ils many ii 3'i-ur since it nita used, thunk God." "But what do you mean hy saying that it is built up?" I uaked sharply. Some inQu ence nf The place wa« affecting mp; il seemed to have got upon my nerve». 1 coulil nut speak in mt tisual lone. "It ii not built up at all," I said. " It was ni«r just now, wilie open, and someone wai looking in." "God forbid !" said Tregarthen, with i shudder. "It must hs' been a fancy, sir «nd ynu'm looking miiin wisht an* whit», as it you'd been working too hard wi' vom pencil and brush. There's a drop o'Htiilf ir your flash, maybe, ns would do 'ee good slr." " Now look here. Tregarthen," I said, " yon know a» well as I do tlipre's som H. thing queer about that window. It niav bf only some trap-donr or mechanical amincr». ment for moving it, hut. I tell you distinctly it opened wide a few minutes ago, and that I saw H man looking in." " What kind of man might lt hp you thought you saw?" ns-ked Tregarthen cautiously. "Dark-very dink, with black hair and eyes. He scowled at me ns If I had no business to be In the church. I thought he did not look like nn Englishman." Tregarthen recoiled a little, and his lips moved ns If in prayer. If he had been n Onthnllr he would, I think, have made the sign of the cross. "Yon know the man ?" I asked. " " I knew one that favoured bim once upon à time," he said, almost solemnly, " but I thought that his soul wan long ngn at rest." "What!" I cried, hnlfderlsivelv. "Are you hinting at ghosts, Tregarthen ?. Do you mean to insinuate that I did not see a living man ? Why, man, I saw him as distinctly ns I see you." "Ay sir, and you're not the first," said Tregarthen. I laughed aloud. " Ah, well, I don't believe In apparitions,"! remarked. .. TneivV evidently a story about the pince, «nd I should very much like to hear ft, but I don't promise to pin my faith on the ghost." "There is no ghost," Biiid Tregarthen, with seriousness. "At least not what folks would generally call a ghost. But I'll tell you 111.. story if you like, sir : and then you cnn fudge fur yourself. And first of all, I ve something to show you." He led mo aside and showed me a grave still on the north side of the church. Prom the way the mound had Bunk I conjectured that it lind been there for many years. The headstone gave nie little Information. Ii bore one word only-the name of ' Cynthia.' "An uncommon n«mp," I said, looking at lt with interest. Tregarthen looked also, and then approached to the stone and scraped away a little hit of lichen that was growing over the letters. There wns n singular tenderness in his ninnner ns he did this, a singular gravity in his weather- beaten, fine, old face, "There Hes the only woman I ever loved," he said, as quietly as if he had made the most common-place stntement In the world -and perhaps be had. "There she has lain for manya long year, in a grave that Some folk call accursed. Now, slr, if you like, I'll tell you my Cynthia's story. I give it in his words CHAPTER II. Ifs a mat ter of fifty years ago (auld William Tregarthen, ns we ant side hy side un the low wall of the old churchyard, and looked across I he green mound and Hie edges nf I he cliff, to the shining sea beyond) since Cynthia Tredgold came to Polwhele. She was eighteen, and I was three-and-twenty, and no sooner had I clapped eyes on her than I fell head over ears tn love. She was a beautiful creature. All the world waa agreed upon that, though some folk didn't worship the ground she trod on, ns I did. She was slim and light, yet xoft nud round, like a kitten, us one might any; not that sho looked young for her years, for though she was barely eighteen she mitrht have passed for. three-and-twenty. Her skin was dark, but with a dash of peach colour on the cheeks, and il mouth like a rose j nod her eyes were soft as velvet in their beautiful brown colour, with the lashes curling above them und below them ns black as night. And her hair was black too, mid full of twists mid curls-down to her knees when she undid the pins, but so curly Mint she could put her foot on a lock of it and then stand upright, the hair springing buck tn her knees when lt was released. She rather liked to show off that trick of hers - it was a harmless enough vanity, I'm thinking. But she wasn't a mere laughing, childish, silly creature, as you might think ; she bad a streak of passion in her, nnd you never knew where lt would come out-ft was like thu zigzag red veins in our rocks by the sea, something that could not always be seen but changed the value of the stone. Her.falher wasaseiinmn, anti lind traversed over half the lands and sens that th« world contains. He did not talk much about his travels, but he let out one day that it was in the West Indies that he'd been married, ami where Cynthia hod been brought up. And Cynthia was rather fond of tniking ubotti the wonderful things she had seen In the Islands-particularly of Jamaica and Cuba, whero Bhe had spent n good bit of her time. There was Spanish blood in her veins, elie told me, nnd I think there was a negro strain as well, but of that I can't be sure, though there was a queer strnln on her nails, which I'm told betokens African blood. English or Spanish or negro, she was the must beautiful woman I ever saw, and I loved her better than I loved myself, and would have given roy life for her, She saw my love, nnd Inughed nt rae for. il, hut sometimes she was kind-too kind, with ii sort of deadly sweetness that half killed me with longing either to make her mine or to die at her feet. There was nothing I wouldn't have done for her. And thnt was why it waa, I sup- pose, that she turned to me ono wild night, when we were all on the hench, watching the signals made by a ship that seemed likely to go to pieces on the rocks, and said lo mp, with the look and t he tone of a queen, '. Will Tregarthen, go and save them. You can do it if any man can," I did not think that any man could, for the waters were like boiling pitch, and no hoat could live In them for a moment. ; but there was just a chance that a strong swim- mer with a line round his wnlst might get safe to the wreck and get thu men buck to land hy means of the rope. But there wan a great outcry when I started to go. and thp women cast hurd mimes at Cynthia, saying thnt her heart must be of stone when sho sent the man thnt loved her on such an errand. I looked at Cynthia, just to see what sh« would say, and her eyes were Hashing ¡Ike tho lightning, and her lips were set ns if they were curvpd in stone. ** If Will Tregarthen ls n cownrd, lin is no mutch for mel" she said. But I called huck-"I nm no coward, Cynthia, and shall claim you for my own when I como blick." And I plunged into tho waters. There have been folk in Polwliele, sir, ulm were mad and wicked enough to say that Cynthia wanted lo get rid of me when «lip sent nie on this errand-If sn 1 may cull lb of hers. For no ono expected that I should come huck alive. And it was a tough job. T was nblo only tn snvi; ono man after nil. The others were mostly swept ofT tho decks and rigging before I reached the wreck ,. hut this one man had managed to hold on, and I brought him to shore more dead than alive. And t lip grent shout that was sent up hy the people on thc const nu they saw mo coming in on the top of II breaker, with t hat lialf-drownnil man upon my shnulders-for lt wns the only way ot getting him safe to land-reached me even through tho ronr of the tempest, and rings In my eats still-will ring there, I fancy, till 1 die. For when my burden lay high nnd dry upon the linnell, lt was not nt me thnt Cynthia looked. It wns at this stranger's face-a foreign, nllve-skliined face, with jet black bair falling over Hie forehead,- and t ho lips drawn buck in a sort of ghastly grin from the white teeth. Ile was insensible only, but Cynthia thought he was dead, I noticed that he hud it bandage on ono uriu, lt must have hppn tlglii.lv drawn, or thc wntrr would havn washed ft nwny. " Luis I " she cried. '. Oh. Luis, Luis ! " And then she fell down In a faint hoaldo him, and the rumour went rou nil from mouth to munt li thnt Will Tregarthen hnd risked his lifo to save Cynthia's lover from the sea. Well, that wasn't, quite true, aa shu,care- fully explained tn me next day. Luis Oliveira hud hern an old friend nf hers in Jamaica ; «he had played with him when she «ns a child ; and it was the shock of recog- nising his face that bad caused her to faint i minn the sand. Of course I quite saw the reasonableness of this, and only begged her to put ir. out of her mind, and to remember that I claimed her as my own, and begged her to name the day fur mir marriage, [ She put it off. She sniil she had not meant to promise anything, and that she was too young to marry: but she said it so gently ' nnd sweetly that I promised to say no more I abnut It for three months to come. It was January then. But before three months were over I knew that my chance was gone. When the breezes blew soft from the sen, and the flowers were springing up here in the green graveyard, It was plain enough that Luis Oliveira was the mnn of Cynthia's choice, and that Will Tregarthen ivas forgotten. I'm fain to confess that I did not like the man. He had a furtive way with him, a queer, sinister kind of look out of his jet black eyes, nnd a scowl on his forehead, which didn't go with my ideas of an honest man. Sometimes it seemed to me, too, as if Cynthia was half afraid of him. She watched bim in a half-fascinating way when he was not looking ; then, when he glanced at her, shu did not blush, hut turned a little pale, »nd looked «way. I could hardly believe that Bhe really cared for him. I remember now, about that time, they came up to the church together, and found me sitting here on the wall nf the graveyard, which wu8 always my favourite' seat when I warned th think a matter out. I had come there tn think nut the relations between Cynthia and Oliveira. But when I saw them coming, I got up and strolled about among I he gravestones, ns If I was lust on the noint of coing away. Cynthia BMW inp-sho had a quick eye. '. Don't go, Will Tregarthen," she said. I have heal cl that you know more ahout this old church than any other mun in Polwhele, except the clergyman. Do let ns go inside," 1 Humoured lier, although Oliver (IIB we called him) sneered ; and I pushed open the heavy church door, and asked her and her lovi-r lu step in. .. Not I, thank you," Oliver replied. " I'm not. a church lover." He halted on the threshold, therefore, mid afterwards walked round the churchyard, while I showed Cynthia the points that I thought would interest her most. We came at last to the little window shuttered, hut not yet blocked up-and I ex- plained to her its former use and purpose. To my surprise she turned deadly white, and drew back with a look of horror and disgust. " Lepers I But you have no lepers in Eng- land, surely 1" " Thev were before our time ; it ts nn old ?tory," I hastened to assure her. "Ia ancient days there were leper-houses in different parts of England, lind I have heard of leper windows in churches besides ours. Why do you look so startled, Cynthia?" ^riamth£iVJ: " Because," she said, hastily, " i;iiave seen and heard more of lepers than you have, Will Tregarthen, and I certainly hoped to hear no more of them lu England." " Where have you seen or heard of them ?" '.In the West Indies, of course. Didn't you know that leprosy was a frightful scourge in the West Indies? Oh, the lepers are awful - awful creatures 1 You see them sometimes with their hands dropping olf their faces half gone-oh, why do you make me remember them ?" " But where can you have Been them ? Do they let the poor creatures go about the streets ?" Cynthia laughed, and then caught her hreuth us if in a sob. "In the country dis- tricts you sea them-it is not like England, you know. The blacks used tu (ell me awful things about them-ob, If I were a leper I should cut my throat." " Poor things," I said, moved with some strange feeling nf compassion. "Does no- body nurse them ?" ? " Oh, Will Tregnrlhen, how could one nurse a leper?" ' " I don't know j If he was suffering - " Cynthia interrupted me with a sharp cry of protest. : "It would he impossible. -One could not go near them-one could not touch them." Then growing more passionate In contradiction still, she cried, " If a leper ever touched me I should die 1" We stood opposite each other, a little turned from the leper's window, but fdr some reason nt that moment we both glanced nt it. and saw that the shutter had been un- fastened, and that Oliver was looking In. He must have heard part of our conversation -certainly the last, few words. But why hp should have looked so livid pale, or glared at us with such a fiendish hatred (as it seemed) fora minute or two, I could not tell. Cynthia uttered a little scream, nnd grasped my arm.' " Oh see," she gasped. "It's one of the lepers come back and looked at us through the door." " Don't you see that it's your friend Olivet ?" I Bltlll. " As I spoke the head-was drawn hank, and thu West Indian disappeared. Cynthia tunke int.o a great fit of laughter, and "then t urned faint, and hud to be helped into the fresh air, where she sat on Hie grass with Oliver ami myself, waiting on her until sho recovered. Oliver fanned ber with his hat, und I brought her sume clear water from a spring close by. Al ter a hit she cried a little, and then seemed quieter. "You gave nie such a fright, Luis,"she said. "I thought you were one of thu old lepers coine buck nguiu I" I suppose Oliver hail benn startled in her swoon, for his face hud lint recovered its tisitnl colour, and lt was positively ghostly ns he turned it slowly towards tho girl In the spring sunlight. It. seemed for a moment as if he could not speak. "Why. Luis, how white you look I" she "xrtufm.'d, putting her hand upon his left inn. Ile drew it iiway so hnstlly that I ro iiiHinbeied thu tightly swathed bandage that I hail mice seen, and conjectured that she had given him pain. " Is your arni still hurt?" I said. "Hurt? What is the matter with lt?" Cynthia cried. If ever a mun looked ns if he could kill a nu thee, so Luis Oliveira looked then. Ile drew hack his Hps from his white tueth with a snarl liku that of a savago dog. " These ls nothing tho matter with it, and I nui not hurt," ho answered angrily; then slipping ult the wall, he-offered Cynthia j hin hallet. " Cnnio," ho snld, tn a changed voice. " Oome home, Cynthia; the wind h very cold." Site looked at him, and let her hand linger In his for a moment, and I knew by the glance of her eye and the colour of her cheek that my chance was gone. She loved him, and he loved her, after his fashion. God help them both I They walked away, hut when Cynthia was a pace or two in front, Oliver turned ngnln, and over his Shoulder hissed a horrid word to mu which she did not, hear. It was a curse upon mn-a curso upon me and mine; lint why ? What had I done ? In a few days I heard (.hat thu marriage day was fixed, and then Cynthia sent a mus sugn tn inn through her father, asking mn to como arid seo her some evening when I was disengaged. I seo her now ns plain as I saw her then, it sometimes seems tn me. Flushed and a Hille downcast, ns if she was ashamed, with lier eyes swimming and a smile coming and going at tho corners of her mouth I think I lint perhaps In thu New Jerusalem she will come to mc looking ns she did just then, and stretch out her hands to me and call me by name. " Will," sho said, " I want you to forgive me." "There is no question "f forglvr-ness between, us my pretty," I said to her. "May the Lord send you happiness ;'Unit is .all f ask." " I don't deserve lt," she sahl, ami for the first tinin it struck me that lhere was II trnuhlo In her eye, I was half of a mind to ask lier whether anything was wrong; but I Rt cried my heart against Interfering, as I culled lt, and i that is where I made a mistake. I ought to have insisted upnn knowing-I hen maybe I could Tinvo made things turu out differently. 1 I asked no questions, therefore, and she s>ild nothing more ; hut she watched me from the window as I trent dnwn the garden path and along the road, and I could not get it out of my mind that her face was fuller of wistfulness than of joy. So they were married. Did I go to see the ceremony performed ? Well, sir, I did, and so did nil the village, too. It was not a very joyful wedding, for the village folk were angry with her for ' throwing me over, as they said (though she hadn't promised me anything, and hud a perfect right to choose for herself), and Oliver wasn't popular, heing a foreigner, with a nasty scowl and a habit of cursing which folks sometimes thought would bring down a judgment on his head. And so, perhaps, it did. It wasn't a pretty wedding, either. The bridegroom's face was yellow white, and his face twitched unpleasantly. Cynthia was not only pule, but frightened- looking and forlorn. She had hud had dreams, I heard from her father afterward«. There was no fun or jollity to speak of ; and as for me, my heart was heavy as lead. They were not going away ; they hnd taken the cnttage on the hpndland, close by Cynthia's father's little house, and there, it was given out, they meant to bide. I don't know if you'll understand ute, sir, when I say there was no sleep for lue that night. I couldn't rest in a bed nor yet in the four wallB nf the house ; so I tramped miles along the cliff and hack again, reaching the height above Polwheln somewhere about dawn, where there was a golden light in the sky, hut the sun was not yet up, and the air was deadly cold. Why I came so near to Oliver's house I cannot rightly say. My feet seemed drawn in that direction against my will. I was about two hundred yards off- when I heard a rry - nay, not one cry, but wild, shrill screams, one after the other, as if some one were mazed with fear and pain. I set off to run, when suddenly the door opened, and a slim, white creature, with hair flying behind, her and arms thrown above her head, darted down the path and out upon the downs to the edge, the very edge, of-the treacherous cliff. Ir shouted nlnnil, I ran-God knows how I ran I-hut I was not in time. I saw my Cynthia throw herself from the CIUIB Into the depths below. I looked over and dared not look again. There was something white lying on the stones at the base af the cliff. She might still he alive, I thought. I called for help, and ran, madly and wildly, down t he nearest path that led to the shop-. But haste made no difference now« She waB dead. I was still kneeling beside her, and the doctor and some fisher-folk were standing round, when we saw the wretched husband, Luis Oliveira, coming towards us, with staggering steps and livid lips, his eyes star- ing, his hands clenched at his sides. The doctor tried to stop him, but he pushed everyone roughly aside, and stooped down to uncover her face. Ile laughed when he> Baw it, nnd not one of us but shrank back from the man who could give vent to that wild, demoniac laughter"'when his newly made bride lay before bim dead. Then he looked up and saw me, His Tace changed to the expression of savage hatred that I had seen before. "It was your doing 1" he cried, to my intense surprise and dismay. " Von brought lt abouti damn you I But for you she would ba living yeti" "You ore raving ¡"said I, not very steadily. " Raving, am I? Who spoke to her about the bandage on my arm ? But for that she would not have thought or suspected-and you, you Har and fool, you knew 1" " Knew' what ?" I gasped, staring at his disordered aspect, anti wondering whether I was not dealing with a madman after all. " That I-I I was a leper I" he shrieked, at the highest pitch of his dissonant voice ; then, with a, yell of laughter, he tore a loosened bandage from under his sleeve, and brandished before us the scarred and withered limb, which bore the marks of the fell disease that Cynthia had held in horror. "A leper I" he cried. " A leper-as white ns snow I" Then, before anyone could interfere, he lind drawn a pistol from his vest and shot himself through thc temple, failing dead over the hndy of the woman whom he had loved-and aluin. Ever since that day, lt has been rumoured that he is sometimes seen at the leper-win- dow, but fur myself, I have never looked upon his face again, alive or dead. So ended Tregnrl.lien's story. In its mnin outlines I know that lt is true ; and Cynthia's horror of leprosy presents nounpnralleledcuse to the student of history. As to the super- natural element nf the tale, I do not feel nt liberty to say vei y much. Unless my fahey played strange tricks with me that day, I certainly saw at the leper's window a face which corresponded In every point with Tregiirllien's of the man whose body rests at Cynthia's side In the lonely churchyard above Pulwhele. But I cannot help honing that what I saw hnd nothing to do with Luis Oliveira. mid that his troubled snirlt rests in -Wceldii Scotsman, Wurt IÎKH.I 