A GOLDEN BUBBLE. myth of the quivira. Tim most romantic and remarkable rain in the United States is that of the spectral and Ions-forgotten "city" which in tin Inst resting-place of the most famous myth In .North America, tho myth of the Qulvira. There are larger rains on this continent (though none within our national lairdcrs). and some handsomer. But no other Is so ghostly In look, nor tho grave of so many cen turies of golden hopes. Tlio myth of the Qulvira originated in 1540, in the pueblo of Pecos.N. M. — ItRelf a ruin now. Just then Francisco Vaa- niiez do Coronado— having explored from the Grand Canon of the Colorado to the lUo Grande— had come here. Tho Pccos, to he rid of him. procured a Paw nee captive to tell him of the Qulvira. a fabulous city of gold far to the north east. Coronado made an astounding inarch in pursuit of this will-o'-the- wisp— overrunning what Is now the In dian Territory and Kansas, to about where Kansas City stands to-day. He proved the myth a He In the very year of its invention; for ho found the Qul vira— the tepees of a Teton tribe of no- inad. bufCiiio-tuEglng savages, absolute ly Igimrant of the precious metals. But though strangled ho young, the Qulvira fable Is not dead yet. Even sober Onate, the founder of New Mexico, more than half a century later, chased the golden bubble; and so did many others In tho two centuries following. And more Ajnericaiis believe to-day In the fublu than ever Spaniards did. I have known a man to start from Los Angeles on this fool's errand within twelve months. In those 305 years, however, the locus of thu myth hati shifted from the eastern edge of Kansas a matter of 890 miles— clear down to the centre of New Mexico; and there lt has halted for good. , Tt will never move again— for no other place Is so fitting. And doubtless it will never perish,- since fools will never cease. For something like a conluryiiiow tlio name of "Gran Qulvira" (Great'Qulvira) has been applied to tlio wonderful ruins which arc the subject of this article. It is, of course, u stupidity out of whole cloth ; another case where sheepherders and gold-crazy vagabonds have: been permitted to make what we are pleased to call history. Not only has this spot nr>t the remotest connection with any thing distantly relnted to the Qulvira, but It is a town so historic and bo unmis takable that only Ignorance could havo misnamed .it. It is the City that was Forgotten— till u historian came along with common sense— namely, Bandolier. From live valley of the Rio Grande nt Albuquerque you see close on the east the long range of 10, 000-fnot peaks which begin wltli the Sandins and stretch far to the' south, shutting off from tho val ley the boundless great plains. You can go by carriage or horse, through Tijeras Canon and the hamlets of Chlllli, Tn- jique. and Manzano, a long, hard, inte resting ride; but . you will do: well not lo go without a guide; and you must curry, the last day going, water for your animals as well us for yourself, ' On your right Is- tho great mountain wall, on tills side sending down to your very path the vanguard of Its noble armies of plncu. On your left tlio plains stretch brown to the very sunrise.' For down them glitter the Accursed Lakes, where millions of buffalo drank till the gods blasted the waters to naftness, In anger nt a treachery (so the Pueblo folk-lore says). Ior centuries tboy have been the natural salt-works of the aborigines, and Mexicans for more than a hundred miles. Tho little Mexican towns'aro Interest ing, — In one, at Joust, you may see the Ponltento processions— and your itine rary will nalurnly include' the sui>crb ruins of Abo and Cuaray. 'And from Punta de Agua you come down Into the fllrange, hushed, grassy loneliness of the plain, wltli solitary Junlpcrsoud shadow- like antelope drifting into your, ken and out. Toward evening,, when,; the', un-' eurlhlbiess of ihe whole oee'ne hns'so penetrated that you- fool' Hint -nothing, could be Incredible— then of la', sudden you rail upon a sight which yoU Himply would nnt'have believed Jf you had seen It three days berore. Even now. though you no longer call your eyes a-llar, you can hardly take 'their first word for it. For 'tip on yonder smooth, brown winUe- bnek ridge stands the Ghost of . the QuR vlfu, There. Is nowhere : else in the world such a speotro city. . Especially when, you view It from, the higher ground to the east, at dawn or evening twilight, the illusion is perfect. It is a ghonL This was/300 years ago. Tnbira — a itown of the Toniplros tribe of the Pueblo Indians. . Jt was dlHcovered by Clmmuscado !ri 1581; seen by Hie Espcjo In"T682; oincially visited and Its 'sub-' mission received by.OiiatoJn 1598. Sep- tenibcr 9, 1598, Fray Francisco do San Miguel became the missionary of this pueblo; and about IC28 thu first church was built. ; Its ruins are ntill visible. Before 1650 h new church and a convent were reared—and It Is this huge build ing of grey stone, 202 feet front and 131 foot deep, 'with its; great cruciform temple, Its. maze of rooms and passages. Its arabesque-carved lintels (unspoiled by two centuries' exposure to the weather), Its ponderous walls; that 1ms been tlio great mystery to tho unrcud shepherd ami prospector. . They have gophered the wallo and dug a hundred feet in the bedrock for buried treasure; and. the itnies that are curcnt of sub terranean rivers, eaves full of dia monds, vaults bursting wltli gold, would put the Arabian Nights to the. blush. To persons of ordinary Intelligence It seems needless to tiuy that- there never was any treasure of any sort in any, of Lhcuc old .Mexican missions— except the treasures of heroic fuilh. Between 1C70 and 1075 tins. Apaches wiped out Tabira, and it bus never, since been occupied, l.B Ht.n. Ivors flea to 13! Pa.TO; nnd tholr dwindling descendants live .none u,n,« to this duy,— "Land of Sunshine." 