DAY BY DAY. One of the Rothschilds has presented to the London Zoo a tortoise which weighs a fourth of a ton, and is known to have re sided in the Mauritius 150 years, and was no chicken when It was brought to that island. "VVe may safely assume It is 200 years of age, and It Is still growing. It must have seen a deal of life In a quiet way, that tor toise; must have lived under a number of administrations, have remarked that a host of supposedly great men lived and died, and wore never for one moment missed, except perhaps by their creditors. This particular tortoise was once mentioned in a treaty be tween Great Britain and France; but, bless you! he dtdnt' mind. Just so long as he got his potted nigger baby for breakfast — tor toises eat niggers, the present writer thinks —and a full-grown native's leg to pick for lur.cli, and the sun was warm, and his bath t'i» right temperature, that tortoise jogged pn, sublimely Indifferent to man, his ways, his politics, and all his doddering llt.tle fUHies.' The sagacious reptile will probably be mooning about In the Zoological Gardens when the men of to- day are forgotten, and coir nial Premiers are resolved into their original gas. But that tortoise must grin soifietlmes when he thinks of the numerous nianniklns that In his time have started out to reform the world In one act, and have faded out of memory while he was putting one additional layer upon his venerable shell! 'Zed regrets exceedingly that he is not liv ing In London, in order that he might pay freouent visits to that tortoise and ponder In Its aged presence the mutability and van ity of all things mundane. The earthquake shock at Wellington, New" Zenlund, last week was "remarkable," it Is alleged, for the loud noise accompanying It, "but very little damage Was done." The person who forwarded the foregoing state ments must evidently have been an undesir able Cor desirable) Immigrant loltely arrived. He certainly could have known nothing of Wellington, if he supposes that loud noises nre remarkable In the Maorlland "Bmplrd City." Nothing Is ever done there without a loud riolse. It Is the seat of government, and the official home of the House of Repre sentatives, and it lives In a chronic loud noise, "but very UtlUe damage Is done." The wind howls there with an exceeding loud howl, and consequently the one Maorlland Joke is to speak of "Windy Welllngtoh,"' yet a nor'-wester on the Canterbury Plains will do more business In halt an hour it'han tho Wellington winds accomplish In a year ! Everytlfiing iri Wellington Is on this noisy scale. Bjit It will be quiet one day. It was nearly shaken Into tiiie sea nigh half a cen tury ago. One of these days there will bo an extrd shake; the sea will rise and come over the sand hlUri which, In Captain Cook's day, were fathoms below tho ocean, and GoVcrrirrient buildings and the House of Re presentatives will stand Up on their hind legs, and— there will be a great peace I Maeaulay's New ZeaJander will never arrive on that broken ardh of London Bridge. A human boy, aged 8, fell on Saturday, morning a distance of 30 feet. H'e fell upon rocks ft goes without saying, 'because no boy with a proper ambition, and any sense of the extent to which lie can wil'h Impunity tempt llato, would care -to flail on to a pile of feather bads or into a net. ' A report of the circumstances says, "Strange to say, the boy was apparently uninjured." It would have been infinitely more strange ha-d hi; been Injured, and while unaffectedly hop ing tliat the young hero is ail right — because, of course, flvare are exceptions to all rules, which prove them — Zed feels moderately cer tain that, according to the custom of boys, tills particular boy lias not started a button or disarranged a cuirl. But had some pro found philosopher or . gilded patriot been prisslng below when the adolescent fell, It js a moral that the boy would have gone some yards out of his proper downward course, so that he might hfctve fallen on that patriot or philosopher and killed him. A good, many years ago, In the days of the taiuit wooden frigates, a very young midshipman fall out of a frigate's maintop and killed an A.B., bounded off the latter and flattened, ta death a valuable boatswain, alighting un injured, and was Immediately and proper ly mastheaded for "leaving tlhe top without orders." Boys are made that way. Zed is sincerely pleased to find that tho Church militant still exists. The Church Lads' Brigade, a military organisation of small boys In connection with the Anglican Church, held its first daylight parade on Saturday. Its banners were not precisely blessed by tho chlureh, because possibly i(j hasn't any colours yet, but the church, as re presented by the Dean of Sydney, inspected till'; battalion and expressed rsgrdt that, ow ing to Its state of health, It couldn't 3hoinldep arrus and go out and demolish the enelmy. Tho Dean also seized the occasion to remark tha't lie thought military training In con junction with church teaching would have a very beneficial effect. As no doubt it will; though there may be some slight difficulty In squaring some of the injunctions o>f the Master with fixed bayonets and full ammuni tion pouches. Zed cannot find that any of the apostles raised military brigades among the boys of their period; but Peter wore a sword; so, presumedly, It's all right. The Intended opening ion. Sundays of the! Zoological Gardens has been criticised from, a fresh point of view. In order to dodge prosecution 'by the pious ghost of Charles II. 't'he trustees propose to admit 'the public without charge on Sundays, although they charge for admission on week dayB. This, it Is pointed out by a correspondent, is not fair dinkum. It comes to' 'the same thing as offering a premium to people to visit the gardens on Sundays rather than any other day. The next thing would be, of course, that some ungodly statistics would be' pub lished to show, by the attendance, how popu lar the Sunday opening .had been. Nothing more unjust to the cliurdhes could have been contrived, and if Mr. Drunker doesn't do something to retrieve his character, he will presently be quite coldly received in eccle siastical circles, and mot as a halo fellow well mat. It Is enough to lead congregations astray when at the expense of the State t'liere Is provided a counter attraction, where no charge Is made at the door, and an un holy 'traffic in buns and nuts flourishes like a green bay tree. The least Mr. Brunker could do would be to stipulate that a morn- key Should take up u collection. An Initiative has been given by the people of Mosman which might fitly be followed up. In an extended way, by the folks In other localities. They have arranged to start a life- saving society, on the English plan. There Is nothing to show that Mosman pos sesses any superiority over other localities, as regards onportunlties for developing a society of this kind. A bit of a bay with a bog at the upper end, and a few visiting In fVin rteener nortlon. some rocks, and an electric tram, are not extraordinary sour ces of opportunity. St. Leonards has nearly as good chances In those respects, and Is perhaps superior In the need of drainage. But anyhow, It seems rather narrow in the Mosman people to restrict their life-saving to "the English plan." When an Individual perceives, after due reflection, that he stands, or floats, In need of life- saving, he is apt to regard with some disfavour the strong nn- tienal sentiment which restrains a member of the local life-saving society from saving his iife because the thing could only be ef fected by having recourse to a method which had been "made In Germany." Should Zed's life ever again be In danger— and it pro bably often Is, from victims who are in veigled into reading his pars, under the pleasing delusion that they will be found to conclude with excellent and useful counsel about the effect of somebody's soap upon the . gastric juices — he will be content to subor dinate his fine feelings of devotion to tho dear old motherland, with which he is con nected by that crimson thread of kinship which — in short, he will be glad to be saved by any method, domestic or foreign, and if It be a drowning matter a stout rope will unit him better than anv thread, crimson o» otherwise. ZED. 