A GREAT WRONG; OR, THE e, IrYSTERY OF BLACK IIOLLOW GRANGE. \-- e- al CHAPTER XI;I.-(CONvTISED.) " i '.at S!all I say to Lim 2" she whispers. 'IHor shall I tell Ambrose when he comre? ?" The old fatherr : is impatiently for a few ly moments. ar.ai, r ceiring no answer, he it bounds up the stairs. )alaud nmer !.m at the door, and her white face s!arrhs him as if it were a ghost. i " nat is it t"he questions. "Is the little lass ill ?' h Then he sets the open winlow, and the drifting snow, and uran is silent and It ahbast. d "Father, the window was open when 11 I came up," f.lters or Stan,!. " Isabel has gone." " Gone I" hc 'l,-.ts. "Gone where ! Not out ir. this erni,r la" l " S alend mekes no answer; she only looks at him, her eyes fhll of unatt, rab:e pain and pity. Snmclrhing in the Itek makes the old Sfathecr sart, and drives toe colur from his , ruddy cheek. t "Yon don't mean to say-you don't think," he stammers, pti;:ing his handI to his head, like one bewi.lctted. Then he rushes to the open casement, and Slooktl:l out, ates tie torn and trailing vine. A I al?eP, Iitiful cry escapes him. He turns to bead entr atinS:y. "* Msudie, dMandledon't tell me 'tis so," the falters; "t can't be,child t Why, she was in her wedrdin, clrthirs. She wouldn't have left her old falthr so. No, no; come, lMoat, we'll uind her. Come. lass I" lie rushes down the stairs, and Htaud follows, through the room, tilled with music and dancing, out into the wild winter aigl.t. "come, lss,." he repeats, leading on to. wanl the stlahls, and Mauld illows, ?er black tair all wreathed with snow. A stable boy comes out with a lantern in his hand. "iHas young Mr. Ifarlowe gone, my lad 2" f Jemands the squire,strugglingvainly tokeep tis voice steady. " Ay, sir-gone this hour, mebbe I" " Yon saw him go, then ?" "Ay, sir," with a grin, and a knowing leer. The old man hesitates, and breathes last and hald; at last he gulps out the ques. tion. " Did any one gi with him, Tim I" Tim winks the snow out of his eyes, and wears an innocent face. "TYes, squire, he took a lady with him I" ne answers. There is a dead silence for a fall minute, then the squire turns fiercely on his laughter. "It is true, 3?aod," he gasps, his voice thick and hourse; "be has carried her of. Carse him, and curse hert" Obh, father, hsh I" entreats Maud, cling. ing to his arm. But he throws her off, his eyes glaring, his chest hearing, his face swollen and purple. "Crse him " he repeats, bhuskily. " He has stolen her from me, my innocentdarling, he will bring her to shame and sorrow. Go and fetch her back. M?and, I say; follow them, and fetch the little one home," The words die in inarticulate gasps, be polls fiercely at his collar as if it choked him, then throws up his two bands, and falls like a log, face downward, in the drifts. CHAPTER XIV, THE FAITHFUL DOG. Day dawns over the white, Highland hills. and over the drifted moorlands. The fierce winds have subsided,thesnow has ceased, and the sky breaks out here and there in clear, opnline rifts, The Highlander, who have scoured the bill-paths through all the terrible night hours, cluster about the huge firein the farm. house kitchen, with awed faces and silent lips ; even the panting dogs, stretched before the hearth, look up with wistful, sympathis. ing eyes. A great calamity has fallen upon the hitherto happy occupants of the old farm. house. Little Isabel is gone, and in the next room, where the curtains are drawn, and silence reigns, her fond old father lies dying. laund sits at his pillow, white and calm moisteniup his livid lioc.conntinghislabored stertorous breathlngs; and in the next room, the faded wedding garlands hang, and the remnants of the wedding supper are still visible. A couple of neighboring farmers have gone in search of Isabel, with small hope, however, of finding her; and of Ambrose, the bridegroom, no tidings can be gained. The Iighland lade, and their trained dogs, have scoured the country for miles, but with. out success. There is no trace of Ambrose since he parted with his mother at the cot. tae door. And she, poor woman, is beside herself with grief, and had to be restrained from rubing out into the drifts to follow her husband, who has gone in search of Ambrose with a fresh party. She sits in a corner, wringing her hands, and rocking herself to and fro, and complaining inces santly: "31y brave, handsome boy my darling Ambrosel Only to think of him lying under the drifts, stark and cold I" Meanwhile the father and his party are scouring every inch of land between the cot. tage and the Felside, but so far withoutensuc. ceos. They pause now, as the red sun comes snoaring up on the wild hill-range beyond which the haunted manor lies, worn out by their long tramp,m and utterly dis' heartened. The father breaks outinto a series of heart. broken moans, and his grief unmanshis com. ri:s. '"Come, come, neighbor, keep heartl' cries one of the party. "It is not as bad wi' you as them at the Fellsidefarm-the squire a-dyin' and the lass gone off to her ruinl I H'e may stumble on the lad yet. Was he willing to the marriage, and fall fond o' the la.s, thitnk ye " " Well, he wasn't o'er eager, that's a fact. Thu match were o' the dame's making from first to last; but Ambrose was fond o' I.,bCl, and she were a likely lassie, and if ye ktrwr my son, mates, ye wouldn't think him the rian to back out, and leave his bride a. oaltirg on her wedding.right, no matter whart a'd do " '" Nay, nay; we all know tbhat,neighbor. ut what can ha' become o' the ladl? He ca:,t ie under the drifts, and the dogs miss hitr.' ' No, no; they'd a dog him outlong ago," Ger. art makes answer. "But look ye at thalt digF yrondcr, and hark ye what ary he pirs; and he did the same thing when we l"s-ilt that place before-the lad's own dog, tsr., ;s slept at his feet ervery blessed night. Comrades, what docsit mean 1" lIe points acreus the hills, and they all see the gray dog that was the special pet and favorite of Ambrose scudding through the llur:k Hollow, and making a straight line fi.r the haunted house. He darts along throughb the drifts, his nose to the gronad, a curious, whining cry escapIng him as be The men stand and watch him, and a pallid awe stealsover their rough faces. "What does it meanl" theyr whisper'one o another. "·urely tae sao canna be In that house." Gerhart's face grows very white and his lips twitch nervously. "Not unless he was decoyed there for a some fool purpose," he answers. Then, with a shbirer running through all his strong limbs, "'Heaven abore us, neig'bors," he breaks out," the oIl manor were all alive Ci last night, a thing that hasn't happened for years." They stand shuddering and silent,. Gerhart watches the dog with anxious eyes. iHe runs on across the grounds, A through the gate, and up the terrace steps; l then he pauses and rlooks back with a cry a' that a.vaens a hundred echoes amid the ci snowy hills. p1 "hlark ye, mates, he is calling us," whis. m pers Gerhart. " He's streck the lad's trail. di Look, he's acrss the terrace now sndon the at doorsEteps, an I bark ye what a cry I The le very cry be girves when he finds a lamb in the cnow I Mates." and hbe turns upon them di wi:th a white, awestlricken face, "ye ha' I' been friendly vi' me in my trouble, and l'm hi not ongrarteful. Gt ye home, noa, nd ye r can say to the miisus a I'm gone to follow ce the doEg." The arricals In Victoria from West Aus treli last month numbered 1273, snd de. purtures from Victoris to that enloany 141.I ase turns rrom tnem, ant ianue neanlong I down the hill-path. They follow him to a man. \- Wait a bit, Donald," they shout, simnl. tanroosly. "D'ye think we'd letye face the danger alone? Wait. man, we'll go a. breast, and if harm comes, let it come to all." He turns and grips hand after hand in grim silence. Then they go tramping on side by town the path, across the Black Hollow, where the murdered la,ly's gravestone arises pale and spectral above the drifted snow, up thecliff, and across the grounds to the terrace steps. The dog sees them coming, and fies down to meet them, uttering cries of joy and fawning at his master's feet. 'l What is it, my brave dog I Have ye found him " asks Inahld. The creature looks up, his eyes shining with an intelligence almost human; then, with a plaintive cry, he darts away. Tihe dog hounds onward, clostly followed by the mtn, and dots not halt until he comes ton spectral figure recumbent on the snow. A loud bark and an almost natural impression of pain call the attention of the men to the motions of the intelligent animal. Presently they come up, and a strange eight meets their eyes. Tn bLoly of a young man lies prostrate before them, his upturned face chastly in the wintry ligh!t, his manly lils rigid, a pool of blood staining the snow beneath his right side. Thus they find Ambrose, the handsome bridegroom. A rud litter is hastily constructed, and with all possible speed they get him from the accursed place, and bear him aeross the snowy bills to his father's cottage - dead as they believe him-foully munlered at the Haunted Manor on his wedlin.g-night. CIIAPTER XV EBLMSED Is glF. BiIDEo WHOM TRI B51S SoINE. Oe. London looks its dreariest this wintry morning. Smoke and yellow fog bang oves everything like a pall; the gas-lamps, still burning, although it is high noon, flare and glimmer in the raw wind, and the incessant winter rain beats against the window at which Isabel stands-a forlorn little figure to look at; her pretty child's face pale with weariness, the white silk bridal dress all soiled and'crompled; and she is not a bride yet. The cold wasso bitter,drifted snowsedeep, that Arthur decided to make no stop, so they have travelled day and night to London. He has gone off somewhere to make arrangements for their marriage, and to draw on his banker for money, and Isabel is alone. She stands at the window of the secluded lodging-bouse and looks down upon the flaring lamps, and the dismal streets, and the bedraggled passengers, with cruel pain at her young heart. She has never seen London before, and this first glimpse of it is unutterably wretched. She thinks of the cheery old home amid the Scottish valleys, of the glow. ing fireside, her father sitting in his great chair, and Maud at her little sewing stand, Do they miss her, she wonders Will they ever forgive her and love her again? The door opens and the landlady looks in. "Well, my dear," she begins, fluttering back her pink cap ribbons, "how are you now? Not a-cryin', sorely? Why, that'll never do. You'll spile your eyes and look quite a frigh~ when the gentleman getsback. Afair.spoken gentleman he'pears to be, too, and nota bit close, which he paid me down in advance, and two shillin' over and above mycharge, an' then put his purse-an' it a crammin' wi' Bank o' Hengland bills - in my Belindy Jane's hands and sent her out to by your outfit, miss, with orders to buy the best of everything, and not to spare change, which I hope he means honest by you, miss; otherways I should feel unwilling to have you under my roof." Isabel turns round at last, with wide, tear filled eyes. "What did you say, madame ?" she falters, "I don't think I quite understand you." Mrs. Hobbs makes her pink streamers in her virtuous excitement. "I say, miss, as I hope as this young gentleman means to act honestly by you." lsauel's eyes widen and ner tips quiver Ikte achild's, but in her trustful innocence she does not folly comprehend the landlady's meaning. She turns back to the window, and down below, and amid the smoke and rain, she sees her lover. A glad cry breaks from her lips and her eyes light with rap. ture. In another minute be is at the door, and she files to welcome him. "Arthur, Arthur, I have been so wretched I Sqm so glad you have come I" He claps her close, looking down upon the slim, disheveled figure I" " Never mind, love, I shall not leave you again,"hesays, soothingly. "My arrange. menrs are all made, and here comes the young woman with your outfit. Nothing remains to be done now but to get yourself ready and drive with me to church. Before this beastly day ends, yon will be my wife, and to.morrow morning, if I receive an answer to my message, we will start for Marlowe Hall." The landlady draws a long breath of re lief. "'rm glad to hear you say the same, sir," she puts in,pushingup in front of the young couple, "though I was satisfied you meant her fair and honest." The baronet's son silences her with asingle flash of his handsome eyes. " That will do, Mrs. Hobbs, thanking yon all the same for your good intentions," ha says, haughtily. "Please have the goodness to assist your daughter in unwrapping her purchases, and when we've selected a suit able outfit, I'll trouble you to help this lady with her toilet. A good deal cut, the landlady compresses bar lips and makes haste to assist Belindy Jane, who comes In, panting under the weight of herpackages. Meanwhile while Arthur takes a pretty casket from his bosom, and turns to Isabel, "Look, dearest, here is you bridal present," he says, displaying an exquisite set of pearls and diamonds, "and here is your wedding ring, the mystic little circle that will make es two one." Isabel screams and claps her hands like a child: "Oh, now lovely I Oh, if Maudie could see them I Arthur, Arthur, how good you are to me I" He smiles with pleased admiration. "I'm glad youe like them dear, By and by, when you are Lady Marlowe, you shall have costlier gems and finer robes than these." "8he couldn't well hare finer or hand. somer than these, if you please, sir," puts in Belindy Jane, pushing np with an open par el In her hands. She shakes out asgaudy robe of flimsy silk, pea-green in bue, and profusely adorned with Ifashy bogles and cheap lace. Isabel stare with round, amazed eyes. while her loves swallows something like an imprecation. It soon becomes apparent that the gaudy and flimsy fineries purchased by Belindy Jane amre utterly unsuitable for a bride. With an angry exclamation, Arthur kissed Isabel, begs her to be patient for an hour or so, and hastens from the house. Isabel is still gezing from the window, two hours later, when through the heavy rain, a cab whirls up to the door. Arthur comes, and brings with am ano immense covered trunk, and a small, sharp. eyed. slim.walsted French modiste. She hastena up the stairs, and tutters into the dull room like a bird, and the great trunk follows, It is packed to the brim with all sorts and shapes of dainty feminine articles .n the very top a bridal dress of mouse'gray silk, with lace at the cuffs and throat, that lduchess might wear. It is brought forth, with a little gem of a hat, and tiny gloves and boots to match, and with much chatter ng and gesticulating on the part of the 'adiete, Isabel, like a second Cinderella, is rliesed of her crumpled robes, and attired "or her bridal. All her briglrt curls are r. rranged and she smiles, and dimples, and .lushes, and Iciks the very fairest bride iu 1y :, l1 by a second carriage comes, and Arthur leads her down and seats her amid the cushions at his side, and they are whrirled away. through the rainy twilight, to thle old church called St. Elfrida. and there, in the presence of pictured saints and sculptured monks, while the organ thunders, and the dreary winter night falls, they are made man nd wife. " What God hath joined together, let no man put assunder I" At the same hour, just as the wtontr doy dies and the twilight falls, down in tile o:i Felside farmhouse, Squire Melville braties i his last. He has never rallied from thaI awful shock which struck him down like a eruel blow. Hes oons his eysandlooksabout him with It is a wise man that knows ohat his bill of costs will come to.-Judge Moles. worth, Sconinfoli-gldncel, fortlh? fut timii ias te wintry sun goes down. "Maud I" he calls, in a whisper. She bends over him, and lays her tender hand.on his brow. " Matd, did they find the littlelass! Did they fetch her back I" Mood crashes down a great sob. The truth most be told. "No father; they could not find her." He groans, and turns his face to the wall. When he looks back again, that gray shadow wI hich sooner or later falls on all humar faces, darkens his solemn eyes. 2 "Poor little bes t poor f elish lamb I" he murmurs, brokenly. "They'll break her heart I I shall never see her again, Maud SI'm gocing out with the winter day-but you'll find her. She'll come back to you in b her sorrow and shame. Poor little lass I cursed her in my wrath, but I didn't mean I It. Tell her, when she comes. Maed, that her old father forgave her, and blessed her with his dying b?eath--my poor little tender 1lamb I" A .\\. tlhee were his In=t wo:Ld. When a :i.e liknea fell, Maud sat alone with her d..ad. UllAl'riSIt AVI. srPitrrcn AWAY. Man and wife-Sir Hereford .Marlowe's I only son :.ad heir, antd I.?,ul, the t Scottish herdsman's daughter. They leave Londnl in the gray of a nnother morning for the ancestral mean. sion, Marlowo Ilall. Atrthur seat his message, a few hours prior to his marriage, inf',rmcin his father of the step he had taken,, despile his express conmmands, and hle;ing per mission to bring his wife home, nwith little hope, however, of receiving any thinginreplybuta repetition ol lis father's former decision ; for, of all men, the baronet wa?s the last one to change his mind and revoke his spoken wstrds. Still, hoping even against hope, Artlur sent his message, and with it a l'iter to I his only sister, entreating her to inter ] cedo for him and get pernniseion for him t to bring his wife home. When they hadl t once seen his little Isabel, he felt sure of e pardon from them all. And this answer comes at ten o'clck I on his wedding.ni.,ght, brief and to the point, only four words, "Dring your wife home." Arthur is fairly bcside himself with rapture in his glad surprise. '"How good of theim all!" lie said a dozen times over. "I really dii not ex. e pect it; but it is Edith's work. Sheo is my only sister, you know, Isabuel, : d ju.t the handsomest and best girlin Eigland. I can fancy how you will love her, little 1 one." Happy Isabel smiles up at her lhand some bridegroom, her silly heart flutter ] Inglike a bird in her breastat the thought of all the grandeur of the home and kin i dred to which she is going. Poor little girl, she quite forgets theold roof tree be r oeath which her young life lad passed so happily; and she is not a clairvoyant to s aee the white face and folded handsof the ald father whose fond heart her wayward I ness has broken. Her sleep is disturbed by no remorse, no regret, and in thecgray of the following morning they leave smoky London for Marlowe Hall. It is an imposing old pile, on the sea t :oast of Lincolnshire, and the young aouple reach the sltation, and get their first a glimpse of the gray turrets in the wane of 1 a winter day. "See, Isabel, little wife, yonder is four future home," cries Arthur ex aitedly,pointing across the yellow dolwns; "and here comes the carriage to take us there. How good my people are. Isabel, little one, you must love them very dearly for my sake." His handsome eyes actually fill wilh tears in his relief and gratitude. He is a romantically in love with his pretty child wife; but it would hurt him keenly to lie scorned and cast off by his family anl b.. - gared of all his splendid heritage even for ha er sake. Isabel looks at the stately turrets and a ivied walls glowing in the yellow light, and a little thrill of terror and misgiving stirs her heart. "I shall love them, Arthur, if they'll only let me,"ehe faltered,adding,witlhin upturned glance of her sweet eyes, " but will they I Do you think they'll be sure to like me, Arthur ?" He would like to take the pretty child's face in his hands and cover it with kisses, but there are loungers in and around the station, hence lie refrains,and answers with tender ardor: r "I do not think so-I knowe so. No one on earth could help liking you, tmy precious little wife I Have no fears, you shall be the happiest and grandest little lady in old England." Her face flushes rosy red with joy, and her heart dances in her bosom. " Oh, how much better this is," she thinks, "than marrying Ambrose, and living in that horrid Highland hut all my life." "Here you are, Hastings," cries Arthur, addressing a liveried coachman. "All well at the Hall, of course P" "All well, Mr. Arthur. The coachman doffs his gold-laced hact the splendid carriage, all a-glitter witl the Marlowe arms, rolls up; the high. stepping bays are reined in. a id little Isa bel, who has trod the brown, heather all her life, is lifted by Arthur's caressing arms, and seated on the silken cushions. Then they whirl away, just as the red winter sun drops out of sight. To Da coarnar. 