THE SQME OF EKDERfi&Y; OR, . Under Qaeen Victoria's Enle. A STORY OF OLD ENGLAND AND YOUNG AUSTRALIA. By FREDERICK BDRDIN. CHAPTER I. Jhe domain of Kildermay was of great extent, and its records dated back to the Norman Conquest Its fief was held by Baron de Lacey, who obtained it from the "Conqueror" in satisfaction for mili tary services. But in course of time that family died out, and the domain passed from knight to squire till, in the time of Queen Elizabeth, it had been reduced to less than half its former acreage. The Norman castle, built by the first baron, which had for centuries been a terror to the surrounding country, had be come a ruin, and the greater part had been removed, but the remainder had been utilised by adding to it a new structure of the Elizabethan style. About fifty years prior to the com mencement of the following events the domain had been purchased by a weal thy Scotchman of the name of Good win, who considerably increased the size of the estate, so that at this time it fell little short of its original extent. Goodwin was a bachelor, by repute, of a morose temper, and at constant war with his neighbors, so that he was ignored by them — a condition of things which rather pleased than irritated. On the death of a near relation he had taken charge of two children, a boy and a girl, to whom he became devotedly at tached, and it was no secret that tliey would be his heirs. The only other member of the family was a ne'er-do-well, who, before the advent of the two children, had looked tpon the estate as his 011 the death of his uncle. He was a man of about forty years of age, fonder of the gay city than the quiet country,, and bore a character the reverse of good. Robert Goodwin died, and, to the surprise of everybody, left 110 will — at least, none could be found, and, in consequence, John Itawdon became his heir. The village of Kildermay lies in a hol low formed by the slope of the sur rounding hills. It can boast no claim to historical notice, for from the day the first stone of its oldest cottage was laid its existence had been humdrum, save for an occasional rara avis In the shape of a visitor to the hostelry. But its tor por had begun to pass away for ever under the slowly grinding wheel of Time, which had brought two changes against which fell monotony itself was not proof. One was material.and awoke the echoes of the hills by its shrill whistle.and sleepy apathy of the village by the bustle it brought in its train. The other was corporeal — namely, the death of the squire, and -the advent of a new master more in keeping with the new order of things. The village, as I have said, nestled at the base of an amphitheatre formed by a natural conformation of the land. The crest of the hill spread for some dis tance to form a kind of table-land, and then dipped in undulating meadows and Valleys. One mild October morning a traveller stood on the crest of the hill and sur veyed with evident pleasure the village below. The sleepy calmness of the scene, made more reposing by the ab sence of anything human, appealed strongly to his feelings by contrast to tbe whirl of life In the vast city he had lately left. He was a young man, slim- ly built, but of well-knit frame, and his manner and dress betokened a person above the common. His features were Pleasant, and would be called handsome tvhen animated, but in repose they at tracted more by the sadness of expres- which revealed deep suffering. Though young in years, there was that m his bearing which indicated intellec tual powers developed to a high degree, and a quick perception which admirably fitted him for the study of law in which «e was engaged. The beauty of the scene on which he gazed tempted him 1 to linger in contemplation of it, and to fiote the long, straggling street, and "Eat, trim cottages. "There are oher views than this to en hance the eye," he said, aloud, "but ®one so soothing to the mind. Yonder j mansion on the high ground beyond the j Vi'lage Is the HalL Ah, ine, there lies j my fate! — for me the beginning and end of all joy in this world. Kate, darling Kate — my love, my life, and constant thought and great desire— why art thou so cold? Why dost thou lift, my soul to the seventh heaven one momept, and the next fill It with despair?- 'iVjvUl solve these doubts onqe.for all, thdugfii' the solution crush me.",,-., , The traveller arose fjgjm tfieAgroun'd: on which ho had cast.? himself1, and slowly descended the patfip mow "hind then stopping to pluck sonie -wife-flower, more lasting than its fellows, tered the village. He halted athdjSb- lage inn, and glanced at the prodigy of art painted 011 the swinging sign-board, which represented an apology for a thrush— so unlike that the uninitiated were forced to read the inscription un derneath in order to find that the bird was meant for a "Whistling Throstle" — then strode through the village and as cended the hill by a private road which led to the imposing edifice he had before noticed. He was met on the threshold by a comely youth about his own age, but of much stronger build, who warm ly welcomed him, ait the same time up braiding his friend for not sending word of his coming. "I would have driven over in the dog cart and saved you a tedious walk, George." "1 have not the least doubt you would, Philip; but I preferred to walk and breathe this delightful air. I feel better for it already, and have a mind to for sake dismal chambers, ambition, and all that sort of thing, for bright sunshine and a prosaic country life." "Do, my dear fellow, and turn gipsy; I'll join you in half the expense of a van surrounded by brooms, chairs, tin kettles, and other novelties. We will live the free life of Bohemians, and feast on stolen geese, hare pie, and other delicacies." "Don't be facetious, Philip. It is very easy for you to laugh, but the joke would be on my side if you were cooped in dingy chambers reading dry law from morning to dusk. Is this your sanctum?" "Yes. It was my uncle's favorite room, and since his death I have made it mine. I am glad you have come, as I want your assistance to unravel a mystery. But perhaps you are tired and prefer to rest?" "No, Philip; I; delight in mystery. What is it? A ghost in the Blue Room, or secret passage leading to a dungeon full of horrors?" "Neither, George. It is a document which, so far, has puzzled the wisest heads to solve. It was enclosed in an envelope addressed to me by my late uncle." , . "I-Ia' a will, by which you are m possession of the estate provided you do certain impossible things." "That is nearer the mark, only it is not a will, though it relates to one. But you had better see the document. Here II "A conundrum, indeed, Philip, and difficult to explain; but it is the key to the hiding place of the will— that is evi dent. I will read it again." My dear Philip, -The enclosed paper I bequeath to you with my blessing. It may seem the foolish whim of an old man but it is written with the best m- enti'on for your good. Take heed to its command, and time will prove its value. Tbe paper was as follows: I was once animate; now I am inani mate. Memories and awe come to him who looks upon this shape which once held a soul. I am found upon the earth and under the earth; in rivers and seas? on mountains and plains; in san dy deserts, where vultures hover and nools run dry. I am part of the livin0 !md the dead. Seek diligently for this thing, which contains my will. "A curiosity in conundrum — eh, George? You are puzzled?" "Yes, Philip," replied his friend, re moving his eyes from the paper. "It set me thinking. Ha! What hybrid is that at the window?" A shaggy- h&aAcd; boy hftd clinibsd on. the window sill, and, with astonishmenl on his face, hung half in and half out, evidently disconcerted at the room being occupied. "Dan! What are you doing here?" said Philip, with an appearance of an ger. "Go away instantly." The boy disappeared, and Philip, turning to his friend, said, "Poor boy, he is half-demented. Aly late uncle took great interest in him, and allowed him to come and go as he pleased. Since his death the queer creature has been in consolable, and haunts this room day. and night. Neither my mild threats nor fear of my cousin's whip prevent him." "Has he a home?" "Yes, he lives in the village with my old nurse, Betsy Stump; but even she cannot control him. But the paper, George; I am anxious to have your opinion of it." "No doubt, Philip; but first answer my questions. Have you any idea of its meaning?" "Not the slightest." V'And your cousin, John Rawdon— can fie explain it?" -ilN 0 ! he pooh-poohs the document and ' says there is nothing in it. He wanted to destroy it, so I have kept it under lock and key. You must know that there was 'no love lost between my uncle and his nephew, thus you can easily perceive my cousin, does not wish the will to be found. As matters are now, he succeeds to the whole of the property." "You surely have a copy of the paper?" "No, George." "Then I will make one at once; under such circumstances the paper might be destroyed." "That would not matter, for every word, line, and sentence is indelibly en graven on my bratn." "Well, for my own satisfaction, I will copy it. Leave me alone for a while, Philip; perhaps as I am not personally interested, I may find a clue to the meaning of the conundrum." Left to himself, George Alarsden spread the paper on the table and read it several times. Difficult problems had an attraction for htm, and this was the first of the kind he had tried to decipher. He had a peculiar aptitude for unravel ling intricate points of law, and he knew no reason why this conundrum should not be easily solved. But it proved a harder task than he anticipated, and at the end of an hour he was as far from a solution of its meaning as when he had begun. "Well, George," said Philip, "have you succeeded?" "No, I confess myself beaten, though I have used all the brain power I pos sess. The thing is too general; it exists everywhere, hence the difficulty. One thing is certain to my mind: your uncle By the bye, if he was your uncle, how is it Mr Rawdon claims the heir ship?" "He was not." renlied Phiiio. " We called him so, but really the relation ship was not very close." "And they were not friendly. Then a will does exist; your uncle had an ob ject in writing this curious paper. He was too sensible to do so without a definite and ulterior purpose. What that purpose was is pure speculation, but my theory is this: You are inexperienced in the ways of the world, and consequently at the mercy of unscrupulous persons, or let me say person. The property re quires great tact to manage, which you must admit; also that you are not suf ficiently conversant with the many lit tle details so necessary in an estate of this magnitude. What is more likely than that your astute uncle reasoned after this .fashion? He knew the good points in your cousin's character as well as the bad ones; that under his supervi sion the estate had prospered beyond measure, and that it would continue to improve if left to him until Increased knowledge of the world fitted you to have complete control. He was doubt less afraid that your cousin might ob tain power over you by fair or foul means to his advantage. Suppose he reasoned thus, and hid the will where It could not be found without the key to its biding place. I firmly believe that was his intention, and that the conundrum cannot be solved except by travel in foreign lands. You are expressly bid den to 'seel: diligently,' and, from the context, through all the world. Per haps some incident of the past or future will make clear what is at present dark. Did your uncle ever speak of his early life? I heard he disappeared from Kil dermay for fen years." "No, George; he was very reserved, and a man of few words. Once only did he break through his habit of coldness. It was shortly before liis death, and we were sitting side by side enjoying the coolness of a summer evening — he silent and I perforce likewise— when he said, 'Philip, what a beautiful sunset! How brilliant the tints of the clouds!" Then, changing from animation to desponden cy, he continued: 'Crimson and purple, crime and shroud. Whose crime? Whose shroud?' Then he sighed and relapsed into silence. 'Of what were you think ing, uncle?' I asked. He looked at me in a vacant manner, and muttered some unintelligible words, the while twisting his thin fingers one within the other. I had never seen him so moved. Then he spoke clearly and forcibly, still staring at me. His eyes seemed starting from their sockets, and the eyeballs appeared to be covered by a diaphonous film, on which the mind was portraying with vividness a scene of the past. 'Too late — too late!' he groaned. "Merciful Heaven! shall I never escape from this torture? Oh, for one drop of wafer to moisten my pairehed throat!" Then he stretched out both hands, half raised himself from the seat, and fell laughing into my arms. He recovered almost im mediately, and the fit, or whatever i!t was, passed off, seemingly without any ill effect. "Let us go indoors, Philip,' he said; 'I feel chilly.' As we approach ed the house, he stopped, and said, kind ly: 'Yes, the setting sun. Go towards it, my boy; travel and gain wisdom. It comes for seeking, even in the desert.' At the door of tihis room he bade me good night, squeezed my hand firmly, and added, 'I think I have acted for the best.' They were the last words he spoke to me, for the next day he became seriously ill, and in three days he died." "And left you and your sister penni less. I suppose it is for (the best, but It requires a great faith— blind faith— to believe it." "Yes, George, dependent on the boun ty of John Rawdon. Never that, al though it will be painful for us to leave this old Hall, our home for so many years. She does not know thait she is no longer mistress here; but it must be revealed, and the quicker the lietter. I will tell you a secret, George. My cou sin loves Kate passionately— genuine, I think, for once in his life. Women are women, and I am afraid, when she knows that this is no longer her home, she will accept him. To give up luxury for genteel poverty, and the easy posi tion of nvistress for the drudgery of daily toil — the position of a squire's wife and fifteen thousand a year to be come a portionless nobody — are consid erations enough to make a young girl eager to accept one who would enable her to retain her state. Simple and ig norant as I am in such matters, I know what would result from a union between my sister and her cousin. Knowing how unscrupulous he Is, and the ill re pute rumor gives him, I would sooner she should beg from door to door than marry him. George, as a true friend, advise me how to act." Had Philip been less intent on his own troubles, he would have been astonished at the effect his words produced on his friend. How often we forget in the re cital of our own wro-ngs the feelings of others! It is human nature to see one side only — to utter killing words without a thought of what may, be ..caused by them. The sting of Uhe.beplakts but a little while, but the4art%hJ enters the heart twists and.,r€pklOjj uncfeashjg- y- xgi V '"KSX George Alarsden wias! lard edgy in-hwfe with Kate Goodwin-Vfijtft thtfp-kindo Infatuation miscallecL'Ijwe, bft- tiMelj sincere, ingenuous devotion;. cofltroHedj by fears that it may be uniffitedn y so prefers to bask in the prhsatijgpt Jjife object of its adoration day by'iflayf to feed on every look, and treasure up every smile; to remember every word, yet is afraid to breathe the avowal that will decide its fate— pure, unselfish love, re strained by its own overwhelming pow er. Every word spoken had deadened each impulse of his throbbing heart, and would fester deeper and deeper as time passed. But no sign of the anguish within his breast betrayed itself in the quiet self- command with which he spoke; a slight pallor, passing away momentarily, alone showed the depth of feeling "You ask for my advice," .he said. "I must decline to touch on so delicate a subject. Your sister Is mistress of her own heart, and it would be presumptuous for me to interfere. I thank you for your confidence. Pleased be satisfied with my answer." "Certainly. Nevertheless I shall warn her against him. . . . Sh<Il we try the copse for a pheasant? This matter makes me a veritable savage. I feel I must kill something to divert my thoughts." The two sportsmen shouldered their guns, and trudged, silent and thoughtful, over the fields sodden by the October rains. CHAPTER n. Wycliffe Hall stands on an elevated plateau in one of the southern counties. It is an object of attraction, not only from its age and picturesque situation, but for the memories associated with Its found ers. The central portion consists of a; solid stone tower built In the eleventh century, and is all that remains of tha once huge castle which defied the power of kings. The greater part is of seventeenth cen tury origin, and if not so imposing, is at least better adapted for peaceful times. Its interior is spacious and handsome. The entrance hall, semi-circular in shapes is richly ornamented with carved oak, and the panels from floor to ceiling are covered with tapestries depicting hunting scenes. A staircase of stone, with marble balustrades, divides as it ascends, and ends in two galleries, out or which the various apartments open. The galleriee contain niches, in which pose knights la armor and statues of former owners. The exterior is pleasing, and its marble co lumns, with superficial flutings capped by cornices moulded in the mixed Gothto and Italian styles, give to the mansion a, stately appearance, which is not detract ed from by the more modern embayed windows. These command a delightful view of the surrounding country, and wide expanse of meadows, plantations and streams, and, beyond, rising hills of green. At one of the embayed windows stood a man, of middle age, admiring the pros pect with evident pleasure. Fortune had at last ceased to be flckio, and John Raw don had good cause to bless the goddess who had, at last, poured her treasures without stint into his lap. Everything he looked upon was his; he was Squlrs of Kildermay, and that was a sufficient recompense for years of misfortune ; and the change had come not a day too soon. The self-satisfied air and the smile on his face altered to a look of annoyance as the two sportsmen passed across his view on their way to the wood. Hs watched till they disappeared, then turn ed abruptly and walked with rapid strides the well carpeted room. His thoughts were not of the pleasantest; and soon Ills anger burst forth in half- audible sentences. "Confound their impudence," he mut tered. "If it were not for Kate, I would send them off in double-quick time. I am ignored in my own house; my pre serves are poached at will, and my autho rity is despised. But I must act warily— be circumspect and cautious until I marry the girl, then they shall know my mind in earnest. If I were sure no will exist ed, none of that brood should touch stick on the estate. What made the old man act so strangely?There is something beneath the surface which I cannot fathom. He hated me as much as on man could hate another, yet, from a whig, past my comprehension, allowed mo to take everything by prior right. There must be a will. The question Is, 'Where is it?' " At this moment his musings were In terrupted by a hand placed on Ms arm, and a woman's voice said. In an amused tone : "What are your deep cogitations? I called you three times without avalL" "Fie, Kate! You have been playing eavesdropper." "For shame, Cousin John! Even if I was, your mutterings were unintellig ible ; but I would scorn to do anything so mean." "Pardon me, Kate; the words escaped me involuntarily. I have so many things to upset me, that I have become qui be irritable. Please forgive my rudeness." The girl, mollified by the apology, for gave the insult, though the knitted brow, and tone of voice still showed slight re sentment it "I came to ask you about this letter, I was reading In the conservatory, and put down my book while I ran upstair to fetch a wrapper ; when I returned, this note was on my chair. It is a cur ious epistle, and Its contents are so strange. I will read it: "Madam,— Beware of a gentleman, Mr John Rogers, who is living in your house. Be warned in time; he is a perjurer, and will injure you as he did me." It is unsigned, undated, and there address. What shall I do with it VW-\ "Burn it. Anonymous letters dap no better fate. Stay; on second th A leave it with me, arid I will find out who V' -tores to bring such a" missive Into this bouse. There is no one here of that name." Then, changing bis tone of' voice: "Kate, I hope you will quite for give my remark. 1 feel disgraced, and \- merit your severest censure." "You do; but there, don't look so sor rowful The horrid word is already for gotten." "Yes, Kate; but that Is not enough. Bay you freely forgive." "Of course; so nice a distinction does not occur to everyone. When I forget 3 forgive also." ' The soft tone and tremulous accent laid on the verbs befitted the speaker and her disposition. A high-toned, lov able woman, somewhat deficient in firm ness, easily led by kindness, quick to -take offence and as ready to pardon — a prize worth winning for her womanhood alone. The time seemed favorable, the moment opportune — should he press his suit? Then the letter in Ills grasp, for gotten for a brief space, obtruded Itself and obliterated all. other considerations —power, wealth, love, crushed out by the incubus lying within, the contents of the missive. His iron nerve gave no In dication of the turmoil within hiis breast, Neither was the calm on the surface luffled by the slightest change in his de meanor; nor did his voice betray in the j* degree the tenor of Ills thoughts. "You are too good, Kale. Would that the virtue of forgiveness was as pliable with us men!" "I sincerely echo that wish, especially with respect to you and my brother. Why cannot you two be more friendly?" "It is not my fault that we do not agree. All my attempts to alter our present unfriendliness meet with scant courtesy, and are powerless against bis evident repugnance to me." "It grieves me to hear you say so. I Save repeatedly spoken to Phillip, but be remains obdurate. But I do not des pair; he Is good 'at heart and one day may overcome his dislike. But I will not detain you any longer." The door had scarcely closed when John Rawdon changed from humility to haughtiness, which, however, gave place to concern as he spread the crumpled letter on the desk and eagerly scanned its contents. "The writing is disguised, but the let ter can only come from one person. How dare she come here! Her indiscretion will ruin all my plans. Who brought the letter?" He rang the bell sharply. "James, who left this note at the house?" "I don't know, sir. I'll inquire." "Do so, and let me know immediately. Confound it, the contents are sure to be divulged, and may occasion endless bother. Come in." "The servants do not know anything about it, sir; but Dan was seen lurking about the premises, and was ordered off by the gardener." "That will do. Fool, egregious fool, to become entangled with that woman. In her jealousy, she is capable of un known mischief. I must stop her tongue somehow. What is the time ? Half-past four; just sufficient to walk to the village and back before dinner." Taking his hat and stick, he passed through the conservatory into the gar- defi, which was surrounded by a high wall, with an exit at the further end. The door was kept locked, being used only by the family, and it was the only Ingress to the garden other than through the conservatory. "How did that imbecile gain admit tance? Ah, I see! He climbed ihe ivy covering the outer wall — an easy matter for him; the highest tree on the place is nothing for that rascal to climb. By fear or cajolery, I must find out how he obtained the letter." The village was hidden in a hollow a mile or more from the Hall, and the lane leading to it passed for three parts of the -way through the estate, a portion skirting the wood, from the leafy covers of which the frequent report of guns came at irregular intervals. "They are having fine sport— playing havoc with my game," he muttered. A little further on he saw a wounded pheasant fluttering on the ground, dis abled in wing and leg,. "A tempting morsel for a liaJf -starved woman and idiotic boy. The best way to reach the heart of this kind of people Is through the stomach. I will be char itable for once in a way"— picking up the bird as he spoke and wringing its neck. The cottage dn which Dan lived stood at the entrance of the village, and be- j longed, as did most of the houses, to the squire. The other occupant was an old woman, Betsy Stump, by name, who was formerly nurse to the ladies at the Hall, and In consideration of fifty years' service she had been allowed to live rent free, together with a yearly income suffi cient for her needs. It was in the power of the new squire to discontinue both gifts in the absence of provision being made for their con tinuance. Such a condition was sure to be made in the will — if not for Betsy, It certainly would be for Dan, who was wprotege of the family. It . had even been whispered that the boy should by right of birth live at the Hall— that, In deed, he was the rightful heir. Whether these rumors were true or false was known only to Betsy and the late squire. The latter was dead; the former knew how to . keep silence. (To be continued.) "Why, Frankie," said his mother, ''what are you reading in that book . about bringing up children?" "I'm just looking to see whether I'm being tupperly brought up." . . . ' 