A West African Tragedy. Mr District Commissioner Howard ruled a wild region of swamp and forest, lying between the British Colony of the Gold Coast and the Kingdom of Ashanti, ia the name of the White Queen. His territory lay wcBt of the muddy Volta Ewer, and there he suffered much from ^ heat and fever, did hia beat to put down oannibalisro and human eacrifica, whioh things aro by no means uncommon in that laud; and administered jaatico to many thousands of naked " bushmen," over whom he held power of life and death. One stifling December day he sat in the wide hall beneath the residency; Jris house, like most others in that nnhealthy region, was raised on piles to escape the worst of the miasma, for if a white man sleeps upon the ground level in West Africa he generally dies swiftly and suddenly. Green persianos shut out the fierce eon-glare hut not the heat, and the air i that entered the room was like the breath of ft furnaoe and foul with the odours of putrescent river mud and rotting vegeta tion. The Commissioner leaned feebly up on hia desk, for he was weak with fever, and groaned aa he surveyed the linea of black faoea before him, all either waiting trial for wife-stealing, midnight murder, and horrid rites in honour of the Ju-Ju devils, or bringing disputes whioh would have tried the wisdom of Solomon, for his decision. A guard of Uaussa soldiers-black Mohammedans with Arab blood in their yeins from the far north-weio ranged along the wall, their Snideis in their hands, and presently two mora entered by the open door, loading forward a tall negro, handcuffed between them. Com missioner Howard brushed away the papers which littered his desk, for the prisoner wore the crimson fez and the serge uniform of the Frontier Con stabulary, and ia the swarthy features and soldierly figure he recognised a Haussa who had once served in his own company. " Come in peace," he said, speaking in the quaint tongue of the north, with Its traces of Arab idiom 5 "but f?bat is this, Sergeant Shaillu ?" " I am DO longer a server sf the White Qaeen, but a prisoner who waits his sentence," was the ateady answer, and the Commissioner tore open a long blue envelope and read a message from hia friend, who without jurisdiction held an outpost on the Dahomey frontier, end ing : " This man incited his comrades to raid a village under Frenoh protec tion, which they did and slew the head man. The French officers are furious, and demand satisfaction, I am afraid you must haug him, Here follows . swora testimony," Commissioner Howard flung- the papers down and turned towards the black soldier " The hook (Afrioan term for letter) says you have shed blood when there was no war, and that you must hang," lie said, sharply, and the Haussa looked him straight in the eyes as he answered " The words aro trae, but there was good reason, and there waa once a day upon the lianu river when we turned back the Shanti heathen, and the officer man was sick and wounded." " I do not forget; there was also a Haussa sergeant who saved his officer's life. Speak on-it may be there is mercy," aaid the white man. The prisoner drew himself up, and looking round him proudly, replied : " I am a Mussulman and of a race of soldiera. I was once a sergeant in the service of the White Queen, and I do not speak for the ears of the naked heathen ; also, the story is long and sad." Aaharporder waa given ; theHauagaa removed both prisoners and pleaders, and at the stern bidding, « Speak now, and aeo that the words are true," Sergeant Sbaillu told his story " As the officer knows," he said, " I served the Government in the swamps, beyond the Volta, under the orders of the Lieutenant man Enright, besides the Gila river. For a while all went well, for the white man lay sick with fever, and I, Sergeant Shaillu, ruled the district in his stead. There are those who speak of presents of oil and ivory, but their words are false, and there was no favour shown. Then trouble again, for there was a woman dwelt across the Gila river, in tho land where the white men rule who speak another tongue (Frenoh settlements in Dahomey). She Was tall and straight, and her faco was light in colour liko the women of tho . north, and her eyes wore the oolour of the white men's, unlike tho women of the bushmen, who are ugly as the wood devilB." The Commissioner nodded; he knew the blood of the early Dutch settlers still flowed in the veins of many of the Fantis. "I would have bought her for my wife, for the Lieutenant man agreed, but her father, who is a worshipper of the 1 Ju-Ju' devils, and an accursed heathen, laughed me to scorn, and would have sold her to the headman of the village, but that the latter haggled over the oil to be paid." " So we met secretly by night beside the 'Ju-Ju' ford of the Gila river, where few but Fetieh priests dare to pass, and the girl trembled, for it was a very evil place. The swamp lay all round, tho dark forest rose from the WAter like a wall, and many a time as I lay among the trees-for it waa death to go by night among the Dahomey heathen-watching the fireflies which the bushmen gay arc lost souls, and listening to the song of the river, I heard the wood devils moaning in the forest, andf{the rash of the wiogs of Amaliaku breathing the pestilence upon i the palms." (This ia generally believed i by coast tribes.) "Twice a wandering buahman fired it me, taking mo for an evil ghoit, but (,ho potleg wont wide, and BO we met and alked nightly by the lonely ford. Afterwards, 1 might not pass the river tor fear oE the Dahomey people who lay ,n wait to rob the oil-earners as the canoes went by, and the girl crossed tho ?ord to the nearest side. " One night she came, and her voice \vas thick with sob3, for the hf adman would not pay tho price her fathor asked, and for fear of him and tho ' Ju-Ju' prioals the old man gavo ordera that aho should be sent away into the foreata of that land of darkness and blank magic, s,ho kingdom of Dahomey, and wo should meet no more. Then my hoart Bank wHbin mo, and I was mad with rago, while 1 considered tho matter whether I might carry her off even then, But tho thing might not be, for tho villagers would make complaint to the white men, and iheso demanding justice of the Lieutenant 8he must be given up. A man could reach the far-off Haussa land on the fiingo of the desert, but no woman might pasH through the country of tho dwarfs.-(thera are a dwarf people about 4 feet high dwelling somewhere north of Gold Ooasl)-and it waa death to vsnture into the hands of the Da homey chiefs, But I told her not of say sorrow, but ohoared her with pleasant words though my heart burned within me, and we walked benoath the palms until the morning mists lifted at the break of day. 11 Sho might come but once more," she aaid, and I awore by tho board of the Prophet that there should be a way of escape, or I would slay the headman with my own hand; and when she orossed the misty ford the bitterness of death was in my heart. " It came about that tho next night I lay beneath the rustling palms, watohing the fireflies glimmer, with the sound of the river filling my ears, but my blood was hot like the fire of the pit} there waa a mist before my eyes, and strange fancies flitted before mo, Tho wood devils Bighed aorosa the palms, for one may hear them in the forests of tho coast, but the magio of the heathen may not hurt the true believer, and I clutched the rifle-stock tho tighter and counted the ammunition in my belt-ten rounds -and everyone held a man's life. Iu each puff of hot wind the evil spirits mooked mo as a coward, for had I not sworn to carry tho girl off or slay tho headman and there was no way it might be done ? Also, the oath lay heavy on my soul, and I knew that I should see the girl no more, " So I lay as ono possessed of devils, thinking many evil things, and tearing at tho ground, while in the talking of tho river I heard the voice of Amalaku, tho water god of the hoathon, whisporing that I should slay hor and myself after. But the Sheika of tho desert, when they come pouth of the land of the Haussan, say that El Koran teaohos that whoso loses his soul for a woman shall bo oast into tho fire of the pit, so I shuddered and was afraid. " Slowly tho hours passed, and the girl came not until tho day broke and tho shadows fled before the coming day. Then there was a sound of sing ing, and a voice clear aa tho bells of Oriatensberg, where the Governor dwells, and sweet as the tinkle of streams in the northern sand, rose above tho palms. A voice which atirred my heart called * Shaillu, Shaillu,' and, rising to my feefc, I saw my love standing beside the ford. Then she aplaahed through the shallow where the stream ripples sharply over the sand, and presently oame towards me across tho misty ford, tho yellow waters rippling from ankle to knee, and knee to waist. "The o'ear song swelled aoross the river, and thero waa a smile upon her faoo, and brightness in her eyes, aa of ono bearing cheerful tidings. Some thing rustled in the bash, and I, a forest soldier, should have known the sound; but when a man's heart ia bound up in a woman ho heeds little, and I stood like ono Btrioken into sleep, with my eyes upon her lace. " Shaillu, Shaillu, she oried, ' these are tidings,' and my heart trembled with fear, for tho wizened ' Ju-Ju' man, the priest of the Fetioh idevils, stood beside the ford, though the girl saw him not, and he raised tho long flintlock gun of the heathen, being doubtless bribed by the headman to destroy mo. While I thrust a cartridge into tho chamber of the Snider my hands trembled and the breech-blook would not close, for I saw that the girl stood wondering between. Even aa my barrel went up, the gun flashed, and with a wild aoream she fell forward into the river, and the yellow water closed over tho fnae I loved. I dropped the rifle, and springing into the muddy water, caught the white dress as it floated down Btream, and bore hor dripping to the bank. " For a time sho lay in my arms, tho red blood welling from a wound in her breast, and then the heavy lids opened, and her oyes looked long into mine, 1 Shaillu/ she murmured once, and then hor head-fell forward, and the soul of my love went from her. " Laying the body down, I seized tho Suider, and with her life-blood still warm upon my hands, passed the ford and followed close upon the trail of the murderer. The 'Ju-Ju' man had a start, and ran well, for he knew that all the magio of the heathen could not save him from the fata that followed fast, and tho string of,charms rattled upon his shrivelled cheat ad ho went; Tho mon of the north run fast, and heedless of (dabbing 'horn or mattedorcopor, I burst through ihfl foroat, but a Snider ball flies factor still, and the Government cartridge bites hard. Yet he died not when ho foil, nor till I had heard onough to know that tho headman had bribed him to slay me; then the Snider butt crushed his skull, and I threw him to the alligators which lurk among the mangrove roots. "That night, while tho Lieutenant laughed and talked foolishly, for the hand of tho fever was upon him, I and four comrades orossed the silent ford, bearing the body of the dead girl with us. Creeping into the Dahomey village like ghosts, we smote upon the [door of the headman's hut with tho Snider butts, When he oame forth ho saw me, and would have fled, though he was tall and strong of limb, but 1 slew him with my naked hands, and when hia life went out beneath my tightening fingers we threw the unolean carcase back into the hut, and burned it with fire. " Then tho greater part of the Heathen fled, but the father of the girl, with her brothers and a band of armed men, stood fast, and we marched up tho avenue with the body on our shoulders and the Snidera ia our handi nntiUo stood before them. Then I spoko. «My love is dead. The LT ?t Blew her. Take the body and bury it alter the manner of her °*n .J00^' The 1 Ju-Ju' man ia slain, and the am gators even now tear him lmb from Umb, The headman ia dead alao, and is bttrnod with fire. Her blood is arenged, we go in peace,' , fu) ,. J » Then the old man wept, f«n lw , loved hia daughter, though ho would have sold her in marriage, and ho aava . «Thore was a qnarrel between ua, but that iB gone. Go in peace and force , " So we came baok through the night, and when the Lieutenant rose from lue sickness I told him the story even as it happened, hiding nothing, and he made no answer, for he alao *aa a soldier. Then the villagers mftdo oom plaint to the white officers of the Da Homey ooaafc, and theao clamouring for vengeance, Lieutenant Ennght sent:me hero a priaoner, This ia thewhole matter, and by the beard of the Prophot the thing ia true." .. Commissioner Howard gnawed his mouataohe f^r a time in silence, tben he raised his head, and the Hauaaa met his searching glance unmoved aB he saw << The word of the Whit® Queen ia that the shedder of blood must die, and and by the law of the Gold Ooaat you should hang; bat thore was provoca tion, and you served tho Government well, notably that day by the ICanu river. Still, the justice of the white men is the same to all, and I may not set you free. Listen ; It may be that the sentry on guard sleeps at hia post, and that the look of the bandonffa gives way. Saoh things have happened, and a strong man armed may traverse the forests of the hinterland. There are also maize, kola nuts, and tobaooo in the unbooked store. . "And now, Sergeant Shaulu, X shall see your face no more, therefore go in ^^The prisoner raised hia head and hia eyes were bright. "The Hauasa land ia a pleasant one," he said. " Beyond the fever swamps and the forests of the heathen there is a dry eoustry of rustling graes, where ia neither fever nor pestilence. There are many palms and muoh wealth of horse and cattle. The blue smoke of the fi<e bangs over the villages at sunset, and there is no stookade, for the Hauaaas are BoHiera' people, and neither the Araba of the north nor the heathen from the south dare eroas its boardera, Some day the white man will come, and the bearer of this, the token of Ararad Sliaillu, will find a we^ome thero. . An amulet of gold graven in mysfcio oharaeters, fell upoi tiro ^esk, and the Oommiasloner said quickly, " Go in peace s" then, raising hia voice, called in the guard, saying, " Take that man away and make him fast." Early next morning one oime rauning j breathless to say that Sbaillu bad broken; prison and was gone, and a rifle was also missing from the arm-rack. When, a few weeks later, Lieutenant Enright re ceived a letter from the Commissioner ending, "I reget to inform you that Shaillu, your priaoner, escaped-he was evidently a determined ruffian," he smote the table so that the glasses jingled, and there was satisfaction in his face. I 