Literary Chitchat. Poems by William Gay. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,-In the "Queenslander" of 16th January I protested against the use, in a poem entitled "Primrose" (that you pronounced "as flawless and pure as >tUe flower" to which it relates), of the attribute " shining," in depicting this favourite • of the denizens of another olluie. " Cooinera," on the other hand; in your lust issue, seeks to defend Its employment by our •*' true and noble poet" (vide " Queenslander," 2nd Janu ary) on the following grounds :—(1) the word " sliiulng," he writes, has more than its primary moaning, and (2) " Bernard Barton, in liis well-known address to the ' Evening Primrose,' in deed, uses the very word your critic condemns." To this is may be objected that the employment of the epMiet " shining," in describing one tiower, does not uecessarily sanction its use in por traying another, the Evening Prim rose (Oenothern) of Barton having little in common with the primrose (Primula) of W. Gay, save a name, ill-advisiKlly bestowed upon it—in comparatively re ceut times—by the colonists of the Ne.v World. And. again, whatever second ary meaning may be associated with the word-in question, it is the primary meaning with which Gay is concerned ; ami he is careful to Inform his readers that this is the case. It is the "shin- Ing" of " the stars in heaven" of "mimic constellations." " Long as there's a*sun that sets Piimrqses will have their giory." For long, too, will W. Gay's song com memorative of them be remembered, and even .so by those who, whilst admir ing the noble conceit that it gives utter* ance to, cannot but regret that the exi gencies of metrical expression have Jed him to write incorrectly concerning » flower thus alluded to. Wordswortu, the author of the above lines, in treat ing of " Poetic Diction," has stated as follows :—" In works of imagination and sentiment, in proposition as ideas aud feelings are valuable, whether the comi>osition be in prose or verse, tb«y require and exact one and the same lan guage. Metre is adventitious to com position, and the phraseology for whk'h this passport is necessary, even whore It 1m graceful at all, will be little valued l»y the judicious." Thte, also, he tells us, is "a principle that ought never to be lost sight of."—l am, sir, &c;, T. ■ "Talble Talk" says that Mr. Ernest tjfoiveuc, one of the 'bust known of Aus >trulian writers, is lying dangerously ill 'in Sydney. (Mr. George Firth Scott, formerly of the Sydney " Daily Telegrapih," in mak ing Iris way in London as a story , writer. "A little library," says R. Ward Beecher. "grooving larger every year, is an lionouruible part of a inan'u his tory. It is a man's duty to have 'booka. A library As not a luxury, Ibut oue of the necessities of life." IMr. Barrie, in a short preface to hi 3 new English and American edition of " Auld Licht Hdylls," says :—" 'Fay long I had an uneasy feeling that no one, save the editor, read my contributions, for I was leading a lonely life in Lon don, and not another editor could I find in the land willing to print the Scottish dialect. The magazines, Scottish and English, would have no thing to say to inc. I think I tried them all with 'The Courting of T'now head's Bell,', (but it never found shelter until it got within book- covera." Since 1871 Mr. Ruskin has received In royalties between £4000 and f2500 a year. : IMr. (Marion Crawford dbtains, it is said, albout £800 for .the English serial rights of each novel he "brings out, and £000 for tflie American ones. Mr. Selous received, it is said, £1000 down for his work on the Rhodesian Rebellion, recently issued, with the pro mise of more if the book is a success. A reader of Mr. Jerome K. Jeroine'3 "Three Men In a Boat" has discovered that the boob contains a passage which, though printed as prose, scans after the fashion of Longfellow's "Hiawatha":— But the river, chill and weary, . With the ceaseless raindrops falling On its brown and sluggish water, With a sound as of a woman -Weeping low in some dark chamber- While the woods all dark and silent Bhrouded In their mists of vapour Stand like ghosts upon the margin— Silent ghosts with eyes reproachful (Like the ghosts of evil action — Like the ghosts of friends neglected)— Is a spirit haunted water, Through the lands of vain regrets. Mr. Jerome, when written to, assumed that at the time of writing the passage It was Iris intention to obtain the result pointed out, " although When one is in the vein one unconsciously drops, Silas IWegglfke, Into metre." "Alroy," one of the least read of Disraeli's novels, la poetic prose almost from 'beginning to end. (Mr. Robert <Barr (says "Book- Bite") Is a 'Scotsman iby 'birth. When he was About 4 years old he went with his parents to Canada, ami there learned carpentcriug. Journalism, however, had greater Attractions for hi in, and after various experiences he feturued to England for the purpose of estab lishing a London, edition of the " De trolt .Free Press," a paper" which he still edits. Hip unmc. has appeared pu the title'-iMVge of •many novels, and.for a time he was joint-editor, with 'Mr. Jerome, of the "Idler." Mr. Btm* is not fond of , the pen. He tell 3 hla .stories, to. a .phonograph, and, . after office hours, when- the -place is deserted, there euters a 'young..lady- who eets the weird machine talking, and /by meanti of a typewriter ilxes its utterances. Messrs. A. and C, Black will puibltoh immediately "A Dictionary of Birds," which lias Iheen compiled by Mr. Alex ander Newton from contributions by lending authoi"-ties. IMr. T. Fisher Ifuwiin is albout to pilb llsh Ouida's new novel, "Le Selve." This name is supposed to !be given to " vast tracts of forest and pasture land lying along and 'beyond the 'Mons Cim minius, lietweeu the lakes of Braeciano and of Vlco." ■Mr. Grant Allen is said to lie one of the most interesting conversationalists of the day. He knows soinctliing afbout every thing, from pictures to. pumpkins, though he has a rather startling way sometimes of closing an interview. The other day a friend of his travelled up with him to town from one of the seaports, and for*a time wan kept entertaiued iby the moat interest ing and instructive talk. Suddenly, however, Mr. Grant Allen exclaimed, "I am going to lecture to-ntght at such and such a place ; I mustn't talk any more." lAnd during the remainder of the journey he absolutely refused to say another word. -Novelists sometimes pick up the naine3 of their characters in a curious way. When Mr. Hall Caiue went to America not very long ago the plot of his new work, "The Christian." -which will (be commenced in the "Queens lander" shortly, had been arranged, but he was still without nonnes for his hero and heroine. While staying with his publisher, Mr. Appleton, in the coun try, he entered one day a little roadside churchyard in 'Massachusetts to see if he could find a name. Ou a headstone he saw the name " Storm," aud he there and then decided that he would call his hero "Joihn Storm." The Christian name of his heroine he selected later, and in a somewhat similar way. He was an xious to have a Puritan name, and strolled into the graveyard at Ply mouth, (Massachusetts, and read on the tomibstones the inscriptions relating to the early settlers. Just after he had left the cemetery he saAV the word " Glory" printed on a stone.wall. The surname he had already fixed on was "Quayle, and it struck him that "Glory" woirid go with it admirably. So " Glory Quayle"' was adopted. Mrs. Hodgson Burnett can work as well In company as in seclusion. Con versation distracts her little ; indeed, she sometimes joins in the conversa tion, chatting for a moment or two, and then resumlug her literary work. A writer in "The Author" tellß of a meeting he lately had with <Bjorn3tein BJorndon in Norway. He found the writer more enthusiastic than ever. "He is a wonderful old man, who will do in the future even greater things than he has already done." " A Berwickshire Bard : The Songs and Poems of Robert IM'Lean Calder," will Ibe published soon toy Messrs. Par lane, Pal3ley. The volume will be edited by the Rev. W. S. Crockett, minister of Tweedsmuir. Messrs. Gall and llngtis are (bringing out "The Observer's Atlas of the Heavens," by Mr. W. Peck, F.R.A.S., astronomer to the city of Edinburgh. The work has been the lalbour of some yeans, wnd has !been compiled from the latest sources of information available. It contains a map of the moon, and nearly forty charts of stars. Mr. Murray will commence the pub lication of his new edition of the poeti cal and prose works of Lord Byron early this New Year. The possession of almost all the original manuscripts and proof sheets, which are now under going a most careful and minute colla tion, will enable Mr. Murray to lay before the public for the first time an authentic and genuine text of Byron's works. Several new poems and frag ments 'will appear In this edition, as well as the letters and materials col lected iby the late Mr. "Murray during upwards of fifty years, besides docu ments and correspondence in the pos session of the Earl of Lovelace, Lord Byron's grandson, who is editing this reissue. Edna Lyall bos written a pathetic little tale, "How the Children Raised the Wind." <Dr. (Donaldson Smith's narrative of his exploration in the territory (between BomaHland and Lake Rudolph, which had to ibe deferred in consequence of some delay in completing the scientific dbservatioms on the results of the ex pedition by Dr. Gregory, Dr. Gunßher, Dr. Karl Jordan, and Mr. 'Pococfe, which will be Incorporated iv the work, will be pUblluhed soon. Dr. Donaldson Smith's was the ttrst expedition through these parta, aud hid lmircli of four thousand miles wn;j achieved in the face of constant. dangers, (but resulted in most valun'ble geographical and aolentitlc discoveries. Mr. George Meredith ha 3 only two 'dhildreu (say 3 the "Magnet"). His sou, Mr. William M. Meredith, is a partner in Messrs. Archibald Constaible and Co., publishers, who quaintly date their boots • from ; Westminster. His daughter 'Marie married Mr. •H. P. Stungis, whose ibrother -wrote a very clever novel in letter-form two or three years ago, called "All That Was Po« -sM>le." The " Literary World" thinks that " the severe Puritan who turns «ditor—if ever «uch a circumstance could occur outside the pages of Jules Verne —is sometimes sore put to It to find expressions appropriate and strong enough to voice his inmost thought at eight of the tortuous oallgraphy of some contributors. An incident con firms what one had long suspected—that writers for the Press are of all persons the moat famous or infamous for illegible hand' writing. Quite lately a writer—motor cars shall not drag hU name from us—being a bachelor, made out his weekly washing list, after the manner of celibate young men in apartments, in his own writing. By mischance it somehow fell into the hands of a neighbouring chemist. The prescription was duly dispensed !" When Dr. Watson first began to write under the pen name of lan Maclaren he took every precaution to prevent his identity from being known, and, in fact, only his publisher knew who lan Maclaren was. But Professor George Adam Smith, Watson's friend and classmate, at once decided from the style that Dr. Watson was the author, and sent him a telegram of congratulation. 