I — L~' ' ^BfiBCVa^C IP1BK8. j f 4fM Flower Queen ' is coming. What pnee the 2nd eleven team ? Tba «riuy is seid to be going bang. What price those queen-cakes Charlie? Now . . ' we must part ? Ah, well, hurrah. It wiia simply -sgony to see him ending. Si- F^r closes to-night. Look out tor bargains. Why. did Charlie have the Queen's veil off on Sunday night? Wanted. — ft tip-top truhdler to help win matches. Apply P.M.C.C. This has been a thirsty week, and 11 ambers have taken advantage of it. Yachting Reason opened with great eclat.' Our boats made a good show. Congratulations to Mr. and Mrs. Arm strong, sen., on their golden wedding. . What did ' Dickea? ' have to do with Charlie's journey one night last week: I don't eat much, you know. (Oh 1) : fiat X do want my little drop of stuff. | 'Monday next 'Left Alone' will be I performed at Salvation Army barracks. ';s|-JSee i»dvt. ' Harry's ghost will appear the nest fft tima those young ladies go to a spirit ^StoliB^^eeting. ? 'V f ' ; ? Sand ' pf Hope -- ?great' -success. Good progtamtnes. 60 jnam J fliers in lihicee nights. ' Great Indignation meeting held on Wednesday night re the vaccinators hip coins oat of the Port. The Legislative Assembly has decided by a majority of 31 to restore their own salajta^to .£309 per annum. - a good thing for that young lady, and the young swell too, that she denied being engaged to him. Another old resident, L W. Brinton, gone to his long home. The old land' marks are being removed fast. Short sentences have been proved to be almost useless in the case of inveterate drunkards. Specially women. Bart's mo nearly fell off with fright when it heard 'Beer, glorious beer,' sung at a band-of-hope meeting. Mr. Armstrong, sen., said there was about 75 years difference between him aelf and his youngest grandchild. Next meeting Farrell-atreet Bind of Hope on Thursday night. Another score of joining members elpected. Bonnie Princo Charlie ' and a real ocotch necht at the Presbyterian School hall, on the 1st pros. Come a' the gither. , A large number of friends assembled to do honor to Mr. and Mrs. Armstrong sen., at their Golden Weddin» 'At Home. ° The presiding justices on the bench this week have been the Mayor (Cr. A. Francis ^ Messrs- Armstrong and Last Sunday was somewhat too pleasant to spend indoors, nevertheless a good number spent a very pleasaut after noon in the Town Hall. Senior- constable Nugent says there are only two hotels that he knows of that would not open to a 'friendly knocR ' . on bun days. Which are they ? ^^harlea H has gained wisdom by \- rSffl&j30-;' k®' **e had taken the and another crossing, he woulafiot have landed in the mad' that day. Nearly all the hotels .have a private sisnal.' Senior-constable JjuB80* 'ays he only knows some of \- / Mem, bat he would like to find out the Cricketers don't forget the grand dis play of the marvellous cinematographe. Town Hall, Dec. 3rd. Is. and 6d. Fine ' Pjj^amme of music and limelight in addition. It has come to our knowledge that a certain young lady waited up to see the stars Ml, but as they would'nt fall to please her sbe went to bed in her clothes. Wonder who it was ? '^^y.did yon eat that little pie your inother made for you yesterday?' «« t»?j Ji**' . ^aIf 10 my teacher.' Did she eat it ? ? 'I expect so, she wosn t at school to- day.*' „^,e i irffu* Points out that Great Jtefam is now engaged in India in the snast extensive military operations under ^k«a by her since the Indian mutiny. Sir William Lockhart being at the head of an army of 60,000 men. Mrs. Isaacs: 'Vake np Isaacs! A bwglar le trymgto get in!' Isaacs: : V8Ll4 toll he opens the vindow, nndtdenl shoot.' Mrs Isaacs: 'Yy don t you shoot now?' Isaacs: 'Vat undt break a bane of glsss?' Mr. McGregor said at the court on Thursday morning that he had got information which went to show somebody had drawn his client's money P°™ ™® shipping master's office while ae had been in gaol on remand. Fanny that snch a thing could be perpetratedon a presumably innocent man. An investi gation ought to be made. tbe distant and the dim we sxe fditi to greet j life's best things are nearest as, jue close about our feet.' 