NEWS OF THE DAY. First Night in the Condemned Cell. —William Myles Phillips, who was sen tenced to death last week, at Melbourne, for the murder of William Thomas Brady, was immediately after the sentence re moved to the condemned cell in the Mel bourne gaol. Although in an apparently fainting condition, when he was removed from the dock he regained his usual com posure on the way to the gaol, and on be ing visited by the governor of the gaol later in the evening and asked how he was, he replied in a cheery voice, " Oh very well, thank you." He retired to rest early, and slept very soundly throughout the night. The next morning be rose early and partook of prison fare, just as if it was a good meal iu one of the leading cafes of the city. After breakfast he exercised in one of the yards alone. Glen Innes Hospital Ball.—We no tice the following local names at the above ball held at Glen Innes last week: Mrs. Scholes, black broche, bugle trimmings; Mrs. Godby, navy satin, sequin trimmings ; Miss Oliver, grey silk and pink chiffon ; Miss Maud Trim, cream silk, chiffon, and gold sequin trimmings; Miss Vida Trim, black silk and jet trimmings; Mrs. Finley, black satin and black lace; Miss B. Finley, white silk and pearls. WALCHA.—On Wednesday morning a thick haze was observed, almost sufficient to obscure the sun at times. It looked like a dry fog, and later on proved to be dense dust which crept everywhere.—Whilst out hunting hares at Merlin, Frank Ross had the misfortune to lose a valuable dog by a snake bite. It appears that the dog scratched the reptile out of a hole when the snake bit him. The dog died in a few minutes.—Travelling Stock: 7000 sheep passed through to Waterloo a few days ago. A mob also went to Branga Park from Uralla way.—Mr. Hepworth's valu- able mare came to grief while running in the Parsonage paddock a few nights ago. The animal by some means became en- tangled in a barbed wire fence and gave its neck a nasty dangerous gash.—Wild ducks are not over plentiful at St. Leo- nard's Creek this season; nevertheless a few nights ago one flew straight into the kitchen at Mr. Brazel's, flopped down on the lamp, and caused a great sensation for the time being. The bird was captured.— Local paper. ] Two Deaths in one Week Through ' Bicycles.—A young man named William \ M'Farlane met his death in a very simple I manner on Friday morning while on his j way to work. He was riding a bicycle, | and had safely negotiated what is known ' as Jolimont Hill, between Richmond and | Melbourne, and was proceeding to climb ) the hill on the other side. In passing be j tween two carts going in the direction of I the city, a dog rushed out in front of M'Farlane's machine, and, before he could ■ avoid the obstacle, he was thrown on his bead on the road. Some other cyclists who were riding behind M'Farlane dis mounted and conveyed him to the hospital, i but on arrival there it was found that life was extinct. This is the second death from cycling accidents in Victoria this week. The other victim, Miss Sheedy, of Stawell, died on Wednesday from injuries sustained ty a fall from her bicycle, which became unmanageable when descending an incline. . The Combined Show.—A meeting of delegates appointed by the Armidale and Glen Innes F. and A. Associations was held at Glen Innes last Thursday evening to consider the question of continuing the amalgamation arrangement between the two societies. The following were present. Armidale—Messrs. F. I. White, F. Braund, W. C. Higinbotham, R. Roberts, J. A. Chisholm, and W. Pleffer; Glen Innes— : Messrs. Utz, Bloxsome, Black, Hodges, Healy, and Holmes. Mr. Utz was voted to the chair. After considerable discussion had taken place on the question of amalga mation the following motion, proposed by Hodges, and seconded by Mr. Braund, was carried by six votes to five—" That the amalgamation be continued under the existing agreement, with the addition that a committee consisting of seven members from each association meet, and draw up the schedule for the show." The chairman did not vote, and the following opposed the motion: Messrs. Chisholm, Higin botham, Pleffer, Roberts, and Holmes. The members of the Glen Innes Associa tion several weeks ago carried a resolution in favour of continuing the combined shows, the Armidale Association, however, elected delegates to confer with the Glen Innes delegates, and the result of last Thursday's conference will have to be sub mitted to the members of the Armidale As sociation for confirmation before it can he acted upon. " How Can they Vote Intelli gently ?"—Generally speaking, the young men in Sydney are not eonepicaous for a desire to improve themselves either intel lectually or morally, writes a Sydney cor respondent. If one makes inquiries at the libraries one finds that very few really strong books, say works on history, philo sophy, or political economy are taken oat by yoang men. Seldom does the traveller on the trams or the trains see a young man with a daily newspaper in his band. The only papers they seem to read are those de voted to sporting. Of course no sensible middle-aged man expects the average young fellow to be a book worm, but one would like to see this class reading something of more importance than the news abont athletics, horse racing, etc. How can they vote intelligently if they do not study poli tical questions ? It is sometimes asserted of the working men that they are ignorant, but really with regard to questions affect ing the welfare of the country, I do not be lieve they are so ignorant as hundreds of the young men who have been educated in oar Grammar schools. Art Union.—We are requested to draw attention to the forty-first great art union of the eight hours committee, particulars of which appear in our advertising columns. The first prize is J21000, or 12 months' trip round the world (first class), all expenses paid and .£600 in cash for incidentals. The second is .£200, and there are 124 other valuable prizes. This is stated to be the oldest art union conducted iu Aus tralia. The entire proceeds this time will be given to the charities. Last year the second, fifth, and twenty other prizes were won in this colony. As the prizes are very valuable and the object a good one, the tickets should find a ready sale. The price of them is only one shilling each, and they should he obtained from local agents or from the representative, Mr. Theo. W. Heide, 334 George-street, Sydney.- The last day for the sale of them is positively Saturday, the 17th April. Remarkable Death of a Boy.—About three weeks ago a boy named Norman Waring, 11 years of age, living at Hamil ton, Victoria, when playing with some com panions, had half a horse bean in his mouth, and, unfortunately, swallowed the. bean, which went down his windpipe and settled on bis longs. He conghed violently, bnt after taking a drink thought no more of the circumstance, and went for a ride on the merry-go-round. Next day he felt unwell, and Dr. Bobinson was called in, and soon arrived at the conclusion that the bean was on the lungs. Hemorrhage set in, and he died at midday last Saturday. Subsequently a post mortem was held. The bean itself was not found, having dis- . integrated, bnt the cavity in which it had lodged was plainly seen. A Judge on Wives.—During the hear ing of the Cross versus Cross divorce suit, at Sydney, on Thursday, petitioner denied that all the troubles had arisen because she persisted in going to spiritualistic meetings. His Honor said he was not at all satisfied with the case, but even if he did give petitioner a decree he would con sider seriously in the face of what had transpired whether he would give hdp the custody of the children. Women must be made to understand that they owed a cer tain amount of submission to their hus bands, and if they defied them and conse quently brought on rows and trouble they could not go into court and obtain judicial separation. He reserved his judgment. Hillgrove Crushings. — The Baker's Creek G.M. Co. cleaned up yesterday for 461 ozs. 2dwts, bar gold from 552 tons stone —436 from Smith's Beef and 116 from'Big Beef. The battery crashed full time and power.—Bleanora G. and A. Mining Co. The battery making fall time for the fort night crashed 531 tons for a yield of 194} ozs. smelted gold and an additional 154ozs. contained in the concentrates saved during the same period, making a total return of . 348ozs. 5dwt8.—West Sunlight Beef Co.: The battery has brushed daring ten days this fortnight, putting through 330 tons for a yield of lOlozs. 13dwts. smelted gold and approximately 46ozs. contained in 8 tons concentrates saved.—Sunlight G.M. Co.: The battery is making full time, the whole of tbe machinery being in good order. Crushed 569 tons during the fortnight for a yield of 278ozs. ldwt. smelted gold, and 12ozs. approximately from 3 tons concen trates.—Pinto and party, tributing on Baker's Creek Co.'s surface ground, crashed a ton of specimens at tbe North battery for 9ozs. ldwt. smelted gold.' — Saturday's Gjjaedian. *" Tea YELLING WITH YOtTB COFFIN." Among the thousand or more pieces o£ baggage which Li Hung Chang took with him in his travels the one that excited the greatest curiosity was, without doubt, his coffin. The Viceroy's age exceeds the Biblical limit of three-score years and ten. At a family council held before his setting out from home the chances of a man of hiB age surviving the fatigue of a long ocean voyage were discussed, and decided to-be very small. Accordingly preparations were made for the worst, and a coffin was added to his baggage. But the old man proved that he was made of tougher stuff than was generally supposed. When he reached England he felt that he had strength and vitality enongh to carry him through the remainder of his journey, and gave orders that the constant reminder of his approaching death be shipped back to China. The coffin got as far as the Suez Canal. There a fire broke out iu the steamer, and Li Hung Chang's coffin added fuel to the flames. There is no doubt that the Viceroy looks upon this loss as a good omen. If he be notabove super stition, he will interpret it to mean that he has not yet come near the end of his earthly career, inasmuch as the boards that are to be heldcmfwyphrdln boards that are to hold his mortal remains have still to be fashioned. Fire at Hillgrove.—The first alann of fire that we have had in Hillgrove for many a' day was heard shortly before 8 p.m. on Tuesday last says, Saturday's Guardian. The site of the fire was soon located by the clouds of smoke driving across the main street from behind Wade's hotel, where a detached and almost isolated one-roomed place belonging to Hany M'Namara was all in flames. 'The cottage was speedily burned to the ground, a strong westerly breeze blowing at the time. Careless IJse of Fire.—The Armidale police ate Issuing notices to persons in this district under the " Act for preventing the careless use of fire," pointing out the dan gers of lighting fires in the open during the prevailing dry weather, and the penalty in curred by those doing so to the loss or men ace of surrounding properties. Owing to the prevalence of high winds, it is neces sary for persons to use extreme caution in burning off grass or rubbish, as the fires spread with marvellous rapidity through the long dry grass. Recently during the bnniing-off of the grass within the railway fences near Armidale, the fire spread to the adjoining paddocks, and before it was checked considerable damage was done to /the feed. Girls' Friendly Society.—On Thurs day evening last, in St. Peter's Cathedral, Bishop Green preached an eloquent sermon to the members, associates, and friends of the Girls' Friendly Society on behalf of that society. After correcting certain er roneous views that some hold in respect to the society, he told his hearers that though Amusement was well enough in its place that was not by any means the main object -of the society, the main object being to help girls to. get to Heaven. He pointed out how girls could do good, and that was by their lives, when good, would have upon those they came into contact with. He epoke strongly against those who were in clined to throw cold water upon such so cieties, and asked such persons to consider if such a course of conduct was not ap proaching the sin against the Holy Ghost, a resisting of the Holy Spirit. He in formed his hearers that the number of the society in England was 150,000, and that the Queen gave her heartiest approval to the work. The Bishop likewise ga^^great praise to those who had so pers^epjy car ried on the work in Armidale. fC Presentation at Metz.—On Friday evening, 12th inst., a very enjoyable hour was spent at O'Neil's hotel (says Satur days Guardian), where the friends and fellow employees of Mr. C. M. Harris as sembled to wish him good-bye and mark their appreciation of his sojonrn amongst them by presenting him with a magnifi cent set of mathematical instruments. Mr. Martyn (general manager of the West Sun light Beef Co.) occupied the chair, and in proposing the toast of their guest, spoke in very high terms of his energy and perse verence, which he felt sure would serve him in the future. Mr. A. Nettle and Mr. F. Starr expressed their regret at losing Mr. Harris, and spoke at length of his many good qualities. The chairman then expressed his great pleasure in making the presentation, which he said was a me mento of the sincere feeling of his fellow employees, and he wished Mr. Harris every success and prosperity in the promotion he* had attained. Mr. Harris thanked his many friends for their kind expression to wards him, and the valuable and most suitable presentation they had selected for a memento of their esteem for him, and in conclusion proposed " Success to Metz." After this success to the West Sunlight Beef Co., conpled with the name of the manager (Mr. Martyn), was drunk, and responded to, when all present adjourned to O'Neil's Hall, where they were joined by A number of ladies, and passed a few plea sant hours dancing and singing. Mr. Harris goes west to Kalgoorlie, where he is appoihted mine manager to the Lake View West Mine. Inverell. — The following land was taken up at the local office on Thursday: William Fenson, o.c.p., 40a., p. Wean, c. Arrawatta.—On Thursday, a young manl named J. Twoomey was riding a horse in\ the vicinity of the Black Gully, bridge, j when the animal fell with him, breaking his ! left leg.—The miners in this district ard sadly in want of rain.—We regret very much to have to elironicle the death of Mr. Thomas Parkinson, which took place at his late residence. Boss Hill, on Thurs day morning last, from consumption. De ceased, who had occupied the position of letter-carrier at the local post office for a number of years, was greatly respected by all who knew him.—The horse Private H. Munsie was taking home to England, died daring the voyage from Adelaide to Albniy. This is hard luck indeed for the owner, as the horse was a beautiful animal, and a fine jumper.—A small brown snake was killed in front of Mr. Millington's chemist / shop on Thursday morning. —Tiaras. Public Schools' Sports.—The inaugural sports meeting under the auspices of the Armidale Public Schools' Athletic Associa tion -will take place on the Armidale Show ground on Friday, April 9, for which both teachers and scholars are making great preparations. The juveniles are looking forward with much enthusiasm to the forthcoming gathering, and as the teachers have to provide refreshments for the little ones under their charge, donations in money nnd kind are earnestly solicited from parents and friends towards the ob ject. We learn that some of the outside districts have subscribed liberally towards the children's treat. At the Sydney Sessions, on Friday, a man named Sydney James M'Intosh, charged with abdncting his own daughter, -was acquitted. A girl, aged eight, named Alice Warbv, was fatally injured in College-street on Thursday night through being knocked down by a runaway horse attached to a trap. The animal took fright and bolted. The vehicle was smashed and the occupant thrown out. The horse thus freed from control continued along College - street. Deceased, in company with a younger sister, was returning from school at St. Mary's, and was about to cross the road, •when she was knocked down and trampled upon. She was picked up by Mr. Brierley, .-a resident of Pyrmont, who conveyed her to the Sydney Hospital, where she died some hours afterwards. Deceased was an orphan. La An exchange says the entire assets of a \recent Melbourne bankrupt were nine chil dren. "Hir creditors behaved magnani mously and let him keep them; The infant son of Mr. Alex. Saunders, licensee of the Steam Packet Hotel at Ho bart, was drowned in the Derwent on Fri day. 