. CHILD MARRIAGE INIQUITY IN INDIA. CRYING FOE MOTHEE. .-.». (From ? the 'Quiv&r;' ' A missionary of the Church of England Zenana Society heard screams issuing from a house in Krishnager. She asked a man ; standing at the door what was the matter. It was only a little' 'bow' lately arrived iu the zenana. She Rsked permission to enter, and was . led into the women's apar.tmeuts. In ? the dim light she could just discern ? Si small heap iu tho .corner, and plaintive moans told her it was Bomething living. She drew near and spoke, and a woe -begone face . appeared, to be instantly hidden in terror at the sight of a faircorn plexioned Englishwoman. By degrees tho sound of a gentle 1 voice speaking her own language and the :- sight _ of a scrap book, inspired curiosity and confi dence. Tho heap became more and more animated as one picture after another was turned over be ' fore her eyes. ' What made you Bcream P' tho lady asked. ' They beat me,' the child replied, and she drew up ' her sari and disclosed ' wales which showed that she had . had ample excuse. ' Why did \- they beat you P' ' Because I cried for my mother.' And tho face .. puckered afresh with tho recollec \- tion of lost love and care. And now ' that the now friend, whoso tender ,. ness had dried her tears must leave , her, what should sho do? Before , going away tho Englishwoman pleaded with hor mother-in-law not to punish tho young wifo again for ' tho same offence. ' It is ? so natu ral that a child should cry for her t mother,' sho urged. A smilo was tho . only responso. This was the young ; bride's honeymoon, and was not an uncommon beginning of wedded life. The authoress, ' A.L.O.E.'— A missionary of the same society in, tho Punjaub— met with a little pupil the other day after hor arrival in hor husbaud's zenana. The child crept into her white-haired, teacher's arms, hor tearful face and heaving frame mutely appealing for sympathy and help. The gentle old lady held her in a loving embrace ; but stronger arms were needed to proteot a young 'bow' from op pressive custom. It is hard to find a bright side to the picture of zenana life. The weary monotony is .seldom broken, Even domestic duties are beneath tho dignity of a very high- caste wifo, She smokes, sho sleeps, she chews, she plaits her hair, she counts her jewels j at last she dies, without hope or comfort. '? I shall spend all my life iu thia narrow room,' said one wife, bitterly ; ' then I shall die, and they will put me in a narrow grave, and that will be the end . of me.' Another, who had begun to realise that there was a fair world outsido the four walls of her prison, which she could enjoy if she only were allowed, looked with liquid eyes into the face of an English lady visitor and inquired, ' Why are we so different from you ? You are like tho ,bird,' she continued, pointing to a dove which flow past the window above her, .' You are like that bird flying toward heaven, We are like the same bird, shut up in a cage, with its wings clipped,' Seven years ago a little girl of nine years old was seeu on the parapet of a house, in Bombay. A policeman, noticing that sho seemed inclined to throw herself down iuto the street, entered and found the reason why her life had become too heavy a burden to bear. Hor husband, a. man of 47, who had been already married four teen times, had bought her from her father for fourteen rupees a month. Ho had beaten her, aud had threatened to kill her if sho failed to untie a knot in his hair within five clays. The case was tried, but as there was not euffi. cient evidence to prove habitua* cruelty, was eventually dismissed1 It was reported in tho pressi with an indignant protest against the 'Child-Marriage Ini quity.' Imagination fills in tho dark outlines of this picture with still darker shading, and traces iu tho background the ghosts of 14 miserablo victims. It is easy to think of the young wife, her soft, little fingers, trembling and clumsy from fright, as she tries, on pain of death, to fulfil tho task her lord and protector has set her. Perhaps tho story of Bluebeard is as easy to credit,- . . 