Concert aet. iallal West. On Friday evening last the " Kialla Moonlighlt Minstrels" gave a performance in aid of the Mooroopna Hospital in the local hall, which was crowded to excess. The following programme was submitted : Overture, Orchestra; opening chorus, Com pany Song ; song, "Good-bye my boy," Mr. H. Gourlay; song, "Mulcahy,Esq," Mr. A. Slater; song,"Bonnie Child," Mr. Hutchinu son; song, "Rosy M\lay," Mr. Wilkinson (bones) ; song, "Some day I'll wander," Mr J. MeNab; song, "Always take Mother' Advice," Mr. T. Alexandra ; song, "Shco Fly," Mr. R. Jones (tambo) ; song, "Molli Darling," 1Mr. T. Horn ; song, "Old Bl31ack Joe." %tr. J. Forgunaoll. Mfliss ýV1i.7o?ou pianiste, earned for herself a name as an adept at the work. The first part concluded with a farce, "A Ghost Scene," which shire president, presided in a happy man ner. Clog dance, Mr. A. Howell; song, "Love's Serenade," Miss Knight; song,. "Bashful Men," Mr. McKenzie; nong,"Last Night," Miss Gourlay; song, "the night Maloney landed in New York," Mr. Shaw (encore) ; recitation, "The man from Snowy River," DMr. Mason ; Irish jig, "Mr. A.. Howell; comic duet, in character "Round the town," Messre. Reid and Petherbridge: (encored) ; song, "Night Birds cooing," Mr H. Gourlay; song, "The Midshipmite," Mr Hutchinson: duet, " Larboard Watch," Messrs. Goerlay and Hutchinson; sailor's hornpipe, Mr. A. Howell. At the con clusion of the concert Mr. J. B. Field pro posed a vote of thanks, on behalf of the Hospital, to the committee for their efforts to assist the institution financially. Mr. F. Wilkinson suitably acknowledged the vote. Mr. T. Gourlay, in a few well-chosen and complimentary remarks, moved a vote of tlhanks to the chairman, who suitably acknowledged the compliment, expressing his willingness to assist at all times in any matter for the advancement of the district. A BALL Was held after the concert, attended by about sixty couples. Mr. V. Sayers made a most efficient Master of Ceremonies, while the music provided by McKenzie's Band was all that could be desired. The commit tee were greatly commended for the plenti ful supply of good refreshments provided, to which ample justice was done. Dancing was kept going until sunrise thie following morning. 