VALUABLE ' LIFE. By ADELINE SERGEANT, \ Author of "A Rogue's Daughter," "A Dife Sentence," "Sir Anthony's Secret," "Marjory's Mistake," "Dr. Endicotts Experiment," " Jacobi's Wife," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XL—(Continued,). | 16 must be confessed tiiac mrs. jjibuuiu^ felt herself a very shabby figure beside her exquisitely - dressed daughters when they entered the ballroom. Chloe bad done her best to renovate her mother's black satin, and to mend the old lace with which it was trimmed; and Mrs. Fleming was too graceful not too look well; but for once her girls' un usual brilliance made her nervous and shy. Miss Kettlewell's idea had been magnificent. No girls that night were more beautifully dressed than the country doctor's daughters; and even Frances's stately beauty was scarcely more admired than Chloe's graceful fairness and Milly's kittenish charm. Certainly many of the guests made no secret of their admiration; and it was very.obvious that wherever Chloe went young Mr. Derrick might be found in close attendance, and that Miilicent seemed, in some mysterious manner, to be always in company with Lord Heron, except when he was dancing "duty dances" with partners chosen by his mother. "1 think, dear, you have danced enough with Lord Heron," Mrs. Fleming murmured into Milly's ear before the evening was over, and Lady Hernesdale said something sharp to her husband concerning their son's partiality for that chit of a doctor's daughter who was so extraordinarily over-dressed. "Over-dressed, is she?' said Lord Hernes dale, who was a good-natured man with an eyeglass. " Now she looks to me remarkably simple and good form—all white and no frip peries, you know." "You-men have no ideas what those dresses would cost, " said his wife. "I daresay old Miss Kettle well provided them," said the earl hitting the truth at once, as in spite of his easy looks he generally did. And depend on it that means she is going to leave them her money. Xn that case, my dear, Heron would not do badly." . "Nonsense! Old Miss Kefctlewellis more likely to endow a hospital for cats," said Lady Hernesdale arid perhaps she was right. ~ . Pretty little Milly, rath her flushed smiling face and sparkling eyes, did not know the excitement that she was creating in the breasts . of various parents. Hitherto nobody had taken much notice of herself and her sister at the very few entertainments at which they had been present. Now they were the observed of all observers. Was it because of their dress 2 or was it because of the rumor which was fly ing about the room that Miss Kettlewell had declared them her heiresses 1 All that Milly cared about was the knowledge that her old playfellow had not forgotten her, .that he had danced with her as often as he could, that he had said some strange delightful. things that she could never forget, rind that she wished the | evening would last for ever! Charlie was "nicer than ever," she said to herself; he did not tease her now and he said that he had often thought of her while he was at Oxford. Life under these, conditions was perfectly beautiful to Milly. . Chloe's sense of enjoyment was more troubled than her sister's. She had many partners, but she distinguished none of them by particular favor. She was conscious throughout the evening of being watched by eyes that were gloomy and reproachful from under brows that were bent as in displeasure or pain. And she knew why. She had more than half promised a dance to Andrew Derrick, who .was there because it was one of Lady Hernesdale's pro miscuous olla podrida dances, and because he had won all sorts of honors at Oxford during the preceding year; and she had not kept her promise. She did not quite know why. Per haps he had not arrived as early as he ought to have done; perhaps she was a little shy; at any rate, by the time that he reached her her. card was full and he had retired without a word, only watching her afterwards with thoso reproachful eyes which made her feel uncom fortable. She tried- to make thing3 better a littla later in the evening, when her partner had gone to fetch her an ice, and she. found An drew at her elbow, looking disconsolate. "Are you not dancing2" she asked, plea santly. . .. / "No; I have no bears tor {lancing since you would not dance with me.' \\- _ "You came so late," she said, looking down. "Was that the only reason 2'' "The only reason2" she repeated, not un derstanding his words. There was a little bitterness in his tone as he replied ; "Surely you know what everyone is saying ? That you are to inherit your aunt's great wealth; you and your sisters are to be co heiresses 2 Of course^ old friends must be dropped in that case. I see the necessity." "Mr. Derrick/you have ho right to accuse me of a meanness," said Chloe, with dignity. " Besides, there is no foundation for; the rumor you have heard." _ Her partner returned at that moment and Andrew moved away with a bow, but there was a look on his face which showed Chloe that she had not made the slightest impression upon his mind by way of convincing him of his ^Frances, beautifully dressed, as Milly Flem ing had said, was one of the most striking features of tho evening. She thought once or twice of the picture she was said to resemble, bnt she had no time to visit it, for her card was full, and, moreover, she did not like to suggest tlie expedition to any of her partners. No doubt, she said to herself, it was all an old woman's fancy, and there was ■ no more likeness to Lady Emmeline in her face than in those of a dozen other.girl3 who had darkeyes and hair. Once or twice she caught the earl looking at her with a : puzzled eye as if he thought that he ought to know her and could not quite make out her identity. Frances shrank away from him at- such moments. What was she, Silas Wedderburn's daughter, that she should think it possible for the Earl of Eernesdale to take any notice of her 2* . "Are you tired, Frances? Laurence said once, looking. at her as midnight grew near. "Are you enjoying yourself 2' "Very much, indeed," she answered brightly. '' And is it nob nice to see dear little Milly 2 And has she not a pretty dress 2 Old Mis3 Kettlewell got it for her and for Chloe, too—1 quite love her for that." . , • "And, by all the powers," ejaculated Lau rence, "here is Miss Kettlewell herself. There was a little crowd at the door of the ballroom to see the rich and eccentric old lady, who had come-—unbidden, it was said to tha house which she had once hoped to call her own. Her carriage has just come up to the door, and the Earl himself had been summoned to "reetthe visitor, who, with her shrinkingcom panion upon her arm, crossed the hall as if she were mistress of the whole place. Her shabby dress had been discarded for a pearl-grey satin, and a wonderful erection of costly lace and ostrich feathers waved upon her head; diamonds blazed everywhere on wrists and neck and bodice; her gold- headed stick might have been the wand of some fairy godmother. Smiling and bowing right and left she ad vanced to meet theEarl, to whom she made a prodigious curtsey, quite after the fashion of an extinct school. , ,, "You have often asked me here, my lore), she said, her cracked shrill voice sounding high over the music land the buzz of talk, ' and I have never accepted your invitation. But to night I have come, without invitation, to see all once more, and to said t good-bye!" "Mad! Quite mad!". . was; whispered on every side, and the music stopped suddenly and the dancers came Crowding into the hall to see what was wrong. Miss Wedderburn's face was white as death;' she"wore a scanty black- satin gown and. carried a cloak on one arm. It was evident-that she" was terribly frightened and knew not what.to do or what to °say; but the earl was quite equal to the situation. ■ - , . "Miss Kettlewell, lam honored by your ap pearance. [May I conduct y ou.to Lady Hernes dalo2" • . T. . "Certainlv, my lord, certainly, it is a pleasure to me to be here once more"—and sho laughed in a weird fashion which had no sound of merriment—'' and to .see my old . friends. And my young friends, too," she said, nodding and smiling as she caught sight- ok Chloe and Millicaut, who, with frightened faces, were very near her at their mothers side, "my youD°* relations, my lord. Allow me to present them to you and toyourfriends; my heiresses, my lord, the ladies of King's Leigh! Ab, there will be fine junketings at King'sLeigh when.I aiAfsims'ation ran through the assembly. Mad though tho old lady must be, it was certain that she had named Chloe andMilly Fleming as the s»2CC8SSor3 .to*- hsr houso and. her great wealth. The buzz of talk began again as she moved forward,' bowing and smiling with the grace of long-forgotten' days, . upon Lord Hernesdale's arm. _ ■ . W "Oh mother, she is out.of her mind, Oan t we get'her away 2" said Milly in an agonised whisper to her mother. ... . .". ; ■ "1 am afraid it would excite her too much if I spoke to her," said Mrs. Fleming hurriedly. " Where is your father 2 Perhaps he could in duce her to go. Ah!" in a tone.of relief— " there i.<Laurence. He will, manage every thing. And then, Milly, we ourselves must go.31 ' - ••'' -• "Yes mother^"' said Milly with a'little quiver in her voice.- Then • came another whisper in a deep tone at her ear. "My father's got the old lady, in tow. What does is matter what she says2 " You needn't mind." . "Oh, Charlie," said thecgirl, falling back quite unconsciously into hnr old way of nam ing him, " I am afraid she is very ill. She never spoke or looked like tliat before." . " She looks: uncommonly'jolly," said Lord Heron. "What splendid dinmauds- she:haa got on ' Ob, don't be alarmed about her, I'm awfully glad she came." 1 , " All the'more'glad in his; heart of hearts, because ho -knew that noshadow of. opposi tion to his love-making would arise, now that Milly was declared one of the heiresses of old Keturah Kettlewell. Laurence had gone forward and entered the library, where Miss Kettlewell had been placed in a chair of honor, with Lord and_ Lady Hernesdale doing her homage and paying her every attention. Secretly, Lady Hernesdale was furious and her husband perplexed. It was an incident which seemed likely to spoil •the evening's entertainment, for the rumor that Miss Kettlewell was mad had gone abroad and careful mothers were already hurryiDg their daughters to the cloakroom and ordering their carriages. The appearance of Laurence seemed to please the old lady. She smiled and nodded and waved her fan at him as he drew near. Frances had followed, drawn'by a strange fascination, until she stood opposite Miss Kettlewell. And Miss Kettlewell nodded and beckoned also to her. . ... "ThatV well," she said. "I was once to have married a Hernesdale, as all of you know; but it \yas not to be. Another generation shall . carry out the plans that were then begun, and ! King's Leigh and Hernesdale and Heron and • Corbet shall be all as they were in the days of old." The listeners shivered. What was she going to say ? Lord Heron suddenly flushed scarlet, and Frances, on whom her eyes were resting, turned very pale. Miss Kettlewell uttered an eldritch laugh. "There she is! Lady Emmeline," she_ said, pointing to Frances and then to a picture above the mantelpiece. "Don't you see it? Isn't it a good likeness? .. Emmeline, you were always ai good friend to me," she went on addressing Frances, "hut how is it that you are so young and beautiful still while I am old and grey?" , There was a strange pause. Frances stood looking at her without a word, and the eyes of the assembly were fixed first on her. and then on the picture above the mantelpiece, which represented a dark-eyed girl in white witha bouquet Of white roses in her hand. As it . happened, Frances carried white roses too. ■ "What a wonderful likeness 1" someone said. " But Lady Emmelinejdied fifty years ago." The words were not meant.to be heard, but they came, most unfortunately, to Miss Kettlewell's ear. , "Do you say that Emmeline is dead?" she cried, throwing up her hands. "Then it is her ghost I see 1 Emmeline, my friend, do you want hie? And shall I come ?' She rose to her feet, made a step or two to , wards Frances, then wavered, tottered, and fell back into her chair. Her face was grey; her eyes closed; her hands fell to her side. The lonely woman's day was over, her life was ebbing fast. They thought it was a corpse that they would have to carry to King's Leigh. (To be continued.) 