Raising the Devil BY WILLIAM O'BHLKN, IN THE DUBLIN ' I'RUKMAN.' One black winter's evening1 in the days of Queen Anne, a message of ter ror ran through the back lanes of Mal low, that Father Con, the famous Friar, had been taken. The people gathered timidly at the corners of the Spa walk, through which the Fox-hunters were returning- with their prisoner. Timidly, for Major Griffinhoofe, the master both of the Hunt and of the Yeomanry, ruled with a whip of scorpions. He was a man of immense girth and swaggering strength; his jaws and neck were swol len with the pui'ple bagginess of an over-eater, his eyes bulged out of sock ets which were heavy with the rheum of lifelong debaxiches; his white hair, which might have been venerable, dan ced and twirled about his face like the smoke around a blazing crater. The animal cruelty of the Major's expression was not lessened by a certain impish humour and a thundering voice with a false ring of jollity in it. For a man of sixteen stone he was still able to do wonders across country at the heels of a fox; he had a still sharper scent for an unregistered priest — two fields of sport then equally popular with tne gentry of the fashionable little southern Spa. Among1 the people the Major and his man Roger represented all that was blackest in the powers of evil upon the earth .and underneath it— all the more because they were both perverts from the proscribed faith. The Major's eld est brother having fought on the Irish side at the Boyne, the Major promptly discovered the errors of Popery, and therewith the carnal advantages oi! stepping into his brother's line mansion house at Ballygarret, while the unre generate brother who owned it was dying of aristocratic starvation in a garret close by St. Germain. And the Major was not the man to do things by halves. The popular impression was that he and Roger had one night form ally sold themselves to the Devil in the dining-room at Ballygarret. You would get the people to tell you that the leather of the great armchair in which a certain Potentate sat while he was melting the sealing-wax over the deed with a touch of his thumb was frizzled up as if it had been toast ed at a lire, and the smell of brimstone day to this. Whereat the Major would to this. Whereat the Major would laugh one of his mighty, hollowheart ed laughs, and take the first oppor tunity of hanging the person caught telling the story from the branch of an oak tree opposite his dining-room win dow, for the Penal Statutes of Queen Anne, and his position as Commander of the Yeomanry gave him an author ity pretty nearly as wide as any bar gain with Mephistophelos could have secured him. The winter's day was closing frozen - ly as the troop oil foxhounds and red coats straggled down through . the glens, past the Dutch canal banks of the Pumphouse, where the Parliament men and hooped ladies came to drink the famous chalybeate Spa. The peo ple began to draw together In a cower ing crowd, their eyes searching out the prisoner in rusty black, strapped around his waist behind the Major's man, Roger, who was grim as his own drawn sabre and as little given to talk ing 'Hollo, boys,' ' shouted Griflin hoofe's boisterous voice, 'coming to Mass, are you?' I'm. not sure that it's not going to be a Dead Mass this time. Come along. We have just been hunt ing' up his reverence. I am going to turn Ballygarret into a M!as.s house for his accommodation.' 'Wisha, Major, 'twasn't the first time Ballygarret was put to a good use, before you went to Ould Nick for Holy Orders,' said a large woman, with wide-spreading cheeks and arms, add ing a fearful imprecation in Gaelic. But the crowd had no heart for repar tee. They flung themselves on their knees on the road amidst the hounds and horses. 'Give us your blessing. Fater Con— God's angels guard you, they cried. 'There is his blessing for you, hot and heavy,' shouted Griffinhoofe, striking the prostrate heads with his loaded hunting-crop. The taunt as to his ancient religion had spoiled his joy ous humour. He restored it by hitting about him. savagely and exulting in I the submissiveness with which the people received his blows and his horse's tramplings. 'The Lord and the Blessed Virgin are watching everything!' said the priest in Gaelic, his worn cheeks flushed with blood, 'Roger,' said Grifflnhoofe, 'did you get your prisoner to let him talk pigs' treason?' Roger tugged at the rope which bound the prisoner to him, and tight ened it until it printed red circles around the priest's wrists. 'Silence, son of Belial!' he mutered, stolid as a man of rough-hewn stone. The popular hatred, overawed before his master, burst all bounds before the man. The virago of the bulging crim son cheeks and naked arms made a sudden plunge at the trooper, and seiz ing him by his nose dragged him down until the blood spouted over his arms. 'Why, then, Roger,' she said, 'I didn't think there was blood enough left in you to make dripping- for your ugly carcase when they get you on the spit down below.' Roger calmly wiped the blood away with his paw, and sat bolt upright as if nothing In particular had happened. Roger's adventure increased the Ma jor's hilarity. 'Nothing could be neat er, Norry,' he shouted in high good hu mour, 'except that ? ,' and the lead of his hunting-crop left a dark blue welt across the woman's battered face. At the same moment, by an expert turn of the bridle, jumbling her body under his horse's hooves, he sounded a blast upon his hunting-horn and trotted gaily off with his cavalcade. It had been a day of rare good luck. While Father Con was at large the Major's loyal Protestant soul knew no rest. The Friar was the most pestilent emissary of the Pope and the Pretender that had ever come out of St. Germain. He had the piety of a saint and the in visibility of a magician. A hundred times the priest-hunters had been on his trail. Once they had surprised him on his bed of rushes amidst the grove on the top of Brereton's Rock, and Roger averred positively he had seen him jump clean over the beetling rock into the Blackwater, a sheer hundred feet below, only to address a large congre gation in the ruins of Monanimy Castle the following Sunday. Another time — it was a Christmas .Eve — the yeomen rush ed in at the Elevation of the Host at a Midnight Mass in a rocky recess of the shapely heather mountain (Knocka rowm) which shelters the fair town of IVlallow in its cradle of sparkling green fields and woods; but again Roger, who was not a superstitious man, would outface the tipsiest boaster in the troop that his own eyes had seen the Host and the Friar carried straight up and out of si&Til; in an illuminated cloud. And to-day by the luckiest accident the Major had put the handlocks on Father Con when he least expected it. The Hunt had gone out as usual, prepared with hound or pistol to cope with fox or Miissinonger as the sport might offer. They had hunted an unconquer able fox all the clay from one bushy cover of Ihe Duhallow country to anoth er. As the evening was falling, routed out of the woods of Sir Richard Nagle's confiscated demesne of Annakissy, the fox seemed to be heading straight for the town, when he suddenly twisted Into a grove on one of the heights ol! the Spa Glen. The dogs were at his tail's point, with bright red tongues thrown out and panting throats. So was the Major, ever tho first In the race for brush or tonsured head. The fox made a plunge for a cavern in the grove which was (and is) called the Dane's Hole, and whose subterranean galleries were tradltloned to extend for miles Into the hills, But two of his pursuers were Instantly on his flanks, and as they tumbled through the mouth of the cavern together It was In a death grip. The major floundered to the spot to watch the struggle. Sud denly a cry was heard— it seemd from afar underground. 'By God, that cry is not a dog's— it's a man's!' shouted the Major, jump ing through the narrow orifice among the struggling dogs. And, sure enough, there in a jagged corner of the ca vern, into which a man could barely creep, lay the haggard form of the Friar, dimly shadowed forth by the light of a tiny lamp, which was burn ing before the only treasure of the place — the Sacred Host. 'Phew. The biggest brush ever bag ged by the Duhallows,' sang out Grif finhoofe. 'We'll have none of your miracles this time, Roger, I warrant you. Here with that rope, my honest man. I'll tie a knot that all the curses in all the Litanies of the Council of Trent won't loosen, or you may cut ray ear off.' It was a night of wild revelry at Ballygarret. The vast bachelor man sion house, with its empty rooms and echoing galleries, did not help to re lieve the Major from certain haunting memories of its rightful owner, the threadbare old soldier at the Boyne, dying far away in his garret, nigh the Pretender's Court, He never cared to find himself there of a winter's night alone. The wind sang the eeriest tunes through the branches of the hanging oak outside the dining-room windows, and the wan candles could never be got to penetrate the dark cor ners where the high-backed oaken fur niture loomed and grinned like miss hapen goblins that had had their necks twisted, and. whether in spite of or be cause of the Gargantuan draughts of whisky punch, there were nights when he was not altogether exempt from the popular superstition that a dead priest in black vestments was chanting a Midnight Mass to the accompaniment of a death-bell in the ancient oratory where generations of his forbears had sheltered priests of the hunted faith and which the Major had turned into a kennel for the storing of his harness, sporting tackle, flogging frame and gallows. Roger was the only other re gular dweller in Ballygarret, and the sight of Roger's iron figure gliding about the creaking staircase was not much more exhilarating than that of the dead priest at the Requiem Mass himself. The Major only found Bally garret habitable when it was filled with riotous company and flooded with good liquor. He acquired, consequently, the tepute of the most hospitable man in the Duhallow country, where hospitality consisted in providing a fox or a friar, or a flogging at a cat's tail, to whet the appetite of the hunters by day, and a mass of rude meat and a river of strong drink to waft them into a barbaric slumber of gluttony and drunkenness by night. To-night, what with the hunger of the day's ride, the capture of Father Con, and the anticipation of the next, mornig's sport at the triangle, the hell-fire gaieties of the night blazed up brighter than ever. The fox-hunters clustered in the smoky circle of light shed around the dining table by the tal low candles. In the chiaroscuro behind one could catch but dim indications of the immensity of the dark- pannelled dining-room; its sepulchral sideboards, its neglected hangings, and what was left of the portrait over the fireplace of King James II., for whom the Major's eldest brother had been fool enough to pawn his estate, and towards whose portrait the Major showed his own feel ings, artistic and political, by riddling his Majesty's body with pistol-bullets at the end of a night's diversion. In the tallow-candle squalor, in the midst of all this ancient state, the fox-hunters cut up their reeking joints of venison and beef, and devoured them in brutish masses, and clinked their stemless tum blers, brimming with thick, old port, and shouted like tapsters their oaths and their stable-yard witticisms anc1- laughter, until the fighting stage, the sleeping stage, and the hell-fire stage of their enjoyments had gone their usual rounds. The barbarities of thp Penal Laws had brutalised the Irish gentry to as base a pitch as the example of Caligula brought the Roman patri cians. The night was far advanced when Father Con heard the door of the ancient oratory in which he was im mured unlocked, and saw Roger's grim figure loom up like some gnome of dark ness in the hazy glow of his lanthorn. 'Come along. The Major wants you,' came the gruff command. The priest was on his knees, Rosary in hand. He had been thinking of many things, while the distant shouts of the priest-hunters echoed in his ears, —of the little mountain cabin perfumed* by the heather of Knockarowra, where he had first learned that the poor peas ant-dressed stranger hidden in the loft under the thatch was a bishop — of the voyage with the Wild Geese in a French, barque from a cove near Castlehaven — of the comrades in the lecture-halls of St. Omer— of the feverish months since he had come home, the nights in the heather, the Masses broken by the alarm, the true hearts, the thousand escapes, the first clatter of the dogs in the Dane's Hole in the glens, the shame and torture of the morrow. 'Why, what a coward I am to think of such things.. May God forgive me,' cried Father Con, reproachfully beating his foi'ehead, and, sinking on his knees, he was losing himself in more ecstatic thoughts when Roger's rough order jarred on his ear. 'At this hour. And for what?' he exclaimed. 'To raise the devil!' 'Do you dare to insult me?' The priest's voice deepened into an angry menace. 'Do you want your honest mother to curse you in her grave?' Roger retreated to the door and re locked it, when he whispered in the priest's ear in Gaelic — 'She does curse me— her ghost comes to my bedside to curse me— and I curse myself. Father, bad as I am, you can forgive me,' and the man fell to his knees like an iron-jointed figure falling to pieces. 'Tou viper! Is this part of your master's drunken sport?' Roger instantly stood erect once more, a man of iron. 'Don't speak so loud'' he said; 'you won't believe me? Very well, come along. The Major has sent, for you to raise the devil for the gen- ? tlemen's diversion. I have only one word to say to you, as I'd say it over my mother's coffin. Do it! Do you hear me Do it!' They passed out' into the manor hall,, where in the flickering blaze of a wood fire two troopers, heavy with liquor,, were nodding to sleep in the vast chim ney- corner. Roger took up the whisky jar which had rolled on the floor be tween them: he turned it neck down wards. Not a drop came. A curious, grimace came over his gnarled face,, but he passed on without a word. A roar of tipsy laughter greeted the priest and his sentinel as they stepped out of the sepulchral darkness into the circle of hazy light around the dinner table, thick with the steam of punch bowls and heavy with the smell of meats, where priest-hunters in various stages of intoxication were roystering. Drunkenness, naked and unashamed, was the business of such festive nights; in the etiquette of those days. Men fell where they sat. If the survivors were scandalised it was only that a bottle or two of port wine should be able to close the night's enjoyment of the weaker brethren, and deprive them of the luxury of yielding only in the har dier embraces of brandy punch. 'Ho, ho. Upon my soul, Bulman, you must be getting tipsy,' bellowed the Major. 'Why, it's only his rever ence. What do you think, Father Con?' Captain. Bulman here is ready to wager his wife against my chestnut cob that you would no't be able to raise the devil here for us, hooves and all, and, bum me, if he did not turn green when you came into the room, thinking it was; the gentleman from below that had ar rived already. You did, Bulman, burn me, but you did.' ''Twas that man of yours in the half' light I took for Beelzebub, Griffln hoofe,' hiccuped the Captain. 'I stand to my bet that your Friar won't be able to produce anything* uglier.' 'You hear, Father Con? The honour of the old Church is at stake,' cried the Major. 'Roger, there is not heat enough in that punch-bowl for a par son's sermon. Boiling water, honest. man, and more brandy — lashings of it! For the honour of the house, his rever ence must have his jorum. No better cordial for a wrestle with the Old Boy himself!' Hoger took hold of the almost emp tied punch-bowl and disappeared. 'Do it, I tell you, do it,' Father Con thought he heard, in an unearthly whisper as he passed. The priest's lace was ghastly white. He might have been a spirit from the other world, only for the lightning in his eyes. 'Major Griffinhoofe,' he said, 'you once knew what it was to respect a priest of God's Church.Don't your laws give you power enough without insult ?of this kind?' . 'Hoity-toity,' cried the Major, upon whom the allusion to his change of faith had produced the usual eftecl. 'How long has the Council of Trent denounced a bumper of good liquor as .an insult, hey? Well, then, bumper or no bumper, you'll win my wager for me, or I'll wring your neck, do you hear?'' Whereat the priest-hunters yelled in drunken chorus, and clinked their tumblers until splinters ot glass 'began to fly. . .. ,„ The priest's eyes were raised, as it they were looking somewhere worlds above the sordid revelry around him, and his voice, unconsciously raised in prayer, sounded with a solemnity that caused an uncomfortable silence around the table ? 'Pro te furias atque minas truces ?calcavi hominum soevaque verbera! The Latin words of the psalm had a necromantic sound in the ears of the ignorant and .drunken squires. Bul San's boiled eyes dilated with the ex pression of a man who expected to see something. The Major's own under j2w failed to keep Ub two rows of teeth together. His hand mechanically sought I decanter, and he swallowed half a tumbler of the raw spirit. Then when nothing followed and the priest remained silent, a burst of jeeung laucrhter echoed around the table. 'Your bet is lost, Grifflnhoofe,' cried the valiant Belman. 'I'll ride home the cob to-night if there '.anybody .so ber enough to get my feet in the stii rU'?Not so fast,' shouted the Major, through whose eyes the spirit was flashhig a! if two coals of fire had sud denly blazed out in the sockets. x don't believe there was a single curse in all that bog Latin. Look you here, my worthy Friar-a hair of my chest nut cob is worth more to me than your whole Papist carcase. If you 're sulky we'll have in the triangle here this mo ment, and every man in the room who can stand will take his turn in whip ping the Papistry out of your flesh. The priest groaned, his eyes still up raised. The perspiration stood in gut tering beads on his forehead. 'I'll begin myself, and I have a wrist that isn't easily tired. But I'm not a vindictive man. Father +c°n. Heie is Roger, with a fresh kettle of boiling water. Let us end the night like gentlemen. Save my cob, and you are free to walk out of the front door this night to your Mass-house or to the devil, and with a skinful of Rogers hot punch in the bargain. Did any man ?ever say fairer?' The perspiration was now rolling ?down the priest's pallid cheeks in rivu lets Roger stood beside him with the steaming kettle and the vast punch bowl, into which he had just poured a huge measure of brandy. 'Do it, I tell vou do it!' once more sounded myste riously in the priest's ear. Suddenly his eve fell on Grifflnhoofe, with the glitter of an uplifted sword, and with .outstretched arm, pointing to the Major, he snoke with a quiver in his voice which seemed to enter the flesh— 'Apostate, beware! There are times whpn even through so humble an in iStrument as myself God chooses to ?chastise blasphemy!' The Major's eye fell. He could not .bear to look on that uneartniy face and hear those words of fire. Memories of ihis old Catholic days thronged upon his brain like as many spectres. I he re mainder of the raw spirit went into his tumbler and down his throat. 'Go on, curse you!' he gasped. There was a silence of ueath among the sacred squires. The priest's white face and outstretched ..iiger were ter rible to see. The dusky circle ol hall light around the tables with longwick 'ed candles winking here and there through the smoke of u.o steaming kettle, grew like a cavern in which any thing blood- curdling might happen. A death-sentence seemed to sound in .every sentence of the terrible wommna tiones as they rose higher and higher, and weirdly re- echoed from the daik immensities behind— „*„„* \n 'Cede, teterrime Satanus, atque in aeternae noctis chaos immane d ffu giantur omnes tartarae leglone tuaei A flash of vivid bluish light, scorching blinding leaped into Grlfflnhooofe-s .eyes— a dull, stunning rumble, as if the ground right in front of him were open ?fng, and had burst the table asunder -and then arose a horror of flame, smoke .and brimstone smell overspreading ..everything. With a half-smothered ?yell Grifflnhoofe tumbled from the chair on his knees, his eyes starting . clean beyond the eyelids, staring fixedly at the Something that seemed to rise ? before him out of the fuliginous gloom the arteries of his neck swollen till they, seemed ready to discharge Jets of ?blood— the jaw fallen, the cheeks pui ? pie and blue with the rush of cUscolour . ed Wood. ? T-hen the head and shoulders fell.! together in an apoplectic mass ? from du.t'which the bulging eyes, staring fixedly into the flames, alone hung out their ghastly signals of life. The bluish blaze leaped ? /ami ;curled am . crackled its way through the mahogany* table and spat in the faces of the prle&t-; hunters right and left, as in some Um-\sh ? freak. The terrible eyeballs of Grifnn hoofe in his fit, glaring through the smoke and fire, made them yell with drunken terrors. They believed the de mon was staring them visibly in the eyes. 'Come quick, for your life,' cried a hoarse voice at the priest's elbow, and Roger's iron hand thrust him towards the door and through it. They hurried through the hall, where the two sen tries lay on their backs buried in drink and snoring aloud. Father Con felt the night air blowing: cold on his scorched forehead. 'Is it you have done this?' he asked, facing his concluctoi'. There was a chuckle in Roger's throat— a gruesome one. It was. the first laugh of his life. 'Didn't you see? It was one of them tallow candles tumbling into the bowl of brandy that did it, and the hand of God did the rest. Lose no time. Some of them may be sober enough to make their way out. Here is one of the sen tries' horses harnessed, Quick, the fire is bursting out. through the windows. Be thirty miles from Mallow Bridge before dawn. They will think you were roasted in the ruins with the rest. Now, Father Con, good-bye— only say God bless you, and my mother will sleep happy in her grave to-night,' and the man of iron knelt on the frozen ground at the horse's feet. Lurid tongues of fire were already thrusting themselves through the din ing-room windows. 'But yourself?' said the priest. 'What will become of you?' 'Me!' said Roger, once more grimly erect, as if ashamed of this unaccus tomed spell of speech-making. 'Don't mind me, Father Con, I'll wait to bury them.' 