THE CONSECRATION OF DR. DWYER. Coadjutor Bishop of Maitland. A Brilliant Function. TH eeremonies associated with the conse oration of the Bight Rev. Dr. P. V. Dwyer as Titular Bishop of Zoara and Coadjutor Bishop of Maitland" were performed in St. John's Cathedral, West Maitland, yesterday. Owing to the interest manifested in the func tion throughout the colony, it was known that the cathedral was not capable of accom modating the immense number of persons who would desire to be present. Under those circumstances, it was decided to admit by ticket only. In consequence ef this en trance to the church was gained without difficulty, and as the tickets were numbered the holders were shown direct to their seats. The altar was elaborately decorated, the reredos and Sacred Heart altar being draped with cardinal and cream brocaded silk sur mounted by festoons of lace. The reredos on the epistle side of the sanctuary was adorned with a wealth of red and white flowers and greenery, and the altar itself was specially coluered for the occasion in pale blue, cream, and gold. A cross of roses was attached to the bishop's throne, and the loops between the altar and the reredos were decked with floral chains. As the consecra tion service was timed to commence at 10 o'clook, the congregation were directed to their seats before that hour. The clergy met the Cardinal and Bishops with the elect at the church door. CARDINAL MORAN. The Cardinal received the aeperges from Father M. McAuliffe, and presented it to Drs. Murray and Byrne, the assistant bishops, to Bishops Doyle and Higgins, and then to the Bishop-e.ot. The order of the procession was as follows :-Father M. McAuliffe (one of the masters of ceremonies), the croesbearer, the coneecrating prelate, the Cardinal's thaplaine (the Very Revs. Father Byrne, ef Wollongong, and Vincent Grogan, pro provinoial of the Passionist Order), the Bslhop-elect (Dr. Dwyer) Bishops Murray, Byrne. Torregiani, Higgins, Doyle, and upwards of 60 olergymen from various parts of the colony. In the body of the church there were a large number of relatives of the Bishop-eleot. While the procession was moving to the sanc tuary the organ peeled the march "Ecce Sacerdos." Upon. reaching the sanetuary, the Cardinal Archbishop proceeded to Bishop Murray's throne, where he was invested in full pontificals, including the pallium by the chaplains. The assistant bishops walked to the Sacred Heart altar with the Blahop.elect, and were vested in their copes and mitre., whilst the Bishop-elect was garbed in the alb, girdle, and stole. Upon being robed his Eminence took up a position on the faldstool before the tabernacle, and the Bishop-elect was led be fore the Cardinal Archbishop by the assist ant bishops. Dr* Murray, as senior bishop, requested the consecrating prelate to raise Dr. Dwyer to the Episcopate. Father Joseph Dwyer, brother of the candidate, ascended the predella of the altar, and read the Apostolio commission from Pope Leo authorising the consecration of Dr. P. V. Dwyer as Titular Bishop of Zcara. When the document was read Dr. Dwyer took the oath of duty and fidelity, after which he was examined con. cerning his faith, according the form pre scribed by the Fourth Council of Carthage. The examination being finished, the Bishop elect kissed the hands of the officiating pre. late, who immediately commenced to cele brate the mass. The Bishop-elect was conducted to the Sacred Heart altar, where he was clothed with the tunic, dalmatio, chasuble, end maniple, and also received the Peetoral cross. Alter the sequentia of the mass the Cardinal Archbishop addressed the Bishop-elect concerning the duties of a bishop, and asked the congregation to pray for the chosen one. The officiating prelate 'In reference to Dress Suit. We believe W. T. LEE COMPANY are making a splendid SUIT for 90s OASH. 8302 then intoned the Litany of the Saints, the singing of which was taken up by the large choir of priests, led by the Very Revs. T. O'Farrell, C.S.S.R., of Ballarat, Victoria; T. A. Naylon, of Raymond Terrace; and P. P. Coreoran, of Morpeth. After the Litany the Cardinal, with the aseeistance of the Bishops, placed the Book of the Gospels upon the shoulders and neck of the Bishop elect, in which position it was held by one of the chaplains until given to the candidate by the consecrating prelate. The Cardinal and the assisting Bishops then imposed hands, and immediately the hymn "Veni Creator Spiritus" was given as a quartette by Misses Emmie Hyndes (soprano), Ida Hyndes (contralto), Messrs. J. Thomp son (tenor), and F. Herrmann (bass). During the rendering of this magnificent work, the Bishop-clect was anointed on the head by the Cardiial with chrism, after which the Canticle of David was rendered by the choir in the Gregorian chant. The hands of the Bishop.elect were then anointed with chrism, and were bound with linen. The Crozier, or pastoral staff was blessed, and was given to the newly.consecrated Bishop.: The Episcopal ring was blessed, and placed on the fourth finger, of the right hand of Bishop .Dwyer, to whom was alsopresented a closed book of the Gospel and a commission to preach to the people committed to his care. BISHOP MURRAY OF MAITLAND. The consecrating and assisting prelates then gavethe new Bishop the kiss of peace, and the latter returned to the side altar, and. had the oil cleansed from his hands with crumbs and fine linen. During the ofertory Bishop Dwyer, kneel. ing, presented offerings of two lighted candles, two loaves, and two small barrels of wine to the Cardinal Archbishop in com memoration of the blessed Saviour. After the "Ita missa eat" the mitre was blessed and placed on the head of Bishop Dwyer, who also received the episcopal glovee. The Cardinal rose, and with Bishop Murray in stalled the newly-consecrated Bishop in the faldstool, and the crorier was given into his hand by the Cardinal Archbishop. The "Te Decm" was intoned by the Cardinal Arch. bishop, and was continued by the choir. During the rendering of this hymn the newly-consecrated Bishop, escorted by the assistant Bishops, walked through the church blessing h1s people, the Cardinal Archbishop remaining with uncovered head et the altar. The young prelate dispensed the blessed unction with masterly dignity. Upon returning to the Sanctuary, Bishop Dwyer resumed his position at the faldatool, with the Cardinal Archbishop on his right. Prayer was offered by the Cardinal, and Bishop Dwyer, standing before the centre of the altar, blessed his people. The newly-cones. crated Bishop. then approached the Cardinal from the epistle. side of.the altar, making three reverences on his way, and chanting " Ad Multos Annos." The Cardinal Arch. bishop then resumed his position on the Bishop's Throne and unvested, and Bishop Dwyer was conducted to the Sacred Heart altar, where he and the assisting prelates also unvested. '-This concluded the actual consecrating ceremony" in Dr. Higgins, auxiliary Bishop of Sydney, preached a powerful sermon from the text, "Thou shalt send forth Thy Spirit, and they shall be created; and Thou shalt renew.the faith of the earth." The proacher dwelt exhaustively on the life and actions of the Apostles, and pointed out that the exalted teaching of Jesus Christ had had such a miraculous effect upon those poor unlettered men that they had handed down epistles which for 1800 years had lighted the world, and which would ever illumine the earth. Referring to Rome prior to the ministration of Christ the rreaoher dwelt upon the wickedness which prevailed and the abject condition of the slaves and bondsmen. Bishop Higgins then drew a picture of the ohange which was brought about by the teachings of Christ, in whom all men were one. The Church took the slave by the hand and placed him on a level with his Masterin spiritual power; yea, she even went further and raised him in some instances to the altars. As a result of the tesohings of the Gospel there was no slave to day in any country where the name of Christ was uttered with honour. Drawing the at tention of the congregation to the degraded state of woman during the early Roman era, the preacher stated that in the emancipation of woman they of theipresent day had one of the brightest works of the Church, and one of the brightest fulfilments of the words, "Thoushalt renew the faith of the earth." Thus had woman become the great exemplar of Christian virtue, and the queen of the domestic kingdom. Another result of the regeneration of woman was the saving and the civilizing of the child. When the Holy Spirit desosnded upon the infant Church of Jerusalem the population of Rome was 2,000,000, of whom i00,000 were of the poor. Here a field was presented for that divine charity which Jesus Christ opened up for the church, and she devoted herself to the work with all her strength. The preacher dwelt exhaustively and very powerfully on this mission of the church, aed said that from her first opening on Pentecost Sunday down to the present time the Catholic Church had eucceeded better than any other institu tion in providing for happiness even in this world. In the sacred service of that day there had a fresh development of the work of the Spirit of God, which would continue whilst the earth lasted. With the declining strength of the venerable Bishop whose privilege it was to found the church in which they were seated the spirit of God had set apart the young priest that he too might go forward with that apostolic work for which he was so well adapted. When the consecrating Cardinal placed his hands upon the candidate and anointed his head the spirit of God had come down from heaven to change him into a new man. The spirit had entered fully into the young priest's heart, and had given him a plenitude of sacred power. It would be his duty to guard the mother of the faith with a strength of will which would stop at no sacrifice, for the good shepherd must always be prepared to lay down his life for the sheep. It would be his duty to open his heart wide to the poor and the amicted, and to look particularly to the lambs of the flock and see them educated in those duties which would render them God-fearing Christians and law-abiding members of society. He would have the ex perience and ripe wisdom of the Bishop of the diocese to guide his faltering steps. It was the active energy of that dearly- beloved Bishop which had rendered the diocese such a smiling garden in the vineyard of the Lord. There was another feature ucique in itself, which could not be overlooked in connection with the service just closed. The young priest was the first son of the Australian Church to be given episcopal dignity. Might they not take this as an epoch marking a new era in the advance of the Australian Church; of a brighter triumph of Christian enlightenment in this land. Let them pray that their young Bishop might realise every hope reposed in him, that his days might be long, and that at the close he might be called to the enjoyment which awaited the faithful. The service was concluded with the render ing of the "Hallelujah Chorus" by the choir. The Revs. Joseph Dwyer, M. F. M'Auliffe, and W. E. O'Reiily conducted the cere monies, and Dr. Power, Messrs. T. Doosey, M. Murray, J. Storen, J. O'Brien, and the Rev. E. Gleeson had charge of the body of the chuish. (Continued on page S.) Dr, Dwyer's Consecration. (Continuedfrotm page 6.), THE DINNER. AT 3 o'clook his Eminence, the visiting prelates, the clergy, and a large party of gentlemen representing Newcastle, Maitland, NorthernSouthern andWestern districts were entertained at a banquet provided by the ladies of St. John's congregation in St. John's school hall, Free Church-street. The building was converted into a veritable banqueting hall; the bare brick walls were draped with flags and streamers, while the windows were shrouded by haginigs of the finest lace, and from the rafters flags, Japanese lanterns and ensigns of various descriptions were sus mended. The curer and lower tabAle were placed across the southern and northern ends respectively of the building, and the remaining tables were set longitudinally the fall length of the hall. The table decorations were elaborate and most artistic. The prinoipal feature consisted of orinkled paper triple candle shades in light blue and pink colours. The menu was of the finest quality and was rich in quantity and variety. Bishop Murray presided, and there were alEo present at the upper table, Cardinal Moran imme. diately to the right of the chairman, Bishop Dwyer next to the Cardinal Archbishop; Bishop Byrne (Bathurst), Bishop Torregiani (Armidale), Bishop Doyle (Grafton), Bishop Higgins (Sydney), the Very Revs. Vincent Grogan (Sydney), James Byrne (Bathurst), Arch-priest Sheehy (Sydney), the Hon. and Very Rev. Father Plunkett, 0 S.S.B. (Waratah), the VeryRevs. T. O'Farrell, O.S.8.R. (Ballarat), J. Ryan (8.J., St. Ignatius College, Sydney), Messrs. W. Dwyer (inspector of schools, Sydney. and father of the newly.consecrated Coadjutor Bishop), and J. Meagher (Bathurst). Among the gentlemen at the other tables were : The Reve. P. T. Corooran (Morpeth), W. E. O'Reilly (Merriwa), P. Roache (Mus wellbrook), F. O'Gorman (Newcastle), Robinson (Melbourne), Clanoy (Bar wood), Dr. Hand, V.(*., and E. Gleeson (West Maitland), P.D. Ryan (Tamworth), F. Paul (Quirindi), 0. M'Auliffe (Saored Heart College, West' Maitland), Joseph Dwyer (Goulburn), John O'Reilly(Murrn rundi), Donovan (Goulburn), Kennedy. (Waverley, Sydney),.P. Meagher (Singleton), Rogers (Branxton), O'Dsenhoe (Hamilton), P. C. M'Oormaok, and M. M'Auliffe, West Mait land), also a large number of gentlemen of the laityof St. Mary'e, Newcastle, St. John's, West Maitland, besides other visitors from the northern, western and southern districts. The guests were attended during the banquet by a staff of fair waitresses. The ladies of St. John's. and of the district took this de partment under their charge and carried it to a highly successf l issue. When the edibles had been dispatched the reverend chairman rose amid a storm of applause. Dr. MiaunaB said his first duty was to give all present a very hearty welcome to' Mait land on that auspicious occasion. They would agree that it was a very auspicious occasion. He would not go into any details about the young priest who had just been raised to the Episcopate, and who would be an ornament to the Church. (Hear, hear ) He (the chairman) wished to mention that he was gratified that his Eminence was present. He regretted, however, that his old friend, Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn had not been able to attend. Thirty years ago that day, Dr. J. Quinn, Dr. M. Quinn, and he had raised Dr. Lanigan to the Episcopate. He remembered the occasion very distinctly, "and it had afforded him great pleasure. Thirty years ago that day Cardinal Moran, who was not then a Cardinal, sent out to the Maitland diocese thefiret contingent of Dominican nuns. That was on 30th June; 1867. zThe speaker, after referring farther in affectionate terms' 'to Dr. Lanigan, said that two parchments had come from Rome, and in consequence not only the prelates and clergy, but some very old friends " had assembled at the consecration which those parchments had authorised. Among. his old frieuds the speaker referred specially to Mr. J. Meagher, of Bathurst, who, on one occasion, hearing that' he (the speaker) was dying, had told his good wife on leaving home that he should not return until he had seen him buried. He (Dr. Murray) did not know what his hearers thought about the matter, but he hoped Mr; Meagher would not see him buried for the next 20 years. (Loud applause ) His Holiness the Pope had brought them to gether on that occasion. He did not say the Cardinal or the clergy had had anything to do with it. The Pope had forwarded the parchments appointing Dr. Dwyer Coadjutor Bishop of Maitland, and there was none present who would not join Lim (the speaker) in drinking to the health of Fis Holiness; The toast was received with manifestations of love'and reverence. The GOzanxai said he would crave indul gence for a moment longer. They were all met as Australians. The Cardinal was an Australian. His recent speech at Bathurst had stamped him as anAustralian citizen. It was an exceptional year for her Majesty the Queen. While in Aistralia he had always spoken in reference to her Majesty as a loyal citizen. He said nothing about what he might have done while in Ireland. They were all loyal to their gracious Queen, and wished her every possible success in her record reign. They also wished that she might be spared to live and reign over her subjects for a long period. The speaker con. oluaed by proposing the health of the Queen. The toast was received with musical honours. The chairman remarked that he had comh pleted his duty, and would leave the rest to his coadjutor. Bishop DWYE said he had rather a diffi cult task to perform, inasmuch as he had to speak in laudatory and reverential, terms of one who was present. They were'aware that the candidate for consecratien as Bishop had the right of selecting his consecrator within the Holy See. Taking advantage of this privilege he (the speaker) had proceeded to Sydney and had asked his Eminence Cardinal Moran to officiate upon the occasion of the raising of himself (Dr. Dwyer) to the Episcopate. Their beloved prelate had per formed with distinction the offices of priest in Rome, of Bishop in Ireland, and of Cardinal in Australia. He trusted his Eminehoce would pardon him for saying in his presence that he had been one of' the most distinguished priests in Rome, one" of Ireland's most illustrious bishops,' and' Aus tralia's first and only Cardinal. The'speaker concluded by proposing the- health of the Cardinal Archbishop. The toast was received with the greatest enthusiasm. Cardinal MonaA, in responding, said that after the speech delivered by the coadjutorhe concluded that he had made a mistake in puttinghands upon bhil that' day. There could be no doubt that' Australian as he was Bishop Dwyer must have visited ,that portion of Irelaid known as Blarney. He (the speaker) remembered that 20 years ago in Kilkenny he received a visit from their young Bishop as a student, but he did not know that he was then pro. ceeding from Kilkenny to Blarney. J oking aside, he (the speaker) was very pleased to have been present to take part in such a mission that day. Cardinal Moran remarked that it was a feast of joy to Bishop Murray, whose strength had been so wonderfully sustained It was not without a grand and merciful design of. providence that after 18 'centuries the mists had passed away from Australia and the continent had been illumined by the gifts of the Holy Ghost. A glorious destiny awaited the fair land which he looked to to enlighten the otherlands of thesouthernhemi. sphere, which were still in darkness. Since coming to Maitland he had made an aetro nomical discovery. The Bishop of Armidale had, during the proceedings of Friday after noon, referred to the sun and various planets. Since looking at his Lordship (the Bishop of Armidale), he had concluded that all the planets had not the same specific gravity. (Laughter.) He trusted that the newly. consecrated Bishop of Maitland would be. come a planet after the order of the planet of Armidale. (Laughter) The speaker remarked that he and Bishop Murray were acquainted before the Coadjutor Bishop of Maitland was born. Dr. Murray bad done noble things for Holy Church. His wisdom had been a guide to the administrators of the Church. He had brought the order of the Sisters of St. Dominic and the Brothers of Alphonsus into existence. They rejoiced that he had now a coadjutor to assist him. He (the speaker) believed that he was the only bishop present'who had been a coadjutor, but he must add that his administration in that c~pacity bad only extended over a pe riod of six Emonths. Tho speaker, after making happy allusions to some of his experi ences, concluded a masterly address by ask ing all present to join with him in wishing happiness and success to their coadjutor. The toast was received with great cordiality. Bishop DwyPn thanked his Eminence and the gentlemen present for the heartiness of their reception of the toast. The speaker made a powerful speech, in which he said that although he had been represented as of much higher merit than he deserved, God sometimes performed His work with un worthy instruments: Referring to the work of the veteran Bishop of the diocese, the speaker mentioned the band of sisters whose labours in the diocese were of such a noble character. He (the speaker) should endea vour to be a devoted son to his beloved Bishop in the evening of Dr. Murray's life. In the language of the sacred writings, they had at their. festive board the Angels of, Grafton, Bathurst, and Goulburn, in addition to the Titular Bishop of a distant land, Dr. Higgins. The speaker referred individually to the prelates, and in mentioning Dr. Higgins, said that prelate's eloquence was still ringing in their ears. Regret was expressed that the Venerable Bishop of Goulburn had not been able to at tend. All the illustrious members of the hierarchy had come long distances to be pre sent, and he (the speaker) asked all to join in drinking their healths. The toast, which was received with musical honours, was acknowledged by Bishops Tor regiani, Doyle, Higgins, and Byrne. The latter prelate, at the conclusion of a powerful and appropriate speech, proposed the health of Bishop Murray. The toast was honoured with enthusiasm, and the CHn&m;~n responded in a pathetic manner. The remaining toasts were as follow : SOur Visitors," proposed by Bishop DwYER, and acknowledged by Dr. Sheehy, Father John Ryan, Mr. John Meagher (Bathurst), and Mr. F. Olarke (parliamentary representa tive for the Maoleay Electorate); "The Clergy, secular and regular, of the diooees of Maitland," proposed by his Eminenhe the Cardinal and acknowledged by Dr. Hand, V.G., and Father Plunkett C.S.S.R. (Wara tah Monastery), the laity, the committee and the ladies, proposed by Bishop Dwyer and acknowledged by Mr.. M Murray. This brought theproceedings to a close. The following ladies among others consti tuted the committee, and .had charge of the banquet arrangements :--President, Mrs. G. Maher; vice-president, Miss M. A. Moore; secretaries, Misses Emmie Hyndes and J. Dufly : treasurers, Meidames E. Nash and P. Rafferty. Waitresses-Cardinal's table:' Mrs. E. Nash,.Misses Emmie Hyndes, Ida Hyndes, 'F. Callaghan, M. A. Biley, K. Dillon. Pink and green table: Mesdames T. Callaghan, R. Bailey. and T. Wilkinson, Misses O.Hearn, E. Walsh, M. M'Lachlan, L. Monaghan. Blue and pink table : Mesdames J. Meylan, H. P. Maher, Misses Amy French, M. Walsh, 8. Moore, K. Boyle, and NM. Moylan. Buttercup table: Mesdames T. Davis, F. Herrmann, T. Moylan, Misses A. Navin, Smith, Kelaher, and M. Tierney. Among the gentlemen who contributed to the success were: Dr. Power, Messrs. H. A. O'Oonnor, J. Moylan, T. Doosey. M. P. Maher, M. Murray, J. Storen, T. P. Davis, J. F. O'Brien, and Rev. E. Gleeso.. 