The New Festival. Pentecost was the second of the three great Jewish feasts, the Passover being the first, and the third the Feast of Tabernacles. In the Jaw it is called the feast , of the harvest ; the first fruits of thy labours,' and also, being seven weeks after the Passover, it is named ' the feast of weeks.' The offering in this festival was the two first loaves made from the first portion of j the wheat harvest of the year, as a thank-offering. It was a festival of hospitality. The Levite, the stranger, the fatherless, and the widow were to share. The interval between the Pass over and the Pentecost was regarded as a religious season. There is no clear notice in the Scriptures of any historic significance belonging to Pentecost. But most' of the Jews of later times have regarded the day as the com memoration of the giving of the law on Mount Sinai. AmongBt the suggestions it reminded them that He who delivered them from bondage had fed them all their life long. The Consecration of the Common.— How this elevates this common room. Love and joy, sorrow and death, hallow ' rooms,' ' apartments,' and 'houses,' so that they are never the same again. ' The place whereon thou standest is holy ground,' said the divine voice to ? . . ? - ? Moses. And yet it was common earth, ; but on it the bush burned without con- I f j suming, and the vision of God appeared. | The Assembled Persons.— Not the y] apostles alone, but other disciples might have have been present. In verse 14 | the twelve apostles are distinguished ? from other persons who were also filled with the Spirit. The Holy Spirit was poured out not only in full measure, but also on many. In chapter i. 15 the number of disciples is given as one hundred and twenty. The New Revelation. The Sound. — A sound as of a mighty rushing wind. What happened took place suddenly, unexpectedly. For ten I days prayer had been unceasing; now kij the promise is fulfilled. It is not a J mighty rushing wind but like to it. St. ' j: Luke regards this as the symbol of the V Spirit. j-;, The Fire. — ' TongueB like as of fire r,i parting asunder.' Notice that the ) appearance is not called fire, but only A compared unto fire. Cloud and fire { filled an important place in the religion i of the Old Covenant. The Shechinah i ? (a word not found in the Bible) express- f| ed the visible majesty of the Divine f|jj Presence as revealed in the cloud that f ol- ' ' ? a lowed the wandering people, and the glory Vtfl that filled the temple at the dediction. }'- ' The verse describes a great miracle and its simplicity of statement mark it, c as the record of one who felt that no ' additional words could make the matter other than one which passed the human understanding.' — Cambridge Bible. 1 'Doubtless both these appearances — the sound from heaven and the tongues 'r of fire — had a symbolical import. The I sound, as of mighty rushing wind, was I a symbol of the mighty power of the., ? Spirit; and its coming from heaven * represented its origin. The tongues represented the gift of tongues about to \ be conferred on the disciples ; and their ; j appearance in the form of fire might be intended, to denote the zeal and in- [ spiration which were to be kindled in j the breasts of the disciples, and to be manifested in their 'lives.' — Gloag. / Before the day of Pentecost the dis ciples were under the influence of the Holy Spirit, now He was poured out upon them in an abundance. The New Power. ' They were filled with the Holy Ghost, . . , 1 They spake with new tongues.' Pentecost was a consecration of the elements— wind and fire. Pentecost was a consecration of the faculties — head and tongue. ' The tongues of the disciples were ^essentially changed by the operation of the Spirit, and now became the organs of the Holy Ghost, whereas they had formerly been the organs of flesh.' — Baumgarten. That is true, but not all the truth. Miracle is here. They uttered words in other tongues. As Moses and Elijah wrought miracles by the help of God at the establishment and reformation of Hebrew religion ; as the divine life was full of miracle ; so at the Church's birth day the miraculous is vouchsafed. Now we learn the languages of the nations ' by the slower process of study, and ^ speak and write in the tongues in which they were born. The only other place in the New Testament which throws any light on this matter is St. Paul's first Epistle to the Corinthians. There are now 25 different centres providing technical instruction in New South Wales, with an enrolment of - 7071 students. The contract for a new brick church at Parkes has been let, and is to be completed in four months. The church will be an ornament to the town and a credit to us as Methodists. 