TURF NOTES. (By Atlas.) The Chiltern Jubilee race meeting takes place to-morrow (Saturday), and as the club have provided a nice little bill of fare there should be a good attendance of the public. The profits made over the meeting are to be divided between the Beechworth and 'Wanga- ratta hospitals. The entries sent in for the Hurdle Race and Diamond Jubilee Handicap are composed of the best material at present running in tuo ujj-uuuuh v uwnn.1.3. x'i the former event 19 horses have been nomi nated, and the Jubilee Handicap has attracted an entry of 13. For the former event the placed horses may come from Noel, Hark, Ingegoodbie, Goldfinder and Buckingham. Perhaps, if Ooldfinder is as good as report makes him out to be, he will win. Drover, notwithstanding, his big weight, if he starts, will run well in the Handicap. Blue Eyes, Goldfinder and The Hall appear also to have a chance. Lady flooton, by Padlock— Bavaria, scored her first win in the Hopeful Trial Stakes at Benalla on Tuesday. The Padlock filly only won by a half head, and the result was princi pally dae to the fine riding of George Robson, ?who steered Glenloth to victory in the Mel bourne Cup. The filly is trained by Jack 'Williams at Albury, who had her in the pink ot condition. The hurdle mare Goldleaf (by Groavenor), who won several races early in the season, is, I am informed, to be put iinto training at once. Galdleaf. who ha3 been enioyins a lengthy spell over in Victoria, will most likely be prepared by Ted Curran, who was connected ?with the mare previous to her temporary ' retirement from the track. Andy Roy, whose training quarters are at Mr. James Soden's convenient and commodi ous stables, at the Advance Hotel, seems to \- '?' have struct a very useful bit of horseflesh in The Hall, who 'downed' a field 6t pretty food '.'horses -at Benalla on Tuesday. The lall, who, it will be. remembered, won the Hunt Club Handicap at Mitta Mitta early in the month, is a brown horse by Zeno from Esmeralda, and is owned by tbe district Mr. Dakin will declare the weights for the Melbourne Oup on Monday next. The well-known cross-country rider, Jack O'Malley, has taken boxes at the Advance stables, and has at present in train the Upper Murray horses Ingeegoodbie and Ingeebyra. The former is credited with being a pretty slippery customer when well, but I do not think he is partial to weight. He may, however, in the hands of a competent man such as O'Malley is at preparing jumpers prove useful over the ' little fences.' Poor Me, the Countryman mare, who carried winning silk at the Narandera annual race meeting and also scored a win at Wo donga on Queen's Birthday, won the Queen's Plate at the Echuca Jubilee races on Tuesday. The Temora Jockey Club have decided to hold a spring race meeting on 24th September, when a programme carrying money to the amount of about £70 will be run through. The Cootamundra gelding, Marechal Neil, was made favorite in a good field for the 'V.A.T.C. Richmond Handicap oq Saturday, and he won very easily by three-quarters of a length. Notwithstanding that the Sunrise horse ran a moderate third to Dora and Ironsides tbe previous Saturday at Fleming ton a rush was made on Marechal Neil as s»on as a stable meve was made, and lie pulled his backers through in handsome fashion. Little T. Pegrem had the mount on the bav. and steered him with excellent judgment. A yearling brother to those good mares, Moss Rose and Roaeleaf, has been leased by Mr. Devlin to a patron of Hickenbstham's stable. He is a fine colt, and if ho does not turn out useful will very much deceive his looks. The handsome Sunrise mare Silver Rose, was taken over to Melbourne in company ?with another horae last Saturday. The horass were in charge of Bob Piper. The Sunrise mare will go into E. Davia's stable at Caulfieid. The capable Riverina horseman 'Bob' Piper, has, it is stated, settled in Victoria for good. Piper is amongst the firsb rank in hia profession, and he will be greatly miesed in these parts. On the back of Mr. W. For resters casfc-ofF, Windfall, Piper scored hte first win in the Welter Handicap at Aapen dalo Park last week. A very handsome M.T.O. Breeders' Plate candidate, the property of Mr. ?- Jim ' J/awaon, nas put in an appearance ao vvagga. The filly ia by Invermay from Mento (by Glorious), and is, writes ??' Taranaki,' a very lady-like filly with rear length, and bears a strong resemblance to the hardy glorious family, being poRSQSBod of a raro set of legs, supporting a perfectly shaped body. Bannacht Laith scored a victory in the Pascoe Handicap at Mooneo Valley on the 14th Inst. He is a bay gelding, by Bonnie Heathor'u siro Middlemarch, from (Juiccioli. As he had Ironsides, May Day, Daraien, and a fair field behind him. M© performance ^oyld indio&to; that the eon pf $iddlerprch is a usetul gelding. At the same meeting the Glenraarkie gelding Glenken secured another race (June Handicap) for E. Davis. A gelded son of Carbine in Bayonet from Damsel appropriated the Maiden Plate. The Grand National candidate Soult triumphed in the Hurdle Raoe, and Balmaghie secured the Steeplechase, with Rosasdal second. At the Moonee Valley races on 17th inst., the Albury steeplechaser Euchre made hia debut over the big fences. He did not, how ever, show promiuently at any part of the race, finishing absolutely last in a field of eight. This surely is not the grey's true ferm, and if Jim Kelly does not score a win with him before very long I will be much mistaken. The Grand National Hurdle Race candi dates who performed on the flat and over fences at the Caulfield meeting on Saturday were Lux, Don John, First Ascot, Sonata, Catspaw, Dundee, Woodbine, Gratiano, Pick wick, and The Hero. Catspaw, First Ascot, and Woodbine ran their races on the nat, ana showed fair form. First Ascot is likely to show to advantage over a longer courae. Jf he comes through his jumping lessons satis factorily J J. E. Brewer will ride tha horse in the Grand National Hurdle Race. Gratiano is likely to Bhow to advantage in the big Hurdle Race at Flemington. At Sandown Park (Vic.) races on Tuesday Lcnte, by Malua — Epi, won the Trial Stakes ; J. E. Brewer's Nora Creina, by The Assyrian — Nora, scored in tne Jubilee Hurdle Race, with The Hero second and Soult third ; Woodbine, by Sardius — Sweetbriar, annexed the Queen's Plate ; Britomarte, by Manwka — Lenoma, was home first in the Steeplechase; May Day, by Sunrise — Kitty, secured first place in the Long Reign Handicap ; and Her Majesty's Purse fell to Teooma, by Off Color — dam by St. Albans. For the Rosehill Cup, run and won by Mr. Inglesole's lielso last Saturday, there were 43 starters, which is a record field for a race in Australia. The biggest fields previously were 42 for the Ladies' Trophy, won by The Ghost at Caulfield in 1883, and 41 in the Caulfield Cup, won by Grace Darling, when the unfortunate accident occurred which de prived the New South Wales orack horseman, Donald Nicholson, of his life. Mrs. A. Hayes's Kimbolton, by Bolton Green — Fairlight, scored a double at Caul field on Saturday. Ridden by that first class all-round horeman, P. Guinane, Kimbolton got home a Bix-lengths' winner in the Handi cap Hurdle Race. Later in tbe day he was saddled un for the Sellinn Hurdle Race, and passed the post first by ei«ht lengths, and was afterwards purchased by Mr. T. Uphill for £130, and he should prove -* cheap horse at the price. The Oaulfield Steeplechase winner, Tarra conirwas beaten ' out of sight ' on- the pre vious Saturday by Peveril, so that the latter should have an excellent chance in the Grand National Steeplecease. With a 101b. penalty Tarracom's weight ?vrill be 10.3 in the Na tional, whilst Peveril's is 11.2, and the lat ter's prospects appear brightest for the big steeplechase at Flemington on 10th July. Still it will, be always well to keep the Aus tralian champion, Larrikin, in mind. He has a big weight, but he is a good 'un. According to a Sydney writer, the old-time jockey, George Donnelly, who many years WUW *w*4li^ -?_»ll* If .**.1X*U*., XVWU.U AXVWM| ? ' Hp^~ worth, Stumpy, and other famou3 racehorses, is at present laid up with a serious illness. The speedy Moorefield met with a Berious injury on Saturday. Moorefield was being conveyed to the racecourse at Rosehill, -when the box in wbich he was placed was bumped about a great deal. Though the horse is usually a quiet one he became frightened, and met with such serious in j uries that it is doubtful if tbe son of Cheviot and Bengal Lifrht will ever carry silk again. The race for the Maitland Oup on Monday resulted in a win for Quadret, with Agate second aud Newman third. A false start occurred in the raoe for the Rosehill Cup on Saturday. Immediately on being brought to the starting ' poBt, the cry *' they're off' was heard from the public in the vicinity of the Btand. It could quickly be seen, however, that a false start had taken place, as half the field never left the mfvrlr rif.llAVa millnrl tin wlian f.Vintr VinA mmn about a furlong, but Admonition, War we, Skylark, and a few others ran the distance out. The two first-named coming home together. They again took their places in the field, but as may be supposed took no part in the finish of the race. The postponed Canterbury race meeting was held on Monday, and the racing resulted aa uader : — Brush Hurdle Race— The Gun, by Gozo— Maori Queen, 10.6, 1; Alaska, 9.0, 2 ; The Sailor, 9.0, 3, Won by two lengths ; time, 4mln. Stranger and Aboriginal fell. Inverday, 10.10 (W. Harb), ran amongst tho unplaced division. Flying Welter — Blue Blood, by Beauohamp— Hesitation, 7-7, 1 j Telegraph, 10.10,; 2 ; Chance, 8.0, 3. Won by three-parts of a length. Park Stakes — Allie, by Kingsborough— Gemma di Vergy mare, 1 ; Holker, 2 ; Billingra, 3. Won by a head. Canterbury Handioap, ono mile and a quarter — Duddingaton, by Loohiol — Dainty, G.7, 1; The Swell, by Cheviot— Courtesy, C.7, 2 ; Kolso, by Kingsborough — dam by The Fop, 8.9, 3. Won by bix lengths ; time, 2min. 18jseo. Selling Race — Oomo, 1 ; The King, 2 ; Scoria, 3. Won, easily. Winner bought in for £50. Stewards' Mile— Pense- a-Moi, by Trident— Remembrance, 1 ; Brae burn, 3 | Oradlo, 3. Won by a head. 4 jQP^ov nsrnefl Willie^ ^hcoeo, 87 yews ot age, met with a serious accident whilst riding Stranger in the Brush Hurdle Race at Canterbury Park. Tho horse fell and Rheece had his collarbone fraotured. He was taken to J!t. Vincent's Hospital. Joe Madden, or Gardiner, a bookmaker, who did not appear to answer to a summons for a breach of the Betting Houoes Suppres sion Act by hotting on a race at Canterbury Park, on 9th June, and for whose arrest a warrant was issued, was fined £25 or three months' imprisonment attheNewtown police court on Monday. The racehorse Kingsley, by Forest King — Malacca, who was leased by S. Fielder, has beeu returned to his owner. Mr. M'Lean, of Rockley, near Batharst. Kingsley appears to have recovered from the disabilities under which he suffered when running in Victoria recently. Mr. M'Lean will most likely put Kingsley to the stud this season. The Betting Bill introduced by Mr. H. Levien, M.L.A., in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, is to be allowed to stand over for a time. Mr. Levien has, it seems, dis covered that there is no hope of altering the law at present. A four-year-old son of the Australian Peer and Wildfire, at one time racing undar the name of Wild Peer, was recently sold in New Zealand for £5 10s. Wild Peer, as a two-year-old, woh For Messrs. Hazlett and Stephenson, the City Handicap, a five- furlong race run at tho Dunedin Jockev Club autumn meeting. He broke down at this meeting, and has done nothing since. At the Ascot (Eng.) meeting on 17th inst., the raoe for *he Ascot Gold Cup, value 1000 sovs. and 3000 sovs. added, about two miles and a half, resulted as follows : — H.It. H. the Prince of Wales's Persimmon, by St. Simon — Perdita II., 4 yrs, 9.0, 1; Mr. J. C. Sulli van's Wiukfleld's Pride, by Winkfield— Ali- mony. 4 yrs, 9.0,2; Hamar Bass's Love Wisely, by Wisdom — Lovelorn, 4 yrs, 9.0, 3. Persimmon won by eight lengths. The race was last year won by Lova Wisely, who this year had tha misfortune to meet two good horses who have scored in some of the richest stakes in England during the past couple of seasons. First Master, a promising colt bred by Mr. T. Hales, at his stud, near Tallangaita, died recently in his box at Walkerville, South Australia. First Master was by Newmaster, from May Queen, and had frequently shown good form on the racecourse, but was un lucky, A beautiful chestnut yearling filly, fur nished like a three-year-old, is being: handled and trotted about at Duckenfield Park (says -4 The Vagrant') preparatory to being put into work. The yeung lady is by RuBBley from Queen's Head (dam. of Prince Imperial', and ^sister to Reprieve, Burwood, and Par don), by Yattendon from Gazelle, and if she does not gallop she deceives her looks. She id the first chesnut Queen's Head has dropped since she gave the turf the flying Prince Im perial. 