The Betting Prosecutions. Proposed Legislation. When some of tbe proprietary racing clubs invoked the strong arm of the law to put down wagering outside their fences, they little thought that they were raising a ghost which would be very difficult to lay, and they are now, doubtless, ' sorry they spoke.' A few months ago some ' outside bookmakers ' were, at the instance of theoiubs, prosecuted for betting outpide the products of the Canterbury Park and Moorefield racecourses, and the magistrate deciding that the location where they plied their business consti tuted a ' place ' within the meaning, of the Betting Houses Suppression Act, they were duly mulcted in fines and oosts of court. Then Mr. H. Levien, M.L.A., who defended the outside bookmakers in tbe Police Court, Mmfl to the conclusion that if his clients, who car ried on business outside the racecourse fence, could be located, those that conducted similar operations on a larger scale inside oould also be 'plaoed,' and heloBtno time in bringing the matter nnder the notice of the Government, with the result that several of the leading metallioians were summoned, and convictions recorded against them. An appeal to the Full Court followed, and that body, taking the English case of Hawke v. Dunn as a precedent, upheld the verdiot of the lower court. In the meantime the police were busy in tbe oountry as well as in the metropolitan area in booking the names of the pencillers that did not take timely warning, and it is understood that no less than 400. knights of the pencil have been listed. Sinoe the decision of the Full Court has been given, several batches have been dealt with in the metropolis and provincial towns, the first offenders, who were technically supposed to have broken the law unwittingly, being let off with light fines, accompanied by threats of dire punishment should they come before the judgment seat again on a like charge. That, however, did not deter the layers of odds from opening up business at Randwick on the occasion of the Queen's Birthday Meeting, and on Monday over 40 of them were ordered to pay fines of £10 each with costs. It was also intimated that prompt and decisive action would be taken to suppress the betting and ' tote '' shops with which the city was honeycombed ; and aoting on the hint the proprietors of moBt of these establishments have closed the doors ' pending recon struction.' The proprietary racecourses have also been affected by the betting orisis, and several pony and galloway fixtures have been either withdrawn or indefinitely postponed. The aforementioned facts refer entirely to ' cash betting,' which, so far as the interpretation of the existing law in England as well as here is concerned, seems doomed to extinction ; but it is not quite clear that wagering 'on the nod ' may not be placed on a like basis. In view of the reoent decisions it is almost certain that if speculation is carried on at Randwiok on Saturday (to-day) . it will not be on a ' cash ' basis- So far the members of Tattersall's Club have not taken any conoerted action in the matter, and, from what can be gathered in a conversational way, it does not appeal as if they intend doing so. Already a bill to legalise the use of the totalisator on racecourses has been introduced in the Legis lative Assembly by Mr. R. Sleath ; but it is very doubtful if the measure will be dealt with during the present session. On Tuesday evening the adjournment of the House was moved by Mr. Criok for the purpose of drawing attention to the action taken by the police, and he sug gested that the management of racing should be vested in the Australian Jockey Club, and that wagering Bhonld be restricted to racecourses regis tered and controlled by that body, while the law should be strictly enforced at all race meetings held beyond such control, as well aB shop betting. Mr. H. Levien intended on Wednesday evening to introduce in the Legislative Assembly a bill to allow cash betting to be carried in the colony on racecourses registered by the A.J.C. ; clubs or racing bodies not registered by the A.J.C. to be subject to the provisions of the Betting Houses Suppression Act. 