CONDITION OP SILVER CON. TO THE BDITOR OF THE BARRIER MINER. SIB,-Having resided ab Silverton in years gone by, I was induced by tbe finenflSB of the weather to pay it a visit on Sunday last.. For pure stagnation it would be bard to find its equal- Ia fact, it appears bo a casual visitor to have been struck by a cyclone. Tenantless houses, chimneys standing like so many ghosts, fences broken, and empby cellars filled wibh sweepings from the sbreeb all add to its forlorn and wretched appearance. Every building that it haa been possible to shift has been removed bo Broken Hill And yeb they tell me they run a council, with real, live aldermen. Where in fortune's name they get the rates from ia a poz/.'.e. I had noticed by their half-yearly I balance-sheet that bbey were to all appearances a few pounds to the good : judge to my surprise to hear that foul of the aldermen had only a day or twc previously to guarantee an overdraft for about £140. Now, I think thos< auditors ought to explain matters But, then, it is such a sleepy hollov. that no notice is taken of litble thingi like that. However, it made me i little bit curious; and I found upoi i inquiry that municipal mabbers are t 1 trifle more mixed than with ou I Broken Hill council. Beer seems ti be the ruling power. The aldermen with about two exceptions are brewer; employees or publicans, and seem t carry matters with a very high hand I? is said they have decided, if the can only get permission from th Government, to band over Penroe Park and the tank from which the draw their water for domestic use to private' person. To a looker-on i seems that the residents should hav been consulted in some way. Sure! the Government will never sancbio such a monopoly of the people's par and water supply. Complaints ai heard on every side as to the allege unfairness adopted to get money i run this council. Hearing so mut about bbis matter, I naturally fell im a train of reflection as I return! homewards, and came bo the co elusion that over- greediness on bl pirt of one or two bad driven bl lasb nail into tho coffiu of defun Silverton. I am. _A RAMBLER. 