; A DAY'S JOURNEY. j" 'A bitter February day. Not a |ihav- . tent day to travel in by any means; bnt . then Lcttiee Mnltiwaring was one of tbe j SOrt that raakew the best of everything- 11 lf» a long dhdtuwv over the bills. said the wife of tite landlord or Itlie litUo onc-»<©ry% l/iveni that w«» 'perched on the ctckI of tire highway, '"and the sihiw'h powerful deep." I tiilnk a winter landscape la the 'prettiest thing hi the world," said Istt- Itkts, cheerily, as Khe wound licr fur boa '.around ami n round her ne<.'k, "And old SIoIsoh'h singe i« awful un- ! com fortable," lidded the landlady. ' "I like stage riding." .'isserUni Letty. "You'll not gel there till dark." ; "Oh, that Ih sooner than ! expected." And l,etty cllinlicd up into the stage fcoaeh, whirtt kkxm! creaking awl groan ing at the door. having Just rumbled up fmm Uto next village, a mile or so down the hill. One solitary passenger oeeitplcd the -opposite corner— u tall, dark matt, witi) a Spanish sort of complexion, uikI clear ' dark eyes, who wore tin odd sort of olive green cloak or imuitle, heavily trltmned with sable furs. He nodded . brietlj hi return to holly's smiling re cognition. Our Utile heroine would have talked with a |w»hr IksiT. hud a polar Is.-ur chanced to he her travelling companion. LeUiee arranged her fum and her has ket, and her honuol strings, ami won dered secretly how fur the tall man wan Solng. "Can I lie of any assistance to you?" courteously queried the gentleman, as , Letty HiMirrhcd in the straw at her fool for n dropped glove. Thank— no," said Lelty, coining up ; Again wlU» red checks and curls a little ; 'dishevelled. "Are you going all the 'itvay through?" "As far as the singe goes— yes." "Oh," said Miss Main waring, "so aui 'I." The genUemau nodded Interrogative ly and went Isiek to his paper. ; "Cross ihlng!" thought tally, Jnvol- ituilarlly jm>uiiug her cherry H|»«- "Wiiy (can't he talk and make himself agree-. ' aide? and he knows very well that we ! are to 1m? shut litiru logetlwr for eight 'long hours." " Hut the wild, mouirtoJnouB huidscupc, -.as it flitted by, while gleaming with :snow, and darkly fringed with the wuv- ing of hemlock iKtuglis and solemn ores- ,tcd pines was, after all, nearly ils good a study as the human face divine," and tatty soon forgot her temporary annoy- anre and elmgriu hi the white skeleton- ; like walls of a diverted old jkiimm mill . long since disused and fallen to mill. "I wonder if it in ImunlodV" said slip, ' aloud. The si ranger smiled, urul laid down Ills Kiper. "I>o you lielleve 111 such things?" he , nslutl. Lotileo Malmvnrlng lauglicd and co- lored. "Of course not: itnd yet— am you much acquainted in Uils region of tlie coun- try?" "I have lived hcroaliout a good deal." "Oh! Oh! Then jierhaps you know iRnsterluun IIullV" ills face briglitencd. "Oh, yea! You .am gong thereT' 'Yes. I tun to be goTcnuws tt> Uie little children," suld taflity, making haste to enlighicst 1dm as to her trim >osi1Jon in order that he shouhl fully coinpmhciul tliat she was no elegant young lady coming to Uie hall to nmke a visit, but a bumble little working liclng, who was obliged to loll stead fastly for the daily bread she ate. "Indeed!" lie said. Anil Letty was vexed at herself for noticing tho polite indiffcrencu Jnto wliich his .tune subsided. "I suppose It is it very line old place," she went on. "Very— for those wlio fancy 'tine old plnciv." To my Inste they an? apt to be overrun with luts, full of drafts untl pic turesquely Inconvenient." "And : hauutcd, |»erlmpH?" mis- tfliievoiir.ly put In LetUoe. the roguish sparkles coming back to her eyes. "So far as I know, Biisterham Hall is free fnun any supm-natum! occuinuiIh," "1. am sorry for that," said Lettlee. He arched Ids eyebrows. "You would like to share your room ."with a ghost or two?" "No; ixit I do like a little tinge of romance nliout the place— something to set It a little above and beyond tin; level of Uie commonplace." ne did not answer, and talkative Letty once more set Uie c«m versa Uonal ball rolling. "The Hustcrimms are very rleli, I sup pose?" "Yes.'' "I never heard of Uiein until Inst wook," she zsild, musingly; "and now— how straugely things an; ordered in (Jris world!— I tun going to catsL lu iny lot among them." "Jfiow docs that imppen?" said tins gentleman. lie eotihl not very well say loss In ordinary ix»HteiMVH, nnd yet tatty felt tTiumpluLnUy that she luul "drawn him out," "They wrote io Mmo. Mollgny, my nbl lonelier. In select il covernivs muiH- Jlml to tench two Ulltle lioys, and iiiudamo Iniew that 1 wlsliod for u situation, mid so here I am. I wonder how they will llko nie?" "I hope you .will like them," Bald Uie gentleman. That isn't Uio question," tatty cor roded, Iui|>erutive|y. "Mr Kutrteriuun Js a dreadful hear," "You are aequalulcd with 1dm?" "Oh, no; only .what 1 Jhivo iKninll" nnswensl Lelty. "And what may lliot be?" "You arc a neighbor," sold Isdty doubtfully. "I'erliaps I luivo sold too much already." IJo L-iughed with more animation than she hud yet seen in blH moniker. "Depend upon It. I si tall not betray you to Mr Kasterinun. So lie Is a bear? AVell. 1 have thought so sometimes my- belf." "But ho won't blto mo If I sun a good girl and do nry duty to Uie little ones, and lihey tell mo tliey aro very nk-e boys," i>erKi.sle<l Lctilee. "Tlioy urc vciy like their ' futlier, I .bellevi;." w "Oil," wUd Lattice, laughing, "I can tame young bears; it is only Uio full- grown oiHi'tinen with sharp teeth iumI long claws 1 am afraid of. Only think," and a doinure, upprcliciiHlvn expression came over Letty's muud, blooming countenance, "he goes all around tho house all day long, nnd never soys a word to any one." "Ho must be sarugo, Indeed," ob- served the gcirtlcman. "And Miss lOIectn l&isterhntn;, Uio old . mahl aunt who keeps house for lilin, ' has quaiTellcd successively with every govenicHH they luivo luul," wimt on Leiiy, patting her HlUo foot on the, rustling straw on tlie stage door, but sho sliaJl not quarrel wlUi me. 1 won't let her. Z am too good natural and too accustomed to humoring people, especi ally old ones. Mine. Mollgny wrote me tlrnt she disliked young and pretty governesses partieularly. Now, I'm not young— not very young, you see." "No?" ' "I was twenty last week," said Letty, solemnly. %,iuid I am not prutty enough to disturb her inlml. I am only toler ably deceul-looklng. Now, If luadumo 'hnOwHectwlOUveDayfba, wbonned ttX be lu the same chtss with ine— ribe was a regular l>cauty, with great slmdy eyes aud a complexion all warta and roace— there would liave Ikosi danger then." The stnmger lxgan to look Inher ed od. 'Tell me inoii» about your school," sirbl lie. '1 have a. kJhUt whom I think of placing in some deslmble institution, and 1 should like to judge whcLhcr your Mme. Moligny's would Ih; a good home for iier." Betty's eytv briglitciMHl, her cheeks reddened, nnd lu>r little t/mguo was tm- lixwed at once. Her t lavdllng com- Itanlon was m social and chatty, and tli«» llrne lleeted swiftly away. "You an; going?" she cried, as at a lonely inn. overshadowed with silver stemmed birches nnd funereal spruce woods, a light sleigh drawn by two milk white horses was waiting. "! have nods! the end of my Jour ney," he twhl, courteously touching Ids ftir cap. "I lnd Intended to keep on to the end of the route, but I see they have scut to meet me Ihto. I wish you every success and happiness in your bear taming." Ajid nn the sleigh 1>c11k jlnghnl nwny, Tn;tty fdt herself flushing deeply- "I'm afraid I have been talking too much." thought I.etty; 'hut what is n l>ody to do, shut up all day In a stage coach with a conversable gentleman?" And the rvst of Miss Malnwarlng's journey was just a little tedious. It was dusk when they arrived at Eastorham Hall— a suowy, chill dusk which made the glow of lights through su'ii riot moreen curtains and the coral shlno of a great w<>od tire in a slono paved hall, as sisai through the half opened door, most delightful and we! Aunt 1'Zlccla. a tall, prim old Indy, In snowy nip, ribbons, and a brown satin dress, stood ready to welcome her, and just behind her Letty s;iw a tall gentle man with Lwo lit th; boys cllngiug ulK>ut. 1i I m . "This Is my nephew, I'hlllp," the old haly said, arid Letty felt as If the bUxsl In her veins was turning to tiro as she recognised— her travelling compaulon of the day. "Do I look very iiiueli like it l>ear, Miss MalnwaringV" he asked, laughing, as she stood trembling and tongue tied Intfore him. "No, don't isilor. I promtse you to allow myself to iKJcome very tamable. And you must not cry, cither," ns the tears came into Ixrtty's eyes, "There's nothing for you to cry for." "Why didn't, you tell inn who you wore?" she asked, plteonsly. "Because you never asked me." LHXy n -sol veil within herself that she would leave Kasterliam tlie very next day. But she didn't keep her resolu tion. At the year's end she had neither quarrelled with Aunt Ivlccln nor Mr EnHlcrham, and Itlie little Isiys thought "Miss Letty" was jKirfeetlou. So did their father. "Letty," said he, "the year for which I engaged you is over." "Yes," she responded, softly. "Will yon stay another year? Will you stay with nie always, hotly?" And so, within the yellow shine of a wedding ring, tatty found herself a prisoner forever nt Eiurterham Hull.— "Chicago rrcss." 