A Hard-earned Treat. By Ma3kl Quillee-Couch. [All Rights Keserved.] They were sitting round the fire one (Jhristmas Eve, Joseph. Lander, his wife, his wife's sister, and two or three neighbours, telling siories or relating their own experiences. ' I dunno however I'm going out lo-morrow,' said Joseph's wife's sister, in a pause in the story telling. ' I've got such broken chilblains I can t never get my boots on.' Joseph laughed. ' Aw, we'll get the Passon's cheer for 'ee ; ' then, eeeing no one smile, ' didn't 'ee ever hear tell how William 'Eury Pascoe took his mother out to dinner in it one Christmas Day?' he went on. 'Never 'eard tell on' t ? Well now ! Why bless your 'eart 'twas the joke of the season. I was there, and I laffed, law, bless me ! I luffed eo'e my side ached for days after. Poor old William 'Enry, I'll tell 'ee 'bout it, but you ought to have seed it all.' ' It was duwn to Tom Merrifield's, the black smith's, they was going ; you know he was a very * warm ' man, and free handed, and every Christmas Day he'd ask a mort of folk to his place to dinner, and a rare good treat he'd give theai. Well, one year he invited William 'Enry Pascoe, and his mother. Now William 'Eery knew that if his mother didn't go he couldn't, for she wanted a power of waiting on, and never wouldn't be left in the house alone She called herself a ? great, invalid,' and a ' terrible sufferer,' though strong as a horse really, as I had a good chance of seeing that Christmas Day. So William '£nry was veiy down about it, for all he put a bold face on, and a pretty life he led. The old wjman wouldn't say she'd go, she wouldn't say Bhe wouldn't, and her temper wa?- awful. ' ' Mother, I'm going- to tell Tom Merrifield fcliat you'ni coming,' William 'Enry said at Ia6t, pretending he wasn't afraid of her. The day wa6 pretty nigh come and naught settled. ' ' If I couldn't talk sense, I'd hold my tongue altogether,' was all the answer he got. ' ' I am, mother,' he went on, taking no notice of her temper, 'I know you can't walk do »vn 'long there, but I could carry 'ee quite easy. Ton ain't bigger'n a ha'porth of pipes.' ' ' William 'Eury Pascoe, I'm thankful theie'n no one but me here to listen to such talk, but that don't make it no better in you, and if I was in your place I wouldn't talk at all if I couldn't talk decent.' '?No offence, mother, I meant it all right,' saith William 'Enry, 'umble like, ' but you surely ain't a-going to throw away a chance of such a dinner as Tom Merrifield will give us. Why I know for a fact he's going to have a goose what weighs eighteen pounds, and roast beef, too, I reckon, for I seed un going in to the market to day ; and if we don't go hu'll ask other folks in our place.' ' This last fairly clinched the matter. Eliza Pascoe wasn't the woman to give in all at once, but her voice wavered a bit. ' I haven't crosbed my doorstep for six years, and 'tim't likely I'm going to now. Pretty talk there'd be if I was to go out for the first time 'cause I was offered a dinner.' ' A bright idea struck William 'Enry. ' Look 'ere, mother,' he saitb, ? 1 know a way so's you won't have to walk more'u a few steps. If you'ni go, I'll take a run up and ask Passon to be so good as to lend us the loan of his cheer — Bath- cheer, he calls it— I know he'll lend it, and it'll take 'ee down bootiful.' ' Well, the old woman thought and thought. Her knew her would go up top 'mougst the village folk if the Paafcon lent her 'is cheer, and sae knew she'd have a rare good dinner at the end of her ride, and no trouble about getting one to home. The upshot was that at half-past 12 on Christmas Day, the Parson's Bath-uheei was drawn up afore the bit of garden in front of ?Rlis-a PasooL-'s door, and 'L:za herself walked out, slow and grand-like, leaning 'pon William 'Enry's aim. She wasn't going to let herself down in people's minds by hurrying at all. The old cheer might have been a huudrsd years old and more, by the looks on un, and hadn't smelt paint since he was first put out of hand. A great clu nsy thing 'twas, with a hood over it, and a door what closed 'ome with a spring, and a pane of glass up in the front. ' ' I think Id better close up the window, Mother,' saith William 'Eury, tucking in the old lady, and her shawls, and her cap basket, at* g ntle-like as a woman. ' It looks like snow, and you 'baint used to the fresh air.' ' Her didn't like it very well, her was feart. * Well, if You must you must,' her saith reluctant like, ' but 1 don't feel very comfortable. S'posing it was to ruu away, or upset, where should I be ? Why as good as dead. But, there, if I don't take care of myself folku'll say there's naught the matter with me. 'Tis only the Lord knows what I suffers. But mind you'm careful, William 'Enry. Drive slow and whatever you do, don't run into no vehicles. Aw ! I wish I was there. William 'Eury, do'ee be careful. Oh dear, oh dear ? ' '? Wiiliain, 'Enry shut up the window pretty quick. His mother was making him nervous, ana the enjw was threatening to fall any minute. He couldn't hear her so well when the window was shut, and he took care not to look at her, for she reg'lar unnerved him. Then, catching up the hanJle, he started. The old woman scritchtd finely when first the chair moved, and getting un out over the gutter was a pretty bad business. But William 'Enry was as careful as a man could be, and when once he'd got the old cheer fairly started, he marched along as slow and careful as a fooneral 'orse. He went slow and steady, but you know what our roads is, here a rut, and there a pit, and loose stones everywhere. Bless my days, how the thing jolted about ! and the old woman scrifcehed every time fit to blow the hood off. She was nearly in 'sterickb by time they reached Tom Merrifield's. ?' ' Here we be, Mother,' William 'Enry shouted, for the glass was thick and deadened the sound a brave bit. ' Tom Merrifieli's house stood out close to the street, and when they drew up the cheer before ; un, the door was standing open, and forthcome'd a goodly 6mell of roasting meats, and plum pud ding, and every good thing you can lay your mind to that's fitty for Chrisimas. William 'Enry's mouth watered, he was powerful fond of his food. ' ' Here we be, Mother,' he shouted again, and turned the handle to fling open the door in a great make-haste. But the door wouldn't so much as budge. It was like as if the old woman was sealed down. ' ' Aw, I forgot all 'bout the window, 'e saith, and looked about for some way of opening un, but there wasn't none. ' Well, that's rum now,' he muttered. ' Mother, Mother,' he shouted, ' let down the window, I can't open the door.' ' The old woman only stared at him, and never moved. Either she didn't hear or she was too scared to take in his meaning, and, anyway, her was bundled and fixed up eo tight with shawls and things her hadn't got the free use of her hands. He tapped at the glass, and made signs, but she only shook her head. At last William 'Enry got vexed. ' ' Do 'ee want to stay there all night ? ' he cried, ''cause you won't find it speshully com f or' able, if you do, and you can't have your dinner 'anded in to 'ee.' You know he wouldn't have dared to have spoken like that only he thought she couldn't hear. Still the old woman only shook her head feeble-like, and made no attempt to get herself out of her quandary. ' By that time, of course, a small crowd had gathered round, and this made William 'Enry madder than ever, and his mother more mud Ile 'eaded. Everybody was offering advice which wasn't no good, and 'elp which wasn't no better, but you see we was 'andicapped because we dursn't damage Paseon's property. Nearly half an hour passed in struggling with it, but all to no good. ' ' The dinner '11 be ready by 1 sharp ' said Mrs. Tom Merrifield to her 'usband, as they etood watching us all in turn trying our 'and on the old thing. She was worrying for fear it would all be too much cooke \\. The words reg'lar maddened William 'Enry. ' ' I'd kick the old thing to atoms if he didn't belong to Passon,' he cried, tears fairly standing in his eyes at the thought of what he'd miss, for he durstn't go and leave his mother. ' ' I'll tell 'ee what you'll have to do,' said 'Lisha Wilcox. He was the glazier and the paperhanger of the village then, — he'6 retired now, 'pon his means. ' You'll have to have the glass took out, and if we can't force the door open then, why she'll have to be hauled out through the opening.' ' ? 'Tis the Passon's,' cried William 'Eury in awestruck tones, ' I couldn't do it. ' ? Look 'ere, William 'Eniy Pascoe, for one shilling I'll have it out and in again in a brace of 6hakes, and Pas6on won't never know nothing 'bout it.' ' William 'Enry's jaw dropped ; shillings weie very dear to his soul, but a, good dinner was dearer ; he hesitated a moment, dived into his breeches pocket, and, bringing out a round tin blacking box, which shone like tilver f otu tlie long rubbing it had had, produced from it a shilling. Then 'Lisha Wilcox set to work, and with a dozen and more people watching of him, he took out that there glass as clean as a whittle. ' Law ! the folks reg'lar shouted when 'twas done, we was all got worked up to such a state for fear the old woman would be suffocated before we got the air in to her. But, bless your 'eart, the shouting soon stopped, and Eliza Pascoe quickly let ub know she wasn't suffocated by a long way. '-'William 'Enry, open that door to once. I orders you to open that door' — You know she al ways talked very fine, more like London folk — 1 and to drive off them there Btaring riff-raff. When folks hasn't got no manners, natural, they must be taught 'em. Open that door, I tell 'ee.' ' My eyes, how we all started. The children ran 'ome to their mammies reg'lar scared. William 'Eury was scared too, I can tell 'ee. ** * But, Mother, I can't,' he cried, * that's just what we can't do, the spring's broke ! ' ' ♦ Then what on earth 'ave 'ee took out the glass for ? Do 'ee want me to catch my death of cold ? ' ' ' Why, Mother, we 'ave got to lift 'ee out through the opening.' He was mortal feart to tell her, though he kiiew she couldn't touch un so long as she was t-hut in there. ' ' William 'Enry Pascoe, I always thought you wa6 a fool, but, but — now — ' Her couldn't get out her words, her thought so badly of him. ? Dj you think I'm going to be dragged and pushed out of that there 'ole, and in the face of a gaping multitood, too. Do you really think it ? ' ?' William 'Enry was beside 'isself. If his mother refused to come out through the Only way open to her, he didn't see that he was any nearer his dinner,' and he had wasted a shilling. Then came a sound of frizzling from the kitchen ; it nearly drove the poor fellow silly. '* ? You — you wouldn't care to be driven in to the kitchen and sit and eat your dinner in the cheer, would 'ee f ' he asked quite tiniid-like; But he sound had reached Eliza too. Poor old 6001) her was getting 'ungry, and her began to rtalite the fix her was in. '? ' William 'Eury Pascoe ' she said very stern like, for ehe put the blame for it all on to the poor chap, and she liked to vent it out on him, * if I'm took out of this here window, it muht be done in private. Pin hot to be a gazing stock for all the fools of this village; If you wants to get me out you must order ail that lot off, and get a screen and put round me. If you don't do that I'll never budge.' ' In next to no time we'd a took down the great screen in Tom Merrifield's kitchen— 'twas eix feet 'igh and Etood just inside the door, to make a little sort of passage way. 'Twas a brave job getting un out, and I felt mortal sorry fur Mrs. Merrifield 'aving 'er kitchen tore'd to bits just a3 'twas looking so nice too, but 'er didu't eeem to mind much, and we carried un out and fixed un round three sides of the cheer, and while Tom Merrifield and 'Lisha Wilcox kept back the boys, me and William 'Enry went to haul out the old woman. I was mortal glad I'd only got to stand behind and 'ol 1 the cheer steady, for I was laffing bo I couldn't have faced her ; I ducked down under shelter of the hood and had my laff out, and nearly killed myself over it too, for I durstn't make a sound. 'Twasn't no easy thing holding the old thing steady neither, for the old woman pushed, and. dragged, and struggled, until I thought they was bound to topple over together. You see, William 'Enry couldn't get no grip on her until she'd worked herself up and could stand on thereat. '0«r she ever got out, I don't know, and William 'Enry couldn't never tell, and nobody else was allowed to look, but he was a brave big fellow, and he was worked up until he could have done 'most anything. The first thing I knew, the cheer had stopped pitch ing and tearing, and Eliza Paeooe was walking into the house as proud as you never, same as if she'd just stepped from her own carriage, and no body dared so much as smile. I heard her grumb ling that her clothes was 'most dragged off her, and her bust gown had got more damaged that day than in all the years she'd had un, but William 'Enry didn't take no notice. He'd got her out and that was a satisfaction to un. ' Oh, my ! wasn't hei temper awful all dinner time ! But we was all very merry and cheerful, and 'greed not to take no notice of her. Even William 'Enry 'gre^d, his dinner made up to him for whit he'd gone through. ' What a time we did have ! and 'ow we laffed and talked, and ate and drank. It makes me ashamed to think now of what I cleared that meal. But we was all alike, and the luore we ate, the better Tom Merrifield seemed pleased; But for all he had such a dinner, and fur all he en joyed hisself over it, pour William 'Enry seemed to be in a reg'lar run of ill-luck that day. Every thing went wrong with him. ' After dinner us gathered round thu fire, cracking nuts or burning of 'em, while we bupped our glasses of grog, and enjoyed ourselves telling tales or cracking jokes. We took it in turns to tell a story and 'twas come round to William 'Enrv's turn. So he got where his mother wouldn't see him, and began. Oh, mjr ! 'twas a proper story, and we'd juBt got to the middle of it, where the fellow was following; the ghost, and we was all feeling creepy, when all on a sudikn William 'Enry's jaw gave a great ' clicu,' bis story stopped short, and there was bis mouth fixed wide open. Dj what he would he couldn't get uu to shut, and it hurt un so he roared like a great bull. Firet along we thought he was ioking, aud we sat and stared at uu, thinking 'twas part of the story. That great fool, B.ll Job, ackshally clapped his hands, and shou'.ed ' angcoie,' but there wabn't no angcoring for William 'Eury. He went so white as the table-cloth, and tried to work his jaw, but 'twasn't no U6e ; then Tom Merrifield noticed there was something wrong. *? ' He's going to have a fit,' he shouted, ' clear away there, and give un air, and some closed in round un, and tried to seize un by the arms and legs and lay nn 'pon the floor, aud others got water to throw over uu ; when a voice from the chiinbley corner scritched out, ' Get along with 'ee, all on 'ee, he's been and put his jaw out, ' that's all.' And. as cool as if nothing out the way had happened, Eliza PaBCoe up and grabbed 'old of paor William 'Enry by the 'ead. ' ' L'jau again me,' she s-iid, seizing him from bu'ind, before he had a chance. Then followed such a tugging and a pressing as you never eaw, (nobody'd 'ave believed the strength of that woman), and William 'Enry lifted 'isself up, and wiped tears and perspiration off his face. Eliza went back to her seat again as calm as you like, and we all sat down. We was feeling a bit silly, Bbme'ow. ' ' Well, I never did know anything so sudden,' said Toih Morrifield, when he got his senses to gether. ' William 'Eury, my boy, 'owever come'd 'ee to do such a thing. I nearly 'bout started off for ttie doctor. You reg'lar soared me, I can tell 'ee.' ' William 'Eury stared about un aB if he'd had a nightmare, and had only just woke up. ' Why,' lie gasped, sort of puzzled-like, ' why 'twas so coorious. I can't make it out. I was only just a doing like this,' — he said, openiug his mouth wide, and, if you'll believe me, ' ciick ' went his jaw, 'twas out again ! Law ! you never saw such a thing ' 'Twas terrible. There he bat storing1 at lie, scared out of his seven senses, his nitiuth fixed open, his eyes starting bub of his head k* ? You great gackum,1 cried bis mother, beside herself with vexation, ? I'm blest if 1 ain't down right ashamed to own 'ee. 'Ow many, times have I told 'ee I wouldn't talk at all if I was you ? I de clare to gracious I'm sorry t ever learnt 'ee to. I believij I should be wise to let un bide iike it,' she said, as she got up and crossed over to help un. for nobody else ' seemed able to move, ' I really haven't the time to waste, running all day long1 setting his jaw for un ! 'Tisn't as if he put it out for any good reason.' ' Some'ow or other we all i'elt wight after that, the stories was forced and we was all afraid to laugfh for fear our jaw-8 would go out too ; it had given us such a shock. William 'Enry sat and held his, and tried to cheer himself by thinking how lucky 'twas it happened when it did, and not before dinner. We sat on f'tr a bit longer talk ing now and again, only very careful like. ' Then Eliza lose up. ' I think I must be going now,' 'tr saith, ' and thauk you kindly, Mrs. Merrifield, aud you too, Mr. Merrifield, for your bountiful repast, and a very pleasant day. I am loth to go 6o early, but the night air is bad for me. I'm sorry as my son as made such a ex hibition of himself, and spoilt folk's pleasure, but we all know, ' there's no making a silk purse out of a sow's ear ! ' ' ' Poor William 'Enry couldn't say nothing, his jaw was that stiff and sore, and his face swollen up like a great turniut. ' ' Perhaps, 'Lisha Wilcox,' she (said turning round to him so quick that she nearly caught him laffiug, ' perhaps you'll be so kind an to help William 'Eury into the PasBon's cheer, and wheel un home for me. I'd do it myself if my 'ealth was better. William 'Eury will give you some thing for your kindness, I know. He couldn't drag anybody out for nothing on Christmas Day.' ' And if you'll believe me, William 'Eury Pascoe was that afraid of his mother that he went. They got the old cheer opened some 'ow, and the last thing I saw of them the old woman was raarehinjy up in the middle of the street, with about a dozen shawls wrapped round her, aud behind her come'd William 'Enry in the Bath cheer,' 