, , n grange* teompaiiibiis, '' 7 {Written for the Goolamiindrd Herald.) . Tart: I. ? ? _ . J. BEING A HYPOORITE'S VIEWS ON ' SOME ^;.V: things political. f 'I'm a- professional politician, having-Hved on the game for years. When bhe^late, Sir Henry Parkes was Premier I was a free trader; during .the reign of the Dibba Government I became a protectionist; and since the return of freetrade I ha^e joined the Liberal party again. Whatever fiscal policy is popular at the ballot boxj' suits me. In my lino it is so easy to becomp diseased with contagious political fever, * especially when bread and butter depends on it, Can didly, I am a bit of a hypocrite. I have frequently^ mode desperate attempts to get into Parliament, but failed. Three hundred a year in these times of depression is not to be sneezed a|. I honestly belipve the main fiscal principle.' in my political programmes were right enough, but it/w3S with the minor question^, the voters differed. I was ever sturdily opposed to granting franchise to women. Thes, men'al ajnd physical in equality of the majority of the fair ouee to record an intelligible vote, was, I considered, a barrier against. female -feufirage. I was consistent in my opposition to the Marriage with Deceased Wi(e's Sis/er bill, and argued eloquently against all woman's rights questions. I supported' the Exclusion of Aliens bill, and dehiVered impassionate speecheys^on the comipg Chinese and Japan ese invasion. Australia for the Australians was my motto. Ijfow could the noble Australian workmatf be expected to compete with imported blacls paupers who could live on the smell of the provei bial oil rag. The thing waB monstrous,' and a disgrace to the nineteenth century civilisation. I always argued strongly against the granting of state pensions, to ret'ired civil servants; and to my rural electors 1 promised more stringent laws jfor the destruction of mar supials, hares, liabbits, and-,noxious animals. Certainly, I would advocate the increase of bonuses in tfcalps. It seemed monstrous to me that a^'tax had not been levied on bicycles. Thfey were ruining horse breeding and increasing the farmers' struggles for existence, Joeing that they did not eat hay, corn, ?and oats. A'l cyclists riding at night without lamps and bells1 should be firmly dealt with by the municipalities. Imprisonment without the option and with mo respect 'to persons was not too strong a penalty. Eeader, I was an offending cyclist my self. Little I thought that a hypocrite's views would culminate bo tragically. ? f Part II. TE2KJNG THE READER HOW I WAS 'WAY- ' J LAID TiY GHOSTS. I had been Out holidaying on a cattle station at Wadbilliga, and had faithfully promised to return to my wife before day break next day, for sbe had made arrange ments to catch the boat atT ? at o a.m., and to spend some days with her relations in the country. In ber absence there was no one to mind the children and house except me. It was nearly midnight when I bade my host farewell. I had 66 miles to ride. In daylight this would be a comfortable 4J hours' journey : at night cvcliog is slightly different. I started. The first thing that impressed me was the Bolemn awfuluess of the midnight scene. Behind, the huge biack Monaro mountain frowned! Now and then the melancholy hoot of anigbt-owl, the sad tbrilliug scream of the curlew and tbhe sharp alarm of the plover, varied the exceptional stillness of the night. Not a cloud hid the twinkling of myriads of stare m the heavens, nor obstructed the pale bright light of the moon. I had ped dled along for some momenta througt the com paratively clear ' rung ' oountry, when 1 1 thought I heard a grating noise behind me, similar fco that whioh the revolving tyres ot my bicycle were making. I looked back, and in the distance, I saw an approaching cyclist. I slackened my pace, but the tra veller did not seem to draw near, so I shouted loudly, tl Good-night.' The words had scar cely articulated, when a voice whispered in my ear 'Did you call ?' I cast a glimpse eidewayB, and observed close by, a stout wbite female form in bloomers on a whit9 bicycle- I increased my speed io r some min utes, but still the ghostly silent thing kept1 with me. The terrific vace temporarily ex hausted me, so I eased up and as cool asmy' excitement would permit, I said ' Wbo-are * you?' ' Ho, ha, ha, ray fine politician,'' laughed the figure. 'Noble orator, at' diist we have caught you. Don't think to escape us ? you are too, too precicuis ; cowards and Amman fiends seldom havwiourage to travel at midnight ; ha, ha, hstfwbo &m; I ?,? well, 111 tetl you. Lockjawiisi my^nttmoi' Ma-- ceret Lockjaw, iD fact, ^large^t Lock faw, president of thtf ' Phantom' Whacd; womaT.'s Political /uffrage League^ of Kosciusko and Tannyngiirop. We have 3 ust fceen holding amasf meeting /hi Morfaro. ' Here she pointed with her touma- towar-ds the mountain*. 'In a moment, MrrPo'li tician, I'll introduce you to my bo, too* ho! Excuse my rmrth. No doubt tbev Will bo delightgfi to inake your ftoquaintaoce. Tbey are oil sjiton«.d dc baters on woman's rights, ha, ha, ha, and will be pleased to have a diecourae from yon. See, 6hey Expectantly I looked round, The huge black mountain was studded with figures moymg towards. «s£n huge military squads, and jdl rrtwe bicycles. Thinking to escepe them i bent my body, tightened the grip of my huudles and pedals, and rode swift as human ? Jemga ^er rode before. U the rear I could bear tth© wbirr of approaching revolving who _ Is. 1 shuddered, my blood froze in mi ' ve ins, , if,nd large beads of oold perspiration fell trow. my face on to the handlebars and saturated my cycling pants. The wretched figure at my side hling on to \my .wheel apparently without an effort. It kept up a continual chatter the purport of which I^did not hear, but now and then I canght phrases— 'Lords of creation,' ' Woman^s better-; half,' ' That superior instalment of humanity called man,' and so on... .The noise behind increased. Strange ghostly voices and hideous laughter filled the air. I looked again.- rOhj ,what:a horrible vS'ight. Just behind me I saw ia long procession of ghastly, grinning figures, each mounted on phantom cycles. 1'hey appeared to be all female forms. Thr^t|gi^t^ifV.tr'ao8par.ent bodies I c'!uld see the rowa ul circular ribs and other bones. ' 'Dome, noble friends, let me introduce you to the denouncer of woman's rights,' hoarsely whispered the first figure. Nexjfc instant the ghostly procession' - lined up, dozens abreast, beside, and ' behind -me. I then noticed that there was one male spook in thdt vast procession. He was a thin, painfully miserable looking specimen. 'This is my henpecked husband,' said the leader. 'In death I keep him for a curiosity as I kept him in life.' The poor wretch bowed his head and hid bis .face. 'Ha, ha, ha:' laughed the speotres in an uncanny and sickly chorus. ? 'These are the sterling members of our league,' said the form, again looking at me and waving its hand towards \ the white army. ' Friends, this is Mr. Politician-;' Thousands of filmy forms left their phantom bicycles, and with outstretched, aerial hands chey rushed towards me as if to embrace me. They sat and huddled them selves in all conceivable positions on my machine, smiling and gazing at me with their* glassy, expressionless eyee. Some danced on my revolving wheels and per formed' air sorts of gymnastic tricks. Their riderless bicycles kept on moving toe while. Then at a sign. from the leader they, with, multitudinous, piercing, ghostly voices ex olaimed, ' Happy to meet you, Mr. politician.' The unearthly noise deafened me, and the strange, weird sc9ne, that surely human eyes bad never gazed on be fore, momentarily stopped the beating of my neart. 1 looked to the skies, and raia- ' ing my hands to heaven criod with all my strength, ' My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me At the sound of my voice the figures shrieked, ' Ho, ho, bo, ha, ha, ha !' The noise was for all the world similar to the combined laughter of a million jackasses, or the.revelr'y of fibnds in Hades. My nerves collapsed, a sickly sen sation came over me. I reeled on my bicyole, and fell to the ground unconscious. Part III. ? TELLING THE READER HOW I ESCAPED. When I awoke I found myself in a sort of gigantic amphitheatre. Thousands upon thousands of bicycles, piled up in regular order, formed the long ciroular tiers of seats! On them, sat the Bpectres, closely squeezed together. Every few minutes fresh Armies cif them representing bird, beast, fish and man of all shapes and colours continued to arrive. I was the cenrre figure in the huge ring. I rose, rubbed my eyes, and under ..the vg^ze of, millions of fiendish eyes staggered towards my bicycle which was standing against a large rock some few yards away, intending, if possible, to make my etoap?. I reached the machine, but it was chained to the rock. Then I attempted to sit down, but; instead of sitting on the rock I sat through it, for it too was a spectre; My mistake caused much'; Amusement among ' the\ :midnight audience/ .By.an effoit of will i partially collected my scattered mental faculties and looked around. Oh, what ; an' unearthly . sight. Armies df cycling ghosts' continued1 to arrive. There wheeled in and arranged among the other spirits a detachment comr posed of Chinese, Japanese, Hindoos,' niggers, and coloured foreigners. Then came a procession of . my own Austra-1 lian couutrymen. I wondered why these had come to. torment me ! but when I re cognised amongst them hundreds of 'faces'/ of civil servants whom I had known ip ; life, I gUessed. The most sicko'nin^ sight of all was a mighty army of spectre animals all: oni bicycles — wallabies, kaugarous, bears, dingoes, cats, snakes, reptiles, possums, hares, rabbits, tiny mice, and birds. After arranging their bicycles ;the birds, silently 'flew infco' the trees' and perched in long rowfa 'on the limbs. The bears, cat?, 'possums, &c.; , climbed into the branches and sat in : the forks or whu'ever they could find a seat. 't The enakss and reptites wound their bodies round the limbs, aud protruded thoir sbar'p- tongues. They all stared vpnoinously at* me. The kangaroos, wallabies, and dogs sat with the other fieuds on the cycle tiers. I noticed th.*t each party seeaiod to bave a leader, and when the assembly had fairly settled themselves, the leaders advanced aud formed an inner circle round me. _ My bloomer friend, Mrs. Margaret uockjaw, was t}jo first to epeak. 'Hyocrite from the land of reality,'' sbo said, ' H»ve you anyr thing to Bay why you should not aio and become a spook.' A sarcastic smile passed over the features of the jury. I braced myself up, and faced my, audience boldiv, and addressed them : ' Spirit* ftf departed friends, allow me a word or two iii pxplanail -n. 'Hear; ^ear,'. hissod the shade of a big black'snake, whom I had accidentally cycled ever and killed the previous dav.' ' S| oak up/jso»R7f!' r»e^d a wild tiger cat. ' ' I see before we the RQb)e sb^ies of different bodies whom I hr.ve known in j life, Do not kill me, I implore you, kmd ! friends. Henceforth I renounce politics. Think of my little orphan children, of my 1 poor dear wife—' . - ? — ? ? ? ? ? ? , ' And. of .the wives, rights your politics I slaughtered.; of the murdered babe .called V Freedom, of speech,' said Mrs., iLockjaw.' Adeep groan issued from the spectre mouths. ' Let us chase him out of the country,' chorused a group of Chinese and Hindoos. '-vBeef off his scalp first,' said an old man kangaroo. ' Peck his eyes out and behead .him,', twitted a little sparrow. 'Don't think of his wife and children, let them starve,' remarked the shade of an ex-civil servant. ; ; 'Then the ghost of a dead cyolist came forwa^d slnd addressed them thus— :- Ladies and gontlomen, as we have decided that he is to die, suppose we have some tun. Give our guest,. $\un for his money.. Let's vwhebl him ov'er^the. 4 Devil's, Loap,'; break | the bones in his' b6dy and make a fjr'oken ribbed shade of him.' ' An excellent idea ; unlock the chain round his machine, let him have a fair start.' 'Carnal wretch, fiend enveloped ,in human flesh, go,' commanded Mrs. L tckjuw.' Next moment the whole place was in con fusion. The spectres each made towarus their bicycles. 1 mounted mine and wheeled \- away at express train speed. The hostly multitude chased me. I had no time to loi.k for the road but pedalled swiftly through the busb. Mud, sand, and elush flew into my eyes. I crossed mountains, I scorched down steep slopes, I rushed through deep rivers. Somehow or other no obstacle seemed an impossibility. The yells, curses, fiendish howls, and hellish laughter gradually diminished and died away behind me for the first welcome streaks of daylight were silently stealing over the distant horizon. Fiends, ghosts, and spirits only ' haunt the nights.' The writer had been eating Gorgongola cheese and pickles for supper. He rode among the creatures of his dream. . ; 