CHAPTER V,. - . ?.' The Spirit of Vnrder. ., Thé 'WÏngates drove In their own buggy to-Tho Chose, where they were met by Mr. Blackett'*! . pfjJicc-m'a^)",' by whom they were escorted over the groat house. H was a great house, in more ways than one; and Nettie, whose passion for things English was far greater than that cf which she had accused lier husband, walked about with clasped hands and head thrown back, uttering sighs and "ohs" and other senseless ejaculations, in a state of rapture tco profound fer words. The hall-the great hall,, at it was properly term ed-had been left almost exactly as it was in what Billy called his time, and was impressive enough for anything-especially in the dull light of a threatening storm which liad unexpectedly follow ed upon the bright morn i mg. It was not much unlike a church with a fireplace in it, and all the pews turned out. There was a screen like a rood screen at the lower end, dividing it from an outer vestibule; at the upper the massive staircase, down which Lexie had walked like a princess at her husband's side, branched into galleries running down the sides. The windows were mullioned . and filled with old glass, partly stained; the floor was of chequered stone, the roof a mass of oak beams, spreading fan-wise in all directions. From the latter-very high up and shadowed-hung banners, beautifully dilapidated. There were trophies of arms on the walls, genuinely mediae val; rows upon rows of family portraits, with au thentic dales to them, historic and notorious; heraldic insignia on every hand, indisputably tes tifying that the Desaillys were an ancient and a noble family. Altogether, there was a fine, solemn, feudal air about the place, calculated to awe a colonial seeing it fer the first time. Having been so lately used for the comiug-of age festivities, dust ami cobwebs were not con spicuous; but thc air struck cold and had a musty, mouldy taint, causing Nettie to cry "Pah!" and put a perfumed handkerchief to her nose. "It is the smell of murdered bodies," she de clared, shivering. "How do you know wdiat the smell of murdered bodies is like?" her husband asked her. "Oh! by instinct," she replied. "lt's the smell of old age,*' he said, sniffing and peering about him. "Powers*above! . It looks as if it might have been like this for a thousand years." .. They opened the shutters of the state drawing room, which had been used in Lexie's honor on the night Wingate so well remembered-a place of comfortless splendor such as may still be found in certain royal palaces which the changes of fifty years or so haye respectfully passed by. Here was desolation again. The floral carpet and much of the satiny furniture had been removed, and most of the precious ornaments; what were loft stood shrouded in bags of calico, bulging and shapeless. But the chandeliers, that weighed tons, and the cunning carved work of the sumptu ous ceiling and doorways, were exposed; so were the panels of tapestry said to be three hundred years old, and the famous pictures that carried history on their faces-faces of Vandyke ladies in their stately and beautiful Henrietta-Maria costumes; Lely ladies in flowing and formless dra peries, kept from flowing away altogether by a mere taper-fingered hand; Gainsboroughs, Sir Joshuas, Romneys, with huge heads and little scarves and fichus-Lexie's noble predecessors in that most select of county families. "Oh!" sighed Nettie Wingate, to all this for saken beauty, "what a drawing- room I could make of this! Billy, what do you say-?" But when they went upstairs she was afraid to repeat the suggestion. Here, where the rooms had not been opened for the coming-of-age guests, the utterly undomestic, deserted, haunted-house look of everything made the thought of the most ordinary Melbourne villa grateful. Anything like a home seemed inconceivable in that forlorn and fusty wilderness, where rats squeaked in daytime, and spiders' webs, drawn over the heavily-leaded windows, shut wholesome sunshine out. In every room carpets were rolled up, and only the heavy furniture left in place-except in that most inter esting room of all at the end of the west wing, idontified with Lexie in the past, and with the rope and candle in the present, the place of the mystery which it was the object of their expedi tion to solve. Here what carpet the moth had left still clung to the floor, and curtains of flower ed silk damask, that had been old and faded in her time, still depended from the canopy of Lexie's bed-a monumental structure of mahogany that must have been built where it stood-and from .the cornice spanning the bay of the big window, which almost filled one end of the room and was the only light in it. The great wardrobes and presses, tho bow- legged toilet table, with its oval mirror swinging between tall shafts, the sofa and the escritoire, the very mattress and pillows of the vast bed, with the satin quilt drawn ovor them-everything that she had used during hor brief occupancy of the apartment-seemed to have been left unaltered; and Billy lcoked at all with a full heart and eyes that his wife did not care to meet for a few minutes. The rooms that had been Walter's dressing-room and the nurser ies, adjoining each other in the passage outside, communicated with hers by or.e door t iny, the only c nc in the great rocm, c 'l'rehp:nding at thc one end to the only window at the other. The long sids walls were unbroken save by the chimney-piece, which was the usual massive structure, sixteenth century woodwork, with ornamentation reaching to the ceiling, the hearth wide and the shaft spacious, giving a far-off view of a disc of sky. The most casual inspection showed the impos sibility of any living thing, save birds, being harbored there. The floor, as Wingate had been informed, had been taken up in various places and put down again, the old carpet now hiding the scars; the window casements were fastened; and when he went along the wainscot, rapping sharply on every panel, and standing still to listen for the effect, the sound died immediately, with no hint of inward echo. "We've done that," the constable observed with a smile. "There's nothing there, slr. Solid as a rock." "What!" cried Wingate, "do you believe in gho'sts, too?" "No, sir; but I believe in the evidence of my senses. Those walls don't hide anything. I've proved it." They were lined from top to bottom with wood panelling, that had been painted white and gild ed in places, and was now soiled and tarnished. In five of the panels, three on one side and two . on the other, the latter flanking thc central chininey-piece, pictures were embedded as in fixed' frame's. They were so old that it was im possible to tell whether, as works of art, they were good or bad, for hardly an oiitllhe was visible under the. varnish, which seemed to ba many coats thick. Their blackened hues con trusted oddly with the white paint, suggesting that the latter was a recont innovation in thc chronology of the house, and probably hld Ur.! beautiful texture and color of old oak or other valuable wood. The visitors passed them over with a glance. "Well," said Wingate to the constable, "I" think that's all for the present. The placo h empty now, whatever it may ,have been last night; the windows are secure, and we will lock the door behind us safely. When we have had something lo cat, and gathered together a few things that, we may want, we will, return here, and stay in this room till morning. And if you will meet us with tho keys, and stnvre our watch, I shall be infinitely obliged to yon. . Of course, } I'll make it well worth your while.". : "Don't you think, sir," suggested the consta- j ble, "that it'd be as well for somebody to watch i outside as well as in? That fellow, with the rope, that you saw in the garden, wants attend ing to." "Certainly. I mean to keep a good look-out ' from the window. There will be a splendid moon if these clouds clear off. The fewer we are the better in a case of this sort. You don't catch fish if you make a splash in the water." "No, sir. But I think it's my business to look after the man rather than the ghost, if it's all the same to you." Wingate agree that a policeman must be al lowed to know his own business best, and had a shrewd suspicion that this particular policeimu would rather deal single-handed with fifty cor poreal thieves of the most desperate character than with one indeterminate spectre lighting its way about the deserted house with á harmless spectral candle. So it was arranged that he should patrol the garden, with a trusty friend for company, while husband and wife held the fort within. At six o'clock of a summer even ing the prospect had no terrors for the latter. She was delighted to have gained permission to share such a brave adventure. (To he continued.) ) 