THIRD DAY. The session of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church was resumed on Thursday week. The Moderator, the Rev. J. Ly≪, presided over a good atten dance. The Rev. W. GRAY presented an overture from Belalie "that the Moderator deliver no formal address on being elected to the chair, but when he conducts divine servico in the presence of the Assembly on retiring from the chair it shall bo optional for him to preach a sermon or deliver an address." lie argued that most of them felt that the rule in the past had not worked altogether satisfactorily, and there was double-banking that might be avoided. By not placing the obligation of delivering an address upon the Moderator considerable time would be saved, though ho bore testimony to the learned, able, and eloquent addresses which from time to time had been delivered. Considerable opposition was shown to the proposal, however, a-nd on the motion of Mr. HKETHEWAT, seconded by the Rev. A. C. SUTHERLAND, it was decided that the bverUne be not entertained. The Rev. W. GRAY sought information con cerning the meaning of the words " Laying on of the hands of the Presbytery," contained in .Fart III., chap. 2, rule 7, of Rules and Forms of Procedure. The explanation was given in a motion emanating from Dr. PATCW Thit all ministers and elders who are at the time members of the Presbytery have the right to take part in the act of ordination. The Rev. G. MATH EH, as convener for Ex amination of Records, reported that all records examined were correct, but that one of the minutes of the Belalie Presbytery was want ing. The Rev. W. GRAY explained to the satis faction of the Assembly that the meeting referred to lapsed for want of a quorum. The Rev. G. RAMAC.F. submitted the report of the Widows' and Orphans' Fund, stating that it was desirable, now that it had reached the position of an independent fund, to take steps towards securing an annual income. The committee suggested that a levy should be made on the ministers and congregation of the Church in a like sum to that arranged for in the Aged and Infirm Ministers' Fund, viz., 10s. per £100 stipend paid to ministers in each case. The interest on deposits for the year amounted to £28 14s. 7d., bringing the capital Hp to £(>36 13s. 7d. He moved That the report be adapted, the committee thooked for Its (Services during the year, and that the suggestions embodied In the report "be re mitted to the committee for theirconsiderafcioo, ' Adopted. The Rov. G. RAMAGE gave notice of motion- « That it Is desirattle in the best interests of the Cbunh, and with , a view to the satisfactory management of its business, that the clerk should inform tbe Convener of Committees of the especial duties that have bean laid upon them for the year by the Assembly. The Rev. H. T. Hoi.l reported that the committee in Union had held two meetings during the year and had answered several questions asked by the Convener of the Federal Assembly's Committee on Union. The scheme of union having been adopted by the Federal Assembly, and ordered to be transmitted to General Assemblies for adop tion or otherwise, the committee recommended that the scheme be adopted generally and transmitted to Presbyteries with the view of having the scheme generally accepted or re jected, it being understood that the Presby teries might make suggestions. Adopted. Dr. PA TON moved, and the Rev. A. 0. SUTHERLAND seconded That collections be mide in all Churches during tbe year on behalf of Home Missions on ' the second Sunday in August; Foreign Missions, . second Sunday in October; and Welfare of [ Faith Mission, seco'id Sunday in April; and that i ministers be instructed to direct the attention : of their congregations to theRe subjects on the | Sunday before, and on the daj s appointed for the collections. I Carried. ! At 2 o'clock the Assembly adjourned till 7.30 p. m. WOMEN'S MISSIONARY untox. ! At 3 o'clock tlio annual meeting of the Pre byterian Women's Missionary Union was held in the Flinders-street Lecture-hall. The Rev. J. Lyall prosided over an exceedingly large attendance. In opening the proceedings, the CHAIRMAN referred to the great work which the women of the Presbyterian Church had taken up, and the performance of which was the work of Christ, It was a matter for gratification that the Churches were awaken ing to the duties before them. Though he would not say that by the end of the world every one would be converted to Christ, he believed that in every part of tho world the glad tidings of our Saviour would be sung. He ' sometimes felt proud that a small Church like | themselves were able to support a mission of their own in the New Hebrides at an expendi I ture of about £300 per annum. They were in ! debted to tho members of the Presbyterian i Women's Missionary Society for valuable assistance, and he paid a high compliment to those engagedin helping the missions. It was I a most deserving work. i The Rov. R. MITCHELL seconded. Carried. | Mesdarnes Gardiner and SanderJands and | Misses Fleming, Congreve, and Kelly read ; encouraging reports from the branches at Flinders - street, Chalmers Church, St. I Andrew's, St. Giles's, Mount Pleasant, Clare, ; Jamestown, and Mount Barker Churches. A collection resulted in £2 10s. being received. Miss Keet,y delivered an exceedingly inte resting; and touching address upon the work of the missionaries in India, dealing particularly with Furreedpore and Pubmah. She recounted tho difficulties experienced in teaching the Gospel to such an immense number of paople -about a million and a half-and pointing out the impossibility of such a handful ot mis sionaries in reaching more than a few. Dr. and Mrs. Hope (Dr. Fowler) were amongst them, and she illustrated the valuable help received from the South Australian representatives. It was her intention to return to India shortly with other Tasmanian workers in the grand cause of enlightening the heathen. home irrssroN-. The Rov. Dr. PAT<w submitted the rcnort of the Homo Mission Committee, from which | the following is taken : The two cfiief functions of the committee have ; hfien making arrangements for the supply of ordinances in vacant. charges and strengthening as far as possible the Churches that are weak. The existing vacancies are Port Augusta, Smithfielrl, Golden Grovo, Goodwoo-.l, and Wallaroo. Of these i Wallaroo has but recently COTS under the com mittee's care, and that owing to tho resignation of the late pastor, tho Rev. W. Tassie. On the other hand, Mount 8 irkerand SnaUlinga.n d Koolunga.have both been fillnd up since last annual meeting by the induction of the R«;v. J. G. Mather and the Rev, H. J. Lambert respectively. The remoteness of Port Augusta would in ordinary circumstances make it difficult of supply, V.ut the committee and the whole Chur. h are under great obligations to one of our el.lers there, Mr. J. ffoldsworth, who has, a'ni>st single-handed, succeeded in maintain ing the ordinances of public worship ungrudg ingly, and with great acceptance. They were advised also that before very long Goodwood and Wallaroo may he in a position to secure a minister of their own again, whilst there is at least sowi prospect of a more satisfactory arrangement for Smith field and Golden Grove. Mr. J. Beith Wilson, B.A.. of Adelaide University, has just passed his entrance examination for Ormond College with success, and, according to agree«9nt, the committee aiv. responsible for his fees while in residence there. The following sums have been allocated by tho committee during the yearIn aid of Port Augusta and Golden Grove sunpiy, Cx 10s. and £15 n«. respectively; Monarto, .£'20; Smith of Punesk Mission, £.'.0. Congrega tional contributions for the year amount to £35 0s. lod. j Dr. PATONt moved That til-*. Assembly approve the report; thank I God for every token of encouragement during the i year; acknowledge the issiduity of the committee ! and the opportune assistance of many friends; urge I the claims of the home missions on the liberality and \ commend their objects to the prayers of the psoplo of our several congregations. On the motion of the Rev. W. B. Miln'E, seconded by Mr. Hot-dsworth, the report was adopted. SMITH OF DUNF.KK MISSION1. The Rev. W. GrfAf presented tho statement prepared by the Rev. Ft. Mitchell concerning the Smith of Dnnesk Mission, from which the following is a brief extract: The distance covered by trip, 3,0!>0 miles; by tra+ri, 3.'.'82 miles; visits, 1,170: addresses, G7; bap tisms, 27: marriages, 4: funerals, 2. Services ha"e been conducted at pastoral stations to the number of Vr>; services in to vnships.S); the remainder have been held at railway cottages, 'wundary-riders" huts, prospectors' camps, coalminers* camo, Government artesian bores, and shearing shed*. Taking the average for the year, it will lw seen that a service has been conducted a little over fiv> nights of every week. Of the numbers present at these meetings no record has bfceri kept, but it is fair to state that in the large majority of-instances a thoronghly representative audience baa assembled At one diet of worship the entire congregation consisted of one man, whilst On other occasions there hare been thirty, forty, fifty, seventy, and up t»> 130. The highest register is reached on the shearing trip, when the worship pers are chiefly men. As far as the season of the year and the state of the country wonUl allow, our energies have been pretty equally divided between the baekwoodlanders and the villagers. This result is mainly due to the generosity of station Mana gers. Feed being so scirce in many of the districts, onr horses wonld have given op travel, and the ghost, too, but for the chaff gratuitously supnliei. TheTcinrtness shown to oar faithful steeds has been extended to ourselves. Everywhere and by every body we have received genai&e; hospitality. In referring to the work the Rev, R. MrrcHELT, gave an adjfress upon his ex periences. _ He had areception on returning, in January last, ttr Boltana, when the thermometer registered 121° in the shade' at 3 o'clock in the afternoon. The great heat of the Far North was fortunately varied by occasional short rainstorms, which caused the grass to grow surprisingly quickly; and were it not for this he did not know bow any of the cattle would have survived during the terrible drought. The last few years had been a most anxious time, and he ventured to predict that if their mission sur vived this drought it would survive anything. No idea could be formed by those not acquainted with the country of the true posi tion of affaire. Many 'of the stations had bsen almost swept, whilst the majority had only a third of their sheep left. At one station where they had 3,000 sheep after shearing there were now only sixty-three alive to carry on with. In these circumstancos it was not fair to expect much financial suppo-t from statiori-ov/nors, and where in better times he had to acknowledge strong support there was now nothing to give but sympathy. From a spiritual stand point, he would say this was the kind of de pression that drove some people away from God. It hardened the people; they wanted to know-Why this visitation? He heard one owner remark, however, that God could have had nothing to do with that run, or he would have made a better job of it. It was acknowledged by the oldest stockowners that with all its devastations the drought of thirty years ago was mild compared to this. They tried to visit as often as possible the boundary-riders and cottagers along the railway-line. It was nice to go to " Government House" and have a man to take your horse out, and be shown into the best room, but it was nicer to go out to the poor fellows at the boundaries, and cheer them up with the word of God. They had to travel at times ten and twelve hours a day, and it was wonderful how a soft seat got hard after a few hours' driving. (Laughter.) Drink was the master passion of Northern life, and an amount of strategy was necessary to cope with the evil. The cook and the storekeeper were the "big" men on stations, and providing one got on the right side of these gentlemen a great difficulty was out of the way. He re lated several amusing anecdotes anent the dodtres resorted to by shearers to avoid the parson, but he generally managed to ferret them out to attend his meetings, with often good results. One thing he could say, that whore in the past literature dealing with atheists I and other unprofitable subjects abounded, its place was now taken by books of a higher calibre. They, of course, had to take things pretty much on trial, but they had hud great encouragement, and were at the point where there was a great chance of going rapidly ahead. Children had received a lot of attention, and at Bel tana, Leigh's Creek, and numerous other places there was al ,vay.« testi mony of the good effect of their mission. (Cheers.) In securing the children they were hopeful of getting the parents they repre sented. (Hear, hear.) The character of the missionary's work was various. ^'Teeth pulling was one of the latest professions he had taken up, and he was becoming quite an expert. (Laughter.) From flooring a house to dressing the baby | and prescribing medicine for old and young, to endless other odd jobs, fell to his lot. However, so long as he was con vinced that some good was being done-that lives were made brighter by their work-ho was satisfied to go on. When the Lord sent them rain the travelling would be easier, and the cloud of depression would bo lifted from the whole land, thereby making their work easier. (Cheers.) The report was adopted and the Assembly adjourned till next morning. 