%ttattb ]$)nmoi. Maud— 'What is tho height of your ambition, dear?' Marie (blushing)— 'Oh, something between five and a half and bik feet.' New Woman— 'I need & change. The doctor Bays my life is too monotonous. I need excitement.' Husband — ''Try staying at home.' Teacher— ' What does the reign of King Charles I. teach us?' Tommy—' Please, sir, not to lose our heads in moments of excite ment, eir.' Pompous Counsel — 'Understand me, eir, I have been tlie means of sending many a man to prison.' Subdued Client— 'Were you for the defence ?' Judge— 'Colonel, I understand you are acquainted with warfare in all its forms V' Colonel — 'No, Judge— no; .not in all of its forms. I'm a bachelor.' Fish Merchant — 'You want a situation as a herring-packer ? Have you had any expe rience?' Applicant— 'Yes, sir; for two years I was conductor on a tramcar.' Tho Visitor (viewing the new baby) — 'Do vou think he is going to resemble his father?' The Mother — '1 shouldn't be surprised. He keeps me up every night.' 'Pa, what is your 'busy day V' 'Well, happy urchin, it is when I stay at home to rest, and your mother gets me to do a few little odd job around tho house.' Farmer's Wife— 'Why don't you go to work ?'? Tramp— 'I would if I had the tools.' Farmer's Wife— 'What sort of tools do you want ?' Tramp— ' Knife and fork.' Mrs. Henpeok (reading)— ' Here's a poor fellow arrested for manslaughter the day before he was going to be married.' Mr. H. — ' Well, some fellows are born lucky.' Crusty Old Chap— 'A couple of poached eggs on toast, please ; but — mind, they must be fresh.' Waiter— 'Certainly. 'We'll make the toast first and get the hens to lay the eggs on the toast.' Husband — ' I suppose Mrs. Brown enjoyed her trip on the Continent?' Wife— 'Very much ; but she's delighted to be home again.' Husband— 'No doubt. This is the place to talk about it.' Bobbie — 'Mother, were all the bad men destroyed by the Flood?' Mother— 'Ycb, my son.' Bobbie (who has just received a whipping from his father)—' When is there going to be another flood 1' Hobbs (to friend in restaurant) — 'I say, Nobba, how's business?' Nobbs — 'Great. Never Baw such a rush. No time to sleep, and even behind in meals. That was day before yesterday's lunch I just finished.' Curate— 'How is your husband, Mrs. Ballyhooley ?'' Mrs. B. — 'Oolione, the doc thor ha saya that if Pathrick lives till the morning there'll be some hope ; but if he don't, then sure we must jist give up hope.' ' After that,' remarked the young man who had been telling an inane ghost story, 'my mind -was a blank.'' 'That accounts for it,' commented a sharp young woman, and there was au interregnum of profound silence. That was a triumphant appeal to an Irish lover of antiquity who, in arguing the supe riority of the old architecture over the new, said — ' Where will you find any modern build ing that has lasted so long as the ancient V Jinks — 'I never saw a house where every thing ran so smoothly as at Broadgrin's.' Minks — 'Yes; lucky fellow, Broadgrin. He's got a wife who knows how to keep the servants amused while she does all the work.' Tommy — 'What does the paper mean, papa, by saying that Mr. Tomlinson bore tho loss of his handsome property by fire very phi losophically?' Tommy's Pa— 'Umph! it means that he was insured for more than its value.' Professor — 'Do you know, madam, there was a time when men wore corsets, but they found they were injurious to health, and bo ? ' Mrs. Wrongrighter — 'Yes. And eo they gave them to their poor, weak, help less wives and daughters.' Littlo Boy (writing composition)— 'I want to use that saying that's in our copybooks, but I can't remember it all — ' Man glories in his strength, woman glories in ? ' What's thereat, I wonder?' Little Girl— 'Let me see. l Woman glories in her — her hat.'1 Pedantic Old Gentleman (to restaurant waiter) — 'I believe it is improper to speak dis espoctfully of one's elders?' Restaurant Waiter— 'So I've heard, sir.' Pedantic Old Gentleman — 'Then I'll be Bilent concerning he duckling you have just brought me.' Professor (describing an ancient Greek theatre)— 'And it had no roof.' Junior (feel ing sure that he has caught the professor in a mistake,) — ' What did they do, sir, when it rained?' Professor (taking off his classes and pausing angrily)— ' They got wet, sir.' ' It seems to me, Maria, that we've had nothing but ham, ham, ham for breakfast all this week,' remarked ' Mr. Brently. ^ ' You forget another thing we've had, Robert,' re plied his better-half quiets ; 'we've had giowl, growl, growl for breakfast every day,' too.' A friend called on a worthy divine, who had been offered a bishopic. The daughter of the house met him at the door. ' Is your father going to accept it?' he enquired. 'Well,' the young lady replied demurely, ' father is prav lng for guidance in the library. Mother is packing upstairs.' Tbe old man sighed as he took tbe golden haired laughing little boy upon_ his knee and stroking his shining tresses, said — 'Ah, how much I should like to feel like a child again.' Little Johnny ceased his laughter, and looking up in^his grandfather's face remarked— ' Then why don't you get mamma to spank you?' Visitor — 'I'd like to get you to take the agency for our anti-tobacco preparation. It is warranted to cure the taste for tobacco in every form.' Dealer— 'But my business is to sell tobacco in every form. Can't you see this is a cigar shop?' _ Visitor— ' Exactly. You come in contact with the very people who need our specific.' Editor—' No, my dear sir. As a posthu mous poem these verses would be good ; but I do not see my way clear to publishing them juBt now.' Poet— 'But what advantage would it bo to me to have them published after my death?' Editor — 'I cannot say, my dear sir. But a posthumous poem is especially valuable in the fact that it assures the reader that no more will be written by the same author.' At a Turkish bath, in Paris, a visitor patiently submitted to the various operations of rubbing, kneading, and pommelling com-, prised in the treatment. When the shampoo was over the attendant dried him with a towel, - after whioh fie dealt the patient three heavy and sonorous blows with the flat of the hand. 'Q-reat , heavens 1' the Victim ejaculated,; 'what did yon Btrike -me for V ? -' Ah ?! : riion- eieur, don't let that trouble you,' was the reply, - M it was only to let tbe other man know that I bayo done' with you, and that he is to send me ; the '; next customer. You see 'we haveji'ta fctejlin tWa, wom.w^ , .-__; ?',.,?? ??;, ;_? \\-.d 