AStOUNDING LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA CURE. DOCTORS PRONOUNCE!) CASK HOPE LESS. HELD TO BE SO BY MEDICAL MEN THE WORLD OVER. A PROMINENT SYDNEY M.L.A. BEARS TESTIMONY. (From tha "Australian Workman-") ' Our representative made hla way tha home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lane. Ultimo. Mr Jarvis Is one of the best known residents of that thickly populated suburb. He was discovered nursing a baby, and his faro declared him to he qqo of tho happiest men lu Sydney. In reply to tho preliminary questions, ho said: "You want to know all nbout my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may bo of value to those who aro stricken on I was." "How long were you suffering?" "About fivo and a butf years ago I mot with an accident; 1 was badly Maided while taking a bath lu Pitt street, Sydney. From the date of the accident tny health began to fall, and after four years of gradual development of Locomotor Ataxia. I was forced to gtvu up ray billet at' the Glcbo Island." "What wpre the symptoms?" "Simply Indescribable. Tho pains were something terrible.. They wero for ail the world llko aa If a saw wero cutting my bones In two In every part of mc. J had no control over tny bowels or bladder, and was a nuis ance to myself and everyone else. I was In- crasuutly shivering and shaking, nud could neither eat nor sleep. I saw a well-known doctor, and ho told mo that uty case wa ut terly hopeless. "I came homo and went tu bed, and havo been in bod pretty well ever slnco. A few weeks ago I could not walk acmes tho floor; In fact. J could not get out of bod.-! felt then that It 'was all over with mc. and ouly a question of-days-whtm t woukl givo up the ghost. My doctor waa alteodlog me, and did all ho could, by opium and morphia pills, to easo tho agony I was lu. I was under him for flvt or alt weeks. He camo to the con clusion that I was suffering from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressive locomotor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difllculty in co-ordinating voluntary movcmenlk. Ho told mo that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get tho uso uf my Jogs." (Just then tho patient kicked his legs about with energy, to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) "Well, Just as a drowulng man will grasp ut a straw, I grasped at au Idea conveyed by tho advertisement describing tho euro effected In the ease of nnother boiler- maker lu England, which I read In the 'Aus tralian Workman.' by I)r. Williams' Pink I Ilia for Palo People. I rrad In tho adver tisement of a case which seemed to fit ray own. I detcrmlnw! to glvo Dr. Williams' Pink Pllix a trial, anyway, and sent for a box. The effect waa magical. I was ablo to cat ami sleep ss though nothlug was tho matter with mo. It waa tho first appctito and- rest I had for many a day. It waa Incredible. I Im mediately left tho bed. aud wu nblo to tnovo about. When taking the fifth box, 1 wan able lo walk about with tho aid of a stick, nnd waa gradually but surely recovering tny former vigor and vitality. You so© alios© crutches there? They nre perfectly now, and I have never used them. They wero mado for uiu befor I got Uio Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now i dou't want them." -Mrs Jarvis, who had come In and taken tho baby en her knees, said Dr. Williams' Pink .."av<sl h,< and mado another man of A friend who called In at tills point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day thau he did a short Umo back. "I can now." continued Jarvis, "havo n cold bath, and all the feeling hat come back In my legs. 1 expect shortly to rcsumo work as a bolli-rraakcr, and you know 1 havo to bo In the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than 1 havo been at any time during Vie past flvo years, I ascribe all tho change and benefit to these rink Pills. They have saved my life. I am In no pad now whatever, and feel like a now innu. On tho manlloplece there I u box of Opium nnd Mor phia Pills which tho doctor gnvo mo to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them, Evorybody who knows mo has been amazed at tho change In me. They can hardly bellcvo their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensa tion out here." 