THE STORYTELLEB Cumner's Son. By Gilbeet Paekee. CHAPTER I. THE CHOOSING OF THE ME6SEXGEE. There was trouble at Mandakan. You could not have guessed it from anything' the eye could see. In front of the Residency two soldiers marched up and down sleepily, mechanically, be tween two ten-pounders which marked the limit of iheir patrol, and an orderly stood at the open door of the house, lazily shifting: his eyes from the sentinels to the black guns, which sent out soft, quivering waves of heat, as a wheel, in swift mo tion, throws off delicate spray. A hundred yards away the 6ea spread out, languid and huge. It was undertinged with all the colours of a reorn ing sunrise over Mount Bobar, which, not far away, lilted up its somnolent and massive head into the Eastern sky. ' League-long rollers ' came in as steady as columns of infantry, with white streamers flying along the line, and, hover ing a moment, split, and ran on the shore in a crumbling foam, like myriads of white mice hurrying up the sand. A little cloud of tobacco smokecfime curling out of thedoorof the Residency. It was sniffed up by the orderly whose pipe was in barracks, and must lie there untouched until evening at least, for he had The Cunmer's Son's peril was upon him. Be put spurs to the sorrel. As he did so, dark figures sprang up on all sides ; without a word he drove the excited horse at his assailants.— Chapter II. stood at this door since 7 that morning, waiting orders, and he knew by the look on Colonel Cum ner's face that he might be there till to morrow. But the ordinary spectator could not have noticed any difference in the general appearance of things. All was .juiet, too, in the little native city. At the doorways the worker in brass and. silver hammered away away at his metal— a sleepy, musical assonance ; the naked seller of sweetmeats went by calling his wares in a gentle, unassertive voice ; in dark doorways ?worn-eyed women and men gossiped in voiceB scarce above a whisper ; and brown children fondled each other or, laughing noiselessly, lay asleep on rugs that would be costly elsewhere. In the bazaars no thing was selling, and no man did anything but mumble or eat, save the few scholars who, cross legged on their mats, read and laboured towards Nirvana. Priests in their yellow robe6 and bare shoulder went by oblivious of all things. Yet. too, the keen observer could have seen gathered into shaded corners here and there, a few dark-faced, low-voiced men talking secretly to each other. They were not the ordinary gos sipers ; in the faces of some were the marks of furtive design, of others malicious suggestion. Yet it was all so deadly still. The gayest, cheerieBt person in Mandakan was Colonel Cumner's son. Down at the opal beach, under a palm-tree, he eat, telling stories of bis pranks at college to Boonda Broke, the half- bred son of a Dakoon who had ruled in the State of Mandakan when first the English came. The saddest person in Mandakan was the Dakoon, in in his palace by the fountain of the Sweet Waters, which was guarded by four sacred war riors in stone and four brown men armed with the naked kris. The Dakoim was dying, though not a score of people in the city knew it. He had drunk of the fountain of Sweet Waters, also of the well that is by Baibar ; he had eaten of the sweetmeat called the Flower of Bambaba, his chosen priests had prayed, and his favourite wife had lain all day and all night at the door of his room, pouring out her soul ; but nothing came of it. Boonda Broke was showing Cumner's son how to throw a kris towards one object and make it hit auother. He gave an illustration by aiming at a palm-tree and sticking a pat-sing dog behind the shoulder. It belonged to Cumner'6 son. and the lad's face suddenly blazed with anger. He ran to the dog, which had silently collapsed like a punc tured bag of silk, drew out the kris, and turned excitedly towards Boonda Broke, whose cool, placid eyes met his without any sort of emotion. ' You knew that was my dog ' said the youth briskly in English, ' and — and I tell you what, sir, I've had enough of you. A man that'd hit a dog like that would hit a man the same way.' He was ttanding with the crimson kris in his hand above the dog. His passion was frank, vigorous, and natural. Boonda Broke smile 1 passively. ' You mean, could hit a man the same way, honoured lord.' ' I mean exactly what I said,' answered the lad, and he swung on his heel. But presently he turned again, as if with a wish to give his em my the benefit of any doubt. Though Boonda Broke was smiling, the lad's face flushed again with anger, for the man's real character had been re vealed to him on the instant, and he was yet in the indignant warmth of the new experience. If he had known that Bconda Broke had cultivated his friendship for months to worm out of him all the secrets of the Residency, there might have been a more serious and immediate conclusion to the incident, for the lad was fiery, and he had no fear in his heart ; he was combative, hightem pered, and daring. Boonda Broke had learned no secrets of him, had been met by an unconscious but steady resistance, and at length his patience had given way in spite of himself. He had white blood in his veins— fighting Irish blood — which sometimes overcame his smooth, Oriental secre tiveness and cautious duplicity ; and this was one of those occasions. He had flung the knife at the dog with a wish in his heart that it was Cum ner's son in&tead.; As he stood looking after the young man, he said between his teeth with a great hatred, though his face Bhowed no change : . ' English dog, thou tfialt be dead like thy brother there when I am Dakoon of Mandakan.' At this moment he saw hurrying towards him one of those natives who a little while before had been in close and furtive talk in the Bazaar. Meanwhile the little cloud of smoke kept curl ing out of the Governor's door, and the orderly could catch the fitful murmur of talk that fol lowed it. Presently rifle shots rang out some where. [n6tantly a tall, broad-shouldered figure, in white undress uniform, appeared in the door way and spoke quickly to the orderly. In a mo ment two troopers were galloping out of the Resi dency Square and into the city. Before two minutes had passed one had ridden back to the orderly, who reported to the Colonel th;it the Da koon had commanded the shooting of five men of the tribe of the outlaw hill-chief, Pango Dooni, against the rear wall of the palace, where the Da koon might look from his window and see the deed. The Colonel sat up eagerly in his chair, then brought his knuckles down smartly on the table. He looked the three men nho sat with him in the eyes. ' That clinches it,' said he. ' One of those fellows was Pango Dooni's nephew, another was his wife's brother. It's the only thing to do ; someone must go to Pango Dooni, tell him the truth, and ask him to come down and save us, and sit up there in the Dakoon's place. He'll stand by us. and by England.' No one answered at first. Every face was gloomy. At last a grey-haired captain of the ar tillery spoke his mind in broken sentences : — ' Never do — have to ride through half-a-dozen sneaking tribes — Pango Dooni, rank robber — steal like a barrack cat — besides, no man could get there. Better stay where we are and fight it out till help comes.' ' Help ! ' said Cumner bitterly. ' We might wait six months before a man-of-war put in. The danger is a matter of hours. Fifty men and a score of niggers — what would that amount to with thirty thousand natives F ' ' Pango Dooni is as likely to butcher as as the Dakoon ! ' eaid M'Dermot, the captain of ar tillery. Every man in the garrison had killed at least one of Pango Dooni's men, and every man of them was known from the Kimar Gate to the Neck of Baroob, where Pango Dooni lived. The Colonel Avas not to be moved. ' I'd ride the ninety miles myself, if my place weren't here — no, don't think I doubt you, for I know you all ! But consider the nest of murderers that'll be let loose here when the Dakoon dies. Better a strong robber with a ttrcng robber's honour to perch there in the palace than Boonda Broke and his cut- throats ? ' ' Honour — honour — Pango Dooni ! ' broke out M'Dermot scornfully. ' I know the man,' said the Governor gruffly ; '* I know the man, I tell you. and I'd take his word for a thousand pounds, or a thousand head of cattle. Is there any of you will lide to the Neck of Baroob for me— for one it must be, aud no more — we can spare scarce that, God knows r ' he added sadly. ' The women and children ? ' ' I will go,' said a voice behind them all ; and Cumner's son stepped forward. ' I will go if I may ride the big forrel from the Dakoon's ptud.' The Colonel swung round in his chair imd stnred mutely at the lad. He was only eighteeu years old, and of good stature, well-knit, and straight as a sapling. Seeing that no one answered him, but sat and stared incredulously, he laughed a littie, frankly and boyishly. ' The kris of Boonda Broke is for the hearts of every one of us,' said he. ' He may throw it soon— to-night, to-morrow. No man can leave here — all am needed ; but a boy can ride, he is light in the Kiddle and he may pass where a man would be caught in a rain of bullets. I have rid den the sorrel of the Dakoon often ; ho has pressed it on me ; I will go to the master of his stud, and I will ride to the Neck of Baroob ! ' ' No, no,' said one after the other, getting to his feet, ' I will go.' The Governor waved them down. ' The lad is right,' said he, and he looked him closely and proudly in the eyes. ' By the mercy of God, you shall ride the ride,' said he. ' Once when Pango Dooni was in the city, iu disguise. aye, even in the Garden of the Dukoon, the night of the Dance of the Yellow Fire, I myself helped him to escape; for I stand for a fearless robber before a cowardly saint.' His grey moustache and eyebrows bristled with energy, as he added, ' The lad shall go. He shall carry in his breast the bracelet with the red stone that Pango Dooni gave me. On the stone is written the countersign that all hillsmenheed, and the tribe-call I know also .' ' ' The danger, the danger — and the lad so young ! ' said M'Dermot ; but his eyes rested lovingly on the boy, too. The Colonel threw up his head in anger. ' If I, his father, can let him go, why should you prattle like women ? The lad is my son, and he shall win his spurs — and more, and more, maybe,' he added. Ho took from his pocket I'augo Dooni's gift, and gave it to the lad, and three times he whis pered the tribe call and the countersign in his ear that he might know them. The lad repeated them three times and, with his finger, traced the coun tersign upon the stone. That night he rode silently out of the Dakoou's palac2-yard by a quiet gateway, and came, by a roundabout way to a point near the Residency. He halted under a great flame-tree, and a man came out of the darkness and laid a hand upon his knee. ' Ride straight and swift from the Kimar Gate. Pause by the Koongat Bridge an hour, rest three hours at the Bar of Balmud, and pause agaiu where the roof of the Brown Hermit drums to the sorrel's hoofs. Ride for the sake of the women and children and for your own honour. Ride like a Cumner, lad ! ' ' The k£t sound of the sorrel's hoofs upon the red dust beat in the Colonel's ears all night long as he sat waiting for news from the Palace, the sentinels walking up and down, the orderly at the door, and Boonda Broke plotting in the town. CHAPTER II. ' EEST AT THE KOONGAT BEIDGE AN 1IOTJE.' There wns no moon, and but few stars were shining. When he first set out from Mandakan I e could fcarccly see at all, and be kept his way through the native villages more by instinct than by sight. As time passed he saw more clearly ; he could make out the figures of natives lying under trees, or rising from their mate to note the flying horseman. Lights flickered here and there in the houses and by the roadside. A late traveller turned a cake in the ashes, or stirred some rice in a calabash, an anxious mother put [Continued on page 1148.) Same sandal wood oil the coals and added incense that the gods might be good to the ailing child on the mat i and thrice, at forges in the village, he saw the smith languidly beating iron into shape, While dark figures sat on the floor near by and stnoked cigarettes and murmured to each other. These last showed most alertness of all at the Bound of the dying sorrel's hoofr, and once a tall, keen-eyed horseman sprang to the broad doorway (the smithy was open at all sides) and strained hi6 eyes into the night after Cumner'e Son. He waited a few moments ; then all at once he ran to a horse tethered near by and vaulted into the saddle. At a word his chestnut mare got away at a telling stride in pursuit of the unknown rider, passing up the Gap of Mandakan like a ghost. Cumner's Son had a start by about half a mile, but Tang-a-Dahit rode a mare that had once belonged to Pango Dooni, and Pango Dooni had got her from Colonel Cumner the night he escaped from Mandakan. For this mare the hill- chief had returned no gift, save the gold bracelet which Cumner's Son now carried in his belt. The mare leaned low on her bit, and travelled like a thirsty hound to water, the sorrel tugged at the snaffle, and went like a bulmooee hurrying to his herd= — That long low gallop that can tire The hounds' deep hate of hunter's StSi The pace was with the sorrel. Cumner' s Son had not looked behind after the first few miles. For then he had given up thought that be might be followed. He sat in his saddle like a plains man, he listened like a hillsman, he endured like an Arab water-carrier. There wa6 not an ounce of useless flesh on his body, aud every limb, bone, and Binew had been stretched and hardened by riding with the Dakuon's horsemen; b'y travelling through tbe jungle for the tiger and the panther, by throwing the kris with Boonda Broke, fencing with McDermot, and by sabre- practice with red* beaded SergeaDt Conlan in the barracks by the Residency Square. After twenty miles' ride he was dry as a bone, after thirty his skin was moist but not damp, and there was not a drop of sweat on the skin-leather of his fatigue cap. When he got to £oongat Bridge he was like a racer after practice; ready for a fight from start to finish. Yet he was nofc foolhardy. He knew the danger that beset him, for he could not tell, in the crisis come to Mandakan, what designs might be abroad. He now saw through Boonda Broke's friendship for him, and he only found peace for his mind upon the point by remembering that he had told no secrets, and had given no informa tion of any use to the enemies of the Dakoon or to the enemies of the English. On this hot, long, silent ride he looked back carefully, but he could not see where he had been to blame, and if he were he hoped to strike a balance with his own conscience for having been friendly to Boonda Broke, and to justify himself in his father's eyes. If he came through all right, then ' the Governor ' — as he called his father with tbe friendly affection of a good cotn tade, and all others in Mandakan called him because of his position — the Governor then would say that whatever harm he had done indirectly was now undone: He got down at the Koongat Bridge, and his fingers were still in the sorrel's mane when he heard the call of a bittern from the river bank. He did not loose his fingers, but stood still and listened intently, for there was scarcely a sound of the plain, the river, or jungle he did not know, and his ear was keen to distinguish be tween the false note and the true. He waited to hear the sound again, from that first call he could not be sure which had startled him — the night was so still — the voice of a bird or the call between mm lying in ambush. He tried the trigger of his pistol softly and prepared to mount. As be did so the call rang out across the water again, a little louder, a little longer. Now he was sure. It was not from a bittern, but a human voice, of whose tribe be knew not — Pango Doom's, Boonda Broke'e, the Dakoon's, or the segments of peoples that belonged to none of these, highway robbers, cattle- stealers, or the men of the jungle — those men as wild and secret as tbe animals of the jungle, and more cruel and more f urtive. The fear of the ambushed thing is the worst fear of this world — the sword or the rifle-barrel you cannot see ; and the poisoned wooden spear which the men of the jungle throw gives a man ten deaths instead of one. Oumner's Son mounted quickly, straining his eyes to see, aud keeping his pisiol cocked. When he heard the call a second time, he had for a moment a thrill of fear ; not in his body, but in his brain. He had that fatal gift imagination, which is more alive than flesh and bone, stronger than iron and steel. In his mind he saw a hundred men rise up from ambush, surround him, and cut him down. He saw himself firing a half dozen shots, then drawing his sword and fighting till he fell ; but he did fall in the end, and there was an end of it. It seemed like years while these thoughts passed through his mind, but it was no longer than it tooi to gather the snaffle rein close to the sorrel's neck, draw his sword, ' clinch it in his left hand with the rein, and gather the pistol snugly in his right. He listened again. There was no noise ahead of him, but as he touched the sorrel with bis knee he thought he heard a sound ahead. The sorrel started forward, but sniffed tho air, and threw up his head. His feet struck the re sounding1 timbers of the bridge, and as they did so he shied ; but Cumner's Son, looking down sharply, could see nothing to either the right or left : no movement anywhere, save the dim trees on the banks, waving in the light wind which had risen. A crocodile slipped off a log into the water — he knew that 6ound ; a rank odour came from the river bank — he knew the smell of the hippopotamus. These very, things gave him new courage. Since he came ftoin Eton to Mandakan he had hunted often and well, and once he had helped to quarry the Little Men of the jungle when tbuey carried eff the wife and daughter of a soldier of tiw Dakoon. The smell and the sound of wild life roused all the hunter in him. He had fear no longer ; the primitive emotion of fighting or self preservation was alive in himi He had left the bridge bebini by twioe the horse's length, when, all at once, the call of tbe ted bittern rang out the third time louder than before i then again j and then the cry of a grey wolf came in response. Hi6 peril was upon him. He put spurs to the sorrel. As he did so dark figures sprang up on all sides of him. 'Without a word he drove the excited horse at his assailants. Three caught his bridle rein, and others snatched at him to draw him from his horse. ' Hands off ! ' he said, in the language of Mandakan, and levelled his pistol. ' He is English ! ' said a voice. ' Cut him down 1 ' ' I am the Governor's son,' said the lad. ' Let go.' ' Out him down,' said the voice again. He fired twice quickly. Then he remembered, aud for the first time, the tribe-call given his father by Fango Dooni. Ris ing in his saddle and firing again, he called it out in a loud voice. His plunging horse had broken himself free from two of the mnrderers, but one still held on, and he slashed the hand free with his eword. The natives were made f uriouB by the call, and came on again, striking at him with their krisses. He shouted the tribe-call once more, but this time it was done mechanically. There was no response in front of him ; it came from behind.- There was clattering of hoofs on Koongat Bridge, and the password of the clan came back to the lad, even as a kris struck him in the leg and drew out again. Once again he called, and suddenly a horseman appeared beside him, who clove through a native's head with a broadsword, and with a pistol fired at the fleeing figures ; for Boonda Broke's men who were thus infesting the highway up to Koongat Bridge, and even beyond, up to the Bar of Balmud, hearing the newcomer shout the dreaded name of Pango Dopni, scattered for their lives ; though they were yet seven to two. One stood his ground, and it woull have gone ill for Gumner's Son, for this thief had him at fatal ad vantage* had it not been for the horseman who had followed the lad from the forge fire to Koon gat Bridge. He raised in his saddle aud cut down with his broadsword, so that the blade was driven through the head and shoulders as a woodsplit ter splits a log half through, and grunts with the power of his stroke. Then he turned to the lad. ' What stranger calls by the word of our tribe ? ' he asked. ' I am Cumner's Son,' was the answer, ' and my father is brother-in -blood with Pango Dooni. I ride to Pango Dooni for the women and chil dren's sake.' ' Proof ! Proof ! If you be Cumner's Son, another word should be yourB.' The Colonel's Son took out the bracelet from his breast. ' It is 6afe hid here,' said he,' and hid also under my tongue. If you be from the Neck of Baroob you will know it when I sp^ak it ; ' and he spoke slowly and perfectly the sacred countersign. By a little fire kindled in the road, the bodies of their foes beside them, they vowed to each other, mingling their blood from - dagger pricks in the arm* Then they mounted, again and rode towards the Neck of Baroob. In silence they rode awhile, and at last the hillsman said : ' If fathers be brothers-in-blood, behold that it is good that sons be also.' By this the lad knew that he was now brother in-blood to the sou of Pango Dooni. (To be continued.) 