THE mystery of A NAME. A Present-Day Romance. CHAPTER VTir. There was an admiration from almost every one who Entered the room, for the display was indeed a gorgeous one according.to I’ogey ton ideas, 'lhe room wa3 brilliantly lighted and the amount of glass and plate ,uon the table surprised even those who dined constantly at the house. All the (Wots were magnificent, but the place of honor was accorded to a huge bouquet 1 ,(jraDge had taken some trouble to nrocure, and had sent to Mrs Stone in the afternoon. Even the creams and jellies were decorated to such an extent that it ueemed they could be but for ornament, and that it would be a sliame to spoil them. Accustomed as he was to the greater pro fusion of American establishments, there seemed to Grange to be nothing wonderful at all about the splendour of these ar rangements, and the only thing he ap peared interested in was in finding the places assigned to himself and his partner, who was amused to seo how he pounced upon the card with his own name upon it, and conveyed it into his waistcoat pocket, before anyone else at that end of the table had been able to read it. When they were settled, ho was relieved to find that the young lady on tlie other side of him was evidently too deeply interested in a mild looking curate who was bar own com panion, to desire any share of his atten “ I daro say you think it strange,” Mary began, “ that this should be looked upon as a truly magnificent feast, and I should have laughed at the idea myself once, but the entertainments here, though pleasant enough, are very simple as a rule.” •* I assure you,” said Bob, “ that I should not quarrel with their simplicity, if they were all as pleasant as 1 find this one.” “ Ah, but this is really on a very grand scale,” she wont on. “ I noticed that you were almost the only person who entered the room without standing a moment on the threshold, entranced by the spectacle before you. If you look round the table, you will see that the expression of delight and amazement has not yet disappeared from the faces of some of the younger guests. Think of the wild excitement of this if one had never shared a grander feast than a tennis supper at the rectory, or a parish tea in the school-rooms. Perhaps, though, you cannot understand tho rustic mind that is overawed by so brilliant an effect.” “Oh, yes, I can,” he answered, “ though I regret to say that 1 have lost tho sense of wonderment in it myself. I suppose in time one ceases to be easily surprised, and I have taken part in such a variety of entertainments in the course of the last year or two, that I am not struck with astonishment at anything in that way “ Yes ?” said Mary, in a tone that dis tinctly added, “ tell me about them ” " There is very little to tell,” he said, replying to the tone of voice. “ It is only the odd mixture that makes the recollection interesting to me. I have taken pot luck with the ranchmen and dined with the Lord Mayor; I have hunted in the Rockies, and sat down and cooked my own meal just when and whore I was hungry. I have been entertained by an Indian Rajah, whose feast scarcely eclipsed the Lord Mayor’s either in splendour or dulness. But tho most exciting meal 1 ever had, was when I enjoyed the hospit ality of an African chief; the food was acceptable, for I was nearly famished, but there was an odd flavour of cold missionary about it, and a delicious uncertainty as to whether 1 was not myself going to furnish a repast for his Serene Highness after wards.” Mary laughed but said nothing, hoping that he would go on and tell her something about his travels. However he came back to the common-place, by concluding — " Besides, I am afraid I must plead guilty on the part of my countrymen, to rather tad taste in the direction of gaudi ness and a too lavish display of wealth. Everything is bound to be gorgeous and striking and above all things costly at “ And that is ?” “ New York,” he answered ; “ I have just come over.” This was another shock to poor Mary, for she had herself publicly asserted that Mr Grange was in New York, and, more over, had also seen the paragraph in the newspaper stating that he was there. On reading it she had wondered a good deal how such a report could have got into print, but now, of course, it was easy to account for. “ By the way,” Bob continued, “ I saw in the paper the other day that Mr Grange —the real one, you know, I mean—was in New York, too. I wonder I did not come across him or someone who had met him. Perhaps the report was incorrect, and he was not there at all ? ” “ Oh! yes, he was there,” said Mary, with a faint smile at the literal truthfulness of the statement. “ He was there, but he has left now.” There was a pause while the plates were changed, and Mary tried hard to think of tome subject that would be safe to start upon; everything she thought of seemed to lead her back to the dangerous topic of Robert batten Grange. However he put an end to the difficulty by remarking presently “Mrs Stone seems awfully kind and pleasant, but is she not just a trifle eccentric ? ” Mary laughed, delighted to think that he put their hostess’s pointed remarks down to peculiarity, little dreaming that Bob’s sole object was to impress her with the fact that he had seen no especial ■significance in them. “ Not exactly eccentric,” she answered; only she has a way of making jokes so deep and obscure that no one can ever * at ho m them. I have given up trying.” Bob felt that this was a base libel on poor Mrs Stono; she did not look like a woman given to subtle jokes, but as the imputation could do her no harm, he accepted the description without a word to show that ho disagreed with it. He saw that Mary’s mind was at ease, and was pleased that his observation had had the desired effect. The supper was a great success.' The rattle of the plates and the clatter of the knives and forks formed a pleasant accom paniment to the ceaseless chatter and con stant merriment round the table. Mrs Stone had really done wonders ; everyone present wa3 satisfied with the arrangement of places ; not a girl but was sitting in the very place she would have chosen, and yet, strange to say, not a mamma could com plain that her daughter was next a man whom it was not advisable to encourage. Moreover, all the elderly people were at oneendof thetable, over which the host and hostess presided side by side, and the joung ones felt the freer for being further -Way from the post of honour, to indulge i’ngll their harmless, foolish jests. N« two people in the room were better satisfied with each other than Miss Smith and Mr Grange. Tho fact of sharing a secret made them feel almost like old friends, and she lured him on to talk of his travels, while she described the un eventful but pleasant life she led at ‘-'ogeyton. " Do you never long to go abroad ? ” he asked. “To get away and see different things and people, and hear another language ? Do yon never feel dull ? ” ” One who has been nearly everywhere cannot possibly imagine how L long to see things too,” she answered. “ But as for deling dull—no. 1 have a pet theory that “here must be some serious mental want in People who fell dull. With nature, books flhd music, how can one ever be dull ? Not to mention that most of us have somebody belonging to ns to make life interesting.” “ Ah! there you have the advantage of me,” said Bob, with a doleful shake of the head. “ I am the most solitary man in existence. And then, of course, women have their household duties and all the mending, making, and arrangements in which they seem so to delight.” “ Not all of them,” said Mary. “ I believe it is a shocking thing for a woman to say, so you need not let it go any farther, but I have no domestic virtues. I can’t cook and I hate needlework, and I never can remember v, hat I had for dinner yesterday; according to some people of old-fashioned ideas we are fit for little beyond these occupations.” Bob laughed. “ I am so glad you have made that confession,” he said, “ for now I can make mine. I am afraid I shall fall terribly in your estimation when I own that, unlike your friend my namesake, I have never been a reader of books; 1 never could see the fun of it. I aiu ashamed to say that not one of my accom plishments requires anything more than physical strength, a straight eye and a steady hand.” “A certain amount of courage, T should think, you might add,” suggested Mary. “ Not by any means,” he answered. “ Constitutional recklessness, if you like, but it does not deserve so grand a name as courage. That always suggests that the risk is run for some good end ; but when one is only prompted by the fun of the thing, by the love of adventure and a restless dislike to conventional ways of living, one cannot lay claim to being brave.” " It must at any rate be good training for the nerves, in case you got the chance of doing doughty deeds," she said. “ You would not be so likely to lose your head, as we poor stay-at-homes are apt to do, in moments of danger.” “ 1 don’t know,” he replied. “ I think ' should probably be quite as frightened in a railway accident as the veriest coward in the world. A man who has to face a certain danger every day for years gradually loses his sense of fear, not because he is a bit braver than at first, but because familiarity breeds contempt. As an example of my weakness, now, I assure you I would rather endure the toothache for months together than have a tooth out without gas.” “ Patient endurance is the highest kind of courage,” Mary observed, demurely. “ That is certainly a new application of an ancient precept,” he returned. “ Originated for your especial benefit,” she answered. “ But do tell me where else you have been. Do you know Europe as well as the uncivilised parts of the world? ” “ Not all of Europe, I regret to say. I have never been in Russia or Turkey yet, but I am as much at home in many parts of Italy as in New York. You have been abroad, of course ? ” “ Oh, yes,” she answered; “ I was at school in Germany.” “ And you know Paris, too, I suppose ?” he added. “ I have been there, but I do not know it,” she replied. “ When I was only three my people went to Paris and were foolish enough to burden themselves with me and my nurse, whereas, as far as I was con cerned, they might just as well have left me behind. The nurse was probably not of that opinion, for the waiters in all the hotels fell in love with her, and she was petted and made much of and utterly spoilt. There are - various legends of things that happened then, that I have heard so often that 1 seem to remember them, but I do not really, you know. Naturally I should like to go again, but Italy is the country I long to see.” “ Yes; Paris I consider overrated, but Italy could not be,” he said. “ I some times think that it would most pleasantly revive my own impressions and the keen enjoyment I felt on my first visit, if I could take someone who had never been to all the places I love best—someone who would also be alive to their extreme loveli ness—and point out all the things I most admire. That would be better than starting olf for Japan or the North Pole by one’s self, just because one had never been there.” “ Yes, it has often struck me that a courier must have rather a good time on the whole,” she answered quietly. “ I have sometimes wished I could try that same experiment on the top of au omnibus in London in the height of the season, but unfortunately there are so few people now-a-days who have never been there.” Willie Harper had once remarked that you never could tell how Mary would take the most elaborate compliment. She might seem pleased with it, but was much more likely to ignore it altogether. Grange made a slight grimace at the miscarriage of his pretty speech, but was not foolish enough to try and explain what he had really meant. “ The worst oE Italy is,” Mary went on, “ that it is no longer a land where the traveller can expect to meet with thrilling adventures and hair-breadth escapes. It must have been so romantic to be attacked by a band of brigands and rescued by their handsome and reckless chief who had fallen victim to one’s charms at the last inn. Did you never have any adventures with banditti ?” “ f am sorry, but I never did,” Bob answered, quite apologetically. “ Besides, if the adventure, had 1 ever had the good fortune to meet with one, was to be carried out on your plan, the leader of the brigands would have had to be a lady.” “ Well, and why not ?” “ Indeed, I don’t know why not.” “ Tell me, where have you met with your most thrilling adventure ? What was the most dramatic situation you were ever in ?” Bob thought for a moment before reply ing slowly— “ It rather depends upon what you under stand by thrilling and dramatic. I believe the most exciting experience I ever had was somo years ago here in England.” “ Do tell me,” said Mary eagerly ; and he did not need much pressing. ” I got out of a train in tho dusk one evening at a little station up in the north, and got the station-master to direct me to a house I was going to not far oil. As •“ left the platform I noticed two men on a pilot engine quarrelling very loudly and abusing one another in anytning but elegant language. My way lay along a path at the top of a railway cutting, and when I got well beyond the light of the station this engine came along the line at full speed. 1 did not take much notice of it, but just before it passed me there was a yell, and I looked up in time to see one of the men seize the other and throw him olf upon the line. The poor man flung up Iris arms with a scream of terror, and fell with a dull thud upon the ground, while his enemy was whirled quickly out of sight in the increasing darkness.” “ Oh ! how horrible !” exclaimed Mary, with a shudder. “ What did you do ?” “ For a . moment,” continued the American, ” I was so paralysed with horror that I stood still and looked through the dusk at the black patch upon °the line. Then I suddenly re membered that a train might come along at any moment and cut tho unfortunate man to pieces, and I rushed head-long down the bank andstoopedto lift the poor, mutilated victim of his mate’s anger. I felt myself grow cold all over as I put out my hand to touch the mas3 of crushed and broken humanity that lay there so terribly still and silent in the twilight. Since he fell he had not stirred or groaned, and I could not tell whether he was alive or dead. All at once I realised what a fear ful position I should be in if I were found in that solitary place alone with a murdered man. Talk about courage! I was coward enough to want to turn and scramble up the bank as quickly as I had come down, but luckily I heard the whistle of a train that was coming towards me on the very line where I was standing beside the creature I was about to leave to his fate. If it had not been for that, I should to this day have been haunted by remorse for my base desertion, of him. I bent and caught hold of him with both hands, and to my horror he collapsed ! I was pre pared to lift a man’s weight, instead of which what I held was scarsely as heavy as a baby! This was so unexpected that it nearly threw me off my balance, and under the coming train at the same time. I saw my danger just in time, and, cling ing unconsciously to the rescued stroker, sprang on to the bank only a moment be fore the express thundered past. I was so utterly bewildered and shaken that for some minutes I had not the nerve to look at the cause of this awful terror. And it was only an old coat after all.” “What?” cried Mary, who had been listening breathlessly. “ A coat!” Bob repeated quite seriously. “ The owner was probably tired of it, did not like the cut of it. or had stolen it and all at once wished he had not; at all events he desired to be rid of it for the moment, and taking it by the collar threw it overboard. Falling through the air made it fill out to about the size of a man, and made the sleeves fly up in a peculiarly human and deceptive manner.” “ But the scream,” objected Mary; “ you said you heard a scream.” “ l suppose the engine must have whistled,” he answered. “ I was quite excited enough to have mistaken that for a shriek of agony. Anyhow, a coat it was, and I felt almost as if it had done mo an injury in giving me such a fright for nothing.” For a moment Mary experienced that defrauded sensation one always has on finding, at the end of a ghost story, that it was only the toothbrush stuck into the window for a wedge, or the moonlight shining upon the dressing gown hanging against the door. Presently, however, she laughed and said:— “ That is really a capital story, and you will be pleased to hear that you were not more utterly deceived at the time than I was just now. It quite made my blood run cold. I don’t in the least believe you would have run away though.” “ That is kind of you, and comforting, too, for I am very much afraid that I was quite capable of it, and have to be satisfied with the fact that accident prevented my so disgracing myself.” “ A coat! ” she continued. “ I never heard anything so funny in my life. I believe I was positively gasping, and if any of our neighbours were looking, I have no doubt they were much struck by my tragic expression.” Soon after this their conversation was interrupted by the Hector rising to propose the health of the host and hostess, which of course was drunk enthusiastically, with all the honours due to such a toast. More speeches followed, all more or less long and tedious, and Mary and Bob were certainly not the only couple who soon tired of them, and would have much preferred talking to each other. Just when they were begin ning to hope that this part of the perfor mance would shortly be over, Mr Stone rose and proposed the health of all his guests collectively, coupling with the toast the name of his illustrious young friend, Mr Hubert Hatton Grange. Many of the party, who had not before heard his name, stared in amazement, and Miss Bilton observed with much intere-t that Dr Armstrong started and turned pale. Mary, on the other hand, grew crim son, and Bob himself was scarcely less embarrassed. “ My goodness ! ” he whispered. “ "What in the world am I to do ? I never made a speech in my life, and am bound to make a fool of myself.” “ That is quite wbat is expected of you,” was the encouraging answer. “ You have had plenty of examples in that direction to-night.” “ But, besides,” Bob went on desperately, “ I am the other fellow, you know. Talk about a square peg in a round hole ! ” “ You must say something,” urged Mary, afraid that the delay and whisp red con versation would attract attention. “ it does not really matter much what it is if you can only manage to adjourn the meeting/’ He mughed and got up, with a pleasing sense of being in a false position. “ Ladies and Ge tlemen,” he began, “ as the greatest stranger present, I acknow ledge that it is by rights my distinguished privilege to answer on your behalf to the toast of our most kind and hospitable en tertainer, and l believe that 1 am only ex pressing the sentiments of the company in ge eral when I say that so much have we enjoyed ourselves to-night that we hope, before leaving, o receive invitations for the festival that will be held upon the occasion of Mr and Mrs Stone’s golden wedding. I feel it my duty, however, be fore going any further, to explain that I am not the individual you imagine me to be, altho gh my name is Kobert Hatton Grange. The fact is th re are two of us, and l am th other one. I ca unfortun ately lay no claim to being an illustrious person at all. 1 told Mr Stone so this morning, but he seemed to find some slight difficulty in believing my statement How ever, as i is my famous namesake who is done honour to on this occasion, 1 thank ou kind host in his name, and must beg that my shortcomings in the way of speech making may be put down to him. Many brilliant writers have been shabby orators, so I hope that the author in question will not lose much in reputation through the I prosiness of his present re reaentative. But it is not of myself—or him—that I have to speak; BIr Stone has done more than justice to that part of the subject. Let me rather say how delighted I have been to spend an evening like this, and how different I have found it from any thing I have ever experienced before, and how worthily Mr and BIrs Stone have maintained the tradition that hospitality is the noblest of Christian virtues: ‘ Be careful to use hospitality to strangers, for thereby some have entertained angels una wares ’; and though I have myself no pretensions to be thought one, I have only to look around me (here he gave a pointed gla ce at his right hand neigh our) to see ample justification for the quotation. If I have not expressed your sentiments cor rectly, ladies and gentlemen, the famous Grange must bear the blame ; otherwise I, the non-famou-—please do not suppos • I mean infamous — Robert will take the credit. In the name of my fellow guests and my own—really my own this time—I most heartily congratulate Mr and Mrs Stone, and in the words of some poet as renowned as myself, ‘ May they live these thousand years.’ ” He sat down, very glad to have done with this most awkward and unexpected duty, and never even noticing that his speech had been exceedingly well received. Under cover of the general conversation which was instantly resumed, he whispered to Blary:— “ Did I make more of a fool of myself than was necessary ?” “ No,” she answered; “ you did much better than you led me to expect. And you have brought the sitting to a neat conclusion. Do you see, Mrs Stone .is making signals for a move ?” “ I am afraid that I was not impressive enough,” he went ou, as they made their way back into the drawing-room. “ Do you suppose that anyone believed me ?” “ Nobody believed you,” was the re assuring response; “ not a soul. They thought it was a joke, and are now mostly employed in trying to find [out where the laugh came in.” This was true; nobody had taken Bob’s speech seriously. His name being Robert Hatton Grange was enough. Naturally there would not be two men of exactly the same name, and besides, ho was so evi dently on intimate terms with Mary Smith. Of course he was the author, and what he meant by wanting to make out that he was not, nobody could imagine. Very soon after this the party broke up; the great triumph of the evening was the supper, and that over, there was nothing to do but go home. The rooms grew rapidly empty, and at last Mary and Mr Grange were the only guests left, besides the few who were sleeping in the house. Bob felt that, as a perfect stranger, he had no business to be the last to go, but Mary’s fly had not come at the time it was ordered, and he could not refrain from hoping that it might not come at all, and thus give him an opportunity of escorting her home. This was, in fact, what hap pened. After waiting till all hope of its appearance had to be abandoned, and till the host and hostess were beginning to find it difficult to suppress their yawns, Mary put on her wraps and declared her intention of walking. “ I do not for one moment suppose that either you or Mr Grange will object to the necessity,” observed Mrs Stone slily. “ I do not feel sure about that fly having been ordered at all,” added her husband, thoroughly appreciating the delicate nature of the joke. “ Or perhaps it has since beon counter manded without your knowledge, my dear,” said Mrs Stone. “ Of course it is very unfortunate, and such a pity to take Mr Grange out of his way, but-" “ Oh! but there is not the slightest occasion for troubling Mr Grange,” Mary interrupted hastily. “ I am quite used to taking care of myself at all hours, and am not in the least nervous.” “ You surely do not believe that it will be troubling me,” said Bob very earnestly. “ And if it were, I should not dream of allowing you to go by yourself.” “ My dear Mary, what are you thinking of?” cried Mrs Stone, indignantly. “ Why, if Mr Grange were the greatest stranger in the world, of course he would see you ” I am sure I shall be much obliged,” murmured Mary, seeing that it was safest to yield without further discussion. “ Luckily it is quite fine, though rather cold,” the old lady went on. “ Let me lend you another shawl, Mary; that little thing is all very well iu a fly, but it is not warm enough for walking at this thus of night.” “ No, thank you,” said Mary, only anxious to get out of the house for fear of still more pointed remarks. “ It is such a little way, and I shall not catch cold.” “ Ah ! but your mother would never for give me if I let you go like that. Mr Grange, please use your influence with this wilful girl, and make her wear my shawl.” “ I am sorry that T have no influence to place at your service, Mrs Stone,” said Bob, as he gravely followed Mary to the front door. Mr Stone was very sleepy and thought the argument unnecessarily prolonged, so he opened the door and bc.de them good night, adding as Grange went out— “ You know, there is the way round by the church. It is longer, but much more sheltered.” With which parting shot, ho shut and bolted the door and, taking a candle, pro ceeded thankfully up to bed. Once outside Mary felt relieved, though it was a ridiculously awkward position. To be walking through the streets at dead of night with a perfect stranger, to whom she was supposed by the whole town to be engaged, was bad enough, but the con sciousness that he could not have misunder stood the Stones’ insinuations, seemed to her at the moment to be mucn worse. However, he soon put her at ease by talking of all sorts of other things, and showing the greatest solicitude lest she should take cold, and it was not till he was leaving her at the gate of the cottage that ha alluded to his supposed identity. “ I have to thank you, Miss Smith, for by far the pleasantest evening I have ever spent,” he said, as he shook her hand, “ and also for preserving my secret, at some inconvenience to yourself I am afraid. I do not wish to presume upon our supposed friendship, but I hope you will allow me to call to-morrow to see that you are no worse for the non-appearance of your delinquent flyman.” She hesitated; to receive his visits would leave no doubt in the minds of Fogeyton society, as to their relations to each other, and yet she did not know how to refuse, es pecially after having had to accept his es cort home. It is always so difficult to settle a matter of that sort all in a moment ; though even if one has hours in which to think about it, one is generally dissatisfied with whatever decision is arrived at after all. “ May I not come ? ” he asked, despond ingly. “ Yes, certainly, wo shall be delighted, of course,” answered Mary all in a breath, and with a feeling of relief at her own rashness. There would be no ubo now in | lying awake, trying to make up her mind what to do about it; the permission was given and could not be recalled. Nevertheless she did lie awake for hours, meditating on the complications arising from the existence of a man who really bore the name which she had thoughthad originated with herself. That he should have come from New York to Fogeyton was so strange, that afterwards the coincidence of their meeting seemed but a natural occurrence; but bitterly did she now repent having allowed the reports of her engage ment to go uncontradicted. Whatever she might say upon the subject now would be open to misconstruction, and at last she wearily resolved to let the matter rest. Mi Grange himself evidently recognised the fact that there was another man of the same name, and, if questioned by the people of the town, would be sure, for his own sake, to explain the mistake. She must make her mother promise though that no amount of cross-examination would induce her to betray the secret. There was one comfort, this American would not be likely to stay long at Fogeyton, and it would not matter in the end And so she fell asleep and dreamt that she was at a supper-party, where an American cannibal stood up and refused to say grace, because he found Mrs Harper so uncommonly tough. (To be Continued). 