THE BLACK FORTY. A Story of Early Australia. CHAPTER XXIX. YOU LOSE SIGHT OF A NUMBER OF FACES WHICH HAVE GROWN FAMILIAR TO YOU, AND, TAKING ADVANTAGE OF A PAUSE IN AFFAIRS GENERALLY, THE NARRATIVE IS CLOSED. A neat little whitewashed weatherboard church stands close to the east of Lieutenant Ford's homestead. It can scarcely be called a church when one remembers the many stupendous structures which one sees nowadays on every hand. However, it fulfils all the obligations of a house of worship, nevertheless, and a school into the bargain. Not a meagrely patronised half-hearted affair under the control of a 'Board' and a system of government virtue, but a recreation meeting house for a company of as round- faced, jolly, reckless cherubs of boys and girls as one would ever wish to meet in a day's — aye, or a year's walk in any part of the world. And there are amongst these little ones, several who have long since attained the age of manhood, but who come to school every day and take with them instructions for the solution of knotty problems in the first elements of practical education as they may be able to grasp, and having struggled and wrestled with them over night, return next day, or when possible, for analysis. The schoolhouse is lively today. Quite a crowd of all sorts and sizes are standing or moving about the door, talking, laughing and discussing matters of every description. Gay, noisy little ones are romping in and out of the building, playing at hide and seek around the forms or roaring and screaming with delight amongst the masses of flowers and evergreens which are strewn on every side. For it is Christmas morning and they haven't half decorated the place yet for the afternoon's service. Heaven knows it was amply covered in with floral wreaths and woolwork mottos, artificial holly bushes and gaudy chromos, sadly illuminated with appropriate and seasonable texts, giving the interior the appearance somewhat of an abandoned stall in a vegetable market, where the proprietor had suffered a reverse of fortune ; but when a young fellow who had been sent to a village some ten miles off (the nearest) came back with a story of the state of the church there, popular indignation was too strong to permit such a thing, and a fresh commencement had to be made. " Julia, Julia, you dirty little child where have you been ?" called a sweet soft voice from the small space near the pulpit, which did duty as a chancel, and across which two irreverent urchins had stretched a line formed of the buckled lengths of a pair of driving reins, whilst a third equally independent product of the soil was making the best of her time counting skipping turns - ing skipping turns— "Julia, come here at once !" A tall and finely-formed woman stepped forward and took the refractory child by the hand. A thoughtful face filled with a world of kindness and love, large bright eyes, the grave expression of which was perhaps heightened by the streaks of grey which mingled with the heavy masses of dark chestnut hair. Her quiet grace of movement was an irresistable charm to those who approached her. A fast favourite with all, she was as an angel of light and of glory to the simple children around her. And not only with the children, mind you, was the 'school missus ' respected or loved. No, on all sides— in the cottage and the farmhouse, with the labourer or the stockowner, Mary Bassett was alike venerated and loved. For it was she, our own Mary, moving in the ripe rich fullness of a mature womanhood. The child comes readily forward at the summons, and holds out its frock, which was grievously stained and smeared in many places, distinct indications about the shoes and socks being evident that the youthful transgressor had been wading." " Oh, you naughty girl. Look at that pretty pink pinney your mother put on you this morning ! Where have you been ?" " Bin mith Johnny." " Where — in the river ?" " Yum. Look, Aunty Mary, Johnny him got a flog." " A frog ?" " Yum ; and me got pletty lilies." it was impossible to check the bright little thing as she held up a knot of white and yellow water lilies gathered in the shallows of the stream near the church, and Mary felt it, for after attempting to look grave for a moment she burst into a fit of laughter and caught the child up in her arms. Who was this ? Two handsome stately women entered the church and came forward to greet Mary. Explanations had to be made to Mrs. Cecil Dalrymple, Julia's mother, as to the cause of the disturbance, whilst her companion, Eloise, looks around in vain in search of her wayward son Johnny. And both girls have not belied the promises they gave twelve years ago as to their future. If any passing stranger could have looked upon them both that day, and have passed without a vivid impression on his mind of their graceful curves and beautiful features - if any passing individual, I say, could have gone on his way and omitted to toast them both several times at the the first hostlery he overtook, with everyone about the premises, well I say that passing stranger could not be human. " I am more concerned," said Julia Dalrymple, " about the little urchin going to the river than anything else, on account of the possible danger there may be attached to such excursions, but I suppose on a day like this there are plenty of men about smoking under the trees, handy if anything happened. " That's so, marm," said a voice at her elbow, and a tail quiet looking man came forward leading a boy of some ten years of age by the band. " This yere John of yours, Mrs. Hartwell, he can swim like a fish. Bin swimmin' now after a frog." " An got a flog too mum !" shrieked the hopeful, as he put his hand into his coat he drew forth a huge black bright- eyed creature which swelled itself out to the most abnormal proportions with outraged propriety at being thus handled, and kicked vigorously as though to explain that even if he had been caught in his own native element by a brat of ten years, he still knew how to place his limbs properly, and hoped none of them would forget it either. ' This yer flog, mum," he explained, " said he'd best us. But Jooly and me, we went after him and we collared him." " What do you think you'll do with him now you've got him, you naughty boy ?" asked his mother. " Goin' to keep him in a tub till him grow big and fat, and when Jooly and me gets married we'll make a parson of him." They sent the children in to dry their clothes, and as they separated the man, saw something in the eyes of Mary Basset which made him hang his head, and looking up again he caught the glances of the matrons and knew that they saw it too. Then he walked away down by the river right into the forest, and stood for a long time looking at the water. " Oh," he said bitterly, " if it had not been for me she might now be married to poor Tom. His ghost will haunt me." Then as he stood there in the shadow and paused to light his pipe, if you had taken good stock of this sorrowful man, and had have made due allowance for a dozen years, you would have known him again, for he was the Fool. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Inside the house were gathered together some dear old friends. Around the board they sat and joined together with a glass of good honest wine, for the weather was hot and it was only the tired spirits, the weary ones of earth, who cared for the more potent beverages. But being old friends full of old time ideas, and not warped with the narrowness of those extreme perceptions now making such rapid headway in Society, they took just what was good for them and as much as they thought fit to take, without leave or license from anyone. " It is a grand day," said Ford, " a lovely day. A trifle warm perhaps in the sun, but cool in the shadows. I think we may fairly now lay claim to having thoroughly set this part of the colony on its proper basis." 'Yes indeed," returned Gibson, " and if other districts would follow suit what a happy nation we might be." " An Australian nation ?" put in Kelly, who was rather inclined to lean towards Home Rule and its complications. " I fancy that before many years— in our time even— we will form the nucleus of a great people." " All along the coast from here to Sydney, and indeed much further south," put in Dennison, " we have the same conditions around us. Small dairy farms, a few good sheep and cattle, that's what we want. I always held, and will continue to hold, that six farms of a couple or three hundred acres held by six different persons, whether dairying or agriculture, is preferable to have the whole under one landlord. Look how well we are all doing here now." " It is perfectly true," said Dalrymple, " But at the moment I don't feel inclined to enter into argument upon any constitutional question. We are. all, very happy and should heartily thank our Maker that we are so very much blessed with His priceless gifts." " There is poor Mary," observed Dennison after a pause. " She has taken to her tasks wonderfully and borne her cross with more fortitude than I ever hoped for in a nature such as hers. I really do wish that she would find a mate. She is a splendid woman of many offers." " She will not leave her school," said Ford, " or she might have married long since this. It is the proper sphere of every man and woman to marry and populate the land. But she will not leave her school." " And why should she leave her school to get married, pray ?" called out a cheery voice in the doorway at the sound of which every man Jack of them— yes, and every woman too, got up and welcomed the merry little clergyman who stood before them. " Oh, I say, come now !" he expostulated, " you know I'm not iron jointed or copper fastened. I came round here to escape the children. Here, Mrs. Ford, if you wouldn't mind shaking out this gown for me — it's a bit crumpled just now— we'll have afternoon service. Give me something to drink, I'm parched. Well, here's a merry Christmas." Then, by and bye, when he had told them about his morning's experiences at the rival church, where he had solemnised a rustic wedding and they all had a laugh over it, he suddenly became serious." " You were talking," he remarked, somewhat nervously, and there was a deep and awkward silence round the board whilst he spoke which I made him more nervous still ; " you were saying that if Ma- Miss Bassett wished to marry she would have to leave her school." " Well," corrected Ford, " I didn't say quite as much as that. I said she might have been married already only she wouldn't leave her school." " Couldn't she keep it on and live in a cottage right near it ?" " Why what sort of a cottage would a man live in next to a church and a school, in Heaven's name ?" " Why, a parsonage of course !" The End. 