AOTA PQPTTLI. By The Flaneur. Mb and the Governor opened Parliament all right the other day, but in spite of all we could do to boom the business the proceedings were decidedly dull, stale, and unprofitable, and never once rose above the depressing insipidity of a plate of cold hash. Probably the people were ' whipping the cat' after their Easter revelry ; possibly they took more interest in the hourly-expected arrival of Mr. Ashe-Lee Weller-Butler, but certainly there was far less enthusiasm shown over the opening of the new Session than was seen a few Sundays before at the great dog-fight at Kogarah. Everyone present seemed to be weighed down by *h.A fa/res of the State, or indigestion, and, as his Excellency sorrow fully remarked to me over a tumbler of 'Kola Nut,' it was as hard to enthuse over such a dreary scene as it would be for a fat, red-nosed man to look coldly intellectual. Outside I met one of the tunicatm popidus or shirt sleeved crowd — a bold bad man v/ho smelt strongly of ' swanky' and disloyalty to the Throne and Person; and when I asked him why he didn't whoop for joy he bitterly said — ' Becoz it sickens me t1 think of the waste or good money that goes on keepin* those fellers inside playin' at Parlerment from year to year. Think o' the holler mockery of the thing ! And think of all the good that could be done with that money if it was carefully spent in beer!' There was such an air of sad sincerity about this ?wail from one of the 'Nastiest People' that it really did set me thinking, and it wasn't, long before I remembered that our Parliament of 12-5 members costs the country fully £37,500 a year. Victoria, with nearly the same population as New South 'Wales, runs its State show with only 95 membersj paid at the rate of £240 a year — total, £22,800 per annum. South Australia's little bill comes to £15,600 only, and as the patriotic Ms.P# of Queensland are content with £3 a week, that colony parts with no more than £10,800. And it doesn't get full value for the money even then. Those figures suggest that we are paying a deal too much for our Parliamentary whistle entirely, and if it was so urgently imperative for the country's wel fare that the salary of a 30s a vwek post-boy should be reduced to 27s 6d, the princely pay of our Parliamentary representatives might have been docked half-a-crown as well. In the United King dom 670 members represent 3S millions of people' and those people are represented almost as efficiently as ourselves. Here we have 125 members for a million and a-quarter of people, or one member for every 10,000 persons, One- half the year the House ib cloBed and the other half the members do no work, and if by a surprise of good fortune a bill is passed by the Assembly the old gentlemen upstairs kick it out, and everything once more returns to that undesirable position which follows the military command — 'As you was before you were!' The man who said talk was cheap never heard of the New South Wales gabblers who cost the country £37,500 a year. Very reluctantly (this is ' all my eye ' and Mrs. Elizabeth Martin) ; very reluctantly, Premier Reid has consented to 'go to London to seethe Queen,'' just to show that -we are still tethered by the silken cord to the ' dear old motherland,' and if it ever comes to a question of ' doing, or dying,' for England's Queen we will — ' give the matter our most earnest consideration.' The amount of pressure brought to bear upon our jolly and fat Premier before he agreed to go 'Ome has not caused his hair to turn grey, or resulted in any visible shrinkage in his belly-bandular region, but perhaps you have noticed that nothing pleases a man as much as to be coaxed to do a thing he wants to do, anyway. (The Missus told me that.) About the most sensible and original way of cele brating the great record reign anniversary is that put forward by William Alden, who says : ' Let it be agreed that from 9 to 10 on the morning of the day in question there shall be absolute silence in all England, Ireland, and Scotland. Not a hammer should fall, not a vehicle should stir, not a bike should ring a bell, not a human being should open his or her mouth, and not a bird or beast should be permitted to express its views vocally.' Nothing could be more impressive than such a vast and total silence as that, and as it is the very opposite of the customary savage plan of splitting the heavens with an ungodly row, the Britishers couldn't prove their high state of civilization better than by putting this splendid proposal into prac tice. Personally, I would like to propose that the whole of the British Empire and its possessions be called upon to join in the glorious burst of silence, but, with the exception of smothering it, I know of no reliable plan of keeping a baby quiet ; and, then again, what on earth could we do with Major J. Bone Neild and the Salvation Army ? Apropos to the Salvation Shriekers it may be re membered that in my last epistle to the faithful I drew attention to the great good the accur-r-sed drink had done by indirectly bping the cause of bringing Stephen Bosher to justice for bigamy and for the cruel murder of an old couple at Pentone, N.Z. Well, Bosher has been hanged, and the New Zealand Spectator says : — ' Bosher was for five years a member of the Sal vation Army. And it is interesting to note that afcer the murder of the poor old Joneses, for their money, a Salvation Army memorial service was held, 'and that amongst those who « testified' to the virtues of the deceased was Mr. Stephen Bosher.' The Bosher business suggests that there is a deal of ' bosh' about the Army's ' testifying,' but still there is one thing about the latter that must always entitle it to respect. When a poke-bonnet beauty is ' testifying' she can't sing ; neither can a leather-lunged Hallerburlooyer lad ' testify' and play the cornet at the same tima. Of two evils al ways choose the lesser. Music hath charms, but if the Salvationists' music has anything at all — bar hellish noise— it's the ' worms.' Twelve years ago there was just one brass band in the Salvation Army. Now there are over 10,000, and they have all 'set themselves to seek out the theory and practice of music for them selves.' The worst of it is they are still seeking, and the party who knows all about the ' theory and practice ' seems to be out every time they call. Just at present, however, the wily old ' General ' with the high instep to his nose finds there is a very serious rift in his lute, and if he isn't mighty careful someone may kick a ruinous hole in his big drum as well. The London Daily Mail states that 250 officers recently resigned from the Army, and plainly hints that the Booth family and favourites get all the plums of the pudding. To say a word against these apostles is set down as rank disloyalty, and the offenders are put to peddling Salvation tea on foot-back through the country. If they don't like that they get the Salvation sack— at least so the If ail man says, and if it isn't true I'll apologize to the « General/' and, by way of Heavy punishment, I'll kiss all the Blab-sided, lath -limbed lasses in the angelic Army as well. The enterprizing editor has been abroad collect, ing a deal of nasty news of late, but it will be long, I fancy, before we will have the pleasure of seeing an Australian rival of the Nebraska editor who recently committed suicide in order to secure early and exclusive information of his own death foe his own paper. Of course his conduct was not wholly heroic or disinterested, however, because lie gave him self three columns of a splendid obituary notice before he drank the fatal draught which sent him where the debtors cease from troubling and the 'copy' -worriers are at rest. Still, I don't think any Australian editor will follow the Nebraska noodle's frightiul example — unless he is quite sure that the foreman of his ' comps.' and a doctor and a stomach-pump are at hand to attend to him when he falls. The above recalls the true tale of another Ameri. can editor who, while running an evening paper, was going along the quays late one night when he heard someone struggling in the water below. Bending over some logs he shouted, ' Is there anyone drown ing down there:' 'Yes, Martin Casey is,' was the feeble reply. ' Ah !'* returned the shrewd man of business on top. ' Well, I'm sorry for you, Casey, of course, and I'm sorry for myself, too ; because you are dying too late for to-night's paper ; but cheer up — I'll have a special edition out to- morrow that'll make your widow proud of the name she bears !' Hcnniker Heaton has an idea ! He got it all out of his own head this time — Henniker doesn't keep any 'ghosts' now — and he has paste enough left to form a dozen more. Hennik'er's brilliant notion is that the fittest way to honour the Queen's record reign would be to make a bonfire of all the old postage stamps in the United Kingdom, throw, away all the old paste {why not utilize it as workhouse' ??skilly' for England's pauper veteran soldiers?), and bring out a brand-new lot of Diamond Jubilee ' postage stamps entirely. This is a great idea, and it seems to be a distinctly Australian one as well, for our own P.M.G. struck a similar notion on a smaller scale. Unfortunately, however, England doesn't know the true value of her greatest men, or understand the worth of their great counsels, and so the postal authorities have requested Henniker to take a back seat, and confine his favours to sop and cocoa advertisements, and alloy/ them to continue to manage their own business after their own foolish fashion. Henniker's notions generallyhave some value, how ever, even though they remind one of the ambitious young husband who came home one day and told his still more ambitious young wife that he had sold his much-rejected poem at last. 'You sold your lovely poem !' exclaimed the delighted lady. ' Oh, you clever darling ! Now you can buy that beauti ful diamond necklace you promised me — can't you, dear ?'' ' Well — er — -not just now, my pet,' returned the greatly embarrassed husband. ' You see, the fact is I spent all the money I got for the poem on a pair of boot-laces and a box of paper collars.' Tableau. A wretched husband, a weeping wife, a savagely-kicked cat, and a dinner done to rags. And, returning to the big-brained Henniker, a good anecdote comes from over the border to the effect that he met Cardinal Vaughan recently at a dinner in London, and his Eminence, to make him self agreeable, asked how things were popping up down at Canterbury— the little village which Henniker is supposed to represent in the House of Commons. ' Oh, very well indeed,'' was Mr. Heaton's gracious reply. We (there the true Hen niker came out) are making great improvements down there. In point of fact we, amongst other things, intend to 'restore' the Cathedral.' 'In. deed ! ' replied the Cardinal with a highly signi ficant smile. ' Well, I'm delighted to hear that, and of course I shall be very much pleased to receive it from you ! ' Exit 'Enniker on his 'ead. At a 'distinguished citizen' send-off banquet a few nights ago one speaker, whose name is probably ' Mac' or ' Quong' Something, said — 'Wherever a Scotchman is found he is usually at the head of things.' That is true of money -making things, and I would have gone further and said that if Nansen. had discovered the North Pole he would have found a Scotch doctor sitting on the top of it, and a China man hawking vegetables at the bottom. The Irish man who cut and erected the Pole would have died long before from want of congenial society. A Scotchman makes a good colonist — if he is caught young. But, dearly as he loves the land of brown heath and brave wood, and bare legs and horrid haggis, he seldom wishes to return to it. An. Irishman's fondest desire is to tread the Emerald turf of his fair little land once more. And to obtain the possession of a sprig of real shamrock ?with a little real Irish mould attached an Irish woman would kiss and hug a statue of even King Billy of the. Boyne himself. I have seen them do ic — and I envied King Billy at the time. Dr. Johnson said that the prettiest sight in all Scotland was the road out of it. And another canny Caledonian, referring at a banquet here to the tradition of a Scotchman having his own pri vate ark at the Deluge, hoped that his hearers had long since burnt that ark so that they couldn't get back to their native land — ' except to mak' a short veesit !' Even Annie Laurie's fond lover couldn't content himself long at home, but braving even the poll-tax, he rushed back after his ' short veesit' t° Canton, and tihe moment he struck the sod at the Circular Quay he stamped and said : 'Wahoo ! Ma fut is longa eet's native land once mo,' an' ma name is Quong Tart MahGregor O !' 