SUSPICIOUS FIEE. Peculiar Circumstances Joseph Cough lin, a man aged abont 30 years, was charged at the. local Court on Monday, before Messrs. Quinn and Tarver, J.'sP-, with unlawfully setting fire to a house at the corner of Beacbns field-pa- ade. and Johnson street, on the 22nd of June.. \ Mr. Moir (Gillott, Bates and Moir) uppcucu iul v/u ug Well ? \- Sab-Inspector Irvine, instructed by Ser jeant Whitney, couducted the prosecu tion. John Ousick, laborer, said that he lived at the Star Hotel, North Melboarne. He was the o o ner of the house. He formerly resided in it. The only article in the - house to his knowledge -vas a Ktep lsudd^.r. He visited the house on the 17thand lbih ' of Jane. The front-door was locked and j he'had the key. There used to be three keys, but two had been lost. He had never seen the accused before. The house was insured in the Liverpool and London and Globe; Insurance Office for £200. He hod made an application for 1 £20 damage done to the property. To Mr. Moir:, He was not aware that j the tubs were in the house. No reason that he knew of why the accused should j ? have setrfire to the house, or do him an ' ? ? c ? 1.:_ j ui}uray uiwi^ Mr. C. B.. Blackett, . Government .Analyst, -had ; «xan- ine&1i-U)e ^ clothing and other .articles submitted- to him. They had keroseue and candle grease on them. John Cumminas. chemist, said that he was walking home along Beaconsfield parade at a quarter-past 12 o'clock on the 22nd nit. He saw a reflection of fire in tbe house referred to, and he looked in at tbe window, where he saw a bag burning in the middle of the floor. JoBWfaen one of the windows fell out. He ran to Pool man's factory to get assistance to put the fire oat, and shortly afterwards ha met Constable Flanagan. Shortly after wards the 'constable's : attention .was directed to the accused, who was on lagoon jetty. The constable asked him where he lived, and he said at St. Kilda. He then took the man to the burning house, and there It was found that he had keroseue and candle grease on his clothing. There was an abundance of kerosene on the walls of tbe hoase and two. tabs, one of which was bnrned, bad contained kerosene some bagging on the floor was also saturated with kerosene. To Mr. Moir : The man answered questions put to him sensibly, but be appeared as though he had been drink ing- Mary Furlong said she helped her brother put the fire out. When sha got into the house she saw a candle burning in the kitchen, and another in the cup board. These were abont an inch long, and one piece was placed near ons of the walls. She stamped on 'the candles and put them out. On the evening of the 19th, between 7 - and 8 o'clock, she saw Mr. Cusick and another mm coning out of the bouse and walk towards St. Kilda. Harriett Carsons, living at 61 Esplan ade, said that at a quarter to 7 o'clock she passed the hoase where the fire was. and saw a man standing at the door, There was a street lamp at the corner. She was snre the accused was the man, or be was as mach like him as possible. To Mr. Moir : When she saw -the accused at the police station she said, 'HI did not see you, it was your.ghost.' She took particular notice of his hand ' and shoulders. Alecia Lovittsaw the accused at the house after the alarm or fire had been given. - . .'- v' Richard Lovitt helped to put the fire ont. He corroborated what had been said about the - kerosene and candles. John Starr, licensee of the Village Belle Hotel, stated that' he knew the. accusea. n e naa never employed him to feed horses. Gerald Lyons, a lad of about 16 years of age, was next called, and when asked to take the Bible in his hand, he refused. ' He knew nothing about the Bible, and was not going to kiss it.' Mr. Murphy : What reason have you for not being sworn? Witness : I know - nothing abont the Bible or beiqg sworn. Mr. Mu.-phy : What religion are you ? Witness; Raman Catholic. Mr. Quinn, J.P.: Then there is no reason why yon should not be sworn. Sab -Inspector Irvine : I think he had better be sent to the cells for a few boars. Witness was shortly afterwards per suaded by Mr. Moir to take the oath. Then, proceeding, he said he lived with his father in Barkly-street, St. Kilda. He knew accused, he bad been working for his father, but not thiB year. He remembered the 30th of last month. The accused might have slept at their plaoe. Mr. Irvine : Did he? Witness : He might have. Mr. Tarver: 11 yon don't answer I'll send yon to the lock-up. Witness said lie wasn t .sure whether he did or not. His brothers mfllrnfl the cows on the morning of the 21st. No body helped them. If accused said he helped them it would not .be true.. He did not tell the constable that he catted gram from JoshuA distillery. Constable Flanagan .described how he found the accused near the lagoon after his attention had been drawn to him by young Furlong. He had on two pairs of trousers, both of which were saturated with kerqseae. His socks and boots, with some paper found in the latter, were also satmsted with kerosene. He conld give no satisfactory account of himself, and firae stated that he got the candle-grease, found on bis trousers, at the Village Belle- Hotel, but afterwards said that he got it while feeding the cows at Lyons' place at -St. Kilda. He then £4* t&»®ot 3ft Jh the tock-Bp a box of iftatclies was touna onbun, aqd wheft asked ho-r he got the keroseqe bi) his elothes, he could ? not account for }t. ~Wheq adced at the Melbourne gaol what pa& of Melbourne he .was in on the previous nicrbt, -he Aifaajp aotln jtAijafctjk all. He left Icons' at aboot foOr o'clock^n the ilier noon,, walked to Prahran, got ' boosed,' jubd.tie knewno more. After other evidence bad been given, the accused was committed for trial, bail being fixed, in two sureties of £75 each, and accused. in a similar amount. - 