THE RECORD OF A BRAVE DEED. Among tho many nogro nations, differing widely from one another in spoech and physiquo, who obey tho rulo of the White Queen, ae she is termed throughout the West African littoral, tnoro are Hone moro roraark- ablo in thoir mannoro and ouotomo, nor harder to manage, than tho tribes who inhabit tho limitless swilmps and littlo known forosts of tho Nigor dolto. They nro all mon of hugo stature, with arms and ohests splondidly dovolopod by constant labour at tho paddle, for thoy practically livo in thoir dug-out canoos, hut with tho woak lower iiinbs of tho nogro. A littlo whilo ago King Shaillu of Hiobn, not having tho foar of tho Government boforo his oyo3, and ilisrcn-arflinn- what had hnnnsned whon tho stronghold of tho rivor-pirate Nana wont down before tho wrath of tho Protectorato, built himsolf a strong stockado around his city of mudwallod huts, nnd took cnunsol with his Ju-Ju mon as to how ho might most easily ncquiro powor and riches, and mako a name for himsolf, as did his fathers before tho coming of tho white mon. Soon aftarwards mutilated corpses of unfortunate slavos commonced to drift down tho rivers with ovory freshot, and inland trndors, arriving at tho scattorod coaet-factorios, told Btrnngo tales of men buried nlivo among tho founda tions of new houses or stockades. At InBt it was dotorminod that Shaillu should bo mode an oxamplo of. # # e # Silently, file by filo, wilh scarcely the crackling of a twig or the rustling of a leaf to mark their passage, tho Yoruhas movod down the stoop liank, tat they had been trained >o fgrejt warfare from childhood, and had hold thoir wild land with spoar-blade and flintlock gun against tho fiorco tribes of tho Wostorn Soudan and Arab raidors from tbo northern dosort. Cap tain 'Oranton wntchod them flitting liko ghosts through tho shadows, and abused tbo clumsinoss of his subnltorn, who tore his way noisily with nervous liaslo through ovory obstnelo, until he hoard thoir foot sucking in the soft mire. Presently, thoro was anlnshing by tho odgo of tho ford; thou tho sound melted into tho gurglo of tho river, nnd tho last dim figure disap peared into a drifting cloud of mist. " liot on thoro, this is no timo for rest," said tho Captain as tho leading files haltod ; nnd ho hurried forward only to sink bronst doop in a stoop- sided hollow, nnd to wondor if thoy had blundered nnd loet tho track ncross tho ford. Whilo ho hositntod thero wns nnothor roar of flint lock guns nnd n ehowor of jugged putlog earg past ovorhond and splashed along tho sur face of tho r'.rot. A Yoruba dropped his riflo with a splnsh, nud clutching nt hie sido collapsed, a limp heap, into the stream. A comrade dashed for ward, but it was too lata ; thoro was a choking gasp, nud with nn oily gurglo tho muddy current closod abovo a ghastly face, nnd tbo Yoruba wns gono. Tho soldiers stared at ono another for a moment, nud a fow of tho Snider butts eamo homo to tho shoulder with a rattlo, but Captain Captain said stonily: "Tho man is dond ; tho first who fires without my order dies also. Forward thore 1" Thon, with sot toeth, tho Yorubas wont abend, floundoriug nnd splashing, struggling shoulder deep against tho powor of tho stream with uplifted rifles, whilo tho siokly Doctor gnspod for breath as ho wns half carried, hnlf dragged wildly through tho water. Just as thoy enmo dripping out of the river, n long trail of firo streamed up ward across tho midnight sky, and a detonating rocket burst into a orou d of crimson stars far ovorhond, to show that tho landward -gnto had gene down boforc the attack of tho flanking party. c # « « AVhon tho evil-smelling vapour wns still eddying and drifting along the faeo of tho stockade, with a yell the Yorubas rushed forward, stumbling and blundoring ovor shattered logs ana gplowiug oindors, half choked by the sickening odours of tho oxplosive, and swept down tho mnin street of tho villnge, driving the rivor-mon before thorn at tho bayonot-point like a flock of frightened sheep. Somo ono had hurled a blazing torch into a hut, and tho roaring flamo leaped from thatch to thatch, throwing a lurid light on tho crowd of naked figures flying for thoir livos botwoon the lines of mud wallod hute, or sealing tho palisado and flinging thomselvos ovor into tho darkness outsido. Dripping with per spiration, nnd soareoly visible through tho stifling smoke-wreaths, Captain Cranton daBliod (.long at tho hoad of his mon, swinging his revolver and threatening, in hoarso, breathless gasps, all kinds of ponaltios on tho man who fired without his order ; for ho knew if the Yorubne onco got be yond control there would bo no hnmnn being left nlivo in tho town. While tho Doctor wondered what ho should do, a chorus of yells, hisses and whistles roso from behind a cluster of hute, and prosontly a handful of black soldiors came into sight, givipg' way slowly boforo a wild mob of naked rivor-mon. There was no timo to load or firo. Sponr-hondsnnd tho brass- bound butts of tbo trade guns rattled nnd orashed among glonming bayonoto and brown oniucr uurrcis, i"r in u xuruuns wero fighting dospnrntely as thoy wont, four or them boaring wlmt appeared to ho a shapeless heap of tattered karki uniform upou a layor of woven palm fibre, torn out from tho side of somo hoadmnn's houso. " Stop thorn — stop thorn — one timo!" shoutod tho Doctor, but his mon needed no tolling. With tho wild shout of tho northern raidors ringing out abovo tho clash of spear and rattlo of Snider butts, tliay drove forward, and as tho bright steel filled up tho narrow way tho foo were held in oheck for n fow moments. Stagger ing up to tho sido of the rough litter Surgeon Mnrsland felt the (jraep of the big Yoruba Sorgeant on his shoulder, and hoard a voico in hie ear : " Offieor man livo for die, snh ; rivor-man chop him with spear. Say, carry mo first through stockado, alivo or doad." " Never mind what ho said, let mo got nt him. For heaven's sake keep those brutes hack, ho'B bloeding to death," shouted tho Doctor, shaking off tho grasp nnd bonding down ovor tho still form. Young Liscomho feebly raisod his bead. " Good-byo, I'm nbout finished ; hut I was first man in," he gaspod. Without a word the Dootor slit tho tunic from tho arm, and wrenched opon his instrument o-se ns lio saw tho bright blood pulsing in jots from a sovorod nrtory. " Oh f >r two minutes, j ust two minutes '" ho groaned, as he slipped a rubber tarntniinfe nvminrl fhn whlfcn skin ? Lilt ovon as ho did so, tho crowd of liver- mon surged madly forward ; thoro was a clash of bayonets and spearheads, and though tho Yorubas parried and lunged dosporatoly thoy staggered and yioldod ground boforo tho doad woight of numborB. Never turning bi=? eyes, tho Doctor wont quiotly on with his work, in a grim raco against timo to save his comrado's lifo. Just ns tho thick rubber, biting into tho firm flesh, cliokod down tho spurting blood, Oio Yorubas broko away and a huge naked rivor-man swung a gloamiog matchet back to tho full swoop of his right arm, to deliver tho resistless cut tho "West African knows so well at tho Doctor's head. Almost instinctively Surgoon Mnrsland closod his eyes. Thon ho felt himr elf hurled on ono sido as some thing rushed passed him, and, glanoing round again, saw tho red bayonet of Sergeant Koffoe cboot past at tho point from bohind tho shoulder and Blido into tho nogro'fl unkod flosh, until tho sockol clashed against tho < broast-hono. Almost aiuuiltanoously lie hoard tho Yorubas' shout and tho swarming foo split up and znoltod away into flying groups as, swinging his spitting rwolvor right atid loft, Oaplnin Crnnton swopt past at tho head of his iuoii. Then his overtaxed strongtli gave way, and ho collnpsod a . limp unconscious lioap across tho foot of tho litter. ' Boforo morning Qioba was- a hoap of smoking ruins und Shaillu aprisouor fast bound with titi croopors. 