Eequl the. Hassell World. “A nice time of it you college dons have!’ I observed enviously, looking round the oak-panelled room. • I had come up to spend a day or two with Rintoul at Trinity. We had been chums since our undergraduate days, and ho had stayed on, first as Fellow and Tutor of his college, and next as a university professor. ‘•It’s a pleasant life enough,” admit ted Rintoul. The dinner party he had given in my honor was over, and the last guest had departed. The candles had burnt low in their sconces, and the corners .of the room lay in deep shadow. A weird Ja panese idol was dimly visible beside a earven bookcase, over which hung a magnificent repousse brass shield. Rin toul had antiquarian tastes, and indulg ed them to the uttermost. The em bers glimmered in an ancient Spanish brazier, and the andirons, of curiously twisted steel, represented grotesque heads, upheld by strangely contorted bodies. There was an eerie feeling about the place, and I was not sorry when Rintoul proposed that we should adjourn to his sanctum, which opened out of the larger room. Here all was warmth and brightness ; two easy chairs were pulled up close to the fire, and on a writing table be hind lay a mass of most disorderly pa pers, suggestive of Rintoul’s morning labors. My friend installed me in the biggest chair, and drew up the spirit stand. He lit our pipes, and sat a. while in sociable silence. There was a meditative look in Rintoul’s eyes; he lay back, watching the vortex rings of blue smoke vibrat ing upward one by one ore they disap peared in dim haze. “It is a groove, all the same,” he re marked suddenly. I smiled. He had not lost his old ha bit of recurring to the last remark but “Life here. I meau.” he continued. “Xo doubt we’re very high-minded and superior: but we got into a cut-and dried way of looking at things; we want shaking up with a few city* men, to make us practical. Shake up a mer chant with a professor of political eco nomy, for instance, and the result will b0—“Excepting their nails, and the tips of their tails. Instead of two cats there weren’t any ! ” quoted with a laugh. “It won’t do, Rintoul; the gulf is too wide; but you heorists can help us from afar, no loubt. I’m a practical man.” This trite conclusion I threw in to bal mce the judicious vagueness of my speech, which I dimly felt to be some what lacking in meaning. But Rintoul was not listening; he rad apparently gone off on quite a dif ferent tack. “Do you believe in ghosts?” was his aext observation. I started. The question chimed in unpleasantly with the creeping sensa tions which I had experienced in the filler room. “Xo, I don’t,” I responded, with un necessary emphasis. “That beastly isycliicnl has done no end of harm in lopularising spooks. You feel a cold shiver run down your back and see a shadow on the wall, and just at that noment occurs the death of the grand notker of your next door neighbor. Ehere’s something so futile and sense less about it—like the grammar sen •enees in Ollendorf.” . “That kind is irritating, certainly,” issented Rintoul gravely, “but I don’t see that you have unbounded belief in any that you have proved if. to be any the less a. spook. Perhaps you have an unbounded belief in coincidence?” “Oh, bother!” I said crossly. “I have not an unbounded belief in anything: let’s talk of something else; I was never good at arguments, and—I don’t like ghosts.” This was feeble: but Rintoul spared me, and we did not pursue the subject. He seemed thoughtful, and gazed ab stractedly into the fire. I leaned back luxuriously, admiring one or two rare etchings that hung over the mantel: Kiutoul was a. connoisseur in such. .Suddenly my eye fell upon a drawing in red chalk, just opposite my friend’s chair. I recognised Rintoul's touch—they say that tie might have made a man in the world of art had he not chosen to embark on a classical career. “What a magnificent head.” I remark ed. "One doesn’t often meet with a fellow with a profile like that. Fancy, I suppose?” “Xo; a portrait done from memory, but a good likeness for all that. lie was a pupil of mine.” Itintoul relapsed into silence, and the smoke rings curled up as before. The pictured face was a strangely in teresting one. There was a. haunting sadness about it. an indefinable sugges tion of promise unfulfilled. I felt sure that there was a story attached to it. "I’ll tell you about him. if you like,” said niv friend at'last.. knookinc tttUieN'out oi‘ in*, aiiU laying It. on the table. I settled myself to listen. “It was at Rugby I first came across him.” Rintoul began, “when I was ex amining down there for the locals one summer. The day was very hot. and I was sifting with a class that was in for elementary chemistry. I had taken some papers with me’to occupy me. but finished them some time before the ex amination was over, and amused my self by looking round the room at the boys. Most of them were pegging away like mad—some writing down nonsense, no doubt. One. however, was staring blankly ahead: his lips were moving, and I fancied I caught the echo of.some kind of rhyme. lie had evidently for gotten some important point, ami was striving hard to remember it. He was the handsomest lad I had even seen; broad, deep-chested, perfectly made, with the thews and sinews of a young Hercules, and a head—well, you see Iris face up there. • , “At last he gave up in despair, and went on scribbling until time was up. The others gave in their papers and trooped out, but he lingered behind, and when the last had gone, burst out breathlessly: “‘Please, sir. does calcic chloride ef floresce or deliquesce?’ “His impetuosity fairly took my breath away. " ‘Think a moment.’ I said: ‘if you’ve ever experimented, you must have seen whether it takes in or gives out water.’ “A cloud settled on ids brow as he murmured: “ ‘Calcic chloride effloresces. Sodic sulphate deliquesces. Calcic chloride deliquesces.’ “ ‘It goes either way,’ he gasped in horror; ‘I made a little rhyme to help me remember aud I couldn’t for the life of me recollect which way it went—I’ve made a muddle of the whole thing.’ “ ‘My dear fellow, it would have been much less trouble to think than to try to remember a parrot rhyme—especially one that acts both ways!’ I suggested. “ ‘That’s just what I can’t do,’ he re plied sorrowfully; ‘I can learn a. thing by heart, but I can’t think—it isn’t in me.’ “He looked up at me, a> sad, vague, izzled expression in his eyes, and then i turned and left the room. The iuci ?nt haunted me.(fon «. clay or two, .hut „-nc. subsequent ,oven*« «o«r> it it out of my head. After all it was ) unusual thing for a schoolboy to ake a. mess of a. chemistry exam.” Rintoul paused and filled his pipe jain. I did the same, and we smoked silence for some time. Then he re imed: “Three years later I was settled here » a classical tutor. As you know. I ul not got my professorship then, but as coaching pupils in the ordinary ay. There was a very large batch : freshmen that October term, aud wording to report, some of those who id fallen to my lot were very pra ising. I had overhauled most of lorn, and was very well pleased with ie result. One, however. I had yet to •q—Keith, a Rugby fellow. There as a knock at my door one morning day or two after the beginning of the 'rin, and, to my surprise, in walked y friend of the chemistry exam. He id grown and developed, but was herwisc unchanged, and he wore the Line pathetically puzzled expression, e announced himself as ‘Keith.’ aud ion started aud flushed; I saw lie had recognised me. * “ T remember seeing yon at Rugby.’ I said; ‘got over the calcic chloride yet?’ “His color deepened. “ ‘Oh, 1 was ploughed—I generally am.’ "There was a look of actual pain on his face, and I saw that I had touched a tender spot, so I made some casual remark, and began to sound him as to his classical acquirements. They were not varied, blit fortunately he had settled his preliminaries, aud could be gin his special work at once. I fixed the hours at which lie was to come to me, and mapped out a plan of lectures which he was to attend. He noted it all carefully down, aud then departed with a. sigh. There was really some thing very curious about his air of chronic depression. My old interest in him awakened, and I registered a firm resolve to pull him out of the slough of despond if possible. “Well, I did my best, but it was of no earthly use. Keith had summed himself lip correctly when we first met —he simply had no thinking powers; there was "some strange want of con nection between the parts of his brain. He had a certain aptitude for learning things parrot-fashion', .■ and, oh, the amount of unnecessary trouble he gave himself! He reminded me of the child who was overheard persistently and diligently repeating to himself, ‘A horse has four legs—a horse has four legs.’ That was just Keith’s style. At lec tures he invariably took down the di gressions with great care, omitting the essential parts, and his unseen translations were things of horror. It was not that they were grammatically incorrect—the principles of syntax had apparently been hammered into him somehow^—but they were utterly devoid of style, and frequently of sense. It was iike trying to teach au automaton, and I very soon gave up all hope of him. “ ‘Why don’t, you work for a pass?’ I said impatiently one day, after an hour of more than baffling stupidity. “ ‘My father won’t hear of it,’ he re plied; ‘he wTas a wrangler himself, and says he won’t allow a son to loaf through a poll degree. He can’t grasp the fact that I’m no good—never wras— never w’ill be-’ and his hand went wearily up to his head. “ ‘I’ve a good mind to write and sug gest to him that you specialise in ath letics; you ought to carry off your blue in no time,’ I said, with a half- envious glance at the tall, straight figure. He only sighed again, and went off slowly with his books. “An incident occurred that afternoon that confirmed his account of himself. I had been taking a long country walk, and was sauntering back slowly over the river, when I heal'd steps behind me. It was Caffyn, a third-year man; he had his blue, was a very good all round fellow.and was rather a favorite of mine. This afternoon he was evi dently very much put. out; he looked tired and cross, and there was a. frown , upon his brow. J “ ‘It’s that ass Keith,’ he said, apolo- I getically, as I turned to greet him. ‘You should see him in a boat; lie’s about as much idea of rowing as a cow, and it’s impossible to teach him. A fellow with that chest!’ and he gave a dis gusted groan. “ 'He’d row a boat, into the middle of next week, if you left him to himself— lie’s muscle enough—but when it comes to keeping stroke, lie’s nowhere. It’s just the wav in playing tennis; lie’ll serve a. ball into the next court, but one, and beg your pardon while you stand and swear at him. He’s just no sense of direction; he’ll be chucked out of everything if he goes on like this.’ "‘Can’t you account for it in any way?’ I asked. " ‘Xo; they say he was just the same at Rugby—a hopeless, well-meaning, impracticable duffer. I more than halt believe lie’s not all there.’ "We had reached TrinityV and I gave a weary sigh as .1 turned JnTp ^ «S5ownwlio. to all outward ap pearance, possessed every advantage, and was full of latent possibilities, should be just a hopeless failure. “But such was the case: he made stupendous efforts.but ail to no purpose. As the,end of his third year approached, he grew more than usually despondent, and begged me to write to his father, asking that lie might forego the exami nation. “ ‘He’ll never forgive me if I’m ploughed,’ the lad said, ‘and ploughed I shall be, to a dead certainty. It’ll be all right when I get home, if they’ll only let me alone; there’s a lot to be done on the estate, and I can work under direc tion. at anything that doesn’t need brains. If only I once get away from this hateful place!’ he ended with a groan. “The most pathetic part of the whole thing was that he realised his own de fect, and his inability to overcome it; his school raid college life must have been one long period of torture, I wrote to his father, putting the matter as deli cately as I could, but the answer I re ceived proved him to be the worst kind of great Panjandrum, little button'and all. The missive was short, and con tained a politely expressed intimation that he was the best judge of his son’s capacity, and that the said sou knew what to expect if he still obstinately persisted in doing his worst. I showed tiie letter to Keith; I could not well do otherwise, as it was at his request that I had written. He went away very white, and set his lips. “ ‘My father thinks that it’s just ob stinacy and idleness on my part,’ he said; ‘lie’ll never forgive me if I’m ploughed—and I shall be ploughed.’ “The fatal day came at last. It was a lovely .Tune morning, and my heart ached for him as he passed my window on his way to his penance. I met him after the first paper, however, and he seemed almost hopeful; he had been lucky in his translations, both of which he had met with before. But the next paper floored him utterly, and as the week went on. he became reduced to a state of nervous misery that, was piti ful to witness. The tripos was over at last, and then the results had to be waited for. When they came out, a few days latoi-, .1 need hardly say that the name of Keith did not appear on rue list, it was a great blow to me, though. Of COIU'BO. I lin<I lcno'wn that it IVilS In evitable. I avoided the fellow, not feeling aide to offer him any consola tion. and went for a day up the river. “ ‘After all. it’s a storm in a teacup,’ I said to myself, reflectively; ‘what’s a tripos, after all? Keith’s got the making of a. man in him somewhere, and this one blow won’t, floor him. “This I uttered aloud and defiantly, resting on my oars as I sculled up the river: but somehow the words did not cany conviction. “After leaving my boat. I sauntered home by the Backs, and stopped a mo ment by Trinity Bridge before entering my rooms. It was an oppressive, air less night: there was scarcely a rip’ple on the water, and not a leaf was mov ing on the trees. I walked through the cloisters into Xeville’s Court. Xo one was about; the college seemed to have adjourned to the Great Court: at all events, there was a good deal of talking and moving about down there. I was tired, and "went straight .up my stair case into my large room—the one out of this.” He indicated the half-open door with his finger. In the blackness I could just discern the gleam of the shield against, the wall. He continued : “As I entered, a sudden rush of cold air made me shiver. 1 was puzzled to account for it on such a night, but supposed that my sudden entry must have caused a draught. To my sur prise the room was not empty; a figure was standing near the mantel, its head bowed on its hands. It. looked up as I approached, and in the dim light I re cognised Keith. His face was ghastly pale, and his lips moved for a moment or two before words shaped themselves. “ ‘I’ve come to thank you for all you’ve done for me,’ he said; ‘I wonder if I ever could have been any good in the world—anywhere else?’ “1 stretched my hand out, but he did not. seem to see it. “ ‘My dear fellow,’ I said, “you have everything before you yet. It is sheer folly to take the result of your exam, so much to heart. Your father won’t eat you.’ “ ‘It’s too late,’ he repeated, in the same level, dull, monotonous tone—‘too late—too late.’ There was a terrible hunted expression in his eyes. I rea soned, exhorted, pleaded, but all to no avail. ‘I’ve had my last chance, and lost it,’ ho said; ‘you’ve been very good to me, but I knew it was of no use.’ “His head went down on his hands again. A chill, eerie, feeling came over me; it was as though I could not get near him at all; my words seemed to float past him, unheeded and unheard. f “ ‘Go back to your rooms, and go to bed,’ I said, at last; ‘you are worn out; I’ll come round and talk to you to-mor row.” “I moved towards the door and he fol lowed me slowly. We passed down the stair together, and out into the cloisters. The moon was rising over the river, and as we stood there again I felt a breath of icy wind sweeping round the court. It was very strange. ‘I can’t understand-’ I was begin ning, turning to my companion, when to my astonishment I found that he was no longer at my side. “It was a mystery to me how he could have vanished so suddenly. I called his nafbe, but there was no answer. After an ineffectual search I concluded that he had gone back to his rooms by some mysterious short cut, and, being very weary, I turned in. “The next morning I awoke with a vague feeling that something unpleasant had happened—you know thesensation? I was just recalling the events of the night before when Vicars, my gyp, en tered the room. “ ‘Was there anything going on last night, Vicars?’ I asked. ‘I came in late and there seemed to he some excitement outside the dining hall.’ ••Vicars looked very grave. " ‘So you haven’t heard, sir?’ he said. ‘Young‘Mr Keith shot himself just be fore the hall—he was stone dead when they found him; the doctor says it must have been instantaneous.’ “It was two hours later that I had seen and spoken with him!’’ There was a very long silence after my friend had finished his tale. I had no explanation to offer; such an adven ture was altogether beyond the limits of my experience. “It. was I who broke the news to Ins people/’ said Riutonl at last; “the old man never got over it—he died that yeai. I did not tell them about my strange ex perience: it. would have served no pur pose. But one thing I am sure of,” he added, as we lighted our candles, and prepared for bed. “that poor Keith has had another chance since then.- — “I-Iouseuola \V orcis. 