ANOTHER RESCUEll IN PERIL. BROUGHT OUT ALIVE, The news of tho disaster spread like wild Are amongst the sewerage hands, and there Was no lack of volunteers for the hazardous duty below. When Sherman M'Kenzie and Hparo rose to the mouth of the shaft with the pews ot further losses, Edwin M'Avrl, George Gibbs, Samuel Warby, Wjjliam, La yers, — , Prowse and Adolphus M'Kenzie descended. The latter was already some what worn through a rapid bicycle ride which had brought him to the shaft's mouth, and fie had walked but a few yards when lie was overcome by the poisonous gases. Warby, Lavers and M'At-d conveyed him on a truck to the cage, and lie was hoisted into the fresh uir, which quickly re vived him. His rescuers then returned to render further assistance, and were just in . time to take charge of I'rowse, who in turn had been knocked down by the fumes. Tn his case also it was happily found thnt fresh air was a quick restorative. It was then discovered that the safety of all below was menaced by a faulty plug in the air lock. Warby, however, promptly repaired the leak by putting in a pew plug, and then M'Ard anil Gibbs volunteered to enter the face compartment. Air. A. J. AI'Kenzie was now directing operations below, and after a good deal of hesitation on his part and earnest entreaty by the volunteers, he gave his assent to the proposal. "After we passed through the lock-," Al'Ard said, "I went first with the trolly, and my mate followed with the lights. We went in about 200 feet, though it seemed more like a mile. The stench further on wns terrible, but by and bye we came across poor Gibson lying in the water, Which was about 12 incites deep in the centre. We tried to get him 011 to the trolly, although we could sec lie was dead. Lut my mate was suddenly overcome, am fell on the floor of the tunnel. When ho fell, the lights he had went out, and all I could do was to drag myself along towards him. I stumbled and fell over him, but I managed to get up again, and scrambled out. Then when I came out alone I sank down exhausted. 'Where's your mate?' asked Sam Warby. 'He's done,' I said, and then the boss said to us all, 'Not another man shall go in with my permission. It's suicidal, and I won't have it.' So wo went up above, and about 20 minutes after wo were scared to hear someone tap, tapping on the air pipe. We did not ask any permission to go down then, and the boss he said nothing, but just went down with a full party of us. Gibbs was behind the lock tapping on the pipe, and we did not lose much time getting to him. When George Gibbs saw me, you'd have thought he saw a ghost. 'How did you got here?' he asked, und I told him I managed to creep out. 'Lord God, I'm thankful for that, for I am nearly dead,' ho said. Poor George must have lost his head after I got out, because he crawled back towards the face a few feet, found one of the unlighted candles and brought it out with him." Gibbs had calculated his state of health accurately when ho said he was "nearly dead." With his hand on his mate's shoul der he fainted away, and was conveyed in vehicle to the Alfred HospitaL There he recovered consciousness, and late last night ivas progressing towards recovery. 