s \ vitioit PitlBiite. to 1 18\. i - 111a jnnfs are invited to submit to I'orrM°n*f*abUTalk smartly written te i Tf accepted, payment will be ar«^to« to onr iirart <nten. The l®*8^ mu«»t be authentic, original hrn Correspondents should aim K^ and literary flnieh. ■ _ n-oniwicVi solicitor has commenced an »^,9fc the Birmingham Daily Post for not kfcU in which he was engaged. ■ the "corn doctor." who was irafl£r° in Qaoe"sla"1 f»r insulting ■ v?.hnnt the Queen, recently tried to stop a K p w"th hi, leS. Result: His leg was cut Kie British Empire was not upset. ■hiv the Age had ft circulation of 100.000 ■Lnfrtie Crown were sleeping on the doorWA David Syme's office. Now that the "great. Klition" has had a mighty fall, the proprietor of constantly hanging about the offices of ■iters of the Crown." ■uinnRine mistake has been made in connection ■itsidentification of the name of the gentleman ■so r.lflverly impersonated "Svengali" at Lord ■say's Bell. The general imuression is that it ■fr. Christie, the astute Victorian Customs ■tiro whereas as ft matter of fact it was his ■aMIr. Langham Christie, a gentleman well Hroin society. ■ Barman Tarrant ha* "declined" the request ■kids of his old Kiama constituents to ■limself to be nominated for the electorate at ■wbcomin? general election. Thelively medico, ■in just returned to Sydney from his romantic ■nond the world, would not have the ghost of a Kiren in the " ghostlv" constituency. His hope ^mastering into politics again has long ago ■tecourse of a speeoh at a social gathering. ^Bll; Arranged by Mr. J Fitzgerald. president of ■iiltic Club, the Hon; "Dan O'Connor, ex-PostBfa General of New South Wales, stated in terms his " experience of his fellow ■hmpn evervwhpre to he their readiness to HhiffirhAftranco and support promiscuously to all Bw,whilst, exhibiting ft correspond in g spirit of Bfc'mand lack of loyalty to those of their own ■ w-ftylrd "evangelist." of the class which ■*»r8 to find New Zealand ahappv hunting ground. |tan committed for trial at Dunediu on a charge B®eio? a letter for £,2. Richard H. Keast is the ■""•Hump, and he is not unknown in Victoria. It B®»h0waa living in the house of the man whose ■Jwhe js charged with forging, and there being a B*ihtsrof course he became engaged to her. and ■^®8d to settle .£3000 on her, meanwhile he bor|^i South Australian Agent-General, Mr. ElevIj'tag had an awkward interview with Mr. clerk taken from a good position in the Holland Westminster Bank to show-the A gentle ,.'a filerks how to manage the business of stock K^on. Cherry was dismissed, and commenced for damages. In t.he interim he intorMr. Play ford, and commenced to knock the ■?*furniture about in his energetic remonstrances. ■ was eventually bundled out of the office I'^ple of clerba. I * ■ivl8evera^ years it was not considered wise to ■C18® 8'disciple of Diogenes on the pnblic plat■iil! j learned Professor Rentoul was kept BtwJi amongst his hooks and students at Ita ' impmdonce of allowing the ■ ' orator with uncontrollable temper to again 1R now unmistakable. The snap KJ u cvnical Doctor at his brother Professor ■ wirt. i< wbo,n ho publicly taunted, the other B^fali ,86e'nS with the eyes of a Pharisee' has many peace-loving people. If • * • the disappearance of the Mfl£fi . rian "Parliament, it is stated, will be ■Won? 1,0 distant date. Some person, who. j l^lhfto^08^' ba^ been silenced, is determine ®ba11 not die with her. and ft f""1 j llf'tar!! .8l0n b° tli® newspapers is promised ■hstu • 't will he welcome news to Melbourne I iHr! SP«aker Mason is about to give an ■^tt*nfi* substantial Mace. The stolen one. §^toat£250()C |Simile °* bbe English Mace, it is | ha^ro^ntlv English cricketer, C T B TurnQ making inquiries through Mr. bymak^ Jnf C0nfi0.rn ^a tfece of land he won ele^n ™?ATC°rl'n fh°m*teh> Hon- lvn Rbsh'a the titln /i Ji rcU6r ^Queensland) in 1882. received THf6! % °* he has ne™ the New R Jnrf J J6/e"ed to is a° allotment in of IbonT S- S ?8tate* Tt had a market value £1 no p In.^ ?. hut would not fetch more than rates have nTnne *hat about fourteen years' Read will b« aeerued upon the allotment, Mr. severely alone.W lf h® leaves his prize • * . emSoJnTnf0!? authoritiea have opened anew field of t£ W0^6n m Paris b.V entrusting to S th.6 ^ction of forged banknotes. It is exceedingly difficult to distinguish between the genuine and the counterfeit notes, and it is to the fact that ■ fineness of touch characteristic of woman's misers is so much more acute than those of a man tmat she has been pressed into the service of the Govornmenfc as a detective, since it is by the touch only that these forgeries can be found out. In a recenh Melbourne case, even the bank officials were unable to decide whether some suspected notes were forgeries of their own institution. . # . J- JP. T. Caui,pield. the " Bov Politician," who has lust made a descent on New Zealand, is a boy of older growth than some people imagine. According to him. " Victorian politics are mostly wind, dust, and ashes." Perhaps it is in consequence of this alleged discovery that the "Boy Politician" has apparently abandoned politics for life assurance. In New Zealand there is something more in politics, as they are played, than wind, dust and ashes. The sport is a very fine, rosy little game, and Boy Caulfield will find he has a good deal to learn in New Zealand worth knowing. There is more gold dust than any other dust in New Zealand politics. # * * The New Zealand people are mad with themselves for having lavished hospitalities on the "Earl of TTardwicke," who recently travelled through New Zealand and was entertained and flattered till further orders, and now proves to have been a fraud —plain Harry tPicton. who has been arrested in Sydney for obtaining jewellery by fake representations. They should ho more careful about these "dukes" and "earls." One out of every three proves a fraud and gets into gaol; and it is so annoying to upstart aristocrats who have cracked bottles of champagne with them or got up balls and picnics in their honour. # * * Thus a military officer: " Lieutenant Colonel Freeman looked crest-fallen at Mayor McEaeharn's banquet when Lieutenant-Colonel Hoad was called upon to respond for the Army ; but nobody thought he would assert his seniority by resigning his commission in the Force. By the way. Colonel Hoad I has mistaken his vocation. The gallant soldier is a born orator and would make his mark as a politician. His chief, the General, is an able commander and a tough fighter. He loves to face the enemy's fire but is as timid as a chicken when called upon to make a speech in public. On one occasion the General never got further than " Your Excellency, Mr. Mayor and Gentlemen," and' stopped for five minutes, the pause being filled up hy an indulgent audience with encouraging applause." • * • The way in which that preposterous "psychologist of Love," Charles Fisher Laugier, has been spoken of as a type of French morality, shows that after all British insular prejudice is as crass as at the beginj ning of the century, when people were solemnly warned that the French language was one of the "unknown tongues" prohibited by the Bible. The French as a nation are quite as exemplary as the British. An English writer recently quoted statis-. tics to show that out of a population of 2.500.000 there are only 300,000 vrai Parisiens. The dissolute foreigners who flock to the pleasure capital of the world are the real destroyers of Parisian women. Compare the morality of the whole population of Paris with that of Melbourne or Sydney, and the average will be no worse. * * * Two man-of-war's men of H.M.S. Pylades were much wanted the other day by the Queensland inspector for the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, and also by a Brisbane livery stable keeper. It appears that the two mariners hired a horse from Mr. Young s stables m Romastreet, and the result was that the horse fell dead S the shafts after being driven about the country for a few hours at a pace faster than a sober « hndlubber" would care to proceed. The owner, through bis solicitor, communicated with the inspector of the society, and as the Pylades was leaving a few hours afterwards, warrants were issued for the arrest of the two men, but as they had taken shelter nnder the aegis of their commander's authority, the police did not execute the warrants. Mr Young not only loses the value of his horse, but had to pay a further sum of £1 to bury it when the tars had finished with it. The stories told by many wives in the Divorce Court reveal an amount of wifely devotion and forbearance which is so stupendous that the marvel is how they brought themselves in the end to sue for a divorce. Think over the statement of Edith Emily Lowe, formerly a milliner at Dayleaford, who obtained this week a decree nisi of divorce from Edgar Ernest Lowe, described as " originally a gentleman and landowner." Mrs. Lowe says that at her husband's desire she wont to Sydney and acted as companion to a Mrs. McLean, who was living apart from her husband. Lowe used to kiss Mrs. McLean when saying good night, but never kissed his wife, and this led the patient woman to tell her husband that she was not "feeling comfortable." Not long afterwards Mrs. Lowe had evidence of the improper relations between her husband and Mrs. McLean. Condonation took place, but subsequently Lowe said he could not leave Mrs. McLean altogether, as " she had become a Christian." A little while after Mrs. Lowe again forgave this unctious husband, but at last she got a maintenance order against him, and then he cleared out from Sydney with his paramour. This seems to. have resolved Mrs. Lowe to proceed for a divorce. * # * The Advocate mentions that the modes adopted by the Salvation Army for " raising the wind" were severely criticised at the Fitzroy Council at its last meeting, when an application was made to exempt the" Haven, or Maternity Home" from the payment of rates. The finance committee of the council reported that the exemption should not be made, as the " Haven" did not come within the meaning of a charitable institution. During the discussion of the subject, " Councillor Millis was strongly opposed to giving encouragement to institutions of that class. Many of the ratepayers were fathers of large families, and it was manifestly unjust that they should be called upon to contribute to the support of other people's children. If a woman who had to go out to work left her child at the "Haven" for the day she had to pay for it. The philanthropy of the Salvation Army was nothing but business. It was simply a huge trading concern. Councillor Yager fully concurred with all that Councillor ! Millis had said. Slowly but surely the Army was branching out in all trades. Councillor Delves said he knew that the young women at the " Haven" were compelled to work at sewing during their stay there, and the goods they manufactured were sent to various branches of the Army in the colony and sold. Councillor Grayson said the Army was becoming the largest trading organisation in the colony." The recommendation of the committee was adopted, and the profits from the " huge trading concern" will have to pay the municipal rates imposed on the "Haven." Shopkeepers are complaining that the Army has become a nuisance to tradespeople. • * * The State-school teacher, Charles Fisher Laugier, is a bright sort of youth for a girl's friendship! No educated man of the world would have acted so stupidly as to make an exhibition of himself in the newspapers, and it is to be hoped this precious specimen of a State-school teacher and his sort in all walks of life have now learned the first lesson in flirtation—" Kiss but never tell." What a Pretty How do you Do there would be if all the details of all degrees of "courtings" and flirtations were to be ventilated in a police court and then published in the newspapers. Miss Rachel Begg, the pupil teacher, very likely went through, what Goethe calls, the "Storm and Stress Period" of her maidenhood. She may have discussed Grant Allen's naughty book, The Woman Who Did. She may even have quite innocently discussed the marriage question with Laugier, "the student of human nature," who was making "deceitful" love experiments on the 18year-old girl, with the object of vindicating Zola. But what of that? Nowadays reading people see all these vexed questions discussed in the daily papers, and many young people are under the impression that there is not any harm in discussing^ such matters academically with intellectual male friends. Of course, the "sex novels" are responsible for a great deal of loose talk between respectable men and women. No well-bred gentleman, however, will introduce the subjectto a lady, and, certainly, it is not the lady as a rule who first starts the risky discussion. Generally it is the man who starts by asking whether you have read some new bpok. Polished gentlemen, to whom the honor of a lady is dearer than their own lives, are evidently not to be found by the score in Australian bush townships.' Still it does not prove that when a girl joins in a conversation of this kind, forced on her by a half-educated, conceited, erazy erotic, that she is wicked-minded. It is simply precocity and nothing else. Mr. Panton did quite right in dismissing the charge of perjury against the much-to-be-pitied young lady, although we would like to see magistrates abstaining from preaching. That is the duty of the newspapers, and Laugier ia sure to get his deserts. Talk about the vindictiveness of a woman whose love has been scorned P Laugier has proved that some "creatures" called men are very incarnations of spite, malice, and implacable vindictiveness. The best thing Laugier can do is to deport himself to Klondyke. 