[?] WE were a great houcoful of people Tliey always had a houseful for Christmas at the Court. I have spent many a jnerry Christmas there since, but never one so merry as that. I suppose it was because we were all young, and at that time of life when you only see the lights and none of the shadows. Besides Julian loved me. I had been certain of that ever since we met at Scarborough in the summer; and since I had been stay ing in his father's house, he had found a thousand little ways of making me more than sure that this dear old house was to be my home, and I the happiest mistress that ever owned it, because Julian loved me. It was the night before Christmas Eve, and all we young folks were dancing in the big hall ; and it was between two waltzes, as I sat resting in one of the deep window seats, sheltered by the heavy curtain, that Julian lilted the curtain, and passed in, and sat beside me. The window seat was in the shadow of the great stair, and the rest of the company were gathered round the piano, and were laughing and talking so gaily, that his words were no more heard by them than the soft sighing of the pine trees outside. No one heard what lie said but I, and no one ever shall hear ; for you netd not suppose that I am going to write down here what he said to me. Qut it was one of those very happy moments that come so seldom and that lights one's life when they do come for a long, long way back and ' forward. And. he told me he should speak to his father next day. Now I come of good family, and had a handsome property of my own. I was A nice-looking girl in those days, and considered agreeable and accomplished, as girls went. So next day when I met Julian in the hall for a moment after breakfast, I never ex pected the answer to be anything but ?yes1 when I said : ' Is your father pleased with your choice ?' To my surprise Julian hesitated, then he answered : ?I think he is pleased with my choice, but he begs us to consider nothing as settled until after Christ mas Eve.' 1 Why ?' I asKed naturally enough. ' I can't tell you now. It's a long tale, and those Danvers girls will be here in a minute. I promised, like the fool I am, to go skating with them. But this afternoon when we come in to tea, if you should happen to be in the library instead of the hall, one might perhaps get a word with one's sweetheart.' The Danvers girls came in while he was speaking, but he finished his speech in my ear with great calmness, and I went off to nurse my new hap piness, and wonder at and delight in u until the time was come when I should see him again. 1 soltly slipped into the library and closed the heavy door after me. The dusk was falling, the firelight shone pleasantly on the gla« of the book cases and the gill backs of the books, and I stoud by the window and watrhe l the skatinij-party come up fr in me lake. 1 hadn't had a word wit u J uli.ii- ail day I couldn't skate, for 1 ..ad promised my dear mother years heiure that 1 would never go on the ice, because my father had been killed by an ice accident 1 saw them come up, jingling their skates and talking merrily, and two minutes later Julian was in with me. ' How nice and warm it is in here, my dear little love,' he began. 1 1 have been in purgatory all day — such c a cold purgatory too.' ' And indeed his face was as cold as ? ! ice. . When he had thawed his hands .a little by the fire, we sat down to ' gether on one of the leather covered settees, and he said : * Now, heart of mine, we have only a few, few minutes for all our stories and explanations, for I must get back to the other people before the tea ' comes in. The real fact is— there's a ghost in our family.' I turned my foot this way and that, : to watch the play of the firelight on i my patent-l- iather shoe. ' I don't j think/ 1 remarked, still looking down, ' ? that a ghost would be an insuper i able objection.' /It's not quitf that,*, he said, EeMtatingly.'''' ? ? , , _, , f What is it ?' I, asked. ' The story is' sure to bes interesting; tell it to nic? ; laliso.' : 'Well, the story runs that a certain rift'/ ancestress of mine ran away . and got married without her par jf'. ents' consent. The te marriage didn't I™ turn out well or something. At any- rate, she was plagued with re morse in her' later years, and very inconsistently undertook to appear and give her blessing when ever the heir of this house * - becomes engaged to a amiable young person ; and if she doesn't appear the engagement doesn't come off. That's all, my dear.' ' But do you mean to tell me,' I exclaimed, for I could not help think ing he was laughing at me, ' that you would give me up just because a Stunid filrl phn«;t Hirln't nuf in ile nrv. pearance at a certain hour and place?' 1 No, I wouldn't,' he replied, ' but my father would never consent, and I am sure you would never marry me without his consent.' ' I'm not so sure of that,' I s;iid to myself in a low voice. ' I don't want to have any secrets from you, little woman ; so I won't pretend that I shan't feel a good deal happier if the ghost does appear on Cliristmas Eve, as I have no doubt she will do.' ' But am I to understand then, that ever since your ancestrcss took this ridiculous resolution, her ghost lias appeared to sanction the engagement of each heir of the house in succes sion ?' ? Of course you will laugh at it,' he went on in rather an injured way, ' but that really is the story. My father will tell you that lie saw it, and his father before him ; and I haven't the slightest doubt I shall see it on Christmas Eve. My father and I will sit up for the purpose.' ' A pack of old wives' stories 1' I rejoined indignantly. ' Look here, Julian, I'm not going to wait for the ghost to refuse me and I'm not going to marry into a family that believes in £uch nonsense.' *' ' Oh I aren't you?' said Julian, quite calmly, ' we shall see about that, my dear. You know perfectly well that I love you so much that nothing on earth would ever induce me to give you up. But you see how much pleasanter it would be for everybody if the ghost gave us her blessing arid ' in the orthodox manner.' 1 really even then thought he was playing some sort of joke on me, but no, he was quite serious, and I had actually to be in that ridiculous posi tion of being engaged for more than three days. And Julian was very careless and people- were always coming in and finding us at different comers of the room as if we had just jumped there : and once I am certain one of those Danvers girls saw him kiss my ear as we went upstairs before dinner. The night before Christmas Eve I real.ly felt almost worried out of my life, and when I went up to bed I sent away my maid, put on my dress ing gown, let down my hair and settled down in front of the fire to have a good cry. I had hardly begun, how ever, when there was a soft tap at my door, and Lady Cary herself came in. She was a dear little old lady. At least, she couldn't have been more than forty-five, but that seems old when you are only eighteen. 'May I come in?', she asked, in her soft sweet voice, and came in at once, shut the door, and sat down opposite me in the other chair. ' Dear, dear, dear 1' she said. ' Now whatever is the matter ?' ' I'm tired,' I replied, ' and I've got a cold in ray head.1 Lady Cary turned her eyes to the fire and fixed them there. ' Such a model of frankness and candour!' she said, slowly; 'that's what Julian said when he told me he was engaged to you. It came, it's true, at the end of a list of your more important qualities, beauty and sweet ness arid angelic charm.' She suddenly raised her eyes to me, and I crept humiliated to the low stool at her feet. ' I'm very sorry,' I murmured ; ' I didn't know that Julian had told you anything, and it seems so strange to be engaged and nobody, to wish you happiness, or good luck, or anything, and' to be depending on a stupid ghost ; and I think I was wishing, when you. came in, that there was someone, that — that my mother had not died 'when I was quite a little thing.' ' ' Lady . Cary stroked my hair. 'There, poor child,1 she said ; 'there is someone. Tell me all about it.' And I told her all about it as well as I could, and when I had finished she broke out with a funny little laugh. ' My dear, I felt just as you do about it when I was your age, and Lord Cary's mother came to my as sistance' exactly as I am coming to yours, and as I believe the lady of the house has always come to' her son's assistance ever since the White Lady promised to 'walk.' It depends on you, my dear, whether Julian and his father receive a satisfactory ghostly blessing on the engagement or not.' ? ' I wasn't crying a bit about the ghost,' I said, hardly hearing what she said. ' If you would only say that yon woultMike me to be ? ' ' Of course I would, that's why I'm here. It's my belief that the 'Lady Cary has always had a good bit of a voice in her son's choice. My dear, the White Lady walked before I was engaged, and I had to undergo just such a tiresome probation as you are writhing under to-night, and my future mother- in-law showed me how to end it as you will end it to-morrow.' ?I?' .'Yes; I have no doubt Julian told you that on Christmas Eve the in tending bridegroom and his father, if the father be alive, are bound to watch in the chapel from eleven till one, and across the gallery at the end the White Lady glides as the clock strikes twelve. You will have to practice gliding, my dear ; it is a very difficult art.' ' Then you mean that I— that you ? ' ' I mean that you must, in the character of the White Lady, pro nounce your own blessine on your own engagement, as I did on mine, and as I believe all the ladies of Cary have done on theirs. It's the secret of the ladies of this house, and I should never have told it to you if I hadn't believed that you are the best wife in the world for my Julian.' ?' , 'Then you mean to tell' me,. Lady Cary,' ! said„when. 1 had recovered from my deliuKt al this little speech, ' that you yourself played the part of the ghost in this house..' ' 1 did indeed, my dear,' she replied, and it was the best night's work I ever did.' And her voice trembled, and her face lighted up with the recollection of old happiness. ' I have got the dress still, the white satin and the pearls, and the veil that my mother-in-law gave me, they were miles too big for. me, and you shall wear them. The men are bound not to moye from the chapel for an hour after midnight,, which is a merciful provision to give one time to get com fortably out of the way before they can find any traees'of one. The way to the' gallery is rather peculiar; there are two secret doors to pass, but 1 will show you the trick of these to-morrow, and I will.be there to re ceive you when -'you 'find your way back to the modern side of the Court. You mustn't be nervous about it.' ? ' Nervous 1' I exclaimed, 'there is nothing to be nervous about ; only one can't help— — ' ' No, don't say you can't help despising Julian for it. It runs in the blood, my dear, like their fair hair and their blue eyes, and you must tjke -people as you find them, and make the best of them.' She gave me another good kis3, and walked off with her bedroom candle. The next night at eleven she came again to my room. She dressed me in the white satin and pearls, and powdered my face thickly to give me the pallid look necessary far my ghostly character. It was always the custom at the Court to go to bed early on. Christmas Eve, so that by a quarter to twelve the house was perfectly quiet. I took up the heavy, old-fashioned candle stick I was to carry, and crept out of the room, my white satin and pearls covered by a dark cloak. I found the spring Lady Cary had shown me under a carved wreath on an oak panel, pressed it, the panel turned on a pivot, I passed in and it closed behind me. Then I stood quite still, holding my breath, and listening, lest anyone should have heard me pass from my room'to this. But there was no sound — only I could hear aiy own heart beating. I walked along the passage in which I found myself. The dust lay thickly under foot, so that my steps made no noise as I walked. It was a narrow passage made of rough stone-work, and a door at the other end which stood ajar and was easily opened, led me to a part of the house that I had never been in before. It Vas the suit of apartments that had been oc cupied by the White Lady, ani since ' ' LOOK I' 1 SAID, ™ LoftTVfilTRE — THERi^-Vp IS^AGAltfT''7' her time no one had lived in them. Everything was just as she had left it. Her garments and personal possessions were littered on the tables and chairs. There was a lute, all its strings broken but one ; and one stiff dress on a chair looked to me so like a human being that I paused for at least a minute before I had courage to go up to it and see that it was only heavy gold brocade. The dull) dark tapestries on the wall swayed a little now and then — with the wind, I suppose — but it seemed to me that something, anything, might be hidden behind them. My hand trembled so that I could hardly hold the candlestick, and the wax of the candle ran in a small stream over my fingers. Lady Cary had said I should be nervous, and I certainly was. Then quite suddenly a thought came to me that sent all the blood rushing to.my heart and nearly choked me. Suppose Lady Cary was wrong ; sup pose there was a ghost after all, and here was I alone in the rooms sacred to its use and memory. It wouldn't bear thinking of. I grasped the silver candlestick and hurried on through the long suite of rooms. At the end of the last ante-chamber I came to another panel like the one in the corridor, pressed a similar spring, and found myself on a little flight of stairs which Lady Cary had warned me led directly to the gallery. At the foot of this I was to wait till I heard the church clock begin to strike, then to walk forward boldly across the gallery, and descend a flight of steps at the other side, which would lead me into a passage communicating with the suite of rooms I had just left. V . w I didn't like the idea ol that long sequence of mouldering emptiness behind me, I tried co get the panel to shut, but it ^anidn't act ; itshinges w'fire stiff, and I was afraid of making rhem creak. There I waited ; and if it was a wrong thing to do to deceive my future husband in that way, I Can only say I was well punished for it. What I suffered in those five minutes no one can believe who simply sees it written down here. What I should have liked to do was to bolt back to my room like a rabbit and marry Julian in spite of all his father's opposition. But I have a habit of carrying a thing through when once started. Besides, I didn't want Lady Cary to think me a fool. T lullti mv hpnrt beating to that degree that I felt as if they could hear it in the chapel. At last came the long, dull, slow stroke of the clock. I gathered up my satin draperies, held the candle high, and walked up the steps. It was a short flight, and in another moment I was in the gallery. My knees were knocking together with the double fear of being found out, and of diving again out of the comparative light and safety of the chapel into the un known depths of that dark stair beyond. The white moon shone through the windows of the clerestory, and there was air here as well as light, and movement, and human com panionship ; for, as I stepped into the gallery, I saw in the chancel below the two figures of my lover and his father. They had two tapers beside them and watched as one watches the dead. I drew my veil over my face, held my candle high and walked forward. I felt rather than heard the hushed ? Ah 1' from the chancel which told that they had seen mc. Holding my candle high above me I walked — for in that hour of terror my gliding lessons vanished from my memory, leaving no trace — to the other side of the gallery, and passed under the low wooden doorway and down the flight of stairs. The way was easy to find and, somehow, 1 felt that the worst was over now. True, there were those HmHIv deserted rooms to traverse, but at the end of them, warmth, light, fire, my own room and Lady Cary, who was there wailing for me. So I followed the passage I found at the foot of the stairs till it brought mc to the sliding panel I had been unable to shut, which let me into the ante-room of the White Lady's bedroom. It was with a sigh of relief that I pushed it open and passed through it. I hastened through the dark rooms and was bfginning to feel something approaching a return of what I always like to consider my natural fearless ?ness, when I saw that I wasn't alone. There was another light in the great dark room and it was advancing to wards me. My first thought was — Lady Cary — and I hurried to meet her. The next moment I saw the fear I had thrust from me in this room ten minutes before had been no idle terror. It was not Lady Cary, who was coming towards me with the candle in hand, up-raised in a silver candlestick. It was not Lady Cary who wore satin and pearls and a death white face. It was the White Lady —the ghost herself— in whose charac ter and in whose rooms I was madly masquerading. In the frantic struggle not to shriek, not to scream, riot to belruy my pre sence here to Julian and his father, my candle slipped from my hand. At the same instant the ghost's light, too, was extinguished, and I was alone in the dark— in the rooms of a dead woman, with that dead woman's face and form not three yards from mc— in the dark. I ' Ah I' I drew a Jong breath. There J was a smell of vinegar nnd smelling salts. Somebody wi3 rubbing my hands. I was very wld. ? Oh I thank God, jrc you better? It was Lady Cary wfo was speaking. I opened my eyes, a»d looked at her. I was in my own rqbin, pleasant and bright with fire and hmp-light- Lady Cary was bending oicr me with a very anxious face indeed. ' It's all right, my dear. You fainted in those dreadful 'dark rooms. It must havo been a great trial. I knew it would be. But you are safe now, my child.' I sat up ; the wet vinegar cloth flopped from my forehead as I did so, and fell on my hands. ' Lady Cary,' I said, ' I have seen the ghost, the real ghost, and it came close to me in that dreadful room.' 'Your qerves 'are over-wrought,' answered Lady Cary, calmly. ' I don't wonder. You must have fancied some bit oj drapery or shadow to be a ghost.' I ' It was jis real as I am,' I said ; ' I thought it was you at first. Oh, it is horrible, most horrible !' Lady Cary would not let me talk about it any more. She stayed with me that night, and in the morning gave out that I vas too unwell to come to breakfist, which I certainly was, and about noon she came up to my room. i ' Now,' she said, 'overyone is out skating. Have you the courage to come with me to the White Lady's rooms, and find out what optical illusion it was that so frightened you last night ?' ' I have a thousand things to ask you,1 I said. ' How did I get back to my room ?' ? I got uneasy about you last night, and came to look for you,' she said. ' And did you carry me back ?' Lady Cary laughed. ' My dear, if we are to go we must go at oncc, or we shall have the maids upon us.' She threw a shawl round me, and we crossed the corridor. The oak panel swung on its pivot, we passed through and it closed behind us. In another minute we were in the White Lady's rooms. Seen by the dim daylight that filtered through the cobwebbed panes of glass, the rooms were most deso late than ever, and almost as enrie. But with Lady Cary's arm round me I could have faced it even in the dark, I thought. We passed through one room after another, out nowneic wjs uim any thing that could by the wildest imagination be made to resemble white satin and pearls, and a raised arm holding a lighted candle. We walked to the further end and then retraced our steps. Lady Cary was just saying, ' It must have been pure imagination,' when I caught a glimpse of something moving at the end of the room— something white — and stopping short, rigid with terror, I pointed towards it. 'Lookl' I said, 'Look there — there it is again I' Lady Cary put up her double eye glass and looked. ' You poor, dear, blessed little innocent,' she said. ' Don't you see that it's a looking-glass, and reflects nothing worse than your pretty self in your white dressing-gown ?' Even then I was hardly to be con till cVi#» IpH mp un tr» fhr* glass panel and I saw my own furred gown and scared face reflected in its depths did I understand the height of my own folly the night before. But then I was convinced, and Lady Cary led me back to my own room to pet and coax and laugh at me till I should be in a fit frame of mind to meet my lover. When I went down to luncheon lord Cary rose up before all the com pany and kissed my forehead, and welcomed me as his daughter and his son's wife ; and such before the next Christmas Eve I became. It was on the evening of our wed ding day that I felt I could not keep my secret no longer. 'Julian,' I said, 'I hope you will forgive me. 1 have something hor rible to tell you.' ' Proceed,' he answered, with a in hie PVM ' But it really is horrible, and per haps you will not forgive me. But I couldn't bear to tell you before, for fear it should interfere somehow with our marriage.' ' You rack me with suspense,' he replied, cheerfully. ' What is this horror that might have parted us at the altar steps ?' Then I told him how I had played the ghost on Christmas Eve ; and when my tale was ended, I hung my head, waiting liis reproaches. ' My dear little woman,' he said, putting his arms round me, ' this is ancient history.. Who, do you sup pose, carried you out of the ghost's room that night ?' ' Did you ? Did Lady Cary ? ?' ?Of course she did. . You didn't sup pose that a dear little shrimp of a woman, such as my mother is, could carry my big, blonde beauty ?' ' And you are not angry ?' ' Do 1 look it ?' he asked. ' And you think I was right, and your mother was right?' ' Yes, sweetheart, and all the other fair ladies who have played the ghost on Christmas Eve to win a superstitious Cary for a husband. I only wish we were better worth the trouble.' As to that I have my own opinion. 