CORLEONE. By MARION P. CRAWFORD, Author of '. Doctor Claudius," " Mr. Isaacs'' " Sant Tiaro," " Three Fates," "The Witch of Prague," "Zoroaster," &c;, &c.; CHAPTER ILL (Con Untied.) The two brothers looked about, with some curiosity, while the fat sacristan slowly jingled his bunch of keys against his leg. " Here the dead walk at night," he observed, cheerfully, as the two young men came up to him. " What do you mean ?" asked Orsino, who had been much amused by the man's conversation. "The old Paglluca walk. I have seen their souls running about the floor in the dark, like little candle flames. A little more, and I should have seen their bodies, too, but I ran away. Soul of my mother I was frightened. It was on the eve of Santa Vittoria, five years ago. The candles for the festival had not come, though we had waited all day for the carrier from Piediuionte. Then he came at dark, for he had met a friend in Llnguaglossa, and he was a drunkard, and the wine was new, so he slept on his cart all the way, and it was by the grace of the Madonna that he did not roll off into the ditch. But I considered that it was late, and that the office began, t early in the morning, and that many strangers came from Bronte and the hill village to our feet, and that it would be a scandal if they found us still dressing the church in the morning. 'so I took the box of' candles on my (back and came here, not thinking to bring a lantern, because there is always the lamp before the altar, where the saint's bones are.- Do you understand ?" " Perfectly. But what about the Pagliuca ?" " My brother, said You will see the Pagliuca for everyone says it. But I had a laugh at (him, for I thought that a dead man involves grave must be as quiet as a handkerchief in a drawer. So I came, and" unlocked the door, thinking about the festival, and I came in, meaning to take a candle from the box and light it at the altar lamp, so that I might see well to stick the others into the candlesticks. But there was the flame of a candle burning on the floor. It ran away from me as I came in, and others ran after it, and round and round it. Then I knew that I saw the souls of the old Pagliuca, and I said to myself that presently I should see also their bodies-an evil thing, for they have been long dead. Then I made a movement-who»knows how I did ? I dropped the box, and I heard it break, and all-the candles rolled out upon the floor as though the dead Pagliuca were rattling their, bones. But I counted neither one nor two, but jumped out into the road with one jump. Santa Vittoria helped me and it was a bright moonlight night, but as I shut the door I could see the souls of the Pagliuca jumping up and down on the pavement. I said within me, when the dead dance, the living go home. And my face was white. When I came home, my brother said You have seen the Pagliuca.' And I said I have seen' them. Then he gave me some rum, and I lay in a cold sweat till morning. From that time it will not come herent night. But in the daytime it is different." Orsino and Ippolito knew well enough that in old Italian churches, where many dead are buried under the pavement, it is not an uncommon thing to see a will-o'-the-wisp at night. But in the dim little church, with the dead Pag- lines lying under their feet, there was something gruesome about the man's graphic story, and they did not laugh. " Let us Hope that we may not see any ghosts," said Orsino. " Amen," answered the sacristan, de- voutly. "" That is the organ, he said, pointing to the loft. 6 He led the way. On one side of the entrance a small arched door gave access to a narrow winding staircase in the ' thickness of the wall, lighted by narrow slits opening to the air. Though the loft had not appeared to be very high above the pavement, the staircase seemed very long. At last the three emerged upon, the boarded floor, at the back of the instrument, where four greasy, knotted ropes hung out of worn holes in, the cracked wood. The rose window over the door of the church threw a bright light into the little forest of dusty wooden and metal pipes above. The ropes were for working the old- fashioned bellows. Ippolito went round and took the thin deal cover from the keyboard. He was surprised to find a double bank of keys, and an octave and a half of pedals, which is very uncommon in country organs. He was further unprepared to see the name of a once famous maker in Naples just above the keys, but when he looked up he understood, for on a gilded scroll, supported by two rickety cherubs above his head, he read the name of the donor. " FERDINANDUS PALIFCA PRIN- CEPS CORLEONIS COMES SANCTAE VICTORIAE SICULUS DONAVIT A.D. MDCCCXXI." The instrument was, therefore, the gift of a Fei'dinanido palings, Prince of Corlesse, Count of Santa Vittoria, probably of one of those Pagliuca whose solos the fat sacristan believed he had seen "jumping up and down on the pavement." The sacristan tugged at the ropes that moved the bellows. Ippolito dusted the bench over which he had leaned to uncover the keys, slipped in, swinging his feet over the pedals, pulled out two or three steps, and struck a chord. The tone was not too, once had in it some of that richness which only old organs are supposed to possess, fine old violins. He began to prelude softly, and then, one by one, he tried the other stones. Some were fair, but some were badly out of tune. The cornopean brayed hideously, send the hautboy music curious burning sounds. Ippoliti promised himself that he would set the whole instrument in order in the course of a fortnight, and was delighted with his discovery. When he had finished, the fat sacristan came out from behind, mopping life forehead with a. blue cotton handkerchief. " Capers !" he exclaimed. " You are a professor. If Don G iac Fine boys run he will die of envy." " Who is Don Giacomo ?" " Eh, Den Gut come ! He is the postmaster and the telegraph and the plays the old organ in the big church on Sun- day But when there is the festival here, a professor comes- to play this one, Cicm Catania. But he cannot play as you do." Orsino had gone down again into the church while Ippolito had been playing. They found him bending very low over an inscription on a slab near the altar steps. "There is a curious inscription here," he said, without looking up. I cannot quite read it, but it seems to me that I see our name in 'it. It would be strange if one of our family had chanced to die and be buried here, ages ago." Ippolito bent down, too, fall his head touched Oils brother's. " It is not Latin," he said, presently. " It looks like Italian." The fat sacristan jingled his keys rather impatiently, for it was growing late.. " Without troubling yourselves to read it, you may know what it is," the said. " It is the old prophecy about the Pag- lines. When the dead walk here at night they read it. It says ' Esca Pagliuca peace Saracen.' But it goes round a. circle like a disc, so that you can read it Saracen esea Pagliuca pesca'-either, Let Pagliuca go out, the Saracen is fishing, or, Let the Saracen go out, Pagliuca is fishing." " Or ' Saraclneisca Pagliuca pass.' Saracinesca fishes for Pagliuca," local Ippolito to Casino, with a laugh at his own ingenuity. " Who knows what it means ?" exclaimed the sacristan. " But they say that when it comes true, the last Cor leone shall die and the Pagliuca d'Oriani shall end. But whether ahoy end or not, they TY'IIII walk here till the Last Judgment. Signori, the twilight descends. If you do not wish to see the Pagliuca, let us go. But if you wish to see them, here are the keys. You are the masters, but I go home. This is an evil place at night." - The man was growing nervous, and moved away towards the door. The two brothers followed him 2 "The place is consecrated," said In police, as they reached the entrance. " What should you be afraid of ?" " Santa Vittoria is all alone here,' answered the man, " and the Pagliuca are more than fifty, when they come out and walk. What should a poor Christian do V De is better at home, with a pipe of tobacco." The sun had set when they all came out upon the road, and the afterglow, was purple on the snow of Etna. CHAPTER XXI. Vittoria d'Oriani road very few come passions. Corona Saruclnesoa really liked her, for her own sake, and was sorry for her because she belonged to the family which was so often described as the worst blood in Italy. Corona and San Giacinto wife had together presented lilie Carlene tribe In Roman society, but they were both women, of middle age, Without daughters who might have been friends for Vittoria. On the other hand, though the Romans had accepted the family on the endorse- ment, as it were, of the whole Sara classes family, there was a certain general disinclination to become intimate with them, due to the posthumous influence of 'their dead uncle, Corleone of evil fame. The Ccimpodonico people were unwilling to have anything to do with them, even to the gentle and charit- able Donna Francesca, who had been a Braoeio, and might therefore, per Crops, have been expected to condone a great many shortcomings in other families. Pierre Ghuslenl, -who generally spent the winter in Rome, refused to know the dOrian), for poor." dead Bianca Corleone's sake and his English wife, who knew the old story, thought he was right. The great majority of the Romans received them, however, very much as they would have received foreigners who had what is called a right to be in society, with civility, but not with enthusiasm. ' Vittoria lilac, therefore, met many Roman girls of her own age during the spring, butlhadnot become intimate -with any of them. It was natural that when her brother made the acquaintance of Mrs. and Miss S'luyback, and when the young American took what is usually described In appalling English as a violent fancy to Victoria, the latter should feel that sort of gratitude which sometimes expands into friendship. They saw much of each dailies. It is needless to say that they had not an idea in common, and it would have been very surprising if they Iliad. But on the other hand they had that sort of community of feeling which is a better foundation for Sutimacy than a strain liarity of ideas. Miss Lizzie Slay back was not pro- found, but she was genuine. She had no inherited tendency to feel profound emotions nor to get into tragic situations, but she was full of Innocent sentiment. Like many persons who do not lead romantic lives, she was in love with romance, and she believed that romance had a sort of perpetual existence Some- where, too that by taking some pains one could really find it and live in it HOT fortune would be useful in the search, although it was unromantic to he rich. She had not read " Monte Cristo," because she was told that Dumas was old fashioned. She was not very gifted, but she was very clever in death. She did not understand Tobaldo in the least, for she was no judge of human nature, but none knew perfectly well how to keep him at arm's length until she had decided to marry him. She was absolutely innocent, yet she had also the most absolute assurance, and bore herself in society Tvitih the Independence of a married woman, of thirty. " It is our custom in my country," she said to Vittoria, who was sometimes startled by her friend's indifference to the smaller conventionalities. The two young girls spoke French together, and understood each other, though a third person might not at first have known that they were speaking the same language. Vittoria spoke the French of an Italian convent old fashioned, stilled, pronounced with the rolling southern accent, which only her beautiful voice could make bearable, and more or less well as to gender. Lizzie Slayback, as- has been said, spoke fluently, and often said the some things because she had a small choice of language. Occasionally ellie used phrases that would have made a French man's shall" feel uneasy on his head, and her innocent use of which, inspired dis- quieting doubts as to the previous existence of the person who had taught Bier. We think," she said, "that it is better to enjoy yourself while you are young, and be good when you grow old, but in Europe it seems to be the 0 Wier way." " No one can be good till the time," answered VMoria. " One is good a little and one is bad is little, by turns, just as one can." " That makes a variety," SsliM. Mist? Slayback. "That is why you Italians are so romantic." " I never can understand what you mean by romantic," observed Vittoria. " Oh--evertinflng you do in romantic, my dear. Your brother is the most romantic-man I oversea. Tlhdt as Why I think I shall marry 'him," she added, as though contemplating James hat with a view of buying it, team Japanese sure that it would suit then" " I do not think you will be (happy with him," said Victoria, rather timidly. Because- (the Ss romantic and I am not? Well, I can not sure." " There ! You use the word again ! What in the world, do you mean by it ?" Mass Slayback was hit in lass to furnish the required definition, especially to French. " Your 'brother is romantic," she said, repeating herself. " I am sure he looks like Caesar Borgia," " I hope not to exclaimed. Vittoria. "Surely you would not marry-" she stopped. " Caesar Borgia. ?" inquired Lizzie SBaybaek, cal inly. "Of all people, I should have liked to marry Qiim ! He was mice and wicked. He would, never have been dull, even ¡nowiaidïrys, (Attica everybody is BO proper, you know." " No," laughed the Italian girl ; " I do not think anybody would have called him dull. He generally murdered his friends before they were bored by his companys" Miss Lizzie ' Taugliled, for Victoria seemed witty to her. " If I had said that at a party," she answered, " everybody would have told me that I was so clever ! I wish I had thought of it May I say it, as if it were mine ? Shall you not mind ?" " Why should I ? I should certainly not say it myself, before people." " Why not ?" " It would not be thought exactly oh what shall I say ? We young girls are never expected to say anything like that. We look down, and hold our tongues." " And think of all the sharp things you will say when you are married ! That is just the difference. Now, in the West, where I come from, if a girl has anything clever to say, she says it, even if she is only 10 years old. I must say, it seems to me much more sensible." " Yes but there are other things, be sides being sensible," objected Victoria. "Then they must be senseless," re- torted Miss Lizzie. " It follows." " There are all sorts of customs and traditions in society that have not very much sense perhaps, but we are all used to them, and should feel uncomfortable without them. When the nuns taught me to do this, or that, to say certain things, and not to certain other things, it was because all the other young girls I should meet would be sure to act in just the same way and if I did not act as they do, I should make myself conspicuous." I never could-see-the (harm in being conspicuous," said Miss Slayback. " Provided one is not vulgar," she added, by way of limitation. " Do you not feel uncomfortable when you feel that everyone is looking at you ?" " No, of course not, unless I am doing something ridiculous. I rather like to have people look at me. That makes me feel satisfied with myself." I " It always makes me feel dreadfully uncomfortable," said Vittoria. " It should not, for you are beautiful, my dear. You really are. Itonlytliink I am, when I have good clothes and am not sunburnt or anything like that-I never really believe it, you know. But when people admire me, it helps the illusion. I wish I were beautiful, like you, Alttoria." " I am not beautiful," said the Sicilian girl, colouring a little shyly. " But I wish I had your calmness. I am always blushing is so uncomfortable-or else I am very pale and then I feel cold, as though my heart were going to stop beating. I think I should faint if I were to do the things you sometimes do." " What, for instance ?" laughed the t American girl. " Oh I have seen you cross a ball- room alone, and drive alone in an open carriage-" " " What could happen to me in a carriage ?" " It is not that-it is-I hardly know ! It is like a married woman." "I shall be married some day, so I may as well get into the habit of it," ob strived Miss Lizzie, smiling and showing her beautiful teeth. In spite of such inconclusive cover stations, the two girls were really fond of each other. When Mrs. Slayback - looked at Tebaldo's sharp features, her heart hardened ; but when she looked at Vittoria, it softened again. She was a very intelligent woman in her way and, having originally married for his money a man whom she considered beneath her in freesias standing and cultivation, she wished to improve his family in her own and her friends' eyes by making a brilliant foreign marriage for his niece. " Princess of Corleone" sounded a good deal better than Miss Lizzie May- back," and there was no denying the antiquity and validity of the title. There were few to be had as good as that, for the girl's religion was a terrible obstacle to her marrying the heir of any great house in Europe In which money was not a paramount necessity. But To baldo assured her that he attached no importance whatever to such matters. Lizzie was in love with him, and he took pains to seem to be in love with her (To be continued.) 