TO THE EDITOR. Sir,— The action of Phillip in 'no-balling4' Jones iu the recent match ut Adelaide has given rise to consider able criticism, pel hups more or less biassed by tlie "Anglo" or t tie "Alia" of the critic. 1 wish to point: out two or three pluses of the question that, have oc- curred lo me. Iu the first place I cannot forget that only. 18 months ago Jones, then in. England, was offered very lucrative terms to throw in his lot with one of the counties, which, lutd they been accepted, would have. been liouud to the conditions for ;i term of year?. Now, either the county knew Jones threw or knew he didn't. If the latter, he was not needed to throw, to add lustre to his fame, or laurels to the county. If the county, on the other hand, knew lie threw, it must have clearly real ised that Jones would run the gauntlet of English um pires. Why'f It surely judged that other sued bowlers had passed, and were then passing, muster. The whole point is that tlie county must have been satisfied that Jones would pa&s; as "current." Either because he didn't throw, or because if he did the umpires would no more see it in his case than In many another, und particular ly one other case. Then, again, is this alleged "throwing" such a nuisance un is contended? Do recent batting averages, cither here or in the old country, bear testimony to tlie sad havoc it has wrought? Do not wickets improve, decade by dc-cade? Are not batsmen each year harder to be gut out? Are not discussions rife, re wider wickets, and narrower bats? Then, again, no two men hold the same opinion of "throwing," for who can define it? It isn't always the fastest ball that is "thrown." Some men are alleged to throw "slows." It is, therefore, a matter largely in the discretion of the umpire.. Now, 1 can hardly think that Phillips' action in no-balling Jones was the outcome of a past resolve, or concerted plan, or in the nature of a "warning" for the future. We must take it that It was his honest opinion, then formed, and immediately given utterance to. Let us suppose that an umpire, in the first test match, should no-ball Richardson, for example. Let us suppose that in the fairness of his judgment. Phillips himself does so. What is the result? The English tour, at once, becomes as well a financial as u cricketing failure. The inoppor- tuneness of the present, to raise the question, 'especially in the cose of tried, representative bowlers, mark you, is patent to all, and what a speedy "cure" to the "no- balling umpire nuisance" would eventuate, were our cap tain, incensed at the "no-bulling" of Joms und other, re presentative bowlers, to put them on with instructions to bowl "underarms" until winter (or the rflillcnium) arrived. It appears lo me ubsurd to raise this question now, nnd under such circumstances. Am I coining a new word in vricketing parlance, Mr. Editor, when 1 say ' that "Crioketiqui'tte" demands, at the present juncture, a far weightier medium" to "raise this ghost" than our honest old friend "Jiin" Phillips? — Youi-s, etc., W. 3.' K. 