TURF NOTES. ' The Cranbrook horse Hurot has gone to tho stud. Hayseed and Hive have been turned out for a spell at Bacchus Marsh. IV. S. Cox has severed his connection with the Redleap stable. Maliarda is once moro in work at Caulfleld after enjoying a lengthy spell. Amberite lias not been nominated for the Randwick Plate, of three miles. Trent's owner threw in for a good stake in the August Handicap at Fleinmgton. Tho .death is announced of Petronel, the best horse got by Musket in England. The Findon Harriers' meeting at Caulfiold next Saturday bids fair to be a huge sue- cess. . . When the last mail left England C.Wood, Fred. Archer's former rival, had ridden CI winners. Flint, who cost 80 guineas as. a yearling, gained hie maiden . victory at Sundown Park on Tuesday. Tho "reconstructed" Geelong Racing Olub paid a dividend of £75 on the mcetinz held on the 11th inst. Mr. S. Miller is getting tired of Ironsides, who will shortly be turned adrift from the Redleap establishment. Since his defeat by Trent at Flemington, Dreamland has been supported for the Caul- field Cup at. 100 to 3.' . The expatriated Trenton was represented by two winners at Flemington last Satur day in Trent and Eleusive. The champion hurdle racer, Blitz, was not seen to advantage at any part of the race for the August Handicap at Flemington. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. announce that Blitz,- Sonata, Athlone and Vain 'Hope have been placed in their hands for private sale. . : Our correspondent " "Hidalgo" makes in teresting references In another column to the progeny of Australasian sires' . iii ' Ame rica. ; . . During the week Coil .has. been' brought into notice in connection.. "with . the Mel bourne Cup, and backed to win" a few thou- sands at-100 to 3.': !: . The defunct Malua has a strong team to do honor to his memory during the ensuing MMon in Wait- a Bit, -Mora, Foliage, Waralta and Malto. x,Mr' Foley, secretary of the Ballarat Miners- Races, has been . appointed scerc- teryAohe- Ballarat Turf (Sub, vice Mr. W. A: Tweedie, resigned.- . 1 The V.R.C. committee line resolved tlmt tho epooial meeting of mcmbora to consider the proposed new rules of racing shall be bold at Menzice' Hotol on Monday, 0th September. Nipper is a very much improved steeple chaser, and there was no litter horse at Flemington on Saturday than he and the Hurdle Ruco winner, Nora Croma. Trent's winning display at Flemington has brought him into prominence for the Laul- field Cup, for which lie is now favorite, the best price on offer against him being 100 toO. The three metropolitan fixtures annomiccd for next week are Aspendnle Park on Tues day, Epsom on Wednesday, anil the I inuon Harriers' meeting at Caulfield on Satur day. The time (2 mini 40 sec.) in which Trent cut out a mile and 'a half in the August Handicap at Flemington showed the going to be exceptionally good for the time of the year. St. Albans played what was thought to be two strong cards in Manfred and Reli ance at Flemington on Saturday, but it re mained with the less thought of Eleusive to take the trick. \- Mr. R. G. Row has experienced . such an uninterrupted run of ill fortune between the flags" that in future his colors will pro bably be more frequently seen on tbo flat than over fences. The following marcs at Mertoun Park have foaled to Pilgrim's Progress:— 4th August, Lady Beau (imp.), eh filly;.l»th August, llugely (imp.), ch filly; 18th August, Lady Bevys, br filly. An English visitor in Mr. Richards, M.P. for Finsbury, was shown the rounds of Flemington last Saturday by_ Mr. Byron Moore, and expressed his admiration of the splendid arrangements on all parts of the course. It is well to know that the several muni cipalities—interested and otherwise — which have been agitating for access to all parts of the Flemington racecourse, are assuming a more conciliatory attitude towards the V.R.C. Ayrshire, who ran in the August Handi cap at Flemington last Saturday, lias grown into a . very fine horse, and mas' he worth keeping in view for the Caulfield Clip'.. There iB room for a lot of improvement in his con dition. Mr. Fred M'Evoy, of Chicago celebrity, and owner of Legs, lias consented to be nominated for n seat on the Y.A.T.C.' com- mittec. Mr. M'Evoy is such a ponular turfite that he can' rely on securing a large number of votes.' James' Scobie's brace of Maribyrnong Plate winners, Dreamland and Keera, were among the primary failures at Flemington on Saturday. Carbina, Reliance, Manfred, Rosella, Mora and Votary added further to the discomfiture of backers. Seventy-six horses have been nominated for the Ladies' Bracelet at tho Findon Har riers meeting, of which number the Redleap stable is responsible for 18. It is thought that the Ghost Bracelet, of 42 runners, will be closely pressed for the record number of starters. Mr. Tom Hales lias this year sent three of his best mares to Tho Admiral. They are the V.C.C. Oaks winner. Litigant, Corvette (dam of AVarsloop) and Albma. The ex- champion rider, always. entertained a; fond ness for The Admiral, a liorse on whom he won the Derby. " Colors known as " halves " — similar to those worn by Plain Kate — are very ob jectionable, and they are not tolerated in America. A horse who shows one. color at the back of the course and another on com ing up the straight is apt to puzzle the ma jority of the onlookers. Walter Hickenbotham's 3-year-olds Car binier and Interlude showed a good turn of speed for over four furlongs in the Three and Four-Year-Old Handicap at Flemington on -Saturday ; . botha-are as vet backward and unfurnished, .but , wheu'jnafleittp.. they, ought taibe.h'eamljoflaSTWinnerSf.-nroijr.j oviuii.- Nina, dam of Rnnfurly, tlic'ColP James Seobio -recently sold to bir Rupert Clarke, will this- season visit the Newmnrket Han dicap winner. Coronet, one of the few sur viving sons of St. Albans, whose reputation has been admirably maintained through'tbc progeny of -Malua and Sheet Anchor. Messrs. Campbell and Sons, on behalf of Messrs. Yuille and Co., sold, at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday, tho hurdler racer Fielder for C7i guineas to Mr. T. Burke, represent ing Sir Rupert Clarke. Fielder, who has Bliown promise during the past few months, will join Mr. Burke's team for India. James Scobio paid an unprofitable visit to Flemington on Saturday with Dream land, Keera and ICallara. Mr. James Wil son, whose block jacket and white cap were associated with so many notable victories in davs gouo by, was equally unfortunate with Lucullus.-Alabaculia and Amnesty. In the Caulfield Grand National. Steeple chase two Tasmanan horses— Britomartc and Jlontrose— were leading at the last fence. At Flemington, on Saturdny, by way of a contrast, two Tasmaniau steeplechasers — Britomurte and Blackthorn— fell on top of each other at the fence opposite the sheds. At the annual meeting of the Williams- town Racing Clubthe balance submitted showed a most favorable condition of affairs. Dur ing the past year a profit of between £1100 and £1200 lias been made, despite that about £500 lias been added to tho stakes. A reduction has been made in the overdraft of about £700. - Mr. W. Gaunson received scant attention from the V.R.C. committeo. His lot- ter proposing that a olub. house tor tho convenience of members should be estab lihed in a central part of the city was dis cussed, but the committee quickly came to a decision that the question was outside of the powers of the club. Galtee More, the Irish bred horse, who captured the Epsom Derby in .such easy style, is considered by expert judges the best 3-year-old seen in England Bince Or monde. His first appearance this year was made in the Two Thousand Guineas, which he won witli case. Since that time -his career' has been an unbroken series of vic tories. The spring meeting of the South Austra lian Jockey Club will commence on Wednes day, when the Derby will take precedence of all the other events in the programme. The race would be a moral for Fleet Admiral were he anything like himself, but there are disquieting rumors abroad regarding him, and if he is unable to do himself justice the winner may turn up in -Thunder King. The London "Sportsman" has the follow ing: — "Aemena, the winner of the High Weight Handicap, was prepared at New market by Mr. F. W. Day, veterinary sur geon, who lias lately started as a trainer in this country, and who is, we believe, the only Australian who has ever trained a win ner in .England." How about Mr. "As syrian" Saville, who won several races with Ringmaster? Now tlint. Mr. Considine has set the initia tive by. relieving the dull monotony of the steeplechase fences at Sandown Park, it be hoves Flemington and Caulfield to follow suit. We want n bit of variety in steeple- chasing ns in even-tliing else, and why not let lis have it? Nothing more is asked for than a few live hedges, similar to -those at Dowling Forest, though, of course, a water jump would not be objected to. -Training ground habitues, having ceased to pay any further attention- to tho jumping fraternity, will henceforth confine them- selves te tho doings of tho Cup horses, of whom there are not a great many in training at Flom- ington, the most notable . ones being Ayrshire, Mischief, Pivot, Tho Musketeer, Moonlyong, Patriot, Honiton, Lord Richmond and Strata- joy. The forenamcd - are all faring satisfac torily, but the heavy condition of the tracks during the present week lias not permitted any; thing beyond half and three-quarter paco work. " The' "Australian Racing Chronicle" has firmly established itself as the ouly reliable and authentic record of racing in these colo nies, and the August publication, embracing the last six months of season 1896-97, comes, therefore, in the form- of a boon. The "Chronicle" contains particulars of -nearly 1000 daj'B more racing than is given in any similar publication, bo that scarcely any meeting in the several colonies lias escaped attention. There is a fund of other infor mation, contained in Mr. J. J, Miller's newly issued volume, which makes it in- valuable to everybody who takes an in terest in tho turf. Nothing ha9 transpired on the Caulfiold train- ing tracks during the week to call for special comment. Of tho Cup horses The Chevalier is thriving as well as anything. Trent is perhaps the most forward of tho lot, and Loyalty, Pickles, Pinfire and Locksmith ore also being bustled along.. From this out tho work will havo to bo slipped into Mora, who had very few fast gallops prior to her party staking so heavily on her at Flemington. Burrabari is beginning to feci hiB legs, but Carslake has not done much with Straightfire, who seem9 to havo lost a lot of his former bloom. Tho week has passed away without any noteworthy gallop on tho part of the Cup horses. The London. "Sporting Times" is respon- sihle for the following: — "The wife of a well-known racing peer recently enlisted the services of her husband ns secretary, and lie had to fill in a number of invitation cards. In writing 'weather permitting,' other ideas wero floating in his mind, and the guests were astounded at receiving the following card: — LADY SO AND SO, AT nOME. Saturdny, 12th June, : i till 7, . WEATIlEItBY PERMITTING. ».av.p. "While Wcatherby is not ns familiar a name to Australians ns to English turfites, there arc few 'to whom it is absolutely un- known, as the fnmily.have been connected with the English Turf and Jockey Club for more than a century." 