IlTEKATTOE LITERARY GOSSIP. A re-issue which has a touching interest at the present time is the new- edition of the Letters of Princess Alice. A memoir by Princess Christian will be prefixed, nnd the last letter which Princess Alice wrote, in- dited just before her final illness seized her, will be included for the first time. General Sir Hugh Gougli, a veteran who gained the V.C. in the Alutiny, took part- in the Abyssinian war, and was with Lord Roberts at Candahar, has written a book which he names "Cld Memories." An authorised German rendering of Mr. Rudyard Kipling's "Jungle Book" lias been prepared, und it is interesting .to note that the translator is Air. Curt Abel-AIusgrave, Senior Alasler of Alodem Languages at the United Services College, Wcstwnid Ho! Air. Kipling's old school. Lucas Cleeve, the author of " The Woman who Wouldn't," iB about to publish a novel entitled "Lazarus," founded on the sacred story. It is to be hoped that there will be less irreverence than has been found in recent lumeutable attempts to exploit the Gospels for fictional purposes. "Rolf Boldrewood's" new- novel promises a fresh note, for it pictures the impressions made on the mind of a born Australian by a visit to England. It must not be supposed that this implies a dry volume; far from it. The hero has plenty of romantic adventures, and the impressions of the mother country are siinplv fitted into these. Indeed, the novel ends with a double bridal, nnd that could hardly he if romance were lacking. "Rolf Boldrewood" endeavors in one part of the book to indicate the picture which Ire land mnkes to the Australian visitor. "My Run Home" is the title chosen,' - In connection with the Queen's Jubilee, Alessrs. Bradbury, , Agnew and Co. have prepared a collection of cartoons from "Punch," illustrative of events in the long reign in which ther Majesty's personal connection has sug gested the subject for the week's picture. "Toby,AI.P.,"haswritten the letterpress ex planatory of each cartoon, in its continuity forming a record of the Queen's reign. "The Queen and Air. Punch, which was pub lished on 1st June, contains 60 pictures by- Leech, l'enniel, and Linley Sambourne. The lastnamed artist has drawn a special pic ture of the Queen for the cover of the book. . Sarah Grand has spent most of the winter and spring in the south of France, and all the time ' she has been working steadily at her new no vel. Her estimate, was that she would need two years to write the story. That es timate promises to be verified, since eigh teen months have passed since she tackled it seriously, while it is to he published in the autumn. Of the novel itself, something will be heard in due course, only it is not ano ther "Heavenly Twins. Wilkie Collins was, perhaps, hardly in the first rank of English novelists, but his popu larity endures. There is testimony to this in the fact that a reprint of his story "Alan and Wife" is being prepared. "Of the novelist's stories,' "Alan nnd Wife", stands third in the favor of readers of to-day. "The Moonstone" takes first place, and "The Wo man in White" makes a good second. Of magazines, even as the Preacher said concerning the making of books, there iB no end. The latest addition to the list is The "Comet," which has been started in London as an organ of free opinion. We should not like to say. that there is not ample room for a publication which would undertake the task of frank and unprejudiced criticism, but the tendency in all such efforts is to descend into unbridled licence or to utilise the opportunities for the purpose of venting personal spite. "The Comet" is a name which may have been aptly chosen with a view of indicating that its progress will be of the meteoric character and that it will not flame in the literary heavens for any ex tended period. However, the opening num ber promises well. There is no lack of smartness nor of boldness in the articles in cluded. The arraignment of royalty is a strongly worded attack on the evils of English society, for which the author seems to hold the seclusion of her Alajesty and the genial, but not too scrupulous, bon homie of the Prince of Wales to be largely responsible. These are small onuses for the dire effects so graphically depicted. "Social England," says the writer, at the present period lins developed two phases not com mon to it in days gone by. One is a growing easy tolerance of lax morals; the other is the gradual des'ecration and destruction of the family life. Both these conditions, viewed broadly, mean disaster to the nation. It is not too strong to say that the morals of the "upper ten are distinctly of the gutter tendency. The disgusting divorce eases, the degrading exposure of 'scandals' created by the unspeakable conduct of men, who, bv" birth, position and education, should at least have attempted to preserve common decency, are sufficient proof of the ; strength with which vice, in its . worst forms, has taken root witn J a section of that nobility which was once called the 'flower of .bnglana. Several men whom we could name, of sup-. . posed good breeding and passing for gentle- 1 men,' are known at this very time to be i engaged in degrading liaisons with other I men's wives. Women who carry their jew elled coronets as proudly on their fair heads | as though they were indeed the veritable | crowns of an unstained honor are as equally i and. shamelessly absorbed in vicious in- 1 trigue." -This terrible indictment may be j true of a' phase of society, but we must ab- 1 solutely refuse to believe that it is a fair | picture of the whole. The pretensions of | Sir Henry Irving to first place in the dra matic firmament aie also savagely attacked, . and it is asserted that he is. upheld in his 1 position by the combined influence of social prestige and the purchased flatterings of a venal press. It will be seen that there is no lack of vigor, whatever may be wanting in tiie attributes of fairness and cool iudg- 1 nieiit. The "Comet,". which is to flash on: the literary horizon nt irregular intervals, is . always to produce the Unexpected. The "Family Herald" for June contains its usunl interesting collection of serial and short stories. There is also much wit nnd wisdom included in the serious essays, hu morous anecdotes and other matter of an instructive kind included in the number. "A Moment's Aladness" is the title of a complete novelette issued in a cheap form which ac companies this magazine. The "Windsor Mngazine" for June con tains, in addition to its ordinary attractions :in fiction and artistic illustrations, a num ber of very fine portraits selected with the I idea of combining the most famous living representatives of British polities, art, science, literature, law, theology and philan- thtUMy." The Alarquis' oHMibhatjf-MT.' Gladstone and Sir William -Harc'ourt may be taken to represent politics; the Arch bishop of Canterbury and the Rev. Alex ander Alaclaren theology, the Chief Justice law, Air. G. F. Watts and Sir Edward Poyn- ter art, Air. Herbert Spencer philosophy, the Baroness Burdett-Coutts philanthropy. Sir James Paget medicine, Lord Kelvin and Lord Armstrong invention. Sir George Grey vice-regal experience, and Air. Frederick Greenwood journalism. Besides another instalment of Hall Caiue's story, Air. Rud yard Kipling contributes a short tale, en titled Winning the Victoria Cross. Air. Arthur Alorrison supplies another stirring incident drawn from the Dorrington Deed Box; and there are other short stories of an exciting nnd interesting character. Max Pemberton gives a further batch of Univer sity gossip, nnd there are articles nnd poetry which help to make the number highly readable. "Cassell's Family Afagnzine" for June con tains a special attraction to lovers of art in the reproduction of a series of admirable illustrations of Romeo and Juliet, by the well-known artist, Frank Dicksce, R.A. The nlbuni, presented ns a souvenir to rea ders of "Cassell's," includes 12 pictures repre sentative of the most striking incidents in Shakspearc's matchless drama of youthful love. Among the events selected are Romeo's firat meeting with Juliet, his fare well on the balcony, the marriage, the death of Alercutio, Juliet's seeming death and Romeo finding Juliet in the Tomb. The number is one of excellent variety in its ordinary issue, and is specially' strong in fiction. There is a serial tale by Airs. L. T. Aleade and Robert Eustace, in which the reader may sup full of mysterieB, and his nerves will be thrilled by stories of Nihilist vengeance by Headon Hill. An Australian incident of a striking kind is described by E. W. Hornung, and illustrated by 5. Begg, names with which Australians are familiar. Sir Wemyss Reid discourses plea santly on some club ghosts, in which he recalls interesting recollections of notable figures in London life. Other ' articles of value are contributed by B. Fletcher Robin- Bon on Fire Fighting in London, by Herbert Ward, F.R.G.S., on Life in a Central African Village, and by Frederick Dolman on the Appreciation of Handel's Alusic in Eng land. Part II. of "The Queen's Empire," a se ries of illustrations descriptive of methods and manners in the Queen's reign, published by Casscll nnd Co., deals with how the Queen nnd the Queen's subjects travel. We are shown the Queen starting for a drive, seated in her carriage and four, with the customary Highland attendant on the box, nnd also her Alajesty leaving Portsmouth Harbor in the royal yacht Victoria and Al bert. Among the modes of locomotion in dulged in by ordinary people are comprised the four-iii-liand coach, a reminiscence of the old Btyle, and the motor coach) driven withont horses, which heralds the new. Pic tures of the ubiquitous wheel are neces sarily included. Ireland is represented with its famous jaunting car. Railway and steamboat travelling is fully depicted under various aspects. Other views given ai,. sledges and snow shoeB in Canada, a ca'hV truincnr ill Alelbourne, crossing a Soiii'i African drift, a buggy in King Wijlja,,,. street, Adelaide, a jinckrisha, Natal Zulu carriage, a South African gold del,:'., conch, a camel carriage in Bengal loop on. the Darjeeling railway, a caravan' n the IChyber Pass, a Burmese carriage aii.i pair, and a dog sleigh in Hudson's Buy 'I ,, ritorj'. v- Alrs. Laura J. Suisted, a New'Zeala- ,i "lady, wliOB'e pleasant writings have oi , ionally appeared in "The Leader/' recently sent a copy of her latest work, "From N en- Zealand to Norway," to the Princess Wales. She has received in response the i. i" lowing encouraging letter: — "Sandriiigiiair Norfolk, 6th Alay, 1897. — Dear Madam,- i um desired by the Princess of Wales w thank you for the copy of your bo. n. 'From New Zealand to Norway,' which h i Royal Highness has much pleasure in a . ccpting. The other copy 1 have fonvarui | to Windsor for presentation to the Queen.— Believe me, denr AIndam, yours faithfull . Charlotte Knollys." . ' The archaeological museum at the Ohm State University has been enriched by a fij , I of great rarity and value. A fortunate | chance has placed it in possession of an ' Aztec manuscript, the fifth so far known ' > be in existence in the entire world, and t! ; only one now in America. It was di." covered by a laboring man engaged in the 1 construction of the waterworks at Fairfield, i Iowa. While excavating he brought to light what seemed a chunk of wood, except th its surface was encrusted with a coating f pitch. It was subsequently discovered to he hollow, and inside was a roll of birch bail; covered on one side with hieroglyphics. "J" ..- "find" fell into good hands, and it was wit soon ascertained that it was an Aztec manii- seript. Its age is believed to be not 1. -s than 400 years. At the time of the Spanish Conquest, in' 1500, the Aztec civilisation in Alexico was stamped out, their records were destroyed by . the. fanatical priests, and tin vestige of their nationality allowed to te- main. All the literature, as far as known, except the few fragments of which mention hns been made, was sacrificed. No writing was done by. the Aztecs after they were crushed b,v the Spanish conquerors. How much the mnnuscript in question may have nnte-datcd this event is a matter of conjec ture. The unfortunate thing about it is tlrnt nobody seems able to decipher it. The London "Spectator" criticises very favorably llenry Lawsou's book of Austra lian sketches, published by Alessrs. Angus anil Robertson, of Sydney, under the title "While the Billy Boils." In these days, when short dramatic stories are eagcilv looked for, it is strange, observes our nui. temporary, that one whom we would ven ture to call the greatest Australian writer should be practically unknown in. England. Short stones are his — none shorter— scrap i sketches indeed, but biting into the very heart of the buslunan's fife,, ruthless in truth, extraordinarily dramatic,, and pathe tically uneven. That they should not be rend on this side of the world seemB to point either to a contemptuous indifference to European opinion or to an unusual igno rance on the part of their writer as to his own merit. He is apparently content to let what he has to say drift through the sheets of Australian and New Zealand newspapers, and be gathered into a volume by a Sydney publisher under the name of "While the Billy Boils." We may remember that Mr. Rudyard Kipling began his literary career in the same, track, and perhaps it has its advantages. At any rate, both men have somehow gained that power of concentra tion which by a few strong strokes can set place and people before you with amazing force. . Air. Lawson is a. less experienced writer tlinn Air. Kipling, and more unequal, but there are two or three sketches. in this volume which, for vigor and truth, can hold their own with even so great a rival. The men and their mates pass before you — vio lent, brutal, with that horrible familiarity with profane oaths which is a curse of the 'land; yet with 'grit in them, enduring, loyal to their companions — hiding, in fact, a little old in n good deal of washdirt. For dreary escription of a dreary country ' take the railway journey in "In a Wet. Season." where, as night drew on, the bush grew darker, and the plains more like ghastly oceans, and here and there the "dominant note of Australian scenery" was accen tuated, ns it were, by "naked, white, ring barked trees standing in the water, am) haunting the ghostly surroundings." Here you get Australia, actual Australia, seen ami put down as it is, and not as it is ima gined. 