SPORTING NOTES. . ., [Br Observer.] It was a great pity that the two top weights l'or l!io V. R. C. Grand National Steeple Chase were killed at the meeting, as cross country, horses aTe excep tionally scarce this season, and two such top notchers as Lutrifcm and Woonooke can't very well be spared. TToonooke was just making his last effort when he misjudged the last fence and carnw to grief and Hud ricks, his rider is of opinion that but for the acp.ident his mouut wnnld hav« wnn. That is very well, but the chances are that Hayseed would have won all the Bame, although Woonooke might have given him a hard fight for it. Dondi had' gone off some days before the race and his party lost faith in him and he went out at a long price. Nevertheless he ran s. good horso and it was only in tho laBt quarter of a mile he was done with. The heavy going had probably somethiug to do with this, and it also suited the winner wht- is described as a vory power ful horse of more than average quality for a Bteoplechaser, The Messrs. Miller always turn out something good, and when thoy back a horse in earnest tho public are sore to follow. Hayseed carried thoir fall con fidence in the National, and the public con sequently backed him freely so that he was a bad horso straight out for the books. Tho entries for the A. J.C. Epsom Handi nap and Metrop. are not quite as good as last year, the falling off totalling 11 in each event. Victorians never enter their horses freely for races, in this colony, and this year the support from that quarter is exceptionally meagre. This is very noticeable when, we comsider tho liberal way in which horse-ownsrs in New South Wales support racing in Vic toria, and I cannot understand the lack of reciprocity on the part of Victorian owners. I notice in the list of prices on the Mel bourne Cup that Aurum is quoted at 16 to 1, and in some cases lower. I am quite satis fied that never a wager has been booked at these figures, and that the quotation is what might be called a ' ready up ' of the books, who are making themselves quite famous in a small way by the outrageously short prices they now offer on all big events. . In south Australia, where the totaiisator exists, the books are offering much more liberal odds about the two cups than their fellowjing men in Victoria and New South Wales ; this should be a warning to the latter gentlemen that thev mav Dnsh a erood thine too far. and by so doing invite the competiiljn of the maehine. The imported horse Positano was last week baeked in Melbourne and Sydney for a good stake, and he is now.quoted at 20 to 1 for the V.R.C. big event. He is a horse likely to impreve now' that he is a bit ac climatized, and I would not be surprised to see him win a good race at one of the big spring meetings. Catspaw won another race in Melbourne last Saturday in fair company, which makes the running of Key on the previous Satur day very meritorious. This filly must have a rare show in the Caulfield Cup, and her not starting last Saturday looks as if she were being reserved for tho Canlfield rrce, as a win would have earned her a penalty. If she can only stay her pace will serve her in a finish. Fleet Admiral is likely to visit us in the spring for the A .J.C. meeting when we will see how he has wintered, and if there seems any ' chance of his making a race of it with Aurum for the V.R C. Derby; the latter colt will have his work cut out to concede lOlbs to a scor cher like the Adelaide horse in the Melbourne Cup. , Patriot won his race at Flemington.last Saturday like a tradesman and unlise his previous effort his finish was full of determi nation. If his trainer can only teach him to get a distance he will trouble the best of them as he has foot enough for a greyhound leaving slips. Football. The Western Union have every reason to T.-i'+l! flin nlaTT nf +Vioi't. too tvi in H.n UC ...vu ww p.'V *'? last two matcheB and it is evident the good old game has taken a fresh lease of life in Bathurat ; this is quite as it should be and I hope interest in the game will be kept up right to the end of the season. It waB highly gratifying to lovers of the game to see two representatives of the Central Western Union playing with our local men ion Wednesday and two better backers no team could wish to have. 1 would, like to see a combined team from the Western Union visit Sydney a few d-ys before the return match with New Zealand. I. believe we could give the Metropolitan player's a good game, and it would be rare practice for the New Zealand match. Coursing. Next week Orange will be full of coursing men and dogs to assist in the Waterloo Cup meeting, and, with fine weather, the event should be a decided success. Monday next is fixed for the nam ing of their representative by holders of nominations, whioh in my opinion is quite too late and should have been insisted on earlier. It gives no time for the drawing of the sweep which has so much helped the meeting, and owners are not at all likely to benefit anything by Tattersalls' consultation. Now Zealand will be lepresented by four nominations, but of course, we cannot yet say what will fill them. I should say, however, that Luck's All is sure to fill one nomination and Blackthorn II anoshef, both are good dogs and likely to give a good account of themselves. Queensland has three nominations, but . I have not heard the names of the representatives ; I fancy, however, that Merlin is 6ure to be one of the three as they can hardly have three better up north. South Australia will be strongly repre sented and of the lot likely to come from there I prefer the chances of All's Well and Babylon, both good performers. Victoria will play a Btrong hand with 14 nominations, and I fancy the prize will wend its way across tbo border. The old Bathurst doj Confidence is evi dently at his best, as witness the clever way in which he accounted for the opposition at Moonee Valley last week. He will take no end of beating should he come oyer, and no doubt his oonqueror of last season, Water hen, will fill a nomination. Kate Hard caBtle, a fast and clever bitch, but only a puppy, will no doubt run for Mrs. McGillienddy and some of the other nom inations will be filled by Hoppicker, MyBtic, Highkick and Mnndrake all good ones. For N. S. Wales tho old veteran Bladon, will no doubt have something good, probably Business, or if anything like herself that grand bitch Bloomer; I am afraid, however, the latter must be much past her prime. Our neighbor at Tarana. Dick Yates, will be sure to be dangerous, but so, far I have not heard what he will inn. It 1b probable, however, ho will givo Hazel Girl a chance if she is all right again. Mr. Weir wiil, I expect, have nothing better than Wasp, who will be well suited by the Orange going. Something pretty good may come from Melbourne or Cootamundra, and, I presume, Bathurst will try and bring the prize this way. I suppose Mr, Lakeman will run Freetrade, Mr. Carpenter Cromwell, and Mr. Baxter the hesfof his cracks. May they all have a share of the spoil. M. Radiquet, a French physicist, has been amusing a party of Parisians with a spiritualistic seance, in which all the effects were produced by 'X rnys.' The apparatus was concealed from view by black curtains, and the glasses, goms, vases, and other articles in the room were rendered luminous by tho rays. Phosphorescent powders were also em ployed to ' materialize ' a spirit, that is to say, a young lady confedsrate who .played the ghost, J ? . V *- 