.« LITERATURE^ ? m THE SPREWALD. It was on the 1st of September very early in the morning that three of tu left Berlin by the Gorlitzar railway on a visit to the Spreewald. It waa very sultry weather, aud the atmosphere of the city was dull and.: heavy, inducing that langour and depres sion often caused by even moderate heat in northern latitudes. Ifc waa in fact-' of* all laya the one best adapted for a journey from the stifling streets to that primitive region of alternate waste and carefully tilled lands of marsh and wood and water, which 8 known as the Spreewald, and in which io many curious customs and superstitions of the Wendish race still linger. Oa thfi way we tried to Sad an outlet for our igno rance by telling each other all we knew of these same Wends — that carious remnant -f the vast Slavonic hordes that passed from the plains of Asia into Grarmany iu the fourth century. . . Iu lltfcie over two hours we reach Liibbc nan. In this quaint little old town with its umbrella-covered market square, its hali leserted streets and alley?, along which iow and then rumble long narrow ladder waggons drawn by slow-footed oxen, we -auui to have come not only into a different itmosphere but a different century.' from f.hat with which wo are familiar. Here there Is no trace of hurry or unrest— no 3igu of the storm and stress of modern life. Che Berlin tourists who stvaggle about are aot numerous enough to spoil the charm of ihe sleepy friendly little town, all enclosed by cornfields and shadowy gardens. A path thickly shaded by elms and limes leads from the rail way -station to the spot from which we embark for the various ooints of interest which we wish to visit. .Before us tramp some peasant women, Tvbose peculiar headdresses and short skirts, affording a liberal display of abnormally leveloped legs, proclaimed them to be Wends. The headdress of a Wendish woman is the most; important and distinct- ' tive article of her attire. Usually it is u*da of a siogle square piece of snow-white linen, closely bound about the heai, and fastened in such a way that it stands out on each side Hue & great white fan — a fvm vhich ths linen retains from, being stiffly starched. The wearer has always to secure 'he services of a second person in the pror per adjustment of this headdress, which has i very nun-like aspect. Our choice of a boat is partly guided by the representations of a stalwart ferryman, who is a German, and who informs as that ie has Wendish relatives on a farm half? way to our destination who will be glad to provide us with refreshments. Waget into lis bo it and next moment are gliding over the water with the easy sinking motion hat forcibly recalls a Venetian gondola. Our ferryman does not row or scull, bub stands upright in the stern of the boat, and at once guides and pushes ib on .by means of a long pole. To do this with rapidity \nd safety necessitates a ekill that can coma only with long practice. For the network of arma and arteriea Into which the natural depression of the land has dispersed the river ia further complicated by the canals that have been made to drain the earth for purposes of agriculture. Thus few of the 3lream3 are more than lOffc wide, and 88 nearly all locomotion is carried on by boats and canoes, the danger of collision in the more frequented throroughfares has to ha constantly guarded against. It is a. Qbineod saying, that to find pleasure- it must ba sought for el'her on the mountains or da the water. The latter is here unlimited, but the land is almost universally flat. The woods, too, which were once the glory and distinguishing feature of the Spree wald, as its name implies, are now in many places a thing of the past. W^10'9 tracts have been entirely denuded of tre«s ; aud only along the streams has a military looking row been left; and even theBe am in many instances severely pollarded. Bat on all sideB far as tbe eye can reach are to be seen huts and logwood cottageB, sur rounded by well- manured and cultivated fields, by beds of vegetables and fruit trees. Nov? and then we pass boats loaded with farm produce on their way to Liibbenan» whence the goods are forwarded to the mar kets of Berlin and Dresden. Indeed, wa are asBured that the pickled cucumbers of tha Spreewald are sent in great quantities over, sea to America, where the Teutons, who, like Hans Breitmann, gives a '?' barty/* never fail to garnish the festal board. with, tbia highly prized relish of tho Fatherland', U rafter mm tia-$ W^l»wr ski leaving Lubban an we passed Lehde — a i strange little fisher village over sis hundred I years old, that irresistibly suggests a time- i worn print in an ancient book. The lowly I habitations are all of stout logwood, { thatched with straw and heavy reeds. The - logs are sometimes covered with a light - coating of clay ; always the roofs are stained and mildewed and mosa-grown, and over all there is an air ot indescribable decrepi- } tude of mouldering decay, as if these small ( tenements were being slowly, but surely, j eaten up by the elements. In front of j each lowly dwelling a little boat is usually j fastened, for hardly any of them can be | approached except by water. Sometimes ; between- two close neighbors a small arched ( connecting bridge may be 'seen, on, so j minute jja scale that it strikingly recalls those which figure on old delf plates of the ' ?. willow pattern. - ? v ? j ' An hour after passing Lehde we stop at ? the. small farmhouse that belongs to the - relative of our ferryman. This house is a cottage of the ordinary wooden wall and , thatched roof order. In front is a charm- , ing little meadow covered with lush grass \ eoffcer'than sleep growing up to the water's: i «dge. Fastened to a stout pole opposite to | the door is a small slender boat — the every- - day conveyance of the family. On exam ining it near at hand we find that it is , almost' a facsimile of the fossilised canoes that are preserved in some of the Berlin ( mi8euaa3 as relics of a pre-historic age, , There is a garden close to the dwelling house full of plum, apple and pear trees. , Tae branches of the latter are still bent ' beneath a fertile crop of large yellow pears — good to look at and good to eat. All , i jund the garden stand beehivos, and the ham of bees rifling Bosenpappei (hollyhocfi) acd GeissblaJ (honeysuckle) fills the air , with a slumbrous sound-— 'a sound that brings the feelings of a dream.' The small fields that make up the farm are cultivated to the last inch. Corn, cucumbers, arid carrots are the favorite crops in the Spree wald. Two daughters of the house are at work on a patch of potatoes. They are stout rosy girls with flat wide faces that speak of Wendish origin. The mother is of the same type to a yet more marked degree. 'We ate shown into the etube, the general living-room, and there we find an old woman sitting in a corner of the seat that half surrounds the stove, knitting half asleep. She looks up but gives no sign of seeing as. She is blind, the house- mother tells as, and close on ninety-nine ! ' She is my mofcher-in-law,' continues our hosteea, ' and has a greatgreatgrand cUughter married in the fishing district -of Lehde. Not my great-grandchild, but my husband's. I am his second wife, and he is twenty-foui1 years older than I am.' She goes on to tell us that her man is at Liib benan to-day with his youngest son. They have taken a boatful of appleB there. Prices are not so good this season, but the harvest has been more plentiful than usnal. Thank the good God they want for nothing ; they have enough and to spare after Christ mas. Gretel, the eldest girl, is to be married ; bat she is not going far away. There, that cottage to the left, is to be Gretel's home. We look out through the little four-paned window to catch a glimpse of a cottage half hidden by fruit trees. Then the good housewife busies herself with getting us some refreshments. In her absence we look around the room with some curiosity. It is rather low and dark but spotlessly clean. There is a bed in one comer with stiff curtains of a texture and .pattern that proclaim them to be the pro duct of another age. Bound three sides of the room runs a shelf half a foot wide on which a great variety. of articles are ranged. Massive two-handled delf goblets, basins with mottoes and big bright leaves, pewter measures, sparkling-Iike mirrors, porcelain cofftjo pots and cups and saucers, one or two huge long-ateminod pipes evidently de signed more for ornament then use — such «re some of the possessions and heirlooms aaiged on this cominodioua family shelf. There are prints on the walls, some of them deUciouBly f oil ot auaohyonism?. There Is, y ?? ?? . ? ? ? for instance, the prodigal son leaving his home with all his~worldly substance. He is dressed like a German peasant., and has Swo German waggons loaded with household *oods, conspicuous among them being some af the billowy feather coverlets that belong to a properly-appointed German bed ! All this time the century old grand mother knits away, alternately dozing and mumbling what sounds like the refrain of 3ome song. The piteous little cracked treble of her voice somehow raises a lump in one's throat. What old sorrow haunts bhe melancholy s'ave that come? to her on this peaceful afternoon, when the swallows ire gathering in the sky in anticipation of uoming storms ? All the tempests of her life are over. She has entered on the pathetic second childhood of a great old age, when any vivid emotion is impossible. Already the veil is drawn between her and the outer world. How is it that a linger ing old age, a surviving unto the third and fourth generation of descendants, ever came to be regarded as a felicity of life ] Sorely there is a more keen and sympa thetic apprehension of the invincible limi tations of the human lot in the old Greek bhought that an early death is a boon from the gods ? Bat a truce to moralising, for here comes the housewife with a piled-up plate of rye bread generously buttered, and with large cupfuls of good fresh milk. As we eat and drink she tells us of the loDg hard winters when the water around is frozen, over, and alt who go abroad — school children, pastor, doctor, postman, &c.; — travel on skates. While. she. is speaking we are startled by a singular sound. There is a gentle bellow as if- at our very ears. Ever since we en tered the stube we have been conscious of a certain odour of manure permeating the atmosphere, also of heavy lurching move ments, as if in an adjacent room. Not? the origin . of this strong agricultural smelly of these mysterious movements, and of the bellow stands revealed. The cow and poul try house is under the same roof with the living rooms, and divided from them only by a thin partition; To-day the stockroom is occupied by a cow that has newly calved. The housewife explains this with no thought of apology or sense of unfitness in the arrangement. It is, in fact, one of the immemorial cuslotas of the Spreewald, and though to us it seems to traverse all hy gienic laws, the results in this household at least are not apparently hurtful. As we go on towards the village of Burg the landscape opens out charmingly. Once or twice we catch sight of houses built of stone and roofed with tiles. Fowls abound everywhere, more especially ducks and geese, which are so plump and large and spotlessly clean that it is evident the mix ture of rich damp fields and pure water in which they live constitute an ideal milieu for poultry of the amphibian order. Barg is one of the most important villages of fche Spreewald. It is also the one in which the Wends still retain most of their own peculiar customs and observances. It was uader the lengthening shadows of the trees that surround the friendly little Gast-haus at Barg we learned something of the legends and traditions that still hold Sivay there. As for instance, that to this day, there are many who believed that a King of the Wends, a direct descendent of the old Royal family of the race, still lives and secretly rules over subjects who are loyal to him. Out wardly he is a peasant like those around him. He tills his small fields and rows his fruits and vegetables to market at Liibbc nan or to the railway station, there to be despatched to Berlin or Dresden. Yet he is in reality a king, and receives taxes and meet obeisance from those, who know of hio identity. He guards the old crown and oceptre of his line— he holds assemblies from time to time, at which orders are pro mulgated , that aro binding on Ijhe faithful. Now and then he grants special audiences to thoBe who are entrusted with his secret. But bo jealously is this guarded that from year to year he mingles with men who are his loyal subjects, and yet have no clue to iua identity. Then there is the tale of the old treasures that belong to the Wendish kings — golden and silver vessels, priceless jawels, and heaps of precious stones and great ingots of gold — all this and more lies buried under the old ruin in Burg. Once upon a time there was an abyss hard by this ruin, from which at times there issued a great roaring as if of infuriated lions. Oa9 day an adventurous stranger looked down into this abyssi, and lo, he saw it suddenly becoming clear as noon- day, so that in the bowels of the earth he beheld four great doors. One looked towards morning aud another to wards evening; one towards mid-day and anoiher towards mid-night. Upon every door was a golden lock hung with yellow ribbons, and before each a great serpent lay coiled in heavy folds. 'When theee caught sight of a stranger prying into their mysterious retreat they hissed with fierce hatred and raised their heads menacingly towards him. Upon which he flad with all haste, and came no more to pry into the secrets of the hidden treasure of Schloss b3rg. It is in the same marvellous place tbat Wendish maiden — the descendant of Wendish kings — sits bewitched. Her probation is to make twelve fine shirts and to sew but one stitch in a year. When all the shirts are finished she will then bo re leased. The supernatural in every form abounds in the stories that are most popular in. the Spreewald. But besides the ghosts and fairies the naiads and pixies that are familiar in general folklore, there are beings ia Wendish legends, of whom we have not heard of elsewhere. As for instance, the Lutohen — the original inhabitants of the region — little creatures about an ell bisjb, arrayed in red jackets and caps, who on the arrival of human beings took.refugo in the earth. There are two things that the Lut chen cannot abide, the chiming of bells for prayers and the calls of children at play. Then there are also people who live in close retirement in the marshes. But these must be singularly like average human beings, for it is said that on the rare occasions when they visit the haunts of men they are dis tinguished from ordinary citizens only by a wet border round their garments. But the most weird of all the Spreewald apparitions is the night huntsman (der Nachfjager.) He is. headless and rides a pale grey horse through the air, ever surrounded by a rush ing storm, by the clanking of chains, and the furious howling of bloodhounds. As we wander through Burg after sun set, and watoh a great red harvest moon r'sj over the wide expanse of watersepa rated dwellings and hamlets that stretch around, we understand something of the awe and melancholy that enter so largely iato the legends and superstitions of a people whose mode of life and surround ings cut them off so much from the outside world. On the morrow we delay our departure for Sfcraupitz by a couple of hours so as to see a wedding procession come to the Wendish church in which service is still held on each Sunday in the Wendish tongue. First came a band of four or five musicians playing a lively march. Then came the bride with her bridesmaids and women friends, followed by the bridegroom with his party. The bride is dressed in black silk liberally trimmed with broad ribbons. Instead of the usual head- dress she wears a wreath of flowers and small loops of narrow ribbon. The taste for vivid tints among the women is strikingly displayed in the bright- colored short full skirts. Red, blue, green, and orange are conspicuous, all puffed out with the stiff crinoline lining which is de riyueur for holiday attire. Many of the feminine jackets are of black velveteen with full white ' puffed sleeves, resembling those that are to be seen in some of the Swiss cantons, The men's dress is leas picturesque. The bridegroom wears a prosaic cylinder hat and a blue black cloth coat, very long and tiofc too well fitting. Both men and women are lavishly decorated with flowers. It is worth noting that the Weudish word for bride is newesta, which signifies ' The ignorant one.' . It is after midday before, half-way be tweou Burg and Straupitz; we reach a remnant of the old primeval wood of the Soreewald, untouched by ase or tillage, Great alders and wide-spreading .elms make campy of foliage, through which the sun rays penetrate in shafts of gold-green light.. Here ami there the white slender trunk of a bercli tree gleams through, the flickering shadows of the forest, making good its claim to the old poetic name of ' bride of the forest.' Bound the stems qf Sjme of the forest giants the vine clings in trailing masses. Looking at these luxuriant creepers we find that the leaves are already heavily touched with the hectic flush of decay. The trees, too, begin to show traces of the stealthy approach of autumn. But the swallows — Why ara they gathering in the sky with such multi tudinous chatter ? Surely there can be no question as yet of their annual pilgrimage to sunnier lands ? But one of our number quotes an old German proverb— ' An Maria's Geburt ziehen die schwalben wiederum furt,' which may be rendered— On the virgin's natal day ; Again the swallows flee away. This was the 2nd of September ; andthe 8th is the day kept by good- -.Catholics. as the Virgin's birthday. So there could be no doubt that these flying : assemblages overhead and the noisy meetings, in the woods heralded the departure of the swal lows. It was hard to realise this on such a warm, clear summer-like day. But the thoughts inseparable from the year's. decay seemed to add the last touch to the won derf al scene around , us. The .presagefql twittering of the pilgrim birds, the lapping of the stream against the shore, the chirp ing of innumerable insects in- the .wood,, the soft splash of the ferryman's pole as we glided on were the only sounds to be heard. When early on the next day we return to the ordinary haunts of men our brief so* journ in the Spreewald seems like a dream dreamt in some charmed solitude to the fall of the petals of the plum tree. 