Riverstone. To night (Saturday) the concert and dance in connection with the Literary and Debating Society will be held. Tb« Riverstone people are anxious to know when the Morgan-Smith debate will take place. A farce, entitled " The ghost in the pawn shop," will be one of the leading features at the Debating Society's concert to night (Saturday). \ private invitation party ii on the tapis, the event being the birthday of a juvenile, who has in vited her little friends to her house for an evening's enjoyment. Mr Myers, head teacher of the local Public school, has gone over Maitland way to spend his holidays. Mr James Culnaoe's father died at Orange this week. Jim left on Thursday afternoon for the pur pose of attending his funeral. The deceased was about 60 years old, Miss Daisy Lawson, of Marsden Park, has been suffering from her hip for some time past. Dr. Studdy has been the medical attendant. Mr J H Cragg's Record Sale on Saturday was a big affair. Much sympathy is expressed about here at the death of Mr D Pye's child, who died on Monday from diptheria. Mr H Wittig has removed into the building ad joining Mr B Woods' grocery store. It is with regret that I have to report the death of Mr Abe Hession. He died at Liverpool a few days ago from consumption. He had been suffer ing for a long time. The different roads around the district are in & very bad state, especially the main road to Nelson, and the one leading past Mr T Schoffel's residence on to the Pitt Town Common. Mr Marden's team of bullocks were bogged there a few days ago, and he was obliged to unload before the beasts could get free. A concert in aid of the funds of St Paul's Sunday school was held in the Temperance Hall on Satur day night, when there was a large attendance, the Eev H E Wilson being in the chair. The first item on the programme was a piano duet by Misses Faviell, which was well executed, as also were the following items-chorus, 'Fairies,' the chilldren; recitation,' Sunday Thoughts,' Miss Ethel Shearin; duet, ' Wont you come to my tea-party,' Misses Westall; song, ' Flower girl,' Miss Fiorrie Wheeler; comic duet, 1 Milk-maid,' Miss Abbie Campbell and Master Stokes ; violin solo, Master Edward Shirley; duet, ' Whispering Hope,' Misses Roberts; comic song, Mr Westall; chorus, ' Doll Rose,' the infants. The second part opened with an overture by Miss Faviell; chorus ' Soe-saw,' children ; quartette, ' The cows are in the corn,' Misses Eva Roberts, H Shirley, E Rumery and C Shoular; song, ' The old Brigade,'the boys; duet, 'Wait for the waggon,' Misses Gladys Campbell and Alice Westell; violin solo, Miss Abbie Campbell; trio, ' Three old maids of Lee,' Misses E Shearin, A Phillips and A Sar geant; song, ' Fairy footsteps,' Miss Thirza Wheaton ; comic BOIO, Mies Alice Westell; chorus, ' Swinging,' children; chorus, . Good night,' children. A quiet, but very pretty, wedding was celebrated at Marsden Park on Monday, when Mr Augustus William Herman Wittig was wedded to Miss May Cheadle, eldest daughter of Mr F W Cheadle, of Barnard Lodge, Marsden Park. The bride was at tired in white liberty silk, trimmed with chiffon and brilliants, with a wreath of orange blossoms and veil. The bridesmaids were Misses Nellie and Ettie Cheadle, sisters" of the bride. The former wore grey crepon, trimmed with shot silk, hat to match, and the latter had on white muslin ever buttercup. The bride's travelling dress was a black crepon trimmed with shot silk, hat to match. The presents of the bridegroom to the bridesmaids were gold amethyst brooches. Mr Max Riscke acted as best man, while the Rev C A White, B.A., con ducted the ceremony. A first-class wedding break fast was prepared by the mother of the bride to which justice was done. The happy couple left by the afternoon train for Sydney. On reaching the station they were received with showers of rioe, and when the train was moving from the station several gun reports were let off. 