PAST H— THE VFACTS. The firat Item of fact we came upon ia * Goran.' . meat notice, neafled 'Supposed Murder,' issued from, tiis ColaoSal Secretary'e Office, 'on September 22, '26. It iays that ''Wfoeraae Frederick Fitter, by the ship AUafi, holding: a ticket of leave, end lately reading at Campbelltown, has disappeared within the last Siree moathe; it is hereby. notified thai a reward of £20 will beNgiven for the discovery , of the body of the eaid Frederick Fisher; or, if he shall have quitted the colony, a reward of £5 will be given to any penson or peretms who shell produce .proof of tite same.' Tbree months, then, had pasted since the date of the murder (June 17) before the matter attracted official notice. S^ocdoubt it was a subject. of every day talk aiiicng the settlers; but neither the local police sar -tfae local magistrates thought it necea sary to make any inquiry. Tne ghost had not pre eeated itself either; if fee had, surely no time would be lost in acting on his mysterious Mnte. Stranger. aUU, tbe reward was advertised week after week la the newapapens,' and etfli nothing was -fajmd- until the last Week of October. A ehort paragraph, in the 'Maoitor' newspaper* informed the public, some days later, that 'an extraordinary, discovery .of mur der -'»-! very recently taken, .place in tthe neighbor hood -of CampbelM»wn. Diligent eearen was made for a length of time, and no tidings could Jfe gained until Tu&day; (Oetober^31), when by the^aid of same blacfe natives, the body was difleoroeMSd.rjn._a'- field, 3ft below the surface of the- ground.1': Suspicion, attached to a man resident in the neighborhood, with /whom the deceased had had a serious .quarrel inh/n iitoMmfi arid who had reoorted 'his departure for' England. He had posse^on of a horse which had belonged to Fieher, and had produced a forged receipt for it. He had been token into custody. The next item is a coroner's, inquestj of which we get a short account in another newspaper— the 'Australian.' The body was identified, and the verdict was 'Wilful murder against -some person or persons unknown.' The editor had heard 'no- thing about the ghost, although he was treading on delicate ground when he said: 'The- way in which the body was discovered is most extraor dinary. The constable, liuland (Newland), of Campbelltown, having been urged by the magis trates to make a diligent search, proceeded on Oc tober 25 to the premises of the deceased, accom panied by another constable and two blackfellows. One of these, on coming to a creek behind Fisher's house, observed some scum on the water. He took up a leaf and skimmed with it a little, of the water, which he smelled at, and then proceeded farther on. He stopped at a particular spot, and shoved an iron rod into the ground. On drawing it out, he smelled at it also, and then exclaimed that ?the body of a. dead man, or of something else, was buried underneath. The earth was removed, and the body of Fisher exposed to view.' 