[Cor5m5aH.] 3 MVIARTfTIN CASI ;h OR THIE OUTLAW OF TABLEMOUNT. Pl fr 4re Historical ,Narrative of the o1 Early Days, front the Diary cl of an. Qld Colonist. (IN SEVENTEEN' PARTS.) . gi PART XVI. ci :- -C Taking about six pounds of gun- re powder, the leader advanced cautiously n but quickly towards the circular build- I ing, which was not more than one hun- a: dred yards distant, and soon reached it.- b There was a small recss close to the n ground in the stonework evidently for P drainage purposes, and into this Cash inserted the powder. A train was laid a out for some distance and the aperture tl of the recess partly closed by a log n which lay close at hand. ji When all was ready the powder train r was ignited, and, raising his right arm tl as a signal to his comrades, Cash drew ri a pistol and ran round the building. a The huge dog in front at once espied- tl him, but almost cre it could bay the b bushranger fired and killed it. The distance between this round structure and the homestead proper ti was not more than fifty yards, and it v did not take many seconds for so fleet tl a runner as Cash to cover it. Short as fi was the time, however, the explosion s occurred before the door was reached, ti and just as a man, bent almost double s with age, came to it a terrible blast took s place. The volume of smoke which shot up obscured the greater part of the struc- s ture for a time, but as it cleared away: Ii *the full effects of the explosion were tl apparent. The loosely built stones d were hurled and thrown about in all g directions-in fact the place had col lapsed. The howls of. the wounded c and dying dogs were terrific, and the c sight and the noise seemed to paralyze the old man who had come to an- y swer the door, and was no other than i Apsley himself. "Surrender or you are a dead. man. r I am Martin Cash, the bushranger. If I any resistance is made I'll not scruple s to take life, so be wise and yield with-: t out trouble!" the leader cried as he I confronted the aged owner of the farm- :c house. By this time Cash was joined by his t two comrades, and though several men: belonging to the farm made their ap- £ pearance from different places, they were all unarmed and entirely at the c mercy of the outlaws. :.To resist meant 'death. They had all heard of Martin: 1 Cash and his comrades and were not I disposed to irritate them by useless re- I sistance. Moreover, the summary measures taken to destroy the dogs had a salutary effect on them from the bushrangers' point of view. Every one of the animals bad been killed or seriously Trijured by the explosion and the falling: stones, and the sight was a pitiable one as the wounded animals dragged them selves about howling with pain. "Let me get pistols and put these poor creatures out of their agony," pleaded the old man as he watched his favorite dogs. "I'll save you the trouble. It's best to shoot them, no doubt. Watch these people for a few minutes," the;leader said to his fellow-outlaws as- he strode towards the kednels. There were-so far as he could see six full grown dogs in the place and four puppies. Only three remained alive, and Cash soon put them out of pain by shooting them. This done, he turned towards the homestead and be gan the serious business of the day. "Muster all your servants in the kitchen, and mind no one is left out," he said to the old man, who Jones told him was Apsley. The latter did not make any demur to this order but at once obeyed it. Indeed, the employees scarcely wanted telling, for they turned into a large wing on the south side of the home stead which was used as the kitchen and common dining-room. There were a dozen male-servants at the farm and three female-servants, but four of the former were in the outfields. They had heard the explosion and were now returning to the homestead in con siderable perturbation. Of course they had no idea of what had really hap pened, but naturally suspected that the powder which Apsley kept in the house had exploded. Kavanagh, who remained outside, saw these workers coming across the paddocks, and he went inside until they came close to the house. Then going out he covered them with his musket and quickly marched them in to their prisoner comrades. "I don't see young Apsley amongst the crowd," said Jones to his chief. " Where is your son ?" curtly asked Cash of the old man. "My son ?" repeated Apsley senior rather startled. "3My son? Oh yes. He is in FHobart Town. Went away a couple of days ago on business," he concluded, in a rather jerky sort of manner. The answer seemed to satisfy the bushrangers, who said nothing further on the point but proceeded to make themselves as comfortable as possible. The larder of Apsley farm was well stocked, and Cash ordered the best food in the house to be prepared for all hands. He desired to ingratiate himself with the employees, as it was always wise to conciliate them. "I intend to stop here a couple of days, Apsley," he began, " and in the I meantime I'll take care of 'our fire arms. Let me have every weapo:n of the sort in the house, and I ca-' pro mise you will not trc molested- There must be no treachery. If there it, you know what will res.:it." The farmer spo; to one of the men, telling him to sh-, the outlaw where the a.-.- were kep', and in ten minutes the 'chi had them all secu~rid in a corner i the large r-om. These which were loaded he drew the charges from, cc anrd that done, he proceeded to do full as jiistice to the excellent repast set before w. him". b . There was plenty of strong drink de placed on the table, but the outlaws tt were not foolish enough to indulge too freely in it. In fact, sobriety was one e: of the main factors attending the suc- w cess of Cash's gang. as It was now rapidly drawing on to- a( wards evening, and the bushrangers ol consulted as to the best method of la 'spending the night. They decided to get what rest was possible under the d circumstances, and for that purpose ti .Cash told the servants that they could a retire to rest at the usual time, but the q men must sleep in the kitchen and the b women in their own quarters. By this e' arrangement two of the convicts would be able to sleep while the other one p mounted guard over the unarmed em- tl 'pioyees. This suited the latter well enough, h and, truth to say. when they found o there was no danger of brutal treat- k ment from the outlaws they rather en- n joyed the diversion. It really meant g relaxation to them at the expense of n the master, for while the bushrangers a remained no work would be done. In o addition they would eat and drink of the best, and altogether their lot would s be much better than under the ordinary a routine of life. s' The only person who looked par- ti ticularly gloomy, abd indeed vengeful, b was old Apsley. For the first time in P thirty years the farm had been success fully raided and his trusty dogs de- t stroyed without him having a chance h to fire a shot. Still a look of hope t sometimes flitted across his face as he i sat moodily before the spacious fire- r place. t Cash noticed his dejection, and r said:-"This is the first time I be- s lieve, Apsley, you have ever had to en- c tertain bushrangers. I must say you t do it well, and we will always think I gratefully of you." The old man turned fiercely and ex claimed :-" You may never get a chance to be grateful. You've come to Apsley Farm, but you haven't got away yet. Don't make too sure of anything in this place I" The outlaws only laughed at the old man's chagrin and ceased to torment him. Cash was chivalrous enough to see his great age should at least pro- I tect him from insult. A couple of hours later silence and sleep was or :dered, and soon the inmates of Apsley Farm were either slumbering or trying to do so. Each outlaw took a turn on guard and the night passed without in cident. Cash was in no hurry to leave his comfortable quarters, and decided to remain another night on the farm, as he had stated. The convicts did not fear pursuit for several days longer, and their disposition was to tempt attack rather than run away from it. Indeed, the three men intended to have a short life-for they looked upon that as in evitable-and to make it as merry as possible. They did not care to live like wild beasts hunted from one covert to another andsuffering priva tions and dangers. During the day the outlaws held high revel. Those of the servants who could sing or dance were cempelled to do so, though the compulsion was not of a severe nature. Apsley, of course, was not asked to take part in this on ac count of his age, but a careful watch was kept on him. The old man spent the time wander ing around, and often going to the front door, he would gaze long and earnestly in the direction where Oat I lands lays as if he hoped for succor I from that quarter. He had heard of the desperate character of Cash and his comrades, and knew they were quite ready to fight a company of soldiers, as they had done, and that fact occasioned Apsley not a little uneasiness. As evening drew on the same pre parations as were made on the previous r night were carried out. During the day the outlaws had possessed them I selves of all the money which was in place. This amounted to £64. They had also secured the most valuable of z the firearms and additional ammuni tion. A bullet-mould was also taken, 1 their own having been lost. f Cash decided to take the first watch Y himself, and this began shortly after v nine o'clock-early to bed and early to rise being a maxim practised in Van Y Dicman's Land in those *days by the -settlers. The large room where the t employees were kept captive was, as e already stated, a wing of the home stead, and from its door a good view , could be obtained around. c Before ten o'clock the whole house .1 hoid was apparently asleep, and the " guard passed most of his time walking s to and fro just outside the room and in f front of the house, taking an occa sional look into the apartment to see ;t that all was well. It was while thus engaged shortly d after ten o'clock thatthe silence of the night, which was almost oppressive in . its intensity, was suddenly broken by Sthe deep baying of a dog close at hand. a The sound appeared to come from the e vicinity of the demolished kennels, and f the grim warning did not fall unheeded on the acute ears of Cash. e Going into the room, he called up :r Jones. Kavanagh was already sitting e up, the sound having awakened him, . and old Apsley was also very wide II awake and not able to conceal his t agitation, though the outlaws did not r notice it being otherwise engaged. e "There is something the matter, s Jones. We could not have killed all the dogs. There is one outside now, t unless"-and Cash laughed, queerly e "it is a ghost of one of the brutes we \- killed." f "Dogs i' repeated Jones, jumping up. "Then there is somethingwrong," e -and he seized his weapons-" Young u Apsley must have returned, and we'll have to be careful." , The three men were now very wide e awake and fullyarmed-indeed, almost s overarred. Each had four pistols and a two mur:kets, besides a sort ofcut!ass. 1 hGoing t'o the door, they were speedily convinced there was something wrong as the commgtion at the late kennels was considerable. There must have been sever+ldogs, by the noise, and no doubt thej·-hid human comrades with them. The night -'as very dark, and Cash expressed'1bis intention of going to the west side'of the house to try and really ascertain what was the matter. Jones advised hirnindt to do so on account of the dogs, but the outlaw chief only laughed at his fears. Kavanagh remained at the outside door, while Jones kept guard over those inside and rather anxiously awaited the leader's return. Cash quite knew the risk of discovery heran, but he loved danger and was equal to every emergency: He had just attained his objective point when he instinctively felt some thing was near him. Both muskets were at full cock and ready for use, but he could not see the foe though he felt one was close to him. He was not kept long in suspense, for in the dark ness a few feet away there suddenly gleamed a pair of fiery eyes, and the next instant, with a low, savage growl, a huge bloodhound sprang upon the outlaw. He instantly fired, but the shot only slightly wounded the infuriated animal and the next moment it had made a spring at his throat. With a sweep of the arm the man kept it from that part, but its fangs fastened into t}ec fleshy part of his left forearm. Dropping the firearms, Cash drew the cutlass and began to slash the brute. This was a wise act and pro bably saved his life. Using all his immense strength, a few cuts of the weapon-one of which half severed its body-laid it dying on the ground, and not a moment too soon. He had scarcely time to draw a pistol when an other hound was upon him, but this time his shot was lucky and laid it low. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 