A Sydney Miracle. Investigation by a Reporter. The Interesting Case of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, who says that a few weeks ago he was Crippled— Partially Paralyzed, Suffer ing from Locomotor Ataxia, and Help less. Doctors, Hospital Authorities, and every one said he must Die as his Case was Hopeless. But they wore Mistaken. To-day ho is a New Man, full of Life and Energy, his Crutches he has Thrown Away, his Dead Limbs have Life, his Appetite has Returned, and, in fact, he has a New Lease of Life Out and Out. So much interest boa beeu shown by our readers in this marvellous case tbit wo havo published tho facts again as thoy appeared in tli3 'Australian Workman'' a few woeka ago : — Unc afternoon our ropresentatiro made bis way to tho homo of Mr. Thomas Jurvin, 45 Orown.lano, Ultimo. He wns discovered nur sing n two- year o'.d baby, and bia face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. Ho was up and about and ablo to answer the knock at the door. In roplv to tho preliminary questions, he said : ' You want to'know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.' 11 How long wore you suffering f' ' Well, twelve months ago I got so bid that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing ainco then. About live years ago, nest Christmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt streot, Sydney, Since thonocident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual dovelodmont of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' ' What were tbo symptoms ? ' ' Simply indescribable. Tho pains were something terrible. Thoy were just about as much as I could boar. Thoy were for all the world liko as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. 1 had no control ovor my bowole or bladder, and wa3 a nuisanco to myaolf nnd everyono elao. I was incossantly shivering and shaking, and could neither cat or sloep. On tho 23rd March last I saw a well known doctor, and he told mo that my case was uttorly hopeless. However, ho gave mo an order to the Director of Charitable Institu tions.' ' Did you mako use of the order?' ' No; I came home and went to bed, and have boeu pretty woll in bed over since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I folt then that it was all over with mo, and inly a question of days when I would give up tho ghost, My doctor was attonding mo, and did nil he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease tho agony I was ia. I was un der, him for five or six weeks. Ue came to tho conclusion that I was suffering from lnoomotor ataxin, or progressive looomotor ataxy, a disease of tbo spinal cord, chunic terieod by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movo monte. Ho told mo, thai I might last for ten yenro, nnd that I might novor got tho use of my legs. (Just then tbo patient kicked bis logs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible)'. Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea convoyed by the advertisement describing tho cure effected in the cneo of another boiler-muker in EagUnii, which I read in Iho Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People I road in tho advertisement of a case which soemed to fit my own. I determined to givo tho Pink Fills a trial anyway, and sent for n box. The effect was us murvellous as it was m'igical. I was able' to cat and sleep as though nothinjywus tho matter with mo. It was the first nppetito and rest Ihad for ramiy a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to movo about. I bavo taken four boxes of Pink Fills during the paat four weeks, uud am now taking the fifth box. I can walk ubout with tho aid of a stick, and am gradutlly, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vi tality. You nee thoeo crutches hero!1 Thoy worn raado for mo bofoio I (tot Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to uao them, and now I don't want them. All I wunt ia this stick, and [ hopo soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.' ' Ho is 100 por oent. bettor,' saUl Mrs. Jar vis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knoos. ' Dr. Williams' Pink Pills havo saved his life, and mude another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point, said that Jurvis looked ton yours younger that duy than ho did a fortnight previously. 'I can now,' continued Jarvis, 'have a cold bath, and all the fooling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a Doiler maknr, and you know I have to be iu the very pink of health and strenclb to work at that trade. I am botter to-day than I have been at any time during tbe past five yours. I uscribc all tho change and benefit to these Pink Pill?. Thoy have saved my life. lam in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On tho mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor Kuvo mo to deaden tbo excruciating pain. But they oan stay whero thoy are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows mo has boon umnzed at the changn in me. They can hardly bellevo their eyes. Hy being about ugiin has caused quite a sensation out here.' -i?uoh is thn reimirkalile history, aud con firms what ia eaid iu all th« chief newspapers of this country of tho astonishiug cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pinli Pdls for Palo Peoplo. They euro locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spiiul disease, also tho maiiy disorders which iuii-o from an impoverished state of the blood, such as auwmin, pale ard S'dlow complexion, general muscular \vea'-- ni'PB, indigestion, loss of nppetito, rh.-rtnss of breath, pains in the back, nervous head ache, &i.; Theso pills are a tonic, not a purgative. Thiy aro gpnuilio only with the full uamr, Dr. Williams' Pink P Us for P,ile People, and aro sold by chemists and storekeepers gener ally, or the Dr. Williams' Medicitio Company, Queen's Placn, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order ouc box for '2i 'Jil, or half-do7.cn for 14s Oil. 