FROUDE IN FACE OF DEATH. Among the recollections of Mr. Froode,which ippear in the January number of the " Conieniporary Beriew," the writer, the late Mis. Alexander Ireland, relates the following adventure which befell Mr. Froade, herself, and some frien.is when ont in a small smiling-boat Ijear Mr. Froude's rrsideuce :— " There was a whistling, keen cry in the wind, and we were hurried along bv sheer force of the current of air and water. Opening my eyes, i was suddenly aware of a change in the scene. An ominous blackness lay on the water immediately wound our little boat. The sun HtiU shone at a distance, but we seemed in night. The cry if the wind was raised to a wild shriek, the water rose tumultuously, the fierce gale came down one of those ' chines,' as the Devonshire folk call them—one of tliose narrow clefts between two hills. The sky, too, had changed ; tbe sail alu.ost struck tbe water ; rain and sleet fell abundantly. " Just before this change of weather I had been saying to Mr. Froade, * I sbi.ll never believe that I have been here ; it is Ml like a dream to me, t!>is experience.' And my companion had said, 'You are liko the ia«iy wiio saw a ghost iu her drtam and ucuM nut beiic e in it. Shall I grasp your arm, and leave a black murk as a sispi ? or is there any other way " His dark eyes were very close to me, and I added nervously, * Oh, I am only jo'sini;/ " * Bat.' he continued, * will nothing remain to you of these sights and impressions after you leave us ?' " ' To me," I said, • * all will remain : but I despair of ever conveying any true impression to another." " He marie uu reply. The • squall ' repeated itself furiously, and we shipped a g.j<ul deal of water, the sail again dipping terribly. Tbe little craft could not be rigliied. Froude, who still helj the tiller-ropes, said, with v.-liat seemed "to me a sardonic smile, and jierftctly unmoved : " ' Are you afraid ?' He spoke loudly—for the roar of the elemi nts ma tie it u> c.ltu!. I Uli-t Inn look :uid said quietly. * Not in the le%st ou which he tdrueti his head from ! me. , | c ^ ** Tbe st'Tm ii '-vv grew more violi lit. Miss Fi.ia (e, v.!nv w:is sielf- jjossessed, but verv paie, said, so as to be heard : * 1 thiiik ws are iu danger, father.' To which the reply, given without a tinge of emotion. was : " * Verv likely.' " It fijsbed through my mind with the strange r»pidity lhat is bora of such l.ionwnts. th^t a ne;ir possibility lay at hand of our all tjeiiii; drowned— since th« capsizing of a pleasure boat- in deep waters has often Jed to suth an en.? I saw, in my nmul's rye. the submerging of that little nnmauageablK craft. 1 thought Her.: is Mr. Froude, 70 years of agf—myself 50 —lie not h.iiging to live—I not longing to live. Hitherto I ha . been careful not to touch him, but with the violent movement of the boat I felt an ineliiintiou to catch at bis arm. bat did not. * Still,' thought I, 4 if we dronn it will be together ' : and conscious myself of entire phys- j ical disaliility.it might, after all, have been that ! we should bHV oluug together in that suoreme ! moment It takes me more time to write this than was allowed for the thoughts to flash through my miud. For again Froude's voice said, ciose to my ear: " * Are vou ready ?' " And something nerved me up to add distinctly -. " ' Quite ready. The place and the hour and the company will do very well, if it is to be now and here •• • Well,* said he dreamily, ' if 'tis not now, 1 'tis yet to come ; the readiness is all 4 4 And wlreost as soon as the words were spokeu, the boat lighted, the stress of the storm abated, and we got under shelter of some rocks. " Then Froude said coldly. 4 Don't trust to lirst impressions, Mrs, Ireland !' And he gave me one of his unfavourable, searching looks." 