A ROGUE’S DAUGHTER. CHAPTER XXVII.—DELIA’S APPEAL. BY ADELLNE SERGEANT. Cyprian returned home on the following day, and, without seeming actually to ob serve his wife’s demeanor, became at once keenly aware of the fact that she was utterly unlike herself. He was accustomed to seeing ber look languid and dejected—iu some eeDSes be had grown used to that state of tbiogß; but be noticed now that she was changed; she flushed and paled for no rea son; she started violently at every little noise; she had a frightened air, fnr which he aould not account. He felt rather than saw that there was anew look of appeal in her sad eyes, but to this he was determined not to respond. Delia longed to epeak, hub dared not. She did not know what view Cyprian would take of the matter, but she suspected that'he would thmk it his dnty to inform the police of Julian Vansittart’a presenoe in England If be were aware of it. No, she dared not bßtray her father —and yet the burden upon her was more than she quite knew how to bear. A day or two passed by, and she did not hear from Vaneittart. She began to hope, in a TBgue, futile way that she might never hear from him again—that he had perhaps seen Dick, and gone baok to South America without troubling himself to say good-bye to bis daughter. But even while she tried to oonßole herßelf in this way, she was not able to build any solid superstruoture of comfort npon so frail a foundation. It waß not likely that he would leave England without trying to see her again; and her heart Bank at the thought of auother interview. She loved him still; in spite of his fanlts, his orimes even, she could not cease to love her father; but she had a nervously exag gerated view of his influence and control over her. She wbb not sure that she might not be compelled to follow him to South America if he told her to come. She won dered uncomfortably whether Bhe were bound to obey him now that she was married, or whether her husband had the prior claim, Delia was certainly very childish, and very Ignorant considering her age, fnr she was by no means sure as to her respective duties to her husband, brother and father. But it must be allowed that Bbe was in rather Bn exceptional position with respect to all three. It would be different, she argued, if Cy prian loved her, and cared to keep her with him. But if he cast her off, what was she to do? Sib oould not obey him, because he gave her no oommands to obey. She did not Want to do anything that would displease him—but how could she find out what choice he bad in the matter, since ho would not ex press by so much as a word or a look the course of his desires? She had wanted to cast in her lot with Dick, and the matter still remained in abeyance; but her conversa tion with Rose had shaken her faith in this plan, and she felt miserably insecure. She was quite nnconsciouß of the fact that the servants had seen her in the summer house with a stranger, and bad gossiped among themselves about that mysterious visitor. And she never guessed that her own maid had thrown herself into Mr Haroourt’s way one morning on purpose to suggest in dulcet tones that she would very much like a policeman's whistle, if Mr Barcourt did not objeot. ‘ What have I to do with it? And what do you want with a policeman’s whistle ?' said Mr Harconrt, ‘lt’s rather a lonely sort of house, sir, and there's so many men hanging about that it makes me quite nervish,’ said Mrs Harcourt’s maid, elegantly, 1 Do yon mean the gardeners at the back of the house ?’ said Harconrt, frowning slightly. ‘ There iB no need to be nervous abont them, surely. I understand they are quite ar.re spectable class of men.’ ‘Oh, yes, sir. But you see, where one goes, another oan-go. And the respectable men can show others the way into our gar den, sir, and it makes one feel so unsafe at nights. I should like to have a policeman’s whistle in case of a sodden alarm.' ' Do you mean that you have BBen stran gers in this garden ?' 1 Well, sir, I don’t deny that I’ve seen one as seemed to be hanging about somewhere i and looking at the windows, but I think he was an acquaintance of my mistress’, for I saw her with him in the summer-house—’ ‘ That will do,’ said Harqonrt, shortly. ‘lf you only saw someone with Mrs Har cnurt, I do not see why yon are afraid of burglars. Mrß Harcourt’s visitors do not concern you.’ ‘ Oh, of coarse not, sir. Only it seemß odd that visitors should come and go through the back of the Bummer- honap,’ said the girl pertly. She expeoted to be dismissed upon the spot, and she did not oare. She was tired of serving Delia, who went nowhore and did not mind how she was dressed. Cyprian looked at her and very nearly uttered the words of dismissal. But he re frained. He would not send Delia’s maid away without her consent. He was strictly just and honorable—or so he thought him self—in hi» displeasure. Be would nob condescend to do a thing which should seem in the least to savor of petty spite. He sent the woman away from him, and gave him self up to melancholy reflection. Wae it true that Delia had been receiving a clandestine visit ? It could not be. Unless it suddenly occurred to him—unlesß it were that scapegrace brother of here, who must be ont of prison by this time. Surely this was the case. She had been afraid to admit him into the houee, and had therefore met him in the summer-house and set all the servants talking. It wae intolerable be havior. He wae irritated beyond all limits of endurance. Although he an seldom spoke to his wife, he felt that he must offer a re monstrance, a caution, a word of friendly warning. And for that pnrpose be entered the drawingroom a little earlier than usual that evening. Delia was there, with a curinua dull light in her eye, and two scarlet spots in her white cheeks. He looked at her and wondered whether she was ill; then decided that thtß strange and rather wild expression of herß came from the euppressed excitoment under which she seemed to have labored for the last few dsyß. It proceeded, he thought bitterly, from this unlucky visit of her brother. But Delia’s agitation had a more serious cause than the one to which he attributed it. She had received that morning a note from her brother Dick, and it had Bomewbat upset her nerves. It came through the post in the ordinary way, and was signed Richard Van sittart, as though he had never dropped the name at ail; moreover, the terms of the letter were carefully commonplace. Never theless, it Beamed to Delia ae if a secret breathed in every line, and aB if it were the most, compromising document that anyone oould pos»ibly receive. And therefore her cheeks were hotly flushed, and she could not meet her husband's eye. There were abont twelve minutes before the dinner hour, and Cyprian thought that he might as well make use of the opportunity to say what he wanted to say. The worst was that he soaroely knew how to begin. He had addressed her so little during the past few weeks that he found it absolutely diffi cult to open his lips. And she would not look at him. She per sisted in looking the other way. He cleared his throat and changed his position in vain. It was evident that she did not expeot him to speak. * Delia,’ he said. How she started. What a flood of lovely color suddenly dyed her delicate face from brow to chin. He was angry with himself for being moved by it—angry that he had been forced to call it there. ‘I am obliged to Bpßak to you,’he said, in his coldest tones, ‘on a matter which concerns your own reputation as well as mine.’ The flush had faded now, and left her face white aB marble, with a growing apprehen sion in the startled h>zel eyeß. • If at any time,’ said Mr Harcourt, in measured accents, ‘you should wish to see any member of your family ’ How frightened she looked. She aotnally cowered and shrank away as if afraid of words that might be worse than blows. _‘Orif any member of your family should wish to visit you, I should recommend your receiving him here in the drawingroom or the study, and not in the summer-house or the garden.’ ' Who said ? Who told you ?' she mur mured, locking and unlocking her fingers nervonsly. ‘ That dneß not much matter, dnea it ? I will only point out that to receive a man with any appearance of secresy gives rise to scandalous remarks. And it is also entirely unnecessary. I have never, I think, desired yon not to see your brother, if yon wish to see him.' ‘ My brother,’ said Delia, in a tone of such relief that he conld not help turning to look at her. • Dick ? Ob ' ‘ Wae it uot Dick ?' he eaid quickly and sternly. There was a moment’s silence. Then Delia looked up, defiance in her eye, and resolution on her lip. She had been driven to bay at last. ‘lt cannot possibly matter to you whether it was Dick or anybody else,’ she Baid. Cyprian bowed, satirically. ‘You are quite right. It does not matter—perhaps. Still, while you are under my roof ’ She interrupted him with feverish eager ness. ‘ You know I don’t want to stay. You know lam longing to get away. I was only waiting until Dick—Dick came ’ ‘ Came out of prison. I understand,’ said Cyprian, with outting distinctness. ‘He is out now, I presume 7 Then I might per haps Buggeet that you make some arrange ment ’ ‘Ob, Cyprian, Cyprian, you are very cruel to me,’ said Delia, suddenly breaking down, and hiding her face in her bands. Cyprian moved restlessly. ‘ I am only doing ae I thought you wished,’ he eaid, in a lower tone, whioh had a strangly mufiHd sound, 1 You gave me to understand some time ago ’ ‘ Oh, I know, I know,’ said Delia, heart brokenly. ‘We needn’t go into it all again, need we? I’ll make all the arrangements you wish. Dick wantß me to go and see him, and I’ll talk to him.’ ‘ Very well,’ said Cyprian, quietly. Delia would have been astonished if she bad knowD what a thrust at his heart these words gave him. After all, he could not bear to think that she should seek connsel from any man but himself. Even her brother was not a fit counsellor for her. Delia wiped her eyes meekly, and endea vored to control herself. She did not notice that a folded piece of paper had fallen from her lap to the floor. Cyprian picked it up and restnred it to her. ‘ From—ynur brother, I suppose,’ he said, a little jealously, ‘Yes.’ * I may read it ?' ‘ Oh, no, nn,’ cried Delia, catohing at the pap»r. ‘ Not for the world.’ ‘You need not be afraid,’ be said, very coldly, withdrawing himself a little from her side; ‘ I was not going to snatoh it; but I cannot see what your brother should say to you that is Buoh n secret. Your future plane concern me as well ae him; but perhaps you had forgotten that.’ ‘ I did not know you cared anything about them,' eaid Delia, faintly. ‘ Yon had better let me see the letter, I think; then I shall uuderatand yonr brother’s attitude.’ He spoke so coldly that no one conld have guessed the tnmnlt of passion which shook him at that moment—Delia least of all. The thought uppermost in his mind wbb a con viction that his wife had not spoken the troth. The letter, he believed, wsb not from Dick at all; it wae from some other man. She raised the paper in her trembling fingers, and gave it to him submissively. She did not know what he wae thinking, bnt she recognised the ring of command in his tone. The letter was very short. ‘My dearest Dslia,’ it ran. ‘ Will you come here to-morrow afternoon and see us ? You know whom yon will meet. I want to know yonr planß for the furore, as I am afraid that there will be a difficulty; bnt we can talk of it when we meet. God bless you, darling, for yonr faith to me. ‘Yonr loving brother, ‘ Richard Vsnsittart.’ Oyprian stared at the paper, and read the words two or three times without quite knowing what ho did. There wae an odd mixture of relief aod dieappointment in his mind. The letter was from Dick, and it was straightforward enough—but it told him very little after all. He gave it hack to Dslia with a cold word of thanks, ‘You are going, I suppose?’ he added. ‘Oh, yes, lam going,’ she added. Her head was whirling with amaze at finding that he asked no further questions. The reference to the person ‘ whom she would meet’ had seemed to her bo painfully dear, But Cyprian had nnt noticed. There was a moment’s silence; Cyprian consulted his watoh, and wondered why din ner was nnt ready. Delia sat silent and motionless until the servant appeared to say that the meal was served. Even then, to Cyprian’s aurprise, she did not rise. , He bent towards her and held out hie arm, which she almost mechanically took; bnt with the touch of his arm a sadden revulsion of feeliog took place. The servant had left the room, and Delia tore her hand away. ‘ What is the nse of keeping up this faros?' she said. 'ls it for the sake of the servants who spy upon me, and report my doings to you ? I will not go on with it any longer. If we are to live opart, why do we pretend— pretend to be friendly?' She burst into tears and rushed out of the room before Cyprian onnld collect himself sufficiently to utter a single word. He stood looking after her; lie heard her go upstairs and look herself into her room, and a great wave,of pity rose high in his heart, a great desire to follow her and hold her in his arms and comfort her. But again lie steeled himaelf to endure. ‘I am a weak fool,' he Baid bo himself, ‘but I will net bs so weak as that.’ And he walked straight down to the diningroom, and went through that ‘ faroo 1 of dining against which Delia had at leng'h rebelled. He had entered the house with a fairly good appe tite, which had, however, entirely disap peared when he sat down to dinner. He retired to his study as Boon as he could conveniently do so, and sat there during the evening, trying hard to read a volume of philosophy, but not succeeding particularly well. About 11 o’olock he was dietnrbed by the entrance of Delia, who glided in without knoaking, looking peculiarly ghost-like in a long white wrapper, with her hair floating dawn her back, and her hands stretched out In appeal. ‘ Oh, Cyprian,’ she Bald, approaching him so softly that he scarcely heard her come, ‘forgive me.’ He looked at her without altering his posi tion in the very least. He did not mean to be harsh, but it seemed to him as if he were in a dream. He lay back in his chair and listened, but he oould not speak a word. 'I don’t mean,’ she went on, hurriedly, ‘ that you can forgive me for the past—l’ve given up all hope of that—bat for my foolish ness to-night. I know I was very silly, very impatient, but I—l could not help it jußt then. Cyprian will you not forgive me.’ He had roused himself a little by this time. He heard himaelf replying, with a callousness at whioh he wondered, in the confused way in which people do wonder at their own doings now and then. ‘No apology is needed. You are free to do exaotly bb you please.’ ‘Ah, no, lam not—l am not,’ ahe cried, suddenly breaking into tears, ‘or I should be free to die—to die, and be forgotten.’ And then she turned and glided away bb softly as ehe had come, but with her face hidden by her hands; and Cyprian, left alone, rose to his feet, and held out his arms as if he wonld have called her baak. It was too late. She had gone, and he had lost his chanoe. A Bense of passionate lobs, of nndying sorrow, came over him, and laying his head against his folded arms on the marble mantelpiece, he, too, wept tears of exceeding bitternesß. He was ashamed of himself afterwards. He told himaelf that he was very weak, very womanish; but the fact remained; and for some time he had been conscious of one thing only, and that waß his desire to take Delia baok to his heart, bo comfort her for all her great troubles, and tell her to trust him in everything. He had wanted to do this, and something, was it pride? had held him back. And now be felt, with a mixture of remorse and a dreary kind of irresponsibilty, that he had loßt his chance with her for ever. She would never forget or forgive his insensibility to her appeal. • flow ha could have answered her so . coldly he did not know. He had spoken as if ho oared not an iota for her p-*in, her penitence, her desire for his for-’ givenesß; and yet his heart had been aching with the craving for her love. It was weakness, sheer weakness, and he wonld put the thought of Delia far from him now and for evermore, {To be continued next Saturday.) 