MY OLD DEAR. The farm was shrouded in November twi sight and had a forlorn air, but this was by no means an air of unthriit or neglect. A typical Ohio farm-house of the better sort, with evergreen crowded front yard and out buildings stretching~ away from.the rear, ditmly outlined itself against a hillj back ground. The hired man came from the barnyard with two frothing pails of milk, and was met at the side doorstep by a stranger who had laboured with the front knocker in vain. "Good evening,"said the stranger. "Howdy-do?" responded the hired man. "Does Mr. John Thomas live here !" "Yes, sir." "Is he at home !" " lie can't very well be anywhere else," re plied the hired man with an explanatory grin. " He's been helpless since a year ago last August, and can't go nowhere unless he's carried out. I 'tend to the business of the farm for the old folks." "My business is with him, not with the .farm," said the stranger. '...I- Step right into the house, then," invited -the hined man; himse;lfleading'the way with his pails of milk. "Aunt Susan," he an nounced in the familiar tones of one who feels tbo dependence of his employers, "here's a gentleman to see uncle. The clean kitchen. bright with lamplight, and preparations for a country supper, held nothing eise as heartening as the old woman who turned from her cooking-range. 11er ripples of grey and auburn hair, patient blue eyes, and trim, active figure, won the young man, though lie tried to regard her with callous indifference. She took him into an inner room where a table was spreaJ at the elbow of an old man propped in an case-chair. .It was a comfort ,able roiom, full of pleasant living. and signs of such opulence as an aged agricultural couple might care for. On the mantel over the l.g lire stood a deliberate clock and two vases 'f those mummlnies known as winter bouquets. Locked in the calmn of paralysis, the use less fariser omet and resisted that approach ing stranger's gaze. A lamp burned in the midd!e of the table. It showed every cast iron line of the invalidls grizzled face. Iis weaknless became on a sudden his strength. He tool: refuge in it and covered himself will it from the vengeance lie recognised comning out of the past in search of him. " Dear, here's somebody come to see you,' sail the old wife, bestowing this delight upon- her husband and a chair upon the stranger. "The neighbours have all been so good, but it isn't often we have a stranger to our house now. I think it's so much better for Dear to see folks," she confided to the young man, "than to sit alone in his fliliclion." Her caller stood by the hearth, declining a seat, and holding his hat. He was a hale, blonde man, carrying with hint the air of the busy world. Success had already set confi dence in his face. He was a power confront. ing that wrecked old man, for whom he could feel no more pity than one gives a badly crushed snake. " We don't eat in the kitchen since Dear had his stroke," apologised the old wife, her mind half lingering with her dishes on the range. "It's handier for him to have the table here. I'll bring them right in, and you'll sit by and take supper with us." "No thanks." The stranger took a paper from his breast pocket and unfolded it. " My business is brief. I came to hand this docu ment, copied from one I retain, to Mr. John Thomas." " If it's a note or deed," said the wife, I'll read it to him. Dear can't hold anything in his hands'now." She took her spectacles from a work basket, and coughed and reached for the paper. The young man put it behind him with a flashing action of the muscles surprising to himself. The firelight made her mild spec. tacles glare. "This is a business matter," he apologised, blushing. The old man sat like a sphinx, and left his innocent and tender guardian to encounter his fate. "Well, maybe you would rather read it to Dear yourself," she suggested. " I would, if he must have it read to him." "Are you a lawyer?" she inquired timidly. "I am. Perhaps I forgot to mention that my name is Eugene Laplace." "Seems to me I have heard the name somewhere." " Your husband has. It is a name he knew well twenty years ago in the West. My father was his partner." "There, now, Dear," cried the lovely old woman, 'company has been sent to us for this Thanksgiving ! I knew we wouldn't have to sit down to our turkey by ourselves, If we are a lone couple. You'll take supper, of course. And where is your horse ?" "Iwalked here from the hotel in your little town," explained the young man. " It isn't far." "Dear won't have the son of his old part ner stop at any- tavern," she remonstrated. -"We: can send the -hired man for 'your \- , hings, and you'll stay right where you are. BDedsahnn't .seo-scarce in this house that a" friend's child can't sit down and stay." Thie young man folded his paper and pitt it back in his pocket. "I will call again," he said, in a bluna.er ing manner unusual to him, and his an'ious hostess, seeing that he desired to get o t, in dicated the front entrance, and miuilful of dignity, conducted him herself into tle chill hall. She shut the sitting room. door and leaned against a panel, her figure rellapsing downward. A fan-light, shaded by green paper, threw ghost-lines on her fiance in the dark. Upstairs the wind had fo und some crack through which it uttered 'a mournful cry. Laplace stood still, feeling thart he could not open the front door and escape, leaving the sweet old woman sobbing. "I don't often break down so," she said, clearing her face with her apron. "It was thinking how different you see Dear from the way your father saw him. He ivas such a a fine figure, and so respected. They made him Justice of the Peace, and he could have ,-been elected County-Recorder-and tlhere he has tosit before folks now like a dssmmy. O my Dear-my poor old Dear I" "Don't cry," said Laplace, hoarsely, from his throat. "My mother used to cry like that, after my father died." "Is she living?" No. "She also died when I was a child.0 "You would be such a comfort to her. Our boy would have been a man grown, and how I could depend on him now I I thought that was trouble-to have his little face nailed up from my eight. But when Dear was struck down and made a living corpse"--she covered her feae with her hand and shook. .....?,, ~. o nHere to-take on, and srvittles on the'store and'Dear needing no. I came out- to urge you'll take your tinner here to-morrow. You know Dear 'ant speak. I have to be nice for him. He B Can't invite his friends, no matter how much te wants them. We would take it so kind." a '" If I can," promised the young man, des- v serately, "I will come." "Dear will enjoy it so much. He used to be the prettiest talker I He could argue Sown anybody in a controversy. I always o have this to comfort me-there never was a man of more upright character than he was d before the affliction. He lived without a blemish." " But you will spoil him with indulgence now," said the lawyer, trying to smile. S Her sincere and anxious face received th p luggestion. g " Yes, he's a husband and baby both te y me now. If he was of a size to bundle ul s and carry around, it would case my feelings r What was the paper you wanted to read to w him ? If you leave it with me, I can read s it when I'm' eading him an evening chapter." "It can wait-it doesn't matter," said E Laplace, opening the front door. "There's s' some promise of snow to-night." b "Yes, and you better turn your collar up around your ears. Come early to- morrow. a We can't get out to the preaching.' Perplexity deepened in the young man's i face as he trudged into the town, and con- ti tinued to deepen after he had shut himself in t his chamber of the rural inn. A box stove Is with its length of red-hot pipe and a stooping C ceiling bounded his restless striding. A w coarse, home-made carpet failed to muffle b his steps. A kerosene lamp revealed hier with his hair over his face gnawing hi moustache. c "I'm not a fool," he said aloud. "I'm I not going to have justice knocked off the track by a little sentiment. My mother t suffered from the act of that old rascal. My father died of it. I grew up in poverty that a he made. I could have read the accusation d straight out to his old image-his condition n doesn't touch me a bit: But he has that B woman set up in front of him; I have to a pierce through her to get at the old thief. b His past blameless life is her comfort now ! k What would she do if she saw this?" n Taking from his breast an old paper, hay- a ing a broken red wafer on parts where it had b been joined, he lighted and chewed a cigar, g nod sat down nearer the lamp. This docu- n nent was the original of the paper he had a rttcmpted to deliver. It was a statement nade by Laplace's father just before death, o nd had been sealed up against the boy's wenty-fifth year. It specified how many ead of cattle John Thomas had robbed his e ick partner of, how many thousands of dol ars not his own he had absconded with; it :ontained affidavits of witnesses, and indi sated the part of the country from which John Thomas had come, and from which his movements might be traced after the lapse If years. The young lawyer bad identified his man. He had the spoiler of his father's fortune, the oppressor of his mother and his child hood, where he could blast the man's repu tation and strip him of all he owned. He rose up and walked the room again, while his watch ticked the hours. Suddenly, after nidnight, he opened the stove and dropped both watered document and copy in. They flared up and turned to ghostly parchment, showing written char acters for a moment, and then melting down and becoming nothing. He replaced the stove lid and threw his arms wide. "I won't take revenge on any woman. My father never meant it that way. My mother and my wide would think me less a man if I took my rights through the angunish of an innocent creature like that one. I'm young, I can work for my family. The Lord Almighty may punish old Dear, stund I'll do without my money." Upon that he went to bed, and. slept the s:eep which hardship teaches to her nurse lingos, until the landlord pounded at his door about dawn. " What's afire ?" asked Laplacst , sitting up in the nipping air." " Thomas's hired man's come after you," said the muffled voice of the las adlord, " to take you out to their place." "I'm not going out to their 1 ?lace," re sponded the young man. " I'm g oing on thf" lirst train. You tell him to tell Mr a. Thomas I have an engagement. I can't ta he dinner with her to-day." S"I guess you'll have to go," u aged the landlord. "'The old follow's hadl' anothel 'stroke, and he's dead." The hired man, waiting solemrnly with a democrat w aggon and brisk team, infor'med Laplace that the undertaker had alre.dy gone out, and the house was full of neigh bours. . They spemnalong the frosty road, winter' twilight sfill holding the woods and *fields under its pall. The yo ung man did not kmnow.what was ex pected of him or how to bs.ha 'e, but as he entered lhe house and the 'weeping woman came to meet him, he took 'her in his arms. Hie com orted her as if s' he had been ,4' mother. '"Oli l,]low blessed it is to have you here,' said the' trembling create ire, "and it's been a comfort to me every ti .me I thought of it, this awful night. My head is so poor is never came into my mi nd last night that you werethe heir. And T sear, he couldn't speak. I have my dower v .l1 fixed, but Dea' e x plainedit to me los' g ago that he had deal ings with your fathe >r that made him want to leave his proper'ly that way, seeing we had nochildren. Y.ot.onghtto have spoke oua plainer. And yo$arname-I knew it was in thewill-but L[orgot. And now he's gone from us i TI ?o best husband and most up right manth at ever lived I" When sheas could control her weeping, she took Laplarno into' the awful sanctum, and showed him'. -whas was yet her most precious possession. He looked at the grizzled face 'which had settled all sec res with home, and lhop-d sin cerely that th esplirit of Johln Thomnss would receive .forgi'eness frsm his Ilsaer. But' he prayed for hlimself that if he shotuld evsr be stretched deaid befor r. hewoman he loved, she might believe in hin, ' with better t 'elief, might stroke his ilair an t adore him .with her eyes, and say over a pa over and ove' ngain-" My Dear! My o rn sainted DIeat.!' -Mary aurtwcll Catherwos, ' Tepid water is preferable . !or bathing . e during every season of the yea r. Milk bat? II hare been ill favour from times mmemorabee. and nothing is better than ada fly hot b:a of milk. Waiter (very gravely): I hopt 1, sir, yS remember the waiter." Custom 'r (coolh SI have a locket. Give me a olool of hair." 