THE WATCHMAN OF ORSDEN MOSS. BY J. MONK FOSTER. Author of "The Slaves o£ Fate," "A Miner's Million," "Children of- Darkness," "Through Flood and Flame," "Queen of the Factory," "A Pit Brow Lassie," " The White Gipsy," • "The Mine Master's Daughter," sc., [COPYRIGHT.] CHAPTER I. THE BBTUBSr OF THE NATIVE. _ When the train rumbled slowly into the little station oE Oradon Green the only passenger that alighted was a stranger to the pompous, red-faced, thick- girthed little btafaomnaster, standing on the platform, and the poor-looking; attenuated porter who was hovering about the white gate leading from the platform, to collect tickets if any were forthcoming. • • As he stepped out of the carriage the solitary passenger glanced around him with the air of onus unaccustomed to the plaoe, stared at the new rod-brick station-house in a quietly curious way, reg*rded the pursy, uniformed official as if he were half-inclined to venture name enquiries, and .than seeing the waiting, would- be oolleotor of tickets and the open rata, walked slowly; towards them, drawing his voucher from bis waistoeat as he went forward. "How far is the village' of Orsden Green from here?" the man queried, as he .handed his 'railway ticket to the porter. "About a "mile, sir." the long-legged, anemia - looking railway servant answered readily. " When you get to the highroad turn to the left and you o&n;'t itrins it if you go right op. You an a stranger about these 'ere parts, " You are right, iny man, I'm a stranger," the teaveller returned, with the ghost of a repressed smile flickering for an instant about the oornen of- his eyes. "I suppose now there will be no place in the village when one could pat up for a day or two?" . "There's only the Black Boar, sir; but both the landlord and his wife are nice folk, am' I daresay they'd make you' comfortable. Anyway,.if yon was tihinlrin' of sfappin' you might see, eir. "Thank yon, I will. "Very warm, isn't it? Here's a drink. Good afternoon, my man." " Thanks. Good day. Sir; turn to the left, jBrind." -"•-.. Passing through tha open Rate- the stranger want along th» downward slope of smooth cinders, and in a few moments was standing in Hie country lane over which the railway ran. Without pausing the man set out at a rapid paoe to the left, went beneath the stone archway, sad passing a newly whitewashed farmstaadl gave a hearty "E^ne afternoon, Mr. Brodnck," to a burly, grey- bearded fanner be met ooming oat of the farmyard. , - The farmer stared -hard at the stranger, fronted back some indistinct response, and then turned-to follow the other with his eyes. But the man who had come by train to the small station at praden Green trudged on in stolidmiconcern, drawing an old briar from his vest pocket, ramming down the dust and tobacco with a thick, brown finger, and soon \- lagpuffeof pnngsnt smoke-wreaths were rising from his lips to-eddy and molt away on 'the summer air.; - . , HieBtalid wayfarer-was common enough ioofciog individtuL He seemed to be about five-and-fifty years of ago, was ,bf medium height and-goodish build, with bhmt, intelligent features, whitish bait, and iron-grey beard., Hebadfineeyes of ereyish-blne, and theywere keenandclear as those of a man in his t wsnties; and his garments and general bearing were snoh as one might expect to • find in a respectable member of the 'working classes. Still,smoking,stolidly, sod trudging xnea- Euredly, tiie peide8trian came to the summit of a. gentle tro.w up which he bad been pacing. •Here he paused, drew out a red cotton handkerchief, removed- bis soft felt hat, and mopped his'perspiring countenance.. Then,his eyes swept the whole of the surrounding oouiitiyade, and the altered look in the deptturofthose gray-blue eyeebetokened some regret and much quiet enjoyment., He appearedatthat momenfas a man might be , expected to look when at length, after years of dreaming; theLajidofftomise lay before his . eyes... j.. •'-> . ,._..',•'• . Xhejnour upon which the stranger was gazing was a Bomewh&t; fair one to find in the : : heart 6rTaantohire, within aecore of milas of > world, and about a sfrom theCapitalofCofcton. iw, as he paused there, pleased and perf^Sfing, 'fee •' white dusty highway Taway.ma 'gentle -declivity, between l^aS^MipigBfX Massomjladeii hedgerows, L£(&ilsk;'A qaitfter ofa mileaway, where nished^ feom Us sight, knots of _ ^tttharfcBa-fcB-oeaitreTrfTlie 4 Green, sand Ate square tower ;^«rey-fartrwn • stone, iMitg high above the % jiBest chimneys in ;thie" place, denoted ' the .'TwijatuabontH jot tfae'-aacied ground wherein t " theradcforefatharBQf the hamlet" slept in 4'peace. ; •» Tbthe eufe of tin vfllagethe green lands swept upward for half a mile or more, felowly at first, then sharply, till the creatof the Bispham Hills .was reached. Almost on the top of 'the green ridge a white f&rmhouBe; . ctood oot cleiaHy, and the great sails of-the slowly tsraiiiig -windmill were vividly silhouetted 'Against the blue of the summer ddcs, -and oould be seen in Coleelough, the nearestllowiy whidi-was just five miles away. On the highest point of the m^nlWfan^ «weep -bf preen upland a lot?, roughly con- ' structed pile of unhewn stones indicated the site of the old Bispham Beacon, whereon, in days long fled,; watch-fires had flared' forth when danger fcM thre&tened; the land. The wholfe of tbe ocmntry^e lying on the •western jade of Orsden Green was flat, and only .commonly interesting. There were many fields' and * few farmhousae, a green lane or two, and pathB across the wheat- fields and \- grass lands, and here atid there a clump of treefc--••--.=-? .. '• i'.' Orsden Moss and Orsden Hail ware close byihe village. The former was a barren stretch of turfy moor • upon which nothing grew sav$ rushes, marsh marigolds,. and a • handled other vagabond plants useless to the -husbandman.- Now wad again, in past years, ineffectual attempts «fc - cultivation had been made, and in times more remote still the moss . had supplied the -rfllagere with peat for their cottage fires.' - . Orsden Hall was-situated on the edge of the moss,~whero the ground rose somewhat , and Ihe ecnl was better. It was a tumble-down "affair now, but had been a residence of aome -pretentions and consequence when a few of the Orsden 'Gxeen folkB were lads and lasses. There wore dumps of trees about the house, a big, rambling ' old orchard behind ' it, a neglected lawn and flower patches in front, :and the whole was surrounded by a tall, ragged; untommed hedge of hawthorn and hazel, over iand abouf which the fragrant, ydlow-Wossomed honeyeuckle and the white* chaliced bindweed clambered , still and flourished in their seasons. Standing there on the summit cf the. high- ' toad the upper windows of the Hall were just visible to the resting and reconnoitring wayfarer, and aa his keen grey eyes swept over them for an instant a most forbidding scowl blackened bis countenance. Then his gaze -was hurriedly withdrawn, and flashing eastward to the foot of the green shelving upland \- rested upon the only really black spot in that 'wide expanse of summery greenness. This was the Orsden Green Colliery; but one might have peered about in vain for the towering bead-fear of heavy baulks of timber that usually guards the entrance to a mine. The coilieiy was worked by means of a tunnel, or ' 'day-eye," driven under the range of hills, and for .twenty or thirty years had furnished more or less—generally less—employment to the male portion of the villagers. The wayfarer's'eyes reBted on theengine- ,bouse, office, heap6 of coal and dirt, the tramline running northward to the railway siding, •with akx&'of recognition in them. It was . evident he knew the old-fashioned, antiquated colliery, and it was evident also that therecol- \- lection revived no bad memories such as those the sight of the Hall had recalled. " Just the same old spot that I have carried with me all these years," the man murmured to himself as he pursued ^is way villagewardB. , "Not ja single thing seems to have changed. There's not a new house added to those I recollect—not one of them missing. But what of the folk who lived in the cottages when I went away? Are they unchanged too? And is that miserable-natured, flintveonled old scoundrel still alive and at the Hall? Well, well, I shall learn soon enough now.' And the others? What has become of them ,—Matthew, Lake, and poor Judith?" The man's voice trembled just a little as those names fell slowly one after the other from his tongue, and a generous moisture gathered in his sharp eyes. The sight of the peaceful-looking village had sent his thoughts back with a rush to the incidents and happenings of many years before—the little delights and petty annoyances which then made up the sum of his life, and the one foolish adventure which had driven him outlawed and outcast abroad. And now he was back again in the green, sleepy village wherein he first drew the breath of life; and the ban which had been placed ou him in early manhood bung over him still, now that he had topped the hill of life and was slowly and gracefully sliding towards the black Rdlf named of men Death. But thoughts of the ban gave our friend no deep •cohoern. If the face of the land had changed imperceptibly, be knew that he might oxpest changes in those who had known him in his youthful dayB. Of all those whom he had left behind, and remembered still, how many were in the land of the living now? Not many, he felt assured; and, if a few remained, would they be able to recall his name even, much less recognise him? Thinking of theee things, the man went down the falling high road, and when the first cottage was at hand he came face to face with the first of the villagers. He knew that cottage well, and paused a score of yards away to take stock of it again. It • wag a low house of stone, and stood by itself, with a strip of garden surrounded by a closely trimmed hedge of privet, in which was set a small white wicket. Then he noticed a tall,' girlish figure at the little gate, and he resumed his walk. The girl was at the wicket still when he approached. Somehow the pedestrian was minded to speak to the village maiden, and when he was opposite her he drew up, and with a olumsy attempt at civility half-raised his hat, saying— "You must excuse me, my girl, but isn't this Orsden Green?" " It is, Sir," the girl said, readily. "And where is the Black Boar?" " Ju3t a few strides further on. You can't miss it, for there's a big drinking-trough for the horses before the door." "Thank you very much!" He'lifted one foot to take himself away when another thought stayed his progress. "You'll excuse me," he said, awkwardly/"but perhaps you can tell me if any one of the name of Shelvocke lives in the village..' "Shelvocke!" 8he cried, and her eyes sparkled, her lips parted with a smile. " Yes, Sir; there are several in the village. I myself am one of them!" "You?" His-eyes lit up with a new, a sudden interest, and he regarded the budding specimen of womanhood critically. She was darkhaired. dark-eyed, and olive- skinned, had good features,* and a tall, graceful, welldeveloped figure for one of seventeen. In a few years she would be a beauty of the dark, imperious type. While he regarded her he was speaking. " The Shelvocke I had in my mind, miss," he said slowly, "was a man of the name of Aaron — Aaron Shelvocke. Perhaps you wouldn't know him. He was a mate of my own once, but that was some twenty-five or thirty years since." "Oh, he's been dead ever so long," Miss Shelvocke answered lightly, as she ran a brown lissom hand along the sheaf of dusky tresses hanging down her back. "Dead! Well, well! I thought I'd look him up as I was passing this way, miss. Surely he wasn't related to you in any way, was he?" *' I believe he was, Sir," she replied. " Of course I never knew him, but I have heard my father talk about him. Uncle Aaron was a bit wild, as you must know, if he was'a friend of youis: and when he went away to Australia or New Zealand they never heard from him afterwards. " But how did they get to know that Aaron was dead?" "Somebody brought the news of his death. He was killed, I believe, by somebody at the gold-diggings." "Poor old Aaron! Poor old Aaron!" the man said * sympathetically. "To think that I should only think of looking you up after all these years to find you dead—dead and buried in a foreign country. And so he was killed at the gold-diggings? Well, well; Aaron always was a wild roving sort of chap. But I was fond of him for all that. Your Uncle Aaron wasn't a bad sort, my girl!" "'.Perhaps not,.but he got a bad name, didn't he?'' " Nothing worse than - poaching! Nothing worse than that!" the stranger exQl&imed; warmly. " And so your father was one of my old friend's brothers, was he? • Now, which of them, miBs, for I believe there were two or three brothers?" " My father's name is Luke Shelvocke," the gill answered, not without some pride; "and he is, or was, che'Underlookec, and Manager as well, of the Orsden Green Colliery over there." - 'I don't remember him; but I'm glad to hear that one of poor Aaron's relatives is alive. And so. Miss Shelvocke, I understand that your father isn't the Manager of the oM colliery now?" - "No, Sir!" And a faint frown flickered across 4he girl's strong and darkly handsome face. Retired; I dare say, through age?". 1 Oh, no 1 The colliery is stopped for good, and folks are saying it will never be reopened again." ^Indeed! How's that?" The people who owned it—the Vanshaws— have all gone to wreck and ruin, and the whole of the place is to be sold up. That is the reason, Sir; and I believe the sale is to take place oh Monday next." "How sad! How sad, to be sure!" the man muttered commiser&tingly;, and the girl, whose eyes were on the speaker, wondered how it was that the look on his face was entirely out of accord with the tones in which he spoke. "That .will be a bad job for all the villagers, 4 suppose?" he said. "It Will, Sir; but I for one'sh&Il; be glad to get away from this dull place!" " is yonr father thinking of moving, then?" '. He hasn't eetd-BO -yatiJwt I- hope he will. Why shctald he. stay here. when there is no farther work for him!" 'Just so.-' I dare say he ib in the house now.-' _ 1 Oh, no; he is at the colliery, where they m paying off all the workpeople for the last time. X must be off now to eet his dinner ready or. I shall catch it. Good afternoon, Sir. She half-turned from the gate. ' "One moment, my girl," ha cried. '"Tell vour- father, will you, that an old friend of his brother's was enquiring about Aaron. I may see him before I go away, as I intend to stay in the village for a day or two. I shall put up at the Black Boar, don't you oall it?—if I can get no other place. - "Shall I give him your name?" she queried, with her fine black eyes fixed full on his own grey ones. "Of course—I'd quite forgot. Say Mr. Brown—Mr. Israel crown, of Preston—was asking about his brother Aaron." Bhe nodded her bare, dusky head quickly, he nodded more gravely, and then they parted; she made her way to household affairs, he went thoughtfully towards the village inn. ," A bonny wench that, and a smart one, too," he murmured to himself as he went along. "And so Luke is alive and kicking yet. I wonder if he is as miserly and religious as he used to be? And those other Sbelvockes the wench spqjce of? Who are they? Very" likely some of tbe children of Matthew and Judith. Well, well!" CHAPTER II. PEACE WITH HONOUR. The man who had called himself "Mr. Israel Brown," and given his address as Preston, had made his Way to the Black Boar, and, as the obliging porter had suggested, had succeeded in obtaining apartments there for such time as he might require them; The inn was of the low, roomy, rambling character so often encountered" in village hostelries of an antique date, for the Black Boar had been a fully- licensed house when stage coaches were common and railways were just being talked of. It stood by itself, and back from, the highway a score or more of yards, the space in front being paved with the slippery round-topped cobbles to be met with now in country places only. ' Behind the house was a great expanse of greensward, kept carefully and set apart for the lovers of the gentle art of bowling; and the "green" was much frequented not only by the villagers, but by driving parties from Coledough. Beyond the bowling green was a pleasant orchard, and pretty stretches of cultivated. land; and as the green itself was surrounded on three sideB by a tall hedgerow, white with -blossom, the place looked attractive enough when, some hours after his arrival, "Mr. Israel Brown, of Preston, sauntered out of his quarters for a smoke in the open air. "auntering round the preen our friend came upon a bench set under a low, thickly-foliaged sycamore. Here he seated himself and proceeded to fill his pipe, and, that object accomplished, he lit it and puffed away placidly, his eyes following the movements of the "trundleraof the woods," whose cheery voices raised in play fli»ted to him on the soft summer air. Mr. Israel Brown had been sitting there for perhaps a dozen minutes when his glance, straying around the wide square of green turf, chanced to fall upon the figure of a newcomer, a man, who waa standing at that end of the green nearest to the public-house. Instantly Mr. Israel Brown became very excited in his quiet way, and deeply interested. His keen, greyish-blue eyes were riveted upon that tall, gaunt, stooping, one-armed figure, with its ragged beard of whity-red tint, and its general air of indigent age. 1 His pipe was withdrawn frou his lips, and allowed to expire, the air of placid contentment had flown from his face and left it almost pallid, and his whole demeanour bespoke one who had been surprised greatly and considerably alarmed. Almost as quickly as be had lost his spirits Mr. Brown regained them. With a low laugh at his own discomposure he i>ut his fears away, struck a match, relit his pipe, and smoked away stolidly as before. But his eyes were still bent upon that gaunt, dilapidated-looking figure; and even as he dropped the glowing match he was aware that the man who had attracted his notice was coming his way. He waited wondering, but no longer fearful, and nearer and nearer the man drew on the narrow path of gravel which ran alongside the bowling-green. Then he was near »t band, was standing with a servile, apologetic bearing: near the wooden bench upon which Mr. Brown was still smoking. "I beg yore pardin, Sir," the one-armed man began, "but may I ax if you might be Mester Brown?" " I might be, my man," said the man addressed merrily, "and may I ask who you may be?" " Owd Dan Coxall, at yore sarvice, sir!" "And what can I do for you. Mr. Dan Coxall?" . "Well, sir," the older man replied, as he seated himself on the vacant end of the bench with the slow stiffness of a rheumatic subject, " Mester Challis, th'landlord, were tellm'me that you was askin' a lot of questions abeawt O'sden Green, sir!" 'So I was; and the landlord was good enough to suggest to yon, Mr. Dan Coxall, that you were the very man to tell me aU I wanted to know about the place and its folks?" " That's jus' it, sir." " Well, I shall be much obliged if you will. But suppose we have a drink first?" "Thankv, sir! Mahne's a pahnt o' ale here, Betsy, wench!" The servant came at CaxaU's call, took their orders, supplied the refreshments, and then, when the liquid had been sampled, and each other's health toasted, Israel Brown remarked, "And now, Dan, let me begin my questioning by asking how long you have lived at Orsden Green?" ."A.' my life. I were int' village nigh on sixty-nine 'ears, an' I never was eawt on 5 !." "You must have known a few of tbe Vanshaws then — the Squires of Orsden Green, as they were called?" "I should think I did know some on'em Why, sir, I were gamekeeper for Squire Van 6haw ten 'ears afore I lost this .'ere arm in his sarvice; but it's more nor fahve an' twenty 'ear sin' neaw! Th' fust Squire Vansbaw I knowed were Mester Drake Vanshaw, him as nearly ruint th' estate wi' racin' an' gsmblin'. Then there were his brother, as was cawd Miser Vanshaw, and when he deed" (died) "soon after I lost this 'ere limb"—here the speaker held up the remnant of the stump— "his son, y'ung Mansford Vanshaw, came on, and he were a rare plucked un he were." "What was there remarkable about this Mansford Vanshaw, Dan?" Brown asked, as the old gamekeeper paused and buried his face in the mouth of his pint pot. . "Well, sir," Dan resumed, as he wiped his lips with his knotted brown knuckles, "it were lahke this 'ere. The Miser Squire was a reg'lar stric' soart, an' he made his son Mansford to toe th' mark jus' lahke a pore ev'ryday Christian.- The y'ung felly stood it gradely weel, too, till his fay ther popped off, an' then begun to shake a loose leg, an' no mistake abeawt it. He took after his uncle, Drake Vanshaw; an', bit by bit, ev'rythin' owd Miser Vanshaw left behint him his son has made ducks'an' drakes on! The last bit or two will bd gotten shut on near 1 Monday afternoon. But there's not much neaw, Sir. Once, I've heerd mi fay ther say, that the Vanshaws ownt ev'rythin' for two miles on evety sahde o' O'sden. An' neaw " "And now," the-other broke in with an oath, "the whole cursed race of them is' wiped out of the country. Well, let them go. Why should you and I grumble, Dan? They were no good ta anybody. Even you, who, you say, lost a limb in their service, are left now to live upon your old friends or die in the workhouse." "On. th' owd Squire didn't trate me so badly," Coxall returned with a wag of his head. "When I lost mi arm he fo'nd me a job up at th' ha', an' when Ben Stafford cocked up his toes I geet his plane as watchman at th' colliery, which I kept till to-day." "And now that the colliery is stopped you are thrown out of work, I suppose, Dan?" "That's so, mester; but if some'dy buys th place I dersey I may get my owd shop back again." " I hope so, Dan! Are you empty? Well, tell your friend, Betsv, to repeat our'dose." A little later, Mr. Israel Brown returned to the attack he was making on Dan Coxall's stores of village lore. "And this Mansford Vanshaw, Dan—what has become of him? Is he dead, or alive ! still?" " He's kickin' yet, they say, somewbeer in Ijunnun; bat he went to smash a few months srn', an' those as he was owin' money to has binlcarryiu' th' place on. They're tired on't it seems; an'th'wnole job lot Will swap honds nex' Monday." " Well, if tbe place is sold, I hope the colliery will be restarted, and that you are put back in your old shop as night-watchman." "Thanky, Sir! Yore good health." " I suppose, Dan," after a pause, the man resumed, " that you wouldn't remember a family of the name of Melvocke—no, Shelvocke, I am sure it was—that once lived in the village some twenty or thirty years ago?" "I should think I do!" wastheemphaticrejoinder.' " Why, Mester Brown, it was one o' that theer very fam'ly that caused me to looas this arm." " Indeed!" " " It were so. That was a rare plucked 'un, and they ca'ed him Aaron—big A, little a r o n. He weren't a'together a bad soart, wasn't Aaron, but he geet mixed up wi' a bad lot o' pooachers, had a row wi owd Miser Vanshaw, was sacked fro' the colliery, an' went to the devil'afore he flew his kite." "And was this same Aaron Shelvocke, as you call him, reallv responsible for the loss of your arm, Dan? How did it happen?" Oh, easy enough. Aaron an'~a gang o' his mates were after conies, an' me an' a lot o' lobs were after them. Wedropt across 'em, an' there was ajrow. One o' th' pooachers were kilt, an Aaron smashed my arm a' to smithers wi' a stake. But they a' geet away excep' th' deeud un, &n;' noan on e'm were seen again." "And what became ol AaronShelvonke?'! He went to th' goold -diggin's an' deed theer.". " And the other Shelvockes?" "Th' livin' or deeud uns?" "Those who are still living at Orsden Green!" "Oh, there's four oh "em- Owd Luke an' his dowter, an'two y'ung fellays—Mat and Iievi Blackshaw." Levi Blacksh&w;! He is not a Shel- vocke?" " He is Judith Shelvocke'eson!" "OhI I see, Dan. And these young chaps? Do they live in the village still?" "They done!" " And what do they do?" " Y'ung Mat is a cwaler, an' he were workin at the O'sden Green Colliery afore it stopped. Ho'c He's a nirtharlin)/] tayther wild card, an' on' J.11 he takes f.l^.. after his l - nncle Aaron,^jut he's a gradely dacent lad for a' that. Yo'll lahke him when you see him, he's such a pratty brown lad, wild, hottempered, an' devil-may-care. Jus' lahke his Uncle Aaron. Mat pays for me mony a gill o' ale, he does!" "And this Levi Blackshaw. What iB he like, Dan?" "Oh, he's a lot too good for O'sden Green folk. Levi takes after another uncle—owd Luke Shelvocke; and he's jus' as mealymouthed, as miserly, and as parsonified as his mother's brother. I don't care much for Mester Levi; he never gied me a penny in his lafhe." Is Levi a collier also? Nowe, he isn't; he does summat in a office in Coleclough. He's quahte a gent in his way, is Mr. Levi; with ashute o' black on Sundays] an' a collar an' tie ev'ry day." For some time silence was permitted to rest unbroken between the two men. Dan had " bottomed" his second jug of ale, and was vaguely wondering if another pint would be bestowed upon him, while bis companion was wrapped in thoughts engendered by the conversation. Meanwhile, .the lovers of the wooden spheres were disporting themselves and displaying their skill on the sward; filling the pleasant air with ejaculations, and the July sun was sinking in the west. "I've enjoyed our conversation very much. Dan," the younger of the two men remarked presently as he lifted his eyes and looked straight at his companion. " When one talks about old times it seems to bring them back again, doesn't it?" It does that, Sir?" Well, here's something for your trouble, Dan. I shall be glad if you will drink my health once out of it." Of course I wilL But—why, Mester Brown, <kt's a sov'reign!" and the old man gazed with sparkling eyes at the gold coin lyingin his crooked palm. "Yes, I know. If it is more than you expected dnnk Aaron Shelvocke's health also. He wasn't a bad sort, if he caused you to lose tb&t; arm, Dan, and thought he had killed you." Coxall made no immediate rejoinder. For some moments he stared quietly at the coin he held. Then he turned suddenly to his companion and surveyed him critically from head to foot. "You will know me again, Dan, when we meet?" " 1 think so, mester. I were bothered a bit at fust, but I con see it a-neaw." "See what?" "Who yo' are, an' why yo' are ere! Gi'e me thy bond, Aaron Shelvocke! I forgi'e thee, lad! If I hadna seen that little finger on thy left hond which is missing, I couldn't ha towd thee!" They shook hands heartily, and each laughed a little. Then the younger man said meaningly, as hiB alert eyes rested on the other— " If you will forget for a week or so who I am, Dan, I shall have another sovereign to spare next Saturday. "Thanky, Sir! Thanky?" CHAPTER III. A FAMILY GATHXBIKG. On the morning following the arrival of the stranger at Orsden Green that interesting gentleman had several small commissions to entrust to his now sworn friend and ally, old Dan Coxall. Shortly after half-past 12 on Sunday the ex-gamekeeper and watchman had sauntered into the Black Boar,. as was bis custom; but instead of lounging into the common room or vault, where beer was served to the miners and the poorer class of villagers at a penny a glass, Dan marched into tho bar parlour and called for a "bitterbeer." While he was drinking it with a conscious dignity the landlord entered and told Dan that "Afeater Btown" wanted to see him at once in his room. Coxall nodded, tossed off the remainder of his ale, and then, without a question, went to the apartment of Mr. Israq} Brown, who was waiting to receive him. "I saw you outer the house, Dan, and if you are not otherwise engaged I shall be obliged if you will do me" a few errands this afternoon." Suttinly, Mester Shel—" Dan was saying. Brown—Brown'. Israel Brown yet, Dan, if you are not too rich already to care for that other yellow 'un I mentioned." " Brown be it then, Sir!" the old man said with a smile. " An' what is it yo' want me to do neaw?" " You can read, I think?" " Oh, yes, Fm a bit o' scholard." ' And you know where Luke and Matthew Shelvocke live, and Levi Blackshaw, too?" "Ev'ry one on 'em. Young Levi lives wi' his nncle an' his cousin Naomi at th' top eend o' 'th' village theer; and Mat only lives a bit lower deawn here, in lodgin's." " Well, I want you to take these notes for me at once. This is for Luke Shelvocke, this for young Mat, and this for Blackshaw. You can read the different names?" "Suttinly, Sir, snttinly! An' beawt specs, too!" Coxall answered, as he turned the three closed and addressed envelopes in his hand. "An' is there annythin' else, Mester Brown?" "You will wait for a reply in each case, Dan, and come back, with it to me straight away." "Ay, ay, Sir! An' if they axen meanny questions what am I to say?" "Tell the truth. Dan; that is all you need to do. These people I am writing to are all near relations of mine, and I have told them what you were smart enough to find out for yourself!" Dan nodded and went on his errands. An hour or so later the ex- gamekeeper returned to the Black Boar, apd that 'he was the bearer of affirmative replies to the other's notes may be inferred from the fact that " Mr. Brown" had an interview with the landlord shortly afterwards, when he gave orders for the preparation of the most sumptuous tea for five persons that the inn or the resources of the village could furnish. Shortly after 6 o'clock, when the doors of the village hostelry were thrown open to the public. Miss Naomi Shelvocke, her father, and Levi Blackshaw Dresented themselves at the bar of the Black Boar. Luke Shelvocke was a thin, sparsely built man of fifty- seven, sharp-eyed and cleanly shaven, sharptsngued and close-fisted. Although Mr. Luke Shelvocke had spent all his days—or at least so many of them as had been devoted to work—at Orsden Moss, he had never before crossed the threshold of the village inn. His father bad.been an unbending teetotaller during-the latter half of his days, and the example set him by his parent the miner rigidly followed. Luke's impulse on receiving that note from the hands of old Dan Coxall was to refuse the invitation of his brother. He was surprised to learn that his long-absent relative was alive and back again in the place of bis birth, and was not, perhaps, so mightily overpleased by the intelligence as one might have expected. To old Luke and his nephew Dan had delivered the two notes at the same moment, and while waiting for their answers had heard the young man and the older one discuss the situation in which they found themselves so unexpectedly placed. " It would have been better, uncle," Levi had said, "if the gentleman had come here to see us. I have decided scruples about entering the house of a publican, even to see a long-missing relative." "Them's jus'my'pinions, Levi," Old Luke had replied, proud of the young man, in whom he had inculcated the doctrines of total abstinence. " I think Aaron might ha r known as we would rayther ha' had him come here nor go theer." "Then suppose we send Mr. Aaron Shelvocke word, through Coxall here, that we had rather he would come here, uncle?" Blackshaw had ventured to suggest. "Nonsense, Levi!" Naomi Shelvocke had broken in here. " You and my father ought to be ashamed of yourselves. I feel ashamed of you, anyway. Here is my long-lost Uncle Aaron turned up after all these years, and because be asks you to meet him in a respectable public-house your teetotal fads make you consider whether you should go or not. v ery kind and brotherly behaviour that, I am sure!" Both the old man and the yonng one winced a little under the whip of the merciless yeung maiden's tongue. She was hot-tempereid and fearless, and never spared either her father or her cousin, whose joint weakness and personal failings were obvious to her. At this juncture old Dan Coxall joined in the discussion. "If yo' dunnot care to goo to th' Black Boar, Mester Shelvoeke, Til tell yore brother," said Dan. "But you needn't ax me to tell 'im to come here, for he connut." . " How's that?" Levi demanded. "'Cause he's some'dy else to meet at tbe inn." "Who has Aaron to see, Dan, besides eawrsels?" old Luke enquired. " Young Mat Shelvocke." " Tell Mr. Aaron Shelvocke," said the girl with deliberation, "that we shall all be pleased to accept his kind invitation. And you needn't tell him, Dan, that my cousin and my father had to consider seriously whether they would accept his hospitality or not." Dan laughed at the girl's sarcastic sally, nodded to her. and went his way, for neither Luke nor Levi had. ventured a word in opposition to Naomi's definite statement. Probably both of them -desired ^o go -to- the Black Boar, and were willing tbat the girl should afford them an excuse for doing so. And thus it came about that shortly after the hour of 6 p.m. Mr. Aaron Shelvocke found himself sitting at tea with the whole of his surviving relations—his brother, his niece, and two nephews: Of Liike Shelvocke and his handsome daughter some description has been given, and a few words may be devoted to the two young men. The cousins. Mat Shelvocke and Levi Blackshaw, were as dissimilar in appearance and nature as their uncles. As old Dan Coxall had shrewdly declared. Mat took after hiB Uncle Aaron; was wild, hot-tempered, and reckless, but generous withal, and for the rest was a handsome brown-faced and blueeyed young chap of twenty, with crisp, reddish-brown curls. Levi Blackshaw was many shades darker than his cousin Mat, and not by any means so good- looking or attractive, despite his being .much better dressed, and having a suaver and more polished tongue. Levi had a certain curious resemblance to his Uncle Luke, which even old Dan Coxall had been quick enough to notice. Levi, like his uncle, was sparely bnilt, and somewhat undersized ; had black piercing eyes, that reminded one of a cunning and fierce animal, dark eyebrows that met on the bridge of the nose, a thin, highly arched nose, and thin lips that could be drawn tight and white when passion moved their owner. In spite of these trifling personal shortcomings Levi was not what one would call a bad-looking youngster. At the first glance his dark face did not repel, and when he cared to ingratiate himself his smooth tones were musical enough. He was a few months older than Mat, and was supposed to be a much more reputable character in every way. Perhaps this supposition was due to the fact that he shunned the public-house and attended the Sunday-school and the village Church with decent regularity. A sumptuous tea was awaiting the old and the new generation of Shelvockes wheu the party of live entered the room set apart for the repast, and after a few words of grace, which Aaron had insisted upon his brother saying, they all fell-to upon the comestibles mine hostess had provided. Not before the meal had been done full justice to did Aaron Shelvocke turn to the business which he had in his mind when he decided upon that family gathering. He had greeted all his four relatives in an easy manner on their arrival; they had professed to be pleased beyond words to meet him—one after an interval of many years—tbe others for the first time in their lives, and Aaron had received the greeting of each one with a curious look in his clear, biuisb-grey eyes. There had been no mistaking the genuineness of the pleasure that filled his face when the returned wanderer wrung the hands of the frank, open-faced, sturdily builtMat, and that of his sprightly gipsy-faced niece; but the pressure of hiB fingers when they clasped his brother's palm, and Levi's also, was only that of the man who scarcely cares to veil his here to-day?" That's true, Aaron!" the elder answered, ndifference. "I daresay, Luke," Aaron Shelvocke began, as he toyed with his half-empty teacup, " that you and all these youngsters have been wondering what caused mo to bring you all "'Twould Ua' bin more seemly lakke if tha'd come tothi tay at ewer heawse." "Perhaos it would," was the half-smiline answer. "But I had a fancy, brother, to entertain you all when we met. The usual thing is, I know, for the rambler to ask forgiveness for his ramblings when he gets back jome again—especially if he has to fly for life as I had to do—but that sort of thing wouldn't suit me. But for one of two things, Luke, I should perhaps never have left Australia after apending more than one-half of my life there. " An' what were those things, Aaron?" . the elder brother queried, with his eyes watching the other closely. I am going to tell you all. That .is why I wanted to get you all together to-day. Now, listen!" Four pairs of eager eyes were fixed upon the speaker, who. after the last word, coolly proceeded to drain his cup. But no one spoke; Bach one was waiting for Aaron to explain. 