Pith ajtd Point. The largest mspmoth tusk yet dis covered was 16ft. n, length. : The consumptio. of boot-blacking1 In England in one ye,r amounts toa value of £560,000. i( 'The Three Muleteers' Is the third act .of an Adelphl melodrama the whole way through. ; Twenty-two co£l-l'aden ships sailing from Newcastle, Nw South Wales, have been reported as rUsslng at sea s'ic© 1888\. \ A first-class merciant steamer costs in building £28 per Ion weight of hull, and £13 per indicated horse-power, of engines. \ -??-.?- In the names given in Inverness Direc tory there are 730 varieties, yet the Frasers made up 93 per cent at the whole population. The general rate of pay for all classes of labour in Switzerland is a little over half as much as is paid for the same description of work In Great Britain. A man stood Inside the Venetian, blinds the other day, and spent fifteen minutes trying to brush a streak of sunshine off his coat with the clothes brush. In -San Francisco a 17-year-old hus band recently obtained an ' absolute divorce from his 16-year-old wife. He was employed as a messenger boy. A young lady ate half a wedding cake, then tried to dream of her future hus band. Now she says she would rather die than marry the man she saw in that dream. ? . The Paris jeweller Satin, who was charged with replacing with , paste the ' jewels of Mme.de Bute, which had been temporarily Intrusted to him, has been sentenced to eighteen months' imprison ment. A cat's eyes are said to be largest . at midnight. We never made, an ex amination, but we are positive that Its voice is about seventeen times; larger . at that hour than, at any other period during the twenty-four. . ,, The land on which the two battles of. ? Bull Run were fought is . to be sold at -? public auction early next month, and cut- 'f up into small farms. As the first great * battlefield of the war It answers some1' i) of the requirements of a national park. 5 Her Majesty the Queen is not in the ; Habit of wearing much jewellery, but; I there is one trinket she always has ,on, * and that is a gold bracelet given to her * said, her Majesty has not unclasped % from her arm for the last thirty-four ?? years. . . . i This winter there are 28,709 students C in the German universities, .4597 of whom are studying theology, 8132 law, 8361 medicine, while 7619 are under the philosophical faculty. There is a dis tinct falling off in the number of. students of evangelical theology front' last year. Many are the anecdotes told of Dr.' Keate, Mr. Gladstone's head master' :at Eton, and his constant threat; ' I'll flog you' — notably of his way of enforcing the lessons of the sermon on the mount; 'Blessed are the. pure in heart,' said Dr. Keate. ' Mind tWat ; it's your duty to be pure in heart. If you're not pure in heart, I'll flog you.' Fifteen hundred sea otter skin's wera brought to the traders - by Alaska' Indians last year, according to the es timate of a trader just returned to Seattle. Furs of bears and foxes aggre gating may thousand dollars in value were also brought in. He says Alr«3ka's wealth in furs is very great, and in many regions is yet practically untouched. A singular Corean hat is a great-round mat of straw worn by a mourner. The hat is bound down at the sides so, as almost to conceal the head and face of the wearer. He carries in his hand-, a screen or fan, and when in the road any one approaches him, he holds the screen in front of him, so that it, to gether with the hat, completely con ceals, him. .^ Intense cold, as is well known, burns — if we may use the term— like heat. If a ' drop' of air at a temperature of 180deg. below zero were placed upon ? the hand It would have the same effect- as would the same quantity of molten steel. Every one who has had the care . of horses ought to know the intense pain caused by placing a frosted bit into a horse's mouth. It burns like hot iron. In Jamaica a new use has been found for .the bicycle. A prominent entomolo gist of the Agricultural Station is travel ling aibout the island giving personal in struction in waging ; war against the various insects that play such sad havoc ?with the crops and vines. .To the handle-bar of his bicyeje he has attached a reservoir of insecticide, and to his 'back is strapped a portable spraying machine. A winter cycle, lately made,- has two runners, one ahead of the other, and between them is a' pair of treadles like those on a bicycle. From these to a heavy balanced wheel in the rear runs an endless chain, and this wheel, turns . a small drive wheel with spurs to stick Into the snow. It Is thought that a per son can travel along hard-beaten coun try, roads with this as* easy as on a cycle. . 11 Ghostly visitations' continue at Clandon House, near Gulldford, in Surrey, one of Lord Onslow's mansions. There are upward of fifty persons in Clandon village who claim to have seen the 'ghosts.' One takes the form- -of a black dwarf, another that of a lady, sometimes brilliantly, sometimes- very sombrely, attired. All the servants at Clandon House Bay they have seen; one or other of the apparitions. ? '..:? 