SHORT STORIES. GRANT'S WIFE. (Continued.) There was more conversation, and the flickering of a lantern, and in a short time Jackson returned to the whare. His grey hair was all blown about; he had a queer expression in his eyes. "They've lost their way," he said; "they 'are only going to stay a short time to rest the horses and the boy." "Who are they?" asked Mcustachlo. Jackson did not answer, but looked at the quiet man, whose face was blank and unconcerned. The logs had blazed up; the hut was light and cheerful looking. A man entered; tall, fair, and extremely handsome. He was followed by a lad in a great coat and a knitted Tam-o'-Shanter. "Sorry to disturb you, my friends," he said, in a deep, clear voice. "In the darkness and the beastly bad roads we lost our way. The horses are knocked up, and want a bit of a spell We have a long way to go to F-." "Sixteen miles," said the quiet mar.. Jaclkson was busy hanging the billy over the fire. "I'll give) you some hot tea," he said to the boy; "come near the fire." "Oh, he's not cold," cried the hand some man, hurriedly. "Girve him a rug and let him lie down. We came through a beastly bush 'track. He is tired." Moustachlo threw him a large striped rug. He rolled the boy up in it, and he lay down in a corner. "It's d- bad luck," continued the stranger, coming forward. "Who is the boy?" asked Willie. "Oh, a nipper frown town. I'm tak ing him back to his ma." "He's a good-looking lad," said the quiet man. "Yes." Jackson made the tea. He handed some in a pannikin to the visitor, then dipped out some more, and was going over to where the boy lay; but the other man put his own down on the table. "I'll take it to him," he said. The quiet man looked at Jackson and raised his eyebrows a hair's breadth. The stranger came back to the fire, and sat looking in it with a moody expression upon 'his face. Suddenly he threw back his head and laughed-a laugh that made the dogs start up and growl. "What's the matter?" said Jackson. "Nothing," he answered. "I always laugh when I am in a bad temper." "And cry when you're happy, I sup pose!" drawled the quiet man. "Yes," he said; but I haven't cried yett." He drank his tea and lit his pipe. They all lit fresh pipes; the group round the fire was increased by one; conversation became general. They eventually returned to their muttons. The boy slumbered in his corner; the dogs remained quiet. Soon Willie crept away and got his concertina, and began playing softly to himself. It seemed to soothe the company; their voices sank to a murmur; the rain still pattered on the roof, and thus an hour passed away. Willie ceased playing, left the fire, and tumbled into' his bunk. Montachio stood up and yawned. Jacksoin was gazing into the embers and nodding slightly. After a time the stranger stood up. "I think we'll go on," he said, and walked over to the boy. For a moment or two he bent over. him, then raised him to his feet. "Are you rested, young fellow?" asked the quiet man, coming forward. "Yes, thank you," answered the, lad in a low voice. He seemed rather sleepy and dazea. Between his coat ccllar and his hat there was nothing to be seen but two large dark 'eyes. He kept his hands in his pockets and shivered slightly. Thu man turned round to Jackson. "Thanks very much for your hos pitality," he said. "If you will bring your lantern I think I will go and get the horses now." Presently 'he heard the horses go off. In a few minutes Jackson and the quiet man returned to the hut. "I must have another pipe after that," observed the latter, and pro ceeded to fill it. Jackson's mouth was twitching. Something seemed to amuse him. "What's up?" asked Moustachio. The quiet man looked at the old one, who responded to the look with just the ghost of a wink. "Now we'll turn in," he said; but just then the dogs began to bark again. "They are coming back," said the moustached man. "It's from the other direction; one person riding," said the quiet man. Jackson was listening. "It's the boss," he cried, "on the grey," and rose hurriedly, went out of the door, and closed it after rhsim. After a few minutes a horseman stopped suddenly outside!, and a quick, authoritative voice called out iG! Jack son. A short discussion fallowed, and a loud oath. The old man came back. A broad grin was upon his weather beaten countenance. He shut the door, and walked up to the fireplace. "He'll catch them' up," he cried, rubbing his hands. The quiet man nodded. He locked rather grave. "Poor little thing!" he said. "Snakes!" cried Moustachio. Willie lifted his head out of the bunk. "Who is the man?" he asked. "Spencer," replied 'the quiet man. "Then the boy?" said Moustachio, with bulging eyeballs. "I know a fat lot, don't I?" chuckled Jackson. "I'm wrong this time, eh? The boy, my young friend, is the boss's wife!" Concluded. 