§Hta*atuT£. A PERILOUS POSITION. By MARY ALBERT, Author of ' The Luckiest Man in the World,' 'The Bride of a Day,' ' Urooke Fiucliley's Daughter,' 'A Hidden Terror,' 'Delia's fcjtor'y,' ''The Shelling of the Peas,' &c;, &c; (Published by special arrangement with the Author. AH rights reserved.) Chatter IX. — The Seahch. ' JIartin !' cried Leigh in a piercing voice, kneeling down and raisin? him in his arms — and there was a sharp ring of agonised en treaty in the one word, which seemed to ask what it was that had befallen hiai. But Martin lay against his arm without life or movement. As Leieh tried to discover if he had been hurt, something heavy felt from the hoy's pocket en to the marble floor. It was the heavy key of the hall door, and the maid who had admitted Leigh soon inserted it in the lock and swung back the pori.il, disclosing Lord Fit/.rt- agh at tho top of the flight of steps. As he hastily entered and caught sight of tho prostrate boy with Leigh i'orrovves kneeling beside him, his amazement changed to consternation. What could have occurred at Oak Park to bring Emmie's brother here at this liour, that i.s to eay, at 2 o'clock in the morning? The old man stumbled across the hall to a chair, while Leigh placed tho helpless Martin in th« porter's roomy scat. All nt once a figure appea'red on the great staircase leading into the hill, at eight of which Lord Fitzreagh, Leigh, nnd the be wildered maid alike passed their hands across their eyes, thinking the flickering light must have deceived them. It was 110 illusion, however, which had struck upon their view, but a tall, slim, girlish form, who, her beautiful eyes wild with affright, rushed down tho wide staircase. ' Martin !' she cried, ' Martin !' And then they all recognised that this was Emmie Law ford. ' Miss Lawford !' ejaculated the old noble man. ' Emmie !' breathed Leigh, aghast with wonder. 'Have they killed him, my own dear brother f gasped she, throwing herself on her knees beside Martin. ' For Heaven's sake explain what lias hap pened !' exclaimed they simultaneously. But Emmie's attention was fastened in an agony upon Martin, who now moved, opened his eyes, and seemed to be recovering from a swoon. Then soiuo words burst from his lips — 'Save little Basil.' They seemed to electrify Emmie. 'Yes, yes,' she ejaculated frantically, 'save the child. He has been stolen out of his cot.' 'Stolen !' exclaimed Lord Fitzroagh spring ing io his feet. 'What does this mean? For Heaven's sake, Mr. Furrowes, come with me.' ' Yes, go, go !' insisted Emmie, bending over Martin, who now sighed and raised himself in the chair. 'Call the driver from outside and secure tho house door, cried Leigh. 'Now, my lord, show me the way to the nursery.' Panting, the old niau made what haste ho could, tho young one following iu a fever of auviety. Tljeiis was indeed an exciting quest. Little Basil missing ! If so, it would kill his grandparents, for the child was the hope of their house. A dim light was visible in one of the rooms at the far end of the corridor ; down this Lord Fitzreagh led tho way, panting out, 'It is the night nursery.' Leigh hurried on and pushed open the door, his quick glance taking in on the instant tho nurse heavily asleep and the empty cot beside her bed. 'The child is gone,' gasped the old man in an agonised tone. ' We must search the house— wo must set the police on the alert, ' responded Leigh. There was a movement in an inner apart ment, and in a panic of terror the under-nurae, roused from Bleep, hurried out wrapped in a cloak. 'Oh, my lord !' cried she, recognising Lord Fitzreagh. ' Someone has carried off the boy !' said he in a frenzied tone. ' Did you hear nothing? Speak I' And he clutched her arm firmly. 'Not a sound, my lord,' she stammered, now trembling violently and bursting into tears. ' The entrance of someone caused them to look round, and Emmie Lawford, wearing more the appearance of ghost than of a living maiden, advanced in great agitation. 'The thief is somewhere in the castle, I believe,' said ube, 'for itwas he who knocked Martin down after my' brother had sounded the prong aa an alarm.' ' Then we may yet save Basil !' This remark came from Lord Fitzreagh. No one thought of questioning Emmie as to why she was there— tho danger was too press ing and too awful. 'Let us separate, my lord,' said Leigh, ' and Bearch every cranny. Call up any of the servants who are in the house, i; added he to the frightened uncler- nurse. Tlieu. began a search in every- nook Arid cranny; nor was Emmie tho least of those eager in the work now that Martin had so far recovered. Seizing a. light, she courageously took her part, going fearlessly onward into room after room, followed by the trembling nurse-maid— but though they cried 'Basil,' 'Basil,' in the hope that a cry from the little fellow might answer them, none came. Nor -vas Lord Fitzreagh idle, though he was quite aware that ho was no match for any younger man whom he might encounter; while, as for Leigh, he was dashing from corridor to corridor and down to every exit to make suve whuther the cbild-stealer had escaped or no. On the way ho encountered a timid group — three maids and a stableman— who, roused from sleep, had dressed hastily and did not yet realise what had happened. 'Lord Basil has been stolen from his cot !' cried Leigh. ' Help to search the castle !' Il'aff one dreadful hour had been consumed in this way and still little Basil had not been discovered ! Yet Leigh, and everyone else who was aiding in the search held firmly to the per suasion that the little boy and his captor were still somewhere in the wide mansion ; n place full of nooks and corners, turnings and wind ings. No doors being open below had caused them to maintain this opinion, for the thief must have been unable to retrace- his way through the breakfast-room, since Emmie had carried away the key. As Leigh paused in an upper passage, asking himself what next was to be done, Emmie's quick ears caught a faint sound which seemed to come from tiie Rasping lips of a young child. ' Basil !' she screamed out ; and once more, faint and - distant, tho half-strangled cry re sponded. Swept out of herself by her keen anxiety for the little boy, she darted along die passage and as she went her flying feet brushed against something— a dainty pale-blue silk wrap which the little fellow was accustomed to wear when iu his cot, because he would continually toss his arms above his head, thus throwing off the clothes. ' Leigh !' cried Emmie, holding it on high, ' the child must have been taken this way and this corridor leads to the roof !' lla, ; they were on the right track at last. UnaUe to make his exit bslow the miscreant must have gained the roof and what might not happen to tho tender little Basillif his captor was desperate and made a false step. ' ' Two or three of you men follow me !' cried Leigh, springiugup the stairway which led to the short, narrow flight opening on to the leads. By tliia time, although the indoor servants had not returned from the dance, a groom, oue or two of the gardeners* and the stable man aforesaid had collected in the castle and were assisting in the search, led now en tirely by Leigh, for poor old Lord Fitzreagh had found that his day ior going up and down tlie many stairs and of being deprived of his usual rest was past Quite worn out, he bad sunk down on a chair iu the hall, leaving, perforce, to others the quest for his little kinsman. Emmie, too, had sunk upon a chair in the upper passage, nnd waited 111 sickening su spense to learn Basil's fate. And here Martin found her, and crept— quite overdone and mastered by his emotions — to her side. '?1 cau'fc stay here, Emmie !' cried ho, starting up a moment after. 'I must see what they are doing on the roof.' 'No, don't go,' she answered; 'there .ire enough without you.' 'l'il only take a look, Emmie.' And he had left her before she could detain him. The boy, still weak, stumbled up the steps which gave on to the roof, gazing in wild alarm over the fiat space interspersed with battlements and twisted chimneys, while in tho uncertain light, half of darkest shadow, half_ brightened by the moonbeams, he could distinguish the forms of several persons moving about — Leigh and his companions, of course. But as he still (fazed one of the narrow, dark chimneys appeared to detach itself from its fellow-chimneys and to crouch behind them, and to lie so motionless there that it seemed to be only a part of the deep shadow. 'It is the thief!' thought Martin, his youthful heart leaping wildly ; 'but what has he done with Basil?' A dreadful idea paralysed him for a moment —had the man thrown the child over the battlements ? But Martin pushed it from him and sprang on to the roof. Tho thief saw him coming, and with one sharp well-directed blow laid the boy prostrate and half-stunned before Leigh or his helpers (dispersed all about the straggling place) knew what was going on, and Martin's assailant had dashed from the roof within the house again, and had hidden in a brush closet, which had already been well searched, and thus gave his pursuers the slip, {J Even Ernmio had not detected any noise as the villain stole into his hiding-place. No wonder, perhaps, since his soft overshoes deadened all sound. And there ho lay, perdu, until a moment for escape should arrive. 'There he is, sir,' said one of Leigh's helpers, espying the prostrate Martin and mistaking him for the thief. 'Is he insensible, or shamming?' cried Leigh, bonding doivn. And then he recog nised Martin, Who was to tell whether the boy had stumbled and struck his head against one of the numerous projections near him, or had been fulled by a blow? They carried him down into the now deserted passage, for Emmie was no longer there, and placing the boy on a bed in tho nearest room, and leaving a couple of men to watch the exit from the roof, Leigh went below for aid. Emmie, however, had not abandoned her watch for no purpose. Whilst waiting in the deserted passage the girl, her ears continually on the stretch, imagined that she again detected that feeble cry which bad before roused her attention. It was a long way off, but more distinct than before, ani starting up she pursued it. Which way was it borne? Not from the roof, surely. No, it was rather from the very end of the long corridor, or even still further off, that the strange, muffled cry floated to her oars. The souud could hardly be called a cry, but it set her pulses tingling, and she trem blingly went on in the direction whence the sound had proceeded. Then she paused, listening intently, now turning an angle in the corridor, and she was thus out of the way of the villian, who lay concealed in the brush closet. As for him, risking everything he crept with snake-like movements from tho closet into a short passage, paused, concealed bira solf, went on agAin, turned, doubled, till he came on a flight, of 'stairs, down which he did, all the time listfening anxiously. Voices, movement, floated up from below, but he was still undetected. A little more hardihood might take him safely through the midst of his enemies. Turning in the contrary direction to footsteps which were approaching- him, going now up, now gliding down back-atairs, he found himself at length at the head of the grand staircase, having actually just passed one of the flurried maids, who mistook bim for one of the men who had been up to search the roof t Now if he could only gain the hall, open the door for himself, and make his exit, he was 6aved. The viilian knew that he was playing a desperate game for freedom, and he dared not hesitate. Now for it. Flinging himself down by the handsomely- carved oalustera he reached the foot of the staircase. But not un seen. Two women-servants were at that moment crossing the hall. They stared at him. lie dodged them, and then they uttered a cry. 'Stop that,' he said savagely, and fled to wards tlie entrance. And he had turned the key, withdrawn a bolt, and throwing back the door had dashed out into the night before any one could arrest him, for he struck out at the women with a weapon he held, and tho men arrived oniy to know that the thief had escaped. ' l?'at the child !' gasped Leigh. 'He had not got tlie child with him, sir,' insisted the terrified women. The other men had followed helter-skelter into tho grounds and Leigh was about to pursue also when Emmie's voice, calling strangely from above and uttering a kind of joyful scream, attracted his attention. 'What is it?' askud he, dashing up two stairs at a time. 'Basil! I have found him, Basil !' she ejaculated, as if beside herself with joy. 'la he hurt? Where did you tind him, Emmie?' gasped Leigh, in strong excitement, taking the little felJow (who now began to scream) from her arms. ' I found him in a liucn basket with the lid pressed down. Oh, Leifrb, is he hurt?' An excited group was by thin time gathered at the head of the stairs, and it was Loi^h only who retained sufficient command over himself to 6ay — 'Let Lord Fitzreo-sh be informed imme diately, and Mr. Martiu Lawford.'' A procession was next formed towards the nursery, and thither the sobbing Basil was carried. Poor little fellow, dazed by having found himself in the arms of a strange man and hurried about from one part of the castle to another, and, finally, as the man realised that he was trapped, thrust into a large upright basket in a deserted passage, it was not sur prising that ho should cry piteously. ^Butall his weeping did not awaken the head nurse, who still lay in a heavy slumber on the bed. It was a good while before the child could be soothed. Lord Fitr.reagh came hurrying up to see the restored boy and never had Emmie Lawford seemed fairer to his eyes than as she walked up an 1 down the nursery with Basil in he r arms. Martin, a good deal shaken by his last en counter with the child-stealer, came too; but he felt weak and dazed and asked bis sister ' if they could not go home?' Aud now when the worst was over and everybody was relieved from the appalling fear which had beset thorn concerning Basii, tlie police arrived, followed soon afterwards by the servants who had b«en to the daneo. Ami so great had been the confusion that it was only now that Leigh, together with Lord Fitz reagh, had time to enquire how it was that Emmie and her brother found themselves at the castle. It was Martin who explained very con fusedly, but he did not mean iieople to tind occasion to talk about his sister. 'Well, I suppose I ought to confess,' began he, 'that our being here came about through my intention to run away from home. I meant to go and seek my fortune in America, finding' it so dull at our place. And one is always told that you can get laud for nothing, and Hike adventure.' 'Upon my word, young sir, you astonish me!' exclaimed Lord Fitzreagh. 'But your wild idea of emigrating has, in some way, saved the house of Airton from a terrible sorrow.' *'YeE, my lord,' returned Martin, looking up, ' and as that good has come of it, 1 hope you will ask my father not to be toohuid upon me, youkuow.' ''You may be csrtain I will do my very best, my brave boy ! liut your sister here — you surely did not persuade her to accompany you ':' 'Oh, no. 1 never said a word to her or to anyone. But you see any noise is easily heard iu tho dead of night, 'and so, i suppose' (ntamuimug) 'my sister must have heard uie go out and so followed mo ? ' ' Ah ! now 1 can understand Miss Emmie's presence on the scene. But pray continue. ' 'Well, my lord, she and I — I mean I had agreed to go back with her, and, at least, to give up the idea of starting to-niglit. We wore in our park, under the trees, when we over heard a couple of men talking of carrying off little Basil— though they did not say so in plain words. But we understood. There was no time to cail for help, and Emmie insisted on going with me— eo \ye ran through the wood, knowing that the thief had gone by the road. In this way we saw him enter the castle by the breakfast-room window, which was open— and we followed, meaning to ring the alarm bell, but the rope had been put out of the way.' 'It is impossible to tell you how greatly I admire your courage aud promptitude,' cried the old nobleman. 'Miss Lawford, you have acted heroically, and so has your brother.' 'Oh, don't praise mo, please,' replied Emmie, beginning to shed tears of agitation. ' If Basil is quite safe 1 think we will go home now. Why, it is 3 o'clock in the morning.' ' Let me entreat you to remain at the castle till daylight. Rooms shall at once bn pro pared for you— and indeed it will bo safer in every way. Mr. Furrowes, I hope you will also consent to remain here. My gratitude to you is only second to that which I feel to Mi. MaTtin and Miss Lawford. Indeed, I cannot say all I feel at this agitating moment.' Leigh, however, disclaimed all necessity for thanks aud was about to depart, but was in duced to remain till he could accompany Martin and his sister home, since Emmie sug gested that he might walk back to Oak Park to breakfast in company with herself and Martin. Litt:e Basil having by this time sobbed him self to sleep, Emmie retired for an hour or two till it Ehould be convenient to leave the castle. 'Martin, you are a thoroughly pood fellow !' whispered Leigh. 'No o»ie can ever say a word against your sitter now. You are something like a brother.' The Loy'e lips parted in a smile as he took in the sense of Leigh's words before he fell asleep. Chapteii X.— A Recognition. When the sun rose next morning the whole neighborhood of Illertou, Wrexley, and the environs were in a strange state of excitement at the story which flew from mouth to mouth, aud before noon there was not a person in tho adjoining villages who had not heard of the attempt to carry off little Lord Basil. The manner of his rescue gave an additional zest to the romantic tale, and enquirera at the castle aud at Oak Park called in a continuous stream all the morning. Nor was the Rectory neglected, the part Mr. Leigh Furrowes had borne in the little boy's rescue being very favorably commented on. Emmie, iiowever, was the heroine of the hour, much to the girl's dismay, for she felt that she had been engaged in a very wrens venture when Bbe baa agreed to marry Leigh secretly, while Leigh felt conscience-stricken, too. Old Lord Fitzreagh was conscious also, that' he had been bent on a foolish errand, in seeking to serenade the young lady who did not desire to accept his attentions ; and it was Martin alone who dared to speak out and avow his real motives in haying gone out at dead of night. Such good results, however, bad issued from his intention to emigrate, that with one voice the village declared ' it looked like a Provi dence over the little lord ;' and others said as much in different phraseology ; so that Martin himself was not, at first, setioosly uneasy aa to the consequences of his rash act The headkeeper, Jennings, had received his note (posted by Martin himself overnight) and he camo up to the lodge to nsk for ' Mr. Martin.' ? . ? ? 'So that was .what you meant, was it, sir,' said be with a broad grin, ' when you told me yesterday afternoon that you was a-goiugto earn money ? I thought you was a bit odd, sir, but I never guessed what you was after. 1 shau't have to send out the pony and dogs this time to Manitoba, Mr, Martin, and I hope 1 never shall.' ' -Don't you be too sure of thaS* Jennings, l% replied tho boy. '1 shan't go now, of coursu.' ''Not till you know more o1 what emigration mean?, 1 hope, sir,' rejoined tho keeper, still smiling. 'I could rough it like other fellows,' said Martin warmly, 'aud of course I am very much disappointed at uot getting o!f ; but when little Basil was in danger it was my duty to try to save him, you know.' 'Sit-, it was a deal better than calibrating, as I think you'll agree some day.' While this interview was talcing place Leigh and Enunie had met in the shrubbery. 'I should never have forgiven mysc-lf,' said she, 'ifs^-if we had gone off Leigh. Father and mother shall know how it really was when they come home, but I will never marry Lord Filzreagh, or anybody in tho world but you — only 1 won't run away from home — tiiere is something disgraceful in it.' Aud tlieu iituniie wept, and Leigh kissed away iier tears. Ttic two yo-Jiig people lingered long in the wood, but at leu-yih I^mmie teit tliat she must return to the house, aud as she iiearuri it she saw that a faultless equipage '.vus drawn up be fore tho door, and she* lecognised tlie TUorpe leigh livery. Sure enough, when she entered the drawing room she found that Margaret Thorpeleigh, though still counted as an invalid, had driven over to Oak Park to enquire abuut thu occur rences of last night, concerning which she was now questioning Airs. Uiey. 'lint here is our heroine herself,' remarked the latter as Emmie ctune in, ' so shall 1 let her tell tiio tale,' Margaret Thorpeleigh drew Emmie beside her, holding her hands affectionately as she kissed her, and then the young girl narrated her part in last night's adventure, very briefly and modestly. Miss Thorpleigh was, indeed, much changed since th;it June afternoon ivlien siic had re ceived tidings that the man to whom she was secretly jso devotedly attached intended to commit suicide. He iiad done a wicked thinjr, ahe told herself, and she ought to forget him ; nevertheless, if by tho surrender of her wide possessions she could have recalled Godfrey liyng to life she would have counted the sur render iiiiuicnso givii:. But she uuver men tioned his name, which was continually in her heart. ' And who can have imagined so erne], so ruthless a plot,' exclaimed sha when Emmie had tiuished her narrative. ' Ah, here is your brother. Coino nnd sliaS:e hands with me, Air. Martin. 1 Jeel us if 1 «-as spe/iking to a true hero.' 'Oh, no, indeed. Miss Thorpeleigh ; you mus.u't feel that,'1 exclaimed M-uxiu, 11 is cheek Hashing. 'I suspect my p-iier will have something else to bay about uiy escnpudu, but ! 1 must bear it and be dumb, fio don't praisa I uie any more, please.' ' \V fll, then, let me ask if the pdico have yet any c'.ue to tlie guilty party,' rejoined Alias Thorpeleigh.' ''If they haven't I have !' replied the buy, sinking his voice. ''But then, you know, it J3 only suspicic!i, and a fe-iiuw oughtn't to aexusso another on suspicion alone, biiould \ he r 'I. don't know. In such a case as this it seems right to tell your suspicions to thuso who are trying to search out the thief. Yes, for little IS^sil's safety is at stake.' 'Of course, 1 ha^e no proof,' returned Martin ; 'but the fact is that 1 shouldn't Ik- a bit surprised to find tisat the guilty ninn is J nines Hills, our uiideikeejier.' ' How terrible !' murmured Margaret Tl.orpelejgh. ijuthore Emmie iuterpossd — 'Martin lias no real grounds for accusing the man — none at all. Tue only way in whicii Jiills can be connected with thu attempt to steal Basil is that his name is James, and t.'mt wo heard ono of the confederates address the other as 'Jim.' And 1 iun sure our new keeper cannot be a bad-hearted man or ho would not be so kind to tiie dogs and all the nni nuils. I saw him fondle a little duck and u tiuy kitten one day when 1 was crossing the stable-yard, and I am sure he did not linow I was there. Besides, all the horses are quiet with him, even Firefly. Our coachman says that the man ought to have been a groom at work in the stables,' ' That's all very true, Emmie,' said Martin shaking his head wisely, ' but remember that if he expected to gain a large sum of money by stea)i»jj little Lord Basil and then, restor- ing him for a reward he might have consented to carry o£ the child. You c'lda cannot see no far into a matter as othtr folks.' 'Thank you, Mr. 3iartiu,' cried Margaret Thorpeleigh, smiling. ' You set us down as an inferior class of beings, I see. However, if you will condescend to iistou to a word or advice I would say, 'Permit me to put you down .it the police-station, when I drive back and just tell the superintendent what you have been saying to us.' There can be n» harm in that.' ' Ho kuows what we heard said und- r the trees,' replied Martin. ' What ho doesn't know is that our miderkeeper'a name is Jim and that I fancied the figure of the fellow I saw get in at the Castle window resembled tho keeper.' '1 did not see the resemblance,' cried Evniaic. 'In fact, alarming as he looks, I have taken rather a faue-y to the under keeper,' she added. 'That is very evident, ny dear,' remarked Mrs. Grey, with a meaning smile at which they all laughed, while Emmie tstocd tier ground and dechn-cd that she thought tlu-y were all very hard on Hills,; and indeed, un just.' 'And there he goes across the park with old Rover at his heels,' cried Martin, capriug tho figure of a mun with a gun on his shoulder who was walking across the gre«*nswavd. They all went to the window overlooking the park, the unconscious object of thoir attention coming on at a quick pace, nut glancing to tho right or left. In a moment or two he sprang up some steps iuto a path which led through an anglo of the grounds towards tho high-road and so to the head keeper's cottage!, 'Call him,' said Miss Thorpeleigh suddenly. 'Make some excuse that ho may have to come nearer and -answer you. ' Emmie, looking at her, wondered why she was so deadly pale, and why her fair jewelled . fingers trembled ; but Martin, oblivious of these things, went out on to the balcony and called 'Mi! hi! Hills! Where are you going?' The man stopped short in his swinging walk and glanced in tho direction of the balcony, upon which Miss Thorpeleigh and Emmie were now standing beside Martin. Then the latter bcokoned and the underkeeper came nearer. , 'I have never known old Rover take to a Btranger before,' murmured Emmie. 'You'll go bail for the fellow if he is arrested, that's plain,' laughed Martin. Miss Thorpeleigh did not even smile. She was leaning against tho side wall and breath ing irregularly. ' Come under the window,' shouted Martin, determined that their visitor should gain a good look of the suspected man. Hills did as lie was desired, touching his cap . - ^4il as he approached.' ' ' ? \ . . : ' ^'-;r# '1 want yi7ii, Mlen.se, to ceil Jennings th&f;'*it i.sVJftf should be much oblipwl to him to cozue up to : *-*it- the house alter tea. i w.-wit to speak to huh,' ; ' '|| said Martin, who coakl think of no other X?ifi ex ped ient ju3t then. - ?''?'^^ji 'Yes, sir,' replied the uuder-kesper, whosn .' '=£; face hnd flushed lioily and who crushed tlio '.::% cap he had taken off into a shapeless jiiiiis' in ???''25 his acitation. * ' liow doe« old Rover teem today *' added -- ,;S Martin, prolonging the scene iu order that i Miss Thorpeleiah mi'jlit imve a gwotl look as S the fellow. ? ' _- 'The dog, sir?' looking down at tlie a- animal; 'oh, he'll soon be all right now, B1Jr' ?'?? Xtover on hearing his name looked up and :- wagged his tail cordially, while Margaret : Thorpeleiph suddenly eat down, shading her ' fa:e with her hand a«d trembling visibly. 'That'll do then, Hills,' said Martin. 'Good afternoon to you.' Hills touched his dip, or rather his forehead, with his forefinger and walked away, but not with the assured step which he had hud when they had first seen him. ' Well, what do you think of him. eh, Miss Thorpeleurh ?' asked Martin, appealing to the heiress, who had shrunk into a corner of tho balcony. 'One can hardly judge in such a moment,' rejoined she faiutiy and in an unsteady voice ' life — he is rather formidable looking, but, as your sitter says, the fact of his name— being Jim — is nothing to ? ' 'You are ill,' said Mrs. Grey, comiDg for ward. ' The drive has been too* loug for you, Liu down on the sofa. Margaret followed this advice in silence, and hardly had she done so when shs fainted away. It was a good while before she recovered ' from her fainting fit, and when she did so Emmie begged her so earnestly to remain all night at the park and not to risk the fatigue ot the drive lioruo that 3he consented ; and to any more immediate Joiiiinents on the character of the underkeeper were not made iu her pre sence. But below, in the hall, where Emmie and Martin met before dinner, the )x-y reverted to the subject which bad foeu; mooted on the balcony that afternoon. ^ ' Look here, Em !' said Martin in a whisper, 'you must have noticed how very much con fused the man was. Indeed, he hardly knew what he was doing.' 'That was because iie wrw nervous, being called up iu thu preseucu of ladies,' rejoined the girl, indignantly. 'A rough, uncouth man such m be i?, not accustomed to be c.ilied before ladies, would naturally feel nervous ; and everybody knows that Margaret Thorpe leigh is a sort of iiltle quean iu the neighbor hood. However,' scornfully, 'if we are to arroat anyone on suspicion because of any t nervousness they may show Aiiw Thorpeleigh herself must be the first to be aiximed, for she Wiss far more agitated than pour lliUs.' ' Tush ! she fainted became she had Keen over-fatigued, liiils v.-in not iike l,iin.self as ali, as you wouid have seen if you were not blinded by his imagined imixrftctiuK.s. i thall yo up to the police-station to-morrow morning mid as!; if ihire is any clue, just mentioning i:i the course of conversation what I spoke ot to Miss Thorpe.'eijjh. Of course, it is a tlight ground of accusation, very slight, I allow, that U:e man's name i« Jim ; :it the same tirae there is a. semblance of like.ni.-s in his figure and that of the thief— or 1 -:incieU it.' ^ ' And you a«;cus - him on mere fancy ?' ciii^d Err.inie, passing cm with her wvll- poiwu little ht.-ad held scornfully erect. Meantime tho heiress of Thorpelei&h; Court was suppused to be sleeping in itio ixsf lieJ ciiainU-r of Oak Park Loti^e, and ovary attention had Lewi lav.'sl.':d on her. Aud * : now, by her ow.i request, Kiu-, h.id been left j aloni*, lint she luoked the picture of wqc and nmeiy as she !:iy with closed ayes, her beau tiful head resting on the white pillows, whila a soft, pitiful main lro:n time to'lnuu escaped her lips. 'It is he,' she whispered to licrseif, simd idwing'.y. 'iledid not kill hiinv.-li. Oh, ' Ue.iveii, has he tried to .-toiil little llaoii ': It ' I only knew ! If I only knew the truth ! Aisct '1 ruined Martin Lawford to have him i arrested I' j I1 resvu lly she sat up, pushing bade her j abundiiut (iarJc hair from her hot forehead. ' I cannot have ru.iiie a mistake,' ho inour.ed ; 'iu spite of all !iis disguises I knew hiin. Ves, and 1 urn curtain that he knew me.' (To he continued.) 