1 MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. CASK INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE OF FEOPLE AND VOUCHED FOR BV A PROMINENT MEMBER OF PARLIA- MENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CON- SIDERED- INODRABLE BY THE FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE WORLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CON- QUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. (From tbe Australian Workman.) On Thursday afternoon our representative made his way to the humble home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 46 Brown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nurslnga two-year-old baby, and his face declared him toDS one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able toanswer the knock at the d' or. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was veryclear tbat he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to tbe preliminary questions, he said: " You want to know all about my case ? Well, t am glad of an opportunity to tell you. Tbe facts may bo ot value to those who are slrioken as I was. " How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got no bad thnt I bad to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taling a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the nmlady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms 1" "Simply indescribable, Tbe palnB were something terrible. Thoy were just about as much as 1 could ber.r. 1'hey were for all the world like as if a haw were cutting my bones in two in eve y part of me. 1 had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor Bleep. On the 23rd March last 1 saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to tbe Director of Charitable Institutions" " Did you make use of the order 1" " No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty Well in lie! ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give U P the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to tho conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal corJ, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten yeans, and then I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicke : his legs about with energy toshow that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I real in thfe Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink PiPe for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fitmy own. I determined to give th Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to cat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immedi-. ately left tho bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pi lis during tbe past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but 6urely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there 1 They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You sec I am rapidly regaining my strength." . " He is 100 per cent, better," mid Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in an! taken the baby on her knees. "The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said than lie did n fortnight previously. "I can now," continue! Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling bas come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able toresume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength towork at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to those Pink Pills. They have Bavcd my life. I am in no pa in now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlcplccc there is a box of opium atnl morphia pills which the doctor pave me to deaden the ex- cruciating pain. But they can stay where tliey arc, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." ' Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all tbe chief ncwepapets of this conntry of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disoase, also the many disorders which arise from an im-- poverished state of the blood, such BB amotnla, pal'iand sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, fee. Mr J. S. T. M'Gowan, leader of the Labor parly in the N.S.W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr M'Gowan fays he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew tbat he bad to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoiis twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood JnrviB was refuted admission to the Sydney Hospital as his ease has been pronounced incurablc. Mr. M-Gowcn was, therefore like everyone else who know the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Coy., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid), on receipt of stamps or post order, 1 box for 3s., i dozen for 16s. 9d. The Great Oversight.—If you dont drink EXCELSIOR TEA, Pure, strong, delicioui, all grocetB.—[ADvfc] I MR. THOMAS JABVIS. 