ODDS AND ENDS. : The following are the handicaps for the two principal events to be run off at Upper Thornton to-day (Friday) : Hurdle Race-J. A. Maddeford 2 yards, A. Armstrong 2, II. Robinson 8, W. Robinson 9, 0. Morris 10, R; Nichol 18, R. Waterson 14, W. Hanson 14, A. Downey 10. Sheffield Handicap-J. At iMaddeford 2 yards, A. Armstrong 3, H. Robinson 7, W. Robinson 8, J. McCallum 12, A. Watereon 13, W. Hanson 13, G. Sawyers 14, A. Downey 15. The Sydney dcteetives who some weeks ago arrived at San Francisco to arrest Buntler, the Glenbrook murderer, on the arrival at that port of the Swan Hilda, in which he shipped from Newcastle, have successfully accomplished their mission. On searching his effects on board the Swan Hilda, But'er's kit was found to contain jewellery belonging to Lee Wel ler, one of the murdered men, and also shipping discharges in his name, together with Mrs. Lee Weller's portrait. Har wood's chemistry diploma of which But ler haIl gained possession in West Aus tralia, and the coat rest and pocket book of Preston, another of his victims, were also found. The pocket book was mar ked with the initials J.H.A., and con tained two sovereigns, - Chicago has built for itself a new pig gory, which is the largest in, the world. In the language of the West it i,.a " 000,000 dollar boghouse," and is a pew addition to the stockyards of the .city. It has taken two years to build, and is capable of holding 220,000 pigs, for which all the ,most recent improve meats and a perfeot water supply have been provided. It contains. no lower than 86 blocks of 100 pens each, in two floors, one above the other ; it is in two parallel sections each 30,000 feet' long, and connected with each other by twenty. two floor passage ways, It covers forty. nine ,~cresj 'pad ~ni its ~i:gosiC tion Y 18,000,000 fee:" of iny, be`spbdes'oak girders throughout,'have been used, while between -.400 ,aud 00 :workmen have been constantly employed in its erections .a Seven railway companies have aiding. from.whioh pigs will he delivere4 irato;the gigantic piggery, and' for 'thd ?offces of these, two two story buildtings have been, ereoted, one on each. st'e of the .' liog house," It has been built in consequence d of the inafeqdaoy of the 'old' 1ighohouse, and will give accommoldation' for 75,000 heal more pigs; ' The old building is to he added to tihe cattle buildings, and will . he capable of accommodating 10,00) head :more thar tholeiiarket can deal with at present. /Thb laigeetkitchon hi thew yorld.is in the great Parisian shop, the -Bon Mair eh6, which has 4000 em.loyis. On the body. of a notorious brigand recently killed in Turkey were found p £t000 and a note-book which showed a he had rmurdered 192 men. f The burden of 'the English National Debt, which in 1870 was £.2 7s. Gd. for overy man, iwoman, and child, is to day no more than £16 .10s. The Gaekwarol Baroda possesses the most costly sword in the world. The hilt is so set with precious stones that the weapon is worth at least £220,000. The Princess of Wales has now held her title just over thirty-three years-a period which has been exceeded by only one of ier predecessors, Au;ustt the c daughter of George II, who was for s thirty-five years Princess of Wales. The golden rose which the Pope gives every year to a Royal lady, distinguished for loyalty both to the Pope and to the Church of Rome, is made of pure gold knI is' valued at £2000.' There -s a golden rose in the centre, in the centre r of which the Pope pours balsam, this being surrounded with smaller rose-buds and leaves, all of the purest gold, and chiselled with exquisite workmanship. The. goldlen rose has been presented to the ox-Queen Isabella of[ Spain, and to r the Empress. Etigdnio" of. France,. the c last reoipient being the Princess of Bul. garia. Mr. Channcery''Depew, the well knbwniAnierican 'sttesman is 'theo:mst popular after-dinner orator in America e receives the largest salary of_ any:living man, and, besides being a millionaire t himself, controls all the business of ano ther family of millionaires, the''Vander hilts.. As-president -of. the- New-York Central Railroa I he receives £'20,000 a year. He states that he'sees on anave rage five interviewers a day. HeJiswell over sixty, reriarkably active, hind- does the work of three men. , Some statisticans have recently taken the trouble to calculate the'wealti: of Mr. John D.- Rockefeller, the famous oil king of 'America, ' and the' richest man in the world. lrom his stock n the Standard Oil Trust alone heo.receives at the rate of about £320 for every hour of every day in the year. The value of the stock is a hundred million dollars. His other investments, outside of oil) bring in an equal sum.n, The pro ghecy made some years ago by a student of American lifo, that, soon the mi:lon. sire ill be sivallowod upby tlheo billion aire,,ia lready coming true. -. Niimbei"-" "13" Again.--'hoe unlucky number ', 13" plays an extraodinary part in thelife of Dr. Fritbjoy Nansen, of North Polo fame. The crew of the Fraennumbored 13 menD. He deceided on his trip March 13th, 1895. On :January 13th this year tie party reached asouthern current, and started on its homeward journey. It was on Febru ary 13th that the news of his having been seen in Siberia first became known. Nansen's sledgeo dogs numbered 13 ; iand the remarkable fact occurred that three times some of his dogs threw a litter of 13 pups, which, in view of the scarcity of dogs, were heartily welcomed by .the explorers Finally, no less than 13 Ger man publishing houses bid for the privi lege of bringing out his " In Night and Ice... Has any flower the image of a dove within it? Such is the case with the Flor del Epiritsu Santo, or Holy Ghost, flower, found in the region of the Isth mus of Panrma, where it thrives in low marshy spots, and springs up from de. r cayed logs or from crevices in the rocks. t The leaves are very pale green in colour, \- as though in harmony with the delicate p, uprity of the blossom, which is of ala baster whiteness. In the centre of the I blossom, nestling in its very heart, is , the perfect image of a dove. Right in the cup of the blossom, with the snow-white canopy about it, rests this wondrous image, its delicately moulded wings drooping, half extended at its side. its gold-tinted head bent slightly forward, and its tiny, crimson a tipped bill almost touching its snowy t breast. Is there any case on record of man I and wife born on the same day, living a 100 years and dying on the same day ? -An instance of this was. recordad in a r newspaper of the year 1777, and was t given in the following extract of a let ter from Lanark : " Old William Doug. Iens and his wife died lately; be and his wife were born on the same day, within the same hour ; christened at the same time and at the same church ; they were constant companions, and at the ago of nineteen were married at the church at which they were 'christened. They never knew a days illness until the day before their deaths, and on the day on which they died were exactly 100 years old. They died in one bed, were buried in one grave, close to the font where they werechristened. They never had any. children,' As a rule women have better eyesight than men. Skating Is the most- dangerous-of all Y-Thb tusks ot an adult elephant weigh frms-40 to 601b.b ' ' ;Only two Einglish woma: 'in ove y10 nowiwear earrings.., 158,000 people are bdorn in -ondon every twelve months, A full.grown eagle can consume two youngh lambs a? ia meal. There aire ilways 20;000"'stiangera sightseeinrg in London. Four per ceint, of infants die b?dirot~ attaining the age of one yeair; . ,.There re 1,70 0,000 more, men ids' UnTit.ed St??'s.than women; - c'or everylinch of stature "a healthy Eillsshman shtiilcl weigh :2·631lb.....' "? _Onan'aietage.five persons ato bkilled. daily in the coal mines of England.. A Chinese workman only qska:dtl .an hour for a day of twelve hou%'. wbrl' 'There-are four times--ans-many- words in the Mlnglish lauguage-as'there are in t the Frenchti Thoe grandsonl f,Qun~eeicoria rules Germany??er gradddatighteris Empress of Russia, and another granddaughter is Crotn Princess of Roumanist ' The King of Greece delights in tak ing recreation in'the field.- He can plough, cut and. bindf, corn, milk cows, and, in short, could at a pinch, keep a' farm going single-handed. , Dr. Barnado cabled to Sir Phillip ur rie, the British Ambassador at Constan tinople, on Friday, offering to receive gratuitously 1,000 destitute Armenian orphans. On Sataurday tho Anibasador t replied, reqsiestiug;'him to coeimunicdae with the Foreign Office. Dr. Barnado has acoorilingly written to Lord Salis. bury to the same effect. There have been 14 Popes since 1700. The fund opened by the Lord Mayor of London for the relief of the lamine stricken Indians, now amounts to £76,000. The Amcrican army numbers only 25,000 men. Extreme heat is more fatal to human life than extreme cold. One trade that has been practically ruined by the cycle trade is that of mak ing walking-sticks. A few drops of camphor put into the water when bathing the face will prevent tlhe skin from shining. England has one member of Parlia ment for-every 10,200 electors, Ireland one for every 7,177, Scotland one for every 8,974, and Wales one for every 0,613. Food is served in one of the London restaurants.on electrically heated plates so that the guests can. at leisurely and still .have;the viands' continue warm tun til the, close of'theaieal. . Fair- haired..pqople .are ,becominng less nueniousn than -:formrly. ; Tihe ancieit Jew.i.were :a1fafrrhaired race: how Sthey are, with fevegceptions, crkk, ,Soy it is in a lesser'dogrsi'withilieTrh; among whom 150 years ago-a: dark-haired p?er son wasalrqost unknown. . A tcietitist has recentiy been inves tigatinur the effect of food, ti.rtdailiy vegetable, on the human chaarrter . affirms that a diet of car~"'iuoelioate s harshnesssioj: character! and; rpdueq?a nor= vous irritability ;.peas geiate fatty tissue and encodrii~o oyousness ; while tu?ips' have a depressing--influence. G Cabbage is good for pulmdnary'cdsplalnta' -vhbile lettuce acts as a sedative upon the honiain frame, owing to the opium contained ian its milky juice.: : .. i',: As the result of an. attempt to..see how many cigiarttes hoe could smoke idi ha!f-an- hour and to wlin aimall wger, f ourtcd airbo (lPeiorgo r "EhIjI of Philaoelji dtd ~estcrsSid ir boy was Ilglhiiig his twentieth clgnretteo when the half- hour was up. He ivali taken sick d lTng'?th niht ard l C diea: next morningJ , - - ... ,5 ? Particulars of the lshocking .totig5 fatalit?ishoiow tlihatii Wiliftn-X 'Ionald of Mooneeba (N.S.W., lefthomid hbudlt 8 in the morning with a bullock jinker, !eaving four childre- at home: Seouttly afterwards the eldest boy, 10r years'old; took'a loaded gun hIanging- hgli on the wall to shoot a crow, His younger sis tar. 20 months old, was standing near. He accidently pulled the trigger, aid; Sthe charge,' striking hig? sister,_ tookthe top of her !entld off. He picked her up, and after unsuccessfully trying to stop I the bleeding, carried her seven milesto his father, following the jinksr tracks. SThe mother had bIeen in Coraki, the: pre vious dlay, and came home immediately b, after the boyhad left;,k -:. I:- ' :: 