SPORTING. TKR TTJItF. kctkg »;-d comments. (jjt ' pegasus.') *Fbe V.R.C. Grand National Hurdie Eace bas resulted in the victory of Buzzi, wLo has thus von the big three-mile jumping race tyro years in ^accession. The winner was trained by Mr. Mark 'VFhittv, and is OTrned by Mr. John JTarrell. He is a son of the gallant Plunder from Earratti, an excep tioaalTy well-bred mare. Laveriy, Vfho steered the common-looking bay gelding to victory last year, again had the mount on Saturday. Only a few \reeks ago Mr. Whitty vrote telling me that Bazzi had a good chance of repeating last year's performance. He had undergone a long, sound preparation, and bad jmprored vastly ,'both in appearance and in his work. Mr. Frank Pakin. treated Buzzi too generously, and when the weights were issued the son of Plunger was selected as the best-treated horse in the race. Last year he carried 9st., and on Saturday 9st. 111b. The result of the race is another exemplification of the axiom that only a good horse can win a long-distance handicap in com pany above the average. A Grand National field is always above the average, and followers of public form should not have deserted last year's victor. This is the first occasion in the history of the Grand National on which the one horse has won two years in succession. Eedleap scored the dual victory also, but with a gap of two years between. Daimio equalled Buzzi's performance in the Grand National Steeplechase, the son of Swiveller winning in 1894 and '95. Last year, before leaving Vic toria, I had a good look at Buzzi, who was about as common leoking as any horse I have seen in train ing, and .£50 would have bought him. He was plain everywhere, with high and rather heavy hind quarters, a head like old Plunger — a plain, light neck, and unshapely, low withers. There was nothing at all about him indicative of pace, stamina, or weight-carrying capa bilities. Mr. ' Roddy M M'lvor, who saw him a few months ago, noticed a great change in Buzzi, and he was bo much impressed with what he bad heard about him that he ex pected to hear of his winning again. The victory would be very popu lar, Mr. Mark Whitty being one of the mo6t respected trainers in Victoria. For some ytars Mr. Whitty has had the worst of luck. Last year he let Buzzi start in the race with onlv a ' fiver ' on him. But on Saturday he had a great Trin. He was very confident of leading back his second National winner, and made no secret of 'the improved condition of the horse. Fortunately for the owner and trainer, Soult, So-and-so, Glen dower, Larrikin, and one or two more were heavily backed, thus enabling them to get a long- price about Buzzi up to the time the barrier rose. It mav be mentioned that ' Buzzi ' is an Italian name, pronounced ' Bootzee,' and signi fies ' bellies.' On Saturday Mr. George Gray's two yearlings, which be purchased from Mr. W. E. Wilson last JJovember, arrived in the colony. They were brought in the Bteamer Hubbock to Albany, and thence by rail to Perth. Both are very much in the rough, and low in condition, baring evidently been turned out in the St. Albans paddocks. One is a brown and the other a bay. The former is by Bill of Portland from Coin, and the other by Bill of Portland from Lady Carbine, a sister of the famous Carbine. Coin ( was bv Nordenfeldt from Realisation, so that both are bred in the right lines. The bay colt is a lengthy fellow, possessing a/ good deal of quality, and with splendid hind quarters and the head of a stayer. The youngster from Coin is as even ks a die, with a rare set of understand ings, a splendid fore piece, and plenty of length behind the saddle. Mr. Towton, who has charge of iMr. Gray's horses, took the new arrivals out to his stables yester day morning. A number of Perth residents backed Buzzi for the Grand National yesterday. Two of the principal members of the ring lost over the race. At the close of operations at about middav on Saturday Messrs. Haines and Wat eon laid 8 to 1 against Mr. Whitty's horse. Mr. H. D. Bloom also laid the winner at 8 to 1, and also laid the double Buzzi and Larrikin to lose -£l,000. Unfortunately for the backers Larrikin fell in the race and broke his neck. It i6 somewhat singular that two great steeplechasers should be killed in racing over the little sticks in one year. Dun gan ended his career by falling at Cauliie'd in the hurdle race after he had won the V.B.C. National Bteeple last July, and Larrikin, who was first favorite for the V.R.C. National Steeple tLis year, fell in the hurdle race on Saturday »nd broke his neck. There is a pood deal of fruth in the dictum tiat ' it ia the pace which, kiils.' With Larrikin out of the way tLo Y.R.C. National Steeplechase, t«; be tor on Saturday next, is of a most open character. Peveril, Britomarte, Zonroff, and Walter are most fancied. Judged through BazzL Zcaroff, with a stand up, ibould win. 13epo3©a, vso ran. third in the Gracd. Kational Hurdle Race on Saturday, was once considered good encugh 'to win a Melbourne Cup, when he was named King Orry. He, however, ran disappointingly in Victoria, but displayed a rare turn of epeed up to a mile and a half in the north. ' Paddy' Nolan, who visited Ferth a fctr months ago, is eaid to have leased the son of Kingsborough, and Griffith's ' cast off ' ran in the colors of the ex-champion cross-country jockey of New South Wales. The Rosehill Cup field was very nearly a record, 43 horses facing the starter. In England there were 44 starters in a race won by Croagh Patrick. The Caulfield Cup field totalled 41 when Grace Darling won, and there were 42 starters in a race at Caulfield won by The Ghost in 18S4. According to a cable message from London a trial of Gray's starting machine was made at Newmarket (Eng.) on Saturday, in the presence of Lord Durham, the Duke of Portland, Mr. Leopold de Rothschild, and Mr. James Lowther, members of the Jockey Club, who were favorably impressed with the ' new idea.' It is pretty safe to predict that in another year the starting gate will be quite an established institution at the other end of the world. Thus the Sydney Bulletin : — At a recent W.A. back country race meeting all the ladies were black. Fanny, in a white petticoat hung over her shoulders ; Polly, in a man's shirt ; Biddy, with a pair of man's trousers tied around her neck, and several in the back ground with nothing on. J. E. Brewer's double National Hurdle and Steeple, was Ndra Creina and Larrikin. An American exchange states, that CoL E. F. Clay, of the Runny mede stud, is trying to persuade his fellow-breeders in Kentucky to organise, and have all light-boned and undersized yearling fillies operated on before being sold, so as to render them unfit for stud pur poses, and when their racing career is over they will have to be utilised in some other way. Col. Clay has consulted a specialist, who assures him that the organs of generation can be removed without any in jurious effects, the operation being simple and harmless. He further states that fillies so operated on would train and race better, as, independent of their not being weakened from sexual causes at the usual stated intervals, they would be altogether hardier, as it has been demonstrated that the re moval of the organs of generation in the weaker sex causes them, to become more robust and masculine, and, as a consequence, they will both train and race better. California is nothing if not a record-breaking place. The very latest is a new four-mile record by a four- year-old filly, Lucretia Borgia, by Brutus, who carved the lone journey out in 7,min. llsec. She also lowered Drake Carter's three-mile record, 5min. 26sec. to omin. 22fsec. The Australian recoi'd credited to Wallace and Quiver is 5min. 23Jsec. Lucretia Borgia's performance is a world's record for both the three and the four miles. In reference to racing in Cali fornia it may be stated that on two tracks operated on alternately there were 174 consecutive days' racing. The cards averaged six races per day, and the two asso ciations combined — the Pacific Coast Jockey Club and the Cali fornia Jockey Club — paid out 463,100doL in purses. The gate receipts amounted to 208,000doL, the fees from bookmakers 412,000dol., and from other privi leges about 75,OOOdoL It is thought that when all expenses .are paid each club will not be able to show a clear profit of more than 50,000doL on the season's opera tions. Carrying the nice weight of^7et. 61b., Merman started for the. New- market Handicap, one mile- and a distance, at Newmarket (England), on May 18. In a field of eight he ran second last, the winner being Bradwardine. Merman did not figure in the betting. Another ex Australian who ran unsuccessfully at the same meeting was Mala ma, who, carrying 8st. 131b-, and un quoted in the betting, finished nowhere in a welter handicap, won by Eileen Aigas. The Sydney mare Acmena also started in a welter race at the same fixture, finishing hist. The Australian contingent, so far, have not per formed well this year, but they may do better at the latter end of the season. Figaro, who was engaged in the V.R.C. Hurdle Race, was scratched, owing to having injured himself. Mr. Wm. Long, the Sydney owner, has returned to New South Wales after a six months' visit to. England. Count Nicolas Esterhazy, who- has just died at Totis, in Hun gary, at the comparatively early age of 58, was a well-known personage on the turf in Austria., England, and France. Though a youngest son, he inherited the great estates of his branch of the family, and, leaving no heirs direct, he be queaths them to Count Franz ?Esterhazy. In reference to the railway arrangements in connection with the race meetings at the Canning Park and the Perth courses, I had occasion to condemn the trucks which serve as passenger carriages. A^ to the arrangements, they have always been of^a most satisfactory character,^and reflected credi^^ the railway officials. Indeed, 55 no colony have I seen better arrange ments. Tee great desideratum has bt-tu, and is still, the provision of passenger carriages, and I under stand that in a few months visitors to the race meethigs will have no cause for complaint on this score. The three placed horses in the V.E.C. Grand National Hurdles carried under lOst. — Buzzi, 9st. 111b. ; Castillo, 9st, 91b. ; Deposed, 9st, 101b. A meeting of the committee of the Western Australian Turf Club will be held this evening. The Canning Park stewards will meet this afternoon. V.B.C. GKAIfD NATIONAL KEETINGr. BUZZI WIJTS THE NATIOKAL HURDLE EACE. Melbourne, July 3. The Grand National campaign of the V.R.C. 'was opened to-day in most favorable circumstances both as regaixis the weather and the attendance. The gathering was a representative one, and comprised contingents from all the colonies, including distant New Zealand and the ' Golden West.' The racing was exciting throughout the after noon, the principal event, the Grand National, being particularly interesting, though unfortunately marred by the deaths of Larrikin, a warm favorite, who fell and broke his neck when going well, and of Gratiano (who was so badly in jured that he had to be shot). Larrikin was heavily backed. There was some spirited wagering on the course. The Ballarat contingent rallied round So - and - So, who left the paddock a pronounced favorite at 4 to 1. The stable was so confident about Larrikin that Mr. Glasscock's horse shortened to 7 to 1. The hope of Camperdown, Soult, receded to 6 to 1 consequent on the support accorded the Ballarat horse. The Tasmanians stood by Nora Creina, a handsome daughter of The . Assyrian. A strong eleventh - hour paddock ' tip ' was Deposed, who was/ liberally supported at long odds. Glendower also carried a lot of money, and the son of Glemnarkie stripped well. Last year's winner Buzzi, held a large levee in the bird« cage, and Mr. Whitty's many friends backed him at the splendid odds of 25 to 1. Woonooke was not neglected, and the denizens of Quart zopolis planked their money down on the command ing black. The first half of the race was exceptionally pretty, the field, nicely placed, jumping in faultless style. Larrikin, in his endeavor to catch the leader, took off too far, and, striking the hurdle heavily, fell and broke his neck. Glendower, while Eroing well at the head of a bunch, and paining at everv stride upon the tiring Pilot, crashed into a hurdle and fell, Gratiano following suit. The latter horse so strained his neck tiiat be had to be shot. Laverty, his rider, was badjy shaken, Cripps, the rider cf Gra tiano, also suffering slightly, but neither was seriously injured. Cameron, the rider of Larrikin, escaped injury. Buzzi held a good position right through the journev, and, after a desperate etrugle in the straight, was landed a winner. Mr. Whitty received manv con gratulations on his second National victory, and the horse and his jockey met with an ovation on returning to the ?weighing- yard The following aresthe details of the. racing: — MAIDE\\-' HT7RPLE RACE. Of loO^sovs. Two miles. Response ... ... I Latona ... ... 2 Bon Ton ? 3 Won by eight lengths. Time, 3mim 51 f sec. TWO-rE&R-OLD; HANDICAr. Of 150 soys- Seven furlongs. Carbina ? ♦ 1 Wild Ea.ven ? 2 Carlos ? 3 Won by two and a half lengths. Time, ltisio. 34s sec. GESN'D NATIONAL HURDLH RAC1!. A haiulicap-of 10 sovs. each, w ith 600 sovs. added ; second, 100 sovs.; third, 50 sots. Three miles. Mr. John FarreU's b g Buzzi, by Plunger from Barratti, 9st. 111b ? 1 Mr. Brewer's Castiilio, 9st. 91b. (E. P. Brewer) ? 2 Mr. P. Nolan's Deposed (late King Orry), 9st. 101b. ... 8 Betting :— 4 to 1 So-and-So, 6 to 1 Soult, 7 to 1 Larrikin. 8 to 1 Nora Creina, 10 to 1 GrJendower, 14 to 1 Exchange, 20 to 1 Favor, 25 to 1 Convention, Buzzi, Don John, Woonooke, Castiilio, Gra tiano, and 30 to 50 to 1 others. A splendid start was effected, Don John being the first to break the line, and Soult, So-and-So, Ripple, Woonooke, Glendower, and Blitz wece next. Convention ran up to the leader as they raced along the Saltwater River, Favor,' So-and-So, Woonooke, Gfendower, RippLe.and Blitz follow ing in the order named. Passing the- abattoirs Sheoak moved up and joined Soult, the pair being four lengths in front of So-and-So. Woonooke, Buzzi. and Glendower were next. Passing the stand for the second'time Soult held a strong lead, Sheoak and So-and-So being next. Racing towards the bridge Soult increased his advantage to 20 lengths and his victory was loudly proclaimed. At the bridge Glen dower was running second and Sheoak next, then came Woouooke, Buzzi, and So-and-So. At the abattoirs, with the pace a cracker, Soult was still a dozen lengths in front of the field, but at the turn the Western District horse began to come back to the field, only half a dozen lengths separat ing liim from So - and - So. Castillio, Exchange, Deposed, Woo noeke, and Buzzi. were very clese attendants. Soult led in the straight, and So-and-So, Blitz, Csnventioner, Buzzi, and Castillio wore all at his heels. Castiilio was brought up with & brilliant run, and, passing Seult, led over the last hurdle. Deposed, Buzzi, and Woonooke were almost head and head. A splendid finish resulted. Castillio kept bis head in front to the distance, where Buzzi, gamely responding to vigorous calls, col lared the outsider and won by a length g.mid loud cheers. Castillio beat Deposed by two lengths for second honors. Conventioner finished fourth. Then came Soult, So-and-So, and Woonooke. Time, omin. 57ssec. Of 200 sovs. About two miles. Hayseed ... ... 1 Rata ? 2 Won by 20 lengths. Time, 4min. 21 sec. WIN'TEH BANTICS-P. Catspaw ... ... 1 Homespun ... ... 2 Moonlyong ... ... * Dora ? * Won by three and a half lengths. Time, 2min. 9sec. CA.TSTEE.BX3B.Y PiRE B.A.CES. Sydney, July 3. A race meetine was held at Can terbury Park this afternoon, with the following results : — Brush Hurdles. — J.B.C., 1 ; Sailor. 2 ; Pomeroy, 3. Flying Welter. — Warme, 1 ; Blue' Blood, 2 ; Swift, 3. Canterbury Park Stakes. — Antwerp, 1 ; Melody, 2 ; Specula tion, 3. Canterbury Handicap.. — Moama, 1 ; Wingelo, 2 ; Aerolite, 3. Selling Race.— Swell, 1 ; Pat, 2 ; Sir Arthur, 3. Stewards' Mile. — Lady Evenille, 1 ; Counterpoint, 2 ; Inverday, 3. 