jfiOERFUL WOMAN; .OANGSBFBU* the MYSTERY S. MAY AGNES FLEMING. : XXVI.—(Continued.) CHAPTEI" \- .,.„inin? fol!"«' m S <>u the dis- 00 ,,v" <_apiam O'Donnell of <" very , """'i? «i-ar in Miss Herncastle's * fiwi Pliant officer look liis way ieC!1 % ihe "town "f Castleford to the Pnta" adjoining the churchpWS"" ' =_ °" K:i iherine Dangerfield « ri ]ia.l died. * Wiv named Wilson resided in the \- V- niv- -nt—ihai much lie had Wnage u . a- ^ i" m , inn. They jKltiiliei.^^ ^ j r had taken hi which Mr '"^•i' vft aii<i had been there ever 01:; ' —.. Wilson. -a rosy little ^ jns'nvred ilie dour in person, """'-'Vvii lv:' military visitor at once fd U v' 1 1^r!OTCa])t:.in ODonnell's busi- "Italic Wilson vi.1 that the servant woman ® S,d iiv.>d in the family of Mr Otis «"«-« iu the sfrvice of jiTsVil: . * t ov two m private? The iirtie mistress of the cottage open- ' 0 ],risht brown eyes in surprise, w answered readily in the j affir^ "°'.re jfe meant Dorcas, of cotirse— ••SLs'liad come to her with the house;' '"dDorcas was in the kitchen atpre- Jj™ a„a would wait upon the gentlem once- BP TVilfon went, and Dorcas came— J?i(im. elderly woman, with an intelli- Sfllt -I jirh to obtain a few particular -mcwuW the sudden death of a younger in this house six years ago," the. du^eur liepan. phmpintr into tile sub' : onf' 1 . "1 011 remember her, oi cnfield." I« Boreas remembered perfectly I.[)_rpm.im''<ered as though it -were but nflfriay. She 1,a d come to the cottage ire in ihe cvenins—a cold, dark -winter ffffljnjr it was-to see the sick young bui Mr Dantree. Mr Otis himself had tentrin. The next thing- she heard, half- „ hour law. «as Mrs Otis scream— banished in. Miss Dangerfield was Ijint ih?n on the sofa, white and still, jflJ Dr Graves said she was dead. fAH satv her dead?'' -•Yes. poor dear : and a beautiful rare she made—calm, and white, and jugful, and looking more as though Cbe wr? asleep than dead." -How Ion? was she kept here before iva? liuried 7" the soldier asked. •Only three days. sir: and she looked brelvTO the last. I remember lier well, lrcne in hrr coffn. with flowers all nrnid her like marble or waxwork, and ifcU a-crying over her. and master tiih a fare like white stone." "Hurapli:" Captain O'Donsell said, tnitiiut his tons. Katlieniie Danserfield had vieel, jhefy Hi Jlig jJfrnvejSTle had nothing whzitmr to do with her. !iT ?pi»e of a|J Jhe isrcintiins jojpcider.ce's. " ~ '."ib* "(ja'rion '".V good woman. &ir; Ion? after the funeral was it that Otis left this place for London?" "Atoot a month, sir—yes. just a Hinti' I think they would have gone •ins, but for the unexpected arrival «flscousin, the sick young lady from' ' Ess." (Spain O'Donnell liad risen to go. At : See last -nords he suddenly sat down tgffi. S^llesidi jviung ladv from Essex? All, f ifttoiiJiis inay he whai I want to bear!; I ICteo did you say the sick young lady if ant?" • ^ Dntis rerr identical nsght of the; te(nl,sr, and most unexpected. J MsmnaheS. and missis, sh£ oame "to. EfnHH3E«tt moming before T was up, all rife sr.d in a treml'lp, and says to EE, Dsraf. get up at once, and heat tater for z h:ith:' and then she sat itan: in a rhair. looking fit to drop. I isfei her it any one was ill, and she niiys. s younp: lady who had come ill ftenirhr. a niece of hers from Essex BrisisTOf soiaR to stop with them a ir&j-;?. She liepgod me to keep it a senATae y vms lady was weak-like in tefal«'.lv.i. ami the'v would be obliged loenSntbc-r to her ronm.I promised not » swik f.f it. for missis she looked tanMin? and frightened to dea>th al •st. Ar.i si, she v as all the time the nuifi voros lady was in the Imuse." "Eni k.Tif was that?" "Xot finite a fortnight, sir: and a tew of l.other she made — all her ®als tnoli lip 10 her room, and missis 2-trottin- tin and down all day long ,..Mciin; ui«n her herself." ; ^at Y-as she lik^this young Thai 1 rr.ui.3n-! t,-ll. sir. I never laid on her. leastwise except once, wser and missis, kept waiting on her . JJflav ]„ng- and 1J]issis she s,ept w.th the same room at night." rait you saw her once." sir: l.ut 1 didn't see her face, O ae never slirred out all day long, and 1 to Lear sounds of footdoors softly opening and shutr^, 0=e n'-s:ht I watched, and I heard shut softly, and directly Zt 1 ^ m^ter walking in Uie back i' l a,ly on his arm. Tt ma <17 »=V 2•"'•'Uldn't see her face •i fcf-. T• ta". and dressed in WBrm f ' was only a S,; Miss Dangerfield L-l i 1 f ' ad ,,uried 1 should the figure were aark ana red OTer ihe ; SmT^ w of the African soldier. ' lli^ brep^ii cc^m^ji. he saM' 3n a ten se sort of S«Wati!! r "/ ,IC r0Dtbluea . "the VEryJ • l aon t know Aether »B or lint I pin e her against her t l' ,Ut ln the ^ead of the night " V ai/w Miss otis never came after master an 3 '"^nod ri!- Up t0 Ix,naon themselves l-Wtttten, s,cS £entlema» That's all, sir." I « a n « p - a v e face had re- ^ js hah.tual calmness: he had ; wanted —more than he ex- : »oref<; haU a sovereign i and departed, ' 0f that interview Capl ^ T l ^ V brief ViEit to Lonl«°DleMa3,.f t r from castleford but it^uuea bv , n his return he f^fadiviaua, " a some what odd-lookl ^ V & ^J 3 ? known ^ the > hoover ^ the railway-, sta- ; P^ed from I' Tfe and to his hotel, the "nf Was a memorable one. there 1 CIosed tip for the S^narter Primitive hours. 'At a 11 not' Q'Donnei, „ t a lig " ht ^ to be IgnnEoutatthefli at his '"•Mow. t'g^waiUne Aim starlight, smok- U ^ ana a"lL„ stnae a c™ss the in ^e shadow, i^in made hi, ™ rj£t immediately the* '«<<*» the sof "y of the trough the • onto^1 previously had' B Aot a creature p whole town to foe stJH and darfcas Q-Doimell walked swiftly towards the churchyard. - Lanty the^ryant,%ras alreadyTUst 1 mg not tar from the ton, upright S a ramrod, silentas-a,.tomb, and gK-ig^jfa companion who,-was none otter the man ^psgins.. latter with a ^ over containing spade aad pick and InSr^ ments for opting coffins, spoke as the captain drew .near:. . • c • Here we are, slr-up to time, aid not a minute to be *ost -l^ead the wav, and we follers. and gets to husiness at ohce " Keeping all in the shade oi hedges aid wayside trees, with an uncomton^e feeUng, in spite of hls consciousn^ of du«y. that ttis night's work w^ ^inderhana. thing, the chasseur led the way. One belated pedestrian, one rfoctors gig. they met-no more-amo ifie trees screened them even from them^ They walked so rapidly that they C in the churchyard before the CasUe ford steeples tolled 32. Kedmond O'Donnell strode steadfasUy along between- the. rows of graves, the lonelj- paths. =until. under. Its sol ta^ tree he paused at Katherlne Dan^?- fleld's tomb. His Ups were set, his fyes stern fo^r good or ill, he would know the truth soon. • This is the grave," he said, curtly "Go to work; TX1 keep watch •• y " JHie resutrectiofaist—for that was his awful trade—opened his bag, produced his the i^uctaat hands ^f f^aaty.. ana set,4o work <witfa iexterity, The ^Mf^ft^.Mtd-»gave f (them copious •libations. . No sound but the subdued noise of the . shovelling relay — nothine living or aead be seen. O'DonneU worked with them—there was no need of watching—and at last,-tar-below in the faint light of the stars, the coffin'lav revealed. , - ^ V 1 6 " iay ° n their sP^es. wiped their faces, and drew a long breath Then the resurrectionist and Lanty raised the coffin between them—the damn clay clinging to it mating it weighty— and placed it at Redmond O'DonneU' feet. At last he drew one long, hard, tense breath, his eyes gleamed. "Open it," he said,' in a composed sort of voice, and Mr Joggins produced his screwdriver, and set to work once more. The screws, one by one, were removedthe lot lay in the palm of Joggins s hand—nothing remained but to lift the lid and see either the mouldering remains of Katherine Dangerfield or— He made a sign. Joggins raised it, all three bent forward to look. There was a simultaneous exclamation from all as they bent again to reassure themselves The late-rising moon which had been struggling through the mists of coming morning, shone suddenly for a moment full upon the ghastly object before them, and lit it brightly up. They saw what Kedmond O'DonneU had expected to see—an empty coffin! All doubts now, so far as O'Donnell was concerned, were at an end — the' Katherine Dangerfield of the past and JSe Heien Herncastle of the present »«VsiSie and the same. He knew as well j^Tf.Jfter. the wh<)Je truth— tiiYwhoTe strange stars'."' it J«l been death, that trance which had he.^ her, but one of those mystic torpors, so closely resembling its twin-sister, death, as to deceive Dr Graves. But the eyes of love are not easily blinded; Henry had guessed from the first,no doubt, what it was. Why he had not spoken->-why he had let the matter'go so far as to permit her to be buried, rather staggered the chas-. sear. 'Was it that by saving her from the horrible fate of being buried alive he wished to forge a claim upon her gratitude and 5 love? If bo, he had certainly foiled, or by this time she would have been Us" wlfe. Ana that same night—aided, no doubt—he had reopened the grave and taken the still Inanimate forth from its dreadful festing-place. Then had come her flight—her exile to America—her theatrical success. Her object in this had probably been to make money to carry out her plans, and she had made it. She had returned— had worked her way into the family of , Sir Pete* Dangerfield—and for the past six weeks played her role of nursery governess. But where was her revenge? What had she gained?—what had she accomplished beyond playing the ghost and frightening the little baronet nearly out of his - senses? CHAPTER XXVTL—THE LAST LINK Miss Herncastle meanwhile had quarrelled with Lady Dangerfield, and op the evening of O'DonneU's discovery had departed from Scarswood, "in a fit of temper," so my lady said. A week later the late parliamentary train, rushing into the Castleford station some time after nine in the even ing, brought among** Its passengers a little woman, dressed in black silk, wearing a Paisley shawl and a close black veU. The black silk was shabby, the Paisley shawl bore marks of age apd wear, the little straw bonnet was last season's shape, and two words accurate- ly describe the little woman tripping along the station—shabby-genteel. She entered the ladies' waiting-room, her veil, still over her face, leaving no feature discernible save the hard, bright glitter of the black eyes. "She .glanced round with a" half-eager, half-frightened air, but no creature was- visible save herself. She stood in the middle of the room irresolute, -went forwards, came back, stood still again undecided. She drew from the bosomjof her dress a letter, and looked at the envelope and superscription. It was post-marked Castleford, -and addressed, - "Madame Harriet Vavasor, 3Rue de , Paris," in -a large. masculine hand. Yes, the laie ttaveUer was .none other than'the reaaer^s^ n.lntnnce, Mrs •^avasOT-^otjthe 'p^perous-Mis Vara^ 5Bna«e ji?ainlri& tfibles at JBadoi-Bailen' Jiad swallowed up her Sll- She i^enedithelette-. and reaa for the hundredth tiioe its contents: "Harriet,—! am in England once more-^iTCa^eford-^n vlst to Lord EupEland- l^^wife Ss dead out in Qnetec. , i "Alter.ilnfinite trouble I have discovered ybur address. Harriet, 'I know fell—the mlserabte story of any dead' sister's plotting- that separated us fivesnd-twe=iy years -eg^- If the memory of that .time has not wholly died-^f you aire' tree,'as I am—come to Castleford and meet me-- I enrfose a . billet de basque in case you should need it. Do not ask for me-^et no pne imspect or frustrate us«hls time. We w-fll meet in .^Jaid^yj^iiniliejlBr^^Bn* at the house known as Bracken Spllow. meet I you ^s ariently i is. -I did jfive-anB , A fly *tooa ,P<w; ehe drivers! :Xoii ta,ow Braclifen Hollow? I wanmuch?" 111 ^u.now; to go there. 1 how Bj- man named his price. She emmted it into hi* pa!ln, and-took ^ 3S-.- In a moment they were-rattlinttroug^ Castleford High street on thefr way She looked about lier. Howf™ lar it .all was—the shops she knew so well, the Silver Rose, wheie she had stopp^, the cottage of Henry ou.= ^a (she shuddered as she looked at it) fte ^nely churchyard, with its lone'v -rave Poor^Katli^ine Dangerfield! And Gastan Dantree-what had become of him-> They left the town behind, and took the quiet Line leading to BrackenHollow The night was close, dark, moonless, starlessthe trees loomed up black on every handno Uving thing was to be seen. -She shivered in the still warmth of the night and wrapped her shawl closer around her until the driver suddenly stopped. "This Is Bracken Hollow," he said He helped her to descend, then remounted. turned his horse, and' went jolting back towards the town. .Bracken Hollow! Why, she murmured—why, of all the lonesome places or earth, had he chosen this? She reached the gate and opened it. The house loomed up, dark and silent amid its funeral trees. . The door was flung wide at the knock. Almost before she could realise It she was in the house, and led into a lighted room; the" door was closed behind her. locked, and .barred. • .. -• •An .:woman stood before her. At Ser.<6hfe did snot look. ; "Trembling from head to foat, she turned to a man who was standing beslde her. ' His coat collar was turned up, his slouched hat pulled down; but hidden as his face was she knew in an instant it was not the man she had come to meet "Who Is it?" she said in a sort -of whisper, her black eyes gleaming fearfuliv through her veil. He turned down his collar, took off his hat, and showed the pale set face of— Henry Otis. "You recognise me, Mrs Vavasor? Yes, I see you do. It is many ygars since we met, but your memory is good, I know of old. Will you not put up your veil and let us see you? Further disguise is unnecessary." She obeyed Tiim. She flung back the veil and showed a face, aged, sallow, pallid with fear—all trace of beauty gone —nothing of it remaining but the wild black eyes. _ v "Mr Otis," she gasped, "why have.you done this?" "To make you tell the truth at last," he answered. "There is but one way of dealing with such women as you and that is the dark way of deceit. Yes, I wrote you that letter signed Lionel Cardonnell. I knew that poetic idyl of your youth, you see ; and it has succeeded better even than I hoped. You have no idea what a task it was to hunt you up. and then hit on a scheme to fetch you here; but X have done both. If you had not come to me, I should have gone to you. Take a seat—you look fatigued." * She sank into the seat, her eyes fixeol fearfully upon him, her Very lips trem- „ I .-.-» ,t*J •. J > O ucillbling. Years and dissipation had told ; .. . upon Mrs Vavasor's strong nerves. " Why have you brought me to this place?" she asked. •^hom the children you changed at nurse years ago. .y fae "me has come for the truth to be mad<? known. You gave your daughter to the Eil'T ff Buysland. and you kept his. How will you" -answer to heaven and man for that?" •What do you know?" she asked, sullenly. "Enough to send you to Newgate..- That.when Lord Ruysland came to your, eofrtage to claim bis child a. year after Its. mother's death, you gave him yours Sn3 kept his. "You kept the. infant Lady Cecil Clive, aDd gave the Earl of RuyS- j land John natulan's daughter. John j Barman's daughter.lives in luxury at Scarswood Park to-night, and Lady Cecil Clive, the real Lady Cecil is—where, Mrs Hiannah? The law- of England would force your story from you if I gave you over to it I choose, however, to take the law In my own hands. Out of this house you never go alive until you have confessed." She listened to him, her face settling suUen and dark. "I'll never confess'." she exclaimed. "Let me go, or TU " What Mrs Vavasor meant to do Henry Otis was never destined to hear. The words seemed to freeze upon her lips— her face slowly blanched to the ashen hue of death—her eyes dilated with some great horror. Henry Otis followed her glance. Old Hannah had quitted the room unobserved some seconds before, leaving the door ajar. Through this door, without sound of any kind, a figure, had glided. It stood now just within the doorway, perfectly still, its eyes fixed on vacancy. It wore a dress of some white summery stuff, its long, loose hair fell over Its shoulders, its face was perfectly white, its eyes cold and fixed, its arms hung loose by its side So, as in years past she had a hundred times seen Katherine Dangerfield living, she saw her once more to-night, dead. " Look," she whispered, .in an awful voice—"look!" "Look where?" Henry ptis repeated, stoically. "I don't .see anything." "At the door!*'—still in the same awful whfcper. "See—it is—Katherine Dangerfield! Look!" She turned her. eyes slowly upon him for an instant; then they moved back, as if beyond all control of hers, to the door. The spectre had vanished. And Mrs Vavasor, with a- gasping cry, feU down fainting in a heap. Hannah re-entered the rAm as Mrs "Vavasor's black eyes, opened to the light. She started up—memory returning with consciousness—and grasped the arm of Heory Otis. '.-...- "Bas she gone?" Her eyes went wUdly to the door. "'"Yes. I teU you I saw her-r Katherine—as plainly as I ievtar saw her Sn'my llfe. Mr OHs, for Heaven's sake, take rae. away—don't leave me, or I shaU go raving- mad." "I shall take you away, and I shall not leave you a moment alone, if you. will speak the proth." '• • She cowereBr flown into ha:, chair, her face hiiden in her hands, and in a' gaspingsfjortofwhieper told her .story,; which Mi- otis wrotfi down. " '" . <To be-Continued.) •- 