CIVILISATION AND WHITE SLAVERY. No mora remarlailila and striking book has been Issued during tlie period of the Diamond Jubilee rejoicings titan "The White Slaves' of Dugluiid." It is widely different in tone nud purpose from tlie immense mass of lite- rature bearing on tlie occasion which imme diately preceded or followed it. Most writers engaged their pens In showing by facts and figures, or in more picturesque and attrac tive ways, how tlie strength, prosperity, and grandeur of the Umpire have grown during tho past sixty years. Tho splendor of achievement that has been accomplished, the gains of territory and national wealth, the advances in power and civilisation, have engaged huudreds of pens in pouring out glowing sentences and paluting rich pictures of the glory uuu greatness of the British race. A mid nil this tlie appeurauoe of -Mr. Sherrard's hook was like that of Banquo's ghost at the feast, it came as a terrible revelation of the skeleton in England's eup- board—tlie skeleton of the English working man or woman who, in unspeakable horror of pain and degradation, dies behind the scenes, toiling to contrive the splendid show on the stage. The writer has not depleted the average British workman, whose social affairs are scrutinised by tlie statisticians. We have reasonably good assurance that this pcrsou is doing well. Has not -Mr. Mai- luck given us that lu the form of progressive diagrams representing loaves, mugs of beer, and so ou, which have come to hi ill with In creasing f requeiiey as the years went by V And have not these illustrations of his. grow ing fatness and content been audited by gen tlemen of more severe methods, who confirm tliem by showing, to a fraction, lite advance iu foot-pounds of force which he lias been able to exert as a consequence of good liv ing? Mr. Mulliall's practised eye has been noting the quantity of all-wool clothing tlie average British workman has been wearing of late, and by this sign can toll us that all Is well with him. Apart from tiiese authori ties, there Is the clear evidence of current happenings. General industry, save iu the one department of agriculture, has never before been so active In the United King dom. There has been during the last couple of years an increase of wages for most operatives, averaging all round, it is be lieved, at least twelve per cent. In the same period the prices of many of the neces saries of life have fallen. Mr. SberrarU lias little or. nothing to say about tho average British workman or work woman. He deals with tho minor host of those who, in order that the rest of tho world may enjoy cheap commodities of vari ous kinds, live lives worse than those of savages or beasts, with nothing before them but the prospect of death in its most horrible forms. There are many branches of manu facture which are necessarily carried on iu ail atmospliere, or under conditions, wlieve healthy life could not be sustained. Yet there are always to be found thousands of men and women, some of them little more than hoys and girls, who compete with eacli other for the chances of living somehow from day to day at these fatal occupations. It is enough here to glance at the horrors disclosed by Mr. Sherranl iu connection' with one or two of them. Of the Bradford wool-combers he writes:— "Their pallor, their great weariness, stamp them with an ap pearance almost ethereal or wraith-like. Exhausted by tlie superhuman efforts of their nightly toil, their movements in their leisure hours are slow and deliberate, a very parody of human dignity. One is reminded, as one looks at them, of the liasliisli- catcr, such languor is theirs. But the eyes, the. eyes to which he who scrutinises another man will always look first, have an expres sion which characterises these men beyond doubt or hesitation. It is an expression of hopelessness, of fatigue, which surpasses words: it tells of shattered nerves, of de pleted veins. Jt is a. terrible look to he seen on this side ot' the Styx." They drink little, these men; they never have money enough to drink to excess, and in the state of weakness to which their occupation brings them a small quantity of liquor ren ders them powerless. Among tlie abomin able fumes aud vapors of heated wool theso human spectres work as long as they can, crawling from hod to work and back, with 710 enjoyment, save an occasional pint of beer, which sometimes makes litem almost mad. In many cases husband aud wife, father and daughter, or mother and sou, work 011 alternate shifts, and never see eaeii oilier save when the hell rings for going on and leaving off. Then they pass with the recognition of "Hullo, lad!" and "Huilo, lass!" There is no time for tlie formation of home influences or for tlie cultivation of the miud among these classes. They work "as prisoners work for crime," iu order that England may be commercially great, only under worse conditions of life than, most prisoners, and witli no chance of release from their terrible bondage. Thousands are always waiting to take their places. "Night after night the men with their 'cans of meat' packed up, will trudge to the fac tory, sometimes from homes four or five miles distant, heavy-hearted and anxious, to hear what they expected to hear all along, that thore is no work for them. And this night after niglit, perhaps, for weeks to gether." More frightful still Is the case of the fe male whitolead workers. Here English wo men and girls work uulil their limbs are twisted. Their gums aud teeth rot away early; they cannot take solid food, and their constitutions soon become wrecked. Few women who work in theso places give birth to living children; "they become like living skeletons, and die in terrible agony." One description of a typical death of one of the lead-poisoned women is given by Mr. Sher ranl, the torture and horror of which could not be exceeded by the most hideously fruit ful imagination. "She had been a wlilte- lead woman, and for nil theso years her work had been to carry from the tanks in which the whitolead Is mixed into a paste with water to tho stoves or hot chambers, in which it is dried, tlie usual charge that is laid upon the woman, that is (o say, three dishes of 2411). eaeli. 'I would carry two dishes on my head,' she said, 'and one 011 my arms. I couldn't carry the three on my head, they bowed me so.' She was very bent." There are numbers of women in England to-day who have 110 choice between such' a living death as litis but lite streets, and tens ot thousands of men who, having fled from the horror or some kinds of work and the certain death which awaits those who follow them, have returned because Ihuy could find nothing better to do. These are the men and women whose condition is supposed to have greatly improved during the Iteigii— when they are taken as units iu a statistical average, of course. Jt seems almost incredible that such a condition of tilings could exist In it civilised country, and it could not, obviously, exist in any other. If savage races have not developed tlie wants of civilisation, they have at least escaped some of ' the consequences which spring from lite salisfaction of these. It is enough to make tlie heart of any humane man or woman sicken to read of the tin- naturnl, stimted, joyless lives which for so many fellow-creatures in England lead to premature and horrible donth. 