Short Story. The Minister's Ghost Story. ' Good-nieht. luirns ! M'lvor, see that they :f S£B2 :o fceS at a reasonable iiour, and ilitma -=:t up hue vessel'. The morn's the Fast I-ay. mind, and yc'vi- t-- preach.' With the.-e words the Rev. I-iil'.iI«1 .M'Kinnon tck his f;imll«-. and lu-ann-d round ..in th«- c-.inp:iiiy. 'flo-i-l - Jiiirlif. sir.' -:wd - niirlit. father!'' they iv-p 'iid.-l. with much deference. ' No, Ul- won't stay np late.' The door cl-isod. and tli-- 'Id .^.?n;l.'- inan's foi'tstcii? 'ere he.ivd a^cendini: ?he srair.-?. 'Now. Mr. MTv.ir.' said one of the -iris, eairerly. ' reinenil-er yonr i-r--- misc.' '? Perfninly. Mis« .Trm-i.' answered fho :-entlemnn. rising with mn«-h gravity. ' I intend to sir a f-*w minnte^ later niy -olf. but I promU.-d fo see :lio rest of von off. T am iriad.' lie r-ontinued. pro i-nodinc to lii:h: f!ie candles, 'that M;-* .T.in-n should bo the one to call me to a ?sense of ? ' ' F:dd!e«t;eks.' said Janet, a tall, iirisrhf-faeefl ?irl in a dress of soft 'ims'vii. which suited her admirably. She was siftinsi on a low stool before :h*- fire, tryins t--- shield her flushed ? heek- from the blaze with a hnce ?'?::nson .Tnpnm-«' fan. 'Don't be a immhiij. Mr. M'Tvor : you know what I :ufan — that nhost stf-rv you promised to ??'11 n«.' ' Do toll it. Mr. MTvor !' ' T'd nr'^r hear about pirates.'' .said r,.Yhhy M'K!nnon. a s.-hoolhoy of 12. '? O!io«ri nr-' such awful rot.' ' Titen you ea.ii zn to bed.' retorted J.-mft. ' T'll do nothing of rln- kind.' said l'.obr.y. much insulted. 'Go to bed riurself.' 'Yon rnny remain if yon behave yonr s.-lf.' said Jaiiof. surveying him calmly. ' Mr. M'Tvor. I sh-in': !c:ivr- the room ?:nn! you have ro],l that story.' ' Ts ;r the will -'.f the company that ?'ir-ir yoiinir blood be frozen and curdled ;n davknrs* ? It is a real srliost. reniem !-er.' ' ITow delicious,' murmured one of ?he irirl*. 'Very wi-Il. Don't blame me if yon ?:m't sleep to-ni^lr.' PTo extinirnishefl the lamp as he spoke, ind rosum'vi hi« «\it. 'Phi- firelight ?laved nn bi- dark fa en. and h-- looked with hi* spare f.inn. thi'i. ki-i-n fixtures, ind sroat '..ill.iw e\\-i*- lik.' a Knmish ? ritvf w.ivn i-.iir wirli fasiiiiir and .i^nanen. There w.-i - a !-:iu~'-. dnvi'ic \\\ 'i:.-li rii-1 ?impany sat ~il--nt and .xp.- liiit. and 'ie you:i:: minwt^r enzed at ill.' live as '' fas.'inai-- 1 liy stiiiiethliii: lio-aw :h.'re. At 1:1-:: )?,,? ,lr.-\v :i ],i|iv brcatll. 'You kifw what «i'r- nd sf^Iit is.' lie '?'^an. ;urn:!ii: h:- !ni%i:i!i.-li..ly oves nn 1 -ey K.-ith. thi- u'irl wli.i though! r.'al .-hosts d-'l;.-i'U-: She -iiil. Id. ?:?.??] sliirh'Iy. ' T pn--,.-.- :i|;n .itiiilii !'h] iii f r.' he went l in a riuie'. serioiK voice. ' Appnri ?'?'ins. £rhi»:ly ctlins. shadows of ??tnerals— :ii] these Unnis I have seen. ?ften. in my own parish. Many times F have heard tiie tappinc of hammers 'nd sawincr of wood in the carpenter's shop after his day's work was done. ?'Hinn that death was cominir. Three ?lights bef.iie a .leitli the sounds are ?nrd -ir never fa'N.' The .sti.-aknr paused, and h:« audience -liirefpd .-mil -n- a little closer. ' Ir is ju~f a year sin.-o T went to ????eaHi f..v Alexander of Tiarnstrae. ? 'hero is nothing at all sti.cirosMvo of the ? 'ipernatiiral abon: either him or his vife. but tho man-e was bis and eerie, ?ill of draughty rorridors and wide ? ?nircasps. It had been an old mansion. nd there was a story connected with '. Alexander said, bur ho would not tell ? that nizht. AYe s.n: talking orer old ??illesre days, he and T. until Ion? past ;i:dni:rht. Then we lit our candles, ?nd AWnndoy led ;V' wav to my room. ' should have had difficulty in 'finding Mie way myself, for it was np a wide ? rair^aso and aloni a corridor with a ?iiimber of doors on either side. I trod \- -if fly. fo.-irincr to disturb Hie household. '';it Alo^ander assurer! me the caution was nnneces«nry. T was alone in that ??art of the house. T am not a nervous nan. but T should have preferred one or :-vo neighbours. My room was at the Y'Ty end of the corridor— a cheerful lpartment by day. when the sun shone in. hut at that hour, with the moonlisht '?astinjr stran?e shadows on everything. it was eerie. 11 T said ?rood-ni?ht to mv host, and :-.-tired to my rest when T had convinced 'ii.rself that a certain suspicious- lookin? ?shadow on the lawn was caused by a ? reo. I was not at all sleepy : so after a time I sat up. lit the candle that stood ????1 a small table by the bedside, and !-'*2an to look over my sermon. Then I -elected the Psalms to be sunsr. and had iusr fixed on three, when I felt a sudden rush of cold air. and looked up. As -urelv as I am sitting here — as surely as you are listening ? ' Ian M'lvor raised his hand Impres sively and looked round with an un eirthly li»ht in his eyes. 'The door onened slowly, and a woman elided In.' Joey Keith shrieked and hid her face ..n Janet's shoulder. 'I thought I had 1 .eked the door : but evidently T was mistaken, and T concluded that this -was one of the maids walking in her sleep. I lay back on my pillows and watched the intruder, hardly darinjr to breathe lest she should turn and see me. for the thought of her suddenly waking and Mndinjr herself in my room was em barrassing. Then in a moment the truth flashed upon me, for in the clear moonlijrht T saw her plainly. T had drawn up the blind ; and while my bod was in shadow, by the window it was almost as llpht as day. This was no servant. Her Ions, beautiful hair was unbound, ripplinjr in irolden waves below her waist. n,M- dress was loose and flowing. --f some shimmering white stuff— it minded me of 'White, samite. mystic, wonderful.' Once she turned her face towards me— a beautiful face, but pale nnd drawn with anguish, and the eyes wide with horror. I tried to more or speak, but limbs and tongue were paralysed. She moaned piteously and wrung her hands : then, to my horror, glided to the window and threw it open with a terrible cry. There was an answering cry— the wailing of a little child outside. The woman threw out her arms with a despairing gesture, and the loose sleeves fell back, disclosing their exquisite shapeliness. Shu would have flung herself from the window, but was held back— the horror of it— by a hand. I saw it distinctly, and a shadowy arm, nothing else. I think f realised then something of what Kel shazzar must have felt when he saw the fingers that wrote— mene, tekel, up harsin ' Then the moon went under a cloud' -ami IanV» voice souk to a whisper— 'I saw that my candle was burning with a blue flame. My hair stood on end. I would have given all I possessed to find myself in the study downstairs, but I could neither move hand nor foot, and if I could, who knows what I might have seen in that long corridor. Those empty rooms— I dared not pass them ! I lay back helplessly watching that tragedy .if bygone days. ' There u'ts another awful cry. and again there came the pitiful wailing from outside, fainter Mian before, and dyinir away in i'ie d;-ianee. To this day. when 1 read «-r Ka.-hel mourning for her eliildreti. ;,'iat i-ry rimrs in my ears. Tliive seemed tn be a struggle, flu.' wtfiilnir was fmvMily flnsed. th; woman sank . u the tin ir with hands elasped and the beautiful face upturned in agony. Then the moon shone mil. and slowly the vi-sinn faded.' There was a I.m^ silence when Ian had finished speak'ng. Then Janet spoke. ' Who was she ? What was her story. Mr. Mlver V' 'Alexander told me the story next day. Margaret Kl!i n of Rarnstvae. a beautiful and li'gh-spirited girl, fell in love with and secretly married her brother's tutor. When* the marriage was discovtved he was in Edinburgh preparing a home for Irs wife, and on his return there was a terrible scene, for .Mrs. Elliot was another Lady Ash ton. She told him that his wife had been sent to a French convent, and the poor fellow, mad with urief. went abroad in search of her. It was a false hood, of course. Margaret never left her mother's house alive. Her little child was taken away one night, and Margaret in despair tried to throw herself from the window of that very room I slept in. She died soon after of a broken heart. It all hap pened long ago— last century. I believe.' '^ Poor giil' said Joey, softly. ' I liked that bit about the candle burning blue.' said Janet pensively : ' it marie me creep.' ' I should like to see a shost.' said Bobby. ' Hush '' said Ivor, holding up a warning hand. ' What is tha't ?' Pit-pat, pit-pat, came the sound of soft footsteps on the ptair. The girls looked at each other fearfully, and Bobby turned very pale. Ian grasped the poker with one hand and threw his other arm profootjn-rly round Janet. Pit-pat, pit-pat. It was coming nearer. Bang ! Joey screamed, and fell fainting in Tan's arms. lie rose, gently deposited her on the couch, and opened the door. Something flew past with a wild cry. Bobby howled, thinking his hour was come. 'Who is lhan?' Ian demanded, sternly. ' M'lvor. is that you ?' said a quaver insr voice fmni the darkness. ' Angels and ministers of grace de fend us ! A liarht. Ian, quick !' ex claimed Ivor, bending over a heap at, the font ..f the stairs. Ian dropped the poker and struck a light, and Janet followed him into the passage. 'Oh!' she ejaculated in dismay. Tt was- the Rev. Dougald M'Kinnon. in nightcap and dressing-gown, with an extinguished taper in one hand, a stick in the other, and a large iapanned tea tray on the top of him. They helped the old gentleman to his feet, and took him into the room to recover. ' I'm all right, bairns.' he said, when he had been revived with a mouthful of whisky. 'Whatever brought you downstairs, father ?' asked Janef. hovering over him affectionately with the bottle. ' I heard voices, my dear, and thought it was burglars. Then, when I got to the foot of the stair T tripped on the cat and knocked over the tray.' 'The cat! That accounts for the awful yell.' said Tail. 'I didn't know whether It was Bobby or the ghost.' ' Where is Bobby ?' said Janet, ?look- ins: round. ' Joey. dear, wake np ! The ghost is having some whisky, and yon had better have some too.' ' Ghost !' repeated M'Kinnon. I wonder ye havena mair sense, Janet. Eh ! What's that ? There's a man behind the curtain. MTvor.' exclaimed the old gentleman, pointing with great excitement to the crimson damask, which appeared to be mnch agitated. ' There is some one there.' replied Ian. deliberately rising and going to the window. There was a howl from behind the curtain as he proceeded to unmask the ruffian. Tt was the valiant Bobby, crouched in a corner, with his fingers in his ears. ' Bobby ! What d'ye mean by sic like cantrips ?' demanded his father, in dignantly. Bobby exclaimed with a scarlet coun tenance that he thought 1t was one of Mr. MTvor's coffins, and that he felt a nntnral reluctance to occupy it pre maturely. ' Coffins ! The laddie's dreaming.' said the old Igentleman. scandalised. ' What way are ye no In bed. Bobby ?' ' T congratulate yon on the success of your story. Mr. M'Tvor.' said Janet. ' Ton have frightened everybody Into fits.' « ' I wonder at ye. M'lvor, and the morn the Fast Day.' said the old minis ter, in a tone of mild reproach. ' They would have It. sir,' said Ian. apologetically. ' Never mind, father.' (said Janet, saucily. ' we'll do penance to-morrow— we'll all go twice to church.' ' Te've muclde need.' was the dry refjponse. 'MTvor. light the candles — T'll see ye a' oot this time.' Tan obeyed, and the procession formed -'and filed out of the room, headed by the old gentleman and Bobby— the latter much subdued. ' We only want surplices to look like a procession of priesfcs and acolytes,' snid Janet, laughingly. ' Don't yon feel like one. Ian ?' ' Xot I.' ho replied, promptly. ' I wouldn't be a TJoman Catholic pries) under existing circumstances' — he looked at Janet—' for any considera fion.' *** Janet turned round impatiently.. ' Come along. Joey, it's time you were in bed with that white face. Mr. M'Tvor. T hope we shan't dre*im of the golden -haired Margaret.' ' I hope not. Miss Janet.' he replied, with a smile. ' Goprl-nigbf. Miss Joey' —then in a lower tone — ' the lady of my dreams will not have, golden tresses.' It would have been unreasonable to j complain just then of Miss Keith's lack of colour. ' Good-night. Mr. MTvor/' she said, with a sudden, lovfily smile. ' T shall never, as long as T live, forget this night, or your story, or ? ' ' Or what. Miss Joey ? :No, not till you finish your -sentence !' fw she was Irving to regain possession of her ha ml. j She looked round, halfVfrighiened. They were qnl.te alone on the'. landing. ' Or you !' The words were hardly aiidlble. ' Joey !' But Joey had vmijjF ii--.!. Ry .T. Strong, in the ' People's i Friend,' 