THE DAVIS FANTASTIQUES. of their capital entertainments on Thursday and Friday last in the large dining room <îf the Commercial HoteL The attendances 011 both nights were very good, and the show judged as a whole quite up to the pretensions set out in the playbills, and much beyond what oug what one would expect from the unassuming char»ciu>r of the performers. The illusionsof Professor Davis are complete, Without practising the iusidiousness ol comparison, it can truthfully lie said that the piwfofceor js such a student, of his art as to have gone a fen- steps further than the Hellers, father and son. and to liayo circumvented the explanations " vinui> " those professional dte-iliusionists Maskclyne and Cooke pereniallv delight Londoners with. Moreover, he makes really good fun and more laughing took place in the hall on the nights of the show than has been heard in this serene centre for many a long day. The first part of the entertainment consisted of the usual ledgerdemain or what modern jugglers have named escamoterie. In all his tricks the professor displayed an easy and rapid dexterity which completely baffled elucidation and pleasingly mystified his beholders. Then came a capital ventriloquiai act in which professor Davis managed a set of dummies so deftly, and used his voice so cleverly without any labial effort as to make the illusion of throwing the voice into the figure perfectly compete. The second part opened with an exlibition of somnomancy by Madame Stella Davis. The lady is seated in view of the audience and hypnotised by her husband. She is then blind-folded and while thus fixed answers written questions which are dispersed broadcast amongst the audience. These questions are written by various persons and then* transferred at random and held by other persons. They do cot come into the possession of anyone connected with the show, yet Madame Davis reeled off answer and question as plainly as if she had them all before her eyes. The genuine nature of the questions was testified to by the persons who held them, the answers were all rational and the statement of them freqently incited applause. By the answers given on Thursday, Broad Arrow is not going to boom any more but will lie vastly improved in four month's time, the Minnie Palmer South is going to turn out well, and somebody's absent darling is as true as steel. The concluding act of the entertainment is undoubtedly the clever est. It is at once a representation and an exposure, (since the professor admits it is simply trickery) of the materialisation of spirit with which Mrs Mellon befooled Mrs. Besant, Judge Windeyer and other people of light and leading. A short description is:—the professor's hands are cruelly tightly bound behind his back by a couple of energetic young commmittee men and the knot on the rope is sealed. He is then placed in a whole black linen bag with a drawstring through its mouth. This string is pulled tightly round the performers neck, knotted sealed and stitched together and the loop end of the string passed through a slit in the cover of the cabinet- and held by committee man. The professor then retires into his cabinet which is a slight framework lining with black cloth and the lights are turned down. Within half a minute, bells are rung and tambourines lianged within the cabinet. A little time elapses and the spook of " Cissie " a little girl of six appears and does her little patter. Then " Geordie ", a blackbearded, wliitenightgowned individual appears, and after him " Josephine ", who simply floats coyly about for a minute or so and disappears. All thespooks comport themselves naturally, and are as plainly depicted as ghosts may wéllbe. Afterthespsokshaveretiredtheprof. appears, smiling free of bonds and black bag and as mirthfull as ever. He retires to the cabinet, bells are rung and' tamliourines banged again yet when the cabinet curtains are pulled up again, there he is bagged up held 1 iy the string, the ends are stitched, the seals are unbroken, and he is exactly as he was trussed up on starting. In fact, the illusion is clever and complete, and there is no slip in its execution that admits of any suspicion to the inquisitive mind. 