Our Launeeston Letter. (raoa an um* oosMaposDBrr) The Victorian ragtag eaiainl baa aw and gona, aai aUhoagb. aaanj wan duappUated at the reenUs of tfaa Cap. I bav« aot baaid of anyone makav bis 'aaceoai»' or 'deaesa- siss,' as tbe oaas may t», owing to shortage of cash. The biggest Saul of coin or«r tie Cap ia TbjuuuiU aesau to ban bees made by tw« Qaaenstows rcsideals, as I have ao iaf only bMid ef several smaller amooaU faJUag to the ebsre of ottier lucky icsidents of the tight little lale. A bank »Urk at Launeeatoa oolland a £100 priu U ooe ol lattsnau-s sweaps, sad a few other* whes* assaes I t»v« fosgathn dropped Uto lesser subs. A kdy atOampbelltowa, nowaver, takes the cake ia respect to the way she got her ticket A friead of the Umllj »u Instiuoted to procaes one for her, and baying sevenl fur hiauelf he eaot one of them from Hobsrt to the l»'ly in qussUoo. Tha ticket get bom* es one ef the Cap stsrtata, aad Dame B amor says that careful hedging rtaaltsd la £1000. Needles* te add tbe friends'* tickets wen all dnffats. Politically m»U«ti aca pretty auiet now that the Bnddoa OaUnet aeems to ban tidad over the rsilsny embrogUo. BpesuUtioa is, of count, rife ss to who is to be the new Attorney General, Up till to-d»y -rueia»y, Norember 6(b) nothing deficits has oome litmg, but tt is gensnllv accepted tbat tb* Member for Ito&tognwiu; pass the post first. Last week One delegates from the BobsA Rallra LMinie. that malodonu baiv vchlofa it anxious to bose th* Island, anired at Lane csstoa with the object of trying to peretuda the West Coast Direct Boot* Aswdaiioa (is tbis tbe rfebt sane ? ) tbat th.y nerar b»n been KirainBt nilway communloatioa between Zseban vie Mole Creek. The three gentle nen aomprisiBg the derJnUUon mtt fortn ?utolr well »e'.«Ud in so far as they wen all level-headed men and inclined to alike tbe best ef a bad bwgsia. Several consul Utiosi with the oortheni people ware held, with tba ontooroe that a united aotlon is to bt taken ia future ; (he Hebart League promising to tnppcrt ? railway to the Wast Coast vis Mole Creak. wbU« the Northers As sociation will assist la getting th* Hobart Lyell lias of railway. This b, of onus*, ail very nloe and good, hut the cash will have to be found ere these mutual arrangement* have any chsaoe of blossoming forth Into reality. Tbe Hobart support goes, no doubt, for what It Is worth. The development! ojossquent upon tie railway embrogUo have oonolodvely shown tbat the Western Grab h.vfin't a ghost of a show and rather than to be left cut in the oold tbs Hobart League erne along sod said to the Korthern ocople : ' Wa wiU sup port your scheme— (which has a ohauoe) if you will atslat ours (which hasn't, one.') Bat tbe Northwnen, veil «wa» of Hobart ballot, couldn't biDd Uunuelves down to toe Booth era desires of 'either a Northern and South ern Hallway to the West or Bone at all '— with the s'y hope that of course this didn't apply if there was a obanoe of getting only a Southern Railway .-Von bet I Prince of Wales' b rtbday was celebrated in the otnal way— n-ce«, a regatta, cheap train excursions, aad pichlai absorbed the tattoos holiday maktrs, and the city tore a most desalted aspect during the day. Our nolle waniors, at least part of them, the Laanccs ton Artillery sad Grammar School Cadets went d--wn to tb* Bead* on Friday night, re turning (gain on Thursday night, Aooordtag to to ibe paper* they bad a glorious Urns, ana much powder, shot and shells ware suooe** fully sent into epaoa, Talking of tbe paper reports reminds me of tbe following two item* suited from Itsues of the 8th and 8th of November respectively i -'Banlmen Weather* head, whilst opening a bottle of lemonade, bad tbe bottle explode in fate haad, erasing a nasty wonniiB the wrist.' And: 'WhiUth. other, (warrior) Iq opening a bo We of esrOiah, caused the bottle to break, receiving a out on tbs tide of the knee.' Two aoddenU from 'busting' boh-wok uofues ! in* -uiay i« saaw aegener* allng, and I am afraid th* ' tight spirit *u no longer in It, Think of tbe real Tommy Atkins being smashed op by an exploding lemonade bottle I No chance of a aoft-taok bottle Ujlng oat one of tha West Coast warriors, they keep then dangseons shells at a good distance. Boag'e *hrapnels are more llte'y to osn** slaughter. Mr A.Boutar, the obief olerk of the Union Company at Sbaban, is doing Launeestoa at present. Noiembsr 6. 