THE BROKEN ROWLOCK. Albert Langdon and Charles Naylor were companions of long standing. In tbo same class at school, and residing in tbo same street, a childish attachment strengthened us tboy grow older, until they seemed moro liko brothers than Friends. Thoy helped eaoh other with their home lessons, or ratbe^, Albert assisted his friend, who would not have kept his j place in tho school but for such aid.' In tho summer evenings they often went fishing, and occasionally, as they grew older, had a row up the Ribblo as Far as Walton church. , Charlie's father wished his only son to learn his own trader that of a cabinet-maker, bub Albert moant to bo a schoolmaster, and in the end both became pupil- teachers in their old school. When both were 17 years of a«:e, a well-to-do node of Albert's died, and bequeathed to his favourite nephew a legacy of £2,000, tbo iucomo meantime to ho spent on tho fortunate youth's education. The legaoy led to a feeling Df cool ness betwoi.n the two friends, Naylor fancying that Langdon ' put on uirs ' because of his for tune. On Naylor's 18th birthday, however, ho was the recipient of a splendid little boat, just ? big enough for two, Langdon having purcbussd two boats exactly alike, out of his first half year's interest on his legacy. This generous act renewed the strained friend snip, ana tor a time an weuc along smootmy. Tho two often went on the river with their boats, occasionally racing in u friendly fashion, and sometimes takiug a fiiend with them.. Among tho pupil teachers was a pretty girl named Alice Crook, a favourite with tbo whole : school, and it. soon becaruo apparent that for , her smiles the two ft iends were rivals. And when ! Oharlea Naylor made tho mortifying discovery that Alice preferred Albert's company, and that she gladly accepted his assistance in pre paring her evening lcasous, tbo spirit of the 7onth again burned fiercely, aud ho vowed to have his revenge 'some day/' Outwardly, 10 all appearauce, he was as friendly as ever ; he could not pick a quarrel with Langdon with out giving a reason ; and to confess that he sighed for the affections of tho fair Alice was impossible. 44 What do you think of entering ii\^the two oared boHfr-raco at the regatta, Charlie ?' asked Alherfcnno nvu r.in«* -* Tl^rA-nro nn hnnfo nn ? the river so light as onrs, and it is not likely ' ? ? j that there will be any competitors from other I places; tho prizes will scarcely tempt them. Besides, if they do, we are not obliged to com pete.' ?♦If you are thinkiDg of it,* I'll enter,' re plied Langdon. . 44 And I'll take his insufferable pride down a ^ i . peg* or two,' muttered Naylor to bimsulf, as he went down to the river at sunrise next mora ?- ing, to pnt himsult in trainiug for tbe race. Ho would win easily, bo believed, and thereby . show. Langdon that ho was not A 1 at every thing he aimed at. ; And as Naylor was fully two inches taller, and at lea&t; a stone heavier, than Langdon, it seemed a foregone conclusion among their ac . quaintances when it became known that the two bad entered for^he race tbat Naylor would be a comparatively easy winner. The weather on the regatta day whs all that could be desired^ and the northern bank of the river was crowded with spectators, the grand ~ I stand being filled by the elite of the town. The \- ? ? i race for wbioh Langdon and Naylor had entered wasfar down in the programme, and moanwbile they sat with their friends iu the grandstand. \- Alice Crook was there, and to Naylor's ntense chagrin, she wore a neat little blue tie, ihis competitor's rowing jacket having blae stripes, while his own bad chocolate brown. 44 I'll take the puff out of him !' thought Naylor, strolling off in another direction, to the ? - - . wonderment of his friends. Tbere were seven entries for the two-oared boat race, and Naylor was first favourite. He had shown himself on the previous Sunday afternoon to admiring crowds between the; bridge*, his rapidity of stroke being commented upon by all who professed to know anything I about rowing. I There was a'cnpital start, and before the com v .vv petitors had' gone 100 yards Naylor was leading with Langdon olose behind. Straining overy : *,A nerve tho favourite kept well in front until he -'-? ...A had rounded the buoy, but getting too near the ? : j bank he was compelled to ship one oar for a . * - - ; few seconds, aud that lost him the race. Laug ? ? | ilnn managed to keep the left of his antagonist, and, in spite of almost superhuman^ efforts by ? .1 Naylor, won the race by about ten yards. i ~ . » '- * Furiously disappointed, Naylor could not face ; ? the svmpathy of his friends, and after resuming ? - v.. h:s owlinary dress, went home, leaving Alice . i Crook to be.escortcd by Langdon. It bad been ; V : j previously arranged that the two friends should ' go to a concert tbat evening, being Saturday ; but Naylor did not turn up at the appointed time, aud having purchased bwo reserved seat .. ??-;[ tickets, Langdon called on Sirs. Crook, and j becked her to allow Alien fcn »»n wifch him Th« I mother knew of his legacy, and ulso of his many good qualities, and believing her duughtec might do much worse than marry Langdon she gavo her cousent. Naylor's class in the Sunday school was -minus a teacher next day ; he had a a sovore cold was tbo exouse sent to the superintendent. But on tho Monday morning he was in his placu in the day school, and greeted Langdon as though nought had disturbed the good feel ing between them. And their mutual friends who saw the ^wo young men together during the next few weeks we re obliged to admit that they had been agreeably surprised by Naylor's be haviour under di fiat ; he was bearing it liko a brave young fellow ought to do. Naylor had proposed a leisurely row down the river some fcaturdav evening, going with the the stream, and returning with the incoming tide.thi reby rendering the task of rowing some whs t easier. But the carrying out of (he pro ject was postponed — First because whoa the tidu would suit the weather was uupropitious ; then, the annual teachers' examination took place on a Saturday otherwise suitable. And thus it happened that when they were able to go October wa& far advanced, aud Langdon would have dropped the project at the first hiut from hts friend. 44 We shall bo all right, Bert : the moon \- rises. at snven, and we shall be nn our way back i hen,' said Naylor ou thoir way down to tbo boathouse. And so Langdon thought as they rowed i slowly down with the streim, the exertion ? required being so little as to make it very enjoy able. They bad goue further than originally intended, being opposite tbe Naze, when Langdon, looking round westward, saw that a thick fog was coming up the river. 44 Look at the fog, Charlie ; we must turu I atonoe.' | Naylor was a few yards behind at tbe time, {? aud instantly turning cr^monced to row at } his best sped. Langdon fol^ved suit, but before j he had rowed fifty yards he fell on his back at the side of the boat, upsetting it. He was an | expert swimmer, and soon managed to get I into the boat again, but both his oars wero now | lost, and when ho had bailed the water out ( his companion was nowhere to bo seen. Tho fog j gradually crept round him, rendering it im possible to see where tbe tide was carrying tht* helpless boat. He must bo going in the direotion of home, he thought ; that was his only consolation. His position did not seem so very perilous ; if the fog would not lift, he should have no fears for bis ultimate safety. I What bad oiused his mishap P A broken \- rowlock, evidently, and bo felt it carefully. i ? ' Great heavens— it bus been oi ft 1 Who committed such, an outrageous deed ? ' ond ho tried to think tbat his lifelong friend would not be guilty of a dnrtirdly act which might yet end—- how ? 44 No, no-; I will, not boliove ithat Charlie would play me suoh a despicable trick, and thereby give the He to his protestations of gratitude for the assistance of many kinds I havo been able to rander him.' . His musings were interrupted by the boat running into a sandbank, with which tbo estuary of the Bibble abounds. Was the sandbank near the shore ? Being high water, or close to it, he dare not leave his boat to endeavour to ascertain his sutrround ings, and with somo difficulty he pushed tbo boat off again. Shivering with the cold, sitting in his wet clothes, tbe thick fog adding to his discomfort, tbe . hours went slowly by, but not nearly so fast as he imagined. And when he was beginning to hope that tho tide must have carried him so near Preston tbat ho might pos sibly see 6ome signs of life on the river banks, tbe boat again struck the sand. 44 1 must be in the estuary of -thc Douglas river,' he said to himself. And again shoving the boat off, ho began to hope tbat he might venture to take to the sand bunk when he again struck it. . The night passed slowly— so slowly to the still hopeful occupant of tho cockle- shell boat that, not knowing in which direction ho was going, he was both startld and dismayed when, tho fog lifting suddenly, he could see a number of lights, but at such a distance away that for some time he could not feel certain what town thoy belonged to. 44 That is Southport, and. I am being carried out to sea !' It was an overwhelming discovery, and his bope3 of succour grew faiufc. A few minutes observation convinced him that he was being carried in a southerly direction, and he was thereby somewhat reassured, as he would ero long be in tho track of ships outward bound fromLiverpool.and might be rescued in time be fore the iatense cold had done it terrible work. Bub in spite of bis efforts to keen his blood in circulation,, a sense of numbness stole over him, and though he well knew that sleep would mean death, his determination to keep awake was giving way to despair wheu suddenly tbe lights of a large ship loomed before him. 44 Ship ahoy !' he shouted, bub his voice was as hoarse as tbe crOak of a raven, and could not bave been heard a dozen yards away. The mpon was shining brightly, however, and the lookout man ou board tho steamer happily espied the boat, which was painted white, with bluo stripes around the gunwhale.The engines were stopped, and a rope thrown to Langdon, but he was too weak and numbed to catch it. 44 They have gone, and left mo to perish !' ho groaned. But it was uot so. A boat soon put off from tbe steamer, and the bapless I angdon was soon on bourd. The reaction produced by tbo certainty tbat he was safe, however, was more than he could bear, and when lifted on board ho was insensible. 44 A narrow escape !'«said the doctor. *4 See, bis watch stopped at 7.15 ; ho must have been sitting iu that boat, in his wet' clothes, for nearly six hours. Only a strong constitution could have stood suoh an ordeal.' 44 Is itsafe to send him backwitb the pilot ?' asked tbe captain. ' 44 By po means. It would be sending him to the grave. He will have a sharp attack of fever, 1 am afraid.' His pockets were searched for some evidence of his identity, bub no papers or letters of an.v kind were found. 44 His clotbiug and the possession of a good watch and chain show him to be respectable ; we must ask the pilot to makBlcuown the rescue to tbe Liverpool papers ; his friouds will thus be informed of bis safety,' said tbe captain. Tho doctor's opinion was verified, ond Lang don was raving in tbe^delirium of fever dur iug the whole of the passage across the Atlantic to New York. But having safely turned the crisis, he mended rapidly. A collection among the passengers had produced sufficient to pay for his passage borne, and he thus returned to Liverpool in tbe same steamer. Iu the meiutime, consternation, followed by intense grisf, roigeed in. two homes at Preston. WbcQ Charles Naylor realised that his villainous scheme bad been successful, so far tbat when hs ventured to look round, Laogdon's boat was not in sight, his satisfaction was but of a mingled character. What would be tho result ? Had he really contemplated the murder of bis old friend ? What would he gain by it ? If Bert Langdon wercdrowned, would Alice Crook transfer her affections to another, oven though that other Lad been to Langdon like Absalom to David ? Those aud otbor questions of a similar nature Charlie Naylor asked himself as he pulled steadily onwards. Tbe fog was so thick that he could nob see three yards in any direction ; and with ears strained, he wont slowly on to ward tbe town, not much afraid of being ruu dowjj, for ho knew that very few vessels left Preston on a Saturday night. 4,Thauk goodness, there's a light at last. That must be the chain light, and I have yet moro than two miles to go. But the tide is helping mo splendidly ' lire he arrived at the new pier, the fog lifted, and then be rowed much faster. He had fixed upon tho course be intended to adopt. Ho would say nothing about Langdon unless ques tioned, and then deolare that ho lost him in the fog. It was tbe most foolish decision he could have come to, but guilt induced fear. For tho first time in his lite, he did uot arrive at home until past midnight. His father i had gono to bed very angry,declariiig that if ho I awuitml tho coming borne of his son there would be a row, and therefore he had better retire. And his mother, after setting out bin hot supper, said nothing to hiin about the lateness of the hour, but also retired. Before he had finished his supper, there was a knock at the door. No oue in the frout could reo tho light iu the back parlour, and guessing tbat someone from Langdou's had come to ask for him, Naylor sat still, saying tobimsolf,4lLet them knock ! ' It was Mrs. Langdon, and reluctantly she re turned home, tbiuking it possible, as her hus band suggested, tbat tbe young men had landed at Lytham when tho fog came ou, and tbere being no traiu, bad been obliged to stay all night. Next morning, however, before Charles Naylor was out of bed, Mrs. Langdon was again at the door, anc Mrs. Naylor aroused her son. 44 Where did you leave Bert last evening, Charlie ? ' 44 Somewhere dowa the river, when tho fog came on. We lost oue another. But surely he has come bome ? ' 44 No, thoy bftTd beard uothing of him. Ob ! Cbarlie, how could you loare him ? You are bigger and stronger than he is, and if auytbing has — 44 Dou't talk such nonsense, mother ! What can bave happeucd to bim ?' But Mrs. Naylor did uot reply ; she went slowly downstairs with her terrible news,' vainly endeavouring to assuage tho grief nf the strickeu mother. 4* It is no use, Mrs. Naylor ; something tells me my boy is lost ! Tho good die young ! Aud never u better sou thun my Bertie trod the earth. He has never willingly caused any ono of us a momaut's piiu. I don't blamo your son. He got frightened, I suppose, when tho fog came on. and was in a hurry to get back. I will come in again, aud see him.' Mr. Naylor wcub to the police, aud notified them tint' bis son was missing ; and acting ou tbeir advice, ho took the train for Lytham, and there e gaged a small stoam trawlor to search for the.missing boat. But nothing was found ; and no tidings were received of its owner. On reaching Liverpool, tbe pilot of tho Macedunia was met by bis oldest daughter, with tbo nows that bor mother had been found dead in bed the previous morn ing. The messago he had been charged to de liver to' the newspaper officcs was completely forgotten, iu his grief at tbe death of his wife, and it was not until tbe following Thursday that he chanced to sco a paragraph iu the *? Echo ' to tho effect that a young man named I. angdon, who went for a row on tho Ribblo on Saturday evening, had not returned, and it was supposed ho had been lost iu the fog. Blaming himself tor bis forgotfulness, (ho pilot imme diately wired to tho Preston police, to tho effect that tbe Macedonia had picked up a small boat with a. young man in it, in tbe Channel, some ten. miles went of tho Mersey Bar. A few hours afterwards Mr. Langdon was iu Liverpuol, and after somo little trouble fouud tbe pilot. But agaiu the heart-brokeu father bad to endure the torments of suspense. Tho pilot bad to admit tbat the rescued young man was iu a high fever when he left tho steamer, and Mr. Langdon returned home with a fuller under standing than he had previously possessed of tbat wc 11 known text — 44 Hopo deferred makcth the heart sick.' During that week, Charles Naylor went about liko an auirnated ghost, and won golden opinions for his evident grief for the supposed lors of his friend. But, to tho astonishment of his parents, tbo news brought by Mr. Langdon from Liver pool did not chase the gloom from the young man's brow. He seemed' to become more melan choly than before ; and as tho time approached when the Langdons might expect to boar from tbeir son, if ho had recovered, tbe Naylor'a feared that Charlie was going out of his miud. The arrival of the Macedonia at New York was duly chronicled in the Liverpool papers, but nothing was. said of tho resumed castaway : and again the hopes of the Langdons grew fainter. Tho tortures of remorse endured by Charles Naylor during this period it would be impossible to describe. He could not cat, and tbe little steep he was able to obtain was broken by awful dreams, in which Albert Langdon was i drowning, and appealing to bim for help. The full cuormity of the crime he had committed, as tho result of his mad jealousy, had come home to bim, and he would have giveuall be posessed, | his hopes, his prospects, could he have undone his wicked deed. The hopes of the Langdons now centred in tho return of the Macedonia, and tbe joy of tho family may be imagined when a telegram was received from tbeir sun, handed in at Qucen stown, saying that he was quite well, and hoped to be at homo within twenty-four hours. 41 I must go aud tell Mrs Naylor ; she says Charlie is fretting himself to death.' said Mrs. Langdon. But the good news had an effect on Charles Naylor that astonished all who knew tho cir cumstances He was taken buddeuly ill, and the doctor sa;d he was in for a sharp attack of brain fever. For some time his life was in dan , ger, aud when he was sufficiently recovered to seevisitois the first to come was Albert Lang don. He bad not been told that Langdon wished to see him, and when his old friend spoke he turned away his face, crying : 44 Bertie Langdon 1 No, uo ; I cannot — I ? tried — ' f ,4 Hush, Charlie! You must forget what happened on that day. It is known only to you ond me. 1 knew you would be sorry after wards, Clnrlie. You have been spared a life long misery. Shake bauds, old friend.' From that hour Charlie Naylor recovered strength rapidly. But for a long time he avoided the river, and before he ventured out his boat had been seut as a gift to a bazaar got up at Southport ou behalf of the lifeboat fund. Only Albert Langdon could have explained why. after that brain fever attack, bis friend seBmed to bavo suddenly changed from tho youth to the man. His exuberant spirits and tun-loving nature had vanished ; aud be was I seldom seen to smile. To the regret of bis ; pareuts, he declined to follow the teaching pro ; fersion : Langdon alone guessed his reasons. Three years after tbeir last row, Langdon married Alice Crook, Naylor, after much per supslon, being u best man ' on the occasion. 1 44 How foolish to go rowing on the Ribble when the tide is up, aud unable to swim!' re marked one of tbe male guests, after the newly wedded pair had departed for Torquay. Only Albeit Langdon could have explained why Charles Naylor turned pale, his eyes dis touding with horror, as a paragraph from the local eveuing paper was read, relating bow a young man had been dtowned on the river, his skiff having been upset as tbe result of a 14 broken rowlock.' 