OUR NEW YORK LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Passion week, Holy week, Easter, glorious Easter, grandest religious holiday of all the year, is with us once again. On the wings of the wind, to every quarter of the globe, wherever the cross is recognised among men as the sign and symbol of salvation, on this morning shall be heard the joyful proclamation, "Behold, I bring thee glad tidings of great joy," and again the announcement, "I am the resurrec- tion and the life." In the calends of time there is no parallel like that which consecrates this sacred day to peace or which brings man so near the solution of the tremendous mysteries of life and death. Forty hours before the day which Christendom has celebrated for nearly 2,000 years, a mighty multitude came pouring into Jerusalem, the great at traction that brought them there being the crucifixion of three criminals; two were thieves, and the third a homeless wanderer who had been disturbing the peace of the land for the previous three years. It was in vain that His followers urged that He had committed no sin and had done no wrong; that He was a man of peace and of blameless life; the plea was useless; they wanted blood, and they got it. This thirst for blood is ingrafted in our natures, and will not die till all else dies with it. The drunken multitude sweeps along the way of sorrow, across the valley of skulls, up the rugged sides of Calvary, where the murder of the Man of Sorrows was completed. The atonement was made in the blood of the Lamb—"It is finished." It is finished, and the Son of Man, crying in mortal agony, "My God, my God, why hast Thou forsaken me?" bleeding, mangled and torn, gave up the ghost. Holy week, consecrated by the most mournful sacrifice recorded in the book of time, is now the grandest of our Christian holidays. And so it cometh that passion week shall represent to the Christian in every land the Alpha and Omega, sunshine and shadow, joy and grief, hope and despair, glory and disgrace, triumph and defeat, light and darkness, life and death, till the heavens shall be rolled away as a scroll and death be swallowed up in victory. As I sit at my desk in the glory of this bright spring morn and look out upon the swelling buds and fast coming leaves, which tell the story of nature's resurrection, I close my eyes to shut out all beside, and the glory magnifies a million times. Within my soul I hear the jubilate, "How wonderful are thy works, O God, "O Death where is thy sting," "O Grave, where is thy vic tory." The Presbyterian and Methodist Councils have been here all the week, but in neither has any radical change taken place; the battlefields of a hundred years ago are the battlefields of to-day. In the Presbyterian Council the question of heresy vexes their souls, while the Methodist sanhedrim is shaken from turret to foundation stone on another question that will not down while one advanced woman remains alive to thunder at the gate of the temple asking for the restoration of those rights which God gave her and man robbed her of, and which sooner or later he must pay back as sure as God rules and reigns. Both of the Councils have had their troubles, and the late convocation made it more evident than it ever was before that the greatest wants of the Church at the present time are peace and har mony. The heresy of the Union Theological Seminary no longer threatens Presbyterianism with disrup tion, for a potent question sprung upon the convention early in the ses sion still remains unanswered. This week the sole work of our Legislature appears to have been devoted almost exclusively to the consideration of the defects in the Raines excise bill. I suppose that this particular bill was drawn with as much care and received as much good, square, honest thought as any bill that has been before the House this session. A good law to be effective must have an honest inter preter, and right here is where the Raines law failed, it had no honest interpreter. After its birth, with the rich promise of a healthy life, it was put to nurse in the camp of the enemy. Its fate was decided in a court where justice was administered by a judge who knew as much about law as he did about the Bible, and who in the hour of need could swing up greater majorities for Tam many than any other man between the Battery and Harlem bridge. Wise beyond his generation was he who gives to posterity, from the droppings of his wisdom, the decision, "That a ham sandwich was a meal, and a frank- furter sausage or a low Dutch bologna was an entire table d'hote" The generous decision and liberal in terpretation of the law brought joy and gladness into the hearts of the Raines hotel-keepers in the classic neighbour hood of Hell's Kitchen and "Paddy's Patch," and they felt like exclaiming with Shylock in The Merchant of Venice, "O wise young judge, how I do honour thee." If a ham sandwich was a meal where a guest could be served with liquor, what was an hotel? One provision was that it should have 10 furnished rooms for transient guests. Good enough. "Good enough," said Paddy Lynch to Mike Fay. "Why this is just like picking up money in the streets;" and so it was, for it was in the streets that the gentle night hawks found their greatest pleasure and profit, and literally obeyed the scriptural injunction, endorsed alike by the Pentateuch, the Talmud, the Sanscrit and the Koran, Confucius and the Vedas, "If you meet a stranger take him in." Last year a gentleman who for years has been engaged in preparing statistics for the Government, but who is now en gaged on a work entitled, "Labour and Capital," addressed several thousand circulars to the largest business firms in the land inquiring if in case of labour disturbances they were willing to arbi trate. Out of 3,850 replies re ceived 3,680 replied, "They were if the settlement was made with their own employees; but under no circumstances would they treat with a walking delegate or any out sider." The next question was, if they knew of any case where an interview had been denied an employee, when he asked respectfully to be heard on the question of labour, working hours or increase of wages, or any other grievance affecting the working man's welfare. They all replied they never had. There is the whole thing in a nutshell. The Board of walking delegates have the finest, fattest, softest thing to be found in this land to-day. As long as they can keep up strikes and be supported by anarchy and revolution they have nothing to fear; their places are secure so long as the workingman allows them to be his mouthpiece. The present strike is among the lowest and poorest class in the Russo- Jewish quarter. Anarchy is chronic, and peace and cleanliness, like the pro mised land, is afar off. They are an uncanny lot; they rarely laugh and seldom smile, and they look upon all strangers with suspicion; they think that possibly the stranger may be a Russian spy ready to drag them back to Russia, and then without form of trial railroad them off to Siberia, where thousands of their relations and friends have gone before, there to toil down deep in the earth till death comes to their relief. They speak a language called Yeddish a language peculiar to themselves; it is the rude compound of a hundred dialects, without a grammar or a literature, yet its language passed from father to son serves to perpetuate the wild and extravagant legends and fables which still represent them as God's chosen people, and the rabbi, who expounds the Penta teuch and the Talmud, as the only true representative of the Lord's anointed. It is in vain that the Jews of New York have endeavoured to penetrate the density of their ignor ance. They have expended millions in the endeavour to enlighten them and better their condition, only to acknow ledge at last that their work has been a miserable failure, and I am reminded of a part of the week's history that our Jewish neighbours have been having quite a lively time among themselves. The Jews, as a general thing, make no effort to gain converts. In their religious life they have nothing akin to our revivals. In their daily walk and conversation they compare favourably with the best of their Christian neigh bours. They are honourably represented in all the trades and professions. It goes without saying that they have been for centuries the greatest of the world's financiers, and to-day in the fine arts of music, sculpture, painting and act ing they hold their own in every land, and in competitive trials have carried off their share of the world's grand prizes. I only mention this for what follows. We have here an associa tion made up of excellent and worthy people, the sole business of whose life is the conversion of the Jews. For many years past, aided by the money that these good people fur nished, missionaries have been main tained at Jerusalem, Bethlehem, and other points in the Holy Land, and the result after 50 years of constant endeavour has been three converts, each one costing about 8,497dol. and some odd cents. A few years ago a gentleman appeared at the office of the association of un mistakable Hebrew origin, and repre sented himself as a converted Hebrew, who, having seen the error and wicked ness of his ways, was now prepared to labour among his benighted co-religion ists and save them if possible. It was not the poor ignorant, benighted rabble that Russia has dumped down upon us that he wanted. Oh, no. It was the rich merchants and bankers, the men of princely capital whose names are better known around the world to- day for their magnificent charities than for their great capital, which afforded them the opportunity of obeying the Master's command. He wanted and promised to convert the men who have built hospitals in our midst who have founded splendid charitable institu tions for the widow and orphan and the helpless. What the object was in try ing to convert such people as these I could not perceive; people who had been registered as God's chosen for thousands of years. It seemed to me that they were quite good enough to take their chance of heaven with any creed or sect since God placed Adam in paradise. The new missionary went to work on a good fat salary, and from time to time brought in first-class re points, but no Jews. Then reports came to the association that their missionary was seen in bad places and was doing naughty things which a good pious missionary ought not to do. The result was an investigation, all the charges were proved true, and now the Prince of Jerusalem is looking for a job. A still greater sensation was the bap tism and reception into the Catholic Church of Colonel DeLancey Kane. Colonel De L. Kane is known in fashion able life as one of the best gentleman whips and club man in New York. He occupies a high seat in the sanhedrim of the 400, for there is no bluer blood than his among the elect, and no great social function is considered perfect without him. I know a great many people who look upon our fashionable set as a god less, frivolous lot, whose whole life is given to getting up balls and masquer ades, breakfasts, dinners, and other fashionable functions; never was there a greater mistake; as a whole they are strict in the performance of every Christian duty. DeLancey Kane for the past 15 years has been a vestry man of Trinity Church, the richest church corporation in the world, and for the last three years has been a trustee of the church. He was baptised by Archbishop Corrigan, assisted by an imposing array of priests. When Colonel Kane married Miss Iselin, the daughter of the wealthy shipowner, she being a Catholic it was agreed between them that if any children were born to them they should be reared in the Catholic Church. When their son was born he was baptised by the bishop 10 years ago. Now the baptism of the father makes the family all of one faith. When the elections were over and Major McKinley was safely installed in the President's chair, we all looked forward to a season of comparative peace. Did any one think for a moment of the 48,000 offices to be filled, and for which there were over 500,000 hungry applicants whose petitions must not be denied? Sometimes the office seeks the man, but more frequently the man hunts the office to the death. At this present moment we are in a worse muddle than ever in this city; infinitely worse than we were before the presidential election. The Greater New York charter, which is now before the Legislature, is honeycombed with mighty jobs, state and national, by which the promoters expect to profit. One of these is the con nection of New York and Brooklyn with pneumatic tubes for the quicker transmission of the mails. The city will be honeycombed with these tubes and all of the outside stations will be connected direct with the central office; the saving in time and money will be very great; "there's millions in it," as Colonel Sellers would say, and now the question is, a question which moves us to the innermost depths of our pockets, who will get the job? Verily I say unto you, many are called but few are chosen. One of our most serious disturbances is the appointment of Theodore Roose velt for assistant secretary of the navy. Mr. Roosevelt's friends are very persistent in urging him for the place, but there are lions in the path. Senator Platt does not like Teddy, and when it comes before the Senate he will have to pass upon his confirma tion. The President, who knows our young Caliph very well as a man of sterling honesty, would have no objection to giving him the place, but he cannot afford to offend our senator at the outset of his administrations, especially as he now controls absolutely the legislature of New York, and will have a voice potential on every ques tion that will come before the Senate for the next six years. Notwithstanding his recent victories and the demonstration of his power, the fight for his destruction still goes on. Dr. Parkhurst, Dr. Rainsford, Kicker Mulholland and a host of others are moving heaven and earth to down him. Good government clubs are being formed all over the city, whose sole object is declared to be the annihilation of Thomas Collier Platt, and he can truly exclaim, with the dying sage of Marshfield, "I ain't dead yet." I know heaps of self sacrificing patriots, who would be willing to spend the last dollar they had in the world belonging to their poor relations if they could only kill, beyond all possibility of resurrec tion, the Hon. Thomas C. P., but the senator dies hard; his enemies have not yet located the spot on which to plant the knock out blow, they hit at him, but when that tremendous fist, with its 750lb. impact, arrives, the Hon. Thomas C. P. is very much out of the way. The Raines law is another apple of discord, and should have been en titled, an act for the promotion and protection of vice. When I ventured to hint that this much lauded bill was not the perfection of legislation, I got a good round belting from several of my friends of the up country press, who gave me to understand I was talking through my hat. What do you think now, gentlemen? Who replies, "Save me, oh save me from my friends?" 