CHILDREN'S COLUMN. A LIGHT BATTERY If] ACTION. ' Can you soo anything ?' said the cap tain of the battery, standing up in his stirrups and peering into the thick fog. He spoke to one of his lieutenants who had ridden up to him at that instant. They gazed and listened together bstweou the guns, in the very centre of the line of six pieces of artillery — for the young captain's battery was unlimbered, loaded with can ister, and in position for instant filing. So thick was the fog that they could see neither the extreme right nor left of their own guns, around each one of which its detachment of men stood at strained atten tion. From the front cama the sound of aa occasional musket shot, and now and then a bullet hissed far above their heads. Thi3 firing increased in volume, but was still irregular and. scattering. It crackled omi nously, now to their right and now to their left, but always deep in the fog to their front. Suddenly the musket-Sriag developed not a hundred yards from their faces, and a volley of bullets 'sang round them. This trolley was evidently replied to by a rattling picket- fire, and just then both officers ex claimed — ' I see them ?' A very thin line of Union infantry, so Shrouded in the fog that the men seemed like ghosts, came drifting along in retreat toward the guns. Now and then one of these men would turn and discharge his rifle into the thick nmt, and then harry to keep ' dressed ' on in line with his com xades, most of whom seemed to understand that their fighting was, for the moment, at an end. The captain of the battery rode forward to meet them. ' 'Where are tho enemy ¥' he demanded. ' Right behind us !' replied the panting lieutenant of the picket line, with a cheer ful laugh. 'We held them to the very lasb, and drove back their skirmishers, but their main line of battle is moving forward now.' As he spoke a heavy musket fire blazed furiously from the enemy's line ; the leaden missiles flaw harmlessly above the battery, and the density of the fog seemed doubled. ' We won't make that mistake, Ally u, ?whatever we do,' said the captain coolly, referring to the enemy's high firing. Then, xiding to the rear of the line of guns, he shouted — 'Ran up your screws ! Depress the muzzles well !' ' They're right on to us, sir I' exclaimed Allyn, dashing up to his captain; 'see, sir, see !' The combined fog and smoke had thinned for an instant, shifted by a breath of the morning air. And now, not 50 yards before the guns, checked for an instant by a Virginia fence over which they were swarming, came the dauntleas infantry of the Southern Confederacy. ' Yes, I see,' said the captain. This was the instant for which he had ?waited. It seemed to htm then as if his whole life had been a preparation for that crisis. The gunner at each piecs had ad justed the screw to give the gun the necessary depression, and had brought the muzzle to bear on the line of tbo fence. -? Commence firing !' shouted tho cap tain. Crash ! crash ! crash I responded the guns, one after another. Crash ! crash ! crash ! There was an interval between the discharges, but sd brief that the roar blended in one sublime peal. Now thick white clouds of smoka so mingled with the fog and enveloped guns, men, and horses that it was impossible to distinguish anything. Vaguely incised, as if they were flitting ehadowe, tho captain saw his men working at the piecua, under whose blasts the earth rocked. Now and then a team of horses reared and plungad, excited to frenzy by the thunder of the artillery. The captain rode up and down the line between the guns and their lim.boi'3. His faoa was turned towards tho enemy, from whom no shots oame now. Alas for them ! Their brava advance was at an ead. The captain could not see it, but from the fact that he heard no more bullet3 whizzing about him he knew aa well as if he had been able to Doe that on both sides of the rail fence, and indeed on it and among its broken and splintered timbers, dead and wounded men lay thick. Neither hearing nor feeling shots from his front the young artilleryman knew his fire had been effective ; but what about his flanks ? Since, just before sunrise, he had been ordered to take up that position, no communication had reached him from any one in authority. Ho supposed he was provided with an infantry support both on hi8 right and on his left, but he was not certain. Bo dark had been the morning, although it was in the month of August, so thick had been the fog, and bo occupied had he been with watching for the onslaught of the enemy, that he knew nothing of what had gone on elsewhere than within his own command. Bat he gave the command, ' Cease fir ing I' Tho din of tho cannon was diminish ing, although the smoke had not lifted, when suddenly, with a terrible shriek, a shot cut the air over his head. Another bird of the same flock struck the sod in front of him, and then soared away to take rest far within the Union lines. He could discern, as if they were flashes of electricity; the flame of the enemy's cannon. They had brought up their guns to crush the battery which had so cruelly repulsed their infantry. ' Load with shell !' ordered the captain, riding down tho lino; 'load with shell, and fire at the flashes of their guns !' His guns were riflad and carried a per cussion shell. So far not a man or horse of his com mand had been injured. Every shot of the enemy's had been thrown away. Bat even as he was wondering at his good fortune, a spherical case burst between the two guns where ho at tho instant had pulled up his horse. He saw the number one man drop his sponge-staff and roll over on the sod, and was conscious that the horse on which he himself sat was sinking under him. ' U-ive me your horse, Kslly !' he cried to a boyish- looking soldier who had followed him like his shadow. Tho captain and tha soldier W6ra on their f.^et at the same instant. The captain sprang into tha saddle vacated by hi3 fol lower, who ran to the rear and threw him self face downwards under the caisson. In the roar and tumult the young captain wandered more ,1-hna ovor as to what was taking placa on his right aud on his left. Now trom both the3e localities the sound of firing cimo sharp and heavy, and seemed t) move in and to close to tho rear. Ii was as he had feared. On both sides of him the line had been f jrcod hack, and the enemy was pushing hard on tho re treating line. Oaa regimental commander had given no thought of the battery ho had been ordered to support, and hid left it to take care of itee'.f ; the other colonel had sent his ad jutant with a warning; but thi3 messangar lay dead on the field — shot down as he roda on his errand. ' Am I cut off ?' thought the captain. ' Gat tho guns off the field into the road one at a time,' he said to Allyn, who was his efficient first officer, ' and fall back then on to our line, which is away to the rear by this time. Bs quick aboub it, too ! I will bring up the rear.' Ho rode to the right flank and oncour aged tho men at these guoa to increase the rapidity of their fire, he could no'c see his left, but was conscious that tho guns there had ceased their fira and were moving away. In a moment more Allyn reported to him : ' All the guns are in the road but these two.' c Take one of these with you,' was the reply, ' and don't come back.' Through the smoke he saw his obedient officer disappear with the piecar And now, with the cessation of tho fire of fivo out of six of the gune, the air began to clear. Still the hostile battery in his front kept up its angry demonstration. This was music to his ears, for it indicated that the enemy had not discovered that he was ' limbered up ' and moving off. At such a time a battery ia perfeotly defenceless. Now could he get away with the last gun ? That was the question. ' Caasa firing !' he called to the sergeant of the piece. ' Limber to the rear. For ward now, fcr your lives.' The gallant teams of the caisson and the limber threw their shoulders against the collars with a da8h ; horses as well as men seemed to comprehend the extremity of the crisis. The road at the point where the five guns had escaped wa3 already occupied by the enemy's infantry. As the smoke lifted and they saw the remaining gnu, they yelled in triumph and fired thoir rifles at it. One of the three men on the limber chest fell back with a bullet through his brain. 'Pitch him off,' said the captain, sharply. He hold hi3 cocked revolver in his hand. ' Oblique to the left. Forward — forward !' As the teams dashed furiously on, the enemy, who were being every instant rein forced, fired and moved along the road to intercept them. When the artillery reached the shallow and narrow' ditch which sepa rated the field from tho road, the two hos tile bodies met for an instant in a wild male's. Tho captain does not know to this day how the gun was saved, any more than be knows just when th^t rifla ball pierced his leg ; but as his trousers wore burned by tho flash of the rifb, it must have been at very close quarters. Tha sergeant was shot through the left arm ; two of the men on the chests were killed. Neither the captain nor sergeant had a shot left in his revolver when lhay compared notes a few moments later. With a wild rush, a lashing aud spurring of horses, a rapid volley of rifhs and crack ing of pisfo's, rumbling of wheels and clanking of chuus, the last gun of the battery made its retreat from the position it had defended with such consummate gallantry. ^ »„»»»»««_„«» 