foRTH rising inroNcunxG j COMPANY. WANGARATTA, Friday. The second annual meeting of share holders of the North-Eastern Union cutting and Ikfiigii.itmg Company was held tested it by, Mr A. line of ending The hal ance sheet showed that a list of £20/10/ had been made during the past six months-, notwithstanding that pigs had been lit on high pine throughout the night, 'the loan plan, however. is still a debit balance of (t.L sti/ll/, owing to loss mended during the last few mullins' operations During the half a cat just railed the sales of bacon l calmed ¿1,537/15/, and small goods OXi/lO'O Messrs A. Byrne and W H Doig were elected as director-, and Mr. T) Cozens auditor. milîXrVDALU-At the Bairnsdale Police Court on Friday George James, le petit under ground drainage of the lifeline mine, at liuhmitt.nl, was committed for trial at the Supreme Court, at Kau Esdale, on 13th September, on a charge of stealing four bags of quartz from the mine. Bail as allowed. BERWICK, The Queen's Jubilee is to '(> celebrated on Monday next at Beacons laid The tion of the of the idea (oiHlleld Riding of the Berwick Mine June niMtcil all the school children in the siding to an entertainment in the Assiinbh-linll Tea and refreshments are to be provided, medals will be distributed, and a magic lantern tnlcitaininiitt, entitled, "Scenes in the Life of I had Maa t\," will be shown by Mr. (Dunn, of South Melbourne. CU MILTON -At a meeting of the Chad ton Age intituled Society on 'i Thursday it was decided, in view of the effects of the late (bought, to postpone the date of the next annual show, in order to allow of stock being shown to amount age. The date MAIN accordingly fixed for the Thursday previous to the Ik'iidtgo show, and will, therefore, be held about the second week in October. ECHUCA -The seven' nations of the recent iii ought in this district may be gauged ft on an official return which gives the total quantity of fodder received at Echuca between May 27 and July 14) at List) tons His Mr. V. J. Opie, head teacher of the Echuca State School, has been transferred to the Golden square School, Bendigo He was tendered a fare well set in gathering last evening. (USUOUNU-The amount voted by the shire council to the London Hospital fe'Mi wind for 1898, was £23 not £10 ns mis pt tilted in an anxious report. KUltlLMHUHHA-Oii Thursday morning a three roomed house at Outturn, or injured by a man named Duncan, was destroyed by his. It is supposed that the (fire originated underneath a stove in the building Duncan held a colonial wine license, and the house and inquired for Cutlet the local police court on Friday him ning H. C. Andrew H, ii local aerated water manufacturer, was charged with applying to certain goods a false trade desire tion, to wit, putting aerated water of his own make into bottles bearing the names and trade marks of certain lniinufiictiiicis. The proceedings. Si he is sale conducted by Mr. ¡'Vigiison, of the Customs department, wine taken under section 131 of the Turks Mines Act 1890. There were seven charges against Andrews, and he was fined />/, with £1/1 costs on each charge, MAltYHOIîOUGH.-Tho proceedings of the borough council on Thin day night were uni kid by continual dist out, which has of late been a feature of the meetings. GHOST. A public meeting was held here on Thursday, and a strong committee appointed to sense the return of Sir. Voter, the Minister of Mines, for East Gippsland at the forthcoming election. HUTUr.UGLLK.-At the imitation of the local branch of the A.N.A., Mr. Salmon, M.L.A., and one of the board of directors of that body, visited line on Thursday, and delivered a lecture on federation. The lecturer dealt with his subject in a very comprehensive manner, and was repeatedly cheered by his nineties. At the conclusion of the lecture Mr. Salmon was enter valued at a smoke concert by the local ' WANGARATTA -The lease of the Com- mci CHU Hotel-the leading hotel in Wunga ratti IIIB IKICII sold to Mr. John Sineidoii founcily of the Earl of Zetland Hotel, Melbourne. Mr. and Mrs. Richard line is, who have conducted the business for the past 14 cent, will leave in a low scenes for a trip to England, 