Ciiaftek Continued,} X'lie bitterness ot an actual experience is ye» less bitter than the distrust it lias awakened. It hurt Deborah Gray often to .cheek a-natural impulse to.be generous or'trustful and yet she had checked it again and. again. She said sharp little things to herself respecting such impulses; she kept watch and guard over any errant feeling she prayed for :calmness as other women ^pray for love. Her ideal of happiness vvas^a composure that' .could nob ba ruffled by breath of excitement or disturbed by external influences. When she turned again tc Nell and spoke they had almost reached then destination. They changed omnibuses and came back by the same route.. In these hot summer days it was their'favorite way.cof1 taking' the . air. It was cheap and it was restful, and it gave them a wide knowledge of streets and districts throughout London.On th'd return; journey Deborah skilfully evaded dangerous topics. She eiicouraged'Nell to talk of her home in Ireland,' her early girlhood, of the, people and ■ their ways.; That bright girlish chatter always amused her.1 It was like a ripple of sunlight on the gloom of their hospital life. Nell had the Irish faculty of seeing' the humorous side of things and of people. Her eye was quick to detect comicalities where others swept by in indifference. Hut to-day she was conscious of a little sense of: fatigue as isho rattled on. There was more_ of effortthan real amusement in her descriptions. She talked/ for Walking's . sake and because she knew De.bbie wished her to talk. It was a curious feeling, and it im pressed her. The little stream of light and frivolous words was checked abruptly. • "How I talk," she exclaimed with sudden impatience, " and what nonsense it is ! Why. do you .let me ?" _ "Nonsense is good for youth and natural to it," said Deborah. " Youth, youth ! How you do harp on . that. I am not young, I tell you. It seems years and years ago since I was a girl—a girl who cared for the fit of her frocks and to whom a dance meant rapture. I feel now: as ii I should never dance again." 1 " This is hardly the weather, or the place to make it an attractive prospect," said Deborah gravely. "But I should not' like to put you to the test when the surroundings were suit able." "•You think I am not to he relied "on. I know . you do; Debbie. I have a humiliating consciousness of the fact. I wonder if you are right. I know I am not a bit the sort of persou I meant to be; yet I began well." : "We all do," said Deborah Gray. "Come, let us go,in "now; our time isn't up yet, but this heat is cruel. ; You look'quite white and . fagged, child." ' . . ; ;/ Tbey passed up the steps and into the wide cool hall. A man was there talking to the house-surgeon. An, elderly man, with keen sharp-cut features and iron- grey hair. His clothes had that foreign " cut" which bespeaka the traveller. The surgeon turned to the two nurses as they entered. - "Ah," he said. "This is the young-lady who had charge of the case.' ' Nurse Nugent, this gentleman is a relative of your patient, Barrymore", ;iyard seven, ' He tells me he lias been searching London for-trace bf;,him and only to-day discovered that he had been brought to this hospital." Nell turned .to the stranger. Helifted'his soft felt hat.' . "Richard Barrymore is my nephew," he sajd; "I have just .returned from Colorado. His mother was my sister. I have lost sight ; of them for ten years. I came homo a month ago and all '-this time I've been tracing this : nephew of mine. A nice hunt I've had and in mighty queer places. He's been very ill, I hear." • , .V Very ill,", said Nell gravely. " But he is better: He is to leave us to- morrow.". r > "Could I see him ? . I know it's not visiting day and all that, but perhaps: you'd make an exception in my favor ?'J: ■ The" stranger spoke withia slight American accent. His manners were somewhat brusque, but Nell' liked,his face and his eyes were kind, . she thought. ' • • . . ' • ' " Oh, of course, of course; under the circum stances," said the doctor; " and as the patient lias really recovered, we may say. Step into ; myrooni and I will send for your nephew. Nurse, perhaps you'll tell him as you are going up to the ward." : : "Shall. I mention your name?" asked Nell, turning towards the stranger. V'Yes, there's no-objection.; He has pro bably forgotten me. I've not seen him sinco he: was quite a lad. Here's my card," he added, handing her one and taking in with keen eyes the grace of. the little -figure—the beauty of the small delicately-colored face. "What a child to be a nurse. Looks like a : bit* of Dresden china," he said; somewhat gruffly, as.the two nurses went up the broad , staircase. "She looks young, but she is older than her looks; a-clever little thing, too," said the - doctor approvingly. y ' " She's one of the new-fangled lady nurses, I suppose," said Geoffrey Masterman; "I bear there's quite a crank about it. ■ Girls all crazy to be one because the dress is picturesque and tliej' look like Madonnas. Stuff and nonsense ! What are their mothers about, I wonder." • . "The mothers of the present day," said the doctor, y " have little influence with their children. : They aire all too enlightened to heed warnings or believe in an older ex perience." , " I woildcr what this precious nephew of mine, has made of his life," observed Geoffrey Masterman. "" He was always a bi t cocksure as a boy,: I/remember. His mother, poor soul, spoilt him a. bit. ._She thought there had never been a boy so gifted and- intelligent and so morally perfect. Itis those wonderful boys who always go to the wgll.", . ' He put his hands into his pockets and strolled up and down the room waiting for the appearance of the "wonderful boy" who had achieved manhood in these years of absence and fortune-seeking. - - r : When the door opened and. Dick -entered he stopped and stared as if he had seen a ghost. "Good heavens, boy! How you've changed." ' he exclaimed. " And how like you are to your poor mother."*' -. ■ : He took the thin, emaciated hands Id his own and wrung them with' a force of affection that made his nephew wince.") His eyes took in the sharp outlines of the features, the ivorn, thin frame on which the shabby clothes hung loosely. " \- A queer choking sensation rose„in his throat. . He thought of the_ dead mother who had so loved and believed-, in her son. Perhaps death ■ had been kinder in closing those adoring eyes to a change so heart-breaking. - : • "I'm very glad to see .you, Uncle Geoffrey," , said Dick presently. "I know I look an ' awful scarecrow. . Please , don't look so dis tressed ; I've been very ill, you know." "Sot I. hear," said ; Geoffrey"!Masterman, clearing bis throat and beginning, his'restlesa walk once more. ' ; . The doctor went out of the room and left the two men together. 