ABOUT THE CONFERENCE. BY THE CHIEL, ' METHODIST RENDEZVOUS. Such is the Centenary Hall, xork etreet. On Tuesday evening, the open ing of Conference, a vast crowd, repre sentingthe church from thenorth, south, east, and west of ; the colony, assembled WlbUlU IW WftlAH, cruwuiug tuo 1XUUI ttUU galleries. It was a grand sight ! After prayer and the roll-call, the retiring President, Rev. W. G. Taylor, rose to giv6 his addresB — an address which proved worthy of the man and the occasion. In its preliminary there were sweet references made to the Queen . and her record reign of sixty years. As 'the President in his own way voiced the . sentiments of Tennyson — Revered, beloved, Her court was pure, her life serene ; God gave her place, her land reposed ; , A thousand claims to reverence closed, ; In her as mother, wife, and Queen— ; the people en masse rose and sang, as only loyal hearts can, the national anthem. The spontaneous outburst of loyalty touched the lachrymatory springs in the head of the President,, and moved his and all hearts to pray Vive la Heine. The succession to PRESIDENTIAL HONOUR by a magnificent vote fell to the lot of the Rev. J. Woolnough. Yerily he merited the elevation, and right nobly throughout the Conference did he sus tain the position with dignity, tact, impartiality, and goodwill. In return ing thanks to his brethen, speaking of the chair he was called to occupy, he said that to him it was crowded with ghosts. The ghostly figure again and again re ferred to, was crowned by a returned missionary who related a story of a procession of skulls in baskets, carried by women, himself heading it, and the digging up of corpses, which minced up and mixed with bananas, provided a snlendid Bauaaere for a heathen feast. In c ? ? ? ? o ? ? ; — ? the midst of ghosts and skulls, the writer thought he could see John Wesley resurrected and sitting on the floor of the Conference against the plat form in the face of Father Langham. The face of the new missionary bears a striking resemblance to tbe picture of Wesley, long familiar to us in the old edition of the hymn book. FRATERNAL GREETINGS. Not from the dead, yet speaking, not from the living at a distance by letter and telegram, but by the living present, speaking out of a warm, sympathetic, and intelligent heart, always forms an interesting element in Conference pro ceedings. On this occasion it was not behind former times. The speakers, of \phom there were five, vied with each other in their expressions of brother liness. The Cornish member of the deputation, Methodist born and trained, though now the pastor of a leading Congregational church, was very happy in his remarks. The incident of the ' Close hugs Will'm ' took splendidly. The reply (ministerial) somewhat lengthy, yet thoughtful, was spark led up by a trio of illustrations, viz., the rainbow with its seven-fold blending colours, the world's belt of beauty, and God's pledge of blessing — the ' hand strong to grip and mighty to fell— and the shield held forth and the banner born aloft, having on one side a cross and on the other a crown PATHETIC TOUCHES. The obituary notices of the deceased native ministers read and spoken to, the proceedings . fenced with hymn and prayer, was touching. Bro. Davis, as he spoke with head thrown back and hand uplifted and with a face which Bhone as if he saw within the veil of the glory -land was a picture. The pttbUCLlUy DUUV1UUB VUUA7 UL JJLU* Langham added to the solemnity. The missionary from Fiji in his speech, aB he recalled the memories of the , sainted heroic dead, and told the inci dents of Wiliami, weighted , with four Bcore years, waiting for the call of Chief Jesus ; of Carmichael, who iu his dying delirium, rushed to the help of the wrecked, with his wife after him, crying ' O Willi Come back!' and the rescuing his own little Harry from a watery grave, were emotion stirring. The pocket cambric had again to be drawn from its place to wipe j weeping eyes. The kindly reference made respecting Fathers Wilkinson and Oram, whose ministry covers 60 and 50 years respec tively, was pleasing and touching. . PLEASANTRIES. ' A little fun now and then Is relished by Conference men,' The risible faculties jweze occasionally disturbed as the result of a bull, lapsus linguce, fupny expression, etc. The ' venerable missionary secretary led the way when, in announcing the missionary meeting, he said ' the Rev. William Brown would be there, and other Browns, and bring your brownies.' One brother, whose rotundity is of con siderable measurement, said that he deserved two votes when compared to another brother whose physical propor tions are of the lean kine. The Presi dent, in speaking to the Methodist members of the deputation, said ''We all love you ; some of us love you so much that we could marry you ; and some of us love you so, as to regard you as , a sister.' ' What . did the Baptist members of the deputatiou think of the expres sion, ' One faith, one Lord, and one baptism ? ' One of your senior minis ters tells how on one occasion he was asked to call and baptise a child, but not being able to go, he directed the good woman to the Baptist minister. Mr. President, said one brother, as he rose to his feet, ' I rise not to speak but to say.' INTELLECTU ALITIES . ' The intellectual side of the brother, Mr. President, lacks development.' So said one in his oratorical flight of a member of the Conference, whose laugh, caused by a lapsus linguce, slightly interrupted him. That the intellectual side is much developed was greatly evidenced in the debate of Methodist TTninn. Snmn of t.rifl nn&Afthan; wpiro masterful, keen, analytical, logical, and conclusive. Strong, intense feeling pervaded, not only the floor but the galleries of the Conference. As one brother spoke, a leading Primitive Methodist was seen to hurriedly retire from the gallery, muttering something which caused the people to look round. What he said I should like to know. Nature added to the solemnity : for as the vote was about to be taken the building gloomed, the thunder pealed, the lightening flashed, and the gladden ing rains fell. While doing the harbour in the Lady Manning it was the writer's pleasure to have an introduction to the MISSIONARY SISTER. on furlough from New Guinea- I ventured the remark that it was verv noble and heroic of her to quit home, society, and the many features of our civilisation which help to make life worth living, for the heathen fields of New Guinea. This remark was at once modestly discounted. Our life ie short, she said, and we ought to spend it to the best advantage, specially in view of the hereafter. From her I learned that the natives in many respects mentally are dull, but in others not so. It is difficult to teach them arithmetic. They have a fashion of turning everything into rhyme. Here I got a specimen. Something about the mission house and the washing of clothes. Were I to remain in the colony, she said, which I do not intend to, I would give myself to missionary work in the sparsely populated parts of the colony. This 1 could do, she re marked, either on bicycle or on horse. As; I listened to the young lady, she little thinking I was making mental notes, I thought that our honoueed Church from its inception has been blessed with a succession of grand women. May the bright succession run ! An invitation -was given to the members of the Conference to visit the children's HOME. and to partake of ! tea. This divinest philanthropy is carried on under the direction of a committee of Christian ladies. The matron of the Home, whose genial and affectionate disposition wa,s strongly evidenced, was spoken of in the speechmaking after tea, as ' heaven-made.' Raikes Baid, ' he loved God and little children.' The matron is in the succession. - UpBtairs in that wonderful picture gallery were to be seen seventeen bright, bonnie children. My attention was drawn to a little dark-skinned, woolly- headed, - ear-orramented girl, who is known by the name of Apron, and also to Sydney Knight, innocent and chubby -faced,, upon whose cheek at least one member of the cloth imparted a kisB. As I looked at those two forms of children, I thought of these words, ' When thy father and thy mother forsake thee,, the Lord will take thee up.' May this Christliest of all Christly work receive the heartiest support of all who call) themselves Christ's. 