Snap-Shot Philosophies. [By J)odghncttcajie Adam ] At-the late Annual Show -—It was fortunate for the less skilled artists *' J. Jobspnj?'didn't pilfer _f<y competition. His in motion were Al, BO also hia pencil child's head. . MisB O. Grey's- exhibits-.(also not competing) stamped this young lady as a h<;iUer_who ^onltj hold her own— Fifine / ifeulohs classification of sub- Put somebody on T the job who Mr. "Walkeden's crayons—statuette on pedestal and profile of lady, both done ^ith- oae chalk, apparently^—were the ^ofc- the -collection '•m the human figure. The eye in the latter subject was ito itself, and spoke volumes.. If this esoecBB, ana is wor«i "prowing." about, t ffi^ydttlJaS { s^trfblUifaedWrecord now in. musicians,- vocal and instruir ental, iUv -enea^ert juid preach et^, cricVetors. rfk'^yerS T 1 c'htfrc'ht;S, firsbckEs hotels^ ard danc£ra r _and undoubtedly holds it with its le^jdaiorp. What's the next nfi^ng'ot'sea arid landscapes in 8 c<mroefej;tiOTi fr^ »bsjird. - ' T^ie foreground and| mist treatment of "Scarborough . ' was splendid but how ^W&sej;'the sfaip-ia full sail, heiiding towards (and oh the locks apparmystifying indeed. The panel oil was a gem. The nmeliand-paThted cards (1st) were A j U m o n e y s liaven't been t^ffown'a^ay wich-this Artist; nor with Jtha.third T exhib>t either. pes*"' beien^ separated "th'o ungn^^l/l j stormy scone w^^i^a^l^'haVei^jedir 1 displace^ with " first." ! *Brown Kas' aslAd ifie—" What'fcice setting of eggs from, the ganders %,t' Show ?" and recounts the Davy Ifithgow . okt^e. ".th«y were Ihi ^mart^ripsrtee Raved him "jlrit^ fpr "the crowd,?' anyhow. It was the- other^fellow who'hadto «Jieli ©tat The recoird member of the Debating Society, Nick Simor8," gave' his second record paper last meeting on Australian poets, and recited from several of them. When. jron -.want it warm the vulgar claries oon8ign you to "old Nick," who isn't Saint Nicholas- but in this case it's: Get Simons to work if you want an into! lectual treat. Tha recent pupils' concert is best reported as " a triumph for parents, pnpils and teachers," The " Bravo, Barton" from the audience was a richly deserved compliment for teachers, pupils, parents, And public are grateful to him for this- plea$ikrabl6 musical organization and its/ collective re>.- aulta. . . Here we have a general public taste gratified of the marked abilities as a songstress of Mr a. CairnB for instance—but previously awarded to obscure sectional local functions only, and the progress of her pupils—scions of district families, in whom we all take at. interest, more or The instrumental ins tractive capabilities of Miss Scott and the progreBs of her pupils ; and the large field covered by Mr. Barton himself in the string and orchestral numbers, displaying at the same time the rapid progress of " his lot." The aggregate results being appreciated by every listener. There was a marked addition ia the attendance noticeable, and fully •'representative!" The advent of the first offspring of musical friend, absent in Western Australia. was recently wired to him aB follows "^New instrnment just unpacked, female voice, powerful in tipper, notes. Can raise -a perfect hurricane on tho high e-'s." . _ . ' - „ ' —o— I" •- • An appoaj fJCBa recently produced-iiio following results c—-; . *'* " " Only another b&by; jpresenied to the State for its keep ! ' Only another mother defrauded, pauperized, and labelled—*• For scathing reproach !" Only another scoundrel' encoUraged by " law " to commit further depredations ^ society! ' ;J And Bnch is " government" by the licensed might of technical caprice. It's nice, my brothers,- very, but nasty in results, eh ? You would be "hail fellow well met"' with all. W<all, neither speak nor act beyond the intelligence of the times, and you'll scoop the whole banquet, as well aB the conventional" bun." In fact to do both beneath that " intelligence " is better •still : it gives the multitude a show to chip in with and (heer you ! Man, know -thyself," saith the old ge. " Don't worry, old man, till yon know thfijmongrel who's on top !* saith the new. Have you desire to laugh and grow fat?" rhen never miss Hudson's troupe. Laugh ! Why I know a fellow who's been at it ever since, He laughs by the day as well as by nights, He laughB while he works, and loud while he writes, He laughs in his dreams, he laughs in his sleep. Not loud perhaps; but long, and deep— ' very deep." • He laughB while he prays, as well while ho He laughB till he cries, and dispels all his cares, And I think he'll keep laughing till the trump calls the host, And, by George, I believe he'll laugh at -.Jlis: ghost. Then keep going, boyB, in and all round your hat. In garret or hall, in fact till you're fat! I What a powerful contralto in "Miss Elliot" Fanny Carandini couldn't beat: her, and she was the finest who ever trod Australian beards, not even excepting Belle Cole. Miss Elliot being youug wili develop any amount of sonorousness yet. And Miss Stanbridge; tie manipulation of her pretty mouth alone was music, and her singing most seductive. And then thj poetical understanding of Ida Ilosslyn. Great guns! No wonder men go mad— J she'd havj been the girl to fetch old Saint Anthony. He would have been heavily handicapped, anyhow. For negro delineation Hudson himself cannot be beaten, and in the Irish comics his artists clear tie table. Oh, you could go on extolling the troupe's individual as well as collective abilities for a week, and' still come up smiling after each new effort. They are all BO tip- top. Port Pirie has beoome famous (or infamous) in its production of those shortsightcd gentry—Single Taxors, and now I hear of a petticoat convert operating maqfvlly in a distant sphere, but more of her anon. W. T. Carter. Wesleyan minister, WBE the inspirer of all the " trouble" in those powerful flights of oratory of his many years ago on the blessings of free trade and non-private ownership of land, Carter was a epecially gifted man who (had he plied his phenomenal abilities diplomatically) could have become the leading light of W^slayanism in Australasia. b"ut lie difiu't, • > - He could speak, preach, and pray with powerful dignity (none better) especially pray, andBO w^V-that he could inspire an iconoclast <(aftf»c Ijhe sentimental " prayingto order" jimcVapkiwris had t»bn eliminated from the prayer that iB.') Well, it was Carter (like Hugh Gilmore of tbe city) who put the match to the totd heaps in Pirie, and thus established its " fame " or its " infamy " in that respect The Single TaxerwuB mentioned was a Miss Howell, -daughter of tie erstwhile village blacksmith " of Pirie's early days. Many, old and young, will recollect the family. The daughter man-Jed and settled down Port Lincoln way, and having imbibed the "-Modern AToses'" piir.ciples—the Land for the People via Single Tax—she' goes about " preaching that gospel," with the view of establishing the Kingdom " down here, and earning the final Kalutation—" Well done, since ye have done it (or stri ven to do it) unto the least of "those Here's to such women—hy God inspired flcite's acts by Him desired ! Here's to their God, whose cause they own * - - ;Een'( to their facts which He laid : down amongst you, ye have done it unto nit, enter thou, <£cc." This tip-top woman doesn't go about scooping personal houour, glory and renown by seneational treatment of "effects" which are of nofte effect for either God or Humanity—tr&ifanent; \- which Bees each personality and -what each requires, through glasses " dimly," but always preaching the principles of emancipation physically, socially, morally, mentally, aye, and irfrit^aZ^i/ for all ! She Duys llenry George's books from her own purse and distributes them gratis and can-entertain (as she frequently does on the other side) private or public assenton "that great The Land Ques- Critic—" Where did you get the idea for that poster picture ?" Painter—" Oat of my, bead.*' Clitic— " You must be glad it'ri out.'' 