Old Doctor Ruther= Bv D. F. Hannigan. In one of those quaint-looking, cage vork houses, of which only a few decaying" specimens now remain in Dublin, lived Doctor Humphry Rutherford He was so old that no person born within the past three generations could form even a general estimate of his age. He lived apart from society, and wore a costume that brought the minds of those who saw him back to the days when Jonathan Swift was still an infant in arms. He was, indeed, a queer old man ; and no wonder that some of his poorer and more superstitious neighbors regarded him as a restless ghost who had come back to revisit the scenes of his former life. That oldfashioned peruke, those curious-looking shoebuckles, those ruffles, recalling the reign of Charles the Second, had nothing in common with the latter half of the nineteenth century; and so, if most peopie avoided bam as something weird, uncanny, and phantom-iike, they were, after all, only acting upon one of the most universal and deeply-rooted instincts of human nature This strange old personage had only one servant, who, curiously enough, was of foreign extraction. His features were of a tawny hue, and there was something of the Zingari about his entire appearance. He was far from being as old as the doctor ; and yet his thick hair was quite white, and his rlarV skin was creased with wrinkles. The name by which his master called him was Hafiz, apparently indicating that he was a Persian by birth. He was, indeed, the only connecting link between Doctor Rutherford and the outer world; and it must be admitted that very little, if anything at all, could be ascertained through him concerning his master's private life, for a more uncommunicative type of a servant never existed. The Doctor had long since ceased to practise his profession openly, though he spent much of his time in compounding strange mixtures out of ingredients, some of which had been for many years in his possession, while others were produced by Hafiz, his duskv retainer, at some chemist shop in their immediate neighborhood. A laboratory had been fitted up for this purpose in one wing of the house ; and the old physician, as he bent over the vessel in which he heated the mysterious decoction, might not inaptly be compared to an alchemist, eagerly brooding over his marvellous task of transmuting the baser metals into "o! 1 But, in truth, the Doctor's experiment was even more daring and far-reaching than any of the feats performed, or supposed to have been performed, by the believers in alchemy; and, incredible as it may seem, his efforts had hitherto been attende 1 with success. The old man had, m my ye irs before, conceived the idea of prolonging nfe m leh liteiy by judiciously extracting the vitas propjraJs of plants, and combining them wi'.i tne essence of the most potent minerals. Tne notion was not quite original ; an 1 modern science, if, indeed, it h ever seriously entertained it, had discarded it as a wild and baseless dream. To Dr Kuthe 'ror 1'.; minci, however, the possibility of repellm >- th • aoproach of death had presented itself as something quite wit inn the scope of the physician's art ; and the great a,<e to which he had al- ready attained seemed to show that his speculations were not entirely chimerical One evening, in the month of October, the doctor was engaged in his f avorite occupation in the laboratory, while Hafiz respectfully watched his movements in the background. In the midst of the silence, which neither the old man nor his attendant seemed disposed to break, could be distinct!v heard the simmering of the peculiar! v"-shap?d antique-looking vessel suspended above the glowing fire. All at once, the Doctor, lifting up the corner of the vessel, and peering down into its interior, uttered a hoarse cry of alarm. " Gracious God !" he exclaimed, " what is this? The Elixir his lost its natural color. It is as red as bio id I" " Nay, master," said Hafiz, pronouncing the words with a foreign accent, " von must be wrong, I swear. " By the Dr jphe:, von must be wrong 1" " How dare you contradict me, sirrah?" burst out the doctor with an expression partly of anger and partly of fear on his withered countenance. " I tell you, knave, I see my fate in this mixture to-night." Hafiz grinned, but speedily stidel any tendency towards mirtn, as he scanned his master's face. " Perhaps there is something forgotten," he said at length. " No, no," said the Doctor ; " I have put m all the ingredients. What can it be ? I cannot have made a mistake ; and yet—and vet—" He paused, and starei into the fire with glistening eyes. " Were it not better, master," Hafiz venturned to suggest, " not to touch a drop of the Klixir to-night ?" " Nay, you white-livered rascal," rejoined the Doctor, with a contemptuous sneer; " I ami ^ not afr dd of consequences, I have sunered too much during my long life to shrink from what most men call disaster. II 1 have gained a lengthened lease of life what has it availed me ? My years, for nearly two full centuries, have been but a dreary waste." As he uttered the last woeds, a deep sigh came forth, as it were, from the caverns of his aged heart. The Asiatic, now assuming a more serious look, advanced a few steps, and rather diffidently asked: " Might I, too, look at it, master, to see if it is all right ?" "Yes, Hafiz, you may look; and then, perhaps, jour shallow brain may realise that 1 am not laboring under any delusion." The keen vision of Hafiz quickly detected (hat his master had unconsciously distorted (he fact, when he said that the mysterious contents of the vessel were " as red as blood " They had, certainly, an entirely different color from that which they had always exhibited before, on similar occasions ; and the impression conveyed by a close inspection was that the compound was gradually assuming a crimson hue, which, when it began to cool, might be easily mistaken for blood. "Now Hafiz are you satisfied?" said Doctor Rutherford, as the Asiatic drew back with an almost imperceptible shudder. "Was I right or not in thinking that a strange transformation had taken place in the Elixir ? " . Hafiz was now genuinely alarmed. " Master," he said eagerly, laying his : warthy hand on the Doctor's arm " drink rone of it to-night. Some demon has turned it into blood ! " " Folly ! Folly ! " said Doctor Rutherford, with a frown. " I have carefully compounded it ; and if any change is to come to- night, it must be part of Nature's inscrutable designs and cannot be averted by human agency. As for me 1 am ready to meet my destiny. By the use of the precious Elixir I have lived more than two hundred years, and I will not cast it away now, whatever mav befall me." "But —hut - oh! dear master," said Hafiz, vuh trembling lips, "what if you should die ?" "If I should die?" repeated the Doctor, with a ghastly smile. "Ha ! ha ! ha ! and what then, Hafiz? What is death? Release from the bondage of the flesh the emancipation of the enslaved soul. Is life so dear a thing to me that I should choose (o dwell imprisoned in the body for ever? Have I not told you more than once that in the scroll cf Fate there is affixed to my name these cabalistic words: 'Through death i:e shall regain his lost happiness, and even from the grave love shall bloom again ?' Ah ! Hafiz what a thought to be reunited to one without whom the world is a desert and existence a curse ! For this have 1 lived- -for this 1 would gladly die. Yes, yes, the Elixir has been my friend, my sustainer all these years, and to-night, perhaps, it may brin°me that happpiness I have vainly yearned lor. The goblet, man -the goblet". Hasten, hasten ; I can tarry in suspense no longer?" The Asiatic dared not disobey this peremptory command. He rushed over to the corner of the laboratory, and, snatching i:p a silver gcblet, beautifully chased^ silently handed it lo his master. Then, at a g est in e fie m the doctor, he removed the vessel irem its position over the fire, and poured into it a geedly portion of the mysterious fluid. As the old physician raised the gcblet to his lips, its contents bubbled up in crimson : globules. '1 he doctor's dark eyes flashed from beneath his shaggy eye-brows with almost the fire of youth. "The time has ccme'?" he murmured. "•.Even if I should lose the' great gift of extended life, the fruit of long research and 