{ OUR COUNTRY SERVICE; [FROM OCB CoiiRF.src^DEsrs.1 OASJLEMAINK. TUESDAY. : Rural Docoxal CIiaptbk.-The chapter ol the Sandhurst rural deaconery.ivas' held here to day,-there being representatives from all the churches in the diocese. A vote of thanks was passed, to the. Acting:Pre:oier for.proclaiming a day of prayer for rain. Archdeacon: Mac-Cul lagh gave-a- congratulatory- address to the neiv rural.d.ean, Rcy..E._A.. Crawford, J-i.'A., and in doing so, referred with regret' to the late rural dean, Rev: .T" Garlick. The Rev. W. . Sadlier was elected chapter clerk in place of the Rev. E. A. ;Crawford. -It was. decided to place a suitable memorial in All Saints' Church, Ben digo,* to the later-Rev.- ' Jv> Garlick. In the. evening, at Christ Church, afuil choral service was held.; A- sermon, in -memory.of the late Rev. J. Garlick was preached by the Rev. W. ? C. .Sadlier .from-' the words'-'.' He was a good man and full'of the Holy Ghost and of. faith." r ~ - MYERS'- FLAT, T-iTr.sD.\Y. Tin; TURF.-A meeting of the officials of the Myer's^Flat Racing Club was held last evening, j .Correspondence wjwrcad from: the Sandy.Creek Club - requesting - co-operation - of - this club j towards.. the' disqualification'.of W. .AI inter, j junr., the rider of Stanley at the recent meet-, iiig of the former club for foul ar.d suspicious riding. -The' action of the club in ordering the disqualification was recognised ^-j»s being well ?. deserved .punishment, but seeing that the local and other district.- clubs holding-non-registered meetings have.no code of rules to guide or pro perly regulate the conduct of race meetings, it was deemed' advisable for the present not to I take .action. .It. -was, .however, -'decided to [ suggest that the Myers' Flat'Club favorably, entertain;-- any proposal- to- -formul.vie.-!K) asso ciation to supervise future ' gatherings, and extend its.heartiest support towards such an object. - The secretary reported that from ex periences gained at. last and. former meetings .several very . desirable -improveme- ts were needed,, and the. stewards recommended .that a number of crooked trees be removed from the view of the 'course, ,and-that a quantityof sand bo placed at each side of the.liurdles.(whiclrure nowbeing- specially' made). Improvements to 1 the course are . gradually, . being, effected after each meeting,1 and the . liext promises to be better provided for so. far as.'.convenience to' the contestants, are -. concerned-, and ifor- the, comfort of the patrons, who may- rely upoira-good meet ing on 20th inst. Social--The Myers* JFIat quadrille.assembly ipnounce;- that- fJje-.autuiun-.,.seasoii. has com menced, and socials will be held at its hall every Thursday evening.' " " 