LADIES' GOSSIP. "RAINY DAY CLUB." WHERE'S MARLEY'S GHOST ? A FEATHERED WIDOWER. "SADDEST SIGHT OF THE CEN TURY." WOMEN IMPEACHED. BY "RITA." You have heard of "Sunshine liuds and "Fresh Air Clubs," and clubs for almost everything being formed In one place or another for women? "Well, the latent is a "Rainy Day Club." "What- ever for, do you ask? Our sisters at the Antipodes have formed this club to en courage women to wear dresses at least six Inches off the ground on a wet day. The "at least six Inches" gives one the impression that white the dress may not be worn lower. It may be worn higher. I certainly think some of the notable ladles connected with the club might have inserted the words "nor higher than" whatever the limit decided upon Is. It is funny that some women have not enough sense to take their dresses out of the rain without the formation of a club, whose mission it is to empha sise the desirability of not mopping up tho water in the streets with one's skirt! Still, these various little coteries direct attention to matters that in the maases. wont reforming. While six Inches would be eccentric In thu Indi vidual, : In. a club It is quite another matter. I hope my readers will note the formation of the club, and without waiting for a branch to be opened here, venture to lift their dresses well— per haps not "at least six inches." but en tirely off the pavement on a wet day; or, better still, keep a wet day gown that is clear of the ground. I venture— very timidly and respect fully, to be sure— to ask my brethren of tho pen what has become of Marley's Ghost this Christmas? i felt that -there was something left out of the literature of the season, and discover- ered that Marley's Ghost -has not walk ed I Why ? Has there bcon a conspir acy amongst tho writers to lay the ghost for one Christmas— surely for the first Christmas since It stalkcd-or has It been forgotten ? If the former, I am sorry to have broken silence on tho sub ject, but It Is your own faults, you should have taken me Into tho game. If the Litter, cut this out nnd paste It in your diary, where you will see ft In time to trot forth the "spook" In proper time next season. It is a great shame that a tltnld female should have to resurrect a ghost nil by herself, in order to fee! th'it the proper thing has been done by h. The ghost, no doubt, expects to be taken out, and many of us expect to hear the latest news altotrt him at tho time wc eut our Christmas pudding. Here is some true pathos for you if your heart is in the right place. About a fort night ago tlieru lived In blissful ignor ance of tho approaching season a goose and gander. At Christmas one was taken. Butchered to make a Christmas holiday! Daily since the gander has mourned loud and long. All Christmus morn, when "bells had tolled to church," and tlie voices of worshippers Boated out Into tlie balmy air, chanting about "Fence on earth, etc." tlie gander kept up his dole- fut note «.»f mourning— and if any of you have hew-1 the note you will agree that It Is haur.bitigly nwurnful— as though ho would ask, "And what about the feather ed tribe, O, ye Clirlstlana?" At every other sendee It has been the same, and hourly the air has been pierced by the wiiil of tlie gander who will not be com forted. Now, It never struck me before that the Christmas goose might mean so much mourning. Perhaps others have been equally thoughtless. I do not know that it is necessary to forego the Christ mas goose, but tho gander might be com forted. It also strikes me that though many things have been said by various writers about the Ctirlstmns gome, tliat the partner who 4s left behind has not yet received proper consideration. Here is jit once a tragedy and an Idyl waiting for any poet! The foregoing paragraph reminds me that in Knglond there is nn association to which the Princess of Wales and many titled ladles belong, which has tor Its nilson d'etre the suppression of cruelty to small birds. The ladies pledge them selves not to wear birds nor their plu mage, because of the suffering It means to the feathered tribe. With thoughts of tho Christmas goose ns an Rngilsh dish, It seems "straining at a gnat and swal lowing a camel," don't you think. I am also reminded to say that an old gentle man of my acquaintance told me that ho thinks "one of tho saddest sights of tho century Is to see women otherwise refined sitting down to meals to tear a dead animal to pieces with metal Imple- mcnls." I admitted that It Is Inartistic, but reminded him that a Higher Power had settled the matter by creating woman an animal- nnd carnivorous, when she might have been mode with wings, and able only to subsist on tho fumes of man's tobacco. Alno. that It would be much sadder to see her without an appetite. " I suppose you mean," he returned naively, "that we men ore more unnecessarily inartistic than your box?" "Exactly," I replied, and thought Utile more of tho matter till I received a letter from a friend In another city tell ing of our critic's arrival, and tlmt tbo state of his health for some time had necessitated tho diet of "slops," I.e., In valid food. I alwnys wonder when I hear of people enunclntlng tho same Ideas whether they cannot enjoy their food, that they substitute such fads for It. A pretty wedding took place at "Mil ton," Flemlngton road, North Melbourne, the residence of the bride's parents, Mr and Mrs Lemmon. on Wednesday. The contracting parties were Miss May Lemmon, youngest daughter of the family, and Mr Hope Oliver, contractor, of ICatgoorlle, W.A., eldest son of the late Mr Alec Oliver, West Melbourne. Tho Rev. Mr Wndc officiated. Tho bride, who was given away by her eldest brother, Mr R. I/ommon. wore n very pretty cream Indian muslin ami silk, trimmed with blonde lace, with a bridal veil and wreath, and carried a shower bouquet, Viola and Agnes Oliver, sisters of the bridegroom, were the bridesmaids, and Mr Webster acted as best man. After the ceremony Mr and Mrs Oliver depart ed for Adelaide for a three weeks holi day. after which they proceed to their homo In tho West. The bride's travelling dress was a ruby cloth, with silk vest and cape, with hat en suite. The guests spent a pleasant muslcil afternoon, light refreshments Ixdng served. Tho bride's presents were numerous and handsome. 