MODEWARRE. The Jubilee was celebrated here by -what -was intended to be- a monster picnic, but, owing to the inclemency of the weather, the State school building had to be resorted to. The rain clearxag off, however, the people, both old and young, commenced to roll up in numbers, and by the time arranged by the com mittee for the first spread (half-past twelve), the building was crowded, when the good things provided had ample justice done to thein. AH turned out and engaged in games and other amusements till time for spread number two (at half past four). '1'he tables were again filled, and for an. hour or so the waiters were kept very busy looking after the wants of the crowds that kept pouring in. "When the children had partaken of the delicacies provided for them, Mr JL Shekleton, after a few well chosen re marks re the commemoration of tie Jubilee, presented each child attending the State and Sunday schools with a medal and bag of lollies.. In the evening agrsnd limelight entertainment was given bv Messrs Eriusmead and Deutry, of Gordon College, which was greatly appre ciated by a crowded house. After singing the National Anthem, cakes and sand wiches were banded round to all, thns ending a very pleasant and enjoyable day. Much credit is due to the committee, and especially the ladies, for the able and satisfactory manner the affair was carried out. The Bev. jl. Shekel ton officiated at the Church ©f England .Jubilee on June 27, when he took his text in the morning from the Kevelations, iii.chap.,3-S verses: " I Inio-.v thy works: behold I have set before thee an open door, and no mitn on shut it; for tuou hast a little strength, ur.il hast kept My word, and hast not deaied 3Iy name." As the Christian Church hr.d a small beginning, so the Chnrch of England in "Victoria, in the early days, had but little strength; but as it was faithful to Christ, had " kept His "Word." and " not denied His Name," He had " set before it an open door," with great possibilities for its future. The day of small things was not to be despised. Last Sunday they thanked Godfortheirnational prosperity and blessings. To-day they had to praise Him because He had so abundantly blessed and prospered the ihureh. He then outlined church work from 1S37 to the time the diggings com menced in 1S51, especially the first few years alter Bishop Perry arrived in the colony. The subject v.-as continued in the evening from the text, Acts ix. 31: Then had the churches rest throughout all Judea, and Galilee, and Samaria, and were edified; and walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost were multiplied." "With the church now, as with them, it was not the rest of idleness, or lack of work to do, but-in the more settled parts of the colony at least-comparative freedom from the difficulties and hardships of the early days. After giving an interesting sketch of the history of the church in Victoria for the last 50 years, and a glowing account of what it is in the present day he showed what great cause they had for thankfnlness to God for what He had done for the church, and for the blessings and privileges they enjoyed. The position ought now to be like that of the churches of Judea, Galilee, and Samaria of old, " walking in the fear of God, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost." 