CRICKET. COLEBAINE V. COLLEGE. (By Sound.) On Stnrdty I found my way to tbe College1 ground, being &oxi; >U8 to see what I xpcted would he an interesting gome. In thifi T waa disappoiu'ed, as the visirors, doubtless for wanr of practice, h-d cot the ghost « a show aeamst tb® stnd-nta, bnt ereo at their best would not, I think, b® ®ble to easily conquer the team oppesei to them. Looking on at the gam®, the pre®nc® « f that stalwart m-mber of tbe o'd b igade, Pet®r Fe rt®r, recalled to mind th® tim® when for two je&rathe; CoUraine Club b"ld poueiwinn of the Murray Challenge Cpp, and w®re deemed invindble by any io the W®stero District. Gr-at Scott ! thsy had a t®am io thuto -'ari, when we need, as it wa" jokingly r®mark®d, to have to play against som® twen y-six f®et of F®mer, tbe four brotb rs, tbe trick trnudlsr Watts of that ilk, whose left-hand deliveries whipping acmes tbe wicket, nude th- best of us k®ep "on goaiii,n and against Bensoo's express messages. Wfaat trouble Masgrove us®d to give us to dislodge him, how splendidly Donc&n; Johnson lor g- stopped, and bow 41 Bollocky would atouewolL Io th-se days herculean Peter looked on no etrok® as pond nnl®ss be lond®d tbe b11 nntdde tb® enelosur®, and al hough he considered " dovs " as an abomination g®nerally managed, before the® w®re put on, tog®t well into double fieur®s. Qow be would amite poor Hnmpwey Bioomfi®!'!, mk» bim take off his bat, bec<ime urnre determined, and send th®m d wn fas er than ever. And Cross too, who bowled the great W.G. first b»ll at Warrnambo'd, fGUndli® could never rene&t; the performance at Peter's ex- p®ns®. Of all that g'laxy of <al-t-t Peter is the only on® to s'ick to the old clob, and on Situr- day, a'tbough hi® trok-s lacked the old power, he still minag®d to now and again ' get 'be wood on," alio to send down a few puzzlers wh®o put oo to bowl. Bat, like mine, Petal's limb are no longer as supple as tb®y used to be. I susp®ct that on Su»day it was a c<s» of " Oh \ my eta s, how stiff I do feel," for, as will be seen by the sabjoin®d scores tbe v®t®ran did a lot «<f go «d work and showed tbe yocugBters that there was life io tb® old man ret. Thinking of th®>e old j layers I could not help contrast 'Og them with th-ir success n -n-l I cannot s«y tha« the oompaciton was «t all flattering to th® latrer wh®, I wasBCxry tolea'd, lack tbe eoeoaragment form®r)y so liberally accorded by th® pe pie of C leraioe to di®ir local repreii-nt-tiven ip the cricket field. In the old dT8, there w«iold be a crowd of onlookers at every match, ladies would be seen wearing tb® colour of the t'Jub, and Tytberleigh, uf coff®e repnt®, woold be prepared to back the l<>cal team at odds of ten to one on, with, I am glad to say. f®w taken, real cricketers not being ®o p»tial to oontaminating a grand game by iodulging id finaocol speculation thereoo. Nown-diye th® crowd, as' a Yule, consists of & f-w men. many bojs, and no ladies, and it ii the presence of the latrer that incites to noble de-da. In case, however, I may be misunderstood, 1 t me here say there is talent in th® team which was beaten on Saturday, it «nly. requires deyelophttr by a good " ooch," and encouraged by more pnter®st being taken in their flo&hgs; by tbe people of tbe town in which ihty re-ide. "Wow "for a few words abont he game itself. Going in first cm « batsman's wiek®t, the Col- I -guns managed toTun'up a score -of 114, to wards which A. Nicholson cn&tribated; 37 by a c pital dispUy, and vonng Moon 22. The latter also played exceedingly weli, but must refrain from jumping backfrom a l®g ball and "chop ping" it HCrn&s; his wick-t. Ranjitsinhji also hid this foiling t firat, bat -got .rid of >t, we are tald, bv p'ing bis nght foot to tbe grounflT Consequently M<ion need not desp ir. Slb-T- berg, who, appirenriy, can hit any ball not going for his !®g stnmn. hit op 14 in double qcick time. He must bave a keen eye for business, hut mostlexrn bow to gbde -aod not swipe out blindly at tbe kind of ball mentioned. Let bim practise defence and "he Will yet excel. Undoubtedly <he most promising hat«m«n is little Wreadbnm, who,' when etanddog alongside J. or P. Furrier, looked a veritable midget. Hia 15 w«e got all roond tha 'taukeVond I believe he will yet be the bed bAtsman in bis family, which is ' sayi' g a lot. J. Ferrier 5 for 36 taps j tbe most succs-fnl bowler, bnt I have sen him io better form. Hill took 2 for 22, and triuT probably the most difficult to play eo longasjbe-. restricted himself to medium pace. T. Womb- well and P. Ferrier first represented at the wickets, vqn£ jbonlta, chiefly to -Ferrier' lifting . POfeg.lWdf van , up the score '. 33. WmJobwefl was the first to qoit after scoring 12, He ia a bit of a ffconewaller, psnial to tbe draw, which he could make more efif c'ively by more folly facing he ball wit£i t)«ebt, wnd wi'h a twit-t <>f the wr>st glide i' awaf, at 'pleaent he shows too much edg®. 'H»vngiiBobredt-26 very q ickly Ferri-r wa< well caught in the field by 8w®etnam. Und"ubt®dly this was a goo l be- g'nning, but after that ta® batsmen did liot go into stay. Wonlhy showed sotMoeeain just reaching double figures, which' xncinded/'W sweetly pret'y hit to «-qoare leg. Hill mad4 Jv And all were out for 66. or 48 tothe bttd. W. Ferrier bowled 6 for 28, K. Niriiolson, who promises pe>L 2 for 33 .andoewas run out," only tea mien batting. ' Io their ceoond innings the OollegUnsloet 7 wickets for 173, Pmcy Jngnm splaying a mi ket-lke innings lor 32, . cibpwinjg tbe full face at the tmt top the' s&ight; ones . and ; scoring well on the '-on : side, on tbe off ride be onderent at every ball .-through not watofaing the flight as be eboiild bsVe do»e. Giren tbis and 'he wffl soon become dfioient at that stroke. ' 'Moon wgun plsyed roty well for SO. : ' Little WDodbarnmneeaiote showed the g"od stoff he is made of, and «aas®d -a bowler p.t'tcularitood : at nu-drtviug, «corsd 30, and a.fiicbiili« ibltliiril aii'oiit. J. Frertpr.4 for S6l.raujhe onfy faroler vjto ob- tainej more -than X wlckct. . ' It msj be aidded tirat bdtii teams w«s bot- fii'ably eotert.ined at lunch by Mr. Workman. cla ed faey hadfaid a reryoaeantiostipg. ' bbanHOLME 'BSBEES. -'' Tli !'mirtb',we»'ifcreSidlino olub 12 nnd k sirrafar ygtoeK-jet j&ffxeat; rfefffr bom For tto tichssM®o«aIdMrf.-$f' % sSS|i®pl prindpal sooreis, LUlie bowticg 6 wickets foe U and Dr. Maem!Uan5 for 32. Tbe Lends Department has refused to in- azvase the ares of our cricket and recreation ground, H being already 141 seres in extent. Mr. Armstrong's trophy is to be given to the bowler securing tbe best avenge during tbe season, 10 wickets to quality. HAMILTON Y. HAMILTON COLLEGE. This match will take place on Saturday &®xt on the Hamilton ground, at 2 p.m. Tbe fol lowing will represent Hamilton C&venagb;, Destn-e, Fase, J. D. Ferrier, A. Eennsn, Mel-, vilte (2), Moon, J. Patt rson, H. Bippon and Thorpe. Emeigencies— R. Hennan, J. Brows. COLLEGE Y. il BACK YARD." A match will take place on the Hamilton cricket ground to-morrow afternoon between tbe Academy and Bade Yard Cricket Clubs. Tbe teams are as follow, viz. : — Academy — K®nsn, Latham, Lord, M'Luckie, Melrille, Murphy, Parramore, Philip (2), Smith, Thomson. Emergencies.— -Campb U, Bnuntree. Back Yard.— Kennan (2), Melville, Destro®, Row, Mueller, B<ppoo, TTiUiamson, Thorpe, Donnon and Fase. ' 