CHAPTER XL VII.—ELYSIUM. Quick to think and to act, Bora Craw field knew that he was cornered—that there was not a ghost of a chance for the success of his scheme of making' Elsie Sterne his wife. He could not understand how he had been so cievea'lyJmcLcUUb^ dying thousands of miles away—here he was back at Blairwood, and apparently in improving health. "I owe this to Grant, curse him!" he thought. "I understand his warning now! He has beaten me with my own weapons. If I ever meet him again, it is his life or mine!” “My lord,” Captain Campbell said, “I 'Will not now press you for the payment you promised, and I give you crediL for knowing in your own mind that I was ii not Castlemon, but Harry Campbell. j’s iWhen I betrayed my knowledge that t you were a murderer, I knew that you would try to kill me, and was prepared for you. The man upon whom you in tended to shift the crime was present, and saved me from the well. I do not know if it is Sir John’s intention to ■punish you for drugging and kidnapping his daughter, but while forgiving you •for assaulting me, I intend informing the police of what I saw in the Park on the night that Zeba’s cottage was de stroyed.” “Tour accomplice, Grant, has lied,” re marked Sir John. “I would advise you tto do the same. Tou are a young man, clever, wealthy, and of the highest social • rank, but your future is blasted by your own wicked and unscrupulous mind. Though you richly deserve it, it would be inexpressibly painful to have your •agony intensified by a weary trial before . a gaping crowd, and we agree to give -you twenty-four hours in which to leave the country you have disgraced and dis honored.” “As much to escape an expose of your own scandal as lenience towards me,” sneered the abject wretch. “There is no scandal in Sir John’s life,” ! -Interrupted the clergyman. “I am the ‘ -man who conducted the ceremony which . c/made Miss Sterne’s mother a legal wife. You have been imposes upon in every “There was a touch of sarcasm in Mr Lawson's tones, and with a tierce impre cation Lord Crawfield turned and hur ried away—out of their lives for ever, witli Kemp, the pompous butler, and his valet following: close behind. What terms they made with him for services rendered will never be known. Meanwhile, Lady Helena had fainted, and recovered at least half a dozen | times. The expected annuity had melted away, and she did not at all relish the manner in which Sir John regarded her. At last she fell sobbing at his feet, and was toid to leave Blairwood Park that “You shall not face the world penni I less,” Sir John said; "but I will not have one element of discard under my roof an instant longer than is necessary, no to some hotel or just wherever you please, and I will send you a cheque for five hundred pounds. After that I wash my hands of you, ungrateful woman that you arc!” The party left tlm church and entered the carriages that had returned from the Blairwood Arms, and so great was the joy upon every face that any passing stranger would have vowed that there had been a happy wedding. • ■ At the last moment, however. Noel ex pressed a desire to walk .with Eisie to the Park rather than ride, because, the exercise and the sweet, fresh air. would help to banish tW lingering effects of tlie narcotic that still clung to her system. Upon this Annette suggested that she ; should ride on the box beside Stretton. She did not mind it a bit—in fact, she would enjoy it. The requests of the young people were smilingly granted, and, when they were alone Noel caught Elsie to his breast in a.mad, passionate embrace. “Oh. my darling.” ho said, “I can hardly believe that all this is jeal yet! But yesterday we were in darkness and pain, and now Heaven itself is opened | to us, and we are bidden to enter.” She answered him with a kiss and a happy sigh, and they walked together, clinging tightly all the way until they came to the embowered lawn. which Noel called the "Court of Love.” Again did they recount all that was beautiful in the past, but the most bliss ful moments that memory recalled paled before the exquisite jov of the shining present. Though the reader may anticipate pretty accurately what became of the people who have played their parts in this story, he or she would feel a little dissatisfied if the author neglected to chronicle the actual facts-in black and white, so I will gather up the threads and lay them before you. Lord Crawfield took the advice of Sir John, and fled to the Continent; but. not in accordance with Sir John’s advice, he was breathing vengeance against Grant, whom he still believed bad duped him. Though he searched for tlie lawyer for many weeks, he met. him at last ac cidentally. to he shot dead on the instant by the man whom lie was seeking. There was no malice or premeditated intent to kill in the lawyer's act. He was simply frenzied by fear, after being chased over Europe by a nian who had sworn to take his life. Then Grant dis appeared, none knew whither. The blow was a severe one to the pride of his wife and stepdaughter; but Ade line Cleveland consoled herself by mar rying an aged and impecunious lord, who gave to her the shelter of a digni fied name in lieu of ready cash. The gentlemanly Mr Kemp was forced to leave Blairwood somewhat hastily. To his-disgust, he was paid his claim against William Stretton in full, and saw his hated rival reinstated as head gamekeeper. Then the banns were read at church by the clergyman, and there, was so much malice in his heart that a little of it huhhiedj-frot.u .his mouth. This liaci tVsru rtliislm Lu'ciislike 11 ii ?V,J ail - -A 1 the very day that Stretton and Annette were married the gentlemanly Mr Kemp j was tarred and feathered by a few who j had feasted not wisely but too well.- He fled, and never came hack again. Meanwhile Sir John had adjusted his accounts with the readjustment of his mind, the result being that an accumu lation due to his sis ter. amounting to up wards of a hundred thousand pounds, was transferred in a proper and legal manner and to the satisfaction of all parties, with the reservation that he de ducted every fraction of the money paid to Captain Campbell when he was known as James Castlemon. This was Insisted upon by the captain himself, who settled down as a model husband, and industriously employed himself to the shrewd investment of his wife's un expected wealth. And all this while Noel had been work ing slavishly, his 'time being about equally divided between his studio in London and Blairwood Park. In five months he had painted half-a dozen portraits, and the picture that was to make his fame and fortune had been accepted by the Academy. With-this-great news he arrived unex pectedly at the Park one morning, and Sir John greeted him with, a merry “Here again!” he said. , “Noel, my boy, I think that you had better set up your studio here. If you 'are not con sumed with impatience to go in search of Elsie. I would like to-say a few words to you.” “I am listening, uncle; hut pray don’t he long. I have grand news myself. My last picture is accepted, and I-" “Well, well! I will be brief. You and Elsie are to he married next month, and ■: nan'-nry-years young head and strong hands to hell) me in the management of my estate. I love Elsie, even as much as you do—in a dif ferent way. I love you lad. because—” Tears gathered in his eyes, and Noel grasped his hands. “Uncle,” he said, “your will is our law in these things. I should hate to take my darling away from you, and nothing will please us better than-” “Better than what?” interrupted El sie, suddenly entering the room, her face radiantly lovely with the great happi ness that had come into her life. " Why, -nothing will please us better than to make our lidme here after we are married, sweetheart,” Noel conclud ed, laughingly, as he kissed her blush ing face. “It is papa’s wish, darling.” Elsie ran to her father’s arms and kiss ed him fondly, saying: "I never want to leave you, dear papa—never!” "Only for a little while. You must have a nice honeymoon,” he smiled. “And 'that reminds me that there is a big box of wedding presents for you from Captain Parker and liis wife. Now tiiat I am satisfied I will leave you to your love-making. I see that Mr Law son is coming across the lawn.” Sir John left them togther to that in effable bliss which the true and the tried only know. (The End). Neatly Turned.—It is not every mail who knows liow to compliment a woman gracefully. The following dialogue took place between a very pretty lady singer and a celebrated composer who is by no means addicted to flattery:— “Tell me. my dear maestro, which would you like the better, to be blind or deaf?” “Deaf, madarhe, when I ant looking at you, 'and -blind when I hear you sing!’ 