THINGS I.V (JESBKAL, An amusing story—declared to be true —is told about a tea-meeting in it little country town not far from Gundagai. The local preacher announced from the pulpit that a tea-meoting would bo held during the following week, and that the charge for admission would bo one shilling, dono”'S free—meaning that thoso who contributed to the feast would not be charged for admission. A young man came with his sweetheart, and tendered a shilling at the door. The doorkeeper demanded a shilling more. “ But the preacher said that ‘ donahs ’ were to go in free, and this is my girl." The door keeper tried to explain, hut the young follow, though be paid the extra bob under protest, rather than be considered mean, observod, “ I novor know a preacher yet who meant what ho said." Whisky maybe cheaper in fraetrade New South Wales than in Victoria, but it is doubtful whether its quality is up to the Victorian standard. Horo we don’t usually get beyond Hiiakos and blue lights, whilst the following incident points to tho existence of something more thrill ing at tho bottom of a New South Welsh bottle of “ spirits ” :—Two constables went to an empty house, formerly an hotel, at the corner of Clisdel and Dawson streets, in a part of Sydney known as Strawberry Hills. They were attracted by a dark figure on the doorsteps, which they took to be a vagrant. As they approached, the figure vanished. The police went iuside the building aud struck matches, when on tho stairs the figure was soen to riso in an airy fashion and vanish. It was only two yards from the constables, who searched tho room. On leaving they saw what they regarded as a ghost pursuing. The constables hurried into the street, and an extensive police hunt for the figure has since been made. Tkoconstables described the figure as of tho mo3t extraordinary appearance, with a pair of flappers like a seal; the upper part being enveloped iu what resembled hags." Tho latest dog story comes from North Wales. Every year there is a competition at Carnarvon, in which a prize is oflored for the most intelligent sheep dog. A sheopfold is erected with a very narrow entrance, and each dog is given three shoep, which he must get into the fold, the prize going to the dog who performs his task in the shortest time. There is one dog who has won tho prizo year after year, but at a recent competition he was so severely handicapped by the refractory nature of his three sheep that he lost the prizo. Ho managed to get two of the three sheep into the pen, bat tho third completely set him at dofiance, and oven turned upon him and tried to butt him. Thon the wonderful intelligence of the dog showed itself. He placed himself between tho sheep and tho pen, and at every rush of the sheep he backed nearer and nearer to the entrance, so enticing the sheop forward, until at last tho dog actually allowed himself to be butted right into the pen. The sheep followed him in, and the dog sprang over the sheep’s back and stood triumphantly in the entrance to prevent his exit. 