Astounding Locomotor Ataxia Care. DOOTORS PRONOUNCED CASE HOPE LESS. HELD TO BE SO BY MEDICAL MEN THE WORLD OVER. A PROMINENT SYDNEY M.L.A. BEARS TESTIMONY. (From the "Australian Workman.") Our representative mode his way to tlio home ol Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Orown- lane, Ultimo. Mr. Jarvis is one of the best known residents of that thickly populated suburb. He was discovered nursing a baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: " You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?" " About five-and-lialf years ago I met with an accident; I was badly eoalded while takiog a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. From the date of the accident my health began to fail, and after four years of pradual develop ment of Locomotor Ataxia I was forced to give op my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones iu two in every part of me. 1 bad no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was inces santly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. I saw a well known doctor, and he told me that my case was ut terly hopeless. "I came home and vent to bed, and have been in bed pretty veil ever since. A few weeks ago I oould not walk across the floor; in fact, I oould nof get out of bed. I felt then that it nag all over with me, and only a ques tion of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor waB attending me, and did all he could, by morphia pills, to eaae the agony I was in. I waB under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was Buffering from Locomotor Ataxy, or Progres sive Locomotor Ataxia, a disease of the spinal cord, oharaoterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I migfet last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs." (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy, to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) " Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in England, which I read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr. Wil liams Pink Pills tor Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case whioh seemed to fit my own. I determined to give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effeot was magioal. I was able to eat and Bleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I bad for many a day. It was icoredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. When taking the fifth box, I was able to walk about with the aid of a etiok and was gradually but surely recovering my former vigour ana vitality. You see those cratches there 1 They are perfectly new, and I have never need them. They were made for me before I got the Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and I dont want them, and now I dont want them." Mrs. Jams, who bad come in and taken the baby on her knees, said Dr, Willi&mt;' Fink Pills saved his lite and mads another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a short time back. " I oan now," continued Jarris, " have a oold bath, and all the feeling has oome back in my legs. I expect shortly to resume work as a boflermaker, and yon know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day that I have : been at any time during the past five years. I asoribe all the ohange and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in'no pain now whatever, and teel like a new man. On the mantlepieoe there is a box of Opium and Morphia PillB vrhioh the dootor gave me to deaden the pain. But they oan Btay where they are, for I no longer need them: Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can bardly believe their eyes. Uy being about again has cansed quite a sensation here." WHAT MB. LABOR-LEADER M'GOWEN KNOWS Mr. 3. 8. T. M'Gowen, M.P., leader of the labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly, w«s also seen in connection with the remarkable nase of Mr. Thomas JarviB. He says he has known Jar vis from infanoy. He also knew that he bad to give up hia work at the Olebe Island abattoirs owing to a malady which he developed. Be afterwards heard that Jarvia was bedridden, and that there was little chance of recovery. He understood Jams was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as hia case had been pro nonnced incurable. Mr. McGowen waB, there fore, like everyone else who knew the facte, as tounded at tbe complete reoovery of Jarvia. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People do not stop short at tbe ours of locomotor ataxia; they positively cure rheumatism, ecittiuB, lumbago, and neuralgia, and in fluenza's evil after effeots, and are a speoifio for all diseases of women, suck as aaamia, poor and watery blood, female irregularities, nervous headache, and hysteria. They are not a purgative medicine, but brace op and per manent'; strengthen the whole system. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (postpaid), on receipt of atampa or post order, 1 box for 2s 9d or balf dossen for 16s 8d. 