Sermon. To Work the Works of Christ By Ret. J. S. Pollock, Retiring Moderator Presbyterian General Assembly. „ . Preached in "WickLam terrace Presbyterian I •Church, on opening Queensland Presby terian General Assembly, May 3, 1897. Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that helievcth on Mo, the works that I do sbaB he do nlso; anil greater work? than these shall he do, because I go unto My Father."—John xiv. 12. These were part of Christ's words of com fort to his disciples. Ho had made what to them was a sad announcement, "Little children, yet a little while I am with you. Ye shall seek me; and as I said unto the Jews, * Whither I go ye cannot come,' so now I say to you." But, as He looked upon their saddened countenance?, He added, "Let not your heart be troubled," and gave reasons specially why they should not be troubled because of His going away from them. They would lose aight of His form and miss His voice, but as a compensation, and more than, com pensation, they would enter upon the enjoy ment of greater privileges than had been theirs before. His going away was a neces sary condition of the spirit's coming, whose office it is to quicken the word of Christ in the heart of the believer, and cause it to .bear fruit in the life. "When He tie Spirit of | truth is come He will guide youinto all truth; for He shall take of the things of Mine and show them unto you." Tn virtue of His holy office, the word of truth becomes tho seed of action and character, "Springs upward, brings forth fruit, in some thirty, in some sixty, and some one hundredfold," or, as onr text puts it, " Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that bclieveth ou me, the works that I do shah he do also, and greater works than these shall he do becuuso I go unto the Father." In dwelling for a short time on these words we shall arrange our thoughts by noticing: 1\. That Christian faith leads to a Christ like life. 2\. That in some respects the work of Christ's people is a greater work than that of Christ himself. Ana first we notice the fact that true faith in Christ leads to a Christlike life. The certainty of this is expressed hero by our Lord's usual emphatic phrase, "Verily, verily, I say unto you." In this matter He would say, There can be no room for doubt. "He that believeth on He the works that I do shall he do also." It is plain that more than miraculous works j were hero intended. It is not historically true that the disciples performed as great, much less greater, miraculous works than Christ. But if "works" be. taken to cover all the distinguishing labours of Christ, then it is true that greater results did and do still follow the efforts of the servants than the if aster. But to return to the point before us. It is maintained that the works of Christ are still the Christian's works. Thero is more than resemblance here, there is identity, a taking np and pursuing, on the part of the disciple, what the Master began. The Acts of the Apostles form the sequel of the gospels, and the history of the churoh since the days of tho apostles is but the continuance of those earlier chapters. From the days of Christ to the present time, and, as it will be until time is no more, a common spirit, aim, and effort, enlivens, directs, ana engages the children of God. "As thou has sent Mo into the world," saith Christ to His Father, " so havo I sent them into the world." And what He came into the world to do He briefly expresses in. another part of the same prayer, when ho says, " I have glorified thee on the earth." God, through Christ, was manifested. "The only begotten Son who was in the bosom of the Father declared Him." Men learn to know God from Christ. Conceptions which are of - faith arc fraitfal things, most of all our conceptions of the divine. "This," saith the Great Teacher, "is life eternal, that they might know Thee the only true God and Jesus Christ whom Thou hast sent." To make God known to men—that was Christ's business, and having learned of Him, that also is ours. Part of Christ's work, and in some aspects of it, was purely personal. "Ho trod the wine press alone> and of the people there was none with Him." "By one sacrifice He hath for ever perfected them , that are sanctified." When He cried with a loud voice as He gave up the ghost, "It is finished," nothing throughout the ages could be added to this | self- accomplished work. Ho was, and is, land ever shall be, the "one Mediator be ! tweeu God and man," "tho Lamb slain from the foundation of the world." But a3 wo affirm this, who shall say that the cross of Christ has no great lesson in the way of awakening likemindedness in us ? • Who shall say that the great principles of divine I lovo which lay behind Gcthscmauc and Calvary nro not meant to shape our lives, and through us, spread to other human hearts and lives ? To separate ourselves thus from Christ, is to lose sight of the greatest principle of our holy religion. .Remembering that Christ is crucified for us, ler «s not for get that it is also tho will of God wo should b? crucified with Him. Tho miud that was in Him must also dwell iu us. This lies back of all other things. Wo can bo of no use to Christ, or to the church, or to the world, in winning it back to God, without this spirit; but in tho measure in which we possess it-arc we' fitted for CkristlikoworkJ Paul put this rightly first in the order of account he gave of himself and his lifework, I am crucified with Christ, nevertheless I live, yet not I but Christ livcth in me, and the life which I now live in the flesh 1 live by tho faith of the Son ~ of God .who loved mc, and gave Himself for me." "With Him it was not a matter of official. posing, the mere utterance of a delegate, when ho said, '1 We beseech jrouin Christ's stead be ye reconciled to God." He had a sharo of the Saviour's spirit, which led Him to endure affliction, and to suffer the loss of all things, if so be that men might be brought to the knowledge of God.:-4 There was a transference of the spirit of the suffering Saviour to the working apostle. He hod learned of Christ. Learned to lore men with that kind of love, if not in the same degree, as Christ loved them, and was thus qualified as nothing (das could have qualified him, to preach tho Gospel of Christ to them. " Who now rejoice," he writes to the Colossian Christians, "in my sufferings for you, and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Cnrisfc in my flesh for His body's sake, which is the church; whereof I am made a minister." This, too, we must learn, that if we arc to be co-workers with God in bringing men to a saving knowledge of Him, wc must begin where Christ begins. The Spirit of God and His Christ must bo incarnated i us. We mast have fellowship with Him in His sufferings for sinning and sorrowing humanity." Qualified by this spirit we are prepared to consider and attempt the practical duties of a j Christlike life. What these are oar Lord J has informed us by interpreting the. words of the prophet Isainh as re ferring to Himself. 41 The Spirit of the Lord God is upon me because He hath anointed mo to preach the gospel to the poor. He hath sent mo to heal the broken hearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised." How this commission was fulfilled by Him ibe gospels tell us. How the poor end despised flocked to hear Him; how the broken-hearted were comforted; how the poor lunatics and demoniacs were delivered from the bonds of darkness, passion, and misery in which they were held; how the blind had given to them the joy of sight; and the bruised and debased, physically and spiritually, were healed and lifted up we are familiar. But, brethren, are we not much in the habit of thinking that all this forms a closed chapter of lustory—a record of the past? That tho struggle of this bravest, purest, most loving, and unselfish of human souls against ignorance, prejudice, pride, and cruelty interests us only as students of his* tory, and, whilst commanding admiration evokes a feeling of regret that eo infinite goodness and wisdom should have met with so poor appreciation and reward? But the matter assumes a different aspect when we remember that Christ's life is not a closed chapter of history, that it is His will to accomplish His work in the world largely by His people; devoting, and sending them, even as He had been sent and appointed by the Father. "Withdrawn from human sight, Ho is never theless really present, working in, and by. all who are consecrated to the objects for which His own life was consecrated. "Go; ye," saith He to them, " and make disciples of all nations. . . . Teaching them to ob serve all things whatsoever X havfc com manded you.". To conform to these injunctions is but to obey the promptings of a renewed heart. Christ's commands—un , welcome, and in many things impossible of : fulfilment to one who has not His Spirit— will not be grievous to him who has. j "His meat and drink will be to do tho will | of Him who sent him." He will realise in 1 the impulses, sympathies, and deep-rooted desires of his heart, even more than in actual accomplishments, the truthof the Saviour's , words: " Verily, verily, I say unto you, he ! that believeth on Me, the works that I do | shall be do also." | The work of Christ in the world is only iu its commencement. "We see not yet all things put under Him." Heathenism and Mahomctanism still claim the larger share of the human race;- nor does the profession of the Christian religion in many in stances afford any guarantee 01 a Christian character. In saying this I am not thinking merely, or chiefly, of those who, bearing the Christian name, have their lives disgraced with evil deeds ; but of thoso who have not so learned Christ as to identify themselves with tho sins and sorrows of meu and to lead them to lives of self- renunciation and service. We have more than enough of the " save yourself gospel," more than cnouglfof the pleasurable luxury of sermon-hearing and spiritual self-gnitifi cation which gets little, if anything, beyond the point of thinking and sayiug, 44 What a grand sermon that was ! What a fine meet ing! How I did enjoy that prayer, or that hymn, or that bible reading." 41 The truth as it is in Jesus" is the truthof sacrificoand service —that, or uothing. Thank. God there arc those who have His us learned it. Believing iu Him, the'works that Ho does they do also. As He is, so are they in this world. Bearers of God's message of love to the poor. "Mindiug not high things, but condescend ing to men of' low estate." Benevolent; giving of such things us they have to those : who need. "Having compassion on the! multitude." Ever interested in all that i tends to make'men nobler and happier, whether tho means o? securing that relief and uplifting bo education, or politics, or sanitation, or church organisation. Sure we arc that every such effort is a Christlikc effort, in • harmony with His lifo and doctrine,-who whilst Ho sought, to direct men's minds to and prepare, them for another world, laboured and suffered . to alleviate the pain awl sorrow of human life j here. Such practical Christianity as con- j sists in humility, and humaneness, a sacred j regard for tho lifo, liberty, health, and I happiness of men, is that to which we are called, and of which we have the pledge in the faith of Christ in our hearts, " Verily, Tcrily, I say unto you, he that believeth in Me, the works that I do shall he do also." [to be continued jtext webs.] ' 