THE GENERAL ELECTIONS, In many parts of the colony there have been for some time past indications of the approach of the geunral elections. Many candidates have delivered their opening addresses, and are prosecuting a vigorous canvas throughout the elec torates they hope to represent. Mr Leake, the Opposition leader, in a speech at Albany, has issued an in dictment against the Government. The policy pursued by the Ministry up to the present is also open to criticism, and those desirous of securing the votes of the electors have no excuse for delaying further in publicly announc ing their views. A general election is always in its effects highly educational in a political sense. Questions are brought to the front and debated on platforms and in the Press that are little heard at other times. Public interest is thoroughly aroused and electors are called on to exercise their judgment in the interests of the country as a whole. A certain glamor is usually lent to dry-as-dust political questions by the excitement of political meetings and addresses that arouse popular enthusiasm. Men whose thoughts7 are not accustomed to rise above their own business or household affairs, on such occasions engage in heated arguments, quote statistics with startling freedom and have serious quarrels over the merits or demerits of economic systems and reforms. That a deep interest should be taken in public affairs is a very healthy sign. Over a century ago a celebrated British states man enunciated the maxim that "eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." That assertion is as true to-day as when first uttered. Too much atten tion has never been paid by the mass of the people to the progress and de velopment of the affairs of the State. The widening of the franchise can never be productive of the best results, unless those to whom votes have been extended possess the necessary knowledge to exercise their privileges intelligently. Electors ignorant of their duties and responsibilities cannot be relied on to be wise in their choice of representa tives. At the next elections the majority of those from the other colonies and elsewhere who have sett!ed in West Australia during the past few years will for the first time have a voice in the constitution of Parliament. In accordance with the provisions of the Redistribution .of Seats Bill, each goldfields district will be entitled to return one member, and although the fields still lack the share of representa tion to which they are entitled by their population and importance, yet the position of affairs has been decidedly improved, and in the next Parliament these eastern fields will have five mem bers instead cf one. These facts, combined with the many vitally im portant questions before the country, will make the approaching elections specially noteworthy in the annals of West Australia. In order that newly enfranchised electors may have full time to consider all the circumstances laid before them by candidateb, and to weigh the qualifications and abilities of the men who claim their votes, the sooner all aspirants for Parliamentary honors definitely declare their views tl:e better opportunity will be given for the selection of the best men at the polling booths. The most worthy candidates will court the clcS.tL and most ex tended criticism of their policy in the consciousness that therein lies their best chance of success. On the other hand, deficiencies may be concealed by the candidates who 'keep till the last moment in the background. The electors of the goldfields are, we believe, too enlightened to be deceived by such a strategy as the latter or to be in fluenced in the casting of their votes by personal pettifogging motives.- The goldfields do not need to be represented by men who aim at advancing their own ends, irrespective of those of the colony generally or who propose to further the interests of any one class alone. There -are men who have an nounced themselves for various con stituencies who have as yet failed to give the ghost of an idea as to their views-that is, if they possess any, which is often doubtful. In some cases they are utterly unknown in locai public life, and they appear to have no more claim for support than the candi date in the well-known comic opera As for principles I glory To have nothing of the sort ; I'm neither Whir nor Tory, I'm a candidate, in short. Intending claimants of Parliamentary honors cannot too early remove from themselves the stigma of being candi dates of this stamp. Every man who asks his fellow-electors to send him to the Assembly as their representative should have clearly defined political views, which he should have no hesi tancy to express. In addition to the elections for the Assembly, there are also vacancies for three members of the Legislative Council to represent the Eastern goldfields, which were formed by the Redistribution of Seats Bill into one electorate. The names of a couple of likely candidates for the Council have already been mentioned, and the time has arrived for the residents of the fields to pay some attention to the filling of these vacancies, as well as those for the Legislative Assembly. 