THE MERCURY. j in .--«seas BOBABT: MONDAY, SEPT. SO, 1SS7. EPITQMfi TlF NEWS. Heavy rain at Launceston on Saturday caused all outdoor aporta to bo abandoned A Jack has been appointed constable at Richmond There were 27 applications Public meeting Franklin Mechanics' institute this evening re Huon regatta G Kerr & Sons brat grand show of Parisian and English millinery to morrow Roberta and Co 's dividend for previous six months now payable Lutries for Butchers' Club spring meeting close on Thursday A man named Joseph TaM, aged 4G years, died suddenly at Zeehan on Saturday night Annual mooting Bleak o'Day Cricket omi Tburaday ovening Mr Joshua Higgs, chairman of tile Trevallyn lown Board, died at Launceston yesterday Deceased waa 78 years of age In homing match, Parattah to Hobart, on Saturday the first hvo birds covered tho ilight in leas than an hour Tbe time of the winner Heazlewood's Paris, waa 39min 54aec The old man accidentally killed on the Main Line, at top of the York Plains incline, was named Peter McGeo, altos ' Brumm} ' He bad been an old soldier, and was eccentric. Silver 2Gd Andrea's balloon sighted on the 14th inst Stoddart's team have left England for Australia Sydney Conference of Ministers of Agricul turo postponed until next month Antwerp wool sales closed Prices un changed Treaty of Peace between Greece and Turkoj has been Bignod Cavill has non the deep sea race in competition with Tyers by 40yds Disabled steamer Circa«sia towed into Queenstown All aboard safe The Potter Bellew performance of Fran clifton bas been a great success in London Oentrnl Wine Association ot Victoria awardod too Grand Priro at Brussels ISxhi bition Hev Aubrey Prico, of Clapham, lin.9 died from a revolver wound Some mystery attaches to the circumstance ef his death Fighting on the Indian frontier continues to be short, sharp, and severe, but by no means decisive I wo merabera of the Ballarat Typographi cal Socioty commute 1 for trial for alleged libel of a newspaper proprietor Bicycling 100 miles champion roadracs on Sjdney road Victoria, was won on Saturday by I uarponter, East Melbourne Club Barque Heronslea bound from Glasgow to Fremantle, has boon wrecked at Inaccessible Island Crow landed at Capetown Charge of conspiracy against Jules Joubert and tier bei t Saunders Hondt, in connection with Brisbane exhibition, has bei n dismissed Additional policemen have boon sent to Lucknow in view of possible difficulties arising over in reduction of free labour m placo of timn now on stnko II \l White, late assistant paymaster of H VI S Lizard, ha« boen sentenced to l8 months hard labour in gani and to be dis missed the service, for deficiency in accounts British Blue Book published showing that final settlement of the Behring Straits ques tun has boon thwartoi by systematic American obstruction W r O U Convention sitting nt Adelaida has passed resolution condemning injustice shown to women of Australasia by the Federal Convention It is proposed by Mr Frank Farnell, ULA of New South Wales, to form a com bined Australian Parliamentary toara to play the members of Houso of Commons who proposo coming from England THERE ia a very close resemblance between the political and the physical world, ia the matter of special nostrums and panaceas. Year after year new discoveries are made of remedies for all sorts of disorders, with the result that the world has to come back to "plain living and high thinking" as the only way in which physical and political health eau be preserved. Just now there is a run upon the refer- endum, and has been since it was supposed to have been discovered iu Switzerland by Mr. ADAMS, though it was known to students of consti- tutional questions many years before as being in use in that country, which has beeu called the playground and the teacher of Europe. Most persons acquainted with ancient history have known a great deal about the referen- dum as carried out in Greece and Rome, and they never had much to say in its favour, but rather held it up as an example of how a country ought to be governed. The people, to whom a novelty is always attractive, at once accepted it as a revelation, in which they were helped by a number of ignorant politicians, who did not know what it was, but sagely concluded that it had been adopted to settle disputes between two Houses, and thus avert those terrible things deadlocks, which are the latest delusion of the day. Our own Assembly, incited by ignorant J Ministers, showed bow the blind could I lead the blind, fell into the" ditch of finality, and so passed the referendum without knowing anything about it, and without having the faintest perception of the true principle underlying-consti- tutional government. Then, the Con- vention got huid of it, at the iustigátion of various uninformed politicians, but that body seems to have dis- covered that it was not quite what it had been described to be, especially as the smaller States saw that it meant the abolition of State Rights. Now we have a Miss TOMN in the Contemporary Kevicw, who has added her share of ingredients to the witches' cauldron of muddle and mistakes, in quite a lofty fushion, as if she know all about Australasia and its political developments. MÍBS TOMN, it appears, does not at all approve of the refer- endum aa practised in Switzerland, because it is legislation by the people I in the heat of a dispute, instead | of by two Houses calmly debating the I probable effects of any new measure. But, Miss TOMN, like certain other I English ladies, thinks that what is not good enough for Europe is admirably suited for Australasia, and so she advocates the referendum as a means of deciding disputes between the two branches of the Legislature. We are told, indeed, that " the referendum is imminent in Australia," which is more than we know here ourselves, but, then, if we want to be edified it is always necessary to go abroad. Miss TOMN'S idea is, that as a means of "circumventing an Upper House which blocks legislation" the referendum is an admirable device, though a wit has remarked that it is like buying a dog and barking yourself, which contains a more profound truth than will be gener- ally perceived. We are told that the beauty of the arrangement is, that in Australia the referendum de- pends upon the Parliament, whereas in Switzerland it depends upon the people, in which remark the " initia- tive" and the referendum seem to be mixed up. Sut, this does not surprise us at all, for nothing is more common than to find the most strange confusion and inaccuracy amongst writers on constitutional subjects, even in the English periodicals, for that branch of inquiry seems to have been but little cultivated by the ordinary contributor. We must not, therefore, be too hard on our local politicians when they flounder about in a Serbonian bog of their own making, siuce they can hardly be expected to be better informed than the persons, whether masculine or| feminine, who think that nothing is i easier than to show Australia the way. | Mías TOWN'S article naturally raises two questions. One is, do the Upper Houses require to be circumvented, and is it desirable that they should be circumvented ? In the Convention within the last few dayo we have heard a great deal about the sins of Upper Houses, but all the complaints have como from certain Premiers, whoso schemes have been rejected or amended. They regard the Legislative Councils as wicked and perverse bodies, but, then, if we con- sider a littlje it is probable that we shall find that the Councils have done the special duty for which they have been constituted. Indeed, but for the Council, it is hard to Bay what sort of legislation might have come into force in these colonies, seeing the way in which Ministers and Assemblies pander to the wildest delusions of the people, so that we should say that the Councils do not need to be " circum- vented " but to be mode even stronger than they are. Indeed, we know here that many of the accusations against the Councils are merely make-believe, as Bills are brought in which are never intended to be passed, so that Minis- ters may be popular while they do not haye to bear the odium of crude and even dangerous legislation. If the Councils could be "circumvented," this legislation would be forced upon the colonies, which would go from experiment to experiment, just as if there were no examples to guide and no history to teach what can and what cannot be done. As a matter of ex- perience, then, we may conclude that the " circumvention " of Councils is one of the things that we do not want. There is a delicious simplicity about Miss TOMN, characteristic of the minds of many persons who deal with constitutional questions. She does not appear to question the wisdom of having two Houses, as Sir CHARI,E3 DILKE does, but she is of opinion that the second Chamber should be liable to be coerced. In other words, having constituted a safeguard, it is proposed to remove it as soon as danger arises. Most persons are supposed to know that the reasons for a second House are to secure time for reflection, to pre- vent sudden decisions, and to make sure that a proposed chango is fully understood. For this reason there is not to be found in any Constitu- tion such a thing as a provision for a direct appeal to the people to secure a decision in a dispute between two Houses, because Constitution makers, so far, bave not been so foolish as to provide a check, and then to j make provision for its removal. This notable theory of constitutional govern- ment has found some support amongst a certain class of politicians in these colonies, and it seems to have found favour in the eyes of the writer in .the Contemporary Review, but it is, oi course, based on an utter mis- conception both of the facts of the case and the theory of constitutional government Miss TOMN may be assured, if she cares to inquire, that in these colonies we do not want to " circumvent" our Legislative Coun- cils, but rather desire to make them a real check on the follies of the Assemblies, to which end the proposals are to make the Councils stronger, not weaker. COUNSEL learned in the law have been debating in the Melbourne í ull Court the right of a teetotal justice to ad- judicate on a licensing case. Mr. Lormer, J.P., a pronounced advocate of Temperance, formed one of the City Bench, whoso duty it was to deal with a charge of Sunday trading preferred against the licensee of a Melbourne hotel, _ and counsel for the defendant; objected to Mr. Lormer adjudicating by reason of his bias against the liquor traffic. The Chief Justice granted a rule nisi, so us to obtain an authoritative decision on a matter of such importance, au aflecting the administration of justice. The arguments of counsel for and against I the rule are too lengthy to. epitomise. I but the suggestions made by the Chief . Justice are worthy of noto. He said that the law recognised that u judgo was not entitled to. utter confidence if ho had very strong viows on any one subject. The Jaw did not expect a judge to abstain from adjudicating on a subject ! in which ho was deeply interested, but if he quietly but actively forced that opinion on the subject it would be impossible to conceive that the ordi- nary layman would not consider that man biassed in his opinion. Tho more fact that Mr. Lormer held a strong view about tempérance was nothing, the administration of justice required a broad method, so as to save it from suspicion. Mr. Justice Holroyd held that every judge was interested in seeing a thief convicted, and to that extent had an interest in the conviction. The Chief Justice said it could not be contended that a man is a partisan because he wants to see robbery put down, but ho might wish to give eiTect to certain political aspects because he chooses to indi- vidualise himself.. He might have a special anxiety to make good certain principles which he held. Mr. Justice Hood said there could be no doubt what the public would think about a bench of teetotallers, and it might, therefore, be asked was it un- reasonable to raise an objection against one individual on the bench on the ground of prejudice. Mr. Finlayson. who appeared for the Crown, submitted that many people hold strong views, and because they hold those views are more strongly biassed to do justico to those not holding them. A person might hold very strong opinions on any social question or business, but that was no reason why he should be biassed against persons carrying on that busi- ness. To this the Chief Justice re- joined that Mr. Finlayson seemed to contend that strong general opinion did not constitute bias in particular cases. Argument pro and con was ex- tended to great length, the Chief Justice remarking that the man hfts_ never been born yet who had not bias of some kind ; but in giving judgment he said the Full Court had no doubt whatever as to the impropriety of Mr. Lormer's presence on the bench during the hearing of licensing cases. _ The Court thus endorsed the finding of the Lormer Inquiry Board, which, after much patient and elaborate investiga- tion some time since, found that he had adjudicated in cases in which he had strong bias or prejudice against one of the litigating parties, or against the trade in which one of the parties was engaged. Continued trouble arises from the fact that Mr. Lormer persists in taking his seat on the bench when- ever cases of the kind are set down for hearing. An endeavour was made to prevent him doing so by subponaing him as a witness, but_the discovery has been made that this is_ useless, It has been, decided that a judge or magis- trate cannot thus be prevented sitting, for if he could a prisoner might prevent his trial ever taking place. I IN the National Review there is an I article entitled " Golden Rhodesia-A Revelation," ' by Mr. Ï. Y. F. Blake, who describes himself as an American, and who claims to have had some experience in prospecting. The point of the article is,'that there in no gold in lihodosia worth working, to which is added the statement that there ia little agricultural land there of any value. On the latter point Mr. Blake has already been flatly contradicted und appears to bo wrong, and we are inclined to think that ho ia mis- taken in his conclusion about gold. It is based on what he affirms to be the fact, that the gold has been found only in isolated patchea^of quartz scattered over the country, which are quite superficial, and have been, for the most part, worked out long ago by some un- known prospectors, who may have carried some of the gold to help to adorn the temple of Solomon. The old workings, says Mr. Blake, show that the gold is in wlnit he calls pockets of quartz, .most of which have been .exhausted, or only a little left at the bottom of the holes. '_' The whole gold country," he says, " is exactly like a big plum pudding with the plums pulled out and only the holes left." This shows, he contends, that the gold was not in veins, for if it had been the workings would have taken the form of trenches, and they would have been carried to a considerable' depth. _ The reasoning will hardly carry conviction to tile minds of those fumiliar witli the peculiarities of _ the quartz forma- tions in Australasia, where the work- ings do not take the form of trenches by any means. Lodes have bean known to go down some hundreds of feot without extending to any great length on the surface, a fact which Mr. Bluke does not seem in the least to under- stand. We know, also, that for years the belief exibted that quartz lodes were always superficial, but that theory has been long disposed of, tnd at pre- sent no one is prepared to say how deep they do go. As for the ancient workings, they ure no evidence. Lodes have been worked and abandoned a dozen times over in these colonies, yet there is the New Golden Gate Co. flourishing in a place where deep working was said to be a failure. Rhodesia will be all the bettor for being property prospected, though, no doubt, there will be many bogus com- panies launched before thut is don«. TUE London Times publishes an Ameri- can official report on Australian Federation. -It is from Mr. Bell, the United ¡States Consul in Sydney, who hús always shown a very liberal spirit, and has spoken on various occasions strongly in favour of freetrade. The report is a very complimentary one, for it dwells on the general good sense of the people, and points out that the Federation movement is the efi'ect ot the clear deliberation of the people, who have resolved to become one. We j are all cool business men, doing au important piece of business in a calm and steady fashion, to the great edifica- tion of the whole world. ílr. Bell sees, however, that there will be great difficulties in the way, as there will be the local interests and local -necessities to study, and it is not improbable that they will cause a very great deal of trouble. He does not appear to enter upon any criticism of our method of proceeding. He sees no great difficulties in the way arising from dill'erences of interests or of race, but still he perceives that the local intcrebts will present problems that may not bo readily solved. It is worthy of note that he makes no remark on what seems to be the weak point in tile Federation proceedings, that of setting a number of politicians to make speeches so us to keep them- selves before the public, auch problems as that of Federation, which involve much compromise and almost endless moderation are hardly to be settled iu this fushion, especially when many of the delegates are ignorant of the fundamental principles of constitutional action, und are given over to all sorts of fads because tiley suppose them to be new. It is, however, satisfactory to lind our attempt at Federation re garded in so favourable a light, though by this time Mr. Bell may be disposed to think that we have not gone about | tho business in quite so practical a manner as might have been wished. He trusts that "federal power will be confined to federal ailuirs," but he over- looks the fact that there is a consider- able difference of opinion as to what local affairs are Herein lies at pie sent the main difficulty. Some persons think that the railways are federal ufiairs, but others regard them as matters of State interest and control only. The signs- point to much more time being required, to get a clear line of action. ' MILITARY MAPS.-A military map or j " reoonnaiaaanoo," on a large aoatc ol 10'in. J to the mile, and taking In the country from tho Shot Tower to tho vicinity of North Weat Bay, togethor with all tho coast lino as far na the aouth ond of Blackman'! Buy, j has jual been complctod by Colonel Legge, as part of tho work he volunteer»*! to narry out when joining tho Dofenoo Csmmittco this year. The work his takon some timo to do, owing to the iutrícate uaturu of the country, the number of homostea.de and the numerous ronde, tracks, and paths by which this district ia intersected ; but by making short trips of from ono to faur days from Ht. Mary's to Kingston, and working in all weathers, the survey was carried out. The plotting and " working in " bus been done only at nights after the day's work on tho eatato is over, and lins takon several mouths to complete. A eccond map of tho Proclor's road district and the Mount Kelson rangea ia well in hand, and a commencement baa boen made of a third, taking iu Nortli-Weat Uiy aud the approaches to Margate. When finished, these surveys of the western environs of Hobart will give infantry officers an intimate knowledge of the country in which they will some day pro- bably have to operate against an enemy's troops. _. j TENDER ACOKPTED. -Tho following tender baa been uccepled by the Department of Pabilo Work» :-Eead, Lower Sorell Creek to Biimirajt, contract 3, Hoare & Elliott, £21 4i. 9d. SocoEssFor, TASMAKIAKB.-The Mayor (Mr. J. O. Davies) Ima leceivod information that his son, Mr. C. B. Darlo, wbo went to England to study eleoliloal engineering in theestablishment of Megara, Siemens 4s Co., has beensucoosaful in his examinations. He passed the preliminary und ordinary examina- tion in one j ear, aud got a first-class cortiti oate la the ordinary examination. The son of Mr. W. H. BmgeBs has siso pissed these examinations. TRINITY COLLEOB, LOSDOX.-Mr. F. Bowden desires it stated "that tho namo ot Miss Annie Murray (00 per cent.)" was Inadvertently omitted irom the senior pass section in the list supplied us for publication on Saturday laBt. CITV COUNCIL.-The Municipal Council will meet to-day at the Municipal Counoil chamber, when the Following business will have consideration : - Reports from the various committees as follow : - Public Works and Waterworks - On letter from Mr. D. H. Kelly, re horse troughs, West Hobart, Waterworks - On petition from owners and occupiers, Albert-park, Moonah, to be supplied with water ; on petition from ratepayers and owners, Ford's-road and Wilson-street, re extra water supply. Orders of the Day - Alderman Seabrook to move. - That Constable Sheen do receive the sum of £10 as a reward for his meritorious conduct in the arrest of prisoner Cain. SOUTHERN 'IASMANIAN CADET Coars. The corps held a parade at the Military Barracks on ¡Saturday afternoon, under the command of M»j>r Watohorn, T.U.R. The oadets have settled well down to their drill, and from progress they are making promise by the time they got the uniform to be able co hold their own with the other corps of the colony. Pay and Quarter master-Sergt. a. J. Jackson was present to reçoive the first payment from the cadets towards their uniform. Ho was anBisted by Private Oldham, of tbo T.R.K. Ambulance Corps. Tho different instructors are getting the companies well up in the various move- ments. There will be anotbor drill on Tuesday night, also on Thursday night. On Friday night, ut the Town-hall, at 8 o'clock, a leoturo by the Rev. George Clarke, on the " Soudan Campaign," will bo given in aid of the oadet uniform fund. On Saturday a daylight parada will bo hold at ? the Barracks, aud ou Wednesday, September 20, there will bo a regimental danoe at the Military Barracks in aid of tho oadet uniform fuud. CITY POLICE COOIIT.-The Police Magis- trate (Mr. B, ühaw) and Mr. J. Q. Turner, J.P., preaided at the Police Court on Satur: day. George- Syauot was ohargod with naving disturbed thepublio peaoein Murray street on the 11 til ¡nat., and pleaded guilty. He waa ordered to pay a fine of Sa.,,in default 48 hours' imprisonment.' 'James Ljnoh, for being drunk and disorderly on the Alain-road, Now Town, on the 17th ¡nat., waa fined 10s., with the option of seven days' imprisonment. A PASSENQEU ROHHED.-Edward Palmer, a steerage puasonger from Mow Zealand by the s.a. Waikaro, which arrived hore on Saturday morning, reported to the City Police that on the 17th ¡nat. ho was robbed of a sum oi money totalling £21, whiob he oarried in his waist belt. Superintendent Pedder, aooompauiod by Sergeant Blakney, visited the Waikare, and investigated the report. An individual waa autpeoted, and his oabin searched, but the police were unable to find sufficient ovidenoe upon which to baau a uhurge, though they hud atrong suspicion as to who tho guilty party wai. RICHMOND.-AC tho meeting of tho Muni- cipal Counoil hold on tho 18th ¡nat., all the councillors were present, oxcopt tho Warden (Mr, W. C. Simmons), who ia at present iu Sydney. Twonty-auvcn applications were received (or the position of constable, the ohoice of tho Council falling upon Mr. A. Jack, a welt-kuown resident of the place. MISUAPONTHE UDOK-HOAD -A oorrespon dent write» :-'. AB au eye-witneBs on Sunday uf ternoon 1 noticed a lad on horseback riding down the liuon-road, and in front of him were about a doztn young follows who had been up tho bush for grasstree, whioh they were carrying. They hud not got off the road whin the horse shied at them, and both horee and rider fell, the latter coming off tho worst. Ho soon got on hie lege, and hold the liorao until assistance came from tho young fellows. Tho pluaky rider got off with a few scratches, and the horse escaptd unhurt, but it looked very Uko a miraculous escape." » iimi»uuiuuo cm.»in.. ÏUK YoiiK PLAINS FATALITY. - The inquusc, held at Uallanda on Saturday re luiive to tbu fatality on the Main t.ine, resulted In u vordiut that tho deceaBcd was accidentally killid by the up mall train on tho 16th lost. The old man's real name v. as Peter Al cUee. He had been roaming about the Uutluuds and Boas districts for yours, and was known by tho sobriquet of "Brumuiy." He uaually Blept m caves and hollow trees, and was generally re- garded as imbecile. He was an old auldier, who bad taken part in several campaigns end under different odour'. Hu liaU lought iu Algiers, in India, and was m the LmUu of ¡Sooiiou, and in many uf ihu Aiylmii froutier conflict», ila (mil be. i. in lue imbit of trespassing ou the rail*..y nae, and had been frujueutly tnrntd oil, and warned ty the permanent waymen. Ho was seen on the day of tho uccutent on tbo line by Jfermunent Wayman Maher, who tumid bim off. Aa líaiígor Kiohards waa walkioff hi« length the uext morning he found the dead body of the old man on tbo lino near 63J miles, just at tho top of tbe York Plaina incline. MoNioiPALtTr OF HAMILTON.-Notice 1» given that proceedings will be taken after nie expiration of 14 days against all persone iu the district of Quinilton whose municipal und road rates are unpaid. Action will also be taken aguinst owners and keepers of all unlicensed dogs._ CAMBBIUOB PLOCOHINO MATCH. - On Wednesday the annual Cambridge ploughing match will be held at in Belle alliance. A variety of ltema are included in the pro gramme, and all teams rtquire to be on the ground by 0 30 a ni. Ihe Richmond Band nill be in attoudaoce, aud if fuvoured with suitable weather the compétitions should prove interesting. Tua UnsBwiN CONCERT -Mr. Herbert Sherwin will givo a concert in the Temper anea hall to-night, not at the Town-hall as stated on saturday. 8.T.J. CUICKIIT ASSOCIATION.-The annual general meeting of MIL ¡Souther« Tismanian Junior Cricket Association will be held at the Mnsonla ball to night A lull attendance of members is lequoated. OATLANDS BAM> OF HOPM -On Monday, Soptombtr Id, the spring meeting of the B,iud was hold in thu Keohabite hall. A cuntata, entitled Aimon Jasper, was tendered by some 30 of the children connected with the society. The singing throughout was excellent, and was thorough!} appreciated by the audience, which ulled the hall to the duurs During the evening a letter from the late secretary, Miss Tapp, of the State school at Jiaatwood, wss lead by the presi dent, and tho beatty responso spoke volumes for her (the writer's) popularity. At the otos« of clio meeting the blmirmau (Rev. A. hwart) welcomed the new vice president, Mr. Loone, in the name of the committee, who feel they have secured a moat valuable helper. This WUB ah the initial meeting of the piesiuent, Res Kwart, wUo has ulready ubown lumeelf au energetio and tuitabtu leader of the association, now Urge nuil llourmlnng, A most profitable and en- joyable 11 nmg was brought to a oloae by all present joining in eingiug "Onwaid L/huutiau ijoiuiors ' A Wo.NDKiiKUL PHEPAIUTION.-Good now» for Corpulent People. Phvtolino Liquid and Tablet« ItcKlatorcd. Tho moat poaltlve Anti fat known. Entirely vegetable and positively hnnnlosH. For male and female. Young or old. Price, Üa. Liquid or Tablet Postage 3d. extra. Read what eminent Medical Men say about Phvtolino. Ita safety, ita power to eura Rheumatism, and keep the erstem tree from »¿ff yyarisa,VE , RICHMOND Post Orien.-In oar refer* I enco to tho Post Otlice »t Kiohaiond on Suurdiy wo should have said that tho 'Joveruincm piopoaeB to get offers of sites, not building«, leaving the peoplo to decide which site iliLy think beat. Tho intention lu to ci cot a° uew pott office, but the oost of Bite ia one ni lim elements in the calculation of expenso«, LiMKi.iuiiT I'xmniTioN.- A limelight ex- hibition will bo giveu in the Davey- street Cougrcgvtiuual .Sunday-school thi» evening. A vuritd etiaortmeut of views will be shown, ami reading!,, uougg and hymns are alto in- cluded in OK programme. ANTILL PONDX -The local Band of Hope gave a pk-uittnl performance at the State behool on Wodli sday night, I5th lost. The pieue Buleutf i wan Bluebatrd, Misses H. Cooke and H. Headlam taking the part of Ueliudu «ud Anno. Miss U. Parra- more sustained tho rule of Bluebeard, whilst Mien: a Tremor, Wilson, and Davis weio everything that could be desired as tho thrcti in.una. The ghost soeno caused much ainuni-ment | Misses M. Wilson, U. Trennor, (J. .-pployard, and M. Kirnan took the pirt ut apple gatherers, Master H, Davis m ii li. Pyle taking the part of tbo brothois. The accompaniments «ere played by MiT G. Cooke, The audience was well pleaeed, It being the first entertain- ment of the »ort our young people have attempted. (Jreat praise ia due to Miss Cvvke for the trouble she bad taken with the ohilduu. I'IdKON J'OSIIAO.-OU Saturday the Hobart Homing Society's match from Parattah took pluoe, and although the day was not at all lavouriiblo for fast flying, the record waa broken, ami tho distauoe covered lo quickor time Ui.ui auy recorded yet in tbiB island. AU the birdi m were good ones, tho first five being sho.vu uuder the hour, which fur 55 milo* must bu ounsldored good going. The raaulc waa au under :-Mr. U. Unnnlwood'a Parie, 3!)miu, 54sfO., 1; Mr. H. Holden'a Who'd-ha'-thüught it, S2min. llaec, 2 ; Mr. J. Ward'u Y»un¡> Wheedler, 53min. 4lBeo., 3\. Mr. J. Nimmo was timekeeper. TAILOKMAD« COSTUMES.-WO heroby Rive notiau that we uro in receipt of all tno newest patterns for Ludios' Tailormade Skirts, Vests und Jackets from the uontleman who acts as Cutter for the Koyal Family and tho princi- pal racmhuia of tim English Mobility, We nave also this conUomnn's newest work on Lud lea' Tuiloimade garmentf, with profuse illustrations and paper patterns. Wo are spnriiiu: no cxpuuse to ranko our department for Ladies' Tuilurmade gormonts tho most comploto of ila kind in Australia, and an our scale of pricos »ro notably lower than thoso of other fuller« in Hobart who do similar work, wo confidently ask ludios to plaoo thoir orders with us. Prompt cash only. G. P. FOT.IIRUAU> & Co., Hobart, Zoebau, Queens- town. 