J BUI. DARBY'S GHOST. / The Pink Chamber was the, prettiest , . rfoom in Crag Cottage. Mr. Westgate, the '.gentlemanly owner ef Crag Cottage, had expressed a mild approval of it, when Bella, jbis bright, brunette daughter, culled him into see it when the furnishing was com. jplotod ; but Bella, flushed with success, was ' hardly satisfied. . \ " Why, papa, it's perfectly exquisite!— liko the inside of a seu shell. See the rosy ' ''" ' tinges roflootedon the white window-blinds by the pink damask curtains. Sea how the light falls in a glow- on the little sldo'table yonder. Oh, how pretty ! Don't yon tliihk it bcaiitiul, papa 1" i "Yob, iny dear, I hope Doctor Bnnby f will like it." ) " Doctor Danby 1" extlnuned Bella, I " you don't intend to put him here 7" l " Why not 1 it's the prettiest room in the | house. . . . ' >" I "'Bub He's a man." i'-nfjfiiiv. & " What of that 7" v / ' 1 f "This is a lady's- rosM. Indeed, 41 is, papa, ib isn't fit for a gentleman. There ,are toe many toilette arrangement!!, whioh /would all be spoilt by this Doctor Danby'e I oigars." I "Doctor Dan by doosu'b smoke, and be s a lguesb to1 whom I wish to do all passible /honour. I wish him to have the host the mouse affords in every way." Mr Westgate was mild but firm. Bella 'jioutod in vuin. ,i "A horriblegreat-mnnin thab little nest!" /naid she to hot- sister Lonioa. "Just think '.of ib ; he'll bear everything to pieces, I /.know lie will." |» " Nonsense, Bella. . To hoar yon talk, bone would think Br Banbywaa a wild cat." I-" < Lou, don't all man wear muddy boots, . Oash the water about in bathing, soatoer \--cigar ashes and pub tholr fest ou the , -chairs." a! " No, dear papa doesn't." "papa's, nn exception to all mon in overy rwny." . ' . " You had batter waib and see if Dr. Dan by isn't an exception too.bofore youget -into suoh a passion about him." " I'm not in. a passion. I wish before be comes here to spoil thab beautiful room Hi, at he'd blow iiimself up in some of hie 'fchotnicul experiments ; bat I'm net in a ipussion ! I know I shall hate him, though. S want the room for Nellie." > "l'npa's favourite guests muss he oared for before yours, dear." " Of oonrse, paps wouldn't oars if Nellie UBiept in the attic." j'. " Now, Bella." ' /"'Bella, rather ashamed other last remark, tvas silent, mid sab tying knots in the saeh. jo f her morning dress and pulling them out htgnin. Just then there was a ring of the yioor-boll, the sound of voices in greeting, land LouiBa Westgnte observed quickly : tiiu " Dootor Dan by has come, Bella." pBella sat still until she heard her father Whow the Doctor into the pink chamber, Tltlion she threw herself upon the Sofu and ,'xiried tears of voxation. !/ Neither of the sisters had seen Dr. Dauby, VJHe had been at college with Mr. Westgate, 'rtind they concluded, of course, that he woe (equally elderly and studious. They woro (not aware thab he was baroly forty, faeiag eigtib years youngor than Mr. Westgate, ihand, though interested in literaturo and iscionee, was by no means considered a bore levon in tho best society, but eagerly wel comed for his social qualities wherever he torae introduced. Y Pretty Nelly Dashwaod arrived that (ovening. There was no pink chamber for fier use. She found no fault witii the pretty jwhite-draped bedroom, with u dressing-room (attached, which was assigned her, but Bella Expressed to her her indignatien that the Ipink room should have been given to the Ipbnoxious doctor. . . ... . !(.- All the girle were a little surprised when (they met Dr.Danby at tha boa- table. He was »;oad-looking and agreeable. Nellie said so swben they bad flown book to their retreat — /the bay window in the drawingrreom.whero the sisters always sewed. ! " Dear little Bix-footer 1 I- wonder bow jho likes the lace on his toilette cushion," Staid Bella, incorrigibly. I- " I'll tell you what I shoukl do if I were Eou, Bella," said Nellie. .J What J" Dr. Danby Bat in his room reading. It was nearly twelvo e'olook at night. The damp night -wind blew in ub the open win dow and made the light flicker as it shone (through its ground-gloss shade upon the jtablo at his side. The room was indeed jlike the heart of a rose, but if Bella West- 'fixte had not been very much prejudiced Che would have seen that Dr. Danby, with his finely-cut features and slender hands, ' did not look so very much oub of place thore. . Snddonly something, he never knew -what, mode him raise his eyes from hie . . book. In' the centre of the room stood a alender figure robed as in a shroud, white and glimmering ; and at the instant his eyes fell upon it the town clocks began striking twelve in the distance. As the sound of the last stroke died away, the figure moved silently towards the door and glided out. 'The Dootor eat staring at empty space, ' doubting his senses. He was to astonished \- that be never stirred in his seat far ten minuter. He eat gazing straight forward until the book, slipping from his rolaxBd band, felt upon the floor and startled him. " j have been asleep and dreaming," said . he, and prepared to retire. Yet, as he drew the white coverlet over his shoulders, he had a suspicion that whab he had see was hot adVeam. \- The next morning at breakfast he said to his host : " Fhlllp, is this an eld house 7" " Well, it lias somotbing of a history, I belioVc. It hoe been in my possession ; but a year, and we have lived here only a \- - few months." . " What is its history v,-, ' . " It was .builb by a man named Ores- wiolce, I don't know how long ago. He tost his young wife here immediately after \- his removal to ib. Then. Dr. Grant bought it." . " Did Oreewioke'e wife dio of illnose 7" . " I. believe there was a report that she ; poisoned herself on aooount of some former \- -' ! attachment. Do you know anything about : it, Belial" Yes, papa," said Bella, slowly stirring her coffee ; " everyone thinks it quite true that Ehe poieoued liorself because she was married against her will to Mr. Creswicke. I And," continued Bella, observing that Dr. ' Dunby was regarding her attentively, > they Buy she was found with the glass in Iter hand lying dead on the floor of tho -room we have famished -as the -pink aham- ber." ",How horrible 1 J oan't think how you dare to live here !" murmured Nellie Dash- wood, shrugging her dimpled aliouldora | and evorybody saw Dr. Danby shudder, but ho changed the conversation. That niglib ho retired to bed as early; us ton o'clock, but somehow - he eould not sleep. At twelve o'alock ho Was as wide awake as ever he was in bis life, and thoro in the aeiitre Of the room. 'stood the same white figure which bad visitod him on the previous night. As before, its.stuy was brief. It : rotreated ns he lixad hie eyes upon It, and vanished nb the dour, whioh closed softly behind it. The : Frofossor never closed his eyes all night. The noxt day' he hinted to Mr. Weelgate that lib thought oi returning home. His host was astonished. . . "Why, Archie, I thought, you, were going to stay all tho summer with me'!" " So did I," said Bella, donniro'ly. Doctor Danby muttered something about the nooeseity ef changing Ills plaus, and declared that he raally felt as if he must depart upon the following day. That night He was vitrited again. The fuob did nob accelerate his doparturo, for the Professor had tha belief that directly alter tho door closed upon his ghost he heard a smothered laugh, and ho remained until the noxt night. Jnsn aa the clock was on bhestrohoof twelve, his chamber door opened and the shupo appeared. He kept hiR head bont over bis book until it had advanced into the oentre of the room. Than, instead of nitting still, dazed by fear and fascinated with wonder, he quietly rose, produced u pistol, and said, calmly : " Take off that sheet, or I'll fire." The figure began 'slowly to retreat. "I'll give you but one second," he said, firmly. , The figure paused, wavered— tha sheet fell, and Bella aank on her knoes before him. " Oh, Dr. Danby, forgive uie, and don't, —oh, don't tell papa." . Pallid and lovely, with her . dark riDglebs falling in disorder over her shoulders, the doctor loworod his pistol before her be seeching face. " Have you any excuse for this conduct, Miss Westgate 7" " No— yea— oh, I can't tell yeu ; but I did it partly for fun. Pray forgive me, sind promise not to tell papa. I'll do any thing for you, if you will." . He abend quietly before her as slie knelt at his feet. "You ask a. great deal of me. You have destroyed my plunsl for the summer, forc ing me to tell your father that 1 must go away." " I know, but you oan make some exouse not to go, if you like. I will help you if you won't tell him. . Bay, say — " " May I say thab I have fallen in love with his daughter, and so have changed my mind a second timo t" She waa on her feeb in an instant, all her pallor changing to a burning blush. He smiled, but she did not see him, for lier eyes were turned towards the floor. " May I say it 7" he repeated, ' . . She looked up with a little indignant flash. " No." He wenb near her, took bar hands and made her look at him. " May I, Bella 7" . , ' " Yes," she said. ' . v And Dr. Danby married h is ghost! 