MISQUOTATIONS. Sunday Times."] Literary quotations men, and nearly all women, are found of using. It is wonderful what a fearful hash is made of lines from even the greatest and best , known authors. This is strange. When any person of importance happens to blunder into a misquotation the incorrect version generally drives the correct one out of the field entirely. " When Greek meets Greek then comes the tug-of-war." Probably this is the champion mis- quotation in the English language. The line in Lees' work on the life of Alexander the Great runs thus : When Greeks joined Greeks Then was the tug-of-war. Another popular _ misquotation is the couplet " Convince a man against his will, he's of the same opinion still." The real lines, as found in Butler's " Hudibras," are He that complies against his will Is of his own opinion still. Campbell has the line, " Like angels'' visits. few and far between j" anyway that is tautological, for if visits are " far between " they must necessarily be " few" in the seventeenth century one John Norris alluded to "Joys most exquisite and strong " which " soon took their flight " to " angels' visits short and bright." Later on Robert Blair helped himself to Norris' notion, which he spoilt by altering " bright " to " far be- tween." Then Cowper completed the muddle. Shakespeare wrote, " To make a virtue of necessity." In Chaucer's Knight's Take a similar thought is, " To make virtue of necessity." (turn tillian distanced them both by centuries by saying, "Let us make of death a cure a virtue of necessity." In all probability the old Roman had a loan of a Greek author who, by some means, got the idea from the Hindoo Rig Veda. Persons who misplace the word " fields " for " weeds " in the line from Milson's "Lycidas," "To-morrow to fresh woods and pastures new," may be forgiven, as may those who substitute Imitation for "deliberation in the '"Hudibras"asser- tion, " The woman that deliberate ' is lost.'" 301 are supposed to know the Bible, but how often do even clergymen say that man was sentenced to live by " the sweat of his brow." The real words are in the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread." Furthermore, Job did not say, " Oh that mine enemy would write a book His words were, " behold, may desire is that the Almighty would answer me and that mine ad- versary had written a book." Habacue did not write,) " He that runs may read the line occurring in Cowper "The Prophet's" words were, Write the vision and make it plain upon tables, that he that readers it may run . over it." It was St. Mark who said " The Sabbath was made for man and not man for the Sabbath "-a fact that some seem to have lost sight of these days. There is nothing in the Scriptures which proclaims that "Money is the root of all evil." It was the love of money that St. Paul condemned. " Providence tempers the wind to the shorn lamb " is often credited to the Bible. It was written by Lawrence Sterne, who was not exactly the man one would class with Saints Peter, Paul, or Timothy. "The thousand natural ills that flesh is heir to" is correct from Shakespeare's Hamlet, except the word " ills," which should be shocks. Those who should know better cite from The Merchant of Venice " The man that hath no music in his soul." The proper reading is a " hath no music in himself." Often it is read of " that bourne whence no traveller returns." The true text is that undiscovered country from whose bourne no traveller returns." Apropos to which, Job, thousands of years before Shakespeare was heard of, said she Before I go and return no more to a land that is dark and covered with the mists of death." In one of the oldest Egyptian inscriptions extant the ghost of a certain Heabani speaks of that road the course of which never returns." Great thoughts are common to great times. There are many parallel passages in Shakespeare and the Bible. Amongst scores of other instances there is Othello's "Rude am I in speech," St. Paul's " Though I be rude in speech," Macbeth's " Show his eyes and grieve thine heart," and Samuel's To consume thine eyes and grieve thine heart." Macbeth says :--" Life's but a walking shadow." In Psalm xxxviii. are the words " Man walketh in a vain shadow." Macbeth also says-" We'll die with harness on our backs." In Maccabees it is recorded, "Nicanor.lay dead in his harness." King Richard the Third exclaims, " Woe to that land that's _ governed by a child." In Ecclesiastical it is declared, " Woe to thee, Oh land, when thy king is a child' 