Bladys i A Woman of Courage, Bv S. -BARING-GOULD, M.A., Author of " Mehalah," " Court Royal," " In the Roar of the Sea," "The Broom-Sqnirc," " Ilio ronnycomoquicks," " Uiith," Dart moor Idylls," kc., &o.; copyiiiglit. CHAPTER IX.— NAN. Luke Francis had departed; and Nail N or ris carried Bladys to bed, and did all that lay in her power to soothe her overwrought nerves, rightly judging that what she needed was not rousing, but the opposite treatment. She sat by the bed till she saw that Bladys was asleep. Then she descended the stairs, went outside the house and put up the shut- ter. The Savoyard lay by the expiring fire, nnd was snoring; the monkey, coiled up in a ball in his bosom, was fast asleep. Satisfied with what she had done, Nan now opened the door to an adjoining apart ment in the length of the house, and shut the door after her. Next she unbolted ail outer door, nnd in another minute the sound was heard of the clatter of horse lioofs up the steps to the garden from the road. Immediately following the sounds came the horses that lmd produced it. They passed in at the door, through the room, nnd disappeared into a cellar behind, exca vated out of the rock. Five entered, and were followed by ns many men wearing masks. The leader threw off liis and disclosed the face of George Strnecy, the man who had entered for the game of bowls that was to be played for Bladys, but who had withdrawn. "Give us a buss, wench!" said Stracey; "we've not done badly to-night, hut there was no occasion for our horses, ns it hap pened." "Hush!" said- she; "make no noise. We have guests. Did you not mark that the shutter was down?" "Ay, or we should have stabled our beasts earlier. But you have closed now, and that is the signal that our quarters are safe." "Jacomo is here." "There is nothing to be apprehended from him. Ho is our very good servant, nnd anon docs us an excellent turn." "And Stewponey Ma is above." "Alive or dead?" "Alive nnd usleep." "Od's life! she looked like one dying. You baggage, you were jealous, ami would not let me contest for such a prize, or I might have won." "No, George, I would not permit it." "You jade! Come now, give us a wet of gin; we're cold with tarrying so long in the falling dew, waiting for notice that all was safe." "Step into the cellar. Nothing can lie heard that is said there." When morning broke, Stewponey Bin opened her eyes. Nan perceived witli de light that she was recovering; there was no longer a dazed look in her eyes, a stony in difference in her face; some color now flushed her checks. Nan had shared her bed with Bladys, and when she rose she ad dressed her companion in chceryfnshion, nnd was answered rationally and readily. Not only so, but Bladys exhibited a desire to know where she was, and how she came to be there. "My dear," said Nan, setting tier arms akimbo, witii a hand on each hip, " you nnd your man when you was married yesterday were travelling to Bridgenorth, nnd the ras cally highwaymen stayed the car riage. All, lue! What a sight of wicked ness there is in the world. And that man of yours tinned out of the chaise, and emptied liis pockets, and surrendered all the blunt lie had, mild lis butter milk, and shaking for fear in liis shoes." The girl broke into a merry laugh. "By dear golcs! I dare he sworn it is suffi cient to frighten any man to see about him masked men; and you—you was also out of your senses. Yet they made you dance ivith them on the heath. And some ol' those God forsaken knaves fetched inc also to tread a measure. But I lieecl them not. I have' no gold to lose, nor silver cither. They do no harm to the poor, they address their courtesies to the rich alone. As for me, I can hold my own in the face of them. And Tom, the post hoy, lie took it nil ns a matter of course. It isn't the first time Tom has been stopped, I'll warrant ye." Nan wns a handsome girl, short, firmly knit, with high color, dark hair and lustrous hazel eyes full of twinkle. As she spoke there was a dash and fire in her manner that plainly said the wickcdncsB of the world did not vastly grieve her, that the uoiUl would have been hut a (lull planet uithoiit some spice of wickedness in it, and that highwaymen were not to her, objects of Utter abhorrence. "It is well for you that you. fainted. Cap- lam Yelvotfacc — " "IV ho is Yelvctfaee?" "lhe Captain. You Recall have black faces but they arc muffled in crape, whereas lie alone lias a mask of velvet. Oh! a rare man is lie!" She flushed and her eyes gleamed. "He might have carried you off. I know I elvetface. Tlint is, 1 have heard tales told of him. They declare that lie loves gold dearly, but tlint lie loves pretty girls more dearly still than gold. Set a hag of yellow guineas before him, and beside it a bright-eyed quean, nnd I know which he will choose. But you were white anil dead, like a figure of snow and not to his tnsle. So lie chose the money hag. Poor fool," laughed Nan. "I dare swear yon have not kissed your husband, nnd now lie has run away." "lie is gone?" "Gone home to Shrewsbury. The talk is tlint he is in the law, and the assizes are coming on. Bali!" She wiped one iinnd ngninst the other. "I would have no deal ings with a lawyer. Such he spiders as weave the webs tlint catch and throttle our boys. Ah well! we're clear of Onion this year. Tom Matthews is none of ours." "What do you mean by Onion?" "Onion? I thought every man, woman and child knew of him." "Who is he?" '"The hangman." "Do you know him?" "J know of him. That is enough. I 'fecks — I pray God deliver me from further ac quaintance with him. He wears a mask, they say. I do not know. I have never been at a hanging. He is an Onion, they tell, that has brought tears into many eyes." Then Nan departed. When she had left the room Bladys rose. She was weak in body, hut composed in mind and clear in head. She was desirous of being alone, for only alone was she in a condition to understand the events that had taken place, and through which siie had passed. During the previous day Iter mind had been half dead. She had seen, heard, -felt, what laid taken place, without any corre sponding emotion within. A series of pic tures had passed before her eyes, hilt tlicy had been to her without significance. The distress and perplexity to which she had been subjected had deprived her of sleep anil had no harassed her by day that she had been thrown into a condition of nervous exhaustion, in which everything wns to her indifferent. She had beeii as a sleep walker upon the day when she was bowled for, won and wedded. Her actions had been those of an automaton. It may lie Hint a swoon is Nature's method of rccupcinlion of the vital powers, that it concentrates into a little space of time the beneficial effects of a week of unin- lerniilted slumber. The long lapse into unconsciousness, fol lowed by even sleep, had restored the men tal activity of Bladys. She wns glad to he left alone, that she might review what hail taken place and orientate herself for ilie future. She slowly dressed, anil then seated herself on a stool by. the latticed window, looking forth into the foliage of the syca mores, through which the light twinkled, as the morning wind agitated the leaves. Now she was able to summon every pic ture that hail presented itself to her eyes on the day before. It was as the Witch of Endor calling up ghosts anil quaking before the apparitions that answered. The proceedings of the preceding day unrolled themselves before iicr in their proper sequence. She eoulil recall every incident, even the most minute nnd trifling: every word that had been spo ken, even the intonation of the voices that had spoken them. But now, nnd now only, did she understand what these pictures and utterances signified. As the melody in Baron Munchausen's post-horn was frozen, nnd at the time it wns sounded remained mute, hut afterwards, by the fire, became unsealed and the notes flowed in thoir pro per order anil harmonic propriety, so was it now with the recollection of the events of the day that was past. As Bladys sat at the window looking at the twinkling foliage, she saw them not, but instead contem plated a retrospect. Her father had been impatient to bo rid of her that lie might bring Catherine Barry into the house— one of whom/she could not think without a shudder as the element tlmt embittered her mother's last days, the cause of the acceleration of her end. Branded into her convictions wns the thought that it would not- have been possible for her to remain at the .Stewponey when that woman entered it to assume therein a position as mistress. There was siiflieicncy of good feeling in Iter father's dull and perverted heart to make him aware of this. But the manner in which lie sought- to rid himself of his child was in itsdt an outrage, hardly infe rior to that of introducing Catherine Barry into her mother's room. There was no other excuse for his conduct thnn the lame one of weakness. And indeed morn mis chief is worked in the world by feebleness than vice. 'This impotence of will had led Cornelius Ilea into the scandal of setting liis daughter ns a prize to he gamed for, and of thrusting her into the arms of a man of whom he knew nothing anil for whom she did not care. She saw before her eyes the bowling green. She was alone, on it with Crispin Riivcnhill: she saw his soft eves full of kindly light, heard the tremor of Ins voice as lie spake kindly to her, felt again the throbbing of her heart m response. And she saw, further, the howling green in vaded bv a great concourse of men; she saw the number of the competitors reduced to two the jack cast, the bowls thrown; she lienrd once more the controversy over tiie unbiassed ball, she bow the wrestling men— everything up to the moment when she touched the jack with her foot, set it rolling, and it tripped up Crispin Ravciiliill. Then she sprang to her feet with a cry of dismay, of anguish, of self-reproach; she thrust the lingers of botli hands through her dark hair am! drew thcni out as far as she could extend her hair, and stood thus, as one struck to stone. "What ails thee?", asked Nan, running up the stairs at her cry. "Nan Norris," said Bladys, hastily, "I must know what followed. 1 have got so far. Listen to mc." With feverish heat, with gleaming eyes and n flame burning in each cheek, she told the girl all that lind taken place— she spoke of the events ns though reading them from a book, with breathless rapidity. And then, when she reached the fall of Crispin, she broke off. Then, after a pause, she said, "I must know what lias happened to him. Is he dead? Did I kill him? Nan, Nan, I will myself go to Kinvcr and inquire." '. Tl'at ypu cannot, or. you shall not do," said the warin-henrted girl. "Nan, I shnll die of self-reproach and dreadful expectations. , I cannot endure it. I must know.. The thought is like a drop of lire, that will not out; it burns in— ever more'- inward. I must know the truth. I rolled the jack. He tripped and fell— fell with his head on it. If I had not touched the inck he would not have gone down. lie would have been the conqueror, and I — I—" she withdrew her hands from her' stream ing hair and covered her face. . 'Set your mind nt case," said Nnn, cares singly. "You'll get mazed with thinking and witli fancies. I'll myself run to Kinver, and you shall hear nil anon. Sit you down nnil think no more about it. Yet, this I can tell you; J do not believe lie can lie dead, or sonic tidings would have readied our place before now. Bad news goes about like squjrrels." Nan was as good ns her word. She threw a shawl over her head and went forth. During her nhscnce Blndvs sat at the win dow, looking into the twinkling leaves, and with thoughts that twinkled— now flashing with hope, now oliseure with despair. She dill not move from her place; she did not stir a finger of her folded hands, only licr lips moved as she spoke with herself in- audibl.v. The time passed without her being able to estimate how long it was. Whether she had been silting there for 10 minutes, for 10 years, for an eternity, she could not have said. She was in one of those trances— of which perhaps death may be one— in which time ceases to he an element to he ac counted with. She was roused by the hand of Nnn on her shoulder. "Stewponey Bin! He is alive and re covering. He was stunned— nothing worse. By Goles, though, there wns something worse — lie lost you by that fall." Bladys looked round at Nan and said : "I have something for your ear." "What mnv that ha?" Nan threw herself on the floor at the feet of Bladj's. She wns hot and tired with running, her lniir dispersed, her eyes twinkling with pleasure and with kindly thought. She folded her hands' on the knee of Bladys, and looked up into her white face. "Nun. Can you answer questions?" "That depends on what the questions he?" "Nan. I do not love my husband." "Od's life, I do not marvel," laughed the girl. "And T love another." "That I can guess." The girl started from her silting posture to Iter knees. "And," continued Bladys, "I will never, never be the wife of liini who married mc. So help me God." "Whew!" exclaimed Nan, "and where in all this is the question?" "What now shall I do?" "That," said Nan, " is what I cannot answer. You must take mother into coun sel; she has teeth to crack such nuts." 'GTIAYTEK X.— CASTLE FOREGATE. On the second day a red-headed, red- whiskered man arrived in n buggy, drawn by a sandy horse witli a straw-colored mane and tail. lie had been commissioned by Luke Fran cis to fetch Bladys. Business that was ur gent prevented Francis himself from coming for her, but he sent word that she might rely on his substitute to convey her to Shrewsbury on the morrow, where he awaited her arrival with the impatience of a lover. A difficulty arose as to the disposal of the horse. As Nan said, they had no accommo dation at the llock Tavern for bensts, hut if the man liked to turn the horse in the pad dock for the biglit and himself lie at the inn, they were able to accommodate him so far,( as there wns u spare chamber. To this lie rcudily consented, ns lie desired lo start at an early hour on the morrow. "What is your name?'' inquired Nail. "Abraham— Thomns Abraham," replied the man. The old woman over Hie fire lookcu up and said: "There was an Abraham .lanock, a hoy, and he had a red head, and his father had'n red head before him, nud he came from Bcwdley." The man drew back out of the light, lint the glittering eyes of the old woman fol lowed him. "You're sure you're not Abraham .Tar rock? lie was a tiresome hoy, and had led hair." "My name is 'Thomns Abraham." "And yet you've a red head." She turned and rubbed her dry palms over the fire. Presently she looked round and asked: "You come from Bewdley?" "No, I do not. but from Shrewsbury." "And yet you've n red .head." She again ruminated over Hie fire, rub bing her hands together. Then, alter awhile, reverted to the snmc.topic. 'What was your father's head like?" "Grey," answered the man impatiently.. "And yet yours is red. It may have been red before it turned grey. 1 low do you know that it was not red once?" "T remember it only grey." "ft may have been red, and then you'd be n .Tarrock, and come from Bcwdley." "Dou't attend to mother, she has queer maggots in her brain," said Nan. Next morning betimes Abraham hail the buggy at the door, with the sandy horse be tween thcsliufts, and wns stroking its straw colored mane. Bladys parted witli Nan Norris witli tears on both sides. The girl had been kind to her, anil although Abraham 'wus commis sioned to pay what charges were made for the entertainment of Bladys and his own lodging, yet no money could discharge tiie debt of tenderness she owed to this warm hearted girl. Bladys mounted beside the driver and started Tor Shrewsbury. She was pale as heretofore, hut otherwise was different in nppenrnncc from what she hud been on the day of lier marriage. The look of vacuity, of listicssucss, of indifference was passed away. Now her lips wore set, as with firm resolve, and there was a covert glow in lier eyes that threatened at the least provoca tion to flash forth in lightnings. I Abraham found her indisposed for con versation; but lie himself wns prone to talk, and he endeavored ineffectually to engage her m conversation. But his efforts were, not pleasant; he was of a churlish and acrid disposition, and liis thoughts turned mainly in the direction of abuse of every person' above him in station, and of everv institu-' tion of liis country. He abused the roads,' the magistrates, the tavern where he haa lain overnight and the hostess. . | After this hail gone on for some time, he said, "After all, the old woman was right. I am a Jarrock, my father had red hair,' and I come from Bewdley." "Then why did you deny it?" asked Bladys. | "It is inconvenient to tell everything to everyone who asks.' "Why should it be inconvenient, unless there be something that has to be con cealed?" | "Oh! you think everybody tells you his name anil profession, do you? There may be reasons why both have to he kept back- foolish prejudices exist. Y'ou will under stand that by and by." , "What do you mean by by and by?" "When you reach Shrewsbury." Bladys said nothing further; she was not concerned with so trilling a matter as the real name of the man wno drove her, and the color of his father's hair. Tarrock growled his dissatisfaction at the uncpminuiiieativencBs of his companion. He set her down in liis black list as one of those against whom he entertained!: grievance. Saul he presently, "Have you travelled along this toad afore?" "Never." "Except when coming to bo robbed. The master lias told me of that. He is in a take-on about it, and hardly knows what cpursc.to pursue. On tho one baud, if lie dis close it lie may become an object .of mockery, hut theu lie will secure the rogues who robbed hiin. But, on the other, he would rather bear his loss than expose him self. there is one comfort to him. The rascals do not know whom they lightened of hiB blunt." To this also Bladys said nothing. After a while Abraham proceeded una bashed.- "It is time the net was drawn; it makes a man mad to see how they take one and lay lum by the heels, and wait, and do no more. Then into his place steps another. J here are gentlemen among them. The last taken was one. You'll see him shortly." "Is he at Shrewsbury?" ".My child, no — on the road to it; strung up two years ago. We pass the gallows." Bladys shuddered. " 'Twos brought home in a curious way. lhe gentleman lie robbed linil been in Wales anil had shot an eagle, so lie hud a claw set in gold for a pin to Tiis cravat. When be was stayed in liis carriage by footpads, one of them clicked his pistol at his head, for he struggled hard, but Hie. pistol would not go off. Good for him. So the highwayman made free with the gentleman's pin to pick the nipple of liis piece, thinking it choked, anil forgot to return it. Two nights nfter, the squire who had been stopped was at the Assembly Rooms at Wellington at a county ball there, and in the country dance, who should he opposite him in the set hut a gent, with an eagle's claw set in gold in Ins cravat! Ho seized him there, and no escape was possible. He was taken and tried at the next nssizes anil — Look lip. There is the gibbet, and there he bangs." Bladys, in horror, raised her hands toa screen from her eyes the ghastly object suspended by the wayside; she averted her head, buteouldnotshut her cars to the croak of the crows that swarmed about the gal lows and sat on the cross-beam. "What?" laughed Abraham. "Don't you like to see that? Well, that's queer, and you're strangely, made. When Adam Bell was slung by the neck for shooting Squire— dang nie if I recall the name— to - obligate Hie family they put the callows where it could be seen from the withdraw- ingroom windows. That wus by special re quest of the ladies. Y'ou— when you arrive at Shrewsbury — have a real treat awaiting you, such as you have not a chance of see ing often." ife paused, expecting to he asked lo ex plain. As, however, Bladys exhibited no curiosity, he continued in a churlish tone: "There's no plensingsoinc folks. If you give them siinnel cake they will say they prefer mince pics, and if you offer tlicm roast loin of mutton they'll sny, 'We eat only fur- mily.' I'll tell you what to expect. There is a woman going to be burnt at Shrews bury — none of your common sort, hut a real gentlewoman. She was wed to a man she did not love, and she loved another. She endeavored to rid herself of the husband, so as lo go off with the lover, and she poi soned lier good man. But it was discovered. That is what we. call petty treason. Never heard of that before? I'll explain it to you. If a woman destroys lier husband, or a ser vant murders liis master, that is petty trea son; a man is hung and drawn for it, a woip.un is burned. The gentlewoman— she cuinc from a place called Nesseliffe— was tried the day before yesterday at the assizes, and was found guilty and condemned to lie burned. There will lie a multitude of people from nil round to see it. J'my heaven it may he a line day. That is not a sight you will have the luck to see at Kinver." Abraham continued, regardless or the re pugnance manifested by Bladys to hear this talk: "We have had women hanged. 'There is nothing out of the common way in that. But petty treason docs not occur as fre quently as it might. As lo hanging— now, tlicy do not leave women as they no men to swing till they drop. We had a young woman hung here last assizes nt Shrews bury for borrowing her mistress's gown and hat to go to the fair witli her fancy lnd, nnd 'there linppeueil lo be a guinea missed as well. But she wns cut down nfter she was dead, anil before she wns cold. She had a neck like a swan. There's more satisfac tion in hanging one who has a long neck, but there is more art in dealing .with your bull necks. 'The man we have just passed lind no more throat than a toad. When he was turned off. there was no getting liini properly strangled, so there was nothing for it hut to jump on his shoulders." "I entreat you to be still!" exclaimed Blndvs. "If you persist in thus talking I will leave the carriage." The. man .turned about in his seat nnd stared at lier, and buret into a roar of laughter. "Well! this is rare, anil you his wife!" Bladys did not speak, lier lips turned white, and a shudder passed thruugh lier at n thought which traversed her brnin. Her eve were fixed on the flapping mane of the trottiug horse. Abraham., sulky at heme unable to engage her in conversation, or to interest her in his narratives, fell into silence. Questions rose in the mind of Bladys as hubbies in fermenting wine, yet not a word passed over her lips. At length the condi tion of uncertainty in which she was be came unendurable, and she said, hesita tingly, in a low voice, without withdrawing her eyes from the straw colored mane, "Your name is not Thomas Abraham. "It is Abraham. My father was called Thomas. 1 might have called myself Thom son, being an. Englishman, or Ap Thomas hud I been Welsh. "You have another name. "Yes: I am Abraham Jarrock. "And he— Luke Francis?" "The Master?" "Yes: the Master." "What of him?" ,T, "Has ho also another name to Luke Francis?" ' ,, "These he his Christian-names. . . . "I thought as much.. And .what is his sur- n!The fellow hesitated. ' Then be shrugged a shoulder,' .whipped the horse, and said, "Onion." Bladys made no remark. A long pause followed Then again she spoke. "You are his servant. . "On no account. I am his assistant. . "Tn what trade?" . "That- you shall learn presently. Ho laid it on ine as an obligation to keep silence; But be not concerned. When we reach Shrewsbury you shall know.all." She said' no more. ' / , After awhile the day began to close. Thpy were approaching their destination. Tlis road was no longer without, traffic. They passed the1 half ruined Abbey, nnd here a crowd was assembled in an open space be fore the west front of the stately church. It was watching the proceedings of some work men. : _ - . , Abraham chuckled, and, nudging Bladys, -said ' . "Dost know what they are about? Fre- paring for to-morrow. The woman will be burnt there — she I told you of, child, who married one man and loved another. Then they crossed the "English Bridge over the'Severn, and saw the town, with its walls and old houses and church towers ris ing steeply beyond- the red river. Abraham drew his hat down so as to con ceal Ins face. ... A drift of men in livery hearing white wands went by. . "There goes the sheriff attended by his javelin men; we must move aside," said Jarrock; "he goes to inspect the place of .execution." _ ' The street was alive with people, follow ing the sheriff and his retinue, or hanging about around a ballad singer, or clustering together to discuss some point of interest or controversy. . A woman was bawling out the informa tion' that she had for sale the last confes sion of the murderess, price one penny, the .- whole set forth in rhyme." , Then she chanted in a cracked voice: — Come nil you fooling hearted Clirisllons, wherever you may he, Attention give to these few lines, and listen unto me. It's of a cruel murder to you I will unfold, . The bare recital of the same will make your blood ran cold. Confined within a lonely cell with sorrow thus op pressed, „ The veer -flimifflit of what I've done deprives me of my rest. Within this' dark, and gloomy cell in the county gaol 1 lie,' . For murdering oi my husband dear I am condemned tn die. . ' ---- The clog in the street .occasioned by the passage of the sheriff was removed; Jarrack drove on. The street lmd aseended; now it descended rapidly. The walls and machio- ' lotions- of '.the Castle rose against the even ing sky,' nnd the glow of-depariing davligi,. madn ;! Ted walls doubly red. ''.Abraham pointed to the town gate, below the Castle, a gate with a chamber above it, and over that, in a sort . of tower, a large bell- At the side of the gate was a door. "Step down," said Jarrock;. "vour home is here — here in the Hangman's house!" (To be continued.) 