THEPMlLMMMf -v' t , -HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY; JULY20; me Speaseh {Hon. Sir Jennn Coles, K.C. il.G.) took tho Choir at 2 p.ni. ' * TENDERS FOR WATER-PIPES. Mr. GRAlN'tVER asked if tho Commis sioner ot tfiblic . vi ones wouia lay on . too udio . all pipers connected with the tenders for pipos for .a new main from Darlington to tho Grange. Thv COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WOUKS ( Uon- J. Cr. Jenkins) replied that ho would do so if tho House desired. Tbo COMMISSIONER told Mr. Beookkr that :Ue Eagineer- in-Chicf and tho Sanitary li-ipaeer made reeominendattotis, which were forwarded to Cabinet, and tho acceptance of Mr. Fenpisou's tender tor the pipes was re ? v:mtitiiidcd. (Mr. Grainger—' Which one?') T.- Mr. Wooo-Tho pipes which it had been vcomiucndcd for acceptance were not the s-uiiu a* previously supplied. The previous unc* were threo-smeenths of an inch, but tiie-e were quarter-inch pipes, and there was a process of lastenini*- without the necessity of so ntanv rivets and joints. On the recom mendation of the Eajnnecr-in-Chief Mr. Fer pwu« vat willing to guarantee for at least I r.vc!yc months the stability of the pipes and repair .any ilamage which might occur. Mr. I O UAIXG ER enquired if tltc new patent pipe ' had -;vcr been used in any part of the wholo v. urld. whether there was any guarantee that an..- particular firm had ever made pipes in the way proposed, and if the Commissioner i bought lie was warranted in expending such ?\ large -Him of money in what was a pure ^ponment. Tim COJIMISSIONER contonded chat it r.Ms not aa experiment. Pipe* had been manu factured and tested. Thore most be* begin via? to all thing-*. (Sir. Graineer— ** We i ion' t want to be tho beginning.') Why not, it jc were an advantage? Samples of this class of pipes, he understood, had been nunufac rsred in England and tested there, and they Liu ten reeommondation of an English engi neer on Om subject. Piped several feet iu lantrth had beea tested with a pressure more than twics as great as would be required in tho Adelaide water district. Them would bo ?-a!_- a tew joints, whichwould bo an ad vantage. To Mr. Beookcr the Commissioner said u was pence tly true that Fulton & Co. were the lowest tenderers according to the i-peciication, bat on addendum wad pieced to inn spjeioeations asking for other designs in unter to sret the best kind at tbo cheapest pri-w. He would bring this addoodum to the HvilaC. Mt. GRAINGER asked if tho Commu s-ioner -.vouli give the Hontc an opportunity of considering tho matter before tho amount i.rojkt-ed to bo expended in a new description ul pipe was cxpruded. fie COMMISSIONER did not think that was necessary, because she House might dis cu-o the matter (or three months, and the n-ork of laying thesa pipes was a matter of urgency. Tuere was no possibility of tbenioney beiug war-ted. Places iliat had been requiring water for a long rirao would bo kept without it iV. r perhaps ths nest twelve months if tbo marker were delayed by Parliamentary discus *i--n. Tho tender they were asked to accept was practically £4,000 less than tho other tender, and there would be a saving of over £'l.*X*0 as far as Isad for the joints was eon rented, aud they had four month*' shorter timo :h:tn if they had accepted the other tender. Mr. BROOKE R, reawmberinc toe trouble which arcso chrough Mr. Ferguson bringing over *a many men from the otner colonie*. asSct-J if there were a clause in the specification providing that the work would bo done by ?fyuth Australians. The COMMISSIONER replied that one of th-; condition* bsforo thecontrcct was accepted was tliat which bad been in previous contracts, v I.-., that the work would bo carried out in :-?.nth Australia, and that South Australian Labour would bo employed with tho exception «?: the export hands who would be compelled to t.iVe charge, hue tfuwe were only a few ?'cmporetl with the number employed. He was perfectly willing to limit the number. The COSlMJSSlOXER of PUBLIC WORKS informed Mr. Grainger that he had received reports in eouuectioa with the pipes. ami h'i would lay thoso reports ou the table of til-* IIoum?. Mr. GRAINGER save notice o! motion for Tlwreday to suspend the Standing Orders to suable him to move — 'That tti* undesirablo t.-. -.iccspt a tender for the description of a pipe hitherto unused in any country.' To take prooedeuctt of Government husiuej-j. . ? Thu SPEAKER— I point out that if the hou muinbcr gives notico the morion will apuear tfier Government btuiness, but be can nv'vc the stupeniion of the Sessional Order v.ithout notico. Mr. GEAINGER— If I oan do what I want to do without notice sorely I can So it with notice. ? The SPEAKER— The hon. member can pivt- nonce of mr.tion if ho so desires. Mr. GRAINGER— It seems that if I give tibrice I cannot (To what I can do without notice. T di*[-t:te the ruling. Tiie SPEAKER— Will the hon. member Uke hi* iwat* I harp riven no ruling. I pr.ntcl out that if he gives uoticc, inasmnch aa there ia a Sectional Order that the Government hu/-!Jie-s should take precedence on Tuesdays .nr.il Thursdays, the notice will appear after Go^emtnont l*usiae«s. Mr. GKAlXGER— I want to understand vou clearly. Tha SPEAKER— I simply desirad to assist thehon.nisin-:~r. He can take any course he pleaoeJ. 3Ir. GRAINGER— I understand you to say that if I gi-.c notice my motion will como niter Government bus-biys, init if I da not jjivii notic? it will come Lefore it. The SPEAKER— The hoa. mamber is i»re ri-oly in the ia:ne position as the hon. membor for EneounttT Bay. Mr. Carpenter. Mr. ORAlSlrER— This is not a question nf the StacrtiupOniera ; it 13 a question of the sospen&ioa; of tha Sessional Orders. I want to know if I will be iu order in moving the iuspension of tlis Sessional Orders. The SPEAKER— The bon. member would lj-i ia ordt.T in doing so, imt the saspeiuion of tho Sessional Orders without notice would raiuire an absolute majority of the members, bit: with notice i* would only require a majority of thaw present. Mr. GRA1NGLR— I accept your ruling on the Hubjcrt. but ? The SPEAKER-I ask the hon. member noc to diwUiS the matter. Mr. GJlAINr,ER-It seems that if you srivc notice yuu are bod boy.-, and if you* do cot give notice yon aru pfn»d bov:-. MAHS' ROADS yOTK. The TREASURER (Uou. F. W. Holder) to Mr. McDonald, said ho was not yet ablo to viy what amount would bo placed on the Esti males this year for main roods. i)U-*DALEER WATF.R SCHEME. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WOUKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins! informed Mr. 3LU.ER that the lithographed plan of the Itaarialecr water scJierue wonld be ready in nf/ous a fortnight, and if the House authorized the construction of the work he expected that wi'.hin a month or two tho dcpartaiont would V-c ahle to undertako the preliminary work. \'\ii tho ccneral body of the work could not be undertaken for four or five months. BUNDALEER WATER SCI1EME. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC V/ORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins) informed Mr. ratine that ho vrja haviug a lithoffraph plan ot tho area served by ths Bundalcer water Ktbomc prepared, and it vocld ha attached to ' I -: reportii that would be placed upon mem l*va Slet, and ho would alto bring dowa the !ar,/a original plan. MOTION FOR ADJOURNMENT-THE UNEilPLOYED. Mr. ROBSRTS a-ked if the CoainiUsicnor nf Put lie Works would lay on the table a copy of the telegram ho had received from the engineer in charge of the Milcowie dam, trnrinj that all the local unemployed had been pirun work and asking that men should be 1,.11'u up from Adelaide. The COMMTSSIOXFR of PUBLIC v-*0KK5 (Hon. J. G. Jenkins) replied that he | ili.1 not know that the telegram was to that V zftxi, and be thought it unwise to lay clepart ' m^n'.sl telegrams on the table of th« Home mtluss a motion for their prodmtion was 3.irried. He did not know that thore was v«ry niacb ia tho telegrani. The Unyineerin Chwf, .vhik) on the spot, made enquiries, and it-: tound thac a great many men had thrown kd ether emnloymeut and applied for work on tucdam. They bad thrown ep work on the farms at 15s. a week, and applied as unem T-K-vcd. Mr. Hicks, the 6npinear in charge, hhi b-jen gives instructioas that those n-ho ap plied for work ehoold prove that duty were local unemployed. A great many men had come in from. the surrounding districts claiming that they were local men out of employment. Tho engineer bad given work to all the mm of the district who were oas of work. 3£r. ROBERTS— Will the C-'mmiMwner lay a copy of that report on the table? The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS said be had given tna report to the Houso. It was a verbal one. Mr. ROBERTS— When was that report received? The COJi&nSSlONER; of PUBLIC WORKS could not tell tho exact minute. Mr. ROBERTS moved that the Home at it* rising adjourn until L30 ou Wednesday. Hifdrow attention to the fact that the Com mu--joner of Public Works had broken a pro niise ?ivcn not only in private but in public, and -iron in the House. Ho bad promised that wherevrr Government work was undertaken thi-'.i-cal unemployed would have the preference. I tut apparently that had only been carried out in part. Certain work was going on in the District of Gladstone for tho construction of a Jam, and the unemployed trouble there was ui'ift acute. Two or three hundred men were walking about that district with no chance of employment, and when they heard that this work was to be undertaken they naturally thought that the_nromhe' of the Commis ?sioncr of Public Works would be carried into effect and that their claims would receive preferential consideration. They applied, to thp rarioos Chairmen of District Councils and to the two waterworks officers, and ou all sided ware told to send their names and addresses to tho Resident Engineer, Mr. Hicks, at Crystal Brook, and duccUy the work was started they would be given a preference. Bus at Port Pirie, which ' was only twclvo miles from where tho work was being carried on, no notice of tbu - under taking was received till twenty-four hours beforo it was started. A large uumbcr ot men bad sent iu their uames to the Kesidont Engineer, and yet the only intimation they had that tho work was to bo carried on was a notice which was posted outside the Waterworks Office ou Wednesday morning to tho effect that those requiring em oloymont would, obtaiu it by applying on the works at 7.30 a»m. the next day.. Tho Commissioner of Public Works had refused just now to lot him see the telegram which was received from his officials m that district. Ho wished to find out the date on which that telegram was' sent. Short, however, as was tho notice, come eighty -local unemployed appeared on tbo works, and were, given om ploymont 1 ho rest knew nothing about the work to be undertaken, and it must haro been immediately after that the person in charge of the works, and not tho Resident Lujnueer, as was stated by the Commissioner of Public Works in his - reply of a few days ago, but one of the subordinate officials, going outsido the rules of tho Governmenteervicealtoccthcr. bad wired to the Commissioner that all.thc local unemployed had been given .worlci and that work could bo given toaomu twenty-five more men if thoy were sent from Adelaide. Tbu officer had only arrived from Adelatdo a few days before, and knew nothing about the con ditions surrounding the unemployed difficulty. This wire wu sent down, and tho Commis sioner, only too ready, to break a promise which be could uot 'help giving, had , sons twenty-five men from Adelatdo to the works with assisted passages. At the same time he was fully aware, as was also the Resident Engineer, that more than tho roquirod number of 'men were seeking employment tn tlie Gladstone District On Friday last, whon ho vnited the works, he had found the men wcro falliug ovrt each o%hcr, and it was impossible to find ordinary employment fur them. They bad' been put on whan the work wa& not ready for thorn. Tho Commissioner of Public Works didu'tseem to trouble about it. but he would have to trouble in the future if. prombes of this description were to be so 'Kghdy broken. Howaisorry to trouble the House with this matter, but it was manifestly wrong to travel men from Adelaide *J0O miles into tho country, when, if auy pnblio works were utartcd in the citv to- morrow, tho Government woold havo to bring, «av, forty of these men back. I Mr: Price— ''l'licru are 400 unemployed hero now.*1) It was a wrong courso for the Govern ment to continually travel men;from one dis trict t j another for.no other reason than to get rid of them from the vicjnity of the Public Works Office. He hoped- that the Commis sioner would in future see the necessity as Commissioner of Public Works and as a inau of keeping his promises. .? ?. TJw COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS decidcdlv objected to the' tono of Mr. Roberts's remarks. All the.; promises be had made either privately or ? pub licly ho bad carried .out.'-., Every in ducement had been given to consider the most deterring local people when theso public works were being, started. Instead of oeing blind to tlie requests of members of eouutry dis tricts he had devoted hours and hours to the unemployed who had bocn sent to him, and never in any way bad he slighted those' requests when they, were. just. Every member recognised that in portions of. the Northern and Gumerapha Districts the seasons for tho past year or two had beon so bad so far as farm produce was concerned that it was almost « question of starvation with some people there. (Mr. Roberts— .'You made a promise and you didn't take tbo trouble to carry it ons.') The hon. member ma calking % little wild. Haying recently visited Bu dUtricta ho had found a. uuiuber of unem ployed,' such a- could bo found any day in the Districts of East Torrens and West Ade laide, and ho had come back, some what 'ex- cited because every individual there warnot on a Government work and getting fair pay; In pointing .out that eifftity men of thp dis trict were working on the work he thought hon. members would recogniso that the' Go- vernmeut and thoso in charge of tho work had done fairly well in considering that particular part ot the dutricL Not only on that par ticular work, but also in connection with the deviations there were a great many men from that portion of the district employed. (Mr. Roberto— ' Who sent you the wiro from Mil cowje?') Be did not receive any. wire. ' (Mr. Roberts—' You said yon did on Thursday.') 9e did not He .had said that a wire bad been received. Ho did not communicate direct with the officers in charge of the ? department in ? reference to ..that work or any other. The' Engineerin Chief or, the Oonsorvator of Water or the others haddircctcommunJcation, and thaccame through the proper channels, unless {hero [^Jt'tfmdthing''inu-ortaut vkhilo th'ey'wero away or he wanted to get' some information direct He thought tho Conservator of Water received the telegram. The Ecginccr-in-Chief had said.that Arrangements worenwde with the Resident Engineer in charge of tho work not to employ those on the work who were not local men. There were 10S on that particular work. .The idea was that the work should be started immediately, and he did not think any one could complain of that Tbo quicker it was started the better. (Mr. Homburg— 'That is the complaint.') It gave employ ment in the winter months instead of leaving it to the harvest time. (Mr: Homburg— 'Yon see it is not appreciated.') The work was being carried oat .at national expense, and it was noc altogether local in its character. .It would be impossible to carry out the work en exclusively local lines.. If they had adopted that in connection with the Happy Vauoy Reservoir aud employed only the residents of Noarlunga, . how would it have worked out?. (Mr. Roberts— ** You *are wilfully clouding the issue.') As it was a national expense it was a national work. Thoy were trying to carry out the i works with as little friction as possible. ? . ? Thu Hon. A. CATT said rightly or wrongly thero was a great deal of feeling in the district that a large number of pontons bad been employed on the various works who. were not residents of the- locality. .- He recognised the great difficulty of the Commissioner iu the matter. Ho was. . not- going to say any strong things about tho Commissioner sending up men from .Adelaide to work on that reservoir, out be . asked him in view of the fact that were so many unemployed in the North, as well as in Adolaide, whether he could not press on the work of,' the deviation of the railway with greater speed than at pre sent A great deal of money. had to be .spent there, and it seemed to him that the' depart ment could make a greater effort than they were now doing.. He wasconstautly receiving lettcrh from farmers who Had had no crops, and who were, in straitened circumstances, asking him to interview the Commissioner and obtain employment for them. The Commissioner had always met' him fairly and dono all ho possibly could. The difficulty to which his hon. colleague had so forcibly referred was partly due to the fact .that larpe numbers of men had gone into' tho district and thon called themselves local resi dents. The officers of the department had no means of ascertaining who the men were, and they obtained tb« work to the injury of tho local resident*. .' ? ? ''' '?. Mr. BATCHELOR said both hon. mem bers for Gladstone bad referred to the strong feeling in their districts, and probably it was tho name right through the other country districts as to the employment of local men. There was jtnt as strong » feeling in the city aawnptt the nen who were regular navvies and who were always employed on that par ticular kind of work— men who usually, were omployed on railway wcrk and lived in the city. Thoso men had an equal right to be considered as well as men from any ' other portion of. the colony. They, had ' been m the babit of going round the various Government works, but whenl they applied now 'Oh, local men only' was the reply. There were no local works going on near the city, where the difficulties attending oh the want of employment wen felt much more intensely than iu the country. ?' (Mr. Roberto —'Does it not cms the same feeling to bb bungrrin the country as in the city}'1) The hon. member knew that in tbo country the wants of s. family in distress were much easier known and much more, easily alleviated than in tho. crowded streets of Adelaide, where nobody knew their neighbours! (Mr. Castine —'Quito the opposite.') Did the hon. mem ber know of a severe case fa his district which was not alleviated? (Mr. Homburg—' That is not a fair way to put it') *The rexidonts of Riverton would know of a case of distress much sooner than if there was a, similar case in the city. (Mr. Homburg— '* Where does the charity of the city come in?') He was not going to quarrel with the country members because they were anxious to petrcork done in their immediate neighbourhood. ( Mr. d-t ine —'We do not waut to quarrsl with you.') He intended to as.«in them iu carrying or.t tho works that would be wanted in tho country, but he pointed out to the country members, who were now feeling tho pinch of tho unem ployed, that it was absolutely necessary that work would have to bo fount! for the people in the city as well as for thoso in tho country. There was a gnat fear on tho part of the Government to expend mom-y on any works coun'jeted with or near the city on account of tho country vot-.\ (Mr. Miller— ' Wo supported Happy V alley.') Yen, and men from ail over the i-oiony. and unfortunately from all over tho coionios, were omployed on* it Thero was tho jim|wal for an improvement of tho Adelaide Railway Station, which the Railways Commissioners said was urgently nei-esMry «omo year.* ago. (Mr. Homburg— ' West Adelaide.'} It tuatie very little difference to his district whether the works were in it or not. (Mr. Homburg— 'That is just the point.') Ouly the otherday he beard a- complaint that oa certain public works in the district of Wess Adelaide, of five -r six men employed all but one were residents - it Port Adelaide. His informant was the -nlv local resident, and that Iwing the ca&o; he kvas'shunted. He did uot make a noise About this in tbo Housu bceauu hu recognised that men were all about equally entitled to work cooing on ia thy city .i::d HulmrUi. (Mr. Uabcrts— 'Bui tho uien from. West Adelai Jo ;et work wherever they want it.''l He could *ay that mouin his district of West Adelaide liad invariably obtained work wherever they uouid cot it. fin wi*hcd to 'oriug under the notico of tho Govemuieat the necessity for not nei;locting works required near the city, particularly that of tho Adelaide Railway Station, thu necessity for which would bo fomo day brought borne to them by tbu loasof life aud limb. The Railways CommUsiouor-i had for rears said the station wa« unsafe. The work was truly a national one, because the station was the ter minal statiou for all tho railwas of the colony, and tho country had as much interest iu it as the city. It was because there was compara tively no work goiug on in the. city that men living in the city wore so anxious to get into the country on to works there. If the mover would help the city members to get moro pnblio works in the city as woll as in the coun try' he would find that the difficulty on which he nuoke would rapidly vanish. (Mr. Roberts — ' 1 make uo term* : I oul v want fairplay.'*) Mr. GOODE thought this was a matter which affcoted his district very nearly. Some of »ho city, membpra cot up with beaming facss and seemed to think it was a matter of little lnomeut. i-iWhen the Yongala dam or reservoir .was biguii bo waited on tho Com roissioiier of Public Works with various memorials. for local* employment from men with,' large families in his own district. But tho Commissioner' of Public Works treated them ,veiy'scnrvily;' when 'they did apply. They found [their places filled by mon from Adelaide,: Kapunda, aud other places. It seemed that a man could not get ou unless he had an SLP. backiiiR.bim up. He was told that .if ho bad placed his namo aftho bottom of the requisitions the men would have got ou. The country was entitled to the employment of its labour as much as the city. In times past tho country had beon fairly, able to main tain JU own labour, but through the. hard Kcasori it becams,necefi*ary to find employment for them! ..' . : ' ' ' .'-'''. 3Ir. CASTINE agreed with Mr. Batchelor. It was tltcir autyi to help those who could not bclp.tliemMlvoi. ^Hc'Vas glad. the Commis- &ioaer.; of Public Worku had taken back that promise .'of his 'that ho was going to give preference to local men in public works. The Commissioner had now sent away twenty.-five men frotn.' Adelaide at special rates. The debate was important as they woro settling the jiuestion of what should be done in.con ncction with tho unemployed in' the near future. If alterations were made in the Ade laide Railway Station perhaps some 43,000 or £4,000 would be sp^ent in that direction. From what the Commissioner of Public Works had said ho thought he would bo justified in going to him and saying be had certain worthy men in his district who had been unemployed for some time, and that hu wanted, him to tako them' on. (Tho Commissioner of Public Works— 'You don't hesitate to do that now.') Unfortunately be didn't gut them on. He could give numbers of instances of men with' families to keep who tried to get * on the Happy V*^°7 works, and- wcro refused unless they lived nearer, the works. Unfortunately for him a score or moro of his constituents wore to-day living in the city and suburbs ; they had come to town and become residents there because they could not got. work, in his district. They were peas manently settled. .and now that there wero no public works in Adelaide they were getting special tickets to get back to the country again. , Ho could give a list of a dozen men who had beon out ot employment three, and four, And five months, with wives and families to keep. .: One man who had not had work for some time had to keep his widowed lnotuer, and. said bo could not get work unless he Mr. Castine) interested himself ia his behalf. Whoucver '-local ' men' applied for work 'the engineers' were obliged to consider the list Bent in by the Commissioner of Public. Works, and. thus they' could 'not be taken on. .They should not make it a party qnostioa, but should employ worthy men, irrespective of whether they lived in Adelaide or outsido of Adolaide. . Mr'.. POYNTON said, without wishing to do anything to raiso. feeling between country ind town, ho wauted to emphasize the needy condition rof tho people' in the 'Northern districts. '. As %' result of the bad times, brought . about by tho failure tti tho crops' and the mortality amongst stock, it was like imparting coals to' New castle to send men from the city to work in the 'drought-affected country. Twenty-live men had been sent from Adelaide, and it was more than probable that in forty HMgbt hoars is many as uOO men could be obtained in the country. (Tho CommisMoner of Public Works— ''There are upwards of eighty local men employed ou the works, and the crops in the district were not a total failure. ') Ho bad just returned from the North, and though be bad no special grievance he wished to speak, kgtiiast 'the principjo' oT se&irae; 'men from any particular part into a locality wherb.more than the required amount of labour could bo obtained without such an . iuflux. (Mr. Batchelor—' Would you keep tucm at homo?') He was quite willing to assint in getting work for all tbo unemployed, but it must be patent to everybody that a greater kindness would be shown to men out of work by giving them labour in their own districts, thus saving; them the expenso of travelling to and fro. Tho idea that . tho men were given some considera tion in their railway passes was claptrap, because all the men bad to pay their own fares, tho pass they received being only an order on their work. But ho did object to the principle of 'sending7 men from one part to another,- especially in that year above all others. - During nis time there had. never been a greater dearth ot employment in the North than at the present, time. ' The motion was negatived. . SUSPENSION OF'STANDING ORDERS. -AGEICULTURAL DISTRESS. .', Mr. FOSTER mpwed^-' That tho Standing Orders be suspended to enable n» to submit the following resolution)— 'That in. view of the prevailing distress in the agricultural dis tricts in the opinion of this ' House : immediate provision should be made for further construc tion of roads, and tho Govemmontahould antici pate loan ? appropriation : for that purpose.' ' This /was tho (ires time for five yean that ho had attempted to move the suspension of the Standing Orders, and ho only did it then on account of the severity of the distress iu the agricultural districts. of tho colony. * There wen* families .absolutely without broad and without means of procuring oven a quarter of a bag of flour, aad. ho knew from personal contact with the, people of cases of sickness where, the doctor had said that the only cause of the. , illness had been the want of proper nourishment. He moved the. resolution at tbo urgent . . request of District ' Cojuticils in tho areas re ferred to. So far as ouo Council was con cerned nearly every member in it was strongly in favour of the question being br^ ought before the House immediately, so that particular cases of distress might . bo relieved. He did not prefer his request in order, to movo some thing which would produce panic legislation, nor did he wish hon. members to tmnk for a moment that in the districts concerned tho future outlook was gloomy. He did it simply to . help those who were iu distress to tido 'over the time of their misfortune. Business people and others had shown a praise worthy spirit of forbearance, and the farmers themselves had been struggling manfully against the advorse conditions, and so success fully that in most of tho northern districts during that year there had hardly been such a thing as- * meeting of creditors. The people were very hopeful, and every, day the prospect of an abundant harvest was brightening. Bnt in the meantime individual cases of distress required attention— cases which, if known by hon. members would, melt the hardest heart— and it was heonwe ? of the fact' that they were absolutely - unablo to\ meet ' ' such cases'. that the District Councils askeJ to bo put in a position . to lend a helpiug - band. Many of tho people had sqcb fino feelings that they had borne their poverty and sufferings in silence, and had nos even applied for assistance to the local committees : of . that oxeellent Drought-dUtTftsHed Farmers' Fund. But their condition was known to their neighbours and to the District Councils. lie and his colleaguo had represented tho matter to fho Govern ment, who desired to do something in the direction of giving relief, but who were in the unfortunate position of having no money what ever left undertheLoanAppropriationFundfor road construction : indeed, tho amount avail able h»d beea cxlwuitod something like twelve months ago. In askiug for a suspension of the Standing Orders he -3id not apply for any particular special bsnetir for thoso Northern districts over and abovo auy other districts in the colony in the matter of road construction, but he asked that- what money might in the ordinary course of events be expended in eight or nine months might he anticipated. a::d tinii the Government would be enabled to placo the District Councils in a position | to alleviate distress until barter times Arrived. I lie was quite sure that the Councils felt their I position intensely, and if a:iy duty wero put into their hands by the Government they I would carry it out most conscientiously, and ' tho result would be a great blessing to tho ' uccdy. Ho appealed to members to remember that not ouly waft the distress revere, but [almost all the nccc.-anrie» of life had to lie Drought from Adelaide and other parts of tho South or from the adjoin in? colonies, and he a.«kcd that tho truv condition of the people misrht he fcikon into consideration. Carried. Mr. FOSTER then moved tho motion which iic had rrad. Mr. BriJGOYNE said his colleague's re quest was not for any new work. All that was uskix! for was that work that had to be done should bo undertaken at onco. instead ot a few months hence. There wero exceptional circumstances necessitating their going on with the work. This or some other useful work ought to be put. in hand nut of all in wdsr to keep men in employment who could not.othcrwige.Hve. and to keep thorn in occupa tion and on the land ; while oao of the strouRCHt reasons was lhat the Government would have the work done at a less cost now than thoy might expect to have it dono in a more favour ablo riiao when other work awaited the settlor:. Cc-aidss, if the rotuis wer.-. proceeded with thoy would be ready for the bountiful horrcst to which they all looked forward. ' Tlie TREASURER (Uon. F. W. Holder) regretted tbas the mover had taken the co:irso he had that afternoon. bvcniHO to outsider*, if uot to themsclvc.'-. it would iiavc vi:ry nuicli the appcaranco of inuic lepisUtiun. and they ought not to ni^h anything in that way. especially when they could accomplish all they desired by acting calmly and deli jcmtely. (Mr. Copley—' Didn't you put hiru up to movo it?''l Tho hou. iccraber know that the hon. member tor Xi-uca-jllo \v;ls not to be put up in that way. Without cru&iing; any pauic the chiin ti- road construction \va* strong enoutjii to stand oa its own footinir, nnd it would have Ixx-n far preferable if Mr. Foster had taken the u.-ual course and ^huwu the importance of opening up eouutry by thu construction of ravl*, instead of tailing tho course he bad chosen to do tliut day. If tbo hoa. membor had n*l:cd t'.io H.i:i.-.- to approve his proposal in that way hu wrmld have be.*n sure of the Government support, bccaiijo li-- [the Treasurer) l:.i^ already announced to the 'lease tliac tho Government proposed to include iu any Loan Bill they might introduce £50.000 for tl«» very purpose There w.i* every prospect of a Loan Bill benitr introduced, as he thoughr that Parliament would authorize the purchase of the Glenulg Railway on fair ternv, and n» tbero waft a probability of both Hotisos aho agreeing to ths JBuudalenr water tchoine, a Loan Bill would bo a necessity, and in that the Government would lnoludo £*-0,000 for the construction of main road?. Therefore, it would have bocn better if the hon. member had bought to obtain what ho wantod by due notice iu tho usual way. Tito Government recognised tbo urgency of doing something for the colouists referred to, and hctl already recognised it. In the {-a*;thc pr,vticc liad been to give subsidies to District Councils aud Corporations for current rates. But tuauy districts had » been so circumstanced that they would have been ouly able to jret the subsidy on rates collected this year. The Government bad waived tho matter, and had said thoy would allow them to have tho subsidy, not only on the rates collected this year, but ou arrears of rates collected on account of last year. So that many District ' Councils had thus been enabled to carry on works which they could not undertake before. Besides that, ou last year's Estimates Parliament approved of £70,000 for mam roads, and he hoped to bo able to offer a no less sum this year in autici pation of the Parliamentary vote. District Councils and Corporations knew that they could obtain advances so that they could at once proceed with their work without delay. (Mr. Miller—' Have you made it known to them:') It was known. Thu practico had been in force for tho hist two or threo yoars. From » dozen to twenty District Councils had already this year availed themselves of this concession, and applications wero coming in from day to day, and the Councils would navo placed at their disposal at onco tho greater part of the £70,000. Any local body that deemed it wise to do so could at onco proceed with getting metal out and preparing for road construction. However, ho would not oppose the. motion. The Government had already announced that they were prepared to include £50,000 in the Loan Bill, aud this motion simply .'anticipated that measure. If this Houso 'were prepared to carry it and the other branch uf the Legislature .wore also prepared, the Government would acccpt-that asruHicient authority for advances against the loan thai might 'bo ' granted later in tho year. If tho House so decided, the Government would . set apart £20,000 or £25,000 of tho £30,000 for -the present financial year, and the . balance could /be spent during next Tear, or the - year ' after. The last timo £50,000 was borrowed for this . purnoso the amount was spread over throo years, .and he thought tbu expenditure ought to be spread over a similar period now. In tho. circum stances, the Government would agree to the motion./ '.-'''1 '?* . . ? '? Mr.McPHERSON thought .every hon. member sympathized with tho settlers in the agricultural areas, but Mr. Foster bad been exceedingly unfortunate in tho .way be had introduced his motion. He objected to motions like this anticipating Loan Bills. If they, passed this tbo Houso would pledge itself to facilitate the Government in passing a Loan Bill. (Mr. Graingor— 'That's it.') Ho could not really understand . the' Treasurer accepting the motion 'after . objecting to it. (The Treasurer— 'We don't .objoct to what is done, bnt to. tho.' way .in which it is done!') It looked . as though tho hon. .member;, for -Newcastle had some very strong information to Ro' upon before, he camp to the. Hoase.7 Tho Govern ment had thoroughly explained that District Councils could,, make application; to tho.Go^ xernment'now fortiioneys Which'Wu1d accrue to them during the financial year, and after that wliat more did Mr. Foster require? Mr. Foster had pht forward a good case, but the explanation of tho Governmont .was so satis factory that he ought to accept it rather than forco his motion to a division!'. If the motion wore pressed ho must 'vote Against it Ho did -not object to the Government doing all they possibly could to assist tho settlers to tido over' bad times; the Government would - be neglecting their duty if they did not render assistance. Although he sympathized with tho peoplo bo was not prepared to antiapato the passing of a Lean BilL It was a question whother the Hooso vna prepared to construct moro road* and borrow moro money to do it. . They had already spont fivo or sis millions in tho con Jitruction of roads, and were they going to ebntinue that without those who received the benefit of them paying the money back' to die State? (Mr. Foster^-' Who »ro thcy?^) Tho landowners/ (Mr. Foster— 'Wh6 receives more benefit than the ; City of Adelaide?') What would the land tax bo but for the city? Tho time had come when thoy should consider whether they should continue the present sxstcm or whether the land Ux should not be diverted to that particular thing? (The Treasurer— ' It would ruin the country.'). Ho asked the mover to withdraw the motion ratlier than submit it, as the, time was in expedient for such a proposal. ' . Sir. GRAINGER agreed with a coed deal of what tho hon. member had said, and he maintained tliat the idea of suspending 'tho Standing Orders was not quite according to Cocker. They had no right to deal with the question of the expenditure of money on motions for the suspension of Stauding Orders. Although lie agreed that it might be desirable to find immediate relief for tho people who required it, it did not follow that they should accept his statement as to how it was to bo provided. They could go along a great many country roads and too stacks of stones covored with pass that bad beeu growing for years. (Mr. ,Burgoyne-^ ' Only in Wallaroo.') Ho had seen it else where, where the unemployed had been given work breaking stones. It was an absolute waste of monoy, and was only to bonont the farmers, and if the harvest was going to be a rcmarkablv small one tho roads would not be required. * It was all very well for the hon. member to secure his point by a side wind and for the Government to oppose a motion and then sit down and support it. The Treasurer was equal to any political diplomacy. Tho Government had no business to undertake relief works whatever, In times of depression tho Government should push on public works, and in times of prosperity the same Govern ment should restrain their hand so as not to interfere with private enter prise, but the Government did ,v the vory opposite. In times of prosperity thev pubbed on tho public works and attracted a large population to Adelaide, tmii when the boom collapsed and as soon as tho work* were finiancd they discharged the men and so in creased the evil. That was bad policy and was unitatesmanlito. There were plenty of legitimate public -?. works that could bo carried out at this time instead -of tbo mere putting of a few more roads upon the schedule. Tho railways required tho expendi ture of a large sum to put them in order and to meet tho requirements of tho traffic, and thero was work to be dono in the conservation of water, so as to enablo the people to remain on the land. Those works wore justified, nnd would oring in, if not all the interest directly, would, by indirect means, bring in all the interest that was required. It was not right to get np on the spur of the moment and giro the Governmont power to spend untold amounts. If tho mover had been content with a bald resolution it might have stood by itsolf. He objected to tho bii&pension; of the Standing Orders to pass such a motion. The SPEAKER— I would point out that tho Standing Orders ha«e beeu su&pauded.; Mr. GRAINGER objected to motions ot that kind. The SPEAKER— I point out that the hon. member has already resumed his seat. Mr. GRAlNGElR— If I had re.snnied my scat it w.i3 too l&tu; for you to interrupt. Mr. GILES said is was a new experience for a privato member to tell the Government what they chonld do. I* seemed to him a great confession of weakne*?. (The Trea surer—' We announced it weeks ago.'') Then why did they not bring it on in the usual way? He co-.! Id Ii.-vvr brought forward the question of public works that would pay in his own district long a^o; bnt as it wor.ld beimpos siblo to carry diem it would have been a waste of time. For members to got up ono after another on informal motion.*, aud get tho Government to borrow money to spend in any way, whether it was right or wronjr, wiw unprecedented. Ho agreed that it wx« a wise' thing to push on public works, but it was a peat confession of weak ness on the part of the Government to admit that thoy bad no public works to proceed with. A short time ago the Government stated that it was » good thing to start the village settlements, because they would bo profitable, but did tho Governmont think that tbo £5.000 spent upon the roads would be proStabiu? A groat portion of it would be uncut in makicg heaps of stones to be covered over with grass, as t!iey wero on the Peninsula? Yimw ago, when the Government first took oiticc, thoy travollotl ovor tho eouutry from Port Gcrmeiu to Boolcroo Centre, .v.id they theu said i( that railway could bo con structed for £0.000 per milo they would iutrorluce a Hill for its construction ; Imt, as a resident of the diatric: then said, ' Of course, tho e~tim;itc will be &-,UU0 |J«r mile.'' Aud ko it was. It was utterly absurd to say thuf thoy could noc construct lined lor loss than JL'ti.OOO por mile, and if thry could not mako railways for less than that atiui they wcro not likely to find protitablu work*. Th..- railway could be constructed for considerably loss than £3,000 pur mile. Nearly tho whole of it would be spent in labour, and would jcive employment iu tho worst time, aud wou'.il open up some of the best land in South Aui-tralia. From the figures ho had lio was suro the lino would pav. The Goverumcnt estimate of £»?, COO was Iwst'tl upon a rate ot' wago of fcs. per day. wiit-iva; at that timo the rate being paid wm iw. por day. It wna strange that nil tho trouble ha-i been brought about bv the- mcia l-cra for Gladstone. (The Hoa. A. Catt— 'It u» Mr. Foster's motion.') Mr. RuberU started it. The people in thu district v.oukl have been employed if tha line had been constructed. Thv members fur Gladstone had always opposed tho railway. If tho Government wished to employ peoplo in a prolitablo way there were two lines of railway that would my, provided thai the estimates for them wero calculated ou the low rato of labour and not ou tho high rato. All over tho world theso cheap linfts of rail way were being constructed, and thoy wero opening up tbo country at tho same lime. The profr-scd line to Angr.vstoa would pay st once. (Mr. Grainger — 'If yon only bud tho traffic. ') It was better to havo cheap lines, of railway than expensive main roads which wcro always iu need of repair. Tho courso of action proposed in Iho motion would con stituu a very bad preeedant, and if tho motion bound Dim to agree later on to the Loan Tiill he would vote against it. (Mr. Graiuger — 'It is in tho Enabling Ac!.') Mr. McDONALD would like to know if he supported this motinti when, tlie money would beavailablc. (Tho Treasurer— 'If both Houses pasted such a resolution it would bs availablo at once.') They needed to bo very careful because those districts which wero suffering most required very tytlo to bo dono to their roads. If he supported this motion bo did not want tho Treasurer to say .afterwards. - ' Oh, you miut swallow the Gleuelg Railway and the Bundaleer water scheme.' Tho Treasurer had said that hu would not go to the London market for main-road purposes alone. With regard to advancing money to I'ibtrict Councils at tho present timo tho Treasurer had stated that he had not decided what amount he would placo on the Estimates for main roads. Yet the vote they wero passing this year was for next year's roads. (The Trcx«nrer— ' It is for this financial year.') At tho prcsout timo t'uo District Councils wore spendiug the money received from last year's grant. If Parliament gave thorn the right to spend this year's grant thiswinterhon would theycomeoff next winter? He thought they could spend money much hotter in making main roads than by sinking it in such undertakinss, as the St. Kilda draiuago works and tho village settlements. Mr. Foster would not get thiareonoy ono week earlier by submitting this motion than it would ?have been availablo if 'the matter had been allowed to como before the House in tho usual wav. ': ~ \At.y '-:?* '. ; . ? ' Mr. HOMBUKG hoped. the Houso would assent to tho motion, because if this loan was to.be of any houofit at- all it must be assented to at once. : He 'norjediUeliegitlativc Conncil would assent to it» Jvithout 'delay. (Mr. Grainger— 'Do you' expect to sret any of the expenditure about Sedan?') Ho expected to get bis share of it for tho con struction of 'roads whe're they were wanted in hia district. ' He protested against Mr. Giles's remarks as to this being a precedent. (Mr. Grainger— 'A logrolling job.') lie also pro tested against Mr. AlcrherfiOn's' obsorvations. If this motion had come beforo the Hnuso in tho nature of a. precedent bo should havo objected to it, but by! carrying it they wero merely doing what members had driven them into doing in IS!)3. When the Village Settle ment Bill was before the House of Assembly the. very thing which Mr. McPherson had ursed ajrainst this proposal was urged then. (Mr. McPherson— ' Authorized hy Bill. ') In 1883 they bad said ' Where is this money to come .from?' and; in reply, tho Government had said ' NVe are going to anticipate a loan which will be applied for some time later on.' (Mr. Grainger— 'You opposed it.r) Yes: and ho had said they wero setting a very bad precedent, which would certainly recoil on them later' on. -But having established that precedent he was going to follow it.. (Mr. Grainger— 'That is very wrong n) It might be wrbn?, but it was awfully nice. Tho Govern ment, tbo, had done procasoly thexame thing in regard totbeSt. KUdiotainase works. They had not got the money (Mr. McPherson — "Your Government did that.') Ho positively denied, and he challenged the statement that tbo Government with which bo was identified had dono anything of the sort. : What . Mr. Moulo did was to send somo ono' down to obtain a report. (The Commissioner of Public Works —'He. went down himselL') .' Well, would any ono say that the. fact of a member of a Gorornmcnt going down to obtain a report upon -v certain work bound him or his Govern ment to the carrying out of that work? (Mr.' Grauiser— 'It u generally the other way.1?) Exactly. (Mr. Solomon—' Don't, these hor rible examples show us what to avoid?') What about tho working men's blocks? Thero £10,000 was spent by the Government in anticipation of a loan. (Mr. McPherson— ' Which your Gorcrnmont sanctioned.'') No, all these works were initiated since the present Governmont took office; and with the assis tance of. their present. .supporters. During the past two or three years they had had similar delibcrato breaches on the part of the Government which they had justified.. Indeed tho Premier on one occasion had said that ho did not'carea snuff about tho Act. What he cared was .that he did. tho right thing. '' (Mr. Landsoer— ' Hear, liear.') .He did not ap prove of that. In regard to village sot t)o- uicnts the Government - had . .absolutely' dis regarded tho provisions of, tho. Act, and had done iust as tliey :plcascd about it. . Hu was perfectly justified i:i voting for tho motion: and he hoped a majority of members would support it. and . thus jrivo jjelicf to a very large number of country consritucnoiea. Ho would like to say a few words about the motion which had preceded tho ono they were discussing. [ Thoy liad ' heard .'?»' lot about the unemploy«J.. The hon. hienibur. Mr. Castino had said that there: wero sonio from his dis trict. Ho appealed to hon. lucmbers who reprosonted country constituencies to say how very little tho country members of the House bothered tbo.Governnicnt to find work for tho unemployed in their, districts: (Mr. Coney; beer— 'We got work for -tlieinl here.') '.The bon; member received no uuemployed. from tho district which ho represented, -and when thero wero unemployed: in liis distriot the District Councik themselves made an effort to find tho necessary, work for tho people, and that was. the right principle to adopt. '( 'Ms. Moodyr ' We sond pone.') He did not think that Mr. Moddy's district sent any unemployed; nor Yorke'a PoninsuU, nor «-me .of the other country districts, but - thore were Port Pirie and Port Adelcido and a few of the suburban districts who were always at tho doors of the Government clamouring for assistance. 'Thero were a large number ivhodid uot wmit to leave theoity.'but who always 'wanted to .'be om ployed us near Adelaide as possible. ^I'hoy did not want the trouble of ^finding a living iu the country. - Ho did not think one-half of those men put up with half the troubles, , nor woro thoy so frugal or so industrious as tfio people of tho country. ' People talked of balfrtime -and quarter-timei but-it wa« worsethan that. in the country. (Mr. Batchelor and. Mr. Coney beqr— 'It isnotime at all for some.'). He believed that and that was bad. The country might fairly have a turn now under the. pro posal which had been submitted by Mr. Foster. Undoubtedly thoro' wero ; .many districts to which tho vote would applv, aud in which there wero few main roads, and in which the whole of tho money, could bo., spent. It would be a boon to them. (Mr. Brooker— 'Will is be usefully spent?') In tho greater majority of cases tbo money would bo usefully spent unless the Government substituted rail-, wav*. - : - ? ... '??.??.?'? . ?'? -?.?,. ' '.:': ; Mr. BATCHELOR.. comnlaiued that the morion was too parochial. Ho proposed to add after the word ''agricultural' the words 'and other.' It would then read 'agricultural and other districts.' He . also wuhod to add at the end of tho resolution, 'and other public works.' (Mr. Solomon—' You will want a quarter of a million or something of that sort. ) It would give tho Government a free hand to anticipate a loan in any other direction than the main-road vote. Ho saw no reason why the Government should anticipate the main-road vote and no other. Frequently when waiting on the Government with a depu tation of unemployed, pointing out tho various works which tho Government could undertake, thoy had beon met with tho reply—'* Ye.-, theso works aro necessary, but the Gov-jrnrueiit cannot anticipate tho vote of the A^em My. Until tho Loan rjstiinatesare pa-si-.l :\k work cannot be done.' If it wa* necessary to anti cipate the road \ote in view of tin great distress in tho agricultural dir-tric;-. — and ho admitted tiiere . was great distress there as there was in the city— it was c-ually necessary to antici pato the loan voto to start otlnr public works to nUuviate distress in other than the agricul tural districts. Ho jiut as confidently ap poalod to tho House to support his amend ment um thu hon. member could fur support of the motion. Mr. COPLHY had had some little doubts as to the attitude hu would adopt on the motion, and that wa« tho rc.von why l:c with others did not challenge the hon. member when ho moved for tho Suspension of the Standing Orders to enable him to more his motion. It was a most; undesirable course to adopt, but be was bo anxious to hear what the hon. avjoiber was guinc to say that he allowed it lose- After ii,tcnin^ to tho vario«- .ircn- incurs that h-irt In-en uiKIuivhI, more cspuci.nliy by hu friend aud former coHea|*tie, Mr. Hombur?, hi: was convinced thai ho »liould uot vote for O.iv motion. Tho a'rgumcutt were tlj.it Kuoaiiftc tln-y had tlonu vrconi; it was advisable to euntimio doin? wiong. What they- saw Nearly was that the « rovvrament had abuseil their ntiwttr and the trust re|-3*u*l iu them i-y tlio lluufcand tho people generally. I -ut that wxt no ration why they should por {-utiMtu it. Tliero woro tnauy districts, UK-ludiug tho one he rcnrcsciitcd. in whicti there were- no railways, and tho motion wonld !-o a popular one. bnt it was not tho right ??ourso to adopt, lie could rvm*u-bor-a few little things which had happened during tho past few year.-. When the present Speaker was a colleaguo of the present Agent-Gonoral thoy took a certain political line ' of action to all-jviate distress in the Northern districts, and anticipated votes and tuailo advances to District Councjls. so that tho necc'sarj work might be carried out and tho peoplo employed. 1 lo opposed it at thu time, and the upt- aker aud . his colleagues had been continually condemnod by tho very mon who were inoviug that morion to-day. They refused to supply wants in one direction, aud jot they ilfojrically .-nked for a grant of xl.WO toono District Council and £1,000 to another for iluconstnjctionof main roads to country which wa.-- uot suitable for occupation; lie h.td hulTcrcd much through mureprcsenta Uon in oppo.iins that motion, and yet the vory same men took up tho cry to meet the ox ccntional distres.*. Ho was not going to be a party to it. (Mr. Foster—' It is not the same. It is necessary that this should be douc') It was unnecessary that roads should bu constructed in the North out of loan money, which would be simply wasted. They would bo wide thoroughfare* v/hich would incur ad ditional expense for maintenance that was not necessary. The Tnja*uror put on an appear anco of virtuous imiicnation when ho asked innocently enough if Mr. Foster had been put up to movo the 'motion. lie thought he roust have been raut.ikon from tho manner of the Treasurer ;-nd tho appcaraucoof hi* countc nanco. hut wheu thoy found that the Treasurer was g^iiic- to support tho motion was it auy wonder that hon. niomhcn put two and two together, and were apt to surmise that any action taken by Mr. Foster was with tho knowledge of the Government. (Tcssuror— ' Wo oppos-Hl the suspension of the Standing Orders.') Where was the t«en.»e in that whoii they agreed to tho motion tho hon. member brought forward? If the Go vernment had announced ? that in order to meet tho emergency they were going to allot some money for construc tion, and that whon nnothcr Loan Bill was introduced, which would be tho case before long, thev would tako it out of that, be did not think they could have raised any objec tion. They should not commit themselves to thn passing of tho Loan Bill. Mr. McPbcrson's position ou that point was logical enough. But ho was not loerical when he caino to the question of the village settlements. (Mr. McPherson — 'Yes, lam; I assisted in parsing the Act') Ho assisted in the expenditure of money which had to be taken cut of loan afterwards. (Mr. McPhcraon— ''That was noted in tho Act') The issue of tho motion was very simple. All who knew tLo country acknowledged the cmorgcucy. Tho position was one of prin ciple, and* the motion should not be supported in the way it had beon brought before the House. Tho CLERK-Ordcrs of tho Day. ' Mr. PltlCE rose to continue bis remarks on the Commonwealth of Australia Bill. Mr. BllOOKER— On a point of order ? - The SPKAKKll— Order. The Treasurer will probably movo that the Orders, of the Day be postponed until the debate on this motion is concluded.. ' ' , ? Mr. PMCE rose again. . -' i Mr. BBOOKEB— On a point of order1-^.. The SPEAKER— Will the ^hon.; member take hia.ssat? Inasmuch ax^the Standing Orders aro suspended' I think; thu motion should be oondnde. ? . '-. ; v :?* '; ?'.*??;?? ' i' . Mr. LANDSEERrose. ' *; ' ' ,'?' Mr^SIcPHEUSON— As a'faet haye!not the Standinj; Orders been inspended/jjut^not'tho Sessional Orders? ? ;' ; V^ '%--=??-' Tho SPEAKER— ThoSttndfng Order says that' two hours after the House .meets the Orders of the Day shall be called' on. ? The Sessional Order has nothing to do with' it. Mr. HOUKIGAN-Did not the hon. member move the suspension of the Standing and Sessional Orders? TheSPKAKEtt-No. Mr. LANDSEERsaid they all knew that the northorn portions of the colony had undergone* exceptional hardships and difficul ties such as bad not been experienced in the history of South Australia before. They could easily understand that the language used by Mr. Foster was unfortunately far too true. And under those circumstances why should they not suspend the Stauding Orders to try and bring: forth something to help these [people in their dire distress? ^$bt a member oT^he HolSu would Bo^woftnyof his poution if ho did not help the hon. member to suspend the Standing Orders. Ho was ono of thoso who ?admired a Government in any country that would not stand upon tha rcd tapo system ? always, but would en deavour, when tho opportunity was earnestly required to meet it. The present Government hud in ono or two instances done this, and he said all honour to them. He respected the movor of this motion, the more because ho believed him to bo a man who would not occupy the time of the House unless he felt it was necessary to do so. Appreciating the circumstances of the case, the hon. member had taken this opportunity of doing what he thought right. He' did. not believe there was any conniving 'between' Mr. Foster and the Govornment, but believed' tho motion arose from the pure,, upright, straight,' manly thought of tho bon..memb« in endea vouring to meet cirbumstaucea which ho know. He baa pleasure in supporting the motion. ? ' ! , Mr. p'ilALLEY said, it seomed to him as he sat .there and carefully listened to the mem bers who' opi-osed the motion that it was like the retreat at the first. Bull's Unn. Ono of the sergeants flying from thore wont up a treoj a colonel came along and ' said. ' Sergeant, come out of that tree.' But tho sergeant said, 'No fear;. you want to come up yourself.' To-day Mr. Foster was in the tree,' and whilo it was not 'the Government tree yet tlio Govcrnment^waii not shooting at him. Hesaid all honour to Mr. Foster for trying to bring this motion beforo tho House for a specific puqx»e, in order' that hungry Dpiflberits might hot perish .in South Aas-; tralia, and their eropty-stomached: children starve on .tho withered brcauts. of want. 'It was nil very nieo f or gen tlonion , wi th pockets well filled to {talk: about postponing ' ? this thinar for weeks' and months, but; all Uie while thero wero those who wanted tho necessaries of life.1 and ho hoped and'. trusted1 the motion would pass. They were' not iu ' this country waiting for ; the : purpose, of making others, suffer; tho way : to be happy was to make others happy. _ Tho Treasurer spoke about';' panic' ' legislation, but while popple wero going hungry thero was no such thing. -?' '???:'*? ???'.'??'?' ???';'? 'r. .? ; ^-. V^':.^1; Mr. CONEYBEER; was. # sorry; that Mr. Homburg should bavo ou this occasion raised tho cry of country, against town, as was done on the occasion of almost overy question like tho , ono before them. Ho was lioing to support Mr. Foster's resolution. , bo- CHUso ' it was .absolutely, necessary that something of . the sort should :.; bo '? dono.' But he was extremely glad thftt Mr; Batchelor had .amended the motion, so that it would co a little outsido the .?cope indicated by Mr. Foster, and it .. was with: thAsei amend ments he was going to. support tho motion. All those : who. represented citv and sub urban districts knew perfectly. , well ' the' want . that' was vexporienced. in the; country districts* ^ but it M-a* not; confined to _ tho country dlstricta. If any one wanted a' little experience of the amount of want there wti in the colony, and ss to whether it wa3 confined to the country, let him puc in a little' time with a member who represented a city or suburban district, witness his morning loveo of thoeo out: of work,' hungry, and wlUu(r to do any kind of work to earn a. -little bread. These facta stared them in the face. It reflected very littlo credit on Mr. Copley to try and insinuate that Mr. Foster was put up by the Gxtvcrhment or by any one else, :. Mr. Foster had done what be had out of con«dera tion f or tho sullorin jr» of tho peoplo. It might not, be 'popnlar for him . to go uu the line* bo was goinp, but lie intended to voto for the motion as amended,. because ho knew the work was necessary, and that the monoy would be well sprat, as the work would have to be done later on if not now. There was not the slightest doubt that our roads were at the pro sciit time in a terrible condition. .Thoy might also take into consideration tho liundalccr water scheme, aad the preparatory work to (rcttintr rid of that disgrace on North-terrsce, tho railway station, and putting up comcthing that would bo saft-r and look a little civi lized. There would lie raonoy spent in the ri^bt direction, to eive work to rauay who were willing and ready and able to do it. Without any *eli!shmoti\e ha ecald say that , as rc^ardi-il KXpcnditurj upon main ro.'/Js iiis district wo:i!«i undoubtedly partidpati;. (Mr. McPhorson— ' It is all for construction. -*ot a penny of it will go to yon.') There would \k muny artcrii--. to uiaiu roads v.peta which so-n»: of this mcn«»y would havo to 1-ospont. Mr. (.'ALDWKLL moved the adjournment of the ile'twte. Xrgotivcd. Mr. GALDWELL said the matter was sufiiricntiy iniportant in itself to demand meet \--.wfui consideration, but it had been made much moro important by the amend ment. Ac pn**ent the nvccsMty f«.r relief was particularly pressing in some localities, and the ntct-ssity for :!;?; ??xi- enilituro cf moaey r.pon main ro-.iis iu many districts besides the nortuern was e'lusllv pressing, but there wa^ no reason why ' they should not do iheir bosincti in -i'cency and order. The proceedings on tLo present occasion wcro very irregular, moro to than he could recall in any previous experieucs. They ? , ?-/??v-wg.-«;!r,iJiiJiWifc&J;*ii'J8!»' ftrir ;v ? r t-'-'-'j-- wero gottug^pn^-^rjrpjungerp^ar'iines,''«ttd there was. 116- saying^whatytu'o.'ci^isoquenciM would ta. Reqiieati-^liacl ^Eicen.- ma'do from many p:irts of liiii'dktrict: for. nionoy to bo expeuded iipouniaiu: rqaXX npd.iho action of tholmu. memljcr would.. 1m ychj 'popular and ukinjr nt pr.xsout,' but, it^iuight placo them financially in'o. Very strange' 'pcwiliou, end lw uvukl hko . something morn tangible to fo on thau Mr. -Foster had submitted. Iu would have liked him to fortify hu claim by voiciiip the *but-menWof lo^al bodies in tho North, tulliug thsm that diiTnrcnt Coun cils, who represented, tlio .people in a souse, wero pressiiiR ujton his attchl!6ii tho necessity for doing work to find mean* oT subsistence for the unemployed, who wcrfc likely to starve. But no Mich cane had boon brought beforo them. ' aud they were {eft to draw vaguo couciusioiis from iusulficicut and 'unsatis- factory materials as to tiw ;tssisitanco thoy should render on the present occasion. Ho regretted that an adjournment had not been agreed to, and lio-K-d that the discussion would be continued until it was allowed. Mr. McLACIlLAN said that a3 a farmer, and speaking from tho farmers' standpoint, hit troubles, and the troubles of many othern, wcro tho want of something to carry, over the road*. Tliorc had never bocn any trouble about the roads so long as there was plenty of stuff to take to market. Fifty rears ago thoy used to have to cart their stuff, from twenty-fivoto thirty miles -ithoat -thero boing a-foot of motal on the roads, and this within fifty ni\\)es of Adelaide.' nnd in- ono, of the best wheat growing districts ?. in iSoutlr Australia. And yet hero was a motion to co into tho loan market and get money to build roads iu their drought-fttrickon. districts, . .where absolutely for the past two years there h«l been nothing to dart. ; j,Mr. rosterA'.'\\\Tiat alxmt ijcfore then?') Evon before that time tho roads had never been had. Aa a f armor ho knew that in the months of January, Febniary, andMureh the roadi wero always good; they wcro too good. They had already .'spent oetxrecn five and six millions in roaduiakingr.aud they had gono quite far euough in this 'direction ; and ho was uot going to givo his voto at prcsout for tho expenditure of another £30,000 for tho same purpose, especially where tho arid dis trict* wcro concerned. .: Ho was quite con fident that farmers had no trouble at all to cart their' stuff orer the roads, and for that reason he would vote against the motion. - Mr. SHANNON fully, reibgnisod the im purtanco of doing- homothing to relieve tho distres-s and he thought that the opposition to tho proposal' had ' been very \yoak. A prominent member of the Opposi tion had said that if tlio Government had proposed to -lo this thing aud had propoccd to take it out ot* tbe first loan money borrowed ho could have no objection to it, but because an hon. member recognised tho unfortunate condition of the people in lib dibtrict' aud many other districts and brought the matter beforo the House, strong objections wero raised. Then it had been said that Mr. Foiter hsd been put up by the Government, and he took a great exception to that remark. (Mr. MePhorson— 'Well, hasn't ho?') To his knowledge Mr. Foster wax not but up by the Government any more than Mr. McPherspn was whon ho got up. As to Mr. Giles's re marks, the least ho expected froman hon.r membor when he attacked another's district was that ho should stick to facts! ?: Mr. Gile* had said that there was any auiount: of -stone lying alongsido the : roads' 'on-' Yorko's Peninsula with the grass growing through it. He invited Mr.- Giles vto.- point' out where ' such was tbo case. -. Ho '.did', not believe that there wa» more tban'500 'yards of metal unspread on the wholePehinsula.' It had all been put on, . and ?' they ^wanted more. He was sorr-' that somo of tho - money pro posed to be spent could uot be used in niain tenanoe of tlie roads, but he- was; sure that if the money were put in to^ tho hauds of tbo District Councils it wouldbo spciut jndioiously and to the ' best advantage.' J It was a grave reflection oh those local Uxlios to say that the grant - would be squiudered, ~andv.,ho_.had stronger faith in local govcnimeat._than- to balievethat. ? :; v-VK'' .&; The Hon. A. CATT statodthat it bad been said that the District Councils .themselves bad not asked for tho grant. Judging irom his own experience this was not' W tact.'iaasmuch as thero wero six Councils, in^bi&district;^And during tho past week two. of them bad asked him to approach the Treasurer, with. a \tck* of getting money for Toad ^construction., . (Mr. Caldwell — ' I said that that atatouient had no: bocn made publicly here.')* ' He did not see eo much .objection to the manner in which tho question 'bad been 'introduced as some mombera did. In the past thi-y had provided ? a certain; amount- for '.road construction, and in viewof . tlio^greit distress which existed, especially in tbo 'district ropre sontcd by Mr. Foster, thatihon: member was quite justified. in talang the;cour8o:hb had adopted. Homlw no objecticm- toaoticipating what at any rato Hhcy . would :: Itave' to agree to' expend later on. Although ^ho -was not a Single Taxor, nor. in favour of-fnereasing tho land tax, at tho same 'time if .thoj: used their money for'; the r construction oft roads the land would have to be tiiedto pay tha.'intorost«ni the ^capifil .-R»rrp»ca:ff6r- fBSBffi&SF;&Iq; had out 'this aipect of the;' question ito Bis constituents, arid hnd ? told them : that: they would havo eventually , to ' bo iaxed to meet the interest accruing on the loau. Tho mbra bere of the , agricultural districts j. might also view the question from. tbis- standpoint and ask for as ' little money as ppssibfo. ;;.Thoro were a number of roads . in tho' North which would be spoilt if the surface were'eut up. A tbreo-chaiu ? road in some '- ? 'caaes,^ was: 'all that was necessary to carry ^ the' ;heavy traffic after harvest - without beinrmetalled. ? The soil, in some parts was of such a character that it hardened after a certain' amount of traflSc had - passed over it, so r that iu some parts of tho North -where' the roads were three chains widoit. was?a\miataltc to spend a lot of money in majting-lfi or 18 ft. of motal road in the centre oriat one side fora short disUnco only. It seemed' to him 'that some of the money had .'not' been . spent- judi ciously in thU direction/:; ''Ho~wbald'Eupport the , motion. ? but ho would' rather ^,that : the Government had had sorao piiblfcworks to go on with which .would- absorb?. a largo quan tity of tlio available labour/ VHq thought that ,tho Governmont ought' tb?havogivcu more consideration to this quoatioh during tho recess, and havo cro thw introduced works of a reproductive nature, of which, jdesirable' ones had been named. -. He regrut'tjed .'the necessity for dealing with thai : subject^ T^it; he : know from personal experience tliat;- the distress iu certain quartern was very uikrkod indeed. The Trcasuror had said that he .would antici pate tbo Vote ? for ? maintei*.anc*o : p-irpostw, which would bo a great ad vaht«o, and would help people! tn tide' over theirj difficulties .for sonic time. But more -.ti«ithaf would be re quired for the northern 'districts; and as lie could not sco anything better thau the^motion »ub niitted he would support ifcV !'.£:?*?:.;?! v '?'*?' r ''-.i- . Mr. SOHEKK would not .liaye spoken on the motion if the cry of- towti^versiw country had not been raised. . Ho had of teu' lodged his protest : ajraiust' that . cry,' bccaiiso ho had always considered it liis duty.to.sce that tbo interests of the country-as well; as tbo city wero' cousidercdJ Ho wo^d bo bno of . the last to Bay, a single word, against ''any works proposed in tho country, .but- ho' expected the same; from thoso members ??.who; represented country districts' where tlio city V-w concerned.' He a/rood with the romarks of Mr. : Caldwell that the motion was a risolly 'important one, nnd he considered that- timo shotikl | bo 'given hon.' members to consider theimportance of it. but be did not agroe with nim Jin' saying that 'the motion ought to . bo *; ad joornod, '. because now, and nowonly, was the time to »iy( whether the action suggested should .be:'taJcon.or:'not. lie , would ; 'support the' motTon^' although ho wished * it had been «ubtnitfed;in'a different way. He should ? bitve liked- 1 ho'Gpvcrnmcnt to hayo announced tho pobli'c i'.Works policy thoy proposed to proceed withT' A favourablo harvest- was ;|n prospect. ?'?'aaiPif'-'thotd .who vrarebut of work .could be' helped |to' tido over till harvest-tiioo much good :(woultl be done. If it had not been for the mariynew buildings that had recently been erected 'and wcro still going'- up in the suburbs -the number of un employed in tho cityand district would bo quito four times oSgrVat a» at present. Tho Chairman of a District Couueil waa fully ompowcrtd on -hi* own ^responsibility to re'icvo -distress to, «. certain extent. Wonld tho 'Government promise to place boforo the Boiisc their public works policy not later than this time next week? Ho wanted to sco somo thing practical aecomplvhed., 'Nothing would be -done, this sessiqhTwith .regard to .public work* unless the 'Government^ made thi« announcement very oarly, as' tbo time would be spent on' tbo Commonwealth Bill. - VMr. MOODY svinpaihizcd with the motion, and would beartilv support 'it if ho did not think it was a bad precedent. . The roads of the colony were never worse than thoy were at the present time *6 far as hk long expe rience went. Tho construction and mainte nance of roads did not represent a relief work, but a work which must be undertaken. He regretted that Mr. Gtainger had made the remarks he had. He acknowledged t he ability and capacity of that bon. member, Imt ho usually went out of his wav when ho spoke. The grant!* to main roads lab: year aarl the year previous were quite inadequate for kesp ing the roads in.propar repair. Many did not know the hardship* aud Milfcriii}.' settlers in many pirta of the T-Torth and North-Eist were undergoing. .As far »j his experience went he had never found a Government moro inclined to do justice to each district and ;»ivc work as f:ir as *fw iu their power than the preicut. Government. Mr. CUMMINS rogrctted the neoc.v-ity for the motion. At tho cad oi last Jc^ion ho tvu- .?urpri.Mjd at the apathy nianifvsced iu this niftttcr. As a uqw mctiiber Lo fflt diffident to bring it fortvard, but every country ntombcr must havo foreseen that sonwthinc would have to bo done. People wiro now in ;i very bad plight. No dr-nbt tho nuwt prompt nn-J ex p-.'tlitiom manner nf deal ing w::h it wouid be for the various Dibtrict Councils to n:i'.icii.j.to their subsidies and maintenance vi tf . On-- hon. member hail mid the money would bo squandered, bnt his ex pcricnc-3 u-.if tlsat no in vr-y would bo more judiciou-.iy expended. Th.- 'jnowtown DUtrict Council and other District Councils ? in hiv district made the money go as far as possible, aud ho believed thu «\me could bo said nf nearly over}- District Council in the colony. He had eocii no u*?le« metal lying about. Tho trouble was that the monrv was not available. -Mr. SOLOMON had listened t-i tho debate with a great dcul of interest as one who was not concerned in tho quwtiou of thu uuiu roads, and hu had come u- tho cunclubion that although uit-niijcrs hn'l t»id a great tlcal about tho diitresa, c-»;K;ti.illy in the uotthcrn dis tricts, they hc-ul not heard a single argument to justify thorn iu pasiint; such u resolution as tho ono proposed. There was nothing to d\o\v the nucoasity fur tho cxwntlitnro upon ucw roads. Mo one interested iu tbo countrv dis trict* bad shown where tho new road* should beconiatructed.and wliat'they wore to cart upon them. (Mr. Foster— 'I thought every one who kucw tho colony knew that.') So far as he understood, tho* railways in tho North bad been able to inauage nil tho traffic con nected with tho last two or three harvests. As Mr. McPherson had already pointed out, they had expended £5,000,000 in the construc tion of main roads, and yearly spent soino £00,000 in maintaining thero. (Mr. Butler— 'Only about £2,000,000 lias boon spent.-') Tho amount did not affect hU argument. He pointed out that the 'motion was not urged upon the ground of the necessity of new roads, or upon the fact that there wonld bo an orcrnowing harvest, and that tho, roads would be required as feeders for the railways. The whole argument had been on the ground of sentiment, and an appeal had been made to those who had a lot of relief work done in tbe city, and who sm the distress in the country to a.siist tho men in tho eouutry. not l-ccauEc tbo road* were wanted. (Mr. Foster —'No.'') Thon if they wore wanted the Government should havo included them in tbe ordinary way in the public works policy, and riiould not havo left it to an hon. uiombcr to bring it down as panic legislation, and urge the House to give tho Governmont a froe hand i» advancing sums of money— £30.000 or moro —and to rely upon the House to pass a 3jo.mi Bill to cover it. Mr. McPherson bad given the best argument why they should not sup port the motion, and that was because by no doing they would bind themselves to the pass ing of ya Loan Bill. The Government wonld not brine, down a separate Bill for that ? item, buV. the amonat would bo tasked on to a numbor of others. lie could understand tlie compliant mood of the Governmont, who.' first blamed the mover for bringing the motion on in the way ho did, and thon agreed with it ; The expenditure of sums of mouoy'on main roads was a pleasant way to give a sop, to the country districts, and the Government gladly accepted the motion of a prirato member, which took the responsibility : off them, and ~ gavo them' carte ~ Uanehe ' to advance money and tack' it on to a Loan Bill.' ' If thero waa any necessity for tbe expenditure of money on roads it was not in the districts served by railways. Tho roads in Iho North were good roads from the fact that owing to tho' light '? rainfall tho natural roads could be used for all .uecesaary purposes. W*Uat were the facts in /connection with tho country? Tho Govornment' bad advanced £50,000 for sued wheat, tho railways had . been used at . tho oxpenee of the taxpayers to carry tho stock of ?Jio' distressed fanners to commonage, and large sums of money liad been subscribed by the pnblio for the relief of the distress, and now they were; asked to agree to a pnblio works policy that would give employment to tho surplus labour.', .BIr. Homburg bad men Honod tho , village settlements and the St. Kilda - works as cases when - they had antici pated a Loan' Bill, but ho could not have better shown his appreciation of tbo objections to tho motion beforo the House than by uion tioniiig thoso matters. He had asrunch sym pathy with the ' distress in- the eouutry ax iiny luomber iu tho House, and ho thought Tthit',, if ..they '.1 bad s|icnt some of .their timo last' session in discussing a public worku policy instead 'of wasting' it .over social politics, it would have been a ereat deal better for tbo colony, aud tho surplus labour would havo been absorbed. .As regards tho' village settlements, they .wero voted '.for by' loose : who wero senaitivc, iiod whoso, ? heart*;, were better, thau their judgments, ' and ; who' , were ' )vd astray by ; . tho ? samo ? frothy eentimoutal argu ments -thcy^had beard' that day. Jf the Government would' bring .forward' a public work» policy that would do -good to all aections of :thb community , he would support them if thore was the slightest chance of its returning interest, but it wotiid be extremely wrong to throw away monoy.' Hiring regard to the necessities of tlio caso and tho manner in whioh : the motion had been introduced, ho would oppose it The Hon. Sir JOHN DOWNEB said he was not present when tho motion was intro duced, but be understood that, upon that iin portant; matter that1 peculiarly affected tho Treasurer— finance— an arrangement bad been made botween the Government and a friend of theirs. (Treasurer— 'That' is -not so.r) Then' tbo mover could .correct., him;, whon j, be ropliodif he misundorstood it An arrange ment ,L%a beon nwd8-beTw(»n-=lEc'G5i:erir. ment and one of their supporters to mbve-tuo suspension' of tho Standing; Orders upon . a Government ilay for the; purpose, of bnuging forward a motion not of .such .urgency that if roquirod' to be debated tbero and then ^Treasurer—;* I; said: that, when : I spoke.') —but. which took: tho business out of the haridb'of the Government and the Govornment did not divide. It took out of the hands of tho Treasurer a matter that peculiarly affected him, prevented a serious debate upon a matter thoy had met to consider, and it was a motion sprung upon them without notice, but- he thought with a perfect understanding between the person who moved it and tho Government. If the llouuo carried this resolution, and on a suspension of tho Standing Orders without uocice Rtithoriwd tlio Treasurer to spend £50,000; it would simply be the duty of tho Houso at a later stage to confirm what bo had dono. It was to avoid this that our Standing Orders- and all our Parliamentary procedure had been so carefully arranged to prevent the expenditure of money without tho fullest possible conftidcratiou. After having with tho infinite trouble of ages established a system which w*s to prevent tho identical thing which was proposed to bo done now, they had a strong supporter of tho Government moving aud thevGoveniuicnt allowing a suspension of tho Standing Orders, and uo doubt tho Govern ment wcro. goiug to suppjort the motion if it came to a voto. Tbe motion had two offocts— first of all to tako the money vott out of tbe hands of tho Government, and secondly to do it in tho most irregular way, and to sacrifice all tlie safeguards thoy had in order to prevent unduo expenditure of public inonoy wituout proper consideration. It was from this point of viewrathcrthanon tho meritsof the motion that he entirely deprecated this discussion. If the matter oarao to a division he would voto against tho motion, not as declaring that ho was against tho expenditure, but for the purpose of declaring that he was entirely opposed to an arrangement of this sort— put up as it was at a moment— to inoorsuehan expenditure on a motion submitted without notice. . Members ought to bear m mind that the irregular thing done to-day was tho pre cedent for the irregular thing done to-morrow, and tho only possibility of working on safe lines was to work caret nlly and surely and not to bo unduly precipitate. The Standing Orders-had been cstab!i?lu-d by \vi«c men as a means of preventing hasty legislation, and he therefore asked the Government from thoir point of vjow to reconsider this matter, for unlesv they did no they wonld Gnd this mi awkward prcocdeut at somo future time, and have 'much tea-ton to regret that bscauao it happened , to suit them at the moment thoy sacrificed a big principle, if au enemy wm at their gates they might pass hnity legislation. (Mr. Miller— ?*'Wo have an enemy — want') Was there any reason to take tho courte that bad been taken? (Mr. Solomon— 'Tbe motion docs not limit the expenditure to £50.000.') Really it gave carte Uancht to the Government to spend in new roads— they did not know where— or in old roads in places not defined. (Mr. Foster—' Just in the »a'nie way as your Government, did it ia tho past') The Treasurer had deprecated this lino of action although he was going to support it It was to .be exceedingly regretted that on such a matttr as this tho Treasurer had not taken it in hand and brought it Wore the Houso in tho proper and constitutional way, and not have allowed by a sidowiud a private merahcr aad friend ot tbo Gooornmont to take a big matter of public policy out of the hnnds of the Government siid obtaiu a hurried decision on a subject which ought to bo a matter of the most careful deliberation. lie hoped some member would move tho adjournment of the debate, and that it wonld be generally agreed to. If they wore to come to a decision thoy ought to havo a little moro information than was at present before thorn. Unless the matter was ono of special urgency ? (Mr. Foster— 'It is. Tlio people are starving. '\ Well, were they starving last. Thursday? (Mr. Foster— 'Yes, and tbe Thuroday ba ton.') It w»s a great pity, then, that the hon. member had not given notice of a. motion which would have appeared on tbo business paper, and would have enabled others to have thu advantage of hi« information. Mr. Foster's I answer condemned tho motion. To ask the Government to *pt:iid £Hi,QQfl ? ;Mr. Foster— '' Which they would have spent if this motion was not moved.1') That made him more s-uspicioua. Tlien, thi* motion was made fciinply to give au authority to the Goveni nien: to do that which thoy meant to do without the motion? The Honro ought to hesitate before giving Parliamentary autho rity to allow an unlimited expenditure. The motion simply nas ' immediate provision should l-o niado for th-.- further construction of roadrf, aud the Governuu-nt should anticipato a loan appropriation for that purpose.' They co-ild not liavo anything plainer than that. It was absolutely nulolinko in time, amount, or anything else. (Mr. Foster— 'Tho Govern ment will make it definite.') Tho whole object of the motion was to give out- V'»-KJir to tho Govornment to «pend absolutely an unlimited amount out of x- loan not yet borrowed for the purposo of tbe construction oi thoso public works whie|| tbe ' House had never '-m—A+Tmtis and which they would novor have aa oppor* tunity to consider except for the purpow«C confirming the acts already done. SpeakisC' from a constitutional point. 'of view, he hoped. that dooio hon. member would move th« md*- joiimtuent of tlio debate so that if the motioa was carried it should bo carried after much consideration, and with tho hopo that tbo Hou.-e would toy tothc--overnmi-nt — 'Brinff it forward and let us deal with it in the ordi nary way, and do not tfet some bon. friend to brin^' a motion forward which would iuvolve thu expenditure of thousands of pounds.*' Mr. J).VltLlNG moved tho adjournment of tho debate. Tho motion waa declared carried. Mr. I'OSTl'.lt called for a division, whita resitl ted as follows :— ? Ayes. 22.— Mesirs. Archibald, Bstchdor, Caldwell, Castine, Copley, Sir .lohn Downer, Messrs. Duncan, Gilbert. Giled. Goode, Hague, llandyside. Homburg. Hourigan, MacGiilivray, McPhersou, Price. liaadeU, Roberts, Solomon, Wood, and Darling (teller). Noes, 23.— Messrs. Blacker, Brooker. Bur goyne, Butler, Carpenter, Catt. Cock. Coney* beer, Cutnmin!*, Glynn. Holder, Hoopr-r. Jenkins, Landscer. McL.-u.hlan, Mi Hot, Moody, O'Luughlin. O'Malley. Poynton. Scherk, Shannon, and Foster (teller). Majority of 1 for tbe Noes. Mr. DARLING quite agreed with tiro mover as to the distroas prevailing throughout tbe country, but be could not follow him a* to the immediate urgency for bringing in » measure in the way in which he bail done. If it was a matter of such extreme urgency where public expenditure became alyolutcly nccos* aary it was tho duty of tho Government, whoso finances were directly concerned, tn have brought tho matter dpwn to the Ilouso with its recommendation. Then if it wan a* urgent as had been contended by «omft members it would probably not hare been objected to. If extremely dangorous pre cedents had been established they should not follow them. Tbe sooner they discontinued them tho hotter. Ji was notr becauso his sympathies wero not with tbe diic tressed fannoru is the North that be opposed the motion, but because it was introduced in *? way which would be extremely injurious to the producers of the country. They should ha extremely careful in legislation of that nature. Where their sympathies were concerned they were likely to bo led astray in ende&vouring-; to assut thoso in dit*tres*. but they should not commit themselres to legislation of that vort without mature coushlnration. They had. no information supplied to them as to where the roads were to be con structed, what new roar's wero to be made, what sort of labour was to Ix; employed, or* whother it was to be manual or horse uboor. If it was to be horse labour in tbo Northern Areas the hones were not in a condition to do that -work, and any oxpeadituro in that direction would not bo f-uc- ceecful. JIu know ledge of tho northorn country was that it was fairly well -supplied with roads, although many of them might -« in bad condition. It was not projioMd, however, to repair roads. The construction of roads in the North wan not absolutely necessary. He had never beard that the roads of the North were not sufficient for wheat-carting in the harvcut time.' Tlie matter of repairing and the maintenance of roads might be urged, but noe tbo construction, which would probably be unrcproductire,' and might be a Jo-s to the colony. If the Government wanted to help those in distress they could encourage District Councils to go on with tho work as oxpe ditioutly as they possibly could. Hu under Stood from the Treasurer 'that they wetv work ing in anticipation of the road \ote. and that should bo sufficient Thvy should keep that going uutil the motion could lie ltronirht for ward in the ordinary way. The pre cedents of the past wcro such that thw should lio- avoided. (.Mr. Price—' Witt do you refer to?') H* referred particularly to tho villago settlement*. They should bo exceedingly t-areful, front cvory point of view.' as to the expenditure of their money. They liad tho credit of tho colony to maintain, and if it were found that theywero ready to hastily propose tbe ex penditure of money here in anticipation of going on the market to o.fcr a loan they might find that they were disparaging tbcirrcsourco* m' tho eyes of' the' world, which was an ex tromcly dangerous thing to in any wav attempt ? lie agreed with Sir John OowneV .tliat the matter required very full and careful consideration, and that if after that careful consideration tho Government were prepared tosay they were going to oxptnd tho money on work which was reproductive in its charac ter he would be only too happy to give imme diate elect to any such measure. But when it was questionable ho felt it his duty to oppose it '.''?-?? Mr. POYNTON did not think it wm the light procedure to bring tLo matter on in this 'way. Some memlmrs had said that no request' had been, mado for tbe mosey, bat tho Treasurer could bear him out that only very recently ho had' to refuso in consequent-* of having no funda what he hiniflflf considered, a necosarj- road construction. (The Treasurer -^*' THSVe' refused tWenty in tfie list f«v months.*]) Tho resolution as it stood was too vague. He wished, if in order, to make the amount a fixed one. An tlie resolution utoad tho Government if thoy liked could spend £100,000. A certain amount should ha fixed, and he moved to amend the motion that tbo amount should nos exceed £?-?0,000. Ho believed that if the money wrra availablo now itwould bcof very much morem* than in six or twelvo mouths' time. Now wan the timo to do tho work. It would be very acceptable, and ho was positive there wem many roads requiring construction which could not be constructed until there wa* » grant for them. lie moved his amendment. The SPEAKER— This is a mere abstract resolution exproming tho opinion of the Uouse, otherwise I could nut jiermit the hon. member to movo it Jt w not in the powor of . hon. ujoinbors to votr money in this way. Tho motion oxprcwics the opinion of tbo Houso And nothing more. I therefore put the hon! member's motion. Tbo Hon. Sir JOHN DOWNER submitted that supposing the motion had been absolute then it was a mere quibble to ? Tho SPEAKER—/ ask the hon. member to respect my ruling. If one member is allowed to discuss tho Spcakcr'u ruling tho wlioU House mar. Tho Hon. Sir JOHN DOWNER-I don't want to challenge your ruling. .The SPEAKER — Therefore the hon. member cannot discuss it. -- Tho Hon. Sir JOIiS DOWNER- Marl rise to a point of ordor? The SPEAKER— The hon. member is in order in doing so. Tho Hon. Sir JOHN DOWNER mid tbe Sneaker liad not given any ruling, aad, there fore, there wan none to disagree with. Tbe motion in effect was a vote for the pay ment of money, and ' it was said it was not competent for a private member to more . it. If anybody suggested that tho motion was not abt- olute. and wm governed by tbe words ' in tbo opinion of the House,' he respectfully submitted tliat 'opinion of tho House' and ' resolution of tbe. House' were' identically tho tame. The re solution of the House was tin- direct embodi ment of the opinion of thu House, aad therefore, whether they said absolutely that so-and-so should bo done or whether they raid that in tho opinion of the House so-and-so should be done, in ritltor instance the resolu tions were identically thu j-aiue, and demanded that it should bo done. From that point of view he submitted that that motion, although in form purporting to be raorely an expression of opinion, was in effect a resolution of tha House, liecause overy resolution of the Iiou» was nothing rise than an expression of the opinion of tho House, nnd they conld not mako it less a resolution of tho House bv calling it only an opinion instead nf a resolution. Tho SPKAKER-It ha* nlway* heea thw practice of tlie Iloui-o and tbo Leirudatura to admit abstract questions of this kind to bo put to the House with a view to obtain ing the opinion, of hon. members. If the Government choose to act upon that opinion they do no entirely on their own responsibility* Thore is nothing m it to warrant the Gov#m» ment in spending ono penny. If there VCfd I would not allow it to be put. Mr. ROBERTS moved tho adjournment of thedobate. Declarediiegatived. Mr.FOSTEU called for a division, which resulted *?» fol lows: — Ayes. ?».— Messre. Archibald. B«icb«lor. Caldwell, Castine, Copley, Darling, Sir Jobs Downer. Mos*r». Duncan. Gtlburt. GUm, Good, Hague. Haudysido. Hourinn. MacGil* livrav, McPhcr.son, UandcU, Solbmou, Wood* and Kobtru (teller). NorA 'Si. — Mcr-re. Blacker, Broofcv, Hurgi'.vno. Kutler. Carpenter. Catt. Cock, Coneybccr. Cummin*. Olynn. Holder. ITooper, .leukins Landfcer. McJjnchl.in, Miller, Moody, O'l^oughlin, f'Malloy. l'oyctoa, Prico, Shannon, fcnd Foster (idler). ?Iajority of .' for th* Noc-. Mr. ROBKHTS oppoycJ tiw motion fot two or tlireo reasons. If there was any «m thiui; mcro than another that broofht the) Legislature into discredit, and for which they were blamed !?-- tli- ueueral public and by the nev.--.-up- 1- uitlioit limit, it wmsforwoM thry trrint-tl h.Kty lcgi.-lation. It was for carmnir inoiiou.^ ??[ any description witbont pi\in;rdue i-onf-i'lcraticn to them, or hiritnj regard to what the results would be. But that aiyu'iientappi'&rcd; to Ik- tenfold moro strong; when they knew thm* was a resolution under ili-.-u^aion that had for its object the paviac out of thousands of public uioney. All through tin- la--t four or tivo year- the Lalour Party m particular had --ocn blamed for their action*, not c.\:ict1y iu Parliament, but generally, and told that tlu-ir only aim in seeking to inter Parliament was tho iDdi«criwuiato burrowing of money froui the London market and expanding it upon public works, whether tlu.-sc works wen- required or not. and witbont coceidering whother tln-y would return tb* ordinary iutcr«--t ujxmi the outlay. (Mrk Caldwe'U-' Who s»y« that?') The hon* member, who w .*n careful a student of all the papers and who carefully read tn» *peeehe-i made by influential metckaMe throughout South. Australia and-br aMn- Vets generally in politics, would agree With him that it had been said that the Alpha and Omega of the Labour Party's politics was the borrowing of public money and expanding it without duly considering what would be the result, meaning that they had no idea of legislation over and above that particular point. He appealed to hon. mem bers as to whether it was right for them without duo consideration of the amount of money-involved to, after a few hours' discus sion, pass a resolution of .this description. The motion would force them to vote with the Government at some future time, when perhaps they would have altered their opinion? on certain questions and even oa this particular subject. The Government and hon. member* would excuse him for aaying that his short tonu in Parliament ha«l made him suspicions and doubtful of promises which had bora madu in some directions, it hud been eaid that th« members of the Labour Party might wake lit some futuro time to tbe fact 'tha: they had hastily bound themselves to the Government to vote for tbo expenditure) of money in certain directions, and he intended to be careful. If they carried the motion it would pi ve the Government a freehand with the expenditure of some £25,000 during the cowing year, and by those means tbo Government would largely appease hon. members who represented agricultural districts— the reso lution as originally submitted only proposed an outlay on those districts. _ And it waa quite fair to assume that the public works policy of the Government, promised for some timo out not yet brought forward, would be indefinitely postponed. (The Treasurer— ' Not for an hour.*') In supporting the motion members had made a tactical blunder. Mr. Catt had pointed oat that already two oat of the six District Councils in his district hail appealed for money which would come out of this vote, and he (tbe speaker) knew of a third Council who wen only waiting for money to be available to mako a similar application. Therefore ha claimed that in opposing the motion ho was acting in a most disinterested way. His district would probably benefit by the expenditure proposed in the resolu tion, while it was not likely to benefit by the expenditure on certain works whioh the Govarnmeut had promised should be undertaken, but even in these cir cumstances be could not support it. If the Government intended to go in for the expen diture of money oa public works tboy nhoald bring down a Loan Bill and lot tho House consider it in the ordinary war, so that they could thoroughly understand wbero the money was to be spent. It seemed strange that, while the Government had no understanding that tho motion was coming forward, every member of it should be very earnest in his desire to see it earned. Them was ground for his suspicion, and there was a possibility of the other portion of the Governments public works policy being adjourned. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands—' Nothing of the sort^) At any rate the Government were not showing any anxiety to bring forward tho other portion. He would very much like to see an expenditure upon the public roads of the colony, and undoubtedly money was re quired fur thai purpose ; but he would never allow it to be thrown at him, whether as a Labour member or Any other kind of member, that he had been a party to hastily passing a motion approving of the borrowing of such a large sum of money. Mr. MILLER said that tbo policy of tho country since the Constitution was first es tablished was to spend a certain amount yearly in tbe construction of main roads, and he apprehended that that would be continued. Whether they authorized the borrowing of money by the resolution, or whether they waited longer for more details, it mattered not, for tho House would be in no better position th,aa it was then. On other occasions no debits had been snpphed as to the allocation of loan monevs. (Mr. Roberts— 'We don't want details of the road construction. We want the other portion of the public works policy. **) He quite agreed with that, but no policy could be- of mare universal benefit than was con tained in the resolution. He did not complain abont the roads, and he did not know whether theicity or the country would benefit most by the expenditure, but he did know that a great amount of distress existed, and that in ye&rs; put they had spent in one your more than the amount now asked, sometimes two or three times. The country was not stono broke now. He was not an enthusiastic supporter of the system of making stono roads ; be believed in light railways, but while the system were followed the interests of the people would have to be studied. There were districts in the colony where £20,000 could easily be spent in main-road construction, and at tbe same time an immense amount of relief would be distributed. (Mr. BrooLer— 'Where are they?') He did not suppose that then waa any need for spending money in this fashion in West Torrens, but be would instance one place, and that was Gulnare South, where o&a; nad to traverse a road nearly knee deep in mud. There was a lot of trade at that centre, aad there were thousands of bags of wheat stacked at the place mentioned for the Farmers' Union. (Mr. Darling — 'That is on the rail way. Not a main road.') The main road from Spalding was almost impassable. These places were not in his district, and for that reason he had greater confidence in referring members to them. There was no doubt that a large amount of legitimate expenditure was required. He had great respect for Sir John Downer's opinion as Leader of fthe Opposition, but that day he had said that the proposed expenditure was an unconstitutional proceeding without having heard the motion or tbe debate. He believed that Sir Jobu had been under a mis apprehension. He was under the impression that proceedings other than those quoted hj Sir John had been taken which justified thetr position on the present occasion. They beard of hundreds of people being out of work not only in the outlying districts but in the towns, and they could make roads until tho un employed could get something better to do. (Mr. Caldwell— 'This in one of the wont rimes of the year to construct roads.') He agreed it was a bad timo to cart when the horses were poor, but it was a good time to crack the metal, especially when men were in want of food. Mr. Catt's speech fairly dealt withtheqnestion. There was nodoubt about the distress prevailing thoughout the country, resulting from the failure of the harvest for the last two seasons. He did not agree to borrowing money for main roads if we could make light railways. There were feeders to existing railways which would absorb the whole of this amount. Mr. GILBERT opposed the motion. Those who opposed it must not bo considered as being unsympathetic with those in distress. Though tbo matter of affording relief was a pressing one, Mr. Foster and his supporters had gone about it in tho wrong way. He objected to the haste that was being shown. The neces sity for carrying such a motion had not arisen that day, and therefore it was not necessary that the House should settle it now. The least they could grant was the oppor tunity for a fair discussion. The motion had come upon the House without notice, and it was very unwise to get what tho majority of hon. members desired in the way proposed. If motions were to come forward without notice, and £50,000 of the taxpayers' money was to be put away like this, a moat dangerous precedent for legislation would be created. If they could meet the necessities of those in dis tress they ought to do so. but they must-do so in a proper way. The Government bad full knowledge of the matter, and it was their duty to nave brought it forward. The atti tude of the Government that day was unfair and unwise. Mr. GASTIXE moved the adjournment of the debate. Xegarived. Mr, GASTDTE yielded to no hon. member in his sympathy with the distressed farmers and those in the northern districts who were suffering at present owing to the failure of their crops. Those who were dependent upon them were, suffering, perhaps, to a greater extent than tbe farmers themselves. Parlia ment had done a great deal for the farmers in the North by granting seed wheat. South Australians bad como forward nobly to assist tbe distressed by contributing something iiko £6.000 to £3,000. Although he was against the motion he was not opposed to helping these distressed people if the help were given in a proper manner. The speech of Mr. Roberts should commend itself to every mem ber. That hon. member spoke in a manlv and patriotic spirit, and ai a politician. Hon. members were sent into this House to con serve the public interests. They were tent there as custodians of the public funds, and to pat % skid upon panic legislation. They were a Supremo Court of the colony to decide upon measures and to bring forward such measures as would be for the benefit of Sooth Australia, after dno consideration. He ap pealed to hon. members to say if they had given this question due consideration. (Mr. Burgoyne — 'Yes.' Mr. Butlor — 'Yes.') Air. Burgoyne had no doubt hcon considering tbe question for months. If tbU distress were so terrible and severe in the hon. member's district why did he not move in the matter months ago? Or why bad not Mr. Foster done so? (Mr. Burgoyne — 'You find fault now that it U done.') It never entered their heads to bring it forward until the Minister of Education or soroo other member of the Go vernment made soraa indirect overture to these members. Somo member of tho Ministry must have said something to this effect— ''If you want this money for maiu roods we will help you. Move a motion, and we wont oppose it. and it will let tbe Government down easy. (Mr. Miller ? 'Castine's experience as a Minister.'1) A little knowledge was a dangerous thing. Mr. Foster, with his little knowledge of Parliamentary work, found now that he had got into a bole, and had also got tbe Government into a hole. (The Treasurer —'?We are not in any hole. ) Iho Govern ment had been twitted by their friends and political enemies that they had not a public works policy. Several members of Parliament having waited upon the Treasurer with regard to the main-road vote during therpast week, to-day the Government practically sprang this4hing^upon.Ja&,Hou8e-TlhD-uch theit nstrument, Mr. Foster. He was sorry that tome country mombers, representing the Eiowcr North, supported the motion. If hon. lumbers read it they would find that a sertain sum of money, supposed to be £50,000, was to be spent, aud the Government had slimbed down to the suggested amount, ff ho rruasurer— 'We have dono nothing of the sort.') Thoy were not so inuocent as to- fancy that members of the Ministry did not know ivhat was sprung upon the House. Hon. members would notice that this amount of £.'0,000 was to be spent on the construction of mam roads, and not a penny ou maintenance. But hon. members wanted it for maintenance is well as construction. He hod received a letter only that clay. It read:— -.July It). Hall District Council. Messrs. Castino and McLachlan, M.P.rs. Gentlemen'' ? An lion, member—' Who is responsible for that?') Surely no one would deny that they wera not gentlemen! 'Gentlemen — 1 am instructed by this Council to forward you tho following proposition mado in this Council at tho last mooting, July 17, and to ask you to use your Scat influence in obtaining from the Hon. the Freasurer an amount to Iks spent on main roads as relief work. Tho labouring class are in a very bad state, also the small farmers, who have spent their all in trying to keep their stock alive. Knowing you will lo your best, and wishing you success.' If the resolution were carried would tho scoplo in the Hundred of Hall !-enefit liy it. He thought they would not get a penny from it. because the main roads wera made in that iistrict. (The Treasurer— ' They will get ,heir fair share.') Then the resolution would lave to be altered. They were told that the resolution was a bald one, and the Govern ment were not bound by it, but the Ministry would not dare to overlook the action of the tloiiie in carrying tho motion. If the Govern ment wished to help tho farmers aad tho labourers the Treasurer could have got up and stated that they proposed to increase the road vote by another £25,000, and tho House would have applauded the statement. (Tho Treasurer— 'I have to pet the money before I can distribute it.') They knew that the Treasurer had a fund at his command. There was over £100,000 borrowed for tbe development of the interior. (The Treasurer— 'I cannot use that for the main roads.') That fund had been drawn on for the village- settlements and St. Kildo, and if the Treasurer bad borrowed^ from it ra the past why should he not do it again in the future. (Mr. Bunjoyno— 'Is that right?') Anvthing was right' so long as there was majority behind the Government. Ho had been pegging away at the Government for the Lust tour years for their unconstitutional acts, but it was useless, because they had a majority behind them. That .£20,000 would be of little use to the Lower North, because Mr. Foster would have the greater portion'of it. Messrs. Foster and Burgoyne. would de mand it, and no doubt they would say that they would not support the Government un less they got it, and what was to become of poor Woorobra? The time was not far dis tant when the members would beootne mere delegates, and the man to get a sum of money For bis district would only nave to become the henchman of the Government. (Mr. Shannon —'Is that what happened when you were in office?') The hon. member had several bits of road made lately, and he supposed that was becauso he wiu a stanch 'supporter of the government (The Treasurer— 'That is not Fair.') As far as his district was concerned he dad nothing to complain of about the distribu tion of the Vote. He wanted tho Government to brim; the matter down in a constitutional manner. It was most demoralizing for a Go vernment tosit upon the Treasury Benches who lad a spark of self-respect left and allow a srivate, member to suspend the Standing Orders so aa to compel them to bring in a loan Bill, and for them to moekly agree to it. When there was any of the vote left those council! who were the first to apply for ittrot it. (Tho Treasurer— 'It is not a question of irst come first served.') Members who were friends of the Government were in a tatter sosttion to know whether there was any money left (The Treasurer— 'They are not in a xtter position at alL'), It was the case. (The rroasurer— ' You are absolutely unfair. ') Ho ivas telling the truth. (Tho Treasurer— ' You ire not') At 6.30 the House suspended its sittings for me hour. Upon resuming, Mr. CASTIKE said that town and country nomhers alike would join in supporting any Government in carrying out any.publio work )f a reproductive character to relieve existing iistreas. After the explanation by interjec tion that tho Treasurer bad given of how he proposed to distribute this money, after his itatement that he won willing to limit the unounc to £20,060. and that ha Would not dlocate the greater portion of it to the lortbern areas alone, but would disburse it on i fair and equitable- basis, no member would rrudge Mr. Foster his motion, and he would ae found cordially supporting it. Mr. BUTLER remarked that Mr. Castihe ud certainly afforded tho House some auiuse nent, but be could not congratulate that gentleman upon being either consistent or logical. Mr. Castine had occupied half an iour before tea in pointing out the evil of atrrying this motion, but now he astonished the House bv stating that ho was going to support it. (Mr. Caetine— ' There are three unendments. It is not the same motion.') It seemed to him that more consideration had been given to this caw than to any other caso »f borrowing for the construction of main roads. Twice since he had been in that Honse bad money been borrowed for that purpose, wd in each caso the matter had passed with out discussion. A week or two ago the Treasurer had announced that if he asked for a loan this session ho would place a sum on it for the purpose of main roads. Mr. Foster rightly recognised that for the noxt three months work could be done perhaps at 20 per cent, less than it could be afterwards. There wero a large number of men iu tbo country townships who ' would have very little to do for come weeks, and Mr. Foster recognising this asked tho Government to do what it should properly do— anticipate this loan. Tbe proposal would be beneficial both to the older districts and to the northern areas, and the probability was that they would get work done now for £?-?0,000 which would cost £25,000 tbreo months hence. (Mr. McPhorson — 'What about horscfeed?') There would be amplo feed within the next two or three weeks to enable a man to work his horses without buying feed at all. And, moreover, August and September were the two months in the year when this work could be done at the cheapest rate. Mr. POSTER did not intend to reply to tbo general objections raised, because that was unnecessary. Nothing would have jus tified him in asking for tho suspension of the Standing Orders except a personal knowledge of the extreme urgency of the caae on account of existing suffering and distress. He only asked Parliament to authorize the Govern ment to do what any business man who knew how to conduct his business would da (Mr. McPhorson— 'Then he would know exactly what he was purchasing. In this caso we do not.'') He only anked that the course should be adopted which had been adopted almost ever since he had known the colony, with the exceptiou that he asked Parliament to allow the Government to anticipate what— if they carried out the policy of tho past— would enable them to get the work done very much cheaper and at the same time would afford reliof to tho families who were in absolute want A word as to being put up by the Government. The Govern ment had never yet put him up to do a thing, and ? they were never going to, and when Sir John Downer got upon the Treasury benches be would never put him up. Ho would not be the tool of this Government or of any other Government, and he novor hid been since he had been in the House. As to the urgency of the caso ho would impress on members that what was to be done would be worth double if it were done immediately. People were not only short of food, but they were short of clothing, and he would remind the Leader of the Opposition that it was the opinion of Dis trict Councillors and others who hod inte rested themselves in the distribution of the relief fund, and who in other ways had tried to assist the poople to tide over this period of distress, that the aoutest suffering would bo during the pretent and next month— duriug the coldest weather. It was tho opinion of District Councillors in different parts of the colony that if thoy could have such means as he had suggested at their disposal they could assist the neediest ea»M to tide orer tho next month or two, aad hy that tiras they huped there would be suffi cient spring in the colony in consequence of the improved harvest prospects to cheer everybody up and to looson tho strings by which foinracrcial men regulated thoir bu« ne.w and to assist tbo distressed to reach the harvest time. He asked members, not on the grounds of sentiment, but on ic.il business principles— {Mr. Coplev— 'To spend the money in tho wot weather?9') The District Councils in tho North believed this was tho very host tirao to spend the money. Me hoped the floufe would ogrca to the motion. Mr. Bntfhclor's amendment to insert 'and othrr' after the word ' agricultural'* was carried. Mr. lUtchelora second amendment, for thu insertion of the words 'and other public works.*1 was declared carried, and Mr. MrPHERSON called for a division, which he subsequently asked loavo to withdraw, but to which leave Mr. HOMBURG objeotcd. The division resulted as follow* : — Aye-j. li— Messrs. Archibald, Carpenter, Caneylirer. Glynn. fioodo. Hnurigan. MacUillmv, O'Malioy, Trite, Roberts, Wood, and Uatcheior (toller). Noi:s, 28.— Messrs. Hlnckcr. Burgoyne, Butler. CaWwcII. Castine, Catt, Cummin*'. Sir John Downer. Messrs. Duncan. Foster, Giles, Hague, Handrside, Holder, Hoinburg, Hooper, Jenkins, Landsecr, MacLachlan, Miller. Moody. Mortlock, O'Loughlin. Poynton, RandoU, Shannon, Solomon, and McPhersoMtellerl. -Majorityof lfrforthe-Koefi. The SPEAKERS cannot put the sugges too of the hon. member for Flinders, as it pea beyond the scope of an abstract motion. Mr. CASTINE, on a point Of order— I iirect your attention. Sir, to your statement ;hat you would put it to tho House. His sug gestion was indicated at tho diction of the treasurer. The SPEAKER— The hon. member is in srror. I was simply replying to tbe point raised by Sir John Downer, without any reference whatever to tbe suggestion. Mr. CASTINE— I ask if we can accept the ttatement that tho expenditure will be limited? The TREASURER— Certainly. The motion as amended was declared larried. Sir JOHNT DOWXER called for a division, which resulted as follows:— Arra, 1'4. — Messrs. Blacker, Burgoyne, Btitlor. Carpenter, Castine, Catt, Cock, Cum mins. Hague, Haudyside, Holder, Hoinburg, Hooper, Jenkins, Landseer. Miller. Moody, Mortloc!:. O'Louchlin. OMalley. Poynton. Scherk, Shannon, and Foster (toller). Noes, 19.— Mews. Archibald, Batchelor, Caldwell, Conevbeer, Copley, Duncan, Giles, Glynn, Goode. Hourigan. MaeGillivray, McL.ochl.in, MrP'nerxon. Price, KandeiL Roberts. Solomon, Wood, and Sir John Downer (teller). Majority of 5 for tho Aves. NOTICES OF MOTION AND QUESTION. . .:..... The TREASURER {Hon. F.. W. Holder) uoved— 'That Orders of the Day be post poned until after notices of motion and questions.' : Carried. ? THE UNEMPLOYED. Mr. ROBERTS called the attention of tho Commissioner of Public Works to a reply he jave on Thursday but in connection with the unemployed in Gladstone, aaying that he hod received a wire from Mr. Hicks, and asked if Mr. Hicks sent the wire, and if not, who scut it. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins) said he could not say who sent it, but had naturally sup posed th&S; the engineer in charge had sent it The wiro might have been sent by the foreman. ROADS CONSTRUCTION VOTE. Mr. ROBERTS asked tbo Treasurer, having misted to carrv the motion juxt passed, from tvhat fund he proposed tot ake the money ior tho expenditure in the construction of then roads. Tbo TREASURER (Hon.F. W. Holder), said the Government would not mako any errant on the vote of tho ono House simply. If & similar motion was passed in another place then the money would be taken from the loan balances in hand. PUBLIC WORKS POLICY. Mr. BATCHELOR askod when the Govern ment proposed to bring in the first instalment af the public works policy? The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins) said he had a motion written out on his table of which he intended to give notice on July 27 as follows : — ''That the Hoiuo resolve itself into a Com mittee of the Whole to consider the following resolution:— 'This House approves of the jxpenditure of £600,000 in carrying out tbe Bundaleer Waterworks under the Water Con icrvation Act of 1882, according to the plans ind report of the Engineer-in-Chief laid lefore Parliament.' Parliament paper No. 18.' STRENGTH OF THE POLICE FORCE. Mr. CONEYBEER asked if tbe Treasurer's ittention had been called to a statement by -ae speaker at the City Corporation meeting icld on Monday lost that tho reductions in the wlice force had made the number quite inatle juatc for the proper protection of the City of Adelaide and suburb*. Tho TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Holderi laid the matter had becu brought under his lotico some timo since, lie had informed the House a week ago that the Government, recognising that the police force needed itrcngthening, had authorised the addition of lix foot and throe mounted constables to make ip the number. Mr. HANDYSIDE a^ked the Treasurer low many difforence would that make in the force from what it was tbreo or four weeks tgo, and was the Treasurer awaro that a lumber of old sergeants lied retired from the service and that their places bod been filled ip, so that the additions had not made the 'orce very much greater than it was Ijcforo': The TREASURER could not speak about :he number of police a month ago, but it was a 'act that certain old sen-ants of the Govern nent had retired, and that these younger men irould tako their places!, which would not liminish tho number of men available for wdinary service. INDEX OF PATENTS. Mr. SOLOMON, referring to his question of ast week, asked whether the Treasurer would Ake immediate steps to have a proper classi 3cd index made of all patents protected and ^aken out in South Australia up to -!ate. The TREASURER (Hon. F. \V. Holder) laid when he gave the answer last- week that Me index was only written up to ISStl it struck aim that that state of affairs was not patisf ac :ory. He wa* now making enquiries of tbe :ost of bringint; thu index up to date, in Uuding proper classification. When he saw what tho cost would be he would decide whether it should bo done. DIAMOND-DRILL EXPENSES. Mr. CALDWELL asked-' 1. Wi.at is the iverage cost per foot vertical of tho work done by the Engineer- in-Chiefs Department with tho diamoud-drill in different parts of tho jolony? 2. What is the average cost of the mine work during the last three years?' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins)-' 1. £1 13s. 3|d., including casing. 2. None has been done with diamond -drills.*' dit:y on seed-drills. Mr. COPLEY, for Mr. CaSTrxE. asked ' What has been tho duty received on grain and fertilizer seed-drills for the year ended Juno 30, l«»7?n The TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Holder) — ' As seed-drills are not entered separately in the Customs returns the amount cannot be stated. A number of items are grouped to [Tether, and all duties col lee tod under that heading appear together, aud it is impossible to separate them.*' MAXIM GUNS IN BOND. Mr. MACU1LLIVRAY a-ked-'l. What were the circumstances connected with placing Maxim guns And material in bond on Collector's order at Port Adelaide? 2. Were those goods placed in a Government or a private bond? .*-. Was it absolutely neces sary to incur this extra cost?' The TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Hoider) ' 1. Tho guns were placed in bond in the absence of tho papers in error. 2. In private bond. 3. No.1' LETTER-CARDS. Mr. BATCHELOR atked-'Db« the Government propose to issue letter-cards, and when?' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins), fur the Mini ster of Edlcatio.v and Agriculture— 'We havo not at present the requisite machinery. Enquiries are being mado in the other colonies whether there is a demand for letter-cards at letter rates.' INTRODUCTION OF DATE-PALMS. Mr. CALDWELL asked - 'Will the Government favour the introduction of that variety of fruit-tree known aa the date-palm, or any other description of fruit-tree of good quality, through the Agricultural Bureau, provided the neccssar? quarantine regulations are observed?' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins), for the Minister of Epccatios* aud Acriccltcrk — 'No: but in approved instances the im portation may take place through tho Direc tor of the Botanic Garden.' STATE BANK BOND AGENCY. Mr. COPLEY asked— 'Who is tho Ade laide agent representing Mr. li. Govett, the contractor for tho purchase and sale of mort gage bonds on behalf of the State Bank?'* The TREASURE* (Hon. F. W. Ilolder) 'Thc Inspector-General roports:— 'Tlie Bank is not aware whether Mr. Govott has any agent in Adelaide or not. Mr. Govett is the Bank's agent and not the contractor.7 '' WORKMEN'S COTTAGES. Mr. COPLEY, for Mr. Castixe. anked— ' In the interests of economy aud eonifort of tho railway employes, is it the intention of the Government to give instructions to havo the workmen'.: cottage* along our lines of railway cleaned and repaired ?*' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (lion. J. G. Jenkins)-' Yes, as re quired.'1 DRAWBACK ON CHAFF AND STRAW. Mr. COPLEY, for Mr. Darling, asked—' 1. If it correct that a regulation has been made th.it in future no drawback will be allowed on chaff or straw re-exported? 2. Who authorized such regulation? 3. What is the reason for this action? 4. What notice is to be given before such regulation take* effect?' The TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Holder) — 'No regulation* are in force disallowing drawback on chaff aud straw, but when such goods have been removed from the custody of the Customs no officer can distinguish between chaff aud straw grown in South Australia and that imported ; consequently he could not with safety to the revenue certify to the correctness of any claim for drawback on such articles.' POLTCE TROOPER AT COCKBURN. Mr. MOODY, for Mr. Bckgoy.se. anked ' Has any provision been mado for the bettor accommodation of the police trooper in chargo at Cockburn*' Tbe COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins)-' The matter is under consideration in connection with the Estimates.' GRJSENOOK RAILWAY RESERVOIR. Mr. HOURIGAN, for Mr. Bftooutt, askod — '1. Is it a fact that men at theGreenock Railway Reservoir are working at heavy shovel work in tbe Jnddle at 4*. -kL ud.5s. per day? 2. Were the men or any of them engaged at Gs. per day ; if so, why the reduced rate. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. O. Jenkins)-' 1. No ; none at 4s. Cd., but some at 5s. 2. No ; but many have been increased from 5s. to 6s. per day as tney prove efficient.'' COMMONWEALTH BILL. Adjourned debate on the motion of tbe Treasurer— 'That this House resolve itself into a Committee of tbe Whole for the pur poso of considering the Commonwealth Bill of 18a7'(Julv6). Mr. PRICE, who continued his remarks from Thursday last, said since Thursday an occasion bad takon placo in one of tbe con stituencies wherein a member of this House, accompanied by the President of another place, had addressed a public meeting. He wanted to publicly declare that the statements they made were not correct, and were not justified by anything that he or thofto who were acting with him had said. The statement that Mr. Duncan was said to have made was—' He was sorry to notice that the Labour Party wero doing everything thoy could to upset federa tion.' (Mr. Duncan—*' I did not put it that way.') He was simply quoting what was said. If he or those acting with him accepted the pririlegc extended to thorn as members of Parliament to debate the Bill presented to .them from their stand point, it did not say that they wero opposed to federation. Because he opposed the intro duction into the preamble the acknowledg ment of God. and so forth, the hon. member would not bo justified in calling him an atheist or an infidel ; neither, therefore, would he bo justified in saying because he criticised the Bill from his standpoint that he was op posed to federation. A great cry had been raised in the colony over the two guineas a day paid to the delegates. He was trying to explain to the House on Thursday that the general public, with the assistance of tho papers, were faying that two guineas a day wo* a great expense. They could fully under stand it with the assistance of the Press, that was desirous of casting some kind of slur upon the delegates that they accepted. They could not or would not understand the great oxpease that this conntrv would incur by accepting tho scheme of federation as given to them in tbe Bill. Paper 13 that had been laid upon the table, giving tho expenditure of tho Commonwealth, was somothinp startling as to expense, and up to the present he had not found any memlter of the House, or of other Parliaments that !i.vl been debating the Bill, who could show him clearly whore they were going to make up thi.s cjeat exfiensa except by increased taxation. If they wero to be bur dened with further taxation something ou^lit to bo done to curtail the expenses foreshadowed there. The only thing suggested in this House was that when federation was accepted under this Bill, and these liabilities incurred for the introduction of now machinery, thoro should be a reduction of members of this House— tha: wr-s, that they should at once begin to slay their local Parliament for the purpose of raising another Parliament of which they know not where tho expense would end. Thev said that the Governor General was to revive £10.000; but the specified sum of money set down for a Governor's salary did not include all the expenses of that Governor. There was always with the establishment a sura re quired for the carrying out of tbe dignity of tho position, which would come upon the State, and tho result was that the country was continually loaded with expenses that it knew very little about. If federation was to cost the sum of money set down, South Aus tralia could not afford lo enter into it unless there was some amendment. He was satisfied that tho suggestion of Mr. Glynn was very sensible, in the way of making a saving m the item 'judiciary.' It appeared ridiculous that a Supremo or Uisrh Court should be established immediately, whereas they might be years before thore would be an accumula tion of business sufficient to warrant tho establishment of an expensivo Court, which was going to cost tho rcspectahlo sum of £23,715 per annum. They would have to make their Chief Justices perform the duties of a High Court for Australia, oue for each colony. It appeared to him that they were goimj to enter into a concern tho amoun; of tho liabili titrt of which they had no comprehension. No doubt it was a selGsh way in which to look at the matter, but they hod to guard their people against extra taxation. Federation was prac tically dead, and the discussion in tho House and the commir debates wero like thrashing a dead horse. With the attitude of Western Australia, and with the doci«on of the Queensland Parliament, it really appeared to be a piece of folly for South Australia to go on any further witn the matter. He would not say ono word further on the subject if he were satisfied lhat tho gonoral body outside felt like himself, lie roared tho apathy of tho psoplc lost they would accept federation without fully undorstandiue it. He wxi not goiu^ to r« debarred from trying to look at tbo Bill Ijccause of tho attitude of any section of the Press of South Australia that said that tho arguments used against federation were threadbare, that nothing new could be introduced, acd that the people understood the question. Ho held, from bis having mixed with tho people, that thfty did not undtriitaud tho sub ject. (Mr. Solomon—' Hoar, hoar.'r) And this was Iho only opportunity they would havo of trying to make their vien'3 known, becauso tho Bill must go to tho people as it would leave the nest meeting of tho Convention, and the people would have given thoir verdict before anytlunp furthor could lie done. Uudei tho proposed Constitution ii would be im possible for them to have any taxation other tbati of indirect taxation. It had been statod otherwise, but he was no: satisfied on this score, &nd; hid attitude towards the Federal Bill would be considerably altered if ho could be convinced that the Houses of Parliament, as constituted under the Bill, would have power to raise revenue by taxation other than by tho indirect taxation of Customs and Excise. He was led to look upon this point because of the utterances of Mr. Black, mem bar of the New South Wales Assembly for Gopp. who mado a brilliant *|£ecli in tho Sydney Legislature, because of hi?, ability as a prcw man, and becausn hu had takon a great in terest in ttie Bill. That gentleman had said that there would bu no possible means ot raining taxation other than by Customs and Excise, and hu thought that clause 'Jo justified him in arriving at that eoneluMon. The clause rof erred to was as loiiows:— ' After tho expiration of five yearn trom the imposition of uniform duties of Customs, each State shall be dceraod lo contribute to th6 revenue an equal sum par head of its popula tion, and all surplus revenue over the expen diture of the Commonwealth shall be distri buted month by month amoug the toveml States in proportion to the nunilmr* of thoir people as shown by the latent statistic^ of the Common wealth.') (Jiearly that applied only to Customs. ( Mr. Soiomon - ' Clause 5'J, sub section 3, gave |x-wcr to rai.«c money other than by indirect taxation.') There was nothing more certain to his mind that it no other powers were givon under the Constitution there were groat difficulties in front of them. The prohibitionist-, or cold-un brigade, as they wero called, had aspiratious for sc?iii(* the day when drink would bo excluded from their territories. V.'hoilicr that waft a dream or not it mattered not to him then, but if Now South Wale.*, for instance, with an K\cise revonua of iT.W,000, went in for prohibition the whole of tha other colonies would be against her, ltccau^o it would mean the saddling nl the other colonies with further taxation for the support of government. And it might be pos sible under tho system of returning a crrwin amount per capita that New South Wales if a teetotal colony would receive back nior-5 than t-bo nctuAily gave towards tho support of government. But what ho par ticularly wished to draw attention io were the questions of the Senate and tho High Court of Australia. When *puakiug before ho tried to explain that this moveatL-nt would not benefit the workers or the great body of the (-eopli-, and he was not convinced of it yet. Tho movement had conic from above and not from below, and all such movements should spring from tho people themselves instead of iroin quarter* where tliero had always Ixjfln a disposition to uso what power was posses-sod in a way which iva* not in the best interests of the peoplo as a whole. In a snull community Iiko theirs tho question of government w.v- understood : but not only w-iuld federation take away iutvrest iu it. but with the centra of government removed away from tho peoulo what interest thoro wa.% al tho present time in local political affaire would h« lost. One clever American writer who had had a deal of experience in the government of America, Mr. Phillip Thompson, had .«aid in his hook on 'The Politics of Labour':— 'The abuses from which men suffered a century ago were niainlv such ns rose from a tyrannical misuse of the governing power, from restraints upon freedom of speech or printing. unju«t prosecutions, unfair and crushing taxation, and tha insolent or over bearincr conduct of consequential officials. The yoke of government was heavy throughout Europe. The ambitions of Kings and states men and the intrigue* of Court* caused ruinous and ferocious wars. Kings not only reigned iu those days but governed, and as a rule they governed badly, having only their own aggran dizement in view. ^ What wonder, then, that men who felt these evib came to regard government, the peuoral type of which was tho monarchy, as something not merely apart from but antagonistic to the people— a power requiring to 'bo curbed hy every powiblo moans? Tho idea that danger to popular liberty could come from anyothcrsourco formed no placo in their calculations. In that age of simple social arrangements and self-dependent isolated industries, when men travelled iittlo and dealt almost wholly with their neighbours, and large corporate interests wero unknown, the Government which interfered least and left industry and commerce- to regu late themselves, seemed perfection. Littlo ftovernment was needed, and the system that put tbo -ballot in overr man's hand, and confined- the objects|jof administra tion to the narrowest scope consistent with a national existence, was all ? sufficient' That was a clear and perfect statement of the oondition-of the race to which thoy belonged a hundred years ago. Under this Bill he found nothing that would satisfy tho cravings or aspirations of the pooplo as a genoral body. The whole thing appeared to be a piece of machinery to cnablo the exploiter to exploit still moro without considering the special wants of the people. . This Bill would strengthen the hands of the capitalistic sec tion. The very military spirit in which it was conceived was not for the protection of the country and property, but for supporting men in tbe streets in lace aud gold,' and having what they had in Germany— an oppressive load upon the people. He wanted to be ?satisfied that this particular piece of machinery which was to bo provided would tako them as workers out of the present state of bondage in which they were. At present they felt that a decree given by the proprietor of a factory without consulting hi* hands or anybodv else owing to the increase of production or over-production as ho called out with an imperative order. 'I close my doors. I dismiss you all.' The landlordism of the community was to bo strengthened by this Bill, and much more so than they had it ai present They said 'that whereas the necessities of tho public for accommodation have increased thereforo rents henceforth art increased 20 per cent.,' and those who occu- pied got to pay. Thoy wanted to have t system of government that would not strengthen tho bonds that held them a; present, but would do all that was possible to make it easier for peoplo to live. Hit idea of a proper Commonwealth wa- that first a Federal Legislature should consist of only one Chambor, to bo elected upon a 'popular basis ; that the federal franchise should bo one adult and one vote; that members of the Federal Lepris laturc should be paid as under this Bill ; thai in place of government by party methods Ministers in tho Federal Parliament should \y. elected ; that the initiativo of tho vefcrendcri should bo a part of the Federal Constitution, the latter to bo used when demanded by a certain proportion of the electors or by j majority of tho representatives through a majority of tbo provinces. That was hi; Constitution for a Federal Parliament Ii was not original, but under it they would hav- government of tbo poople for thu people, nnc tho people would be suctire to tho AustraJiai Commonwealth, and there would he a feJexa tion in reality and not a 3hatu. The adtninis tration under such a Constitution would be under tho control of tho people Ono of the greatest objections he had to thi: Bill was the largo number of items it was pro posed to hind over to liic Federal Parliament at present. Our only protection w*t to limit as far as possible the powers that were to Ik handed over. Under Part V. of tho Bil thirty-seven subjects were to Ixj handed ovei by tho local Pariiftrmmts to the federal authority, with the result that very little, indeed, in the way of legislation would be led to the local Parliaments'. Thev could call ii federation if thoy liked, but this Bill had al the appearance of uuifkation, and thsy mighi as wnll if they wero honest acknowledge al onco that the* Parliaments in tho different colonies should be vc-y littlo more than small, petty. Municipal (J.v.-ernmenu or Diatrid Councils. Ho would limit the powers to be handed ovor to the Federal Parliament at the present timo to Customs and Excise, immi;nv tion with power to exclude all undesirabh immigrants, public debts, post aud telegraphs, interprovincial rivers, a Federal Judiciary a! a Court of Final Appeal, laws relating to marriage and divorce, probate and sue cession, quarantine, lighthouses, and defence, and patent, trade marks, and c-jpy law«. There was not the lexst donbt_ that 03 -ioon zi tliih now Government was instituted tl»6rc would be a constant strutnrlo by the Federal Parliament to get ono power after anothci under its control. That had been tho ox perienco in America. Tho Congress ho:l been continually at war with the Sta:e Parlia mont3 in seeking further powers frora thorn, aud they had never b^cn satis fied yet, and tbe powers under this Bill must be considerably curtailed. They had got to decide if they were ir favour of federation at all— whether tbe\ should accept this Hill or not. If ho were against federation he would accept the posi tion of tho Treasurer and Sir John Downer, and would do all hs possibly could lo push their vic.vs of tho question of State rights, but H any ono \wtntod something of federation tho only possible chance ot gottiaj it was to accept tha Bill as it was ac the present time in the way oi popor.sible government. As it was an uttei impossibility to havo federation supported by those who took such an activo part in the movement without two Home?, lip had tc accept the position and go for a Parliament «.' laid down under thin Constitution. But thoj had a ricrlit to do all they possibly could tc roo that the baianco. in the Parliament tha! they wero going to cct up was of such r character that one portion of it should nol predominate too strongly over the other, Sir John Downer said ait was neces sary to make the Se'nate a verv powerful institution under tho Constitution, liu wished to make no bogie of tho Senate, bul he had a dread of making it too powerful. Al his littlo reading of constitutional history streact'iened bis view that all Senates desired to take moro power than they ought to liai-e. The Souato would bo elected by tho ;-oopte, and thcrufnru that wa3 a considerable improve ment upon the Bill of 1891, but with tho bid districts and the voting an a whole he did nol think there was tho slightest chance of auj one gating into the Senate except the) wore able to spend money. Tho Snnfitt had proved in America to be a protection of tha States. Ho had been directed tc au aiticlo in tho English SpecltUor, which ccwpired tho American Senate vriil thu IDngluh ilous» of Lords. All Britisher* had a ;.:reac admiration for the constitutional form of the government of England. It wa; tho mother of Parliaments and auy ono who had road :ho history of that Parliament kneu there had bocu one continuous struggk' againsl tho Lords by the pjople for government bj thombelvfs rather than govorntuect by the Lords. This wondorful piece ot niachicorj had been constructed by tiio s*orifica ul valuable livos and by the efforts oi ftraai and noble statesmen. If he as a Briasfcer iiandad over too easily the liberty that had comu tc him by tha ellorts of those uobb uvju iu would be a traitor to them and* the Actii for which they had fought. The English Constitution wan partly adopted under the Bill to the extent that they had tho Crovn, responsible government, oi tixoeutivt guroriimeut, which was peculiar tc England atono. The parties who wished tc mako the Senate .so strong and powerful, and who said ihui the Stated needed protection, and thjkC the Senate was instituted for tliu pro tection oi thu States, wero not justified by tht experience iu Ainctica. As Literals they hat no great lovo for tho House ot Lords, but ii was a (|iic»tion whether it would not be batten for tliera to have a House like the Lords, will all its failings, before they made a Senate sc powerful l!uit tho people could have uo con trol over it. Tho Senate iu America, notwithstanding tho utterances of some members of the House, had become so strong that it even aspired to take the power* of tho President. It wax so powerful as to make amendments in the treaty between England and America for the arbitration ol disputes— a noble effort to do away with tb- ?laughter of nicu in battle. They put even impediment in the way of carrying thai measure, and ho wonld read an extract fn»c the English Spof.ttnr, which put tha raattci better than ho could and which coraniente-i upon thu Senate. It was uo irresponsible writer. Tho papar was the accepted orgAn ol the intellect of Great Britain, »nd it wa« looked upon as a Conservative paper. Aftci speaking of the action of tho Sonati on destroying the. treaty it said: — 'The American !?ciiato has always had n spscinl itttt:ro»t for Kn;itsh Constitutionalists, who had at h«-art all distrust in government bj af-ingle Chamber, hut an jail worried by there' flection that tho British plan of making a second one 13 illogical, is a survival only to be justified on assumption.'1 which are extinct, and is in sonn* w»v a reproach to the repn tentative ay&tam.; with which it is inconsistent. It has boon, th.'roiV-r.\ sv pleasure to them tc point to th1) American Senate as a body which though .Mrit'tly reproeuEitivj hr.? proved itself hijrhly rlficivnt for tho pnrpovs of a wcond H011.-0. i» much more dizniBod than thi H01130 of Kcpro-ontativi'C. aad in general i* guided by a higlior order of won. If ttic Americans, it has been askod, could swure such a Chamhi.T by indirect election, why should not the British, who, thoutrh they have no fndera! system, hows iu their County Councils to secure subordinate repre sentative bodios of rapacity and cnaraer.»rV Alas! tho hopes that exbtcd in that direction have for so:no timo p;«t been sbwly dying away, and the Senate of the United States is seen not only to be an imperfect body, but one open to precisely the mdio chorgos as thoso commonly matk- against the Hwko of Iiords. The millionaires, say many discon tented Americans, have mastered thr- Svnate, and, so far from representing th? people, the Senate represents onlv property, which ia precisely what Kntrlisn Radicals say when thev arc an^rry about the Peer*. The Sena tors care only, say other Americans, about personal interests, silver mines, tho tariff, the great Trusts, tbe railway, tbo teloprapbs, and othor undertakings producing dividends, which is precisely tho heaviest charge brought against thu Lords, though tbo latter arc only suspected of favourinc the interests of rcnt recciver*. The Senate opposes or accept?, say a third set of critics, from party motived alone, which is what the members of a Liberal majority in the Commons invariably allege whenever a Bill they approve is thrown out by conservative Peers. A bove all. say thoughtful Amnricans. the House as a power in tho State is too independent of tbe people, which is precisely what everybody hero who dislikes the Lords says about their collective action. And all these charges are admitted, even by the defenders of the Senate, to be true. The Senate, protected by the feeling in favonr of State rights, which increases as population multiplies itself in the older States, has assumed a sort of self-existent position within the Union, declares itself independent of opinion, and not only defies pressure from the Houso of Representatives, which it was intended to do, but manifests en extra ordinary jealousy and dislike of tho Execu tive, winch it was intended to check, but desires absolutely to control.' Thoso remarks applied to the American Senate, which we were about to copy. (The Treasurer— 'Oh. no.') The Senate in America represented not so much State rights as the rights of the capitalistic interests there. The same article went on to say that it had developed into part of the Constitution, which had no great consideration for State rights, but that its interests were on behalf of the tariff aud the different great Trusts of America, and that it was jealous of the Executive. Its new position attracted the rich. The plutocracy reigned in it, and the ideA3 natural to the plutocrats reigned supreme. Some of the Senators represented Trusts straight out, and made no secret of it Speaking of the rejection of the Arbitration Treaty tho article said:— 'The vote, Americans say, insisting on amendments known to be fatal to the treaty was carried partly by 'silver men,' who think their property will depreciate under a gold standard, and want to show the nations which prefer gold that silver is still powerful; partly by the Jingoes, who hate Great Britain, and cannot boar to part with small opportunities of attacking her ; and partly, perhaps chiefly, by Senators, who foresee that if arbitration is legalized the Senate- will lose something of its control over foreign aifairs, all petty quarrels with Great Britain— and for Americans there is no other groat State— being automatically referred to tbo decision of a judicial tribunal. Personal in terests, a blind hate, a grasping eagerness foi power— these aro the motives attributed tc the Senate— and which of thom is tha worst? la it possible that tho Lords, even iu radical judgment, could havo done worse? Is it not certain that oven in that judgment thoy would havo done better? The Peors might vote from self-interest for a Protective Bill, if one ever reached their House, but tboir bitterest enemies will not accuse them of desiring to retain occasions for war with any foreign Ktato or of readiness to reject a treaty of which they approve in order that Her Majesty'* Government might not be strong enough to impose its will upon the House of Lords/' Yet thoy could accuse this powerful Senate of America of sacrificing tbe great causo of poa:c between two nations for personal motives. Tha writer continued :— ' But wo shall be told that the House of Lords cannot bo reformed and the Senate can, in itself an amazing difference. It would bs wore the statement correct, but it is not. Theoreti cally the Hou-:Q of Lords cannot be reformed, but practically it would accept almost any reform proposed bv a strong Conservative Government and known to bo acceptable to the Queen.*' The article he had quoted showed that th9 Senate had become so power ful in the United States that it was able to ignore tha voice of the people. It might be asked, ' Why didn't they relorci tho Senate at tho expiration of the war?' But it should he rc:nemborud that a great deal of domestic legislation was required to restore the order necessary for her commercial position, and the icf|uircmont3 of the day so overclouded the is3-tc of tho Suies that that issue was forgotten at the time. The American system had produced more misery than was to bo found in any other country in tbe world. America ought not to be in that posi tion, because it was comparatively a young country, and had enjoyed only recently the settlement of her great western territory. She had had tho advantage of a tremendous increase of population, and whether the hon. member liked to call them paupers or not there was not tho least doubt about is that wherever there was such a population with climatic influences and soil like that of America wealth ought to accompany those people. With all those advantages he held that America did not enjoy that which she ought to to-day. The reason she was not in a prosperous state was the form of government which controlled her at the present time. Any one who would say that America was a para dise for tho working men or for tho mass of the people had only to take Government statistics for it. He would quote from W. T. Stead's book ' Chicago of To- day.' He was not a man who went to London, running away like a cocktail, but he told the Chicago people face to face. He wrote:— 'According to tho latest Government statistics the Americans possess 60 billions of wealth. Nine per cent, of the families own 71 per cent. of this, leaving but 29 per cent to the remaining 91 per cent of the families. The 9 per cent, is composed of two classes rich and millionaires. Of the latter there are 4,074 families, they average 3 million dollars each. They constitute only 3-100ths of 1 per cent, of the whole number of families, while they hold 20 per cent. of the wealth. That is they own nearly as much as the 11,593,887 families.' It was a great country for the development of millionaires. (Mr. O'Malley— ' They will be divided up by-and-by.") He would be very sorry to divide them up. Any accumulated wealth any person had got under the existing laws of this or any other country he would never raise his hand to take away by revolu tion or anything of that sort. Mr. Stead went on :— ' The process of accumulation goes on irresistibly. . . . Even the modest appeal to levy a small income tax is denounced as 'un-American,' and the modification of the tariff seems as far off as ever. Mayor Pingree, of Detroit, sent out as his Christmas card an extract from a letter said to have been written by President Lincoln shortly before his death with the question — ' What are you going to do about it?' Tho letter proceeds —'It has indeed been a trying time for the Republic, but I see in the near future a crisis approach ing that unnerves me, and causes me to tremble for the safety of my country. As a result of the war corporations have been enthroned, and an era of corruption in high places will follow ; and the money power of the country will endjivour to prolong its reign by working upon the prejudictis of the people until the weaUlh is aggregated in a few hands and the Repubic is destroyed. I feel at this moment more anxiety for tho safety of my country than evor before, even in the midst of war. God grsnt that my suspicions may be groundless.'' To-day proved that his cuspicions wero nut groundless. That which Lincoln had pro pbe»ied would como to pass had come to pasc as tlio result of tho existing form of govern ment in Amecrina, and they were going to (fraft the most vicious part of that Constitution on to their own Federal Constitution. He favoured tho proposals of the Bill that were not going to make tho Senate too powerful, for the reasons that tho interests of the workers of NeW South Wales and Victoria and South Australia were identical, and that the gmat bogio that was raised continually that they had to fear tho peoplo of New South Wales or the population of Victoria presented no ghost to him. What he was afraid of was that the government might get into tho hands of a few, and in that direction a great danger to liberty and tho cause of pro gress existed, and not in tho direction that tho States- rights Party were trying to placo before them. (Sir John Downer— 'You do not want to throw away States rights.') Seeing that he could not get any thing better, he was prepared to accept the proposals in the Bill. If he wanted to destroy federation he would become a strong States-rights man. As he believed in federa tion, and wanted it on as good lines as he possibly could, he accepted the pro posals of 'the Bill as a compromise to bring about what they all desired— a good common-sense scheme of federation. He wanted to put before the people the fact that, although they had not a true federation where the Senate had co-ordinate powers, they had federations where that did not exist. Ho did not know whether they called the German consolidation a federation or a confederation, but they could say of them that if they wanted a united Australia for defence pur poses Germany, under her confederation, had been able to present a very strong front to the enemy. If they wanted a federation for commercial enterprise or to develop commercial instincts and open the markets of the world. Germany under her Constitution had done so, and was making rapid progress. Yet he would point out that Germany had not equal representa tion in the so-called Federal Council. Even taking tho view that they had to accept fede ration with equal representation in the Senate, he did not think that as Democrats they had a great deal to fear. Prussia had 17 representa tives ; Bavaria, 6. : Wurtemberg. 4 ; Saxony, 4 : Baden, 3: Hessc, 3: Brunswick, 2: and the smaller States, 1. Yet they were able undcr that form of goveniment to protect all their States. The formation of new States had a certain amount of danger. Although the Bill professed to guard that particular point it did not give enough safeguards for him. He could see that it was quite possible under the Bill to divide Queensland into two or three States. They would only be too pleased to form the Northern Territory into a State. They would have Western Australia, with her enormous territory, separated into another two States. And they might have the small islands in the Pacific Ocean coming in under the designation of States, without any common interest with us, as a member of the Sydney Parliament said. If a lot of these semi- tropical States acted together, and if they made the Senate too powerful, they would be in danger of bringing about what the people of Australia did not like— coloured labour. Some thing would have to be done in that direction more than the Bill at present showed. He called attention to clause 110. Under that clause, if a minimum-wage Bill were passed in this House applicable to private employers it would be unconstitutional, because an Adelaide factory owner might be a Melbourne man, and his State might have no such Act in force. If a Melbourne citizen had a shop here South Australia could not interfere with tie way in which he conducted his business. One of his greatest fears was in the risk they ran of making the High Court of the Federation so powerful that it could be a check upon all future progressive legislation. He was satis fied that they as British people, if they placed themselves under this yoke, would regret it very much. The liberties they had enjoyed under their own and tho British Constitution, if they brought themselves under this Bill, would be lost. The language of this Bill had been consider ably shortened ; the more important the law was the less general must its language be, and the greater therefore the need for interpreta tion. The result was that the range of the law was considerably more than it should be. To make any other power superior to the Parliament was one of the greatest mistakes they could possibly make. It had been one of the traditions of the British people that the Courts of law should administer Acts as Parliament gave them to them, and when the Courts had administered the law differently from the way Parliament intended. Parliament had always had the power to repeal or to validate its original intention. A little while ago a momber of another place raised a question of taxation at the Courts. He said the law did not apply to him. It was the distinct understanding of Parliament that it should apply to all holding such qualifications as he did. But tbe Court held contrary to the in tention of Parliament, and immediately Sir John Downer brought down a Bill stating that Parliament did intend the opposite to what the Court held, that the law meant it and always had meant it, with the result that the law was administered to-day differently from the first decision of the Court. In Sydney in the last few days a very important decision had been given in the Equity Court as to the land tax. It caused a great sensation. The Government immediately communicated with Mr. Reid, and was going to introduce a Validating Act to get things right. But if they had made a Court so powerful as proposed in this Bill the Parliament would have been powerless, and tho land tax would have been a dead letter, and every one knew the impedi ments that were put in the way of altering the Constitution. It was not tho Senate that the Americans objected to so much as the High Court, which was most distasteful to the Ameri cans. A State of America could pass a law to day and could act upon it, but after a long time some one might raise the question as to Con stitution. Tho result was that it was taken before the Senate and the High Court and it was found out that the State had been acting unconstitutionally. They could pass a law in America under the impression that it was in accordance with the Constitution, and to their surprise the Supreme Court was continually cropping up and giving adverse verdicts. On March 5, 1895, the Supreme Court of Illinois declared that it was unconstitutional to have a Factory Act which forbade the employment of females in any factory or workshop for more than eight hours a day. (Mr. O'Malley— ' An outrage on democracy.') He was convinced that those who framed tho Constitution of America never contemplated that owing to its provisions the present fac tories system in that country would lie per petuaten. Yet because of tho language used in the Constitution this had to be tolerated, He had in his hand a leaflet by tho Inspectors of tho Illinois factories, which had been sent to South Australia by Miss Ellen Gladstone, daughter of the ex Premier of Great Britain, who would not have drawn attention to the matter unless the circumstances justified her in doing so. One of the greatest dangers to them as Britishers was to surrender their liberties to the Judicial High Court of Australia. (Mr. Glynn— 'If the Judges do not go by tho letter of the Constitution they become legislators. ') He wanted tho Judges to administer the inten tions of tho Parliament as much as possible. The Commonwealth Bill gave them powers which were never contemplated by tho framers, as had been done in America ; and, whilst a powerful section of the community in America said that the State Senate was a block upon progress, there was nobody who doubted the fact that the Supreme Court was the biggest obstacle in the way of progress as understood at the present time, because it used language employed 100 years ago when the social conditions of the people were totally different from those which existed to-day. If they placed the powers contemplated in the hands of the High Court it would be an utter impossibility to alter them unless by some outrageous violation in the way of administra tion. He asked members before giving their consent to the handing over of the present liberties of tbe subject to hesitate. The Judges were supposed to deal with State matters as between State and State, and as much he would not fear them ; but only one question in twelve months would arise as the interests of State between State. To-day the whole of the Courts of America were put in motion as touching tho interests of individuals as against those of the masses. The great decision of Mr. Justice Marshall in the Dartmoor College case had played into the hands of tho large Corporations of America. Certain privileges were given to the College under charter by the British Crown, and it was held by Mr. Justice Marshall to be good in law, and could not be altered, as it was a law of contract. It was under that decision that the great Corporations of America were upheld. ( Mr. Glynn—'' It was not the fault of the Judge. He only in terpreted the law and stated tho difficul ties of amending the Constitution.' That strengthened his argument that they had to be very cautious in defining the powers of the Senate. There existed in tho Constitution of America power which he dreaded to see in the Australian Constitution, and he was strengthened in this by the fact that tho Bill was taken through very rapidly indeed— as one commenter had said, it went through like sausage-meat through a machine. Tho majority of members of the Convention were lawyers, and he was afraid of this legal train of mind of tho great body of delegates. If they wanted to drain a marsh they would not ask tho frogs for permission to do so. That was the position he took up. He did not want to be unkind or disrespectful to tho legal profession, and although they claimed so much in the way of being able to liberate themselves from tho surroundings, and looked only at the case from the facts placed before them, the lawyers as a rule were only human beings after all. It was only natural from their training and surroundings that they should make their profession a supreme power in any particular government. In England tho struggle for more power had been going on for generation after generation in tho Courts, and it was a question if they had not reached the limit at which they should stop. The amendment of the Constitution was another point that needed to be very carefully considered. Mr. Glynn had admitted by interjection that the American Constitution was in default and that it was hard to amend it. What was proposed in this Bill? They wanted an absolute majority of the Senate and of the House of Representatives, and that would be very difficult indeed to get, because of the different interests of the different colo nies. If they were once formed into a united Government they would he continually clash ing against each other, and local prejudices would arise and influence tho votes given them. Their own experience in this House showed how difficult it was to secure an abso lute majority. When they were passing tho Women's Franchise Bill a member of the House who wanted to get away late at night had to be waylaid in the corridor and treated as a great big child to be persuaded to stop, so that an absolute majority could be made up. It would be very difficult to get an absolute majority of both Houses to agree upon an amendment of the Constitution. (Commissioner of Public Works— ' It would be unsafe to have a minority.') Of course; but the two Houses would represent different interests. (Treasurer — ' Both Houses are elected on the came suff rage.'') That was clear, but he mistrusted the election for tho Upper House by tho one con stituency. Somehow or other only the wealthy and moneyed class would get into that House. Then, before tho Constitution could be altered it must be submitted to the whole people. Here the same difficulty would arise, if it were submitted to a majority of the States there might be some chance of getting tho amendment, but where the interests of the people were at stake, and certain privileges or advantages were given to them as under this Bill, taking human nature as it was, it would be a very hard job to give them up. Then the amendment of the Constitution had to be endorsed by a majority of tho States, and afterwards sub mitted for approval to the Governor-General for tho assent of Her Majesty the Queen. It must be a very tender, well-nurtured Con stitution ; a brilliant Constitution that could be formed by any Convention under the sun, to think that it was so difficult to alter it after the Colonies had once entered it. The freedom of England from revolution was owing to the fact that the Constitution had been of such a character that it could be amended when it was put to the test, and if a Constitution were made for Australians that was too hidebound he believed that any Australian would not hesitate to break the bonds even by tho spilling of blood. They had no right to make tbe Constitution the most conservative of the world as regarded tho power of amendment. Without all the paraphernalia in front of it. all they wanted was to provide for its submission to the people straight out. Under this Bill South Australia was going to suffer the insult that when she had cast her vote for this federation only one-half of her votes were to be counted. Because the women of South Australia had a vote they were as capable and worthy of voting for this particular Legislature as the men. (Mr. Caldwell — ' They would not be more insulted than the women in the other colonies.') Tho women in the other colonies had not tho right to vote. Tho very first step towards bringing about this glorious Constitu tion was to disfranchise half the voters of South Australia, The very first step towards the greater liberty that was talked of was to actually curtail the liberties of our people. (The Treasurer— 'It is not any such thing.' Mr. O'Malley— -'It is in the Constitution right enough.') The Bill provided that 'only half the votes for and against the pro posed law should be counted in any State in which adult suffrage prevails.' (TheTreasurer —'That is the only possible fair thing.') Then we ought not to go for federation until the other colonies were up to our standard. (Mr. Solomon—' Or down to it') The aspira tions of the people of New South Wales were in this direction, and it would not be very long before the women in Victoria had the vote too. The delegates of South Australia quietly gave up half tho voting power of South Australia to get this Bill. (Tbe Treasurer— ' No ; it simply puts us up to the level of the rest.') The others had not the privileges we had. The women were quite as good to vote as the men. (The Treasurer — 'We have no reason to make South Australia twice as strong as the others.' Mr. Glynn— 'The Convention has no power to alter the Enabling Act, and that settles the people voting in the referendum.') He was speaking of the difficulty of altering the Constitution after it was accepted. He held that the women of South Australia were being insulted by saying that if they rated their vote would only count a half. As far as their liberties and rights, the only way they would be expended would be to work out their salvation in small sacrifices. Although he believed in federation, he thought it should come, as every noble movement had come, by evolution. They had a right, and it was imperative upon them to conserve the interests of those coming after them. The things uppermost in his mind were the making the Senate of such a character as to be tbe means of strangling the aspirations of the people that the Federal Judiciary should not usurp the powers of tho Parliament, and that they should make it easier to alter tho Constitution than the Bill provided. (Treasurer— 'It would not be safe to go into the Constitution if it were easy to alter it.') There was no doubt about the security, but the security should make for liberty. His trouble was that they wero making a Constitu tion binding upon the coming generation, and instead of developing the highest and noblest aspirations of tho people it might be the means in the hands of the few to suppress and enslave them, and he thought it should be made easier. (The Treasurer— 'It is not put in the hands of the few; it is in tho hands of the many.') If it were to bo put in the hands of the people why put all the impediment in tho way of altering the Constitution. If it were a matter for the people why did they not adopt the Swiss method of putting it to the people. (Treasurer — ' You cannot put it to tho people unless you have something to put.') When an amendment was de sired it had to pass the Senate and House of Representatives by absolute majori ties and then a majority of the States. (Treasurer — 'It only has to pass the two Houses, and is then referred to the people.' Mr. Glynn— 'The votes cast must be a majority of the States.') That was one of the points he would have' liked tho Treasurer to evplaic. (Treasurer— ' I intend to da that in Committee. It is a waste of time to do it now.'') The whole thing was a waste of time. They were told that they had no power to make amendments, and they might just as well send the Bill straight back to the Con vention. He hoped when federation came about it would be upon broad and right lines. On tho motion of Mr. O'MALLEY the debate was adjourned until Wednesday, Julv 21. The TREASURER, in fixing tho debate, asked members to come prepared to make pro grcs?. (Hon. A. Catt— 'We cannot if each one takes four hoars.') September 2 was ap proaching, and unless they sat two nights a week they could not get through. PAPERS. Bvche COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS:— By Command— Return showing improvements sanctioned on pastoral leases. By tho COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS:— By Command— Report as to quality of Bundaleer water. Tenders and correspondence re waterpipe contract. ADJOURNMENT. Tho House at 10.25 p.m. adjourned until Wednesday, July 21, at 2 p.m. 