| A Sydney liraele. i Investigation by a Beporter. THE INTERESTING CASE OF MR. THOMAS JARVIS, WHO SAYS THAT A FEW WEEKS AGO HE : WAS CRIPPLED — PARTIALLY 1 PARALYSED, SUFFERING FROM I LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA. AND HELP- ; LESS. DOCTORS, HOSPITAL AU- i THORITIES, AND EVERY ONE I SAID HE MUST DIE, AS HIS CASE WAS HOPELESS. BUT THEY WERE MISTAKEN. TO-DAY HE IS A NEW MAN, FULL OF LIFE ! AND ENERGY, HIS CRUTCHES HE HAS THROWN AWAY, HIS DEAD LIMBS HAVE LIFE, HIS APPE TITE HAS RETURNED, AND, IN FACT, HE HAS A NEW LEASE OF LIFE OUT AND OUT. j So much interest has been shown by I our readers in this marvellous case that | we have published tho facts again as : they appeared In the "Australian. Work man',' a few weeks ago:— One afternoon our representa- 1 live made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jar vis, 45 Crown- ! lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nurs ing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to he one of the happiest men In Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at tho door. In reply to tho preliminary questions he said: "You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an oppor tunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "How long were you suffering?" "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to LEAVE OFF WORK, and I have done nothing since then. About live years ago, next Christmas, I met . with an accident ; I was badly scalded while talcing a bath in Pitt- street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been In falling health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." "What were the symptoms?" . | "Simply Indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as If a SAW WERE CUTTING MY BONES ; In two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was Incessantly shivering and ; shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. How ever, he gave me an order to the Direc tor of Charitable Institutions." "Did you 'make use of the order?" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well In bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt -ihen that it was ALL OVER WITH ME, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, character ised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty In co- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion Is not infallible.) "Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an Idea conveyed by the advertisement describ ing the cure effected in the case of an other boiler-maker in England, which I read In the 'Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I deter mined to give the Pink Pills a trial, any way, and SENT FOR A BOX. The effect was as marvellous as It was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I Immediately left tliebed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now'taklng the fifth box. I CAN WALK ABOUT with the aid of a stick, and am gradu ally, but surely, recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches there? They were made for me before ' I got Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon ' to do without It. You see, I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come In and taken the ..." . " j _ M baby on her knees. "Dr. Williams' Plnfe " H Pills have H '.SAVED HIS LIFE, S and made another man of him."." .( H A friend who called in at this pohlfi said that Jarvis looked 10 years younger H that day than he did' a fortnight prevl- ously.. H "I can now," continued Jarvis, "havts a cold bath, and all the fdeling has com« back in my legs. If I keep on going thd way I am, I hope to be able' t<i resume work as a boilermakeif, and you know I have to be is, the very plnlc of health arid strength to work at that trade. I am . , BETTER' TO-DAY J than I have been at any time during thq past five years. I ascribe all the change i and benefit to these Pink Pills. Thuj>: have saved my life. I am In no pahs now whatever, and feel like a ngw mauj. On the mantelpiece there Is a bbx of i OPIUM and MORPHIA! ,» pills which the doctor gave me to deadois the excruciating pain. But they riaijf stay where they are, for I no longer nbedl: , them. Everybody who knows me ha:;; been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My be , ing about again has caused quite a se'u-> sation out here." Such is this vemarkable- history, and. confirms what is said In all the chloS newspapers of this country of the as tonishing cures .wrought by Dr. WU-- Hams' Plnlc Pills for Pale People. The;';: cure locomotor ataxy, .partial paralysis;, and spinal disease, also the many diiH orders which arise from an Impoverish-; ed state of the blood, such as anaemia.;, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains In. the back, nervous headache, &c.; These pills are a tonic, not a purga-J tlve. They are genuine only with the) full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills fon Pale People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers generally, or the DrJ Williams' Medicine Company, ' Queon'S Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt! of stamps or post order one box fon 2s 9d, or half-dozen for 14s 9d. \ 