A Wonderful Woman ; OR, THE DAKGERFiELD MYSTERY/- \--;o: — By MES MAY AGNES FLEMING. Author of " Wed, Yet N® Wife," Norino," "Baronet's End®," Eta, CHAPTER XXI.— SIR ARTHUR TREGENNA. For one moment he thought the dead had risen; for one moment lie stood speechless and spellbound; for one brief, horrible moment he thought he saw Katherine Dangerfleld looking at him across her own grave 1 She made no attempt ho speak, but stood with her icy gaze fixed upon Mm — her face changeless, marble In Its expression. He was first to break the silence. "Miss Herncastle!" he gasped. "You'." Her eyes left him, and he moved. While they were riveted upon him lie had stood as one under a spell. "I. Sir Peter!" The low, soft, sweet tones lingered like music on the ear. "And I fear I have startled you again; but I never dreamed of seeing you here." "Nor I, you. What brings you, a stranger, to thiis place of all places, Miss Herncastle, so soon after your arrival?" He asked the question angrily and sus piciously. Surely there was something ominous and sinister In this woman, who looked enough like the dead girl to have been her twin sister, and who visited her grave so speedily after her arrival. Miss Herncastle drew her mantle about her tall, . slim figure, and turned to go, "I came out for a walk, Sir Peter. I have been In the schoolroom all day, and I am not used to such close confinement. I asked my . lady's permission to take a walk, and she gave it. I am a rapid walker, and I soon found myself here, the town behind. It looked so peaceful, so calm, so inviting, that I entered. This lonely grave attracted me, and I was reading the inscription as you came up. If I had known it could have mattered in any way — that I would have disturbed anyone by coming — I should not have come!" She bent her head respectfully, and moved away. Dressed all in black, moving with a peculiarly swift, noise less, gliding step, she looked not unlike a phanthom 'herself fitting among the graves. And In what an emotionless, level mono-tone she had spoken, as a child repeats a lesson learned by rote! He stood and looked after her, darkly, distrustfully. It seemed plausible enough; but that hidden instinct that conies to us to warn us of danger told him something was wrong. "Who Is she?" he repeated— "who is she? Enough like Katherine to be her twin sister! Who Is she?" He stopped suddenly. " Enough like Katherine to be her twin sister? Who was there to say Katherine never had a sister? He knew nothing of her or her family, save what Mrs Vavasor chose to tell. Katherine might have had a dozen sis ters for what he or she ever knew." A gleam came Into his eyes; he set his teeth with some of his old bull-dog re solution. "Katherine is dead and buried — nothing can alter that, and this young woman, and this Herncastle, is more like her than it Is possible for any but sisters to be. I'll find out who Miss Herncastle is, and all about her, and what's she here for, before I'm a month older!" » "Queen le," Lady Dangerfleld said, "I find we shall not be moped to death down here, after all; we shall have two gentlemen more than we counted cn Sir Andrew Tregenna and Major Frank- land— for our lawn party this after noon. I wonder what sort of a croquet player Sir Arthur is, by-the-bye." "Ginevra, I wish you hadn't asked Major Frankland down here. I detest that man! Sir Peter is jealous. The odious familiar way he addresses you, 'too, and his horrid, coarse, common place compliments! .Bah! Why doesn't he try to be original, it least?" "Queenle, I wonder why you dislike him so much?" "I dislike all mere clubroom loungers, all well-dressed tailors' blocks, without one Idea in their heads, or one honest, manly feeling in their hearts. Major Frankland knows Sir Peter 1 -tes him. If he were a right-feeling man,rould he come at all, knowing it?" " Certainly he would, when I in vite him. If Sir Peter doesn't like the friends I ask, then I would re commend Sir Peter to keep out of their sight. By the way, what was that long discourse you and he had last even ing about? Natural philosophy?" "No; ghosts," answered Lady Cecil. "He believes in ghosts. He_is„n't positive yet that Miiss Herncastle is""not the dis embodied spirit of that poor gtrl that died here; and he .says there is a place three miles off— Bracken Hollow, I be lieve—haunted to a certainty." "My opinion Is," said Sir Peter's wife, "that Sir Peter is in a very bad wa.y, and that we shall be taking out a decree of lunacy against him one of these days. Sir Peter may not absolutely be in ad, but in 'the elegantly allegorical language of the day, his head's not right" ,lWhat Is that about Sir Peter?" in quired the earl, sauntering up. "Mad, is he, Ginevra? 'Pon my life I always thought so.slnce he -committed his crown- — to; — ing folly of marrying you. Pray, what has he done lately?" "Nothing mo-re than the Right Honor able Earl of Ruysland has done be fore him — talked of seeing ghosts. He takes Miss Herncastle, the governess, for a ghost; so did you. Now, uncle Raoul, whose ghost did you take her for?" "Oh, yes, I remember," said the earl, jPlacldly; "but she did not disturb me very greatly. She has a vague sorit of resem blance to a lady dead and gone. Oh! by the way, I am going into Castleford. Is there anything I can do for either of you ladies?" "If you are going into Castleford, my lord," said Ginevra, "I have two or three commissions I wish you would execute. Queenle, where are you going? It will not detain me an instant." "I am going to 'the nursery. Lessons are over by this time, and Pearl says no one can make dolls' dresses with the skill I can." She left the room. Lady Dangerfleld looked after her, then at her uncle, with a malicious smile. "It you really want Cecil to marry Sir Arthur Tregenna, all your finesse, all your diplomacy will be required. I fore see thirty thousand a year trembling in the balance. She is inclined to rebel- talks about being sold, and the rest of It." "She shall marry Sir Arthur," the earl responded, serenely; "it is written— it is destiny. And now write ou't your list quickly, my dear, I shall be late as it is." Lady Cecil reached the schoolroom. Lessons were ere long ended, and Miss Herncastle put by her books, walked across the room, and stood looking wear ily out of -the window at the mellow after noon radiance. The twins pleaded piteously for the game of "tag," and aunt Cecil consented. The dolls were flung down in an igno minious heap, and Lady Cecil followed out of doors In chase of the Children with a zest that for the moment equalled their own. And thus it was, flushed, breath less, dishevelled, laughing, romping like a girl of twelve, Sir Arthur Tregenna saw her first. All aglow, all breathless, she came full upon Sir Arthur. He was laughing from sympathy with that merry peal. If she had striven for a thousand years to bewitch him she could never have succeeded half so well as in this moment, when she was not thinking of him at all. She stopped short— still laughing, blushing, and aghast. "Lady Cecil Clive, I believe?" He took off his hat, and stood bare headed before her— tall, noble, gravely smiling, as Lady Cecil gave him her hand. "Sir Arthur Tregenna, I am sure. Did you not meet— Pansy, be quiet— did you not meet papa? He left here to go to the station." "I did not meet him. Probably I pass ed him, for I left the station Immedi ately." "Then permit me to welcome you In his stead. Ah, here is papa now and Major Frankland." "My dear boy — my dear Arthur!" The earl sprang out of the carriage, and shook the young baronet's hand with ef fusion. "Such a contretemps— just a mo ment too late. I saw you drive off, and I returned with Frankland. Major Frank- land, of the — th Lancers— Sir Arthur Tre genna!" "Aw, my dear Lady Cc-cil, charmed to see you again, and looking so well," said the major; "but then we all know, to out- cost, La Reine Blanche invariably looks her best on every occasion. And here comes our charming hostess. Aw, Lady Dangerfleld, so happy to meet you once more. London has been a perfect desert wi/thout you." And then the mistress of Scarswood was greeting and welcoming her guests, and the first detachment of the lawn party began to arrive, and in the bustle Lady Ceci) made her escape. "The sultan has come, and his slave must wait until it pleases him to throw the handkerchief," she murmured, bitter ly. "He comes here to inspect me as he might a horse or a house he wanted to buy; and if I suit him I am to be bought If I do not— — , Oh, papa! papa! how could you subject me to so shameful an ordeal?" A short while after this, there was a knock at Lady Cecil's door, and Lady Dangerfleld appeared. My lady was all summery muslin, Valenciennes lace, and yellow roses, her black eyes alight, her cheeks glowing with pleasure and liquid rouge. "Come, Queenle, you are to be on the opposite side; first red, and all that Every one has come, and Sir Arthur and the major are on the croquet ground. Really, Cecil, Sir Arthur isn't bad-looking — that is .to say, if he were not beside Major Frankland. Comparisons are odious, and beside him " "Of course, beside him, the Angel Ga briel, if he were to descend, would appear to disadvantage. Ginevra, Sir Arthur looks as if he had common-sense, at least — more than I can say for your pet military poodle. Poor little Bijou! If he only knew what a dangerous rival has come to oust him!" | The two. ladles descended together tl the croquet ground— an admirable foil- blonde and brunette . . The major and Lady Dangerfleld play ed a vigorous game, sending their adver saries' bails to the farthest limits ot space, and never missing a hoop. Lady Cecil Clive played abominably; her sldt was beaten ingioriously In every game. All the time Sir Arthur's eyeB were up on the fair Cecil, and Sir Arthur wa» speculating as to whether or no she wa« fitted to be his wife. What a fair, sweet, proud face it was, bow much sou! in the softly lustrous eyes, how much gentle ness, goodness, aboutthe perfect lips. Could any one who locked like that— who loved little children and played with them, a very child herself, be the cold blooded coquette.tlie vain flirt who tram pled on hearts wholesale, for her selfish' gratification? No, no, a hundred times no! Such a face must mirror a pure and spotless soul, eyes like these took their kindness and their sweetness from a gentle and u'omanly heart. "Her loveliness makes men her cap tives. How can she be blamed for 'that?" lie thought. Sir Arthur was predisposed to be pleased. He wanted to fulfil a father's dying -wish and marry his old frieud'a. daughter. The days went rapidly by at Scars- wood, and a week had passed since th® . afternoon of Sir Arthur Tregenna's and Major Frankland's arrival, and a very; animated week it had been. Lady Dan gerfleld never grew weary in well-doing; her fertile brain originated pleasure pair.ty. after pleasure party with an assiduity worthy a better cause. There had been ; boating parties, croquet, and drives and gallops to every interesting spot for mile® ; around. There had been Fortnum and ; Mason's hampers, chickens and cliam- : pagne, pateB de foie gras, and clareit cup, . on land and sea. And now a genuine old fashioned pic-nic to the seashore was un der way. A week had passed since Sir Arthur'® i arrival — seven long summer days and : nights under the same roof with Lady ; Cecil, the greatest flirt of the season. : Wh'at did he think of her by this timet. \ No one could have told, not the young- ; lady, certainly, to whom his manner wo \ calm, friendly, and genial, but as fa ' removed from her experience of love- J making as It was possible to Imagine. i So far as Lady Cecil could see, all her "1 beauty, and brightness, and fascination® "i were so many arrows that glanced off his 4 polished chain-mall armor. She wa® a singularly free from vanity; in a calm way she was conscious of her own great j beauty, as she was of her proud old.';;; name, but the smallness of personal con- celt she had never felt. Sir Arthur could tell her of Australia ' and its wonderful hidden wealth; of - bright, busy, transatlantic cities — of Call- fornia, where he had lived for monttlu 4 among camps and mines and the reckless men, the sweepings of the world, who fly. < there for safety, or for gold. He told her of Algiers, where he had i wintered last year; and of how narrowly, > his life had been saved. Lost on th® desert, a flock of wild Bedouins, inflamed J with rapine and liquor, had swept dowS ; upon him with shrill cries. He fought - against terrible odds as long as he | could, then just as a lance head had /, pierced him, a horseman had ridden down like the wind, and, with a ringing Eng- ; lish cheer, had laid about him right and -- left like a lion. Wherever that flashing ' blade fell, an Arab bit the dust. Then,. „ 1 faint and sick from loss of blood, he reel-.) ed from the saddle, and opened his eye® in his own quarters in Algiers. 4" "And the gallant Englishman who saved you?" Lady Cecil breathlessly. ' asked. "He was a captain of Chasseurs— hi® v name, O'Donneil. Oddly enough in his - quarters oue day I came across a book, i a very handsome copy of 'Marmion,' with I your name on the fly-leaf. You had lent it to him, it appeared, and it had never been returned." "Captain O'Donneil seems fated to '- save people's lives," said Lady Cecil, ; laughing "He saved mine from drown- ; ing. Did be tell you of it? No? That is like his reticence. Are you aware he is in England ? : "No; I am not surprised to hear it, - though. He mentioned, casually, that' - he might shortly be in England." Lady Cecil said nothing, but that night, ' at parting, she gave Sir Arthur her hand with a kindly cordiality she had never. - shown before. AVhen the morning of the pic - nio l came. Sir Arthur, Lady Cecil, th® ) .earl, and a young lady in appla green muslin, went together In. th® ' barouche. Lady Dangerfleld drov® ) Major Frankland in her pony phaeton, J The rest of the young ladies followed in a second barouche, with two. cava-- Hers on horseback, the only married lad' of the party being the baronet's wifo. - j It was an intensely hot day, the sutt:; pouring down its fiery heat from a skJS ) as deeply blue as that of Italy — the heat ; quivering in a white mist over the sea, j .Not a breath of air -stirred; the sea lay,; asleep, one vast, polished lake, unde® ; that globe of molten gold. -. CHAPTER XXII— "THfcRB 18. MANY A SLIP," ETC, J When the sea shore was reached, Ladj). Cecil and her cavalier, the Cornish bar®) net, strolled away for a while, 'but thunderstorm springing suddenly Opr they were glad to hurry back to j.thjfl rest of their friends. They were not IB time, however, to escape the rain, and both got wet. 1 "I hope Ginevra and her partywWg not out in that fairy bark of, theOT, when the squall arose," remarked -LijBih Cecil to the baronet as they nearefl the rbeMlW: » ' .Then presently she" added: " ; "fiir Arthur, ' look there! The boat |?as. upset!" ' ' Thd boat had. Lady Dangerfleld, ex citedly and eloquently, poured out the tale of their hairbreadth escape as they , 'alpproahhed. They were a mile and a half, or there abouts, from the shore when the thun derstorm had so swiftly arisen, and they had turned and put back at once; but before they could almost realise the danger/the 'boat upset. The Major could swim — so could Miss Median, the rector's daughter, who was with them. Flinging. one. arm about Lady Dangerfleld, the major struck out ; lor the shore,' but, an awful .panic, had : seized the baronet's wife; sudden death Stared her. in the face, and all presence /of mind . deserted her.'- She struggled 'In the Major's clasp, clinging to.blm the While, and shrieking frantically. In vain! Lady Dangerfleld screamed . and struggled, and the picnic party was In a fair way of winding up with a tra- ; igedy, when a boat, skimming like a.' " bird over the dancing waters, and skil- j , .fully, handled by one man, shot towards , "them, swift and straight as an. arrow. I " "Bather a close finish," their deliverer f 'said, coolly, after he had rescued her . _ ladyship and the major. "You were do- j "tog your best to make for the bottom, j , '"Ate you all right there, sir? Look after the lady, will you? I think she .Is go- tag to faint." But Lady Dangerfleld did not faint — too much cold water, perhaps. She glanced at her preserver, and noticed, even In that moment, that he was one of the very handsomest men it had ever been her good fortune to behold. But .Lady Dangerfleld had not spoken one word; tears of shame and mortification Were standing in her eyes. What a K; -fright she must look — hatless, compai-a- : lively complexlonless, and her bright, ' . gossamer summer skirts clinging about her like wet leeches? What must this i remarkably good looking and self-pos sessed gentleman think of her? He was not thinking of her at all; he was ; ' Watching, with an amused face, Miss | "fiallan calmly and deliberately swim- j ming ashore, and all the other people standing like martyrs In the rain. ' ' Lady Cecil's dark eyes, full of sup- I "pressed fun, were lifted to the baronet's; ! there was a grave smile even at the 'corners of his sedate mouth. It was ; ' . Nonderful how they understood each ' other, and how much nearer they were then than they had been that mora- ing. ; . " Of course the picnic broke up in most ' '.'admired disorder," and at once. The \- wet mermaids were packed, damp and ; '. .dripping, into the carriages, and whirl- ! away to Scarswood as fast as the ' horses could trot the distance, Lady Dangerfleld bewailing her fate the , While. I ; . "He had the air of a military man," 1 she said. "There was no mistaking it. f And he was bronzed and bearded, and j \- somewhat foreign looking. A gentle- ' man beyond a shadow of ,a doubt, with i j . J0»e bow of a Lord Chesterfield or a ' . "ourt chamberlain, and the whitest j wieetU I ever saw." I It was evident Major Frankland had a rival. I "I wish I had asked his name and In- j r -"vlted him to call," her ladyship went j on. p ' "I thought we had had all the officers from j V Castleford barracks, and if any of them .? .are eminently distinguished looking I i -have hitherto failed to perceive it," re- j fetaarked Lady Cecil. j "Wewiight have had him over for our l -theatricals to-morrow night, if I had Jjfcnly had presence of mind enough, to ask his name," said Lady Dangerfleld. lfg"But how can one have presence of Ipmlnd when one's drowning?" gt wish I had thought of asking him U-Jiis name," her ladyship remarked, over Untold over again, later on returning to the " 'Unknown. "A gentleman, I am posi tive — there Is no mistaking the air of so- S idety— and an officer; I should know a .trooper In the pulpit or in bis coffin, I'gthere is no mistaking their swing. And pa»e had the most expressive eyes I think fjia ever saw." V "Your close observation does him inuch honor," said Major Frankland, . with suppressed jealousy. "He is, in all \- probability, some wandering tourist or '. Artist unknown to fame and Trafalgar . Square. It would be cruel, I suppose, '(to hint at his being a commercial travel ler, down from the metropolis with his samples." , < "Gad ! he looked like someone I've met ; before,'.' muttered the earl, glancing un- 'easlly at bis daughter. "He was in London the night of the opera, and it is just possible he may have followed us j 7: 'down here. Only that it would not be V -like him— proud as Lucifer he used to I ,'ie; and then I should think, too, be had got over the old madness. Not that she ; ftares for him, of course, or that his ap pearance will make any difference in the ! result It was only a. girl's, only a j child's fancy— and it is six years ago. j L What woman ever remembered an ab- _ sent lover six years? By the way, it's 1 : odd Sir Arthur don't propose. He is I greatly taken with Cecil, that is evi- | ' dent; and though she doesn't encourage i : lilm, she is friendly enough.", I te:,6Ir Arthur was. taken with her. . His j pjgjries followed that fairy, graceful figure j j;werywhere I be stood by the piano, while j l-tph&anW;, and She sang , sweetly, his eyes perfect face, his" ekr drinking in j \--ose sil ver.sounds. '. 'She. might not be : j his ideal, perhaps— but; which' of jiiAeyr meets or marries our ideal?— and j The. liked her very well— very well, and admired her greatly. Why not speak, men, and ask her to be his wife? , JTo'toe Continued. ' 