III. " Excuse me,--Sir Francis," she said, glancing at -the slip of pasteboard. "Tea will be here in a moment, and ! will keep you waiting no longer than I can help." Sir : Francis Lenthnrst, baronet,' and director (salaried) of a score of companies, good, bad, and in different, rose, with all the'juvenility of his six-and-fortv years, to open the door of the Mayfair drawing-room. She gave him a bewitching smile of thauks, glided oat with a languid Air and a soft swish of silken skirls, abandoning the well groomed baronet to ail irritable nbsorp tion of his finger-nails and a plentitude of angry muttoriugs. Half-way down the corridor her "society" walk developed into a pace that flushed her cheekB and jeopardized the welfare of her straw-colored coiffure, whose tem poral valne was one of at least 40 minutes. Her heart harked back for a moment, I think, to the old boulder walled trysting-plaee at Linney ; for when lmr soft,,grey eyes rested on him the ohl greeting rose to her lips, in spite of ail the " varnishing process that could be crowded into a period of over nine .months. " Oh, Kid ! Is it really you ? " The arms of the bronzed young man —and those arms were cased in the sleeves of a faultless frock coat, not in the sleeves of a coarse blue shirt, with tin wrist-buttons—lifted her from her ! feet with arrogant assumption of pro prietorship she could not resent. She ransomed herself at last with a kiss, and he sat her down, her eyes dancing and her hair and gown sadly awry and rumpled. Then he looked at her with catechising sternness. Why didn't she write ? Why did she leave him to eat his heart out at Linney ? She listened with hanging head, helpless before the torrent of! questions. It was the pater—no longer "dad"—she explained, who, with his habitual " spikiness," had tabooed the correspondence. It had been no fault of hers—and surely Frank knew that? There was -a hint of rain in her eyes and 1 in the suspicious quivering of her red lips—a suggestion of tears—that brought him down from his judicial pedestal at once. " Forgive me, little girl," he said, gently. " I'm a brute. Now, listen to me, for I've something to tell you.' " He sottly closed the door, and then faced her, palling at his moustache with Staking hand. "There was once a young-man," he began, steadily .enough, '^who lost his parents far; too soon for his own good. He had some money— something between .£80,000 and £90,000—and it looked odds on a title into the bargain, for his"uncle was a baronet, a childless widow, and a—a Well, never mind about that. This young ass went to Oxford, while his respected uncle did the heavy till he was ileck-deep in debt and had a reputation that a polecat wouldn't envy. By and by, as things got lumpy, the noble baronet remembered his loving nephew —and the lad's guineas, and thought lie would like to borrow them. He ex plained that his affairs were only tem porarily embarrassed, promised a cent per-cent. gamble in some new company, '■ and, more to save the estate than any tiling else, the watery-brained idiot let himself be fleeced. When the troth j came out he left Oxford with less than ! £100—all lie had in the world—and ! went to—well, it was further than Putney. And there he met a sweet: | little girl and fell in love. The wicked j uncle prospered, of course, just like they j do in the fairy tales, hut with a longer I spell. For a man to have the woman he ' loves thousands of miles away from him i | is bad enough, and a rough hand to i I play against. But when he finds ont— j | I don't mean to say that this young fool i i had any real claim on her, mind you— j | that a rumor of her engagement is ! I exploited in ragged society papers and j sprinkled about in tenth-rate drawing- i rooms one can't blame him for going a j hit wild. And I guess the wicked; uncle, whom they say she's going to ; marry, would have stood (town if he'd j known the truth." j She was watching him with parted ! lips and wide open eyes. She did not grasp it all at once, perhaps, for she 1 pulled herself together with a dazed start when he paused, laughing softly. " I'm staying tea, lassie," he said, " and I've come a long way to have it with you. Come, it's five o'clock." Her hand lav unresistingly in his as they went down the corridor, and she eyed his face now and then askance, with an odd look, half of pride, haif of fear. Suddenly she stood still, with a whispered " Frank" and a sob. " I didn't think you cared for me so much, poor boy," she whispered. " But it's, not trne about—no, it's not true." " I'd have staked a big pool on it." He hid the sigh of heartfelt relief that sprang to his lips with some success and drew her close. " You'd better begin saving up your halfpence ■ now, little girl," he added.lightly," for X gness I've almost won that diamond pin. This way to the tea-booth, is it ? Bight." Before she jconld utter a protest, almost before she had time to think, he had swung open the drawing-room door and forced her in, his arm still circling her waist. At the creak of the hinges the bored ■ look vanished from the baronet's face, to be replaced by an ex pression of honeyed pleasure. Then "his cheeks paled, and the eyeglass fell and jingled against his watch-chain. He fell back a step, clutching at the velvet curtain of the window. " You, Frank'. " he gasped. " You I " The man from Linnoy chuekled softly. " Yes. I'm Prank f^«ntharst and no ghost. Glad to see you looking so well, uncle. The fact of the matter is I'm going to start housekeeping—at least, Milly and I arc going to do it between us. I think Pre a bit of paper some where with your name on it for a few shillings—£87,000 I guess. Hope von'll pay up at once, as I'm a little short. W"e can't commence life ou tenner or so, can we, little woman ? Oh, don't go, uncle. You'll stay to tea, 1 won't you ? Ob, look here " But the baronet was gone. * # # # It was Milthorn's deep-rooted gam bling instinct, I think, that made him receive the news as he did. He had been playing for a title of some kind (so far with poor success, for even the im pecunious lordlings seemed to be sur feited with the rapid ripening of millionaires), and, with Frank Len thurst for a son-iu-law, he was con scious that he held a promising hand. To Milly alone he lisped his disapproval between the puffs of his dirty clay pipe. " I've been mixed up with some lumpy deals in my time," he said, witheringly. " But for a promisin' concern, with a strong board of directors an' full capital paid-up, ye'r 'hout the wust spec I ever handled. Mebbe we can make yer go later. We'll Irv." 