THE OMEO STANDARD, j With which la Incorporated the. Omoo Tolegraph : FJSlDATy APRIL, ISB7. THE BALD HEAD llOAD. It is so seldom that any, traffic to speak of goes over tlint much abused highway, the. Mount Baldhead road, that the. announcement that thirty tons of machinery is to be taken into Shecpstation by tho route, has caused quitfe'a flutter’ of pleasurable excite ment in Bairnsdale, and; its citizens, .'who usually cultivate. a- mood of re spectable sedateness, have been shaking hands with themselves several times a day and indulging in much high falutin about what they are pleased to call, the “ great national highway to the north.” While no one wishes for a moment to check their ardour, as’many a day must pass before another such oppor tunity is available as the subject ; of their demonstrations, it. may bo gently, hinted that it is all rather premature. Some years ago goods were packed from Bairnsdale- to Omeo along the Baldhead road at a price the Tambo Valley teamsters would not look at., and 'then as now there" was great re joicing in the lake city. . But the ex periment was never repeated the; packers had been induced to take the trip for considerations which'need hot. j be referred : to here, and' as' moreover they only brought the ■ very lightest goriiJs,,. traffic continued to flow in its natural channel along the .Tam bo Yalley. "■ But now a‘mc>re’substantial load is to be sent, and though‘it will not. have to travel the worst parts of the road, the. people.of Bairnsdale—. happy because so easily pleased—con-" ceive that the superiority of the Jlount Baldhead routedias beenfinally: demon strated.. , ; . ... . . Some few weeks hack the members of tlie Bairnsdale shire, council mooted a conference with the Omcb municipal representatives on, the road itself at the boundary of the two territories. A really excellent idea—if carried into' execution about the beginning of July. ■ There will then be!from Gin. to 2 ft. of snow covering, tho road for. a distance of twenty miles, and after, traversing it on snow shoes, a novel and exhilirating exercise which they would find more exciting than cycling, the municipal , magnates from the othbr end could return home with ’.ah' ampler knowledge :of the• road'1 tillin' they. how. possess.; They would; also be seized of the utter foolishness of carrying a road over a mountain clinin, 40.00 ft. high to reach"Omeo, situate1 at'an elevation of barely 2000 ft.! The idea is worth,; carrying out; .and- a, municipal conference held.. in .; inid -winter tin the highest point of tlie Biildliead''road' would do much1 to settle the little differences of opinion-. as; to. its: possibilities as the , “ great .national highway to the north ” now hold' by tile residents of' Omeo and Bairnsdale respectively. It has been truly said..that an ounce of fact is, _worth a,,ton of theory, and a July :jouftVey past Mount Baldliead into the Livingston Valley would lie nn ex perience much needed liy those who probably have never travelled in winter a road running above tho snow line, and who, in advocating such a route as a main artery for truffle, have neglected to consider natural and climatic conditions. It may happen, however, that great heights, severe winters, and a road blocked by snow will not be insupeiv able difficulties, and that spine Bairns dule people will have enterprise and enthusiasm enough to subsidise a line of sleighs to run backwards and for wards during the cold weather. True, the horses that drew them would he always breaking through the snow— but there is no need to anticipate details of trouble. If the Baldhead road, lately described by a rare pro fusion of superlative adjectives, is to he the “great national highway to the ,' north ” it must he tratlicublo all the year round ; if not by ordinary vehicles then some substitute such as is used in cold climate countries. ' Or, nnd the suggestion is made with every desire to get tlie Bairnsdale people out of a difficulty, all their municipal laborers might he stationed on the road in winter to sweep nnd shovel off the snow and strew sand nnd ashes on the many steep pinches so that traffic could pass safely. But there, what ever was done, some people would still persist in travelling along tho Tambo Valley, where snow never falls and which dos not rise 2000ft, higher than there is any necessity for it to. In the meantime tlie departure of tlie thirty tons of machinery will probably i be celebrated by a champagne Ihneheon, much speechifying ns gassy as the wine, self satisfaction all round—and then 1 anxious anticipation as to the result of the experiment. < The annual meeting of the Totigio ltucing Club is to bo held at Swift’s Creek to-morrow evening. The Bright coach will continue run ning until after Easter, and possibly for a few weeks longer if weather permits. . The meeting to form a town band for Orneo, called for last night, has been postponed until this evening at 8 o’clock. , - , , • \ I ; The receipts at the Orneo sub treasury for the quarter just'eiided are over £4200, being £2000 in excess of the corresponding quarter last year. The Hon. II. Foster has promised to give a lady’s bracelet valued at £5 5s. for competition at the sports to be hold at the Easter hospitn! carnival. A jury revision court will be held at Omeo on Wednesday morning. Copies of the jury rolls can be seen on' appli cation to the police. • ...I ; t t ’ V ; A correspondent writing from Glen. Wills early in the week stiys:-—“Bunny is surely on the march as to day 'one crossed the track in front of me close to the top of the Mount.”',. The. pick of the views taken at .the. show'and iracos by 'Mn'Lowetihimlt' have been sent to one of the Melbourne weeklies for ''reproduction in its columns. Tho Bev; Hortoii 'Williams,: "dm prenches'his fare well'sermons on Sun day next and leavesfoi; Mel bourne via ,Bright ou the following Thursday, will be entertained at a social by bis friends in the shire hall on Tuesday. Entries fo’r the'iil.M.A!. anniversary sports,' to be held'at Sunriyside on the 21st instant, close with :Mr.' Stevenson, the secretary, this evening. All pa/ t.iculars of entry are advertised bn another page. , ■:... / ,■\ . \ Thedadies-cominittee' in connection1 with the hospital carnival met on Wednesday afternoon, anil having made some preliminary: arrangements adjourned until this everting,' when they will meet in the shire oflice at 7.30. . : c \ u A letter was received last evening from Sir. T. H. Lawn, secretary of-tho Ballarat branch of the A.M.A., thank iirg’the"members of the Omeo branch ’ for their support when he stood for the secretaryship of the head branch ’ at the recent conference. “ The Bairnsdale Agricultural Society,; which the committee recommended ho wound up as the easiest’, way; of clear-, ing financial difficulties, has appointed a small committee to further consider its position in the hope that, by the issue of debentures the heavy debt may be liquidated and the .society resusci . tated. ' Nominations for the handicap events •at the’ forthcoming hospital carnival are due: on "the 7th1, instant. It is likely that “Butt” Kennedy, , the crack spinster from Delegate, who .competed at the O.A.G. meeting "at Christmas, .'will be,'.among the nomiua-, tors, ho having signified his intention’ of coming over for the Ghin/Wills and Omeo meetings. Mr. JV Marsh, a'miner well kiiowb at Cassilis, died at Brunswick last week. He jihd been/in .ill health'',for some time,..! and i prior to/ leaving ’fop, Melbourne had been under treatment by Dr. Fenton for cancer of the stomach, and his death,win! no^ at-all unexpected. lie held'nd mihing nil Merest at. Cassilis latterly, having sold out to Mr. Elliott:11, 'i :' A count of the art union tickets taken at. the gates on St. Patrick’s sports day showed that 550 adults passed through. So far, the holder of. ticket 1886, which won first prize, has inot made any ,claim, and the commit tee, having advertised the fact as widely as possible, consider it pro Table that the owner lias lost or des troyed it, not knowing its value. , ,i It mnv interest Mr. Horace Wfdker' to learn that, so far as several Gipp* land journals are concerned, he is dead. A paragraph is now going tho rounds informing the public that fie gavo up the ghost shortly ‘afteri bis removal to the hospital on tho occasion of bis recent spill. But Mr. Walker is not the only man in Omeo; who hns been killed by a newspaper and had an obituury notioe .published wliilo lie was very much in tho flesh. (. At a meeting in Brutlieri on Friday night, Dr. Ford presented. 51W H uston,’ who was on the eve of leaving for Naranderu, witli a purse of sovereigns, the result of a concert held three nights previously for his benefit, ;,Dr. Ford, i» making the presentation, remarked that .lie had known Mr.' Huston more intimately since his advent to Gipps-: land than anyone, and hnd‘ come much in touch with him in Oineo, Gleu Wills, and more recently in Bruthcn. ~j - ., The Gippslund Mercury says :— The returning .'officer for the Mji)iiig Board elections lias requested, (is...to. state, in reply to Inquiries, , that as the Mining Board lias asked for an additional polling place in the.O.ineo, division, namely/ at-'Miillucobta/ 'lie1 cannot hold an extraordinary election to replace Mr. Goodenoughj whose resignation has been accepted, until the Goveriior-in-Cou/icil shall liuye dealt witli the request for ail additional polling place. A hint for Omeo. In accordance witii a custom prevailing in-several Victorian towns, a " working lice” has been hejd at 'Hamilton“for the purpose of! cartjng and stacking wood for the hospital for the winter months. Nq fewer than 25 waggons, lorrjes and drays were employed; aijtj about 200 j tons,were .carted'to! the hospital yard! , and stacked there. ' . Next , week; ; another 200 tons, is to he brought in, < when the hospital... will shn.vo a year's i supply of fuel'in stock; ’ Compluints as to ihn iiudeness of competitors running on the Omeo track lms prompted the committee'! of the Omeo hospital carnival, to be hold on Easter Monday and Tuesday, to onforce tho wearing of university costumes, that is to say, covering from the neck to the elbow nnd down to tho knob. Provision is made for such covering by the Omeo District Athletic Association and tho O.A.C., but for somo unac countable reason lms never been on forced, and the committee iiboyo re ferred to are. dotcmnhed to ttiicb'tlio initiative. Tho president of the Tambo shire, accompanied by.Mr.,'Sellars, inspected the portion of tho Bruthen to Omeo road within the territory of tho Tambo Bhiro on alonday. Mr. Sellars reconi-, mends some cutting down pfatlici" road ini the highest'el w-iitio^s'and filling'in at various places, also a culvert and filling near Fowler’s, and a straighten ing and easier, grade, of, the road leading hver! the*'.bridge'at Monkey Creek. It is probabio that by noxt meeting of the shire council plans of the, suggested; alterations to ,the ,road' will be prepared. —T. ami 0. Times. Jn tho Omeo police court yesterday Mr. Conant drew the attention of the justices to a remurk recently made in the full court'by Judge'Hood, which was as follows:—“ I think the magistrates do very wrong in over ruling generally technical objections. Thoy should allow them, but should tell; the;; attorney ! .wild' • rallies:«such objections they will give liim no costs, and • tlint bo ’may ' ha ve ' the matter adjourned to cure the irregularity. If they did that we should soon have an end to tlicso objections nnd applications for orders to. review, and cases would be fought out, on their merits.”, i * * * The Rev. J. C. Hughes, who Jins been * appointed to succeed' the"'Rev. Horton Williams.* in ...charge of the Wesleyan ’Church,in Omeo .district, ,is. •A son Of One of the leading'dtapers' in Ballarat,, his father being tho senior .partner of the.late firuyif Hughes and Opie. Mif.Vfl ugi'ep \ Started us a local preacher in the Ballarat East circuit, and shortly afterwards .'undeytookV the] 'duties of assistant, ’minister ilr tiro Kyne.ton circuit. After a successful -period of i 18'* months, ho passed tho entrance examination into tiro "ranks of 'the Wesleyan Ministry, mid became for three years a student at’ Queen's College, Molbourhb ijJni versity,1 where ’'he • matriculated " rind' passed , first year arts with honors in English literature. At tho same time lie successfully negotiated the ordinary theological course' of study.' During his-residence at tiro university ho was one of tho-proinoters .of.lho-Viutoriim Students,, Theological .Union,-and iwas elected its first secretary. For the prist twelve months lie has been in charge, of tiro Wesleyan! circuit in lliiJ Mnnsfield district,, where . hiSufyibors have been attended with much,success. The rev.'gentleman is expected td com mence his: preaching duties; in Omen on Easter Sunday. 