I A Gruesome Discovery. I From Halton Holegate, a village near Spilsby, Lincolnshire, England, comes a quaint ghost story, bringing with ity however, an air of reality in the form of authoritative details which accounts for the sensation it has caused in the neigh-: borhood. The spot whence the unearthly tappings and other unfamiliar sounds denoting the presence of an apparition are reported is a farmhouse near the village, standing back some distance from the high road. A Lincoln reporter, who visited it, found it occupied by a Mr. and Mrs. Wilson and their servant man. When questioned Mrs. Wilson was at first very reluctant to make any statement, but subsequently narrated a rather reinarkablo story. According to this, tho Wilsons came to the place on Lady Day last. The first night or so uiuy liearu auimgo midnight, as though a. mysterious, person was knocking at the doors and walls. Once it seemed 'as though someone was hurriedly moving about all the. furniture downstairs. Another; time ? tho ; noise' was like a heavy picture falling from the. wall ; but in the morning the inmates found everything as right as it was the night before. Nevertheless the servant man left, the premises, saying he ,iiare not stop, and the. Wilsons had to secure the services of another. ; About six weeks ago ' something ' was seen; One night Mrs. Wilson, beforo getting into bud, where her husband had already re tired, thought-she would go down stairs and see if tho cow was safe; She satisfied herself that the animal was all right,, and was at the foot of, the -stairs pre paring to go up. again when she saw an old man standing above her. at' the top and gazing directly at her. 'He was standing,' said Mrs. .Wilson, ' as though lie was very round shouldered. Howl got past I cannot say, but I darted past him into the bedroom and slammed the door. Even hero, however, I felt some one was behind me. I turned round sharply, and there again stood the same old man. He quickly vanished, but I am quite certain I saw him. I have also seen him several times since, though not quite so distinctly.' : After- recounting her strange exper iences Mrs. Wilson conducted the re nnptai' tn tlie sitting-room. where a srrue some discovery had heen made. In one corner the floor, it appeared, was very uneven, and here a day or two ago Mrs. Wilson took up the bricks with the in tention of relaying them. No sooner had she done this, however, than a most disagreeable, odour was emitted. Her suspicions were aroused. She called her husband, with whose assistance a minute examination of the place was commenced. With a stick three or four bones were soon turned over, together with a gold rir.g and several pieces of old black silk. AH these had evidently been buried in quicklime, the bones and silk being ob viously burnt therewith. The search was not prosecuted further, but a quan tity of sand was introduced, and the floor was quickly levelled again. Here, accordingly, are all the elements of a last century romance. Pending further developments it is interesting to note that Mrs. Wilson holds the belief that at some time or other foul play must have tnkeu-* place in the farmhouse she is living in. Dr. Gray, to whom the bones were submitted, stated that they were undoubtedly human, but he be lieved they would be, nearly 100 years old. 