A MIRACLE IN SYDNEY* CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE OF PEOPLE, AND VOUCHED FOB BY A PROMINENT MEMBER OP PARLIAMENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CON- SIDERED INCURABLE BY THE FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE WORLD, HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR. WIL- LIAMS' PINK PILLS. (From the "Australian Workman.") On Thursday afternoon, our representative made his way to the humble liome of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two- year-old baby, and liis face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale, and bearing still the marks of critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : " You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About Are years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt- street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe fej^nd." " What wftffi^tji&isyiiiptoms; , " Simply .incfescribable. The pains were something tetrif)^. They ..were just about {js m I could btear. They were\fot;all the world.lik^/s if a saw were'ci^qg- rajFvN^fe^Jii two in every part of me. ..rfain no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." 4 Did you make use of the order ?" " No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in coordinating voluntary movements. He told me that 1 might last for 4en years, and hat I might never get the use of my egs. (Just then the patient kicked is legs about with energy to Bhow that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a. straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed y the advertisement describing the cure effected ip the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial nyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was Incredible. I immediately left the bed, and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." " He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. " I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am In no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no loi'ger need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again, has caused quite a sensation out here.'" Such is this remarkable history,-and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, efc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labour party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed- ridden, and that there was little chance ot his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from tfco Dr. Williams' Mediciue Co., Queen's-place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid), on receipt of stamps or post order, 1 box for 2s 9d, or halfdozen for 14s 9d. 