(OJl'VKIGHI.) CiiAi'TEB XXIX.-"A HAND REACHED OOT OF THE DABKNBSS." And thnrsj)04w.oo¡Liue luy l¿¡i2L_body of Ziletto. ^-^-w-»«-^ 1'liu inooo shout! out, in ono of its fitful uiomeuts, and showed it to them. Mary Talbot fluug herself down by it and moaucd, Clegg stooped und felt at that part of the still anatomy where the heart should have beaten. There was no pulse. He turned the body over, face upwards. The eyes, glassy, stared stoutly up iuto thu uight, aud the moou went in again behind a bank of clouds. The Italian was dead. Clegg's hands were red with bis blood, though Hie victim of the vengeful dagger bled inwardly moro luau outwardly. " ïou had better get up, Miss Talbot," ho eaid. She only moaned iu a pitiful way. "The poar fellow is dead. i-et me carry him away." Mary stoic her arms about Ziletto'a neck, as if to protest against his removal. " lt is au awful business, but if there is a spark of life left, it were best to carry him to the village," said Clegg. At this, she stalled and looked at him. Not that he caught auy more than a glimpse of lier face, fur the night WUB still black:, except when the moou shone out at brief intervale, and at this moment it was almost hidden. " You said he was dead," she answered, in a voice unbroken by emotion or sob but iu a tone of despair. "I think be is," stid Clegg, once more stooping to listen for auy sign ot life. " Yes, he will trouble the world no more ; he is dead." " lt was a cruel thing to kill him," ehe said, almost iu a matter of fact way. " I did not know you hated him so." " I did not kill him. Cod forbid 1" said Clegg. " You said he was a villain ! Oh, my God, what hos happened ? Where am I ?" She rose to her feet, Thc moon came out. She turned a face to Clegg that was paler than the moon's-a white stricken face. " Calm yourself, Miss Talbot," said Clegg. " 1 will curry him to an inn." " He was my husband I" she exolairoed, " And yon have killed him ! Oh, great heaven, what had I dono to be so puuished ? S a sh ! I think I must be mad. Who are you !" "Calm yourself," said Clegg again. " S-s-sh ! Don't cry. Yes, weep ; perhaps it will be good for you." She had now burst into a passion of tears. Sob after sob shook her like a palsy, and with it she uttered wild ejaculations. Sho staggered as if she would fall. Ciegg caught her in his arms. He did not speak, but simply held her so that she should not fall, and her head dropped upon bis breast. It seemed as if she had become insensible. She had ceased to sob, and a glint of moonlight now showed him her face all wet with tears, but in a deathly repose. "My God ! what shall I do?" be said to himself. " Carry her borne ! Yes." She was no light burden evep for a strong and powerful man euch SB Clegg ; but what a loving burden, under other circumstances I Even now his heart thrilled as be lifted her into bis arms aud began to stride out into the footpath. The moon shone full upon the way as be climbed the steps that led to My Lady's Bower. The gate was fastened. He fanoied he saw a light between the chinks of 'the shutters. Perhaps Margaret Dobbs was up and wait- ing for her mistress. The thought came to mc instinctively. He leaned against the gate and kicked it with his boot. No answer. He kicked again, and listened. No reply. " I must go back and round by the road," he said to himself. " and through the fore- court. Dear heart, look up ; I begin to fear ehe is dead I" Then he kicked at the gate with a will, and cried out, " Open 1 Por God's sake, open I" Thereupon a voice answered, " Who be it !" " Your mistress ; «he bas fainted. For God's sake, open at once !" Margaret Dobbs, the faithful nurse and con- fidante, unlocked the door. "Oh, what be it?" she exclaimed. " What's the matter !" " Your mistress is the matter. Hare you water within !" He forced himself past the old woman, to- wards thc doorway of My Lady's Bower. " Yes, yes," said the woman. " Lord help us ! What is wrong ?" By this time he bad entered the room and laid his burden down upon a wide couch, among a little world of cushions; and Margaret Dobbs approached her with a breaker of water. " Lord in heaven, have mercy upon us ! What ia the matter?" she said, looking at Clegg, but all the time sprinkling the white face of her mistress with one band, while she began to undo her bodice with the other. " Don't ask me. Wet ber lips, wet her lips ; nay, give me the water." Clegg took the breaker from the old woman and dashed the contents " into Mary's face. She did not move. " Oh, my love, my sweet I" exclaimed Margaret Dobbs, pushing baok the hair from the whiteface. Clegg at the samemomentwith what seemed to Margaret a rough indelcate band, tore open the slackened bodice, break- ing its laces and exposing the fair bosom. Then scooping up another supply of water from the great basin filled by the trickling of the fountain at the doorway, he dipped his handkerchief into it and began to beat Mary's neck and face with thc wet bandage. If it had been necessary to her life that he should be cruel to her, be would not have been cruel. Under the smartof the wet whip, presently the colour came back to Mary's cheeks and with a deep sigh her lips parted. "Thank God I" Ciegg exolaimed; "she lives." Considering the misery, to which this night WUB the bitter prologue, it might have been better had Mary Talbot died ; but Heaven has its own mysterious and beneficent ways. How beautiful she was, the village belle, as she gradually came back to life, uer hair lu golden brown masses about ber faoe, her white bosom rivalling the models and the fancies of all the painters that ever strove to idealise the physical graces of God's master-piece. Clegg with a trembling hand, placed tho beaker of water to her lips. She drank, and opened her eyes. "Put her to bed," said Clogg to thc old woman ; " put her to bed. If she thinks she bad a bad dream, let her dream on ; but .put her to bcd ; encourage her to sleep, give her some draught you may know of, to help ber. If she will speak, go on telling her, that abe only dreauiB. Good night I God help us 1" Mrs Dobbs had not noticed the blood upon Clegg's hand. It was dry, and might well have been the shadow of the lamp upon them. He turned to take a farewell look at Mary Talbot, as she seemed about to speak, and left the place, retracing his steps through the the gate, and oddly enough, noting the perfume of white syringa that clustered among thc foliage by the arbour ; it waa deadly reminded him of the scent in his father's room, where he lay dead when Reuben was a mere lad. The moon went in onoe more, and left him in comparative darkness. He listened. Il might be that some one was stirring Not s soul wasabroad. Not a light could be seen lc the distant village. Down thc steps from thi Bower, and into the Btony foot-path, and inte the little sub-glen ef great defile of Stonj Middleton, where he and his mother hac watched that strange procession, and on« more he was standing by the dead body ol Giovanni Ziletto. Then he began to think ; and presently, in a strong reflective mood, he sat down by the roadway a short distance from the fatal spot. She had said this mau was her husband. He only remembered this among others things now, as if it was a datant memory af some long-distant time. Her husband ! What did she mean ? Did she mean her husband in tho sight of God ! Or had they been secretly married ? And who was it that had dealt thc latal blow? Mle said it was be, ReubenClegg. At this he rose to his feet, with exclamation. No, she could not have meant that ? She did not know what she said. Nevertheless, who was thc man? It must have been a mau. Tin; blows were struck with power. Of course it waa no woman's hand. Ae for ghost«, well, there were uas'ffcir^Liaf s aa ghosts, and spirits did not strike strong OTWswïtlTtt knife, sud kill a man 1 No supernatural agency would have invoked so physically Ïiowcrful an ally. Clegg had talked to Mrs. >obbs of dreaming ; hud begged lier to encourage Mary Talbot in the belief that she had been dreaming. And now it seemed to him as if he in ¡ghi be still lying abed at home and seeing this tragedy in his sleep and thc image of Mary with lier white bosom and ber wondering eyes, fresh-opened like the opaline light of the morniog sky. As his thoughts ran on in this direction, thc day began io dawn. Tigere was a faint line of dim light amoug thc trees, high up on thc rocky ridge abovoliim. He watched it with a woudenug gaze. Then lhere was a twitter of hirds. At first be thought the light was the moon ; but it was the first token that thc sun was on ils way up the Eastern sky. He eat and watched it. Never once did his eyes seek the body that was lying close by. It was as if some pitiful trick of memory had interposed to givo him rest for a spaoe, that his energies might be braced for the trials lie had to undergo. Preseutly, his head drooped against the white rock, and he slept. It was only for a few minutos that ho had become unconscious. He awoke with a start. The light in the trees above was broadening. A black-bird began to sing. It was a cheer- ful, soul-stirring note, willi something of thc gUBli and.gurgle of the nightingale, but with nono of its sadness. There must have been .nightingales in that remote valley at some time, for the blackbird to have learnt thc trick of ita note. All at once it teemed as if a bird's song had brought Clegg back to the reality of the sitnation. No, great God 1" 'he said to himself, start- ing to his feet, " it is no 'dream ; it is awful reality !" There was the body, lying stiffly in the footpath. Up.above, the morning was break- ing. A thrush began ito answer the challenge of the blackbird. Clegg stooped to pick up the dead Italian. The body was stiffening, but thc arms were still limp. Clegg had heard of the difficulties of carrying a dead body. Men wbo had fought in the wan loved to talk nf the grim side of battles. First, he lifted the body in his arma. It was impossible to carry it in that position. Hary Talbot had been a much lighter load. She was limp, and his.love for her had made the burden a feather-weight. But this Italian, whom he had hated, was no mean weight : so he liid tho body down again, and tried other ways of carrying it. At last his.grim efforts were successful. He hauled, the body over his shoulders, and set out for the village. It was daylight when he entered the long street; and strange to say, Dakin, tho con- stable, met him. Dakin bad a tooth for mushrooms. He had risen early to gather that dainty fungus, which his wife cooked to perfection. " Holy Mother t as them pertinacious Papists have it, what's this 1" be exclaimed. " Reuben Clegg I And the Italian. And one of them dead, by all the saints I Therein bo no mushrooms for breakfast this morning, Mrs. Dakin 1 The Lord save aa ! Clegg e killed nim I" He stood in thc middle af the road, as if to Intercept the man with the body over bis shoulders. Clegg saw him. " Out of the way," said Clegg, gasping with the pressure of his load. " Out o' the way," said the Constable. " I think not." "Then lend me a band," said Clegg. "for I'm about done 1" And he laid the body on .a bank by the road, olose to the Ever-wster, with ita Sauntering decorations. " Who's done this ?" said the Constable. "Go you to the Crown and Anchor and get them up, if they are not up already," said Clegg, "and let them prepare his room to re- ceive him." " Na, my lad, I'll not loose sight o' yo1, or tho mortal body o' the stranger. Giovanni Ziletto." He rolled the Christian name and the surname of the Italian upon bis Northern tongue, as if he WSB already giving evidence of the crime and his discovery thereof before the Chief Magistrate of the district. " Then lay bold on him, and help me to the inn," Slid Clegg. "I'll do now't o' tho sort," «aid tho Constable ; " but it will bc my duty to lay hold on yo' for an account o' the manner iu which this Giovanni Ziletto came by his dtath." " By-you'll never lay hold on another if you lay a hand on me," said Reuben. " And now lay hold on the body ; d'ye hear, lay hold." Thus menaced, thc Constable, setting down thc basket that he had intended to fill with mushrooms, humbly laid hold of the. dead man's legs, Reuben lifting his head and shoulden, ; and so they carried their awful load to the Crown and Anchor. Radford was juBt opening tbs door. " Why, in the devil's name, what's this !" he exclaimed. " Lead the way to the man's room," said Clegg. Radford did ao, at the same time calling, " Missus 1 Here! Wakken, everybody! Wakken ! There's murder been done ; murder !" Radford waB quite beside himself at sight of the dead body of Ziletto, and the houso was soon alive with servants and guests ; for, like every other place in the village, the inn was tilled with visitors, who slept anywhere, and most of whom had gone to ned late, carrying thither enough liquor to give them dreaniB almost as gruesome aa the reality of Clcgg's experiences. When the body had been comfortably laid upon the bcd, and Mrs. Radford bad begun to diBcuss thc question of laying it out, the Constable demanded that it should not be J disturbed, until tho Coroner and his jury had seen it ; but in the meantime he called upon Reuben . Clegg to give himself up to his custody. They wero in the great house-place j of tho inn when the Constable addressed Reuben, in presence of tbc company there assembled ; all of them greatly excited, some in a dazed state of head-ache, some rubbing their eyes, thc women all alert and full of in- quiry. " I am going home," said Rueben. " I will meet you, Mr. Constable, before tho Coroner, or where you will, within the hour, if it so please yon ; but until then I am for home. My mother will bs alarmed at my long absence." " Nay, my lad, yo're none going home, I make yo' my prisoner. I shanna' wait for the Coroner, by the token that he's away on a jonrney ; I shall take theo before Sir George Talbot, soon as he's out o' bed, and ohargo thee !" " Charge me I" said Clegg. " With what t" "The murder o'Giovanni Ziletto. Thou wert the last man, I reokon, seen in hie oompany, and I met thee carrying his body." " And does that imply that I murderep him ?" "It implies that thou'st gotten to accoun) foe his death." " Aye, ayo !" said several voices. "I will account for it, as far asl Jen»w, to th« Magistrate," said Reuben; "hutas he's still abed, I'll go home, until 'tis fitting ho be -wakened to receive me. " " Nay, thou'lt none go home, " said tho Con- stable, only too ready, like a weak creature, to puy offihta little gcudgesagaiwtCHegg^llM bold to maka arrest of bim while mon atood by upon whom "he could ¡call for assistance if meed be. " I did not kill the mau ; X was hy when he fell ; and.ull this and the rest I will relate to Sir George talbot in due time But now I am going home." " Reuben Oleig I arrest you in the name of thc Law !" said the Constable, advancing upon him. " You lie 1" said Clegg. " You do nowt of the sort ;" and he swept thc Constable aside, so that Dakin staggered into the-arms of Radford, while Reuben Clejg strode out into thc villago street.'without further check or hindrance. " Stop him I I eliurgc you every one, «top him 1" gasped thc Co-islablc. Now, although Ki-nlicn was not what might be called popular in the village, by reason of his masterful ways und Lis pirater knowledge of things than" the best of them in the Hundred, thc people respecreTTIrtnïpttid/àt this moment they admired thc courage of the man, his wilfulness, his power. Not a soul moved to stay him. Several, indeed, laughed at the Constable. The village carpentar said, at the- top of ibis voice, " Well done Master Clegg ; l'n stand by yo' if yo' want auy man's help." " Stop him, I say, iu thc caine of tho Law ; he is my prisoner !" exclaimed thc Gonstable, gathcriug himsolf together aud making for thc door. " Nay, it ian»' our business," said Radford ; "and, besides, we know him. He'll none run away ; he'll keep his word ; he'll -none bc missing wlieu yo' want him." " Oh, that's how yo' take it !" said the Con- stable, frcoing himself from the friendly arms that had broken his fall. " We'll seo about it. As for yo', John Radford, yo'r licence shall he revoked ; we'll Bec about it !" " See aboutit and be hanged !" said Rad- ford, roused : by the pompous attitude of the Constable. "Oh, I may be<hanged, may I?" said Dakin purple with rage, as he turned to leave the house. " That's what I said, aud I don't go agen my word. Revoke my licence, yo' meddlin' old fool? My father and his father's before bim, have held the Crown and Anchor before your mushroom orew ever entered the Higu Peak Hundred. Talk to me of my licence I'll break my «taff about your wooden skull, yo' penny jack-a-dandy." " What.¡sit, John ?" exclaimed a feminine voice, as Mrs. Radford appeared on the scene, push her way through snob of the servants and guests as were not peeping in at the chamber of death above. " What is it ? It's Dakin, the cowardly curmudgeon ; talks to me as if I were nowt in Eyam, as if I hadna' served the King ; as if we lived by bis leave 'lowance. By my soul, I.pound in's carcase to a jelly if he were twenty times constable an he talks to me like that ajreu I'1 " Here, father, have a mug of alo," said Jenny Radford, coming to tho rescue of her mother. "Don't give such folks a thought." Radford tool: the mug, empted it gave a great sigh, and, looking round, said "Jenny, my lass draw for our friends." Jenny disappeared. " And now, Jade and lasses, come, bustle 1 Donnât stand gaping ; get to work. It mum be almost breakfast time." Then eeeiug ' Jenny, with a mug of alo and a cluster of born cups, ho said, "'.fm hot i' the temper, bein' roused ; but it's soon over. Try the Crown and Anchor's tap, my friends; and you'll find Elenty to do to tell- everybody what's happened y time breakfast's ready." Jenny handed round the ale. Radford went to the door. "By gum ! Vtllanv's all astir. They'n golton eummat to talk about now, besides Well-dressing." CHAPTER XXX-MOTHER AND SOW. The sun and thc quaint old lamp were illuminating Clegg's cottage as he climbed the path that led to the garden-gate. His mother had ,pot the light iu the window for a beacon. Not that she had ever done so before. It struck Beubenhowever in this way. He remembered, that hiB mother Jud not wished him to go out again after he bad taken her home. She liad a restless foreboding of ill, she said. Superstitious himself about some things, andindeed, with his divining-rod the embodiment of a certain gift that- appeared to many more than human, Reuben was sceptical of other people's omens. He put down his mother's wish to over-solicitude for him, arising out of her undue affection. "You're too fond, mother," Ire had answered bei. "I will be back by thc time you've said yourprayera." But tbo loving mother had «aid ber usual prayer, and many another before Reuben returned. When «he heard his footsteps npon the limestone (flags that paved thc footway along the garden, elie knew that " something ' had happened, whatever the something might be that she had {eared. A woman's instinct is delicate as it is strong ; it hos mental feelers that reach far ; some one had likened to the ateunae of the butterfly ; but the love of a mother is-gifted with a second eight ; it it bas eyes that Hook into the future. " What, has happened, Reuben ?" she asked, meeting him at the doorway. Her face was grey as her hair. She looked up at him with keen eyes. He took iher in his great arms, and pressed lier convulsively to his heart. Then he Jed her to his own chair, and took her upon hie knee. He spoke no word ; nor, for the time, did she ask another question. She knew that he bad Buffered some -serioUB burt in his heart ; for his body, she felt, lacked none of its strength. What she had feared when she asked him not to go out again BIIO knew not ; now she felt a little flutter of gladness that he was at home, whole and strong -, and yet she knew he was suffering. " Mother," he said, presently, placing ber in her ohair, and himself standing by the door and looklug ont at the risen sun. " I wish I had listened to thee and stayed at home." Then he turned, and saw the dull blinking of thc lamp in "the sunshine ; and he strode to the old sideboard and put out the light. "Did'st thoa put it i' thc window for me?" " Aye," she said. " Seemed to me it might remind thee to come. " " I wish I'd seen it," he said. When he talked to his mothor it was in tho looal vernacular, the peculiarities of whioh it is not necessary to do mere than suggest in these pages. " What's happ'd. Reuben ?" "Nay, something awful, mother. It's a cruel thing to drive th' sleep from thy gradely eyes wi' such a tale aB I've gotten to tell. Sit thee down, mother, and howd my hand ; and I'll tell thee."' He sat down by her side, and laid her hand in bis. "Iwas thinkin' about what had gone on during th' day, about thc Italians, and th' Well-dressings that had taken place before they come to Byam and Mary Talbot oome into my mind, and yonder Ziletto, thefiddlin' and singh' chap, when, Bomobow, late in the night I found myself near by the meadow tliat leads to Talbot's gardens and My Lady's Bower ; and lo and behold, wbo should come forth but the Italian sud Talbot's daughter, Marv.* ' " Lord ! Lord I" said Mrs. Clegg. " It was a wavering kind of moon, fitful like, but it shoue out upon them ; and, by heaven, you might have smitten me dazed with my thinnest willow-sprig 1" "Alas I alas !" said Mrs. Clegg. " I challenged them. MÍBS Talbot rebuked me, with soorn. The Italian cur asked who had commissioned me to play the spy. Then, it WSB us if we both made for each other ; not before other wordB passed, which I needna' repeat. We came to Wows, or would have, done, but in the thick of it a hand reached out of the dankness and stabbed bim to death !" "A hated reaohed ont of the darkness," said Mrs.' Clegg, " and stabbed him to death 1" " Yes ; that is the long and short of it. I've not told you all that was said ; but that's what it oome to. He drew his knife on me ; betwëfl^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H Clang. "I* was^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H was day,^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H Ob, my SOD l^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^l take^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H There's no theo "i^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H when thou saidst ' Reu^^^^^^^^^^^^^H "Donnai fear that WI not^s^^^^^^^^^H Reuben." ^t^^^^^^^^H "1 mun thee all 'Mary TalG^^^^^H a I carried lier to' Ih'^^^^^^^^^H Boiver old Mother Dobbs was thès^^^^^^^^^H ing for Aud I forgot to tell tb^r^s^^^^^^^H Talbot said the dead man was lior/tfuubaos^^^^^^H "Her husband !" said Mrs, Cïégg. "Ber^^^^^H husband ! And what dosi thou think o' ^l^^^l , r ^s^l "Kay, mother, -Í Wonnat know what to think. Wheo fd seen her safe' home I ^ carried th' body to th' Crown u^ud Anchor 1" # " Nay, did'st thou ? Well it waa lh' right thing, I make no doubt ; it's more thao I could ha' done if I'd been strong enough. He was a cursed thiug in thy path, yonder Itulian ; a snake, a serpent, un unholy life. May be 'tis thc Lord hus st: nc:¡ him down !" The old womau drew hei»elf np as «he spuke, and hei eyes fiUwheil ungi itv. Hhe had no expiOAeiqu i f sorrow for the innr^-u'd man. She huted him. He had coin- between Reuben uml hits love; bet-toei. int und her dearest uinhition; it munt have L-eu God who lemovcd him. "1 dountit think it was u Divine- Inmd that interposed in nor contest," «din Beuban; " nor does old Dakin, the Constable." "What dots that duudcrbcad think*" asked Mrs. Clegg, "I donnât know what he thinks; I only - know what he says." " And what does he say. Reuben V Wbat does he say !" " That I am his prisoner, mother. Nay, I'd have the face the thing straight ; for when I think of it, I've known men get into trouble with far less cause of suspicion against them." " What dost thou mean, Reuben ? Nay, tell me lad ; keep nothing buck, even if thou killed him thysen 1" " Mother, what art thou saying? Seems to me you've unknowingly struck mein the very spot where the Constable wounded me. " "Wounded thee !" "Not bodily, but menially-spiritually. Nay, but you have alarmed mc mother !" " Reuben, my love, my own, donnât my that ! W bat is it I have" «aid ?" " Thou said'st, 1 even if I had killed bim myself. ' " " I only meant that 1 could besr the very worst, and that 'twas best to tell me all and have no fear." "The Constable said I was last in *he company of th' dead man and must account for his death ; as good as hinted that I should be charged with his murder ; and even laid his hands upon me, and said I was his prisoner." "And thou?" "Isaid he lied, and caine home to thee, mother. " " And thou did'st right, Reuben. Come and wash thysen, and go to bed, lad, rest. Eyam will take thy word; the whole High Peak Hundred trill j and thou art Sir George Talbot's partner." " I towd them I should be found when I waa wanted ; and it's my intention, soon as Sir George is up, to go aud let him know -all that passed-though it troubles me sore to known wbat I shall say about his daughter." "fîay, Reuben ? Why, «he truth ; the whole truth, Mid nowt else. And now'come, lad, to thy room, and wash thee and pot ona change-when thou gets up, after a rest." She had noted the blood upon his hands and the stains upon his jerkin. When he had washed, she poured the water away ; and when he was asleep, she tried to take the stains out of his jerkin. Failing tbis «he buried it in the garden, and laid anotber ready to bis hand when he should wake. (To be continued.) 