The Light That Cast no Shadow. Cubious stories are told about the powers possessed bjrCcertain natives of India, who live up among'the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces,--which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the "adepts," as these nar Hindus are called, for the purpose of ing -out ibe secret of their remarkable performances. Tbey treated him rather ecurvily, but interested liim all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as thebottom of a well. *' I can't see to read, here," said the visitor. ". Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but be noticed that it had one strange quality-it ccist not the. slightest shadow. This-a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and and high character, and you who now read it have^oo reason for doubt except that all the lights you, have seen have cast shadows. Belief or nnbefief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson Buffed at the account of the Lisbon earth quake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who bas been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience? Take an example: *' In thespring of 1888," writes our cor* respondent, " I fell into a low, weak and languid state. I felt low-spirited and ont of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appfetitepoor, and after eatiog I bad pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently apatup a sourfluid,also bitter bile. Later on £ suffered from nervousness and great depres sion of spirits. I kept up with my work, but' had always a sense of discomfort. OB and on I continued in this way for two years,.nothing that I took relieving me. At last ! heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and prewired a supply, After I had taken only a few doses I found relief; my food digested and gradnally all nervousness left me. Al though I had ao reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it nsed, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's1 Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of Buffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Grif fiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June Sth, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter, and the story about the-tight^hat cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, butitcaonot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are bnt symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease-indigestion or dyspepsia; it curesthat, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying-shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its snccesa by eager witnesses. 