A hIGHT ATTACK. THE ENEMY GOT IN. A SLEEPING CAMP WI2IHOUT ADEQUATE OUTPOSTSr iALLS AN EASY PREY. The "Dally Telegraph" special cotres pondent at the recent Aldershot mama uvet's the British Army, tells In the following picturesque fashion the story of a successful night attacK: As I anticpated, after yesterdvy morning's battle, there was i fierce night attack upon one of the camps. and to day there has bee.n a running fight and bfg engagement between the two oppos ing columns. The Army Mancouvres are planned to afford officers and men experience in the tactics and practices of war. Hence the first duty in these manoeuvres is to keep the action merrily going night and day if' possible. Who wins or who loses is a matter rather of secondary importance, compared with the value of the instruction imparted by the tasks set either side. One hour it is the invader who achieves that ques tionable standard of excellence called "success;" the next the tables are turn ed, and England, represented in the character of the Northern forces led by Major-General Burroughs. seizes a glo rious victory. Many of the participants fail even to deserve, let alone command, su'ccess. and General Barnai?r or his subordinates who were responsible, gave away last evening in a fell hour all their leader had done by days and nights of planning and fighting. He had pro tected his camp by placing two batta lions on outpost duties, and' drawing such a screen round his quarters that no European army could have broken through without alarming all his troops. His outposts in Brimstone Wood pro tecting his north- west front were with drawn after dark yesterday, and one battalion was left to guard in a very in different fashion the approaches to this camp. There were two manifest blun ders. for neither of which probably the Southern General was responsible. First, part of the camlp was pitched in an in secure hollow. and. next, the optposts were not adequately covered by outlying scouts. No wonder, then, that last night, thanks to bold energetic tactics, the invaders were themselves invaded and routed, horse, foot and artillery. "This must be avenged," said a dis tinguished officer of the Royal Dublin Fusiliers, near eleven o'clock last night. when he was forced to parade his men in his shirt tails on finding the Northern troops in his camp, and almost in his quarters. When the major part of the opposing forces were presumed to be a-bed in sweet slumber. Major-General Bengough, with half his army, suddenly burst with a roar down Into the enemy's encampment. Never was there a more dramatic, better led. and better deliver ed night attack. It was perfect in its inception, and well-nigh faultless in its execution. And what more can be told in the way of praise is equally merited. I went in with the leading assaulting company and battalion as I did at Tel el-Kebir, and there was much in the whole operations to recall that glorious and decisive action. Still. if I may say so, we have learned since then, and the blow was better delivered, and, in a sense. the result was as great. There are two things, in one of which British troops excel, though in the other they are constitutionally defective. No troops in the wide world possess to such a de gree the sustained, calm, balanced mind that in peril and under strange condi tions as well enables them to carry through that most trying of duties, a night attack. And I regret that no army takes fewer precautions than our own against possible surprises, or re tains such rooted Indifference to risks to be run from their enemy's plans and prowess. After gunfire, at nine p.m., in the Nor thern Camp, situate at Keepers II11. Conford. last night word was passed round in "whispers," or rather chiefly by signs, for three battalions to " fall in" promptly, without fuss or noise. The men, in full marching order, took their places in the ranks. The moon had not risen, and such of the sky as could be seen through the environment of gloomy pines showed banks of flying black clouds, threatening rain that came later in a prolonged deluge, attended by thun Sder and lightning. On outpost duty for 1 No. 1 Field Column were the Berks Re gliment. They wer thickly spread to the east, securing Brimstone Wood up almost to the west side, or Longmoor Down, whereon, to the south of Wool mer Pond. was Major-General Barnard. the invader's camp. The assaulting column consisted of the 1st South Stat fordslt. Resi.""'. - 5i ;w i a teesoent. and the 3rd King's .oyal SRifles. No happier selection could have been made than that the Staffords should lead. for they have been long and care fully tutored in the mode of making a night attacks. Each soldier wore round I his headdress the white band that dis tinguished the Northern Force. Noise lessly as ghosts the troops moved in column out of camp, over the Diand stream, which is a tributary of the Oak hanger and River Wey, into Brimstone enclosure. Before fifem lay a march of three miles, part of which was over a I woodland track and two-thirds over s rough untrodden ground, full of traps s in the guise of ditches, holes, heath and r fern. Halting within the wood the \- troops closed up into position, Major I General Bengough, in person, with his Sstaff, marching on foot with the assault hig column, taking thie direct command. Luckily, as I have said, the enemy had withdrawn their chief outposts, and, Sequally fortunate, the Northern leader Shad in a member of his staff an officer who had carefully scouted and explored the ground. SAfter a quarter of an hour's smart marching, during which not a word was Suttered, even the commands having been conveyed by signs, the column struck off the road to the left through tile piney woods. Not a pIath helped to mnark the route, and from general to private many a stumble and fall was made without ejaculation or cry of any kind. We picked ourselves out of the pitfalls and made our way onward communing Inwardly to ourselves, no doubt. Brimstone Enclosure, at one angle, has a narrow belt or tongue of timber that abuts upon Longmoor Down. within 400 yards of the Southern enemy's lower camp. Not a post or sentry of the foe was met with till the column arrived at the limit of the wood. By means of several brief halts, the whole column was kept in compact order. Delaying, momentarily, when within thirty yards of the edge of thd wood, the assaulting column then rush ed forward at the double. An outpost at the barrier challenged, almost shrieking, "Halt! Wtnho goes there?" IHe fired his rifle, and when one or two of the outposts did the same they were surrounded' on all sides by Major-Gene ral Bengough's StaffTordtshire Regiment. The umpires silenced these prisoners, and without pause the battalion held on scrambled on anyhow over the fence. towards thie enemy's camp. We had and Jumrled the big ditch, deploying partly during the operations. For half an hour we had seen the lights in Major General Barnard's tents as we stole al ntost between his camps. Out upon Longmoor Down the tents were there in a hollow, 70ift below the crest When offleers and men realised how near they had got, nought could restrain their ar dor. With a roar of cheering, as the thunder of the ocean's surge, which was heard back at Conford, they ran down hill. It was a black avalanche capped with snowv that swept down. Not a soul, save a few sentinels, stirred about the tents. These challenged and fired, and a few men came out in a sleeps,. dazed way, to meet us and fire thceir riles. But the ehooting was feeble and trifling, compared with the din and tramp of the assaulting column. When within thirty yards of the tents, Bar nard's sergeants could be teard hoarsely btwlintg tor Companty A, and to on, to "fall In." It was too late. Tit alin plres and offlcers succeeded in halting the column; for the men's blood was up, and they would in many Instances, I fancy, have enjoyed a rough;and tumble with their antagonists. "Cease firing!" was sounded, and his Royal Highness the Duke of Connaught, with the headquarters' staff, who came up. complimented Major-General liengough on certainly the most brilliant enterprise of the campaign. It was 10.35 p.nl. when the affair was "over. Then, after gaily whistling and singing, the assaulting column, marchlng-by the main roads, retired to their own camp, which they reached before midnight. 