A ( IGEIIMA-N.' WEAV-ING' cs VII LLAG. - ... An Intelligout correspoudea t h written an account of his visit to a little-known district of Germany, from which we take the following i - hi About 200 miles from the German capital, it; the northern part of the-province of Silesia, there is a line of low hills called the llyetack Mountains. Brutteredl among thseen ills, aome. o times in villages and anaiu in detached and isolated log aihine, are to be found about 2,000 a people, who- re called the IIuager-Mcnsaehsn- hi human brings who never have enough to est. Their buaintoe is hand-loom weaving, and it has been carried on so long on starvation wages that to tiheir boies have shrunk andl dwindled until the" it anthr polonglt may almnottelaseiy them as as separato opecies of the human family.' Moat ofi these weav.rs live ino the little county of Glt, m but a 'few hours' ride from liestau, and Gold bach is the- Schaudleck or shame spot of .(Germany. It -was a cohl, rainy April mortilg" that Ityborg and I climberd from lIciterz to thebroad h platena on.which tihe miserable littln Ianllt is!; situated. In about 30 minutes of stiff climblial we reoched the top, and Goldbach lay teforo us. Its low cabins wele strung alolng oth aides of, the roandway for nearly half a oilt, and even; from -whore we stood we could' hear thej monootonous click-clack of thelong lineof looms., Some little chlldren tani into the cabins tot make' known our arrival. The click-claeok stopped for a moment, and ghost-like faces j peered out of- the windlows, Sich withered ) human beings I bad never seen before. Their eyes were eatlken asa dull, and the skin on their facs rwhen n.t sickly white was of a dingy yellow hue. They looked out upon use bewildered, and then fell back to their looms, and the click-clack -prgan afresh. We .,wanu dered on" to?the' enit"'a the hamlet and then back to thei'inn, and the only living creatures, we saw were the children and the faces in the: window. There was not a horse or dog any., where in sight, and the impression the little village gave uI was that of n isoulated settle meat, huat off from human symlathy and even deserted by the denrestio animals, Herr sammek, the mayor, was a wrinkled little mane, hardly up to my shoulder, and there was a worried look in his face which I had nt' noticed among the other villagers. It comes I fancy, from tile wearying efforts to collect village taxes. 'Ie was anxious that we should have his afllcial statement of the case. Gold. eacoh, he said, was the pooreestplaco insthe entire district. There are nearly a -hundred weoavers in the village, and they just barely exist. In the Bohemian-speaking villages far, ther to the west the weavers have always had the alternative of working in the woods or at Stheir looms as they chose,.and theyare conse. Squently better situated. In Goldhach, however,! this choice has never existed, and the villagers! Sfthat they are eapable of is a littla woe ill their gardens and weaving, and tile com petition with machines' i so great that their I cloth must be sold at the very lowest prices. I .The Government in 1852.bought the land in Goldbach and resold it to the weavers on the instalment plan, each settler promising to pay r five marks a year on his. lot till the debt was 'cancelled.' Before-that time the village blul bees in the hands of large land proprietors, and; it was purchased from them in the hope that; personal ownership of house and garden wouldI give the weaver a now impetus to work. Had, there been enough work for them this hope, no doubt, would haveboon realised, but hand-loom weaving is so little in demand to-day that the lots are still unlpaid for. Theaverage annual income of a family of eight persons is not more than 400 marks, or leos than £20.' This is sup posed to cover all. expenses, and it is not hard to undersland why there are so many mortgages. The maln kinds of weaving ,done in Goidhach are shlrtings, hnndkerchiefs, eheeto, and ticking. A middleman, living. in heiners, furnishes the raw stulls, and then buys tile cloth at a valus 'tion agreed upon beforehand: The Governa. sent has also had some work done here, but as it usually wants towels for the army, and the weaver' are too weak to do such heavy weaving,; the middleman is the main employer. If there' la a flaw in the cloth returned to him it is not paid for, and a case is known where a woman worked two weeks on some sheetings and, all r psymrnt fur the cloths delivered was refused because of some little mistake. The bill of fare in the village vaties a.little in the differentc cabins, but hi thue main it consists of rye coffee, rye breadl, and meal. A queer niiature of loaugh and meal is.the favourite 'udish for Sundays. 'otatoes are u aten when i cheap enough. Most of the weavers have little gurdoous where they raise all the vegetables' r tbhy can, but their lots are so small that they have no soom for large crops. Their potatoes s give out very early in the winter. Meat in sol=' , dom seell, Herr Sammeek has it once a week, h ut he earns an extra 150 marks a year for his publoe services, and call afford it. The others "1lidklil dretff hlane s t nEfled o e-i h lri -Tr%-e. quently frst coosins, hut malformed children are urprisinugly rare. Nearly cvery household has at least four boys and girls, and np to ten years of age they remain in good health. I -aked Ilerr Pahl, as he bad remarked upon the . fact, bow he accounted for it. lie ashook his head doubtfully, and at frlnt dild not seem to t. have any eplanation to.give, - but hb flolily 1 said, " Na ! the air helps a little !" When thea , children begin to weave, however, the life moon I; tells aon them, and if they keep It up they grow , thin and weak. \- As soon Ms a child can turn the crank of the spooling machine ha is enlisted into the ser vice, and has almost as many hours of toil as his parents. At fire o'clock, sumemer andj winter, he must he up and doing, and after the few hours al school aid play, he worse on into, the night with his elders, I asked Herr Sam imek II he did not think the older people would; be stronges if they worked out of doors a liltle-! Son forms for example, "We have tried it," he replied, "hut we are too thin blooded. , Even in summer, it thu wind hblns hard, wo shiver as you,dno l winter, and no farlner will take us." " Bullt could you not-go into faearies P" A look, of despair came into his fare. " It is the same tlhing there," he answered. "If we ask a llmanufacture r for work, he says we eau't do enughoB Y'o aoe we sleek bn treogtlh to run th big nmrchinesa, asild i uIcIOrica thOey wansl I Inoliuitl ticin eork holt, No; all that weo: A THEN WIllCIIf BTINGB. A traveller Iron, Qoeonuslaild describes in the SoSanly C'oiipanolo "'a pourliar Ires whIlll hu lond tibere, welioh, tloulgeh hetiful to tlfe r?e, is vcly eilcnlreo lu Ithe seseo of sallell iind l sivlllvc y tdamiermlls ta luhr, Ihere l is an aceoaitl if 11i tlfilall i-"* lonoi'timoren .while -Islntlotlu I ut lts tii lim erlhil.hIv eeCtirelyefer. golittl the sthigingI tren till I was warned of ilis inrlint y y Its malnll, slu hve oftetn found Iysief o n a ltthn forest of Iiaem, I 'wvs pnly olnre stlug, slll lthel very lightlyt . Its itects are rcrlolas. 'Ilie stlllg leerts, no arltk, utIl the ,aiI lai isilh'iiiig, vIolt for ooilths olterwnards tihe part, when tIol'mhed, Is lsnlder iL rlany ow'athr', olr lvhe it gets wet iI aeshiug. I Ilae stan a c IIsIII wla, traits ordinary paiL lightly rll onl tli rrrttlllll il agony slter luing etltg, mlti hIvi Ihiitt In elmh ttrlo ' ctm lletely mail ualirr pItllIlcn itlo ?11 lrs o(f Ille treeos that hie rllsnlll opitn-'iinltth-l tt lI.V ly.nna whisn fpi prLsnucthd lidn, uni itt In iohI, shot. titgl, whno stllnt, wilt rtsb absilat, itiuIhng piliousily, aiol htiing h.li'Pes frr,, thti IaIIet'ed Il lt." illl IIItN'T. " John ,Jamre, whlat d,, yoi Iean ty gattlig into oirb a conlhtiuunii i lly ' iMI(mith' spirit flask aplit 'Phillip' silLer' skoll.' " timiti spish frash EIflsh*slusbra.ho?.' Walio* ~·~· ~ ~ n'Xois ddn'hI. can do I -tosTb? d?', "I answer to so inquiry; why there is so little work, he said that the, feotories controlled the market, and it was oonly by working cheaper. than factury, hands that homo weavers were able to inod any work'at all.; There is also a prejudice, he said, egainst hand loom cloth. . Early in the afternoon we started out on our round of the cabins. "'The irert one belonged tq a woman nearly 60 years of age, who had bere a wraver, ever since her nighth year. I had heard that she took part in the revolution: " Oh, that was a terrlble tme,'t she said, bold. leg her finger egainofUher anoe in a chasrcteris tto German way.:'" W haild oly grass to eat then. I riememberi mfmother asending me out' many'y a tlight"ti'iut ygres *'aid dindelions for the evening soi..; I wasn'ths't he revolution myself, butimy lover was. Ie tnever came back--" Anil'th? poor old soul began feeling around in the lhl adisnoftboloolm. "Ohi,yes I it's muda. better now,' siho conilnued, " We have bread every day, and you can't starve ou'thet; can you ?" 'Wo called next on lerr P'abl, as he had aked its to kne his plt'inarr, We found tim waiting for us on his doorstep, nad as we entered the ralbin he pintked ,up.a norer.yed ekelnton-lo.king - blay, saying, "Utenitnme, this is my eleventh." IWe saw bot six children, and asked where the rest were. "In the gaets yard" bhe returned, ind I Inncied that I onw a' look of thankfulness on his face.. "I don't !want charity'," he rexlainid, "but I do think' they onmght give me work. If I lhnd enough to ido I could feed my childrrn on br nl at h sat, hiut now I can't earn over three marks n' week. That's the reason the other childrlendied; They ,weren't siik-u-o one gets strk' here-they just got thinner and thinner and. withered away." 'At all of the other cabins we-heard practically 'the same stury. rThe looms were nlayns click-' ing, and the hiuldlieu' weld either' spoitlingor peeling potatoes. MILLIONAIRES OF THE RAN D. . The story of the rise of the gold-mining in. Inustry of the T'rnnvaal,'when one day It comes :to be written by somebody who bas lived and imoved ino the inner' sug of Johannesburg; :,cpitalism, should indeed' rad 'like a strange' iomauce. Unfortunately the law of libel,whioth prevents one. from always telling with comfort the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, for ibide me (writes a representative) to 'dwell on the history of the sise to vast wcalth of soesral ofltho most snteresting men in the Transvaal of to-day ; but on the, other hand there are millionaires of character and position wboln foatunes haveobeen'won 'by merit and 'sheer ability. Quite Appllingy Wealthy. The two richtest men in the Rand to-day.art probably Melsas. Lewis and Marks. They are of Polish extratlion aud.started out to Darbeor ton a quarter of a century .ago, or thereabouts, -t-.---+.?a.a.i...s, ms. fl y industry and enter front, and are at" thet-'i tcnt"ti e in:ti s of wealth almost beyond the dre.ams of avarice. Both-ere notedo.,or their generosity ili mlany good causes, and their.names may often be seen nt the head of the charity hliats Mr. 'Marks lives at I'reloris, and it is no secret that, like Mr. J. It. ltohiusonl, ie is ono of those Out landers who are on very good termsewith Presi. dent'Kruger. AVant Ilusiusos. The great anrd varied eontrptises of these two millionaires of the hand ane to 'be seen in all ,parts of the Transarsl. Ifthere is a farm with gold nnder it to be developed, it is pretty safe to go to thnse men to flud the money to ac' quire and if aced be work it. They are sno'. moue owners of property in the Transvaal, anid .hetween them possess a big fraction-probably a sixth-of the tontal area of t.o country.1 As may be imagined the ostute Kruger is usually only too willing to grand concessioons of, all sorsa.and kinds to milllhonaires like Msers. Lewis and Marks, and quite lately permisasion to establish some great glass-works, &c.;, has been obtained. The Htotbechilds of South Africa. The Ecksteins might be dtescribed without exaggeration as the Rothlelllds of South Africa, whilst men like Mr. Blit do not lag imuch be. I hind. Me. lMr. L, sulgermao, a man of light sitd leauding in ,lohanunsburg financial circles which by the bye Ie the same as saying "in Job. anneaburg," for they seem all financiers there has been arrested by the floor tovernment. Mr. Solomon Joel, who is a near relative of Me, Barney' Blarutao, was the hero of the rain making Incident. turing the long drought in the Tsenevaal he aspired, by means of dyne. mite, to tap the nwilling heavens of some cool aind refrct?ing showers, and attributed his want of success only to the fact that his machine 'was not powerful enough. Text drought Ishould he happen to be back again-Mr. Joel intends to attack the hearens with a more powerful instrument brought from the latstes. From The Iottom Rung. Your South Africa millionaire and multi' millionaire has, it will he found, nearly liways I 4)0B2 ' Mbhi(MM"'Ioetbky driving a team oa oren. In fact, if you want to shine inthe millionairo line, in houth Africa at rate, ap parently the beast thing you can do is to sell all you have, give to the poor,aod start with a spade as your sole capital. If you begin with money you will very likely lose it all before you have learned how to souop together even a small pile. "t's all bucause of the cashmer doesaTom"r Mtrs. Marto muaawed laughingly Hlow glad I am that I wore it. 