Chapter IL— Ik the Stobu. ' Ettly watched her sister persistently all tin weeks that intervened between her en gagement and her marriage, and could make nothing of her. She might have been a lay figure tor all the feeling she ttaowei She stood perfectly sail whilst they tried her dresses, bnt ahe never onee glanced at the mirror, or showed eny interest in their fashion or 6l Nor did Clement's presents. omgaiDCBUt wa uiey wen, jjcutukn auy ?»? thusiasm in her heart. Tne diamonds made ail the women's eyes gUsten ; they might have been the commonest, pebbles for all the notice Lois vouchsafed them. The proud, pathetic, bcautifnl tue was as cold looting as marble ; but it eonld be warm, and fright, andsweet, and eage--, Kitty kne»', and her head ached all the while because ol what this change inust mean. If she hid been older she wonid have spoken to her mother; but Kitlv knew ihit her opinion was pot considered of any const qaence useless to say anything if she ditl uot say all, wliicli she dared not do. So the time mired on, and it was novr the eve of Lois's weddio;. All the U»t prepara tions had been made, and the wedding-litres ao-i veil were lying across tbe couca iu Lr-is*3 tlressing-rootn, looking en like the jglios- of a brUe it bad neatly fricntenol oue of tile maid* into hysterics Dinner was over, but for onae Clement D.ne had not been present. Cat he was expected every moment aot, aud Lois seemed always to be listening as she leant against the porch, the ro9e* and honoy saekle casting their sweets before her who was so much sweeter than they. Kitty had got into the habit of watching her in a persistent, tender way, and she was watching her now. She saw her begin to tremble a little, and knew Clement was coming, even before she beard bis step. fiut Loin's hearing was keener than herd, or iTtber, she knew, through some finer instinct, which, as yet, was lacking io the younger girl, who had never snffered. There was a shrinking aU through Lots, as of actual bodily fear ; but seeing Kitty's eyes fixed on her, she straightened herself at onse and began to laugh in a nemos sort of way. la a few more seooods everyone koe«r that Clement was coming op tbe drive, sad WOlie, with whom be was a prime favourta, ' jumped np and ran off to meet him, tsJong all the flower-beds in bis way. Me Doncombe awoke from his abstraction, and sasnmed an aSable air of expectation. Mrs. Doncombe lifted her tired hands, and folded Ibtan ceremoniously oo her lap. An atmosphere of, ' formalitv and restraint seemed saddetily_.tD' pervade' tbe little group, and «ren reached the loose branch of' honeysuckle, which had - broken away again, and iftffmnt to fje sbme-; -' what flattered. But then it was dose to Lou's lips, and she was breatarax very fsst, for behind Clement was tbe tall, upright figure of Captain Crawford. Bat before he reached them Lou had herself well in band. ' and even' advanced with a slight smQa to -' greet her bridegroom. At Captain CrawforB she never so much as glanoed. ' . ? 'I could not come before, ' Clement BaH, looking at her with bungry, passionate eyes. -'^ ' £ was so sorry, too, to miss any part of otrr * * last evening.' ' . . ?? ' Your last evening?' repeated Mr. Bsm combe, with a puzzled intonation. * - ? ? ' Foe know what I mean,' and belanghea'. 'It will be the last evening I shall spend ' with Lois Dnocombe.' ? ' ? The utnset lighta were fading » UtUe,'bilt '? there was still a lurid gleam under tbe Mack cloud-line, and somehow it gave a sinister ' expression to Clement's {sue new **«n& * startling to Lois, for she drew hack bttinc-' tively. ? 'Wbstfait?'beaaded. n * lower 'tone. ?' Arevou angiy with me?' ' ' ' ''? ?''''. ' Of course not — what reason fasTe X 'Ear ' -^ fcdng angry?* she answered. ' with Krave politenera. ' Fon said yesterday 50a hid to' £0 into Billsborough tins, afternoon.' ??' ?'' ? ' 'But I did not expect to be' attained *- '- long. Greenlow is so confoundedly ToBg winded' (complabimgly); ?* those lawyer fellows often are !' '? ??'??? -:? ' I don't know much sbont lawyers, '-siw *' said indifferently. ? ']''.'' ' May yon never improve vonr acaosiii-' . tace with them, Lois. So far as T fin ail (ben will be no need,' and a sudden shsdmr' crossed his face. But be laughed the next ' moment, though a keen observer wmnVl. have said that it was only with hir fips and -opt ' * wi'h his heart; ' ' ; - ?'- ' ?' ' j Lots would never forget that evening aa' long as ahe lived. A calm so intense it was' ' f actually menacing aeeiued to Ijuwiif overtfaexu* ' and wncoiucioasly, fnvotnatsxily, they : CaSbeA ' ' * together in low voices. The very p*irM1*r*H»r^ was sympathetic, for it was intensely 'calm;''' too, but in a threatening way.*' Ibe -donds bung lpw, and a trail of mist crept np, ghost- ' ' like, from the valley, 'whilst the cattle moved uneasily about the meadow. * - ? - ' Weaiegmngtohaveastdnn-a-Ur*,:1)nn* '' combe said- presently, looking over the.'' darkening landscape with languid interests. ' I know itliy my bead.*' ' ' ' ' 'And I Know ft by my com,1* put in wnue. - 'Yon ridiculous boy f exdauned' his' mo-.her, ratber shocked. « People don't rafet ' to such things in polite society. ! 'I Bate polite society,' he retorted. 'It is a mass of affectation ana shun There can't be anything improper about a com.' 'No, but it is vulgar,' persisted Mrs. Doncombe, 'and as -yon happen to be a gentleman ? ' Re interrupted her almost sternly. 'Ism bound to say and do nothing nowortiiy of Ihe '? position I claim, mother, and I 'never have, end [never vdU, but yon tniutn'c mind iny being a little unrefined at' present. I shall soften down in tjate.' Be looked up at her affectionately, ana she smiled down upon him. ' There's not much the mitter,' ahe slid, and her band fell caressingly amongst the bmwn curU which Kitty Baudly cAUed his 'Hark 1 what is that «' ' Ouly the Hind, mother. We always have a great gnat like that np iroro the sea l)efore thc storrn omes. lladn't you better go indoors ?' ' Yes, go indoors,' echoed Mr. PancomVe from the porc'u. ' It will pelt in a moment.' \- As he spoke a vivid fldh of lightning illu mined aU their faces, and ahowed LoU standing pale and erect between Clement Pens and Captain Crawford, looking defiantly straight - iu {root of her. The latter was speaking to her, but she did not answer — perhaps she did not even hear — and she did fiat ga indoors, although her father called oat again, ttis time from the *'*** ' I love a storm,' sue said, drawing a quick breath,' and what does it matter if tnere is danger. It must be an easy death.' ' Bat you cannot want to die, Lois,' said Cement, reproachfully. ' Why not ? ' Count no matt happy until he u dead?'' She finished with a laugh that mixed itself up in a-dniater way with tbe growl ot ^ha thunder and the hoarse wailing of efce wind. and made Captain Crawford1! eyes turn upon heranxiouBry. , , 'Dmtk is a rot and a forgetting,' she went on. ' Lffe ia remembering and straggl ing all *^'* tin1* ' ''Why not aay bring and enjoying!' whispered Clemen t. 11 Pfi*fTTir neither love nor pleasure lasts,' she answered coldly. 'They should both aeem eternal to you at twenty, Lois. 'It is as we gee on in lite that onr iHnsinm vanish.' 'Ihen yon admit that there are tllnninnR,' aba said quickly, 'and people only believe ia tJiam whilst they are young and ignorant 1' 'I did not mean that. Pleasure may be fleeting, but love at any rate goes with us to tha grave, often to our sorrow, and sometimes to oar absme, If we love unworthily. But these is Mr. Dunccmbe ffyllipg yon again, Lois,' he added. ' Now yon must go in.' She waited for the next flash, which seemed to light up the white heavens with one hue lambent flame, in which there was a zigzag pattern as of flaming serpents darting swiftly earthwuds. Then in. a. second came the great crash of thunder overhead, and a sound as if a «*npM«^ bali had burst close beside them. Hie two men drew back instinctively, both of them drawing Loss with them, but though she did not resist them she was smiling aU the time, although there was a strange look in her, eyes. 'j; thought it was earning then,' she said. ?' Bat it seems Jam resanred for a worse fate,' and she turned and went in. . Cajtain Crawford and Clement Dene were leftataoHing on the path t^«'» V Ton. dp not -repent now?' the former said, in a low impressive voice. 'You have had yomr warning. 'Paaawl11 exclaimed the other disdainfully. 'I am'not so easily {lightened u all tint. BesTdes, | what I hav. said I bold to, though all ti» elements were i-iiprt me.' Another flash of lightning, less vivid than thelast, showed his bold, definite face and set lips to Us companion, a face in which there was fio sign of .relenting assuredly, and his own* hardened as he looked. But it was only a brief revelation, and told Urn perhaps no more than ha already knew, but he insult one more effort to move the man at hVaUe narerthdng.' 'Havoyou no pity !' he said. ' The girl's taeawoauinovea heart of stone.' . 'She accepted me of her own free will.' 'She perer had a will other own. She aocepte3;yon .because ahe was told to do so. But she '?iif~r^i«, poor **^i1^ Look how she shrinks when you touch her 1 Would you not hate to have a wife to whom your caresses were torture V ?'Sfieil get over .that,' retorted Clement Dene. ?* Love begeia love, yon know.' 'In some women, perhaps, but Miss Duncomne is* not that sort. She dislikes yon now. 6he willloathe you the day after to #l1!hat Ja wiiat I call brutal frankness,' repUett dement, with an uneasy laugh. ' Yon cicttd your prerogative, my friend. *' I shall have no rights to-morrow! if you marry Lois, since I shall be your friend no lmjijci ? bather vour euov. So I must sneak *'Bfr Jore!' exclaimed Clemait, fhuply, \- 'I believe tod are in love with her yonr «ifr Captain CimwforJ did pot change colour, and bu fkoe vw like a mark aa he answered — ?'That would not affect the question one way or the other, because yon know very well that I ud a poor man. and &lra; Dupcombe would not give me his daughter on that account. Bnt I have a deep chivalrous respect foe the Ctrl, and £ would fain save her if I could. If ahe does not love you she ought not to be forced to marry you.' *'Vow you are talking nonsense 1' mid Clement impatiently. '* Girls cannot be forced into marrying anyone in these raligfatened times. If ahe said * No' instead of ' Tea' at the altar, I should have to abide by it ; and there is nothing to prevent her, aa far ' There is everything to prevent her, morally speaking. Besides, it requires more courage than most girls possess to rebel against the authority of a man like Dr. Buncombe.' ' Mr. Dnncombe always strikes nie as most polite and considerate to all his children. ' ** So long as they oppose him in nothing ; bnt it is the iron band in the silken glove, always.1; ' I *lwwV yon do him an injustice.*1 Clement began, but Captain Crawford stopped him impatiently. ' Ton can *ee for yourself. Look at the girl's face, I fell you P ' It is the most beautiful I ever Baw, if that is what yon mean.' 'Too know I dont mean that. What good has her beauty done her, that I should dwell upon it!' ' Humph !' said Clement, laughing con plimenbuy, my friend, and force me into blowing my oirn trnmpet I am young, not reckoned ill-looking by the opposite sex, and I have £10,000 a year. TberVs scarcely a girl in thccouitsr fmm fIia p»ri nf Loamahire's daughter downwards, I couldn't have had for the asking, though I say it who shouldn't1' *' Then why the devil didn't you ask one of the others!' interrupted Captain Crawford fiercely. 'Perversity of human nature, I suppose. The one -who didn't want me was the one I set my heart upon, and,'' setting his teeth, ' mean fiofca.ve.*' ? ~ ' It baa never oceured to you, I see, that I could prevent this maniafte if I chooser 'It never has, and, in any case, why should you choose ! She is nothing u- you.' ' Nothing to me r repeated Captain Craw ford, with a strange sort of calm.. 'Still lookers-on see the most of the game. That poor girl is being led like a Iamb to the ?aerjfiee, and IwWmve her if I can.' 'Is thit VtSreatr inquired Clement, frigidly. ' No, it is a warning. Go and tell her now she is free, and leave the country at once, ex plaining by letter to Mr. Uuncombe tbat you could not take an unwilling bride even, from her father's hands, and yon and I will be friends again, as in our old boyish days.' ?'And what if I refuse!' 'Then look to yourself, Clement Dene, for it will be war to the knife on my side.' -* You don't mean that you will murder me, I suppose.' ' There is no need for me to explain my meaning: bat I will save that girl at all costs, rou understand!' Clement burst out laughing. ?? How melodramatic we are !'' he cried. ' But, seriously, Crawford, it's infernally bad taste. Ton have been ranting and raving for the last ten minutes like a third-rate actor.' ' Possibly ; only I have not been playing a part. I never was more in earnest in all iny 'Then you actually mean that you will prevent my marrying Lois Duncombe ! ' That I won't swear to. But yon shall leave her here, under her father's roof.' ' ni be hanged if I do !' ' We shall' see about that,' and his tone was so menacing that Willie, who bad come out into the porch to look for them, stood stock still, staring. 'Why, what's up!' he said, and Captain Crawford answered coolly and sal ideally. ?? We're got a bet on, that's all. The best friends don't always think alike.' ' I know, X often pitched into the fellow I liked best at school. But after we had fought it oat we were, chnms- again. Bat do come in. Lois has been eo frightened about you, Clement,'.' he concluded. Clement glanced at Captain Crawford, and stroked his moustache; the .other gate Iiira a look ol mingled menace and disdain, as he paoed him, and went into the house. ' What a wax Captain Crawford is in,' ex claimed Willie, with the irreverent candour of bis age. ' What have you been and gone and done to him !' 'Nothing,' answered Clement, shortly, and he, too, went in. Willie stayed behind for a minute, ponder ing. He had always fancied that his future brother-in-law and Captain Crawford were devoted friends, -and had been from their school-days ; therefore their present attitude towards each other puzzled and surprised him. It was not so much the words spoken as the look of fierce resentment on one aide, and sullen defiance on the other, which he had surprised, that startled Willie, and set him thinking. An older man .would have gceesed what it was that had come between them, but Love had never yet entered into Willie's life, and therefore he did not give it its proper place in his calculations. He had not arrived at any eolution of *l.B-yt*g- on account of tbis omission, when his mother called to him plaintively : ' I do wl»n you would come indoors, Willte. I»» sure you will be struck by lightning.' And the boy, uho had a very tender, chivalrous affection for his pretty, weak mother, obeyed without 