SERMON FOR SUNDAY. The Great Lawsuit. By the Rev. Db. Talmaoe. ,,Wo have an Advocate with the Father,' Jesus Christ the righteous.— 1 Jolm it. 1. Stundiug in a court-room, you say to your- solf, "At this bar arimo haa often been arraigned ; at this witnoss-stand tho oath hus often boon taken : ut thiB iurors' bench the verdict had been rendered ; ut this judge's desk Heutenco has boen pronounced." But I have to toll you to-day of a trial higher than uny Oyer und Termiuoror Circuit or Supreme or Chuncory. It is tho.trial of overy Chris tian man for tho life of his eoul. This triul is different from any other iu the fuct that it is both civil and oriminal. The issues at stake are tremoudous, und I shall in my sermon shew you, first, what are. tlio grounds of complaint; then, who lire the wituesses in tho cause ; and, lastly, who is file advocate. 1\. AVI1011 a trial is called 011, the first thing is to havo the indictment read. Stand up, then, oil Christian man, and hear the indict ment of the court of iiigh heaven against thy soul. It is 1111 indietmont of ten counts, for thou hast directly or indireotly broken nil the ton commandments. Are you guilty or not guilty P Do not put in a negative plea too qujak, for I liuvo to uunomico thut "ull have sinned and come short of tho glory of God." "There is none that death good; no, not ono." "AVhosoover shall keep tho ivholo law, yot offend in one point, he .is guilty of all." Do not, thoroforo, lie too hasty in pronouncing yourself not guilty. This lawsuit before us also ehurges you witli tho breaking of a solemn contract. Many it timo did . wo promiso to bo tho Lord's. We get down 011 our knees und said, " O Lord,T am Tliina now and for ever." Did yen keep thn promiso? Huvo ynu stood up to tlio con tract ? I gu back to your first communion. You remember it as wall us if it .wuro yester day. You know how tho vision of tho cross rose boforo you. Yon l-oinembcr how from the head, und tlie hands, and the side, and the feet came bleeding forth these two words, "Remember Me." You recall how the cup of communion trembled in your hand when, you first took it; and its in a soashell yoii may hear,' or think von hear, tlio rouriiig of tho surf even after the shell has been taken from the beach, so you lifted tho cup of communion, and you heard in it tho surging of a Saviour's grout lovo und agony; and' you eamo forth from the communion servico with face shining us . though you had been on tho Mount of Transfiguration ; and the very air soomod tremulous witli tlio love of Jesus, and the weeds, and tlie leaves, and tlie grass, uud the birds were brighter nnd swoetor voiced Mum ever before, and you said down in tlio very depths of your soul, ' ' Lord, Thou lmowest Hil.things; Thou knowest I love Thee." Hqvo you kopt tbo bargain, oil Ohristiun mail P Have you not sometimes faltered whon you ought to havo been truoP Havo you not been proud whon you ought to have beoii humble P Havo you not played the coward jvlicn you ought to have been the hero P I charge it upuu you, und I charge it upon myself — wo havo broken tlio contract. 2\. " Still further; this lawsuit olaims damitges atyuurhnuds. Thogreatost slander on ilio Christian religion is au inconsistent profossor. Tho Bible suys religion is one thing; wo, by our inconsistency, say religion, is somo other- tiling; and what is moro dcplbrablo about it is, that' people can sco faults in others while they . cannot see any in themselves. If you ahull ut any tiino find somo miserable old gossip, with imxiorfections from the orown of her head to tho sole of her foot, a perfect blotch of sin herself, she will go tattling, tattling, tattl ing, all tlie years of her life about tile incon sistencies of others, having no idea thut she is inconsistent herself. God save tho world from the gossip— female and male. I think tlie mules uro tliu worst. Now yau'Jutve heard the indictment read. Are ynu ready to plead guilty or nut guilty ? Perhaps youare not roady yot to plead. Then tlio trial will go 011. . Tho witucssos will be called, uud wo shall liuve tlio matter decided. In tlio liumo of God I now imtko proclamation : Oyez ! Oyoz I Oyez ! whosoovor hath uny Ihiug to offer in this triul, in which God is tho plaiu- tiff uud the Ohristinii soul the dqfoudunt, let hiiu now stop forth and give testimony iu this solomu triul. 3\. The witnesses. The first .witness I cull upon the staud in behalf of tho proseoutinu is tho AYorld — all critical and observant Chris tian ohuraeter. There are those who iinugiue. tlmt out of tlio faults of Christians they oun make a bridge of boats across tbo stream of doutli, und tlioy 1110 going to try it ; hut alas for the mistako ! When they got midstream, away will go tho bridge, and down will go thoir souls to perdition. Oh World, of the greedy eye and the hard hourt, come on thu stand now and testify in behalf of the proae- entiou against this - Olirlstiuu soul on trial. AVhut do you know about this Christian mttu ? "Oh," says the AVorld, "I knew a great deul about him. Ho talks about putting his treasures iu heaven, but ho is the sharpest man in a trade I ovor knew. He seems to want us to beliovo that he is a child of God, but ho.is just full of imperfections. I do lint know but I am a great deul better thun he is now. Oftentimes lie is very earthly, uud ho talks so little about Christ und so muoh about himself. I am glad to testify tliut this isa bud man." The second witucss is Con - science. AVlio art thou, oil Consoionoe P What iR your business P AVhoro wore you born? What ure -you 'doing hore P "Oil," says Oousoionee, "lwas born iu heaven. I auino down to befriend this man. I have lived with him. I have instructed him. I lmro warned him: I showed him the right and tlie wrong, advising liim to take the right, and csetiow the other. .1 lutvo kindled u great; light in his- soul. Witli a whip of scorpions I havo seourgod - his wicked- . uessjiand l have tried to olieor-him when doing right ;. und' yet I am compelled to .tcsUfy 1111 tlio stuud to-day that lie hus some- time's rejected my mission; It pains mo very muoh thut I liuvo to testify against this Cliristiun mail, uud yot I must, in behalf 'of Him who will in 110 wise clear the guilty, say that this Cliristiun mail' has dene wrong. Ho hus boeu worldly. Ho lias been, neglect ful. He hus dono it thousand things lie ought not to have dono,' and loft liudoiic a thousand things lie' ought to lmve dono.". Thnt will do, - Consoienco. You ouu sit down. The third - witness is uu nugel of GodP Bright and shining one, what doest thou hero ?' What hast .thou to say uguinst this limn on trial p "Oil," says the angel, " I huvo been a messenger to hiin. I liuvo gunrdod him. I huvo wutoliod liim. With this wing I huvo dofonded liim, und oftentimes whon I10 knew it not,- 1 led him into grqeii pastures and bonido tlie still wutcrs. I snatched from him tho polsuncd eimlioes. AVlion bad spirits eaiau upon him to destroy him, I fought there hack with infinite fieroouess. And yot I huvo to testify to-day that ho has rejeotod my mission. Thoro is only ono moro witness to be called 011 belmlf of the prosecution, and Mint is thu great, tho holy, tho august, tho omnipotent Spirit of God. Wo how down before Him. " Holy Spirit, knowest Thou this mini?" " Oh, yes, says tho Holy Ono, "I know him. I havo striven with liim ten thousand times, and, though somotimes lie did seein to repent, he foil hack again us often from his first estulo. Ten thousand times ton thousand has he grieved Mc, although the Bible warned him, saying, 'Grievo not the Holy Ghost : quench not tlio Spirit.' Yes, he has driven Me back. Though I am tho Third Person of the Trinity, I10 has trampled on My mission ; and the blood of the Atone ment that I brought, witli whioh to oloanso hie soul, ho sometimes despised. I oame from the - throne of God to convert, and- oom- fort, and sanctify ; and yet, look at that man, and see what ho is compared with what, unresisted, I would have made him." Tlie evidence on the part of tho prosecution has closed. Now let tho defence bring on tlie rebuttal testimony. Whut have you, Oh Christian Soul, to bringjin reply to this ovi donco of the world, of tho consoicnoo, of tho angel, and of M10 Holy Ghost P No ovidonco P Are all these things true P I' Yes. Unclean, unolean !" says every Christian soul. What? Do you not begin to tremble at the thought of condemnation p ... 4\. The Advocate. Wo have come now to the most interesting part of this groat ' trial. The evidence all in, the iidvbeates speak. Tlio profession of an advocate is full of responsi bility. In England and tbo Unitod States there have arisen mon who in this oall- ing havo been honoured by " their race, and thrown 'contempt upon thoBe who in tho profession; lmvo boon guilty of a great muny meannesses. I havo to toll ybu that' in this trial ot tlie Christian for the life of hiRSoul.' tho advocates are mightier, wiser, tind-mora oloquent. Tho evidence nil being in, severe and storn Justice rises 011 bohalf of the prosecution to make his plou. AVith tho Biblo opon in iiis hund, lie reads tho law, storn and inflexible, and tlie penalty : "The soul Mint siuiietii, it shall die." Tlion lie suys : "O Thoti Judge and Lawgiver, this is Tliiiw own statute, und all tlio ovidonco 111 .earth and. heaven agrees that the mini hus sinnod against these enactments. ' Now, lot Mie sword leap from its scabbard. Shall a man go through the very flames of Siiiai iitisiiigod p Lot the law he executed. Let judgment bo pro nounced. Let him die. I demand that lie die !" Oil, Christian, docs it not look very dark for tliooP Who will plead on' Ihy side iii ao forlorn a causoP Sometimes a nam will bo brought into a court of law, and ho will huvo no friends nnd no monoy, and tho judge will look over the bar nnd say, "Is thoro anyone who will volunteer to tuko this man's ouse' lind 'defend him ?" And somo young man rises up and Nays, "I will ho his counsel" ; perhaps starting on from that vory point to a great und brilliant career. Now, iu this iniittor of H10 soul, 11s you have . nothing to pay. for counsel, do you . think "tlmt anyone will volunteer? Yes, yes; I see Ono rising. Ho is a young iiia.ii," only thirty- three years of age. I soo His conntcnuiice suffused with tenrsnnd covered witli bloodnndiillthe galleries of heaven are thrilled witli the spectacle. Thanks bo unto God. "wo havo 1111 Advo cate with tlio Fatlior, ' Jesus Christ tlio righteous." Oh Christian soul,, your ease begins to look better. I think tlmt, uftor all, there may bo some ohnimb for you, for tlio great Advocate rises to make his ploa. He says : " I admit all that 1ms been proved uguinst My client. I admit oil those sins- ay, moro ; but look at that wnuudnd hand of Mine, and look ut that othor wounded hand, and look at My right foot and at My loft foot. By all tlio.se wouuds I plead for iiis acquittal. Count all the drops of Sly tears. Count all the drops of My blood. "By the humiliation of Bcthlciiom, by tho sweat of Gothscinane, by tho sufferings of thnoross, I demand that he goes free. On this arm lie hath leaned'; to'thisheurt ho hatli flown ; in Sly tours I10 hath washed ; and on My righteousness I10 hath depended. Lot him go free ; I ain the ransom. Let liim escape the lash' ; I took tlio soourgings. Lot the cup pass from him ; I drank it to the dregs., Putoiihipi t!;o erjwii of lifo, for I liuvo worii tlio (irown of thorns. OVor against My throne of sliumo' sot iiis throne of triumph ! " AAfoll, Mia counsel 011 both sides have spoken, and thoro is oiily one more thing now remaining, and that is, tho award ing of tho judgment. ' If 'you have ever been in u cuurt-rooin' you will know the silence and solemnity when the verdict is about to bo rendorod or the judgment, about to bo given. About tliiH suul en trial— sliull it bo saved ur shall, it be lust? Attention! above, around, beneath. All the uuivorse cries, "Hear, hoar!" ... "6; -Tho judre 'gives his decision— nover to bo revoked: ".There is, therofuro, now no con demnation to thom who uro ill Christ Jesus." But, my friends, there is coming it day of trial in whioh not only tlie saint but tho sinner must appear. That day of trial will 001110 vory suddenly.. I luivo shown you how well the Ohristinii will got off in his triul. AVill you got off us well 111 your trial ? AVill Christ plead 011 your sido or against you? Oh, what will yuu do in tlio lust great ' assize, if your conscience is against you, and thu world is against you, hnd' tlio angols of heuvou are hguinst you, and tlio Holy Spirit is against you, and the Lord God Almighty is against you ?' Bettor thiB day secure ail advocate. Oh lost onos, why will you perish P AVliy, this,- is tho greatest opportunity iu your life ! I am in the burnished judgment hull of tlie lust day. A great 'white throne is lifted, but tlie judge hus net tukou it. The ground tromblos witli tlio approaching chariot. The doers of tlio hail swing open. " Stand back !" ory tlio- celestial ushers. " Stand baok ! lot tlio Judge of quick and doadpiiss through !" Ha takes tlio throne, and, looking ovor tho throng of nations Ho says, " Come to judgment. — tho last judg ment— tho only judgment !" By 0110 flush from tho Miroiie all tho -history of each one flames forth to tlio vision of liiinsolf und all others. " Divide !" says tho Judge to the assembly. " Divide !"_ cry tlio guards ungelid. And now tlio" immortals separate, rushing this way und that, and after a while thoro is a great aisle botwoon them, and a groat vacuum wideiiiiigiiiidwidoning, und thu J udge, turniug to tlio throng 011 one sido, says; " Ho tlint is righteous, let liim bo righteous still, and I10 that is holy-, lot liim he holy still";. and then .turning towurds thu throng on tlio opposite side, Ho says "Ho thut is unjust, lot liim be unjust still, and ho that is_ filthy, lot him he filthy still" ; and thou, lifting ono hand towards oaoli group, Ho declares, "If tho. tree falls towards tho' south or towards Mie north, in tho pluco whero M10 tree falloth there it shall bo." And then I heur something jar with ii grout sound. ' It ; is the closing of tho hook of judgment. The Judge usoonds tho stairs' behind tho throno, Tho hall of tlio lnstussizes is oleiirod and shut — tho ' high eourt of eternity adjourned for ever ! Oil, sinner, bo saved' in tho court below. Boliovo your' advocate, tlio Lord Jesus Christ, and your acquittal is oorlaiu. 