MAD FREAKS OF GIRLS. Tho love of notoriety is natural with most people, although not many Indies would e ire to go to the extent that a young Bristol lady did recently in order to get h*r name prominently before her neighbour.*. Ono day a sudden impulse prompted her to cut her hair short (she had exceptionally fine locks), and then to spread the report that a man had sprung ont from behind a hedge one dark night, and clipped it off with a pair of scissors. Tho news of the 1 outrage' soon spread, and polic'-men, journalists, and neigh bours at once flocked to hear her story. Just as tho sonsatinu was at its height she confessed that sho herself had cut oil the hair and that the adventure she had so graphically described was noth ing but a tissue of falsehoods. It is hard to draw a lino between pluck and foolhardincss, but most people will admit that the following belongs to the lattt-r class. Down at Wnnstend »i certain largo detached house had long obtained a reputation of being haunted, and consequently bad remained empty for many years. * It was just upon the point of being let when a labourer spread a rumour about tho neighbourhood that he bad seen a ghost in the front room of the house as ho was passing ouo evening. 8upeistitious people immediately shunned tho thoroughfare on tho bor ders of which Ihe house was shunted, whilst tho moro bravo and inquisitive hung about outside the house waiting expectantly tor the alleged 4 ghost' to make its appearance. Just as the clock struck the hour of midnight, a tall figure, clothed entirely in white, stood by the window with outstretched hnnd. The spectators were spell bound for a moment, and then two or three men volunteered to investigate. They broke into tho house and found tho 1 ghost' to be nothing less than the form of a School-girl, Graco Hann by name, who had, for a foolish freak, taken it into her head to renew tho ' ghost' scare so prevalent a few years previous. The school which she nttended adjoined the garden m which the house stood, and it was in this that she gained entrance on two successive evenings. 