Personal and Political. Federal candidates are singularly feeble on the platform. They seem over cautious and uncertain. The great draw back to the Federal campaign is the want of somethpii; tangible to get excited over. The people are vainly waiting for (he cun ? . didates to shake them up. Gloucester Price, M.P , has for years past given keen attention t'- constitutional history arid law. If re turned to the Federal Convention this study should prove invaluable, ^oine of the candidates know more about . dominoeu than the principles of con stitutional govern meiit. Wellington Haynes, M.P., auiu-i il a big audience in OaslK-reagh-street, Sydney, on Saturday uight by his ready repartee and clever mimics. He i said Sydney ehould .be the Federal *'0 capital, because it was sanctified liy / the blood of the first inhabitants So ? !- . was Wellington end Pinch Gut for /: the matter ot that. He was a wild eyed politician from the back blocks, with unkempt hair, basked straw hat and stab e broom V beard. He confidentially whisper, d i that he was keeping his Federal candi dature quiet, for a day or two, as he thought he would be invited to join the Presidential ' aud 'Patriotic' bunch. 'Don't he surprised,' ho said, ' if I am returned. I think I can beat Barton anyway.' There is an uneasy feeling in minis terial circles,that Mr Reid will not be -among' the first five of the ten selected \- . for the Convention. The income.tax returns ha^e tormented,-! he electors ?? ftt a , optica} moment. The Premier, . too, displays an unwillingness to throwing himself vigorously into the C«mpaign.| Tfie (jneation now ie, had Butler an accomplice in Australia? He dis played an Anxiety to obtain a signal yes' pr '- no from the pilot. He wps op very confidential terms with a yd'ung woman at Newcastle who has pleuty of money. - Was this blood \- money and was she-bis banker P She mysteriously .disappeared, and Butler : — when arrested had only two 'sovereigns in his possession. What became of the few hundred pounds possessed by Burgess. \- _?'? Three weeks before any cry was. y A raised in connection with the dis .: appearance of 'Lee Weller a metro . politan paper published a paragraph | -..r- . slating that a ' greater Deeming was in' business in New South Wales.' The writer evidently knew something, iife r ; . or' else. made a wonderfully correct accHent. The point is who V, supplied that paragraph ? liVi' - Tho ^j-iboui' candidates are yery s i£}u'ch ' pertofbed qyer the Cardinal's ^B».v.v.:--capdiduture. The poll will bo. im SiSy--' ? , measurably heavier especially in the country electorates which do not pin much faith ir. the programme of the j#''.'- Solidarities. The safety of the Soli i~.~ ~ darities iB an exclusive campaign, that ' iB ono confined to tho metropolis, New V-' castle and JSroken-Hill. -Those who \- vote for the Cardinal are not likely to ddst maty votes ambng the Labor tjtipch- 4'he Cardi! ill it muct i n ro -v-*'., m'emberetl has deolnred himself against ???? ? .the ' mere experimentalists ' and the ' wild theorist.' , - - ? The Labor bunch are being placarded \- as the ' mouthpieces of Democracy.' Evidently the 'loud month pieces' iB meant.- . Some p- ople do imagine thej have a wonderful mission in'this Worlcj. ' ' ' %^Jutlf-y says he in confident he cgti \- . prpvp bis innocence when he reaches J&gfK; Aust-nlia. The ghosts.' of his victims ' will have to enter tho witness box anil \- anpar him guiltless before tbe public will change their opinion. A telegram to the morning press ^^H^HSrom Narrabri says Dnn O'Connor's ^H|^IWeral speech was 'tbe most brilliant atiareBs ever delivered in the distinct. ' I^bw, tiid Daniel! dictate' thattelegram £ ' f'^'e '/ Sydney 1 Daily Telegraph ' ?'7\ has issued twit vulutble pa'npli'ets One is J-he !(ndu*t*-y o,t N w. gput^ ' Walpo,*' bejng the co'lecr-il Special articles written for thn1 j ur nal by the mining editor (Mr J -ok liobertB). The other is 11 Federal -' Finance ' containing the articleB oon ' tributed to the ' D.T.' by the flunn cial editor (Mr. E L. Nash). The publication of thepo series of articles . in book form will be popularly appre ciated. T«o very important questions are .dealt with up to date. -i I ~ -I ? ? ?1 . V' ' ' -. ? ?' 