PERIWINKLES CH AlTEIt XXV. Tp)0, 110, no ! But for you my IV hands would bo red with s blood — with the blood of Dnry' Darkwood — my own husband I Ah, too horrible ! But for you 1 should be a murderess— branded lik.o Cain — jot Hoa.von knows 1 did not mean it 1 could hot. help it ! 1 was not myself thou ; 1 was mad with grjof on. that, cruel night, and my brain had already given way. Thank you, Mr. Ev crsloigh — thank you— ..thank you from the vnrv dentli nf'-iriv brnrt ' for what you aid for me; in that terriblo hour of need; Yes, 1 will thank you — 1 will; 'but after this night never to a living soul will 1 speak of it again. 1 cun utterly in ignorance as to how you con trived to coinc to mo so oppor tunely. 1 1 may have been pure ehanco—inovo likely it was tlio mercy and interposition of Hea ven. Perhaps that shy and strange old man summoned you at a time whc-n your presence was .so sorely required! 1 know Not ; 1/cnnnot tell. And though guessing is vuiri, 1 do. know this— that 1 am grate ful to you,' 1 cried passionately, ' that my gratitudo is n living grautudo — it will novor die. Only when tho breath loaves my body, when earth and earthly things grow dim for: mo shall 1 cease to remember nil— all that -you have dono for mo — for my sako. To remember your nobility, your goodness, uutil deatli — that is easy. But in anywise to repay you so long as "1 am alivo — ah, that is impossible ! ' 'Do not- -do not put it so. Oh, if you could only understand!' he was beginning almost as im pulsively and as passionately nsl myself had spoken. Hut ho ap peared to check himself with an effort, and said soothingly,, if somewhat iiieoherontlyj 'Yes, Mrs Darkwood, it was old Mr. Jones ; there is no reason why you should not know it. Often through him 1 have heard what — what yon were doing ; Low you and - — and the child were getting along in the now life. Being aware, you see, that — that 1 was a friend of yours, mid convinced that you on that winter uiirht were in. very real need of a true friend's help and \- counsel, ho journeyed in haste to my chambers to — to inform me of your diro necessity. Unluckily, whoa ho arrived iu the Temple, lie learned that 1 was out — dining it so chanced, at a house iu a dis tant suburb. But — but, deter mined to find mo — tho plucky old man ! — and to bring me to you if — it nwo-poaaibltt, -he iiuilml a" ofl i), the best lie could secure, and — and managed, after c-o isidcrable delay, to riiscm or whither 1 had gone. Thank Heaven,' said Loigh Evcrsloigh hurriedly, raising his .. face, which in (lie palo moonlight looked singularly pale and earnest, to tho silent stars — '1 was not too late ! ' ' Yes ; for that 1 shall lhank Heaven uutil my dying day,' 1 cried, with another hysterical catch in my voice. Mr. Evors- loigh, if Lady Tracy were not watching us from that window in tho drawing-room, 1 would kneel hero upon the grouud at your feet — yes, 1 would— 1 'would ! — and kiss your hands, and thank you humbly for thus- — — ' | Mis; Darkwood,' be broke in hoarsely, ' you must not — indeed you must nit. 1 cannot boar it — to hear you. You pain mo un speakably — you 'are too ' But nt that instant Aurora, having lost all pationco. . was; ad- vancing towtu'ds us ' swiftly over the silvery hiw.n, .a ileccy white wrap flung, carelessly over her hend and shoulders. Indeed she picked. up her train unci mn, and, joining us without ccrcmouy, interrupted Mr. Eversleigh. "Upon my word,' cried the Viscountess, rather out of breath, you ought to know better — both of you ! How on earth can yon bo so unwise— and not yet May, too? Why, tho ground is soak ing ; these . doivy, . spring nights are most abominably troaoherous. Blower, my dear, you want to catoh your dentil, I should im agine; and ro lly I had almost said thut you .deserve to do so. Well,' exclniniCd AuroraNitnpa- tiently, perceiving wo had neither of us a word of any. kind ready just then,:' what does Flower say to your preposition, Mr. Ever sleigh? If she is so beut upon l his absurd nursing whim of hers, I should imagino that tho idea would meet with her warmest approbation. Itis just tho very thing!' ' We linvc not discussed the mutter yet,' replied Leigh, trying to. answer tho yicpuntess in his natural, pleasant mauner. ' I think now, Lady Traoy, that it must wait until to-morrow. I am sure Mrs. Darkwood is muoli fatigued to listqu to mo to night.' ' Good gracious,' cried Aurora, in her brightest arid bluntest fashion- — 1 not dincnssnrl tlin mat- ter yet ! Why, what in the world, then, have you been talk ing about all this long while? Loftus, who is dying for a cigar and a chat with you, Mr. Evcrsloigh, would lmvo it that you end Mrs. Darkwood had lost your way— perhaps strayed into tho watercress brook — and ho wanted to conio and look for you himself.' I waited to hear no move. Like a ghost I stole away from them, and glided into tho liouso — across tho hall — up tlio stairs ; and, as I hud dono on returning from our drivo iu the afternoon, I gniuod iriy own rooms rind there looked myself m. What a puzzle and a mazo was i life! thought I heavily. Was il actually worth whilo living, aftci all?- . ' , For somo people, I told myself emphatically, Ho !! .. chapter xxvi. I slept- badly on -that night of Loigh Evcrsloigh 's brief sojourn nt Arloy Bridge; aud, as u mat- tor of course, in tho morning I awoke but ill rofreshed and fool ing far from well. About ten o'clock 1 wont down-stairs ; and, with a book which at tho tiinp l was reading, and!a Chinese umbrella jn case i shield of tlio kind'woro needed, I forthwith made n y way out iuto tho fresh air of tho garden. It wn3 a lorely morning — warm, clear, and wdtlr a high and clmul less sky— a real foretaste of tho summer that was now so near at hand. The turf of-tho wide neat lawns was,, hardly -.yet UIJ J ill wu Cliuuu uun own lingered, glistouing upon droop ing grasses, and budding fronds ; in tho sunlight floated tlio fairy gossamer, perhaps like tho threads in the magic web of the Lady of Sholott. Industriously the boos wont humming from flower to llower. ; iSTot far from tho house, shel- J tei-ed by noble alms, Ihoiv was a kind of grotto, where a pool for gold-fish had been sunk and made pioturosquc — built round as it was, - with groat rugged stones and gnarled brown roots from tlio Alley woods; with mosses and ferns growing luxuriantly about the brink of it, and dipping their delicate greenery into tlio cool dusky water. Here I seated myself upon a wooden seat — -it was a favourite haunt of mine — and, forgetting tho book that I bad brought with me. out-of-doors, fell to listening idly to the cawing of tho rooks in tho faintly rustling elm-tops overhead. With a start I brought my oyeB earthward; footsteps were approaching. I perceived then that that the garden door in the library passage was open, and that Lord Traoy and his wife were coming towards me. Aurora herself, rather to my surpriso, was dressed for travel- linu — Inokine? tumrflv VinwitMiitif in a perfectly-fitting brown tailor-made gown aud a most captivating trawn s traw 'princess' bonnet trimmed with brown velvet and a bunch of bright yellow cowslips. Lord Traoy, too, was wearing a now spring ovorooat, a white scarf and gold horse-shoo pin. ' What— you are going to town ?' I exclaimed involuntarily, when Lady Tracy had kissed me in her hearty, and affeotiouate fashion, and the Viscount had crushed my hnnd within his, fervently hoping that I was 'a lot better.' ' Yes— 1 have somo shopping to do,' briskly replied Aurora ; \- and I intoud to try Whiteley's for a change ; and Loftus is' going to Cribb's and then on to Tatter- sull's, . So wo shall lunch iu town —and don't ' yon wait, dear Flower.' ' ' I presume Mr. Eversleigh will acoompnny you, Lord Traoy ?' observed I, carelessly turning to tho young man, who was pressing against his teeth the silver crook of his walking-stick. ' Well — er — well, no, Mrs.. Darkwood,' hesitated he, thus suddenly appealed to, flushing rather pink and glancing nt Aurora for wifely guidance, un certain as to whether he was say ing ' the right tliiug' or was 'putting his foot in it,' as " he would have expressed it; 'wo are — er — driving, you see, to-dny; nnrl Rrnrul Ain>li will orxtnn An lnfni by train, lie says. He's writing letters in tho library now— isn't ho, Aurora?' ' Yes ; but wbou wo aro out of tho way, my dear boy, ho is com ing out to talk to Mrs. Darkwood. So wo will bo off,' replied slio. ' Aurora,' I said somewhat stiffly , ' I should very much like to go to town with you this morning. 1 too liavo some shop ping to do — I remember now; and, if yon will wait for mo, I shall not be fi.vo minutes putting on my things 1 'Out of the question, my dear!' cried Aurora blithely. 'I uin going with Loftus in that now American dog-cart of his — it's an awfully high and perilous- looking afl'uir, so don't bo in the least astonished if wo como to grief. I wouldn't for tho world, Flower, have you risk your nock; and, if Loftus breaks mine, I'll novor forgive him !' 'Ob, I say, that's good!' put in his lordship, smiling delight fully, as if his wife had really said a brilliant thing. ' I rather like a high dog-cart,' I cried quickly and without re flection. ' Can I not go, Aurora ?' I am very sorry — I think not. It would look 'too droll, my dear Flower, I fancy, to seo you perched up on tho back seat by the side of Dickson, you know. You must wait until to-morrow ; and : then we'll have tho carriage and go together, dear, wherever you like. Good-bye.' She laughed gaily, waving a faultlessly bronze - gloved hand, and hurried ber husband away towards tho front of the house, almost before that obedient young man himself could snatch off his bat iu adieu. Aurora was still bis bright exacting empress ; he still remained her most willing and adoring slave. Alone again in the pleasant shadow of the grotto under tho elms, I began to wonder how, nftfip miv omntinnnl Tinrtina on thn previous night, I and Leigh Ev ersleigh would moot on this day. For, after all, regarding the ques tion from a calm and common- sonse point of view, it was ridi culous to think of running away from him. Ho had something to say to mo ; and he must say it. To avoid him at Arley Bridge was for me, it seemed, impossiblo — flight was absurd ; he himself, I thought feverishly, would have left tho house ero the day ended; and then, and not before, should I know peace of mind onoo moro. The earlier ho went the happier I should feel, I told myself rest lessly. Let the interview, then, whatever might be the nature of it, be got over as quickly as pos- siblo ; let me be free again and alone, I: cried querouely in my heart, to settle unaided the course 'of' my future life ! What had _ Loigh Eversleigh to do with it ? Even as iriy thoughts ran thus ; busily nnd. impatiently, with por- fect solf-posse'ssion ho joined mo in tho garden rind sat down by my side upon the rustic scat. With 'his own. gonial smile ho' inquired after my health; hoprd that I was bettor—ho assured mo that I was looking so — or at all events was likely. . to foci no ill effects from 'my imprudence on tlio pre vious evening. He remarked upon the extraordinary loveliness of tbo day— the sweetness and beauty of Al loy Bridge grounds — tho bright kindness and hospitality of Lord uuu JJUU£' .JLI UU ' How contented and linppy they scorn together!' said Leigh; and I agreed quietly that they did — moreover, believed with him that they were in truth so. But wo did not shako hands together — ho nnd I. Was tho omission of tho act, I wondered, not without a paujg of discontent, due to him or to mo llis fault or mine? Again, as on tho night beforo, I realised that Leigh Eversleigh was not tho Leigh Eversleigh of the old Chesterfield Avenue nnd Thangnte days. Yet how subtle, how indcfinablo was the change in him 1 Hind, winningl'. kind, friendly and courteous ho cer tainly was; but, ah, again 'there was no mistakiug tho fact— he was cold and distant withal. , Very soon Mi1. Eversleigh pul led out his watch. ' I. must catch tho 12.25 from Arley up to -town,' lie observed thoughtfully, ' for old Mr. Jones, I recollect, is coming to lunch with me at my chambers to-day. ' Indeed,' said I chillingly. ' Yes. So pardon me, Mrs. Darkwood, if 1 hurry on to toll you what I have to say— what I came down to Arley Bridge ex pressly to talk over with you — with you and nobody else.' 'It would bo a pity to miss your train, Mr. Eversleigh. Be lieve me, I am listening; and I put aside my book and Chinese umbrella leisurely, layijg them for tho prcseut upon the seat by my side, aud folded my hands iu my lap. He glanood at mo keenly, and then said, without further pre amble — ' Lady Tracy tolls me, Mrs. Darkwood, that, if you can in any manner make arrangements with tho Lady Abbess, it is your in tention to enter the Sisterhood of tho Convent of St. Cordelia ? ' ' That is quite right.' ' It is a very singular decision,' miiRPfl nlnml 'Singular,' I echoed, with some thing like scorn — ' how so ? Am I then tho first unhappy woman, think you. who has grown sick of tho world and of life, and who longs with a passionate longing for that peace whioh the world cannot -give? It may not be ex actly heaven within those convent walls; nevertheless there aro to bp found within them tranquility of mind, hard, useful work, nnd, above all, a peace that is as the reflex of tho peace of heaven it self. I ask — I oxpeot no moro so long as I live.' 'It is a Catholic Sisterhood,' suggested Loigh very gravely. 1 1 know it,' I answered, as quietly and as gravely as he. ' Mrs. Darkwood, have I your whole attention ?' inquired Loigh. >Thc gentleness and' gravity wore gone from his voice ; his manner whb onoo. more prompt arid busi- tfess-like, but" kind as ever.' ' Of course,' ' I "replied with1 somo, impatience. I, told yori that you had a minute ago. 'Good.' ' An'd then Mr. Eversleigh pro ceeded to make clear to mo the errand which had brought him down to Arley Bridge. " ' It is an odd circumstance,' said he, with another glance at his watch, ' that I should have arrived hero for tlio purpose that I have in mind precisely at a time when you have determined upon tho taking .of so serious a step.' xuu Ottjr UJUb JfUU U1U bICIi. UIU world and its ways; that you long for quiet, peace, and yet not an idle tranquility— a retired life, in short, and a useful one ? I thiuk that I can help you to find what you now desire, Mrs. Darkwood, without your going to tho grave length of entering a Catholic sis terhood liko that of St. Cordelia.' 'You can — you really can?' I said quickly, glrinoing- at him with interest and strong curiosity combined. 'Yes I dare sny you have not forgotten our conversation about ltcd nights ; I -mean tho conver sation wc had about tho old house and its people when — when wp were.at Thangatc last year ?' he said, hesitating a little now." ' " Bedkni'ghts ? \ T echoed very faintly. ' " 'Yes, Bedknights — Daryl Darkwood's old homo,'- ho . replied," this time quite firmly. . ' Surely, you remeriiber.' . : :! . ' I — I remember porfeoty,' 1 assured him in a low voice. ' "Well, Mrs. Dai k wood, it rests with yourself,? said MrEyersleigh impressively. ' You can-should so please you — there, in the old homo of your husband, down in Buckinghamshire, for a certainty find tho quiet and useful life which your soul is at present yearning for. Listen .to mo— do bo advisod by mo — I bog you, Mrs. Darkwood ! Dismiss forth with that solemn and- uncomfort able thought of immuring your self within narrow, dreary con vent walls, and .bravely go and do tho good work that awaits you— at Bednights.' ' to be continued. " Wo need a now office-boy, sir," said tho book-keeper. , "Very well," replied tho pro prietor, "advertise for one. Add to the advertisement : ' One Hot afflicted with the stamp-colleoting fever preferred." JJ i.i_ ___ ' r> x iiis uuuusiij buys me pioieS" sor, "lays considerably, moro than a million eggs." " It's exceedingly fortunate for tho codfish that she does not have to. cackle oyer every egg," said the student, who. came from tho country. Hotel hoy — " Four hundred and Four says the steam pipes have burst in his room." Clerk — " Chargo him for a Russian bath." A Natural Bequest. — " This now soap," said the barber, " is very. nice. It is made largely of cream, with just a dash of alcohol iu it," " Well, remember I am a temr peranoe man,?' said Dobbers, '-'so don't put any more of- it in my mouth than you can help," 