lmvir. nnniv 101NANGES. At last night's meeting of the Five Dock Coun cil the alleged liability of the borough of Drum- moyne to that municipality in the sum of £2300, with interest, came under consideration. A con siderable amount of correspondence dealing with the matter was read. A hope was expressed that the difficulty would bo amicably settled. UDless this Is the case, legal proceedings will in oil probability be instituted by the Five Dock Council for the recovery of tho amount. A letter was received from Messrs. Bradley and Son, Margaret-street, Sydney, claiming, on he- half of their clients, debenture-holders, that In the division of the boroughs of Five Dock and Drummoyne, £2300, part of this particular debt .was adjusted to the borough of Drummoyne, and (he writers strongly protested against the con templated action in obtaining this money from the borough of Drummoyne and applying it to other purposes. It was claimed that, apart from any other liability on the part of the iorough of Drummoyne, that borough was cer tainly liable for the amount secured by those debentures adjusted as their share of the whole 'debentures. The writers also intimated the dis honor of the debentures upon presentation, as well as of the coupons for interest due last August and the current month. In reply to thin, the Mayor had written that the council could not allow Messrs. Bradley and Son, or their clients, to interfere with tho business between the boroughs of Five Dock nad Drummoyne. Tho intermeddling had caused a deal of annoy ance and friction between the councils interest ed. Till they were in a position to show any priority of contract between their clients and the borough of Drummoyne, it would be as well to refrain from writing threatening letters to tho Drummoyne Council. The desire of the Five Dock Council was to procure payment of moneys due to them for the purpose of liquidating their liabilities, and when payment of their debts was attained the Five Dock Council would he in a position to borrow money at a cheaper rate than at present, and so liquidate the whole Of their debentures and coupons. Notwithstand ing what their correspondents had written, the Fivo Dock Council was determined to proceed against Drummoyne for the recovery of the £2300 and interest due thereon up to date. To this Messrs. Bradley and Son protested against the council applying tho money to the payment of other debts; hut, acting on instructions from the Mayor, tho council clerk of Five Dock re plied, stating that it never was the intention of the municipality to apply the money .to the pay ment of debts other than those of debenture- holders. On the motion of Aldermen Passmore and Ghost, supported by Aldermen Nicholts and others, the Mayor's action in the matter was en dorsed. 