[ AJNT I OPEN LETTER | TO f THE HON. R. E. O'CONNOR, ' Q.C., M.L.C. Sib, — Yon belong to & class which Wants watching, not only because it constitutes a nuisance from its mere numbers, but also because it com prises some of the. greatest scoundrels unhung. The professional lawyer who plays the part of patriotic politi cian is to be found in every so-called civilised community, but in no other part of the world has he proved such a political plague and social pest as in this delightfully ' democratic land. A more rascally lot of professional prigs, social scalawags, and political pirates than the proceedings of our Full Court, in cases of *' Gent, one,' have from time to time revealed to the world, could scarcely be found outside the four walls of a gaol : hell would would be required to be raked with a very fine tooth-comb to match them. Yon, of course, are not to blame for this ; bat yon are a lawyer and a poli tician, the two most despised and distrusted professions, amongst honest men, in this conntry. There are able and honorable men in both professions, but it -has been said, with ss much truth as sarcasm, that there is con siderable ability and some honor among the lawyers of New South Walos ; bat among politicians there is neither. If this is so, a politician most be a men tally and morally ' cronk ' customer, notwithstanding that he may have a high and honorable reputation as a lawyer to the contrary. For my part, J believe, there am many able lawyers in New South Wales, and I have grateful treason to know that:ihey are honorable men as well as -sound law yers. Of the politicians 1 cannot speak so confidently -. my own honest opinion, often publicly expressed, is, that the Legislative Assemblies of New South Wales during the last decade have contained more shady solicitors and piratical politicians than any other Parliament in the whole wide world. The present Assembly is no better, bat worse (if that were possible J than all its predecessors ; it contains a great many more rogues and quite as many fools as any two \- previous Assemblies combined. * * * In such a calamitous condition of public affairs a man of your educa tion, training, and calibre has some chance of showing his light on the political scene— even if it only be a farihing rushlight, magnified by press puffing and sectarian claquing into . 1000-candle power. But -l am pre pared to show that, for various cogent reasons— personal, professional, and political — you are not ' the man for . Gslway,' either as .the coming states man or Premier-in- Prospective that yon have been proclaimed to be in the columns of a certain Catholic organ of tinpot Toryism. ? ? * But -before considering yon in your putative capacity of controller of oqr political destinies, permit me to glance at you qs a lawyer. 1 claim some competence for this task — and it is a task — having come into contact, not to say ..conflict, with yon in your professional . capacity in the Criminal Court, as well as having watched you in your Cabinet Mihis . terial capacity as Minister for Justice in the last Dibbs Administration.. In this , last-mentioned capacity, that , of Cabinet Minister, yon were guilty of -ft piece of professional presumption and political turpitude that would have disgraced a police court attorney.' Yon, while a Crown Law Officer and ft member of ; the -Government, bound bf oath and .-etiquette to watch over hnd safeguard the public interests,, book a brief against the Crown — Loa- the People— ^in .the big Government ?ontract case of MqSharry v. the Bail-, way Commissioners. To say the least Of it — to speak of it in the mildest and Jnoet moderate terms v possible— rthis was a red-hot, scandalous proceeding. \- - The scandal caused, .and the indig nant outcry raised both in and ' out of Parliament, forced you to return the brief j but so widespread arid intense tew tbe public indignation aroused by ' your conduct that yoir had .to leave the Oalriiiet and resign your portfolio. It is no 'palliation of your offence to say that ycm sinned in good -ewapftay, that of the Hen. Edmund Barton, ono . ther. political . lawyer, a Q.C. and M Ti ff like yourself, who accepted a with vou. on the aame aidftj against the Grown, while a Cabinet Minister with yon, holding the port folio of Attorney-General. The con duct of both of ..you was simply scan dalous and outrageous of every rule of professional etiquette and canon of political rectitude. -You 'Wfire both properly punished by universal public condemnation and Ministerial ostra cism. Your conduct was a .great blow -to the ^confidence :bf'yom--friends and a black blot on yotm political charac ter. A lawyer who acts thus is to be - distrusted ; as a ' politician he can scarcely escape contempt ; and most certainly such - conduct - stampB him as untrustworthy. ? * ? Now, with regard to my personal knowledge and opinion of you in your professional capacity, it was my un pleasant duty to have to lend a hand to the Hon. J. H. Want, the present Attorney- General, in. his courageous and public-spirited attempt, and snc cessful attempt, to break up and smash into 'everlasting smithereens' that unholy and hellishly hideous attempt to hoodwink the public and defeat the ends of justice, known as the Dean Conspiracy. I have no reason to love Mr. Want, who has been vigorously reaching for my journalistic scalp for this long time past, by prosecuting me for disloyalty, sedition, and other alleged heinons offences. Bnt I have good reason, with every honest man and' woman in Australia, to admire and congratulate Mr. Want, for his conduct in bursting up that awful conspiracy to cloak murder and to cover an innocent, outraged woman, whose life had been attempted by process of slow poisoning, with shames and public reprobation. I, with the rest of the public, had been hood winked and led astray by this cruel and crafty conspiracy ; but 1 did my best, .publicly in the witness-box, to make amends by assisting to bring to justice those whom I believed to be the chief conspirators, fou had the good fortune, or misfortune, to appear as counsel for the defence of Mr. Wiloum P ATRicx Crick,' senior partner of the firm 'of Cuck and Meagher. After I had given my evidehce-in-cliief for the prosecution, you tackled me in cross-examination, and in your- en deavor to do yohr best for your client you need me. somewhat roughly, and presumed, or pretended, to preach me a lecture on deportment in the witnesss box. Bnt I gave you a Roland for your Oliver, in the shape of a lick from the rough aide of my tongue, and had I not been restrained by the, perhaps, deserved admonition of the presiding Judge, His Honor. Mr Justioe Cohen, I'd have put ' a flea in your ear' that would have [tickled your tympanum . for many a long day and sleepless night. 1 didn't, how ever, blame yon for doing your pro fessional best to deserve your profes sional fee ; what I did blame you for, and do still blame yon for, was your scurrilous, yet withal special-pleader's, silly attack upon me is your address to the jury, when you demeaned your self like the commonest criminal bar risterial ' barracker,' by painting me as a species of perjurer ! How you did this -I'll show the public in the next paragraph. . # ? * According to the ' Evening News' of December 16th, 1895, you, in your address to the jury, declared : — Norton's -evidence must be taken with omtion. He was one of tlioae bright, clever, and he might say dangerous men. He was full of venom ana hatred' for the enemy of his life (Oricfc), and would take spy oppor tunity to gratify his malioe. It was clear that he visited. Meagher for the purpoeeof getting evidence against Crick. Waa that ; evidence reliable?. Was Crick a man to lie and groan over a trouble of this bote P He asked the jury to wipe the evidence of Norton from their minde, for it was a blot upon the Crowncase. ' How logical! Hour -lovely !! How Jiiwyef-like ! ! J-'JA-ftbow that this is. no distortion of your delightful dia tribe, under cover of advocate's privi lege, against me, .who had no right of reply or remedy at law, read this from the ' Daily Telegraph ' of December 17th, 1896 : — The blot on the case for the Crown vras the calling of Mr. Norton, a man eo full of venom and hatred against Oriole that, there -was hardly any atop he would not take to gratify . hie malice. While Mr. Norton should, have ; the exearatlon of every .honest 'man for the evidenoe he had given,-what was to be said of the-Grown whito-woon make sue. of snob an' instrument. There waa nothing in that evi dence whioh should be aooorded any -weight, and the very fact that Norton gave it would ' wipe it oat -of the jury'e recollection. ' He in- , stanoed oertainportions of Norton's evidence whichihe considered untrustworthy This is nice language for an ex-Cabinet Minister and Counsellor of Her Most Gracious Majesty, to use of a con scientious witness to a jury in a Criminal Court. ' Mr. Norton should .have the execration of every honeri man for the evidence he had given.' Should he? And, why, prayr Be fore you answer this question, permit jae to tell yon that 1 have never taken a brief er a fee enistt these who em ployed me, as you did in the case of McSharry v. the ' Railway Commis sioners, while receiving £1500 a year as a member of the Government ; that . I don't write on either or both sides, of a public question for a fee, as you .plead, or, are prepared to, plead, in .your professional capacity, on any. day of the week ; ? and I don't play Tory wbjle posing as a Democrat,- as yon do. Moreover, permit. me to say, that -so far from having ; the. execration of every honest man ..for the evidence I gave, I had then,; and still have, and shall continue to have, the applause and approval of every' honest man whose applause and approval are worth having, and who ? knows any thing about that damnable Dean Con spiracy; and 'what is .more,' I shall prove, on no less an antharity than yourself, that I deserved, as I un doubtedly received, the approbation of all' decent men and women for the part I took .in unravelling the Dean Conspiracy. ? .. . . # # * . Now let. us just glance for a moment at the part I played as a witness in that matter. I went there as the friend of Justice, and in the hope of being able to aid, if not save, a friend, one of the accused, Mr. R. D. Meagher, a young and talented Australian, whom I knew well, and had admired as an advocate. I' regarded him as having been as much sinned against as sinning— as one who was being made a scape-goat of by others. In this matter ; I never sought Mr. Meagher ; it was Mr.. Meagher who sought me, and gave me his confidence before he and his co-accused were committed for trial. He regretted the fact that he had not consulted me sooner, because, as he said, my advice would have saved him from being 'butchered.' Had ha come to me sooner, lie might not have been ' saved,' bnt I'll stake my soul that he would not have been 'butchered.' At the Water Police Court he called me to him,, and claimed to make me his confidant ^ this he~did on a Sunday at his own house at Bondi. What he told me convinced mo that there had been a most hellish conspiracy, and that if justice was to be meted out fairly all round, I ought to have the moral courage to state iu the witness-box what Mr. Meagher was perhaps too generous (Quixotically, so as I think,) to state for himself. How closely and strictly I adhered in the witness-box to the facts as communi cated to me by Mr. Meagher is shown by the fact that Mr. Meagher himself did not impugn one jot or tittle of my evidence, or contradict my statement of the circumstances under which he communicated it to me. Of course, it suited you, for the purpose of discount ing my evidence, to 6Currilously and in most cowardly fashion, under cover of conrt privilege, rant and rave and roar against me as a perjurer, when you knew, and know, as all the world knew aud knows, that my word or my bond was and is just as good as yours, or that of any other barristerial 'barracker ' bullocking on one or both sides for a fee. Your conduct was all the more chivalrous and conscientious when you knew and believed, and sub sequently declared to members of the legislative Council, whom I can name and produce at the proper time and place if required , that what John Norton stated in the witness-box at the Dean Conspiracy - Trial ' was quite true, and a lot more to the same effect. Now what do you think of yourself ?? What about the execration of every honest man ? Who : deserves the execration iu this matter, you or I ? Nemo me impune lacessit ! * * * '? V . Now, for you' as -a 'politician And prospective Premier. ' As a politician -yon are a truckler and a . Tory.' ? Yoa ; are hand and glove with the reaction- ? ary faction of 'Fossils,' who politi cally hibernate in that cold storage. Chamber of Antiquities — the ' Upper House. Ypu sit. cheek by jowl with, the Imperial' Federationists, and do the dirty work of Imperialism, 'while pretending to'' serve the People; There ; is not the scent -of a smell of the Popular 1 Cause about you -ftnd your ? career. - Your- views' on Federation are, for the most p^rt, unknown and uncertain;' where known* and certain, . -they are found to be mePely 'the notions pumped into you by MrC Barton, 1 your ' political * wet-nurse, : whose Parliamentary mouthpiece 'or echo' ybii are,. As an Englishman bom, and an Anglican bred, I can speak plainly to yon, or to any other shifty Irish shuffler - of your, sort 'without suspicion - of- religions prejudice or xacial bias— that and nothing more. You are an Irishman and »! Catholic ; but, from both a raoial ahd religions point, of' view, .Irishmen, vrbo love Ireland and Ireland's- cause,- have a ritrbt to resent tout conduct*- and suspect your motives. At one time yon were a Fenian; i.e., a Nationalist1; to- day yon are a temporiser and time server, a waiter on imperial Political Providence, and; 'in times gone by, 'would' have made an admirable' member of the ' Pope's Brass Band.' A few - years . ago) when - Moniignob Persico, the Pope s Legate or Nuppio in 'Ireland; endeavored, to pot tta-wn JTehianism, or Nationalism jh the form ; of boycotting by the Land League, by issuing a Papal Rescript, yoh -'Attended a _ public meeting in Sydney to denounce Mossignor' Persioo's action, and to protest, against the Pope's interference in Irish political affairs. What i6 your attitude towards Ireland's cause to-day? Only this month you -were invited by a circular issued by known and' respected Irish Patriots to attend a meeting called for the pnrpose of celebrating . ' The Hundredth Anniversary of toe Irish Insurrection of 1798,' at- which it was intended 'in - a reverential-' manner to pay a deserving tribute to ' the patriots of '98, ' some of -whom, including the celebrated Wicklow Chief, Michael Dweeb, and the braye : insurgent William Davis still lie , in uuhonored graves in . ? our midst.' You, the former Fenian advocate, sent a lawyer- like letter declining the! invitation, and impudently inviting your inviters ' not to raise any political questions - or make any disturbance.' A pretty sort of an Irish Patriot to be sure ! ' A pretty sort of leader, to be sure, for the Protectionist Party in New.Souto Wales, to which Irishmen, adhere almost to a man! Yon can never be leader of toe Protectionists, and; therefore, can never be Premier, for toe pimple reason that your Irish fellow- countrymen and co-religionists would never- accept yon .in either capacity, if ' they ' did, ' they would be renegade to Ireland and her cause. Mopt of . Ireland's wrongs and woes, and her long and infamous oppression, have been due to Irishmen of thj political-lawyer class; of which yon are a 'finished type, working in con junction., with her 'political misralers. I always suspect au Irish ' patriotic ' lawyer, who can make toe prOud English boast that he is a Q..C. Fancy an Irish Queen's Counsellor as an Irish Patriot ! It's enough to make Erin's guardian angel woep ! * * * Then, again, the manner in which ypu, an Irish Catholic, coquette with the Orange faction would be simnly comical if it were not painful. You were practically an Orange nominee at the recent Federal Election without any very vigorous protest on your part. It was your candidature more thau anything else which brought about toe Cardinal's defeat. Yon had toe chilled-steel cheek to make one on a deputation to the Cardinal to request him to retire from the Federal Elec tion — yon, a Catholic,' who were your self a candidate as the nominee of the enemies of the Church of which ' the Cardinal is the titular and revered and recognised head. The Cardinal very properly pointed ont to you the im propriety of your conduct in .tons attempting to coerce his public action. What a fine figure of Catholic con sistency you must have cat on that occasion ; also when yon accepted an invitation to attend the Public Schools . Jubilee Sports Demonstration at Moors Park, to which all Protestant but no Catholic- school children bad been' in vited. Yes, yon are a fine sample of an Irish-Catholic Patriot, Mr. R.. E. O'Connor, you- are, by God ! Why, yon owe your position as a mem ber of Parliament -. in the Upper House *to the Late Sir Henrt Parkes, the' greatest opponent of Irishmen and the most consistent and deter mined enemy of Catholics ever known in Australia. It 'was from him, , Parkes, the concoctor of toe Fenian Conspiracy, the raiser of the Kiama Ghost, und the prompter if not toe perpetrator of the judicial murder of toe drunken madman, O'Farrbll, that you, an Irish' Catholic, accepted the title of ' Honoi-able,' with a seat in the Legislative' Council — from the .hands of the man guilty of O'Fabbell's blood and responsible tor the ostracism of Irishmen and .the calumniation of Catholics in New -South Wales. ' You remind me very much of a lot of other Irishmen -whose careers in Ireland have not prompted .their countrymen to revere -.their memories or reoord their achievements on marble monu ments. \- For these, and many other reasons I could mention, you have . no piare. -chance of being Premier of New South Wales than I have of beoqminjg Pope of Rome. An Irishman who cannot find acceptance among hisown country- men amd co- religionists caa eearqely become toe head of a State composed mninly of English Protestant*. Yon can never command the lave and loyalty of toe majority of Irishmen in this conntry : yon have too mnch of the political lawyer — toe Irish tool of English rule — about you, to find accept ance in loyal Irish hearts this side the Line. Yoa- wpuld fiad greater accept ance in Iieland or England — Dublin Castle or Downing Street. As a pro fessional Jawyer you npiy b0 a-U right; as an Australian politician you are 'doubtful ;? as an Irish patriot you are, take -my word for it, not worthy to rank .with— Dan. O'Connor. There fore, your pretensions to the leader ship of the Protectionist Party are not worth a pinch of salt ; your alleged aspirations to the Premiership are simply preposterous. You can neither lead' men nor fight them; in a political campaign or Parliamentary debate I'd undertake , to give a good account of ?you to my leader myself. -Therefore, be not puffed-up with pride cool the coppers of your outrageous aspira tions ; fall into line behind your .legiti mate leader, who, for ? the time being, is Mr. Lt.ve ; and keep in step with toe rank and file of the Protectionist party without aspiring, to lead . it, which you could never do even if you ?were permitted to try. » ? Go, as proposed and announced, with Mr. Ltne to Petersham to-morrow :(Monday) night, and there on the platform take up a humble position at the political penitent form, by frankly renouncing your foolish aspirations, and avowing yonr dirty little intrigues, and give pledges of good behaviour and -loyally for, the future to 'your leader, Ltne, and to the principles and party of which he is; until a better is found, the recognised exponent aud accredited head. On these terms you ?may find acceptance and recognition as a member of the Protectionist Party and as a possible member of a future Protectionist Ministry. In any other capacity, and on any other conditions, you would be an insolent interloper or a truculent traitor. Yours truly, . JOHN NORTON. ' October 16th) 1897. 7 r 