The Phantom Voice, A STRANGE CASE IN A PENNSYL VANIA COURT. Sitting on the verandah of his sum mer residence by an inland lake in Michigan, surrounded by his family and guests, the venerable Judge Wattles told the strangest story of his professional career. "Immediately following my admission to the bar," he said, "I was made prose cuting attorney, accepting the honor as a deserved tribute to my superior abili ties. But you must bear in mind that this was a good many years ago, in a little valley town of Pennsylvania, where we were hemmed in by the mountains and had few with whom to compare in the matter of intelligence or attainments. "In the criminal annals of the county- there were t.be evidences of a well-dis posed community, and it came as a startling sensation when Farmer Jen kins, driving home late one night, was beaten to insensibility and robbed of a large sum of money. Here was work for me and I went at it with the zeal of an ambitious beginner. Jenkins in sisted that he would be able to identify his assaliant, seen in the dim moonlight that sifted through the trees, describing him as a tall, well-dressed young man vYim a. uaiii jinjuftmuiie, uuu au angry- red star across his left cheek. " 'Why, I seed t.hat air critter, de- clared Constable Joe Huskey. "I klm on him sudden like yisterday when I was fishin' at Punkey Holler crick. Th' fellar war in swimmin' an' tole me he war just outen the city fur a lettle re creation. I'd know him 'mongst a thou- san'.' "By employing competent assistance from Philadelphia, we ran down our man, Jenkins and Huskey both recognising him at sight. A few days after the arrest and while I was working on the case, a handsome, matronly appearing woman walked into the office, introduc ing herself as the mother of the prisoner, who had given the name of Harry Win ter. She bore tbe unmistakable marks of refinement, and in a brief statement punctuated by convulsing sobs, assured me that a terrible mistake had been made. Harry- was her son, her only sup port, and she a widow. He was the soul of honor, and had never given her an hour's anxiety-. He was with her the night of the assault and robbery. They had walked for an hour In the evening, after which he read to her, going to his room at li. r was a phvriea? 7T as a moral possibility 7, have done the great wrong laid door. . Her story- greatly i 3 but there was the positive TTlt- tlon by . Jenkins and the constat.! atlca "Less t'ban a week !ai<-.r i ,, . " caller; a weil-drossed man ":'J,Vler with a limp, and who said' he m .'V 3 subpoenaed by the def.-3,-.., :u ' ';e<?a ter's good reputation. Uut"" ' could have surprised him m 7' " knew the accused to have a J-B cord. He declared that he 177 confession of that very eriim- ' 1 prisoner, who hud relied upon as a loyal fric-nd; simply j,( i 'i- had met oc-easionallv at p J. 7 house. This swept" awov ;n..'"nV.1,;r'3 that she had cr. cV.viA that her clinging lovehad'ov-v-'.'l. ,!ns regard for the truth. I gaii V .' mise from the cripple that he m1-' nothing tifi tailed to the stand 7 V,iy other side. e "When the prosecution had o- -,!-. fr case at the trial I was entirelv'ra;? Just after Jenkins and Huski'v wi sworn point blank, as I kir.w t V. ouM word reached me that there w,7 i, vate detective in the ceurr room who wanted Winter for a crime e wmiue' :> New York. This was help from an expected source, and 1 soon hud u tjr.f,,.. the jury that the ugly scar uU cheek was made by u man du'. ndin- his home against burglars. The) v.-iiTnr- a weak link in the chain of evldenC'th.. had been coiled about bin:. : " " "On his behalf the testimonv of tj-,e weeping mother made a deep impi-c. sion, but I was confident that tiii spell she had put upon the twelve n...„ in judgment would yield to the ex! de liberations of the jury room. Afi-r seve ral unknown witnesses had giv-m testi mony tending to show (hut Winter had led a reputable life, the man who had called upon me limped to the stand, and I must confess thai I rejoioed at the an ticipated confusion of the define.-. "But there was a most unnconsntable intervention. No sooner was Ux ,.,at:i ad ministered to tbe witness than a wics from overhead solemnly warn el llm m remember thai he had mad. sr.- r :.i pro mise before bis Maker to tell imAxg but the truth. The prisoner dropped h avjlv into his chair, the Jury nv-n w. >t , hite as ghosts, and the judge s; look about the Ceiling as if i . .h i- . _ die bold offender. 'Order in t r. u we? gruffly d em a v. led and tin; ,-rs- cd. The first material -a: m n icd was as to the ehurac :er of the t rhe.-aer, and that same phantom Yoke. t:,b -.hre from the r:ar of the judge, , i - ,j p-.e collapsed witness by name, a ; : 1 in measured tones: Ker.vintb.--r m ihs pains and penalties of perjury are inliieted in this wo: Id aione, hut :;n- posed through all eternity.' "The court whirled ..r'l gj.-p- .1 tv'ih a terror that bis pride sought vr'.-.iy m conceal.- An unknown drew! v.-r.s yi-.-n me and the jurymen vvi-re stray - with fright. Hard-headed and pr.o-;i. al oid farmers as they were, the s::p rs.i;io;i lilcLl J10.U. Id ill \JVM SI 1 -x 11 L clll'-l U,' ids, through generations was quick n-. d into life. But it was the witness who cringed and stared as though in the j.: of death. He tidmijted a bitter -..a-mity to ward the prisoner whose liberty he had meant to swear away, though called in his behalf, and wound up by :."i only swearing that Winter was a modo! young man, but that he was seen walk ing with his mother by the wi:r.--s on the night in question. "I felt the ground slipping from wrier me, but the dramatic climax va- yet to come. From an open door into on" of the small adjacent rooms hurried an ex cited man, with striking features and blazing eyes. He rushed to the prisoner, embracing him as a father in is hi have done, and then demanded, rath.r than requested, that his evidence might he taken. It was to the effect that he had been a captain in the Mexican war. that Winter, then a more boy, was a drum mer whom the captain loved as ,i fa ther; that when he was shot fr- on his horse in a charge the hoy witlantly fought back the murderous >irxi.ans till stronger assistance could come, ar.d that there he had received the wound which left such a ghastly scar. T.te im petuous witness even got in a smt-mcn: that there must be some vile conspiracy- against Winter, ami wanted to roniro t the private detective. But he l.-id appeared. Tiie jur.v acquitted witho ot retiring, and I thought their verdict a. righteous one. "One evening, some years later, whin South on business, I found time heavy on my hand and- dropped imo ,t pi.t . -- amusement. I was indifferently jntei- ested until that voice of the court r".'m, which still haunted my memoir, canic front an upper corner of the ltall. I c-'h. like running, but. turning to the stage. I saw my hero of the Mexican war. He tipped me a recognition, and later went with me to the hotel. Thc-rc under pledge of secrecy, he gave me the insiue facts of that mysterious trial. "The alleged mother, the alleged de tective, the alleged captain- ihc cripple and Winter were all members of a shrewd gang "of crooks operating m 1 'e. east. Winter had committed the rou- bery, and his pals had put up the elabu- rate sc-lieme which saved him. 'Inej- en joyed many a laugh over the manner m which they had 'done' the 'Rubco u'in my county. Winter was then do.vfe ® life sentence. ' The mother' was oeaci, tjie detective fled the country, and - cripple went with him. Ik' was one. of the best ventriloquists c- day. and had become a prolcssu-'- w-' made an honest living. It was his thro' n at will, that left us sinipa- . sylvunia folks thinking iiiat v. o h-u " countered the su pe r tea t u raL" 