THE SIGN OP THE CEOSS. I [By Lidt Cooe, nee Tbnkessee The Sign of the Cross is most universal and the least generally under stood of all the mystic symbols that hare come down to us through the laose of infinite ? ages. We are accustomed to identify it with Christ and Christianity alone, as thongh it had originated with them. Yet ten thousand proofs exist tiat it was simply appropriated to these just as it had previously been claimed by every great religious cult that made its appearance in the world. A distinguished writer, in his essay in the Edinburgh Heview, nearly 30 years ago, on 'The Pre-Christian Cross,' says: ' From the dawn of organized Paganism in the eastern world, to the final establish ment of Christianity in the western, the Cross was undoubtedly one of the com monest and most sacred of symbolical monuments, and, to a remarkable extent, it is still in almost every land where that of Calvary is unrecognized or .unknown. Apart inm any distinctions of 'social or intellectual superiority of caste, colour, nationality, or location in either hemis phere, it appears to have been the aboriginal possession of every people in antiquity ; the elastic girdle, so to say, which, embraced the most widely sepa rated heathen communities ; the most significant token of a universal brother hood*; the principal point of contact in every system of pagan mythology. That mighty maze, but not without a plan, to which all the families of mankind were severally and irresistably drawn, and by which their common descent was em phatically expressed, or by means of which each and all preserved, amid every vicissitude of fortune, a knowledge of the primeaval happiness and dignity of their species. Where authentic history is silent on the subject, the material relics of the past and long since forgotten races are not- wanting to confirm and stregthen this superstition. Diversified forms of the symbol are delineated more or less artistically, according Ha the pro gress achieved in civilization at the period, on the ruined walls of temples and palaces, on natural rocks and sepulchral galleries, on the hoariest monoliths and the rudest statuary : on coins, medals, and vases of every descrip tion ; and, in not a few instances, are pre served in the architectural proportions of subterranean structures, of tumuli as well as fanes. The extraordinary sanc tity attaching to the- symbol; in evergy age and under every variety of circum stance, justified any expenditure incur Will iii its fnhri nation or embellishment: hence the most persistent labour, the most consumate ingenuity were lavished upon it.' .;:'? What then was the original meaning of this symbol, or symbols, which has been the warp into which all the threads of every religion hare been woren ?* In order to solve this question, a multitude of facts are to be considered, all pointing to the same conclusion, no matter how grossly exhibited or how mystically disguised. . It is tbe sign of generation whether divine or human, the emblem of the ever-vigorous fecundity of nature, and therefore, of the life that is and that which is to come. It denotes the universal vivifying power, sometimes associated with the most obscene rites, at. others refined into a spiritual re generation, and- thus typifying a future bliss. ,Ifc :was coiMe£[aently adapted^to all sorts i&as;(f- -ajoutJiiiBSjns of men, and became%faint»era51r'ai life itself. One of the e'l&tfcst; complete types known is tl»e cruiansata formed like a T, with an oval or circlet, resting upon it. Singly they typify; |he nialft and female organs of reproduction j-' together they may denote ? goodness, hope, felicity, or the lif e to ctime. _' The crur ansata is oom monly found aculpturedon Egyptian and Copfao monunientt, and the mystical Tau symbolized 'the Lidden wisdom ' of the Chaldeans , of the ancient Egyptians, Indians, Peruvians, Americans, and of every Bncient people in both hemispheres. Homboldt found in remote Keunpschatka the cross- aid other rude remains of hieroglyphics, similar to those of Egypt. It waa engraven on the glass statute of Serapw, 6h tiieTralls and tombs of £ings. Planted on the fru8trum of a cone the 8iiBple;T represents goodness ; springing fr^m «; fiearfc pr oa the breast of a iof ^W^#t/3%i two colossal statues ^rom'i%Si^l^^dPiaiy:':*be'.;seen^atthe^ OBrittffil&sii;^ah^^n the hack^ o ^isttfthesamettign is rudely «ugraved. ;^fAf ivith this, whicV was the- conven tiojial, so with?ihe ovoid or circle, 'some- Hfflls ^Uedvjjie^jegg^vor the eye. It denoted the fen^s principle and covered t».^ T^tmenU' of the Ephesian Diana. ?^i^eBiisj'rM^i^tUi^^i^oiB^ temple all ihe' wbmen were bound to p^^ta-Aheifl^yes-ito li^hreUlip.'talk'/»€^Jutooirbir^^i'cll ^*^^s^^*|T^-^Si^h':;^ei1,^*S^ ! W*4^ was universal, that the Empire of Juprer was small compared to hers. As Ilyths, sometime, called her j daughter, she was the goddess of birth in Arcadia, was I*is in Egypt, and Juno ^incinja of the Latins Ilythd was a^so the same as Diana, Venus Lubentia, and Geeetillis, who arose' from the sea; -Juno was not only queen of heaven, presiding Over marriage and child-birth, the patron of sexual virtue, jand punisher of lewdness is matrons, but was also the goddess of all power and empire, and the' dispenser o- riches. '?'' . ' |' ' ''.'.; ; In like manner | Venus antong her various titles was surnamed Telessigama, because she presidea over- man iage, and Phallomeda, from her affection for. the phallus. I .??.-.. The ovoid form of the upper member of the crux ansata was sometimes dis played as a handle, as in the Theban catacombs and on a JBabylonian cylinder. On a stele frem Ehornabad, an eagle headed man holds the circle in his right hand, and. the tauia his left. In the ophite hierograms .which remind of an era of widespread serpent worship, it is depicted as a pennate circle, and as a circle is borne in the' claws of the flying Soarabeus, the, sacred emblem -of Pthah, and is found sculptured, from Europe to Mexico, j '.; ; : In a modified form and joined with the tauit is the oldest ensign of majesty in India, and is ' commonly found in the hands of Brahmai, Vishnu, and Siva. In Christian ^Europe it is adopted by every potentate, including our Queen, as a symbol of royalty,' whose coronation orb surmounted . by a petoral cross is nothing more than the embodiment of the traditional crux ansata. The Eev William Haslam, in his work ' The Cross and the Serpent,' gives a curious and fanciful explanation of these facts. He says : ' I have' suggested that the Cross was conceived when the redemption of map' was designed. I cannot doubt that it was revealed with the prophecies. \ ' It was in prophecy, as it is now, an inward mvstery, -bonnebied' witff a pK-'' mise. It was the ? sign and .pledge of that promise, and as such, in whatever sense the outward observer regarded it there seems little doubt but that. to the initiated^ it was a holy and blessed sign of hope in a fallen age ; and a phdge of the promise of light in a period of dark ness.' jfn another passage he waxes still bolder : ' The Cross was known to Noah before thp Dispersion, and even before the Flood ; and I will venture yet further, and say the Cross was known to Adam ; and that the knowledge as a sacred sign was imparted to him by the Almighty.' We may admire the enthusiasm which suggests all this, and which is eminently theological and clerical, but unfortun ately the patriarchs and prophets never once referred to the Sign of- the Cross, and the Hebrew and Samaritan Scrip tares are eqaally silent. They were, however, thoroughly familiar with it, as it formed in their days a significant Dart of all Pagan worship. , Of all its many forms, ' there is not one them/'.says the Edinburgh reviewer, 'the existence'! of which may not be traced to the remotest antiquity,' and we might addi nor the causes of whose variance cannot also be traced. The Maltese Cross— -the. battle-axe of Thor, originally foui- huge phalli carved out of the solid rock, but afterwards metamor phosed by the virtuous knights of St. John, or the Cross of St. George which marks the English flag, and every other, is nothing morp or ie3s than a Phallic, symbol. Bade, upright stones, especially those of a conical form, appear to have been the earliept objects of worship, by mankind, and their assistance by contact to piroduee frnitfulness is stilt invoked by nronen in many parts of the world. In evpry mythology the cone was the emblem of the mother of heaven, whatsoever her name, and every alter and high plaeb of hers was originally conical or j j pyramidal. One stone standing upon another, or inserted in the earth, represented a rude cross. The mystical tree, 'the tree of life,' was also represented in the form of a cross, or by the hieratic sign of the diety across the stem. Every circumstance pertaining to this was peculiarly phallic. When serpent worship began to supersede tree worship, the ophite emblems w«e of a similar nature. The serpent with its tail in its mouth has the same significance as the crux ansata. When, at a later stage of civilization, the worship of the moon and sun successively prevailed, Jind the followers of the sun made '.war^ppn those of the 'Great Dragon,' %anj of . i he old emblems Were devoutly , ' adopted and a composite religion was formed. ? And when in tho fnlnuon ni t:~_ Christianity made its appearance and developed) orders and hierarchies, it in corporated within itself almost every feature of Paganism, including, the supreme Phallic symbol,- the Cross. Erotic Christianity worships the Divine child, adores - Mary His mother, and practically gives the Supreme Deity an in ferior plate. Christ's wounds are dwelt upon almost every hymn with, per fervid ecstacy, and the Cross of Calvary is the foundation of faith and hope. To have inserted tbe Virgin in Uhje^ Trinity would have been to literally imitate the older cults, so the Arkite deity of Thebes or Babylon, a distinctly phalic one, whose will was interpreted by the Jonah; or Doves, gave rise to the Divine Messenger and Interpreter the Holy Ghost, the; Dove of ; ^Christianity. At all points our religion . afa linejally (descended from the older and. most ancient. We have' .our Tree of Life, o^ir Sun of Righteousness (uprightness), pur Cross of Salvation, and the hope ot an after life. - We have also a bitter aversion to the ' old serpent 'land ' all his works,' although we retain] many of the latter in our rites and cere.monies.( Tiie cardinal points of superstition have varied, and mankind have boxed its compass, so that at length tj^ey seefei returning to their old love : the, religidjn of Humanity and the worship (of Nature. We are becinnine to perceive that whatever ia good and beautiful. Possibly the time is not far hence when we shall not be ashamed of our bodjea witli their organs and funa dons, or/of any other -work of God; bat shall sea in all a Divine beauty worthy of pride and pnise, and shall again re cognizj as our Trinity the ; Father, Mother, and ChiW. - 