THINGS THDATBICAL. Say& Clement Seott in the London Daily Telrarajrfi of March 24:—" That earnest, hard-working, and quaintly ininorons actor, Harry Panlton, sails for Australia in less than a fortnight, under engagement to Williamson and Musgrove. Hie- success there is assured, for the Australians know what is good, and will appreciate this genuine comedian, whether he is acting on the stage or delivering one of his lectures. Mr. Paulton will probably lie away from England a year or more." The latest devil-play. " The Destroying Angel, " which we wrote of recently as in preparation in London, has been produced with some promise of success. Here we have again the devil in evening dress, acting up to his part of the Tempter, iu what is apparently an inpemon* and effective melodrama. It seems as though the Armenian opera, announced in Loudon, is to be an even more light-hearted affair than we anticipated last week. For the benefit of the golden yonth to whose tastes it is evidently intended to appeal strongly, the management circulates astounding details about the corsets of the female performers and hints at a uan-'V dk bai7i in which Rontgen-like rays will be thrown, penetratingly, upon the lightly-clad forms of the danseuses. It is to be called " The Yashmak." is * * William Terriss and Miss Millward have postponed their proposed Australian tonr for the present, the management of the Adelplii Theatre having re-engaged them for several months to come. George Mnsgrove had almost completed arrangements for their visit here. The long-expected dramatic version of Hardy's To.,. of Ihf D'Urberrillp* has been at last produced in America, and with great snccess. It is by Lorrimer Stoddard. Charles Coghlan, a well-known London actor, plays the detestable Alec and Minnie Maddern Fiskc, an American actress of note, is Tees. The play ends with a tableau showing Tess standing in the Drnidical temple of Stonehcnge, with the first rays of the morning sun bathing her in light, whilst the officers of the law stand ready to take her to the gallows. Mrs. Fiske intends taking * the play * to London * ere long. It must be quite a year ago since the theatrical gossips first reported a forthcoming " dramatic opera " by A- W. Pinero and Comyns Carr, with music by Sir Arthur Sullivan. This is at last really approaching completion and will bo brought ont before long at the Savoy, probably in October. It is said that although the opera abounds in comedy, the interest will be mainly serious. Meanwhile Sullivan has completed a new ballet for the AlUambra, tbe motif of which is derived from British dances and village games, sncli as the maypole, and so forth. It is to be produced during the Jubilee celebrations. In the cast of Pinero's new play. " The Princess and the Butterfly," there are no less than 29 characters, bnt Sardou's " Madame Sans-Gene " which Irving is producing, has no less than 40 listed in the programme, one of whom is our little friend, Brenda Gibson. Wilson Barrett has not found in " The Daughters of Babylon" a worthy successor to "The Sign of the Cross," the new piece having run only a few unprofitable weeks. * *> * Janet Achurch is, or should be, figaring again in London as an Ibsenite, playing the lead in " A Doll's House," "The Lady of the Sea,' 1 "The Wild Dnck," and " Ghosts," at a series of matinees early this month. In both Jones' and Pinero's new plays the heroines are middle-aged, if forty years can be so designated these days. ^ ^ The devil is having a busy time in London theatrical annals. Still another devil-play, this time happily comic, is announced, the author being Mr. George Dance, who wields a lively couiic-opera pen—as he ought to with such a name ! His piece is called " The New Mephistopheles," and Hose Dearing, who was out here warbling a few years back, has a leading part in it. The new American extravaganza which was successfully prodnced in London on March 31st, is beautifully dressed and gorgeously sceneried, nearly <£10,000 having been spent by George Edwardes in those departments. Poor Charles Ryloy was well spoken of as the " Bey." # * * A book of the plays—produced and unproduced—of Louis N. Parker, who is so far unknow n here tliongli highly popular in England, is shortly to be published. FIGABO. 'J'he returns of the International Furnishing Trades Exhibition, just opened at the Royal Agricultural Uall, in London, show that " articles of furniture in carved oak, imported from Belgium, can be supplied to the trade at 50 per cent, less than anything of the kind can be produced by British workmen!" If you can't get the CHAMPION because you live in an out-of-the-way place served only by an unbusinesslike news agent, don't blame this office but send to it, instead of abusive post-carde, a quartcr'e subscription. 