RAPPINGS CN A FEN FARM. In Tick Fen-so we read in the "Peter borough Advertiser''-a- Ramsey magis trate has a farm, at the extremity of which, far away from any other build ings, live a horsekeeper named Row than, his wife, iuld a bed-ridden daugh ter. The cottage is a typical fen shanty of wood and thatch, an: d adjoining it is a similar tenement, occupied by the farm foreman, Levitt ,and his wife. Miss Rowthan, who is eighteen years of age, and has been contined to her bed for nearly twelve mouths, slept in a room near the thatch, her bedstead rest ing against the gable-end of the roof. On Monday week, at midnight, gentle rappings against hier bed were heard, and as the walls are wooden the noise was more apparent. At first the sounds came in seulences of three and four, increasing to six and seven at a time, and growing louder as they proceeded. Then they ceased for a space, and recommenced more vigorous ly, until they were heard by the next door neighbors-according to one re port, at a flarmhouse 500 yards oft. The mother and father, at rest in the same room, were also alarmed, but for a time did nothing, thinking the manifesta tions would cease. These instead in creased until the "ghosts," as if angered at being pooh-poohed, became so noisy as almost to threaten a terrific crash. Nothing was to be seen, though it was clear and starlight, and the disturb ances continued to ring out across the fens. The rappings recurred at intervals until the advent of dawn seemed to drive the malicious "spirits" before it. On the following night, though at a dif ferent time, a repetition of the pheno mena occurred. Meanwhile the inmates, who had suf fered the mysterious affair in silence, had determined upon decisive action. On the third night the father,taking a loaded gun, went outside the building, but the rappings against the gable were renewed more vigorously than ever. Search parties were organised, but every one remained baffled. The countryside began to talk of the mys tery, and watch parties assembled in the cottages until morning. No timid ghost was this, for the pulsations con tinued whilst eyes were fixed on the very spot upon which the idvisible blows were given. The landlord's estlate bailiff, together with a companion, took pains to keep vigil in the "haunted house" from miduight till three. The noises were repeated with the greatest freedom. He drove back to Ramsey at three in the morning, admitting that he was baffled even in the cleverest of the theories he had in his own mind con jured up to account for the mystery. -Iundreds of people have visited the place, and solicitors, merchants, farmers and others from the surrounding dis trict have made critical examination of the house. The girl has been removed into the adjoining house, where the rap pings are not so audible nor so frequent. 