A WONDERFUL W0MIAN; OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERy. SBy MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. _ CHAPTER XXX. (Continued.) With her letter in her hand, Cecil \vwent uip to her room--that prettS azure and ormolu chamber, to which she: unst soon bid adieu. Tthen sht' opened and read Sir Arthur's letter. It \was very little like a lover's letter. tihougih lie wrote of their long-standing engage ment. and you could see I'e conscien tiously did his best. He told her of "I'regenna--of the alterations and decora tions he had pIlanned. He spoke of tihe day-very near. he hoped--twhen he would see her there its mistress. He did his best, but the spirit of love that would have warmed and rendered him .eloquent was wanti'g. "Anothei mistress will reign in Tre .'genna." she said, as she haid it down: "another, who, .wi'th all hler faults, will be fait worthier nmistress than I. She does not love him now. perhaps but she will-I feel it. Lord Ruysland will one] day have his wishl--his daughter wtill be Lady Tregenn,?." Shie began her answer without delay it was easy enough to wrirteI knoiing ih:bt.she knew of himn.:' "If he loved me the'task would lIjea adifficult one:. As: it ist houglhl he may .never own it, evenn to himself his ::rel lease will ISe: 'i relief.-'. -. ' ::.::: It was necessarily;' very long' letter" since it comprised tlhe whole stie or of the treble discove~i;-tlhe discovers' that ·iathernne Dangerfield s?' Lord Ruiys land'sa ddaighitei-tli discover that Siatherinie Daingetfield aitd Miss Hieroi castle werd:oiid ar;d' the samne IISh: "dwelt at length on the noble self-aboega tion she had shossn ii the erdlif all she had .been made.to stuffer of lier Pity, her forgivehess, her generosiky; of 'herlast flight and renunciation tastly she spoke of herself, tellinig lhim hbei own story, and releasing, himn friom: theU ir ranged alliance. ',- , ' SIn any case. even had we loved one an other, I would still have said this. ?In that case, it mighit hlarel mlent inbotlittn -been but'- a foath--\vo:btik. Iis boiund in liorior to say; khno?;in" hoi?'fat" bh: -'neath yiau-in birth I'i-'as. IsBtit isni form now. WVhen:?ta :Sir Artil ,this: letter is my farewell. I-: t?ean?it. You mLust not try to shake min rebsolution'? Y'ou do not care for me-ii-tihat vsas, I. \- new it from the first. miiilglit. have; 'gone on to the end: and ?doie you :nd: :myself the still greater wrong-of mairry 'tng you. The woman vouhonori v;ithi 'your hanid should love -you as ydou do serve to be loved-as you will:yet 'le loved, I foresee. Again. I entieat'you, do not. from any. mistaken ide6: of honor, endeavor to shake my 'resolution. It is not to be shaken-.'F:arewell. 'our wife I can neve; le--dour friend I shall be always. -. " ..": : ICECIL. Threedays :after, and the remains of Harriet Harman were laid in Castleford churcliyard. A new and nameless grave, beside which ;no one lingered, except her whom all the town looked upon as 'the Earl ofRiuysland's daughter. Why she should kneel by the grave of the dead woman-why she should linger there in the g'ey of the summer evening when every one else was gone-Castle Tord could not understand. And why from the grey slab at the head of KSathe rine Dangerfield's grave the brief in scription should be obliterated, and the stone left nameless, Castleford could not understand either. -By order of Mr -Henry Otis, who six years ago had put it up, this was done. -Mr Otis had returned to London with Nurse Hannah, to find Katherine there before him. What transpired at that first interview nbo one ever knew. The 'dream'of his -llfewias at an end. The day might come that would make her a wif, but never his. Perhaps Cecil :clive was not the only one to whom some inkling of the truth had come-that a feeling of love for Redmond O'Don nell had; in the eleventh hour, been her redemption. "I will make my home here if you will ete me," she had said. "Your mother has been the kindest of mothers to nme. you the mott faithful of friends, the best of brothers. I should like to have a home-the thought of a lodging-house ndl strangers is terrible to me. I am tired, Henry-tired in body and soul, )fth my long and sinful struggle. Thank EHeaven that it is over-over for ever that it is still not too late for repent ance and a new life. Let me stay here if you can-if you can look upon me as a sister, not else." -A year ago he could not have given her the assurance. He could give it to her in all truth to-day. Even such love as his must starve and die withlout hope to feed on. He had hoped against hope -all that was over now. "Whilst my mother and I have a home, Katherine," he answered, "I don't think I need tell you 'that home is yours. But surely you forget there is another who has a claim upon you no'. You are no longer a free agent. You are the daughter of the Earl of Ruysland." "Iam iKatherine Dangerfield. The dear old name that was mine in the days when I was happy and innocent shall be mine again until I die. For Lord RiEysland, I shall never Ihe more to him than now. He would be the last to desire it, and his pride shall never suffer a pang through me. Lady Cecil Clive honors the name she bears-I should disgrace it. I go my own way, forgetting all that is past. if I can. Nothing can alter me. Whatever is changed in me"-with a smile-"thle old obstinacy, I fear, will remain unchanged to the last." bAnd the day after, when Lord Ruys land-having found out her address through a private inquiry agent, whose professional instinct had put him on the right track-came with Lady Cecil, 3lenry Otis found she meant to keep her Word. Katherine was the least embarrassed -of the three. As Lady Cecil strove to speak and broke down, she took her in her arms and kissed her. "You will let me, I know," she said, "unworthy as I have been. Forgive me If you can, and let me be your sister. I ask no more." "Forgive you!" Cecil echoed. "I for give you! I, who for twenty years have usurped -your name, your rank, your birthright! Forgive you, who by my mother have been wronged beyond all reparation! WThen I think of all, of all you have suffered, of---" "Don't think of it," Katherine inter posed, gently; "I never shall again, if I can help it. Of you my thoughts are all Sweet and tender. You were kind to me when-" "Others who had a better right were lflt," the earl' said. "Katherine, what shall I say to you? What can I say?" "Say nothimig," she interrupted, hastily; "neither were you to blame in the least. The fault, the blame, is all ,With the dead. Let the dead rest. The day may come when I can forgive even her. It has not corme yet. You thought me what I was--an adventuress, and you treated me accordingly You did Your duty. Have no fear for me. The secret shall be a secret through all time. B'he world shall never know. Lady Cecil Is still your-daughter. For me my life shall be' peaceful arid harmlesn-at least, here with my friends. I think I know What you have come to say-it will be 538 useless to say it. Notlhing can shake mly Iresolution. I remain here. Lady Cecil !teturns oiilh you. WVhen you come to I visit nib. 1 will g.ladly wlclome you ; when: yuu a1re away. I ,1:ili hear from you. I hope, alid rejoice -i.hyour wselfare. \Make the stoi" known. take lher place. t'aim youI a-s iiy fatlher--T ne\er wpill. And the laws of the l-Iedes and Per sians." w5ith hier old. rare. brigi-ht smile. " wVere as reeds..tb be broken -comlpared to toy sill." Thlpe imonstrated they arltriedi they entreated. in vaii.. Nothing eo'uld" move hlr. -All lhould rremain as though Kilitherlnc Dangelrfiel indeed had never risen from anmong the dead. She would r:lmin withl Mrs Otis: th-ey return to hei oe-n eworld. "And .what will you do?" his lordship asked. in a broken-voiie. Soniething in hif g ~i'nd ireltmnciation touched him, as nothing perhaps in his \\\shnle life had everr touched him before. It won for hei diot else'she might never have won--his honor. his love. "-I sill .teach nusic--nibt a very haord life, aftet all~natid I will hliv~s sistl my mitlier ai-dnd broisiher-lAer -Ah; neser wcre mothier ifid brother in this world moie lovino::- more tktihful than they( And, as I said. you will come to see me sometimes:ldrnd :ou will try to beiieves this- that I.shallinot be unhappy. The k.no?l~ ge "thatl ani-a doing right -thai Ia am tonintii oef wo for tewrogs ofthe piast -s'll be thiaptinest. -in- itself, 'i- - ?..} ? The ~'i~ddrs~6 tdyt~isl~· Cecil :the clns utieglng of tbe:.?ail, wa-e alike it airn. Katherine remoalnied .There6 wasa smfile on ;ihe'laed sai she -vatched tliemidri i aseav--a simile tat madejh ithsjtt -erio'of old ? set daikilearnst eyes litnred last on thlie swsvet "isfer face :ofLa rie~ i~ns lache: ·~ii~ i She w~Yillc be happa ad :Sir~1Lu A tho a be any as tas -o lfearrinto lose-him - eLord ttuysland a nCihi aid ael their stately -:room at (Fenti'?':- St Jaimes's stieet, to find:.S S Arthur Tee genna;:in :a fever' of. impatienice ::'dit Cecil's letter: ssith an extiaordliinai 1 telligence, he hd:hadhuried up fDn Coini sill, :follao ved thlem to London, ?nil stood bfrtel wetiiilf9'i ziden, incredulous almost idigant.i?' --'''. Th:'Te .earl left. themt .aone he~ knea sshataedss to son%. ,, - ; S"It- is ?aill perfecitly treti.de"' liad3 Cecili tolo him; calmly ri Missi erndstle, or Ka=therine .D?iigbrefield a, :-'she chose ienriceforth-to- call i-her?Self C alas Lord Ruiysltiad's ,daughtfer.- :.She' herself-- But sa hbat dneeds..; o :repmeat that story? And lie was:afree--nothimi couild alter :He pleaded as thoughl.s had 'eall. loved hler. The story :nmade i io differ nce. to him-- she; was "'Worthy a ducal coronet. Let all the world know it, it isould be.the great happiness of his life to.makehers.i " h! hush!" she answered, wearily. "You'k?liosw it c-diii never be. You al'e all goodness, biut you cannot deceivs yourself nor mie. You do. not love me you never have. No-do Inot speak-r it is no fault of\ yoiuis only sehli'y fiy to make yourself believe youdii ?o o'ndl I do not love you." My p:ridc'; my ambi tion. would not let meiitell you:i before. To giratify theim :I is otild halivesiarried you. You desirse ettesi tian 'thit, Sir Arthurt If .I .were !ribait free I might, in spits of all yield to the temip tation. and acept your gepegous offer. But it i not. It idue to you to tell son I 1v?ve one frolm is h?om Ihave parteted for ever--one whom I ne-er expet to see again. I have loved him with my whole heart for six years:. He was not siurprised. He Would not ackhowledge it to hlmself, but a great, a sudden sense of ielief filled his leart at his freedom. ' "I think I must haves dlmt; suspected all along," he said. It is "- .- " A pause..- - She finished the sentence quietly. "It is Captain Redmond O'Donnell." CHAPTER XXXI.--tHOW IT ENDED. It was a brilliant April day. - That never-to-be-forgotten August, and all the bright summer, the yellow autumn. the chill grey winter months had worn aw-ay. MIarch had howled anid blustered through the leafless trees of Scarswood Park, and now April, soft and sunny, smiling and showering, -was here, clothing all the land in living grieen. The bright afternoon was at its bright est as Lady Cecil Clive took her seat in a rustic chair, under the IKing's Oak. her sketch book int her lap, the Ilicker intg lines of yellow light slanting on her uncovered head. Pearl and Pansy play ed at hide and seek along the terraces and through the trees. Lady Danger field, in the dreawing room, played i-altzes on the piano; and Lady Cecil let boolcks and pencils fall listlessly. and sat "lost in memory's mazes." Eight mnonths had passed and gone since that August day when Sir Arthur Tregenna had stood by her side at yon der sunny boudoir window. Eight months since, in the hotel parlor, he had pleaded with her to marry him--pleaded while all his heart was another's-plead ed. and in vain. They had met but once since then,.and then how differently! He had gone abroad, and resumed his wandering life. Before going, how-ever, he had called upon IKatherine-h most unsatisfactory and embarrassing meet ing for both. TVhy he had gone he could hardly have told; some "spirit in his feet"-some spirit in his heart. He went because he could not leave Eng land for years without seeing her. There was very little to say on either iide-a mutual restraint held them-the inter view had been silent and short. He looked into the pale, grave, thoughtful face, into the sad, large eyes. and Iknew more strongly than he had ever knoon it before that this woman. of all the women on earth, was the only one he ever had or ever would love. And knowing it he had left hier. WVas it not wisest? Earl Ruysland's daugh ter she might be, injured beyond all reparation she might be, but also she had been an adventuress none the less. He was very proud-proud of his old lineage, his spotless name, his unstained descent. No whisper had ever been breathed against the women of his race; should she be the first to blot their escut cheon? She had suffered greatly, but also she had sinned. She had plotted and worked for revenge. She had been an actress. She had been at the very altar, the bride of a worthless wretch. She had stooped to play upon that superstitious Sir Peter's fears-ti play the ghost. She had acted a lie, acted a doubly deceitful part. - And he turned his back resolutely upon England and her, and went wan dering over the world, striving to for get. But forgetfulness would not come. "How is it under our control to love or not to love?" He could not banish her memory, or the love with which she had inspired him, from his heart: The pale, wistful face, the dark, sad eyes, followed him, haunted him wherever he went. And just three months after his departure there came to Mliss Dangerfield a letter, post-marked Con stantinople, pouring forth all his doubts, all his scruples, all his love-a full confession. He could not be happy without her-would shelbe his wife ? Her answer was, a refusaL "I would :indeed be -uiw'iorthy the great compliment you pay me," .she wrote, "if I acceptid your generous of fer. MLy life has gone wrong from first to last; all the years'that are to comet will be too few for atonement. Sir Artltnu T'regconat's wife must be above lrelnroact. -No one in thle future shall lift tile itltyei" of seto'n, and say the last of :o obe lie e disgraced it by mnarrying nlo. It is utterly impossible, Sir Arthur, thitt T t?un he your wife. Dut the lknow lod.91 LhtI 1 ontce \ton a heart so true, so tn,,lb it ill br'ighitte all my lift."'' HI- had writtetn ttt her again, and she hid. :lnswered, geiftly, but with unflinch ing tesolution.: Again he wrote, again she replied.tnd' the correslpondence went on bletween them. During that winter long letlters trIomn every city in Europe Camle to Itie residtc(lett &f; 'Hen.y Otis. AntI so-they hardly knewt' howo--tlhey grest- to uttderstand one :usnotlte as they might ney·er·lave done else. She learned, as |he months went by, to look for the coming bf those pleasant wlhite-winged messengers as gleamts of sunshine in lier sober. drtab-colored life. As for him ls- how eageoIy Sir Arthur Tregenna received and welctntled the re plies, only Sir Arthur Tregenn:t lnew. Lgrd Ruysland had gone abroad. Tilher. was :'lwiys a little auseetortit and gambling at :11n -Baade den and Hom :Iurt-. To Baden and HIomburg the noble eirl went. For Cecil. her home was still at Scarswosod-)ecc'lsionallv doing duty as :overness: 'viee MIiss t'Herneastle, re signed :-In Loindon· Katherine's w'.s'a busy lifeo "Sheejltdsas mrnfy miisic IruPils as she codtid ?ttenidno? i slie wo.ked indef'tig abl. Her:::ei homii?:in the Otis residence wtdis;aeipeaefUll:,? a pleasant one. . N( mothet could-hase loved her more ton djeny: hapMrs Otis;' no brother hlalf so SMiasFour i",Otis. Shie had her forelgn letftrs lob; grsawing strhangely p reious,: 'and as wa?idr tnv. i.med iorta spring there vas a h sudde and most unlooled-for tisit t !roti eirtb atri ir ? In :I:the spring a. yOU~ln" !itt m' f-ancyV i'm~g"thits tuthosdhtlis of Ive.'" Well, not quitei'that, perhaps--Sii A thur's thoughts turnied lightly uppn u w thingse least ofalltllit:. A great -onging to see tii githeai hem;hdcarome upon him far off in Att:ica.•" All one white "Eastern nihtgit lieg h lay- aklie, i 'tcehing the :yel los.' stars ,througii the opeomioug of ,-his tount:' audtthinlting of-.her-" Nex.t, moto inhlie st-irted for.Eng!iind. " Aplli te: rest-his Jout;neyings by sea and l:nd wats buti.feverish dream:,uli tl-t:he ireality ram5. and-he wvas stand long. n·'ihi?t:Blthe.d"st'alngro'm at .?Mr s a is'tioiIin"?d lieaanld, and- looking in tb the owebt, eegt-a'ely thoughtfaul eyes. Was qhe glrowing Ijbeitiful, he wolider od; stas it only the blindness and glamor oif Ibv? or-?endi th. s Was mst likely was it the serene sweetness of ahnaltered life .shiinin? .thdough the deep -rtv eyts? Again he pleaded--again she refused., S"It cannot:be-it "iinot! Oh, believe itl and fort: m.t It is impossible that .I: :fter all that is past can ,voer marry!" ". 'lways th e past" he 'cried bitterly. D?o'les" al 'soior suffering, all your wronigs ,ali ypoir atoneeit go for voth in? "If I:can foig6t the plast, Katherine, surely you may?" "pYou foiget if now.' In the years to come you may be forced'to remnember it; and, as your wife, I don't think I. could bear that. "Am I a scoundrdl in your eyes!" he cried out, a passion in his voice very new 'there. "thiat, having won you for my wife. I should ever give you cause to re pent it?" "I did not mean that. I.think.nothing of yoJbi bi't What is generous and noble. If you replented, I know well I should never see it, if you could help it: but I think I should see it for all that. She who was once Helen Herncastle can never be Lady Tregenna." He turned away from her-such keen disappointment, such bitter pain, writ ten in his face, that her heart relented. She liked him so much-so.much that she began to wonder if the liking were not loving. It was hardly possible such noble, disinterested. enduring love as his should not beget love. "Oh, forgive nie," she penitently cried, "if I have wounded you! Indeed, I did not mean it! I do like you, but it is for your good, yoeir happiness, I speak-can not you see that?" "I can see nothing but that without you my life will go wrong--will be utter ly mlserable. Katherine, I love you! What more can I say? Love me in re turn, and be my wife!" He held out his arms. For a moment she stood irresolute-longing, yet dread ing to go. for his sake. "Come to me," he pleaded, "my bride -my wife! Forget the past has ever been-it shall never come between us! Come, and make the happiness of my life!" : And then. as he enfolded her, and her head fell on his shoulder, Katherine knew that. peace had found her out at last. (To Ibe continued.) 