. SUNDAY OBSERVANCE. SIB,-Boforo dealing with tho arguments brough forward in " Bible' Student's" last letter, I bop; ti state that it is no earthly uss referring mo to an; works outside the Word of God, for by theWorï and tho Word only, will I deal with tho subject, fo it is to me the highest standard, and by it my argU' monts must stand or fall. I hay* carefully looker for the commandment which ? " Bible : Student ' states was given antecedent to tho Exodus, bul thorn in none to be found. The only Sabbath re- corded before tho Israelites wera commanded to koop the Sabbath iu "Exodus 16," is God's Sabbath (" Gen. 2-3 ") ; but a command to man to keep that Sabbath, or anyone ever keeping or breaking it, is moro than I oin find before tho Exodus. Kan may infer, conclude, or imagine that it was so : but the book of Genesis says nothing about it, and until that command is found, the ? nrgumonts brought forward in my last letter, although com- pared to a hamel nut, still stand unorushed by the imaginary steam-hammer. I fully believe that had not Bin entered to mar God's test, man would still hove enjoyed a perfect rest in tho fcden of God ; but sin did mar the works' of God, and unused God's Sabbath to cease From that day onward we never hear of God again resting, but rather from the fall to the incarnation, God was working ; from (lie incarnation to the cross, God the Son was work- ing; and from Fonteaost until now, God the Holy Ghost has been working, x wouiu oxpreissi.y um attention to tho fact, thut the Israelites were no commanded to keep the Sabbath until after redomp tion was typionlly accomplished, nod they wer< brought into- relatienship with God. In referenci to the stranger montioned in the 4th commandment, God states that the stranger lias to observe tin commandment bcoanse of his position, i.e., " within thy gaton." God tho Holy Ghost records not theve words with A meaning. "BibleStudent" would lead your roaders to believe that I stated that the Jow« observed a different day to the 7th when Christ was upon earth.' My statement « as, " No, He did liot keep it as the Jow* kept it ; for they were keep- ing a Sabbath of their own making," aud »uroly they were. If Christ and the disciples kept tho day as the Jows kopt it, why dtá they seek to kill Him for works performed by Him on that day. Just ' tfhink .of the Xord.of tho Sabbath m Hi's grave to repair a broken Sabbath, and yet man attempting to keep tho Sabbath as'thought it were not broken at «ll ! It was man's Sabbath and not God'n. It waa a Sabbath without Christ-an empty, power- less, worthless ' Sabbath, because Ohristless and Godless form. It was 'man's Sabbath. It was no longer the seal of Jehovah's covonant with the seed of Abraham-as it was once and will bo again-but tho bsdgo of man's self-righteoas nasa. "Bible Studont " states the Jews kept tho day as commanded by God to bo kept, and it is Mr. W-and othor Christians who obsorvo ono of their own making." I hardly know how to nnswer this statement, for in his first lotter he stated that Con stantibo instituted Sunday instead of the Sabbath, and in his last letter, which lies before me, he states that tho Jewish Sabbath was observed by Christ . and His apostlng, to., also," for' it ÍB Constantine who first ordered rnnn to keep Sunday in place of the Lord's Day that Jesus and His disciples kept." I don't roally know whioh day comes to my share I so I muHt pass it over. 1 I wish »{rain to state that I keep the firet day o the week tho Lord's Day, the samo day whiob th Apostles and early Christians kept as I learn fron Act, and also from "Bible Student's" statement a above quoted. Considering that neither Constantino nor'raysol: are the supposed guilty party " Bible Student * ought to look woll ÏDto the ancient history ant bring tho rsal culprit to light. 41 Bible Student': states that the Jewish Sabbath was observed by tbi early Christians down to the fifth century. By thc : Word of God, I loam thut those of the Jowa whe \- becamo Christians kept the Sabbath Day ; but thc Gentile Christians, from the foundation of the , Church, kept no other day but the first day of the , week ; und I do not require to searob the histories of mon to learn how tenaciously tho Jowi»h con- verts held to Judaism; but I refrain from writing ' anything moro regarding this matter, but rofer your ' readers to the Aota, Romans, and Galatians,' where they can read for themselvot,. ?.* . I «tn required to believe that the ceremonial Sab- baths wert) dittinot from the Sabbath of tho 4th commandment, and that whore«» the former , was for Israel alone, tho latter was binding upon men before the Exodus and »flor tho Cross. This, to rm?,; fa "Bible Student's " nuiiu argument, and on its truth or otherwise the whola mutfor rests ; so I will Íust place it faoo to faoe with tho Word of God, und _ eave Tour readers to iudire of ita.worth : " And I Mose* oolled unto all Israel, and sam onto inom : ÍHear,' O Israel, tho statutes and tho judgments [which I speak unto your oars this day, that ye may learn them and obsorvo to do them. Tho Lord our God made a oorenunt with us in Horeb. The Lord toad* not this covenant with our fathers, hut with ss, who aro ull of us here alive this day," (Dout. {-13.} The seventh day Sabbath belongs to Ibis lovenant. " And ho wrote upon the tables the works of the covenant, tho ten oommandinunts.'' (Exodus 34-28.) So tnuoh for those who lived before th« Exodus, and for those, who ,Wore joined I' the sooond man, Christ. I refer your readers to Cor., 3-Í-14, s.v. lu this ttoriptura throe timos it stated that tho old covenant has oeased : vcr. ll, done away"; vor, 13, "abolished"; ver. 14,, done away in Christ.'" This letter, or minístra- la of death, os it is called, written on stone, eluded tho soventh day Sabbath. Owing to want limo I must leavo tho latter portion of " Bible.' infant's " letter to bo dealt with in a future issue,' «t in if yon will be kind enough to give 'an tuteur so mmih of Tour valuable anaoa.-Yours &c.; H. W. WALPOLE. A CLARENCE RIVER GOLD MINE.—The (np states: The London oflioe of tho Beacon Gold Mining Company, Bucca Greek, havo pub .oed tba following report:-"Toking tho aotual returns received from tho mine to May 31, and assuming a similar ruto of production for the month of June, the resulta obtained si nco the mill com Wo*d operations in December last to tho .close of fPHammt half-year (Juno 30J will bo: Tolal tons ore or untied, 3118; totul yield from the mill,: M oz. ; total value of yield, £18,440 ; total mtn ^litnllllng, and oitieea eiponnea, £91(54 ; approx! Jtoprotit, £0286. The average yield per ton of gcrwhed hus boon 33dwt. 18gr., and tho total ?**86 cost of mining und milling, and all general W*»*» at tho mine, has beou 47s per ton. Of. Sjtora, 26s p»r ton of ore crushed has been ox PJw in development and other works." A dividend of 6d per share has been paid. 