CURING OLAXTON. Olaxton ma tea bally of the work*. A Shi* hand at his trade and regular asthe clock, had been promoted to the position of foreman in the moulding-shop, vested with a little real and uueh imaginary authority. Ned had never been a favourite with any of the bands for a sonrer or more tetohy mortal never drew wage at Cram-lea Works. His elevation made him intolerable. It was a nine days' wonder at the works that so gentle a rise in the industrial scale ooold bare given any sane creature so in* ftated -an idea of Us own importance as that which. Ciaxton possessed after being raised to the position of foreman. He was one of those ,who believe that authority is meant to be exercised, so was vrry prodigal in his use of such as lay in his hands. i The 'prentice-boys abhorred bio, whilst the older men would have disdained to kick him. Hs was snappish and overbearing, without a thought save that of getting the work out of hand as quickly and cheaply as be could. And in this, it may be chronicled as matter of fact, that he was less successful than old Dave Maitland, who preceded him, or young Bob Crewdson wl o followed him. Both were quiet and methodical, but the mouldiog>sbop prospered under each of them.: Ciaxton wasn't always a bul'y. Before he gave the job up he changed, and it was Bob Crewdson who changed hire. • Bob's treatment nearly gave Ciaxton his final promotion—or degradation. But that's the story. Bob was a strapping young fellow o! twentytwo, smart and steady, with a bead full of technical scLool, and an impressil le desire to get on. He bad served bis time at the Crane* lea Works, and bad laid -.n<s of. the proprietors under a d< bt of graUtudo to bim, so was regarded as being peculiarly " veil in with the mahageni(nit- How Bob had done himself a good turn was by saving the life of Norman Westleigh, m o* Charles Norman Westleigh, one of the proprietors snd managing directoi of the works. Norman, a frolicsome iad ol nineteen, was in the fitting*ahOp learning the business. Bob and he had become attached ts each other. One hot July afternoon Norman had slipped out to have a dip in the works reservoir. He was a poor swijfamer, snd «ftei swimming into deep water became exhausted. His cries for help brought the hands out of the moulding- shop en matte. Seeing<* head in the reservoir, Bob Crewdson dashed into the watei and after a btird struggle deposited Norman Westleigh on th bank, more dead than alive. For which action Charles Notmsn Westleigh sad his son were ever after grateful. The attachment between Bob and Norman frew stronger. Generous tea Iruo-hesrted, Bob Crewdson detested Ciaxton " He's a disgrace to the works." he would say. " If I were prineipal I'd ulear him in twenty minutes" Ciaxton lea rued of the mutinous thoughts and 'feelings which possessed Bob Crewdson* and wo aid gladly have kicked bim out of the place. But Claxton's authority fell short of any summary execution or disrating of Crewdson. And each of them knew it. . The latest addition to the large staff of the • Craneles Works wis a wisp of a boy named j Peter. He was a wee, blue- eyed laddie, With hair aB soft snd light as flax, and, according to the best information to hind, was nobody's child. He was 13, had come out of an orphanage, and was living with an old womsn whose principal Brans of livelihood was an oldfashioned and creaky mangle. Peter had come into the works to make bis living, like a man. Ciaxton bullied the boy until' he oried ftom sheer bewilderment. One cold siad stordi^r day Ciaxton sent Peter out for his own dinner. On getting back, Peter tripped ovef^an iron bar which lay on the floor ->t the mofilding-shop, and in an instant Claxton's dinner minglfcd with the black sand and the fragments of the plates which bad contained it. A loud laugh broke involratarily from the men as they observed the disaster, and three of them ran to the aid of little Peter. Ciaxton grew black as thunder. Storming at the lad for being a clumsy young; fool be administered to him a heavy cuff whiclj stretched htm a seoond time on the sand. ••'Bre," he growled. "Go right back to my house and bring some more dinner, and let me see you throw that away and III sack yon. Gkj on, you little fool I" • It was raining hard. Peter who had on but* thin slop " jacket, hobbled away, rubbing his. leg. Three quarters of an hour later he hobbled back again with the fresh dinner, wet to the skin. At night the lad went home chilled to the marrow, took to his bed, and remained in it for nearly a month, tenderly cared for by the old mangle woman. .. •• The scaup wants shooting for treating tht kil in that way," said Bob Crewdson, learning gut liMle Peter was at home struggling »Mj tever brought on by exposure to the rain. "I'll pay him off for that somihow, or my name isn't Crewdson," he added savagely. At half-past five o'clock that night Bob Crewdson and Norman Westleigh were observed in subdued conversation in the engine-house. Crewdson was explaining something to Norman, the youth occasionally interrupting him with s query or objection upon some point,and Crewdson pausing to argue or make tbe matter plain. By six o'clonk a scheme, mutually approved of, had been devised. " I wouldn't like to get the scoundrel the 'ssck,' though he deserves it," said Bob Crewdson,as they were on the point of parting for tb« nignt. - ne n oe quits wits nun, though, see if we're not/ i Like most bullies, Ned Ciaxton was at heart an arrant coward. It was tbe knowledge of this that led Bob Crewdson to determine almost to " ftighten the life out of him." for his harsh treatment of tho hands in general, and of little Peter in particular. , It was six o'clock on the morning but one after Crewdson and Norman Westleigh had plotted together in the engine-house. Ned Ciaxton bad just entered tbe works with a consequential air. Bob Crewdson, hands in pockets, and Uie very picture of nonchalant indifferenre, approached him. " Gond morning, tied,'' said Bob airily. | " Momin'," growled Ciaxton, casting a contemptuous look on the young moulder. Bob Crcwdton started back, HU bands rose before him as a look of alarm overspread bis face. " Wbat's to do with yon f said Ciaxton gruffly, with an oath. •• Good heavens ! What's the matter with you, Ned P " exclaimed Crewdson, gssing with 1 a startled took into Claxton's eyes. Ciaxton turned pale. " Wha—what's to do f* he asked, with terror in tone and features. " Why—you're like a corpse, man. Oo andj look in the glass in the office. What's tbe mat-j ter with yon ? " Nowt as I know of," camo a shaky reply,) as Ciaxton, now hardty able to walk steadily^ passed on. Approaching the moulding-shop he encoun-4 tcrcd Jake Grainger, a moulder. Jake stopped j st«pped backward, and stared into Claxton'4 face, with a look of blank astonishment. •• Wbat's up ? " asked Ciaxton hardly able taj aiticulate a word. " Are you bad, Ned ? " was the answer, with simulated concern. " Not as I'm aware of. Why P" " You look more fit for bed than work. If I were you I'd see the doctor. Man ! You are white as a sheet." Grumbling an incoherent something, Ned Ciaxton staggered on. Work had started.' Ciaxton had ocoaaion to go to the engine-house. Harry Redfern tbe driver was cleaning up, after oiling and starting the engine. He turned as Ciaxton entered,and immediately .cast upon him a look of amazement. What's tbe matter with you, Ned P" he asked, gazing intently at Ciaxton. " Nothing. Why P" came the answer, as Ciaxton struggled hard to keep • brave front under this third attack. " You do look bad. You're as pale as death." Am IF' retorted Ciaxton, breaking down again. " You are that. If I were yea I would go home snd go to bed. There's summat on you. Nowt like taking a thing of that sort in time." Ciaxton thought so. Muttering an incoherent reply, with a cursory glance round the place he passed out again. He was inexpressibly miserable. Something must be the matter with him ho thought. Something was the matter witb^ him. He could feel it. After an aimless walk around the works, he arrived at the fitting-shop. He had no immediate business there, yet he entered and looked around Tbe hands were at work, 1 Norman Westleigh had started and saw; bim as he came in. As Ciaxton neared, Norman stopped his work and went towards him. " Ne—d ! " exclaimed Norman in alarm, " What in tbe nam* of goodness has come over you P You arc as pale as death, are you ill P 'I " Only mvldling like this morning," was tbs answur. " Yon do look bad. I'd see the doctor at once if I were you. Doesn't be look bad ? " Tbe query was addressed indefinitely to the men near. " He does that," was tbe reply of voices in unison See the doctor," said Norman Westleigh, with a penetrating gaze into Claxton's face. I—I mean to," was the reply, as Ciaxton turned from the fitting-shop, He could stand no more of :t. A moment later he re-entered the fitting-shop and staggored up to Norman Westleigh. 1 '-!'•«I?1Mb9me,"hejtld, insbaky tones. Tt.lt them l'si HI, will yoo, Norman ? * « I'll tell them," said Norman, lowering his head to bide the twinkle which was playing in his eya. Before Ciaxton rcached the door of the works he was stopped by a fireman. "Whalever'sthc matter with you, Ned P You look as pale as a ghost," was %be salutation. 6 " Bad ! " was the answer. 4 Going homo, bad." Ciaxton passed out, went home and to bed, snd ordered his wife to bring tbe doctor immediately. His pale, anxious lace was » sufficient answer to ber look of inqoiry. His wile hurried away. In an hour tbe doctor stood by Claxton's bedside. That tht re was something wrong with tbe man the doctor felt convinced when he had finished his examination. ' 'wlaxton truthfully reported that he felt too ill to talk or eat or do anything. As so the precise .nature of the ailment the doctor was as ignorant as a child. So he prescribed a simple medicine, gave a number of wise, hygienic instructions and took his departure. On tbe following Friday Normau Westleigh entered tbe moulding - shop at thr« o'clock in tbe afternoon in a slate of high excitement. Walking up to Bob Crewdson, jie motioned to him to come outside. Bob accompanied him to a quiet corner of the works. " Bob," jsaid Norman, with cnteigned concern, " what in Yieaven's name are we to do P Claxton's dying. It's a fact. They've just sent down to the office to say so. We've frightened him to death." " Bosh 1" exclaimed Crewdson scornfully. " fit's true as gospel. He's worried lifmself to pieces. He's dying. Th«sy don't know what to make of it, only that he's ill and about done for. If he dies and it gets out, we're in for mrnslaughter. Do you understand ?" " Get me his address, and tell them I've gsne up to see bim. I'll make that all rijfbt," said Crewdson confidently. An hour later Bob Crewdson stood by tho bed-side.of Ned Ciaxton. For once Bob was alarmed. 'Ciaxton appeared to be dying. "Ned l"be exclaimed, grasping the sick man's hand. " have done with this fooling. You're no more ill than I am. Telling you you were ill was all a ' put-up job.' ,We did it to pay you off for- being so snarly and brutal with little Peter. Xou wanted flogging, you mean scamp. Now turn out and come to work, and behave yourself like a man. You're as well as I am." ; Bob Crewdson told tbe whole story to Mrs ! Ciaxton and Mrs. Ciaxton told it to tbe doctor.. The doctor looked grave, and then rated Clax-j ton soundly for being a fool. Whereupon Clax-; ton commenced instantly to get better for very! spite and perversity. \- On the following Monisy morning Ncdj Ciaxton turned up at tbe woiks at the custom-; ary hour. He was changed both in looks andj manner. The knowledge that he would there-, after be the laughing-stock if the Craneleaj Works was an intolerable burden to him. Every; vestige of tyranny had bc^n eradicated from him, and be might have worked on bravely until be had made by- gones by-gones, and lived down the old and bad record, and the laugh had spent itself. &pt; tbe sight of little Peter,' more fair and frail than ever, coming feebly. Into tbe works a fortnight later was too much!' (or him. I " I'm going. I cant stand no more of it,": he said as be rushed into the tffice,m»de a briefj communication to the timekeeper, and then slunk away to the rear of the works. They saw him no more. Bob Crewdson waij put in charge of the moulding-shop, and littlij Peter was taken into tbe office. To-day Rob is the trusty manager of Cranelea Works, a clever, practical scientist, good-' bfcatteHTand respected by 1,500 men. Peter is assistant cashier, and may some day be^—but that's another story. 