[?] SrEoui"AbdMhiia5H.j' '' ' i ISfSS-t;' By MARY ALBERT, Author of "Tho Luckiest Hun in tho World," "Tho Bride of uDity," "Brooke ..) . Fitiohloy's Daughter." "A Hidden' Terror," " Doliu's Story," . . .. 7 "Tito Sltolllng of the Peus," &'o., &o;, Y -. CorrwoHXtJ 'itf&j-T.;': . '/ ir ICHiSlPTEB XXIII.— ( Contiiwd.) 7 LL at once tho kooper unci Ehfff'-'.W Martin alike eutne to u suddon standstill. ' 'Did you hear it, sir?' vV ' ' asked Jennings, iti a startled ?):.voico; . .. ,. Sy. ' Yes,' replied Martin, catching his 7, breath, ! nnd it sounds as it it was some 7 'child in pain.' ' ' . v V ' That's wliat I tninfc, sir. v '.There , it is figfiin,' cried Martin, ; much disturbed. But where does the : sound como from? From tho bushos — here, on tho right ?' ' No, Mr. Martin, hut from the empty -cottage, as I take it. 'But thero is nobody ii) the empty : cottage— no one has livod there for wis twelvomontb past.' "There is someone there to-night, though,' rejoined tlio gamokeoper, striding across the harrow gruss-grown strip of ground which 6oparatetl them irom the desertod dwelling. 'The moon, striking through a little spaco overhead, sunt a shaft of light into one curtainless window and across tho carpotless floor — quite baro of furniture — showing the clesolnte interior, which had long been 'left to tho moths and to dust. ' "What a misorablo place !' said Mar tin, pooping withiu. 'Hark, sir,' rojoincd the keeper. 'Did you hear anything?' ' I thought I did, hut not a ory.' ' Let mo come where you are 6tand- ' ing, Mr. Martin. 1 am taller than you,- and I can" see in better,' said tl\o keeper. Martin immediately shifted his . place, and no sooner had Jennings . stopped into it than he clutohod the hoy's arm in tho violenco of his agita- tiou, calling out in au awe-stricken tone : ' I see something movo, Mr. Martin ; and it is a littlo child — there, on the floor, in that corner.' ' My God !' gasped Martin. ' How " can wo got in ?' ' I'll sec about that, sir.' And with ono well-directed blow ho smashed a pane of glass, unhasped the rusty fas tening, throw up tho snsh, and was in the room tho nest moment. Martin following. Then they both heard a painful sound — tho moan of a little child. Tho keeper, who always carried a box of fusees, instantly struck, a light, and he and Martin alike stood for an instant ' transfixed by amazement and by strong . emotion at tho sight before them. Then i Murtin sprang forward, and raised tho child in his arms, crying out iu piorcing tones, ' Basil ' Basil !' ' Yes ! Thoro upon tho hoards of this disused dwelling, but dressed iu tho dainty garments which ho hud ' worn when so daringly.- carried uway, under . the vory oyeB of his protectors, orouchcd the precious heir to the marquisate of Airton. Tho sight pushed asido even Martin's own grief for a moment— ho had found Basil ! But was tho child alive ? Yes ! yes ! for he moved, and lie had criod out,' But was ho injured ? "Was ho starved ?, ' Basil!' gusped Martin, hugging tbe littlo follow in his arms. ' Tiito me homo ! Oh, tate mo homo !' returned Basil, clinging to his deliverer. ' Yes, directly, darling Basil. You shall go hack to the castle to grandpa, But are you hungry, dear ?' ' Mo only 'ants to go home,' returned Basil, keoping his arms tightly hold round Martin's nock. ' Don't wasto no more time, sir. Let's , got out of this,' said tho keeper. Ho vaulted through the window as ho spoke, received tho child in his arms while Martin followed, Basil soroamiug with fear when Martin relinquished him, and then they made tho best of their way to tho high road. 'How far arc wo from tho castle lodge gates? Not more than a quarter of a mile, Mr. Martin, are wo ?' ' Not a stop more, and 'there are houses most of the way.' 'Como on thou, sir. "Who could ' have shut tho little lord up in such a plaoo? Thoy weren't mon, nor women either, who could do a deed lileo that.' ' Jennings, I think the child knows .me.' I'm sure ho does, sir. 'Tis to he . '.hoped tlie old lord won't die of joy, Mr. ; Martin.; : ' Basil,' said Martin, to the littlo boy, who was lying down in his arms like an infant ; ' wo shall soon ho at tho castle' .now. . Do you know who I am ?' ,s ; - Basil did not answer, hut put his ) 'litjle hand confidently onMurtin's face.' He knows you, sure enough, sir. 'Ask him who put him in that place.' ; ' How did you get into that house, Btisil ?! inquired Martin. '. , Hereupon Basil bogdn to ory, and V7 Mdrtih.had somo trouble to soothe him. .'7.; After tliis they asked no more- questions, 7 ..Jbut pressed on as fast as they could go. i.yliAnd soon the lodge gates came within / ; i sight, and thoro the keeper told his news &i;|in -two words, begging tho man to 7'accompnny thorn up the avenue. 77 , 1 Keep oloso to mo,' criod Martin. 77' ;We cannot see who is lying in wait ;;--r nhdor those trees.' , '7 .7.'. 'Hero you aro at homo again, dear v-' little Basil,' said Martin with deep 7 : feeling, as they neared tho' imposing ./-''entrance. ' PuD the boll, loud !' added ,he, turning to the keeper. : Jennings, who had a strong hand, 7; had obeyed Martin's directions vory v- Titorally, and had rung suoh a olarion' . that everyone within tho eastlo folt that / ' something unusual had occurred. "Was '/it any tidings of Lord Basil ? For nil v : the thoughts of those at tho castle ..centred round, the littlo lost heir. The price demanded had beon paid .for his restoration. Would he, even yet, Jn soino way bo restored ? ' But still uo one was prepared to see ;,.',;ihe child, brought home in this way, 7; without any preliminary notice, and !v -v clinging round Martin Lawford's neck, f'ltiio keeper, Jennings, following into tho :';$lii>ftj> docorated haU. ! - Exclamations, cries, confused ques- Vvtionihgs succoeded rapidly from tho lorvauts/' whoj oao 'ler te ther,. thronged to the entrance, Basil all the, time dinging still more tightly round: Martin's ricek as if he feared to be: carried off again. . , . : ! ' ' 'I'foiind him in 'the emp'tyhotthgo,' gusped MiU'tin— ' that is Jeunings and I) found him— twonty minutes, ago, aud that is all! I know. Lord 'Airton roust hp told immediately.' , : Tlnj; honso .stewui'd, who, hud flown upstairs,, was ut.thut moment imparting the news to the striaken nobleman, . 'My lord, there are good tiiliugs,' began he in a voice which betrayed bis emotion. ' Youhavo heard of Basil?' returned Lovd Airton faintly, .overcome with joy and fear. ' Yos, my lord, safe and woll.' ! , ' 'And he is here. I sec it in .your, faco.' With this the bereaved nobloman staggered to his foot, and guided by tho voieos in the hall, made for < the en trance. The picture which mot his eyes was that of a group of ugitated servants reuud Martin Lawford, from whom Basil still rosistod all efforts to ho separated. 'Is that my grandson?1 cried, Lord Airton in a piorcing tone, ' and is it again you, my brave hoy, who liavo saved him for mo ?' ' Not I, my lord, more thau Jcnnings. Ho did as much us I, or more,' said Martin, indicating tho gamokeopor, who had stood modestly in tho background. ' Give mo your hand, Jennings,' said his lordship. ' You and I will speak togothor to-morrow. Basil, don't you know your grandfather, my darling ?' _Then,_ at length, tho littlo fellow raised his bond from Martin's neck, and recognising that it was indeed his dot ing grandfather who spoke to hira, gave a cry, and strotohed out his arms. And tlion only did tho child appear to realise that ho was at home again. ' Take Mr. Lawford to tho library,' said Lord Airton, as lie carried Basil upstairs to his grundmotlior, who had just beon told tlio "good news by hor maid. And out into tho village, nnd thenco from houso to house, tho tidings flow, whilst thoso to whom Basil was now so dear wore tremblingly asking tbomselves whether tho hoy, so mys teriously given back to. them, had suffered any harm.- The littlo follow was pale, and wore tho look of a frightened child, but other wise ho did not seom injured. , Nor had ho boon starrod or ill-treated, and whou Basil's nurso, rousod by the nows that hor charge had been brought home, roso from hor sick bed and tottered into tho nursery, tho littlo boy cried out ' Nursio ! ' and nestled in her arms; In a moment ho had been - snatched from themj. and in a moment restored, but tho effects of tho formor cruel deed would long ho felt in the Airton house, hold. _ 'Wait for me, Jennings. I'll just hear what Lord Airton . wishes to ask mo, and thon como away directly,' said Martin, , as he was about to he conducted to the library. But ho was not destined to sloop at Mrs. Tiinmins's that night, for whon Lord Airton rejoined him, and Martin trying to toll his talo hurst into tonrs, saying that his sister Dannie was dying and that ho was to start by 10 o'clock next morning to bid her farewoll, Lord Airton interposed. ' You will stay nt tlie eastlo, my dear boy, and loavo by tlio 6 o'clook train ; my man will accompany . you and seo you safo. -He always acts as courier for me.' ' But, my lord, indeed I can go nlono ; I will not tux your kinduoss iu this way,' stammered the hoy. 'Aud, in fact, I have to wait for funds till the hank opens. You' seo, toy father and roothor aro abroad, mid I am following without waiting to write first.' ' I understand ; hut, indeed. I shall have my way this timo. My. man, Dnrford,. will be your convoy, and you will start ut six. . Now hero, are funds — what is this botween'you and mo ? ' Ho would not hoar anothor protest from the afflicted Martin, who took leavo of Jennings at tho hall door, after hastily , explaining, matters with much effusion, whon the keeper wont home,' whistling softly (as ho always did whon much moved), and Martin wus conducted to a lofty, bed-chambor, not at all in tho stylo of Mi's. Timmins's best room. At six noxt morning he started, iu compuny with Darford, for tho con tinent. : ' CHAPTER XXIV. At Mahskillks. Evorytbing being thus smoothed for him, Martin found himself at.: Marseilles as soon after as it was possible to roach that part, for, "it1 is needless to say,.- ho and his very useful ' companion, Dar ford, travelled on through ' the noxt night. Some slight breakdown on the rail way had necessitated a . brief stoppage here, Martin all tho time-consumed by anxiety to got on to Cannes, whore Emmie thon was. He took no hood of the unwonted sights whioh- 'othorwise would havo claimed his interest ; to reach Emmie, his dying sister, without tho loss of u moment, was hiis heart's ory. ' Will you walk a little way, sir? ' asked Darford. ' I am sorry : there is not time to conduct you to the grand promenade, which is three miles long, and yon would got a view of the sea and of the islands.' ' But wo must not risk losing the train,' replied tho boy,. anxiously. ; 'I will take care that you do not, sir.' Martin, who hrid sunk upon a seat, now rose and looked about him vaguely; seeing without realising what was around him, because of the one thought always beating at his heart, that Emmie waB ill, dying, and that ho might not he in timo to see her; dying when she might have been well and happy if she had not been separated from Leigh. That was what was killing herj she hail ./not- strength .to go ; on i living ' now that he was -dead; ' ; , ' / ! : -Darford, watehing liim,' notod tho sorrow ou his face, and .wishing to change the /current of / the; lad's ideas began to make remarks on tho porsons near tlicm. 7 V 'Ah, sir, 'this place is as- busy a highway as oyor. is London hridgoi', said he ;".' sonio "c'qffliug,' (/others goingj 'all day long.! . . -. ' Yes, '.replied Mnjtin, ahsently. '"'Tis wonderful hp w many foreigners ono mocts here,1 continued Darfowl, I and how maiiy. of our countrymen como lioro.- What a: mixture: 'of French aud English and Arab's thoro are round us now, but tho first glnn'ce'gonerally tells tho ' Englishman from the foreigner. There is one going home! I fauey— and —and -' ' "The man/ Broke oft in , so queor a manuor that Martin's' - attention was rousod by it, .anil ho lookod him qucs- tioningly in the face. . .'Do.. you know him, Darford,! -asked Martin. : ' < " ' 'Do you- -know hiju, v- sir.?' returned Darford in a strangely sliukon' voico. s Martin, as ho gazed at tlie individual ' whom tho valqt had pointed out, shook . with strong emotion. . . 'It can't bo ho, Darford,' ho whis pered hoarsely, olutehing the. vaiot by the arm. ' You sit here, Mr. Martin, and let me go aud sec.' . 'No, no. For God's sake don't let oithqr of us lose sight of him,' cried Martin. . ' Then come, along with mo, sir,' . Tho two mado their way through the group .near them, towards a shabbily dressed young man, who, apart and wearing the- air of an invidid, was apparently awaiting the train for Eng land. . When Martin and his companion got hearer to him, tho former graspod Dar- ford's arm, ojaoulnting faintly ; ' Dar ford 1 it must ho ho !' Then with a cry. which caused everyone, startled, to look round, Martin sprang forward, oalling out in a piorcing voico ; ' Leigh 1 Leigh 1 Aro you alive then ?' After which he fell baok into Darford's arms, and lost consciousness. 'It; is you indeed, Mr, Furrowes 1' stammered tho valet, Leigh, almost as much-overcome as thoy, faltered out that it was indeed himself! ' And they think of mo at homo as dead,. I suppose,' added ho. 'I am sorry to say thoy do, sir. It has boon too much for Mr. Martin.' Leigh was helping to support tho boy, weak as ho was himself, when Martin opened his eyes, nnd clinging to his friend, called oat again : 'Leigh, Leigh, are you alivo ?' 'You thought it was my ghost, then ?' said Leigh, with a faint smile. ' Now, we mustn't miss the train for Cannes, sir,' interposed Darford. . 4 The train 1 Heavens, Loigh 1 I am going to see Emmio. Sho is vory ill with grieving for you. I don't think she cares to live without you. Oh, Leigh, why didn't you write ?' 'It was impossible,' returned ho, in great distress. ' Martin, I must go with you. I must see Eiumie.' 'You shall,' cried Martin. 'I don't think thoy will prevont it now.' And thon tho boy burst anew into . tears, which roused tpjthq. utmost Leigh's, .fears db'o'ut Einuiic. . Darford again interposed : 'Now, sir, Mr. Fttvrowes's unex pected return may do more for tho young lady than all the doctors in tho world. I will secure a tickot for him. Wait hero,' if you please, till my re turn.' ' Left alono for a few moments, Leigh asked disjointed questions about Emmie —how long she had been ill — whether she had sent for Martin — and how. it was that sho was at Cannes ? , _' Sho came out with Margaret Thorpo- leigh, as she could not rocovorfrom tho nows that you had hoeu lost at sea.' Your return may save hor yot, Leigh,' cried Martin, a gleam of hopo breaking through his misery. ' Oh, Martin 1 suppose that wo had not mot here.' ' I'TO BI CONTIUUED.'l 