FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. 1897. From one big subject the Federal Convention has suddenly jumped to another. A number of matters were to have been disposed of before the burning issue of the Senate was touched. It was hoped Unit the formal clause giving equal representation to the states would be aicepted without demur, (he real discussion taking place on the issue whether the Senate should or should not he subject to some coercion or coutiol by means of a dis- solution or a referendum. That is a live issue. On it everything may turn. But equal représentation is dead-or rather It is ii secondary question. With a general election at hand In Victoria, however, the temptation to some mem- bers to play to the galleries is Immense, and Air. Higgins insisted yesterday upon going over the whole gionnd, just a handful of delegates applauding him. For our part, If Hie various colonies would agree to some degree of propor- tional representation in the Upper House, we admit that It would render the task of carrying the scheine Jn the larger colonies much easier (han it is likely to be. There Is a certain cheap and catching logic in the demand. But ¡t federation is a.compromise. It Is based on the free consent of sovereign states, who can come lu and who eau stop out at pleasure. Absolute and rigid logic is excluded. If wo want a federal ion, we must accept more or less the oidliiary federal principle as applied and carried into effect by every other federation, and we cannot hope to introduce a whole set of new prin- ciples unheard of elsewhere (ft the ex- penso of one set of people, who aro nowhere else exposed to the pioposed disabilities. When wo talk of federa- tion, we mean the federation which the world knows, and not the federation which lives only in the brain of air. Higgins iii Victoria, air. Carruthers lu New South Wales, and the Trades-hall, the Yarra wharves, and the Domain gardens of the respective colonies. air. Higgins was not thanked by the Convention for stopping its progress to argue the point. He burlesques history. Tho only reason, he snys, for the United States conceding equal re- presentation was because the British enemy was at the gates. The fact Is that the American Constitution was not framed until long aflor peace had been signed and every British soldier had boen withdrawn, and America was as much at peace as is Australia. Switzer- land, which Is the very home of the equal representation of the states, he describes as the embodiment of the other principle. Maoauhi.v's schoolboy would laugh at the passage. Germany is a more plausible case, and yet the Illustration is altogether wrong. True, Prussia has IS members in the Upper House and the smaller duchies liave only one member, but I'lii.ssin returns one senator for 1,800,000 people, uud the duchies return one for .0,000 people, and no such discrepancy would occur hero. What an argument it Is also to condemn equal Senate representation because the American Upper House has ripped up the proposed arbitration treaty! True, the Senate has done this; but If the Loi) cr House had had the power woulel ¡I not hnve torn the docu- ment Into a thousand pieces? The fact is that we have to accept federa- tion as we can get it. And the bulk of the colonies will not come lu on Yarra bank terms. They Insist on the ordi- nary, common, and usual federal terms; and, after all, is this unnatural? What harm have the other federations suffered by the iirriingoiiicut? Are they not happy aud prosperous and contented? A question of primo and practical importance is duo for Immediate dis cusslon. Hostile Hillway rates ¡ire, lu their degree, us objectionable as hostile burder duties. It does not appear that the railway arrangement- made by the Adelaide Convention can stand. Their true effect was first pointed out in our columns by Mr. M'Millan lu an explana- tory Interview, and the somewhat disquieting statement which that lion, gentleman made has this week been fully continued by air. Held and air. O'Connor. It Is now conceded that li- the clauses stand they will prevent Victoria offering her present preferen- tial rates to attract trade from inverina, but they will not debar New South Wales from continuing her long- distance reductions; and this is the weapon which she uses against us. It Is difficult to legislate against long-dis- tance reductions, because it Is a railway axiom that the longer the haul the lower the rate; and yet by pushing this principle to nu extreme New South Wales can wage a cut-throat war with Victoria for the Riverina trade. If she Is to retain her weapou o'' attack. Is Victoria to surrender hers? air. Reid has put the position as plainly as pos- sible, and ho is to bo thanked for so doing. New South Wales, he says, lins built railways into her far-away south-western districts, and she must get as much traffic from thom as pos- sible. She cannot afford to let them become mel. feeders of 'the Victorian railway system. She cannot alford to let any lnter-state commission say that local differential rates are wrong because their effect Is to divert trade and traille to oDe Dort, to wit. Sydney, viliieli would luitiniillj flow to another, uamely, Melbourne If Austi.tlla w,ill take ov el the Hues, w eil and trood, but New South Y\ ales we ate nssuied, cuu liot stnntl the loss of allowing íallw.ns built toi one put pose to be used fur anothci Ileio we hive a lively in- stance of the difficulties wini U-liostile isolation cieitis, and which time is bound to iutensitv The situ ilion vvoiks out, as Mi Deakin puts it and as Mi Reid .lgiecs, tint \usti ilia must take the l.iilw.tvs 01 Ie.ne them uni the im piessiou is tint for the time she will have to lene them A ictoihi will be lu no wolse po itiou than she Is to dij, and theie lb the piobibilltv, as Mi Simon I tasei, speikln^ is an cxpcit, puls it, that uniiei fedei.il pic-bine the depaituients would come to i bu=me>-s u MULTI ment And the Vustt iliaii P.u liameiit w ould ni'Pd to be endow ed w ith the powei of taking over the lines of .luv state, should the Intel est of the commonwealth so dem ind, upon an iLjieemeiit with the state bein,; jnhed at Hem is aaothci of the neills of the position Ballechln is a name doubtless un- familiar lo the render, though quite recently it has earned a certain degree of faino, or rather notoriety. To be known as "the most haunted house lu " Scotland"-a country, if poets aud romancers are to be believed, not sur- passed by any In the world for the number ol' its ghosts, wraiths, appari- tions, aud other supernatural visitants -the ehoseu home of "spookery" lu all its forms-is no small distinction for a mansion that has no other special claims to celebrity. The house is plea- santly situated in the Perthshire high- lands, a few miles from Dunkeld, aud is no doubt in most respects a desir- able family residence during the shoot- ing season. Unlike most haunted houses, it is not ancient, dilling back only to the second decade of the pre- sent century, but there is no known reason why a ghost should not take up Us abode lu a new as well as in an old building. A few months ngo it became rumoured in London that a veritable haunted house existed lu Scotland, a place where sights and sounds of the most portentous and Inexplicable char- acter were of dally find nightly occur- rence. Such a rumour naturally caused the S.P.R.'s, as the members of- the Society for Psychical Research are familiarly called, to prick up their ears. To the professional spook-hunter there Is no more fascinating or delightful pastime than following up the trail of a ghost, and n desire was, of course, felt lo investigate the matter. The Marquis of Bute generously caine to their assistance, rented tile house for three months, and placed it at the dis- posal of the society, so that a thorough investigation might be made into the alleged'manifestations. A charming lady was placed lu charge as hostess, who kept open house, and luvited such persons as she thought would assist In unravelling the mystery; a staff of servants was engaged, nuil the fortu- nate guests were left free to enjoy themselves as they liked best. Under such favourable circumstances, as may well be imagined, ghost-hunting is shorn of half Its terrors, and becomes a really enjoyable pursuit. Among the guests was. a geutlemuu of ti strongly sceptical. turn of mind, who has recounted lils experiences at length in "The Times." Ile describes the house as having thick walls, both exterior and interior, these being everywhere cased with wood, which on percussion gives out n hollow sound. The rafters are flimsy, and the floors vibrate on the smallest provocation. The buildlug is, In fact, ii huge sound- ing-board, transmitting, and probably Intensifying, certain kinds of noise evidently a most suitable abode for a wandering spirit that makes its pre- sence known chiefly by appeals to the sense of hearing. It was an arlicle of faitli at Ballechln that there wore no rats, but the writer saw one outside in broad daylight, and rats and mice, as is well known, are by no means silent inmates of human habitations. The writer succeeded in securing No. 3 room, which was reputed to be the most haunted In the house, and he slept there two nights. The result was disap- pointingly small. None of the terrify- ing phenomena so graphically described by Bulwer Lytton in his story "The "Haunted and the Haunters" mani- fested themselves to him. Noises there were, but they wore neither awe-inspir- ing nor inexplicable. Early in the morn- ing sounds floated up Hie back stair- case, which were easily translatable into the activities of Hie servants. The wind blowing through the waste-pipe of the washstand produced ¡i sound thal a nervous listener might imagine to be the moan of a soul lu pain. The llreplace, in cooling, gave out a loud crack. A loud noise came from Hie washing-basin, but It was only the jar of u water-pipe when the water was suddenly turned oh". A deep buzzing sound was heard from a distance, but It wits merely such as might be caused by n servant drawing water, probably lu a distant wing, and it was followed by a resounding bang which Indicated to the hearer that the Ballcchin pipes wore not lilted with tlie Thomson patent taps. These were all the sounds heard by this observer In the most haunted room in the most haunted house in Scotlnud. As he remarks: "To anyone half-dead with flight they "would piobably have seemed appal-1 " ling, but to nie they only proved that " ordinary noises can bo transmitted In " that house with unusual facility and " to unusual distances." It is needless to say that no visual ghost presented itself to this gentleman. In short, there was really nothing that called for the slightest investigation. Some of tlie other guebts, as well as the ser- vants, professed to have heard unac- countable noises and seeu apparitions", but this is hardly to be wondered at considering the atmosphere of mystery Unit had been worked up atouud Hie place, and the state of abject terror into which some of the inquirers hail beeil thrown. I The really cuiious fact-the only one, indeed, requiring explanation-Is howl and why so Strange a reputation lind been afil.v-pd to such a modern and commou-plaeo dwelling. The writer in " Tlie Times" had buen assured in London that Ballechln lind had th's reputation for twenty or thirty years, and there was, of course, a story of n former proprietor who lind been given to evil ways and had died not exactly in the odour of sanctity. In the neigh- bourhood, however, ho was told that lhere had never been a whisper of such a thing until (he house was lot for last year's shooting season. Some of the younger members of the family who then tool It had Indulged in callous prictieil jol s aud c\en boasted of tliim Oui of these was to di aw n weight iloUî, tin lioor bl moins of a stilm, ind auothii w is to thump on the li boom door with i boot hill the m ni s of which weie pointed out to the wiitcrb\ his hostiss 11 e house h id no lex ii niiititlou foi being li muted ind hi concludes tint the whole thing w is bis d ii] on somi dlstntid \u~ion of th si jol c_ If s it is i iimnil abli hist mee of how i ston big unlng with i MI\ su ill nucleus of tuith glows lile a suowlall as It is passe 1 tiom mouth to mouth Ihi wntei concludes with a seien Ut ni upon thi mithods of the r It S wh iii 11 ileuses of ligui lin" as o I dime mere uusilted "ossip and silut lnB fiom It onlj whit hippins to suit Its piiticulu theorj ihi Inqulieis it Billeilnu siem to lim stalled with the is-umptlon tint the i heuomeni thei win ctiled on to Invistlgite weie of .upuuituinl oil"in mid this being the c ise it w is i shoi t step to imnginlu. facts tint coull admit of no otlur i\ planatiou. In justice to the Fsychleal Research Society, however, it should be mentioned that air. F. W. H. aiyevs, Its well-known seeretaiy, has written to "The Times" to say that ho visited Ballechiu himself, and decided that there was no such evidence as would justify the society in giving the results of .the Inquiry a place lu its proceed- ings, and that he informed Lord Bute of'this decision. On the other hand. the lady who acted as hostess, and Is known to the literary world, accuses tho writer in "The Timos" of having committed a breach of honour and courtesy In making public what he saw and heard, though ho denies that any understanding to maintain secrecy was even hinted to him. In an article in the last number of tho "Nineteenth " Century," the lady, Miss A. Goodrleh Freer, declares that she and some of the guests heard sounds that arc not susceptible of the explanations given by "The Times" correspondent, namely, mysterious footsteps and voices; raps as of a person Impatiently demanding entrance at a door, clangs, thuds, nud detonating noises. Professor Lodge, however, wrote after a stay of some days Hint "there was nothing for him " to do ns a physicist," and it is ad- mitted by aiiss Freer that, on the whole, tho results of the inquiry weie "entirely inconclusive." It is possible that wo have, not yet heard the hist of " the most haunted house In Scotland," though It is doubtful whether Ballechln will attain a reputation in the annals of credulity and popular superstition equal to that of Tedworth, Woodstock, Baldarroch, and Cock Lane. It has become a question of adjust Ing such of the machinen ot tin lae toiles Act is has shown Itself uttotlj unwoiknble And In the attempt the e^ ldence pioduced of the mischief that can be done bj Ignoiant meddling with the course of Uade Is cumulatho riom the iii st It has been boine in upon the public that efforts to nrbltinillj IK i mínimum wage must losult foi one thing in a host of iufeiior w Olivers being hustled fiom the mils of the pooilj paid into those of the actually di.tltnti lint it seems was onh olio of the eailiest developments Mc aie confionted now with others ftuthel i caching 1 he evidence gh on to the committee of the legislative Coom ii bj Missis II But I i Tohn Pttiison T Bainitt and othei m liiufnetuius len is no doubt that the new sihcdule ol lates the Clothing Bond li is lt.cd mii.t itsiilt in eoui|ilet(lj uudciinlnliH, the position of Melbourne is i manu factuiing and distilbutlng lentil loi this c1 isb of goods lime Is no esc ipi fiom (lils conclusion sue on tin is sumption tint these "intlcmou nicis snillj with a full knowledge of the ion dillons uudii which the\ Undi sit themsihis dellbcinleh to hoodwink the committee with misleading stite monts Ali Butler omphisised the fact tint slop made clothing could not bo turned out heie 11 thi mw seheduli lates so is to competo toi the e\poit ti ade to the othei eolonlis which tin Melbourne laitoiks han hu "eh li\ ed upon There ton tin e\poi t ti ide must go md the const mt wini which It li is nffoidid tomlin bundled, of hands must go too lins "ontleinim went so fal as to issoit that facloilis would close mil tint stilles upon nln"o snli ini{.lit bo appieheudi el sunplj bec mse i ites li n i bein lived In so bungling i f ishlon th it opernth es would demand tin gnitlj enhniiied pi's which tin piccewoil pim. oftn thom ind nbsolutih lefusi to be con tent with the minimum w igo pioiidcd Dismpinilis of this lind indie itc clcnls enou_h whit his ociuned Fiople elected to w iges bonds lim been conlidinth mi (Idling willi busi mss of wilki) thej Ind no prict)cnl Inowltdgi How puihlindlj the things ian be ni magul is to bi sien In (lie ciiciiinstancc tint faetón woik eoiislslini, nt tin m mut ictuie of sloi) clothing lins bien placid upon the s une basis is the besj ol i woik done foi iel ni i liloiing i st iblislimi nts Hie most iiic\pi i linn d outsidi ob su\u cm uiidnslind tint time Is no ntional connection between the two \s one witness uah oh put it 1'ieie is t w mt of ssnipithv, betwien the 1 illois nul the niiinuf ictuicis Su i ithei no (oniiiuiimj of inteiist be twe n cltliei thom oi the woikus thc\ einpli-s Jin tondit ions ol Ila ti nli au quite distinct Ofiouisi this ililli tultj maj in i moasnii bi "ol OMI bs loustltuting i sepm iti bond foi neb class of work, but it is to be feared that the muddle is onh hpkil of m ms that will bi (onslinth occuuiu,. Mi li Helton the inthoiitj of Mi L V ltpp tint onlj tia ameiidniints most impel i tmh lequlied in lite lit ni at piesmt being ginpphel with 'Whit the lutine nun h IM In stoie is i mattii of i ithei doleful _uis_\\\oik Hie Argus to-moiiaw will contain 10 piKei -lie 'sion of the Mai mt, of the Colonies mil 1« continued the links the suiTei in^s mil the de ith of the 1 ithei ot the Colóme ^ i M íltei 1 iloii.li being i ai rated V fin tlier mst dine it \\\ ill nlso hi (,ivcn of Mi bt inlis A\ isman s lnstoi cal nos ii In the 1 toi irs sutton sull ippcai the seiend notice oi the Vu.iist m ig miles und a few of ti e 1 itest bool a mil 11 re Miivctl milln the lind if Ciment Iitcii ture. In these days, when all the world goc_e\ cling the ni tide entitled Oin Club Iviin wiittin Is one who is equnlh at nome w Intim desci bint, the beauties of nitme or de cutting on bill healings ntul s| toil et slioitll appcil to n Mule nrele 1 he Pissms Miou will be foun 1 as hilght a* ever nu J tin events of to ilaj M ni receive full notice His 1 \celleiiev the Coveinor who is now in Sjdnei will not letiirn to Melbourne nest week a- hi uitenls pmng a visit to Unsbanc wheic he wdl he the guest of thi Govcinoi of Qu.-iit.luid foi a fivv tlass Having spent three days in a gengeneral de- 1 nie just to eleni the ground on tin fin in ci ii problems of filler ition tin Sj ilncj Con \cntion \csteidav tool up the cousi leritton ah niitio of the iiinendiiiints suggested bj the different I egisl ituies Hit bull j tonic vihioh embodies the tollective wisdom of those august bodies was opened at the first pnge and for the nat of the du) uiiliasting jet uiuesting the dtletntcs np plied thuiiBelvcs to their task It is true that the) spared an hour and a half to Innrh with the Mnvor of Sjdney, hut that could not be called a rest For an hour or two in the eailiei part of the da} the Itvv}cis levelled m an abstruse iigumcnt as to jurisdiction on the high se is and soon after that was settled ti c Convention cam« 10 the clause pi o» «ling foi equd iepre en tatton of the states in the bénite The rest v» is tall Air Hignns hoisted the 11 eg of revolt igiinst what he rcfcireled is the attempted donna ttion of the MI aller stites Hie oui» justilicition foi equal i cprcsentation he bald, v» as that the sraaile stites would not come into tile fe lciation without it, and the clieei» willi windi th j statement w is iceciicd b» Hie delcgitu fiom those colqine^ showed that in their opinion thut »»a» justifie itiou enough iit v» is reminded h» Mi \\\ ne tint the first deni ind foi equal lcpicsentilion onie from Aietorn itself ind »»hen Ali Higgins de. el ired that in in» pcojile in fcouth \u tral a weie comine, lound to the oin o te vic Mi Kingston interjected On!» tie enemies of federation Su John Dovrner rejoiced to thud that Ali lliLgms did not it. pi osent the imjont» of the \ atornn delcgition, much less i miiorit» o[ Hie A ictonan people Hie debite v» i» con tmticd b» Ah R r O Connor of \e»r South Mules, who »»ill not ob,crt to ejuil lepiesentation if sonic piovision 1, nnde foi the prevention of deadlocks mel b> Mr irljnn, who is i South lusti di m iqie sentative, supiioits the puntille in n» en tuet} Hie vi hole of todiv will probably ht dt\otcd to the s une subject Judging b} some of the speeches at ves tjudu} s sitting of the lede, »1 Convention the difteiencc between good loyc u 1 luj lotie m politics is much the same is that which \iehbishop \\\ Intel» die»» between oithodoN} ma hcteioelo«.»- Ortlioloxj ni} do\», heteiodo\\}, }om do\» Mi-' lhfeynss lemuls on cipnl icj icsentition m the Senate simph bustled wit], lucie 1 he conclusion followed horn the pieii e, with iiiieuing piecision, md il w is Um the mijoiit} must nile Sir John Downer how em, convicted his Kg ii im.nl tioni' \ letona of havmg made i temblé n es» of the atoi-} of Huinpt} Dumpti s tumble and tlie ciioits of all the Kin0 s hoiscs ml all the lung s men to set him up afc"" and he argued tuumphantlv tint ,t «,ir Higgins was uniehihle on that point he wis no ufe guide na an} othei Mi Gl}im named the Gomcntion not to he mi led b» the cint nnd,piejudice of stitctl} logical pohlman» and when Mr Higgins told him that ha would come round to the lotic d «ide toon, the lavv}ei from South Au trihi relied I am ende-ivounng In logie to show that logic does not appl} lbs point, ol cours,., »»as that independent stites could not be' expected to sui rendel their independence and enter into a paitnerslnp in which \ ower would go b} count of nebea lliat ¡ nnci pie rruglit be applicable to a complete union of sepílate peoples, but not to a federation of states Some smirt work in the oratorical lino was done it S}due} }estenhv it the lunch given b} the JIa)oi of the cit» to the 1 ederal delegates Air Birton declined to adjourn the afternoon sitting of tlie Con vention for moie than half in hour be»ond its usual time, and the con eqiitncc «is that a do7en after dinnci speeches were got through in about the quiet est time on re- cord E» en then, most of them hid to be taken with the sweets and the ices he }Oiid the usual references to the great cause we all hue so much at hcirt the onl} passage in tlie speeches of n terest to Atctonans 'was a kuuly refeicnee bv lord Brasse} to Sir George luniet and the plucky wa} lie stiel s to his jiost I waa proud of ni} Pnme Ministci }e_terdii said His rxccllencv ' »» hen I heinl him in the Conveiitaon delivering his ible jrtu mentative speech with spirit undiiiimcd mid w ith intellect»! d fol ee »melon le 1 bj phjsicil suffering He »»is bound he added to agiee »»nth his Punic Minster that time was neeeasar» foi tie pro]cr completion of the compileitcd «oil the . Conv ention had m hand Ah Best the »ctmg Pienuer announced »csteida» tint both Houses of Puhimeit v» Inch stand adjourned till I ue» lu i II meet on that di}, but so fir is tie \s semble is conceinel the sitting » ill onlv be a formal one Some »erbd aincidmeiU mil a re-numbeiing of the elm c. of tie Aimes Bill will be mule bv the Cmemors message aftci winch a «null bill rclitingto a resci » e it St Yriuuid v» ill he el posed of md the House will then adjourn foi a neck when it is hoped the Vicmiei mil his col leigucs »»ill hn\e returned from "sihev Ah Best de lies town members to he in it tend ince at the Assembl» on lucsdji ifttr noon, and as mm» of the cotintr» merallen) is can cr/n^cnicntlv do so is it is essential then, should bo a quoi um present to embie the foi uni business to be tim letel i el to ndjouiii the House till the 21«t mit It is doubtful if the Connell vi ill he in i po i tion to deil with the 1 ictoucs ml c-ho|! Bill on 1 líesela» so tint its meeting ii lil el} to be also of i formil elmjctei Rccentlv i cible messige w is iecei»ed from oin London coiiespondtnt st ding tint a fumlv residing at Liehlicl 1 1 ng land, were «llejed to hue been poisoned bv using Yustlulmn fio/cn meit \s it «is felt Hint this report would «cuon 1» inter feic with the s lie of fnven meit the \gtiih Gcnenl were telefei iphed to md directe 1 to mike inquines Hie Pienuer of Ac« Soutli 'Wales Ins received the follow i? repl} fiom Sir Slid Simtiel the lgcot General for the mother colon} - I icliheld I have investigated the eise of ptomiino poisoning of which it was allege 1 Au Ira Inn fio/en mutton »\is the vehicle the medical evidence at the nique t stated ptomaine was not a condition of thugs which tttnehed it«clf more than in» ot!cr to meat which is fro/cn mil lmcht an e in the vei} best 1 nghsli meit boii"lit from a most scru|itdous and caieful butcher » v crdict w is giv en in accoiii »nee with tie medic »1 e» idence, and a rider v» is id led th it the meat was sound and fit foi human consumption when ptuclnsed from the butchei, mid that putrefaction took phce aft« coo! nig 'The Innes on Siturdw published a puigraph to tins effect aid st i ted tint theic were no snspicioi s of fi(i7cn meat being poisonous anil tint thora was i thoiougli conviction and a som 1 con elusion that no birnie could I c hld "I on the meat The nutter is befoie the local Government baird, but so far the» ln»e not deemed it nece-sar» to t ike in» ittion Ihnve isccrt lined fi oin Aicssis Nelson aid Weddcl that the Lichfield incident las lot affected the frozen meat tra le and tie ninttei has non appaientlv elided Dilling all the imoshc-itinns li» the nre sent Pnihament-ii) Committtce on Bail in»s there has been no such ardent icho c ite for mriovv giuge lines m mountainous oi ditheidtcountiv.as Air Aldville HI C When the menibeis of the committee met »estcrdav to fmallv settle the fite of te proposed ruh»ii} to the Upper i irn Mr Alchilles colleagues were sonic«li t sur pi ised to find that lie had sudden!» ii'««' his views and vv is aBninsl the piopoul to bleak the tauge urging tint Hie tnemeer in clnef, Ali Renwicl, should he cue" the oppoituiiitv of ti} ing hcie one of hi» third class biood gauge lines Nmilv e»er» mero her who spole rated Ah Melville (or his sudden change of views, and «hen it cine to a vote he was alone in his ndiocac» ol the broad gauge His conversion was the moie pointed in that on i formel on .«ion he had stood alone in the dem in 1 that one of the mi Ile» lines should he altered troin the broad to the n irro»» gauge Hie Public \\\oiks dcpattmeiit l« posions on with the linpioveiutnt of the lirra ahov e Pi ince s bridge Y tender Ins been accepted for di edging awav the foi mer edge of the southern bank which i lo« water, appears in the ccntie of Hie widened mer, and rows of ornamental trees aro being plintcd on the Don, un bank of he stictni Between the footpath ami the slope of the bank will be a io« of loi tit gucse oaks, then a gravelled unlh *\>U »i<,. which will be scpaiatcd from the Whait lue»ele track b} a low of elms Outs«« those trees will be a earmgc di no a chara wide, then a row of s}camores, and be)mid tlpt will be a hoise track On Monda) the boot manufacturers sent a lettei to the Chief Secretar) PioU'tii« »gainst the minimum rate of wage ol « . fixed by tho board appointed under ino Faetones nnd Shops Act to determine IM rotes of pav in the trade, on the ground 1 that it «as too high, and would lead to _"(_ and slow woik.ru being discharged | It was panted -Mt tint tint wa0i was 1 iel cr th m «as paid in New 7c lland, and to eníoi ce it would not onh pi event min) inclhcicnt min irom earning a livelihood it a tríele lhe\ lind bcon emplojcd at for min) M"i« out »ouItl be detumeiitnl to the e\poit trade in A ictornn made hoots fhc manufacturers also said that the piece "0,1 rates hted 1» the bonni weie so e\ i ce ive tint it woultl compel them to nboh li piecevvorl altogether and would It ni to a mole general introduction ot ma tluiiciv li) diiettion of Mi Peniock | thi letter has bien foi wauled to tin boird with n request tint it should fcivi onlv consideiation to the views contained timiin Mi Mathieson, the Kail« a) Commi» stcti-i will proceed to Uleloidi this aftei j con for the purpose of discu<-int, several elej irtjnetitil inattei. with Alt Ptudleton, (he -outh lush linn lominissioiiii He mil return to Milbourue on .uesdav \t the annual melting of the D un men s Asociition last vvicl a lcsolution was i i eil that it vv is not desuable that the Butter 1 actones M lingers association should he isi eel to issist in framing ici,u htmis foi the permanent control of the dinwiib mdustii '«onie loruspoiidcnce Ins inte t ikeii pi ici in i ni columns on the subjttt and tin Mmislir of A^iicultun sa)s tint lie invitid icpiisent itives of both liRcutions to sei lum in lifcnnce to the rtgulitions unelci nu Ls.portid PioelULts ]ii)l bei itisc he disired to obt un the ndsice oi j min ii men on them, mil tint the n ana_ers came then at lils special invita ¡ion and not on their own suggestion \n interesting appeal against n convie tion mulei section l-l of the Liiensing .it vi is heal ii bv Judgi CIIMJ it the Milbourue tend ii Sssions )i_teielnv. nntl the com ii don w is set asiili On Situidu, the ¿rd of lui) list, Constable Cullin, who w is on Incusing dut), «nw two women of ill repiiti connut, out of the bai pu loin of the Duke of Wellington Hotel, at tin coiner of 1 lui tins anil ltussell sheets Ho went into the hotel, and found the licensee 1 leleln Waic isleep in the setond pu lorn He Infoiliieil All Wine of whit lu had seen, in! tin littn baid hi hid given mstiui tiona tint suih people wen not to hi su ved intli ihm], nor allowed on Ins himsid prcmi es On the 15th of lui) Ali Wine ins eli UfjCd with the oliente mel con victttl at tin Distuit Couit an 1 lineel live ¡.nine is Aestciil» hi nppealid at, mist th convietion on the tiound tint thin t is no evidence to suppuit it Vftei hell rai. the evidence hiei-i Cisev* sud that _Itlioii.li tin eitton pi .vi led tint the pit fence ol the women on the pienuse. w is jriraifieie esidcnci tint the hiuisei was ii irt of the flit, it illoued linn if he loulel tlo so lo i chut tint niq hutton Hu hw ivis onlv msoinble ni supposing tint ltlioui.li suth piai le might \ is.it a ni in a I oust the licensee niiilit 1 now nothing ni itevei iliDUt it, no1 tint their thai ictus viere i saihblc Otherwisi a hiiusee would he jint in the avvkw irel position ot MI nit, t0 even worn in who v isitttl »his lou , l'ltisi an s u i woman ot ill le I tile lit lound in lool ing it one of tin use iiiotcel tint tin lill Chuf Justue lli-ml tit mi hld hild tint it w is onlv ¡nui fun ividincc uni th it it imglit he rebulle 1 He thought tins t ISL had bun alt pi til\ libuttetl md tint tin licencie fltiiull not he lnlil ic ponsible in ans wits ¡oi «1 it tool pine that night lhere v s a loehjii in the house who met two lomen outside, nuil liter coniirsiug with tlein tuol them uno the hotel Hie) went ni Iv one door uni hi bs inothei Hi vent to the Inr mid as! id foi two glasses of leer mel dtlioiii-h tin drinl s win sup )!t! the bimmil could not see tin in nitts of the loom ta vvhith the di ml s v en t iken J he barm ud st itcd th it bhe m tie women f i oin tin ieu whin Hit) ncrt "omi out bul did not set tliini going in Ile ilul not thinl am df the hiensei s triants I new tint women ot lillipilli nit beint, seived He would, thirefoie allow the appeil with live gunns costs Mi Bulls mil Mi Al Vitlun (instructed li MM» ( lllott Urti s und Alón ) iii peireii foi the nppell mt, and Mi \\\ alsli QL foi tin Crown Hu petition piesinteel bs Messis I d wn 1 Dut! ctt and Sons for the winding up oi the I.inthiuds 1 oundrj Comp in) J-imi teil tuni on foi liming )csteidiv befoie Air Justice Ifoelgcs in the Pi ictne Court Air Haves who npfleired foi the piti toncis (instructed bj Messrs Uiahnni anil lunn) lnformid his Honour Hint an e\ triordmars icsolution of the camp ins lind leen pissed foi its voluntan wmiling np with iii \ndiew Lvell as lupiidiloi and t] it an arl ingénient had bien lome to lu tween, the conipnm, its liquid dor and the petitioners with the connu mice of tin ¡rincii il ci litois, ill of whom lind boen consulte 1 tint m ni dei should be muli for the voluntan w Hiding np to he ion timictl under the supu vision of the Court It was thii-foii nsl rd tint such in iiidei shout 1 lu nindi Ah \\\ \\\ Phillips np je ntl for tin ioniums mill the Ijjiin liitoi to ton tut His lionnui theieupon madi ti e oi ki as sought \ eimse lound the Tinfish Pmpirc is leu" oi-iuisttl bv Di Lunn in commemo litirn ti tin lubilee seal It is intended (s is ttr I ondon loricspoudent) that tin voi iLt lull lomintnci on Deciinbei 2S ilociitlnj. vii liiin lltai Altiltn, Cipius to Kilt Sion Uamliiv Cdctittn Colombo, Ala In lîunni Singipoie Prishtne \iw /eil ml Svdni) Altlhoui ne, Adilnide luth \atal and Cipi Colouv Hie ( trnuan coinmittei for Antarctic J \| lor it on unilii tin piesidincs of Pi o fe i Niunicsu is nu mung an i\ptdt tion to Hit South Poll It is intituled (wilks otu ijondin coiiesponelent) that tit i\| i lition whuh will consist of two si 1 slull i initi iti to tin mci iib in of lui tieltn HI ind in oidei to e\plon a put of tin \ntaiitit Occ in htthcito «careel) toutlieil In Hie south of the Pol u cirek an ob ni ition stntion will lie elected and a lill of the scientilte staff will iiinnin ti eie for two winters mill tug iiicfid ob femttons cpccnllv of metem ilouoil mid mullel c phtnonitnn One ship will I eel) in einimunicition with the outit world inl the othu vi ill exploit uni nown regions to tis the iiuuiitit '-outh Pole It is lojeil to nun ti iii 1 ilunil tin m\ stei ions coasts of \\\ ill ts I and and A ittoiu Lind The ce st of the i\pidition w ill be about _ 0000 \n appeal ngamst an ordoi of the Coint of 1'cttv Sessions at '?outh Melbourne wns illili to linke (nsii it the Alilhouini relierai *>_»sioiis Mslridi) Hie oidu ms ni ide on the ¿inl ult mid duictid riiottis lliihaid Popí, pin to pis O' i vceh to a domestic stn mt n unid \nnii '?eel fu tin inniulennnci of Ins tlkgiti ' ile ilnlil J lu it] pill mt isl id Hint the witt be sit aside on tin kimmel tint hi ' is not the filial of the ihild mid tint llit vi linns ividuici w is untouoborntid f stitid tint she w is foniiuh em I lou I m the house of tin appellant. "tint it 1 ist Hi uns« itk and Unit tin ntni in then tool plate the tliilel hunt torn in Al inh, IS 13 \ftu heiring tin oneleiiii Jud^i Cast) allowed tin ippnl on tit ground tint then was no coi ioho «wi lint without costs Mi AInc] cv (jistiuctcd bv Ali Uutwistlc) appenud tor t"i illillnnt, and Ah Koecia toi tin Kbpon lint Wold ii s mill In OUR it a pnv ile lett« Irani 1 leiitcirail Ceul t. mut of the Itov d irsli Di agoon ( uuds slntioiiLd it hawul '»«li t a fiiuid m Alelbouini Ah .aunt is the «on of Judgi (., unit and lote nu the loth of \iu,ust fiom Ailinn rim Kot ii in tin Swat Nulli) - .oin .y', i bed im hue on mv iitmn fiom C1 lilma ' mouin mini Colonil Rud lilli li A 111 min i elm nu, forte hiving ] '' "ed the rihn af tin Alni ii ann w lthout uillnulh I was appointed gullopei to Hu Fnlitr temi til Aleilltjohn We li id n Prcttv little Ii(,lit but (,ot m nil ndit At. inseitvi ti w muli, oid.t. but wliethu "o procetd up tin Swat A alliv lounti) oi to emietlv home no om 1 nowa lln lit 1er h us tin militai) field post stamp Siienl faimeis' i\cursions hs iail have lieen nrnntid for this month those ) Ineh Ins c so fin till en place h i\ e bien ¡«II I itionised, with tin exception of oin irom the mallet Hie ti am ninth nine Iron Hopetoun on luisdiv onh had 2S0 la«seni,ers On the othei hand foi the racwsion fiom Sale on the same da), theie J ere 400 bool ings and 4.0 passengers irtullul b) the ti mu from LeoiiMtha on » cilnt sdav About tOO have aire id) been oool ni foi thc exclusion from Alnnsfield, alcvindiuoiil, and .en to monow Tlie unpleisant weather-mid clouds of «list-tint picvniled vestudnv did not pie >rot u I tite and apprmativ i audience from iiteiiimiL tin town hall oibnn lecitul given _.!" , S ,rtl-inoon, winn mi ndnnrnbl) Mochil pioferaiiuni of feeiiuuic OIL, m music >T liutoiiuetl throughout m IIIUBH mik kl'SMiW] Jxott It opened with '«oiis finious loccatn mid 1 ugm m D iinor-nindc familiar to lunn) amatetiis L i !'.s,ß s »«"lofoit. ndaplntion, although îSîm. °'i '" b!41 lh a fal,lt "-tlectioii, winn ÄlV,lll,'ls soul stiiimg grandeur mt tlie King of Instr imeiits Mr Notts I was, m ever} respect, a scholar! v treatment, one important featuie bcmg the judicious and well-calculated management of tlie I registers Another important number w as Alendcl*-,ohn » Sonata in C minor, No -, with its impressne opening (drive), sue ceeded b} the fascinating Ydagio, the loici ble allegro nnestoso e viv »ce, and the final lugue-the two last mci tioncd both in d major Tins wa» likewise performed with musicianlv comprehension, allied to iault less tcthnique upon both manna s anri pedals J he lemnining numbers, although oi less musical weight were verv enjo} ible Y Baicarolle (Leiiuuo) most tastefullv plaice! c tiled foi th such loud ind continued applause tint i pu ti ti lejietition had to lie gianted and similar expiesMons of opinion ¡vicie forthcoming aftci Communion (samt Mens), Yndante in d nujoi Cnnnrt) and lamentation (G mimant) the littet fonning t nthei eloletu!, though decidcdl} di linatic, conclusion to the le ci tal Yu interesting lectuic upon the 'Dark Continent of Ytttci was delivered at the Collins street Independent Chuich ist cvcninc, bv Air Willum d Spues I"0 Ala}oi of Melbourne pt added Air Spugg Ins comm ind of a large fund of lii'ormation cone rmnc. Cipe doloiiv, Natal, Oruikç 1 rec Mite mid the Ii n «via!, and with the a sistance of lal) limelight views, minipu latedbv Air Ylexander dunn, he contrived easil» to tive a luge audience a thoiotujil) enjo} ible evening Tor tie Char li of Ingland Jubilee lund «c lave r cene! ,/ fntn Bl . ,, . , luinitlire nits !v notion will be hell lodi« 1 » Mi in I emu eil Tuel ctt at 1 Co Messrs Leauehimp Bios ind Mr J V Wise 10 D YA S YRR YNGLAirNTS Clnmbei of Commerce, CO Mai l«et street 3 ji in St Paul s Cathedral-Evensong (clioial) at 4 43 p m feen ice, Kel»» a) m B miiioi anthem, ¿"Vom the 1 hi one ol His Goss' (Stainers 'Crucifixion ) Lecture b} Mi Ben Tillet.1, ' Biiviionment and Charactci, ' leinperiiice hall, S p m Uni» ersit) Extension Lecture bv Professor Laurie, 'Brownings Shoitcr Poems, Ybsembl} hall, 8pm Lecture b} Dr J W Bairctt Hie Special Senses,' Piihnn lown hall, S p ni Public Meeting re Scriptuie Lessons, Titz io} Town hall, 8pm Yssocmted Arictouan Commercial Tiavel 1er» Social Ihberni in li til, 8 p in Pools Cintata 'Hie Plovver Queen, Armadale Wesle}an Schoolroom, S p in Lav» Courts, see Law Notices, page 5 Yuction Sale», see Abstmct, page 2 