ST. GABELLE'S INN. My Uncle Bayle wa's a man 7" ev ery one loved and welcomed as a ,. .or. His home w:.s not as ours was, in the little city of 1Mirepox, but in a grand -kateau, with cis in-co roof and shutters, in the ent:r.,ns of Foix. A lawyer by profession a::1 pre:s.-s wit h business, he never let a fortnigiht 1:a= without com ing to see our mother, andi there were mat:y of us to greet him, for Uncle Bay!e was the elder t of 13 children, all of them, with one or two exceptions, living with their own or their children's children in the neiglborhoo l of the family home, my ei'cdr snd my-elf in the homc.tead itself, with our infirm but pious and courageous mother, whom, as I told you awhile ago, Uncle Bayle came to see. "Uncle," said Dorothy one evening, the prettiest as well as the bravest of all our cousins, "tell us a ghost story, please. We have heard all the others." "'One cold autumn evening," said he, "some 40 years ago, I was returnin" from Toulouse, where I had been calle3 on business. I was traveling fast and had already passed Auterive, where some friends had urged me to stay the night, but I was in a hurry to reach Saverdun, three leagues farther on, and continued my route. Just in front of the monastery of Bolbonne, in the forest of Secourien, one of those furious tempests which spring up in the heart of the mountains without a moment's warning fell upon me. In less than no time it was as black as midnight and the read invisible. There was nothing for it but to turn about and ask for shelter at Bolbonne. In a little while my horse stopped, and I saw that we were before the door of an inn. I entered. Tie com pany was numerous and composed of merchants, Spanish students and the sportsmen of the neighborhood, sur prised like my-elf by the storm. "'Truly,' said one of the hunters, 'the weather's devilish-a regular witches' sabbat.' "'Pardon me,' cried a voice in a di tant corner, 'witches and goblins hold sabbats on moonlight nights and not in storms." "We all turned to see who had sp .ken and s wsv that it was a Spanish mer chant. None of us se. mued disposed at first to answer a remark made withsuch solemn gravity. In fact, we were as si lent as owls until suddenly my neighbor on the right, a young man of frank and pleasing appearance, burst into a fit of laughter. " 'Really,' said hei, indicating the mer chant who had spoken last, 'it seems as if the gentleman understood the habits of gohlius. Perhal s they've told you,' turning to him scornfully, 'how much they dislike to be wet and muddyr "The Spaniard gave him a terrible look. "'You speak tuoo lightly, young man,' said he, ':ar too lightly of things you know nothing about.' "'And you would have me believe that ghosts exist? "'Perhaps,' said the other, 'if you are brave enough to look and see. Here's a purse,' he continued, rising ap proaching the table, 'containing -. Id en quadruples. I wager them all that in an hour's time I call before you the ..ce of any one of ; our friends, even if he has been dead a dozen years, whom you may name to me. Moreover, when you have recognized hi:::, he shall ap proach, embrace and ialute you with a kiss. Do you agree? And as he asked the question 'he manner of the man was so impressive and stern that we invol untarily trembled. My neighbor only remained umnmoved. " *Ad you can do all that? he cried. "'Yes,' auswered the Spaniard, 'and willingly part with my 30 quadruples beside, if I do not, provided you will lose a similar amount if I hold to my promise and force you to believe.' The offer was at once accepted. "To guard against trickery and decep tion, we decided to use a little pavilion situated in the outer garden, perfectly isolated and bare of everything but a chair and a table. After assuring our selves that there were no other issues than a door and a wiuiw, the student entered and, we left him to his fate, not, however, without placing beside him all the necessary writing materials and ex tinguishing the lights. "When everything was ready and we had arranged ourselves in a circle around the door, the Sipaniard, who had waited in absolute silence till all was done, be gan to sing in a low, sweet voice, a verse, as near as I can remember, running thus: With a crackinc noise the coffin bursts In the tormb, di ep. rtark anrd profouit,. And the 1ir;,;ntra r.hlte "acsc his foot On the sotl of the old, d:lstup 'groundll "Then; elevatne his voico, he cal l to the student shunt up within the pavil "'You have told me,' said he, 'that you lesire to have a visit from the spirit of your friend, Francis Vialat, drowneri three year0 ago while crossing the ferry of Pensagnoles. Now, what do yea see? "'I see nothing,' replied the student; 'but stay! a white !igat begins 'o lift itself y vter by the window, f.uaniahs, shifting and ilke a floating cl uri' "Af~er a bmo:nent's silence the SFan bard begins to sing again, his' vol.? deeperl mad gloomier than befors: i "Alnd the phantom white, whomr the rushing rains Had iaded teoa tit sao fair, Wi;e?l with his abroad and his skeleton haa ,th dZroe from his face and hatr." Dr. T. J. Corn'!l, K:an s C'ity lKan .,'-i - - r use Sander and Suns Eucalyplti EIxt- act fre quenitly as an antiseptic andri for neura'?gi undit. has given ille Creat sat iraction. (C.,re hos to be exercied rot to bie snpplid .:lih spuri -u: pre parations as dune by ny supply-druggist,."--In ist getting Sander and Son.s Eucalpti Ixtract. or else you 'ill be supplied with worthless oils. The " Evening News," Sydney, says i- regar to the applicatlon of Eucalyptus in influenza : SWe have tlo exercisecaution to get an aStl-les freed of its astrinz-n constirtuents or else it w 11 prevent the excretion of the disesa . .- lein. ermsn. A preparation knew a sn ., Sons Enerlypti Extract was found to - e . only refined one and proved to be possessec of the highect gernm silhng quahlties.' c)r. S. P Preston. L,:chb,'rg Va.. \nrii s" "I have bee-i very mucr l t ved with Sander a.d 'ons Euralypti Extract an the first stage of :,.,hisis. usig it as an inhalati-r, from a bron .nitis se-tle. I never us~ed .ny preparation than s:nders', as I have found the cthers to be lnost useless,' "'What do you see now,' he cries, Lyou who wish to sound the mysteries of the tomb: what do you see now? "'Tothing.' replies the voice of thostu lent, calm and cool as ever. •'And you are not afraid?' cries the Spaniard, his manner more scornful and insulting still. "'I am not afrail,' comes back the :lcar, brave voice of the prisoner within, while we, standing on the outside and in sight of the infernal sorcerer's incanta tions, scarcely dare to look at each other, so great is our dismay and surprise. "'And the phantom said,' cries the spaniard furiously: dnd the phantom said, coming out from the tomb. "In order that he may know me in truth, [will go to my friend proud,smilingand sweet, As in the days of our first early youth!" "And again; ceasing his song, he puts his terrible quc ion: "'What do you see now?' "'The phantom advancing-he raises the veil-it is Francis-Francis Viatal he approaches the table-he writes-he has written his name' But before he can say more the Span lard resumes, his voice wild and howling: And the phantom said to this mocking man. "Come thou at once and give to me Thy hand to my hand, thy heart to my heart. And thy lips where I can kiss thee!" " 'Are you afraid now? Are you afraid now?' he repeats, almost with frenzy. A shuddering cry, dying away in a moan, is the student's only answer. " 'I warned him,' said the Spaniard harshly; 'I warned him howit would be. You see, messieurs,' turning to address us, 'that I have gained the wager. But let him keep the money. ' am content with the lesson given him. He will be wiser in future." And with a grave in clination he walked away, leaving us thunderstruck at the door ,; the pavilion, behind which the sound of moans still continued. "At last we opened it to find the stu dent writhing upon the floor, a paper signed with the name of Francis Viatal on the table beside him. It was at least an hour before he had recovered suffi ciently to be about again. Then, -,ionus with ra - at the treatment he had re ceived from the sorcerer, hoinsisted upon having him brought before him. "But the merchant was not to be found, either in or out of the inn. "'But I will find him,' cried the stu dent, 'and I will kill him on the spot for the impious performancein which :e has made me assist." "Ani soon after, learning from the stable boy that the merchant had sad died his horse himself and dep.-n ed some time ago, he followed Jbin, s ill swearing instant vengeance. "We never saw him-in iact, we never saw either of them again." "And yet, Uncle Bayle," said Dor othy breathlessly, "'you cau say there are no snce! things u ghosts or goblins" "More l)sitively than ever," he re pl.l. "2>.irther the Spanish morchnnt inor the Toulouse student were ever seen again, as I tell you. No mor were the 80 beautiful quadruples whica I and the other guests of the inn had put together to make up the sum of the Spaniard's wager. The two rascals had ca-ried them off between them, after playing be fore us a comedy which we were simple tons enough to believe, but which I found very dear at the time, when I had considerably less mo::ey to spare than at present."-From the French. 