SUNDAY AT HOME (Continued from Saturday, January 2.) PUNISHMENT FOR SABBATH- BREAK- h ING. But the soul that doeth aught presumptu- I ously, whether he be born in the land or. I a stranger, the same reproacheth the i Lord; and that soul shall be cut off from among his people. Because he I bath despised the .word of the Lord, and bath broken his commandment, that soul shall be utterly cut off; his i Iniquity shall be upon him. And while the children of Israel were in the wilderness, they found a man that I gathered sticks upon the Sabbath day. i And they that found him gathering i sticks brought him unto Moses and Aaron, and unto all the congregation; I and they put him in, a ward, because it was not declared what should be dune I to him. And the Lord said unto Moses, the man shall be surely put to death; 1 all the congregation shall stone him 1 with stones without the camp. And all t the congregation brought him without the camp, and stoned bins with stones, and hie died; as the Lord commanded t Moses.-Numbers xv., 30-30. Hu-man nature does not altogether dis like proccesions; there is something in the human heart that inclines it towards dis play. To he part of a great host, marching to the blare of trumpet and touch of drum, all to show on which side we are, is quite an easy piece of display, and is no test of obedience. Who is not ready to watch by the death- bed of the most loved one? The nlight will bring no weariness-'the day and the night shall be run into one'commion time, and no heed shall be taken of the exhaustion of the flesh; it will be a proud delight; the sacrifice will bring its own heaven with it. We long to show in some such crisis how loyal is our love. It is not so that life is measured by the Living One, who is t1he Judge of all the earth. He does not look at 'state occasions, at heroic Opportunities, at processional displays, at death-bed attendances; he looks at the little things of daily life. Where one mcan is called to be a hero on some great scale, ton thousand men are called to be courteous, gentle, patient; where one has the oppor tunity of being great on the battle-field of a death- bed, all have opportunity of being good in 'hopefulness, charity, forgiveness, and every grace that belongs to the Cross of Christ. Where one has the opportunity of joining a great procession, ten thou sand have the opportunity of assisting the aged, helping the blind, speaking a word for the speechless, and putting a donation into the hand of honest poverty. Let us realise the truth of the doctrine that we are not called upon to dieplay our obedience upon a gigantic scale within. the theatre of the universe and under the observation cf angels, but to go out into the field and work with bent back and willing bands and glad hearts, doing life's simple duty under heaven's inspiration and encouragement. The man who gathered sticks on the Sabbath day might have been quite a great man on festival occasions when all Israel had to be dressed in its best; he might have been. one of the foremost of the show. You discover wvhat man are by their secret deeds, by what they do when they suppose nobody is lookiing, by what they are about when they are suddenly pounced upon. Give a man notice that his obedience is to be enquired into,and then how prepared lie is! But the man is not what he is at that particular moment, but what he was a few moments before, and what he will 'be a few moments after. It Is only by' so-called little things-minor moralities, punctuality, civilities, penny honestles-that we can understand what we are and estimate the character of others.. People will always be more willing and ready to punish than to obey:-"All the congregation . . . . . stoned him with stones." The congregation was glad of the opportunity: anything for a new sensation; anything for a change from the intolerable monotony of the wilderness. Stoning a man made a little bubble on the quiet river of the day's sluggish life; moreover, it looked well to be stoning somebody else; there is a kind of indirect respectabiliby about it. What a heroic people! You would not judge from this uerse whp t a history we have read through up to the theme of its being written le the record. These are not he people who moummied, aiid murmured, and conmhlained, aind rebelled against Moses, and fought against heaven, and tuined away frein righteousness, and forgot the Living God? They are unanimous in stoning the Sabbath breaker; they would have been equally unanimous in stoning Moses. A wom'd has no sense when it comes to decision and distinctions of this kind. We are all, perhaps, more ready to punish than to obey. When we condemn the action of another, we seem to add to our piety in public estimation. Herein we do net live .in the Mosaic day. Is there no stoning under the Christian dispomnsa tion? Yes. By what rule Is that stoning determined? A very easy one and most equitoble. Christ laid it down, and Christ is our one lawgiver--the true Moses of the church. We bring a man to him, saying Lord, we found. this man gathering sticks on the Lord's day: What is to be done to him? Stone him. How? "Let him that Is 'without sin cast the first stone." And beginning at the oldest, right away down to the youngest, they all slink out anfi leave the Sabbath breaker to face the Founder of the day. That is the right law of stoning: may it never he changed! Jesus, San of God, thou wast never so dear to human hearts, conscious of their guilt and burning with shame, as 'ahen thou dldst say to the pious hypocrites of thy time, "Let him' that Is without sin cast the first stone." Thou ant Saviour; these words witil keep thy crown above all other crowns long as the ages of time shall breathe, or the larger ages of eternity roll on in infinite duration. "The law was diven by Mloses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ." There' must be punish ment, but let us take care brow it is ad ministered. If there be no stone throwing until pure hand's begin, no stones will be thrown. We are speaking now within the boundaries cf the church, within the sancti ties of the holy place-not of pclitioal acid municipall life, but of that 'inser and spiritual existence and relation explained in the person and priesthood of the Son of God. We must not delude ourselves with the noticn that there are sins which are of no consequence. We say that the man in question may be guilty of telling a lie, but he was never guilty of committing a immurder. What is thd difference? There is acne. You say, he may be a l'tt'e unforgiv ing, but he never murdered anyone; there fore we invite him to dinner, we travel with him on the road, we recognise lhi in public, we cheer him when lie rises to ad dress a Christian assembly on Christian topics. We say, such andi such a man may be a 'little censorious ii spiecli, but le was never known to be drunk. What is the difference? There 'is more said in the Bible against pride than is said against drunken ness; there is more said in the Bible against consoriousness than is said against un chastity. We are wrong. We are back among the beggarly elements; we have not conie into the sanctuary in which we see spiritual doctrine, spiritual judginenit, leasnt-work; and until we enter that holy place and read the smallest print of the divine record, do not let us suppose we can rival the Kingdom of God, or annotate with our pointless cohminonts the wisdoci of heaven. The Kingdom of heaven is within. Piety is not abstinence froin vulgar crime:s: it is consecraticln to spliritual purposes and perpetual aspiration after spiritual tdea!s. Whoso hitteth his brother without a cause is guilty of nrurdeu'. lie uuho has told a lie will break the Sabbath. He who has broken GCd's Sabbath-uiderstanding that term in its anilest imeanilg slii in tention- has violated to time mnc as'ure of 11is power the purity and sanctity of heaven. The law is one; the universe is one; God is one. He that offendoth in the least offen deth -in all. But we cannot have now works till we become new workers, and we can not become niio workers except by the nmighity ,power of the Holy Ghost. Said lute Son bf God-"Marvel not that I said unto thee, ye must be born again." (Contributions uinder this heading are invite h frrm all shades of Christian ihon ht., ihe only noii binis blue,' I list their hlull ta]t dn l hr(ti'iniip' i tsiiie i )ito;. br;f, dfou ins i~ cri~iiii, tutiuie, milt tutot ',s .i u, ~l~uI i f." i Ii, .' 