By Miss M. E. BRADDON. Author of "Lady Audioes Secret," "The Fatal Three," "The Day Will Come," "Lost for Love," -'The Doctor's Wifo," "Whose was the Hand T "One Life, one Love," "Thou Art the Man," 'Sons of Fire." ' • Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.]' Chapter X.—(Continued.) , It is needless to record my investigation step by step. It was several weeks after Mr. Wildover's first visit to Hawthorn Lodge when I niade my first advance alone the line on. which I had been working, by the discovery that a person answering to the gunmaker's description had been living in Dynevor- street at the date of. the murder and had left-so shortly after as to make his removal a suspi cious coincidence. I had: made a house-to house investigation of ihri street: and had in most instances'been readily answered, .but there was one house where the. people seemed very reluctant to give any information about the persons, lodging , there in the previous December. The landlord.owned at last that he had a reason for this reticence. "If your business has anything to-do with, dynamite of Nilerists, I'm not-,going, to be mixed up in it," he said. '' Poor Mrs. Grogan has been all but ruined by that murder last Christmas. She has not been able to let her second floor since, or.tbe room where the young woman was murdered ; and I know she's half a year behind with her rent, and I don't-want my house to be pointed at and, boycotted be cause of some ^gentleman-dynamiter as may have lodged in it—once upon a time." I assured him that the enquiries I was making had no relation to dynamiters or Nihilists; and I also gave him to understand that it would be the worse for him if he refused to answer iny questions to the very best of his ability. I may 'add that this was a bit of bluff on my part, as I was assuming my authority of former, times, before I retired from -the ■0.1. Department. The effect whs instan taneous, for Mr. Durfin's wife, a'decent body, who was present at our interview, urged him to comply with my request.- The house wais a lodgiug-house, tidily furnished, and as clean as a London house can ba ; and it is wonderful what miracles of freshness and cleanliness a hard-working active .woman can' achieve in spite ohsea coal and November fogs. Without being directly opposite number "thirteen the windows commanded a full view of that house, and a watcher at a window on this side of the way would have bean able to identify anyone going out or in at Mrs. Grogan's door. ' ■' Now for my landlord and landlady's infor mation. Once having relented they were both eager to tell me all they could. . ■ They had had a gentleman lodger on their second floor from the l4tl? November to -the 2Gth December, and just such a gentleman as the subject of my enquiry.—very studious, very quiet and retiring, spending the greater part of his days out of doors—mostly, they believed, in the reading-room at the British Museum, as ho'had told them be choose these rooms to be near the museum, and sitting up late at night) reading and writing, •;. ■ v He had taken no meal at home except his roll/and coffee in the morning, . 'He had had his own machine for, making tea-4a Sadover,; he called it—a Russian, machine "named after the great Russian battle," interjected the landlord. _ '. ; .* " There never was a less troublesome lodger. He -had his_latch-key and let himself in of a night as quiet as a ghost. He paid his "rent and all . extras to the moment.. . He gave his ■ name as. Longman—no Christian name. He received no letters and had no visitors most , retired gentleman." V Did this lodger wear spectacles ? Yes, always. He was a great sufferer with his eyes —haa burnt off his eye-lashes while making a chemical experiment, he. told Mrs." Durfin, which admission, with other things, the Russian Sadover, for instance; had made them, suspect bim of being a dynamiter."; He Jj'ad all the quiet ways of a; conspirator biding: his time—yet quite the gentleman through it all— and must have been at the top of the tree and one as gave his orders for others to Carry out. They had looked at his luggage arid they were ■ sure there wasn't am ounce of dynamite in that. A spare suit of clothes arid half a dozen-shirts was all he brought to the house and those things were all arranged in the chest of drawers and everything the pink of neatness. He brought a few books, a writing-case,- and. a papket of foolscap. He was a great one for scribbling. Had he. left any papers; ' anything over looked about his rooms. .". -. Nothing, except the torn .papers in the waste basket; those had been used for lighting fires. , directly after ho left. . -i • "Did he give yon,any reference when he came?" ■■■'-- .'...■ ' . .-M • . " He gave us a week's rent; .that, with his respectable:, appearance, : was -quite. ..satis factriry." . . -.- - Asked his age, Mr. Durfin guessed it at thirty. ; Mrs. Durfin gave him.five or sixryears • mora.- He wasvnot bald, but his hair was .very thin at the top of his head,.straight^.dark» brown hair, worn rather long.., Asked to describe him as (precisely assthey could, Mr. and Mrs. Durfin furnished me-.with these details. . . , ... : ' Height say five feet nine or .ten. Hands.and • feet small and particularly well shaped. His boo ts was a pleasure to black," Mr. Durfin added. Any makers hkmeriptbebbdts*,.:Ho. Hose aquiline; small nostrils, chin very square and firm, a chin you would never: try to im pose upon, evenJifjfou was given to imposing, which we Durfins are not. Complexion pale, nondescript, neither fair .nor- dark; What-.Mr. Durfin would call the London complexion. Any scar, peculiarity of -expression, or dis tinguishing mark about the man f None; Did they remember the manner of his leav ing their house on'tho 26th December?' Yes, so far as there was anything to remember. He went out early on Christmas Day and was absent all day, returning in a hansom before midnight. Mr.-Durfin noticed thet he was in evening dress when he came home, though he had left the house in his usual dark-grey suit. He went away with his portmanteau in a four wheeler early. on Boxing Day. - Mr. Durfin heard him tell the cabman, "Waterloo —loop line," and concluded that ho was going out of town frony that station. Ho had told them nothing of his plans, only asking for_ his account half an hour before he left.' He paid a week's rent in lieu of notice. ' , The second-floor had been let to a married couple and baby from- Manchester since Mr Longman left ; but these had gone hack: to the north a fortnight previously, so the rooms were • empty and I was welcome to look at thein.* I was sorry to find the rooms had been let— for this fact, taken in conjunction with Mrs. Durfin's cleanly habits, made it very unlikely that so much as a stray inch of paper left by Mr. Longman remained upon the premises. My experience has shown me that people of the criminal class, however careful to, remove all compromising material, will almost inevit ably leave something in any house; they have occupied ; but in rooms turned out and cleaned, and occupied, and turned out and cleaned again after that occupation, L could scarcely hope to find any trace of a departed - lodger. I went up to the second-floor however and used my eyes and my fingers to their utmost power. - • My eves were quick enough to notice an old fashioned bureau chest of drawers with a sloping'lid, which I lifted, displaying that arrangement of small drawers and pigeon holes which our ancestors loved. " Did your last lodgers make use of this nice old piece of furniture ?" I asked. "Hot they, sir," replied Mrs. Durfin, who ' had accompanied me, being better at stairs than her husband. "I don't believe they wrote half • a dozen letters while they were with us. They were always gadding. They came up to see : the sights of London, and it was 'theatres and - - musio-'alls night after _ night - and .supper wanted afterwardsand it was Crystal Palace and Tussauds or Tower every day. Mr. Long- , man, he wrote at that desk all the time he was here, dnd a fine state the mahogany was in with ink when he left." "And you cleaned it' carefully, I have no doubt." "I did all that beeswax and turpentine and elber grease could do, " she said, and I-hated the woman for-her uncompromising cleanli- i ness. y. •' • . "And you found no papers in any of these drawers?" 1 asked, pullihg them-Ml out ono-.. after another, as I talked, and peering into the recesses and secret places of the bureau. Mrs. Durfin coughed and paused .before-re plying. One look at her told m'e that she had , found something; but I went on with my examination of the drawers and pigeon-holes, pretending to be interested in the 'bureau as a piece of furniture. Mrs. Durfin coughed again. ■ ■ - - "Me and Durfin don't want to be-.mixed up . in no Hilerist cases,"' she said. " It'^ difficult. enough to make a living-in a street that keeps steadfastly going down without that." - : I assured her thai I was no Hihiiist hunter. I had certainly a motive in seeking informa tion about Mr. Longman; but it had to do with property and not Hihilism; -the good woman'sjbrow lightened at this and she told me that if she had known I was a respectable family.solicitor she" would have been more-free with me and on that she produced a -#rv ancient purse from her capacious1 pocket and from this purse extracted a small leaf of paper" evidently.torn from a note-book, which leaflet - she solemnly,'handedlo me. "That was the only scrap of paper that I found high or low after Mr. Longman left," she said; " and my husband thinks the writing on it is a Hilerist's cypher. ; Heither me nor - him can mako out a letter of it." The cypher was. the common, or Pitman, shorthand, and" I assured Mrs. -Durfin that thefe wiis nothing of a treasonable or alarming character in the dooument, which I should be glad to keep, if she would allow me. • : I slipped a sovereign into her -willing hand as I made tho request. "I think .you might make is two sovereigns, i sir, seeing that it's the only paper as he left .andjnayJead to valuable.information. -"Oh, Mrs. Durfin, what a woman of busi ness you are," said I as I gave her the'second sovereign and went oif with my find. It wasn't much, but' it was ■ something. I carried*it straight to a type- writing office where there are a lot of clover girls working under.a very clever young lady, some of-them we'll up in -shorthand. . .They know ine at the -office and are ready and willing to work for me. ' - ■ - _ "I'ani; coming back for-that paper and a type-written copy of it .in half an hour," said 1. - " You'd'better wait in my room," said the principal.' "I:never wait anywhere, my dear_ young lady.. I-can do something better with' my time than waiting in a room, if it's only watch-, ing the.faees in cbe. street.". . - ■: The copy and the original document were in an envelope ready for me when I went back to the office. \ : Two pages of widely spaced 'type-writing— neither beginning; nor end—a fragment of an essay or alecture, I could not tell which—but the indications pointed to oral delivery. Subject the everlasting working man; his educational.opportunities and possibilities of improvement. So much for the one trace the lodger had left behind him. And now %vhat did I think of Mr. Longman as a promising subject for further investigation? Not much assuredly.- The facts that he had worn spectacles ; that hid his eyes and that his description answered fairly enough to the gunmaker's description of his customer were something, but still not,much. Spectacles 'are so common—even the blue disguising goggle— and all descriptions of figure and appearance , are so vague. The circumstance of Longman's departure on Boxing Day was curious ; more especially.; as that departure was evidently unpremeditated, or the usual notice would have been given- Yet a studious man, with his head in the clouds, might omit such notice from sheer forgetfulness. The date of his hiring of the lodgings coin \- cided very nearly with the date of the purchase of the pistol. That fact was'also curious; but I have seen too many curious coincidences to attach much importance to them. Altogether the indications pointing to Longman as the murderer were of .the most shadowy; but so far I had been able to find nothing better, and I was inclined to follow these feeble lights across the quagmire of the unknown. The notes of lecture—essay-—or book might lead to my identification of the writer and the man once within my ken it might be possible to make such a retrospective investigation of his life ..as would reveal a connecting link between him and the murdered woman. My first business, therefore, was to trace the forty seven lines of typewriting; and this was by no means a hopeful business, since it was ' likely enough that these liaes formed part of some.unpublished essay or unspoken lecture and belonged to that vast mass of written thought which flever finds a public expression. (To be continued.) 