From the teen World. "A nice time of it you college dons have!' I observed enviously, looking round the oak-pa uelied room. I had coir.e up to spend a day or two with Rinioul at Trinity. We had been chums since our undergraduate un>s, and he had stayed on. first as Fellow and Tutor of his college, and next as a university professor. "It's a pleasant life enough," admit ted Riutoul. The dinner party he had given in my honor was over, and the last guest had departed. The caudles had burnt low- in their sconces. and the corners of the room lay in deep shadow. A weird Ja panese idol was dimly visible beside a carvou bookcase, over which hung "a magnificent repousse brass shield. Itiii- toul had antiquarian tastes, and indulg ed them to the uttermost. The em bers glimmered in an ancient Spanish brazier, and the andirons, of curiously twisted steel, represented grotesque heads, upheld liy strangely contorted bodies. 'There was an eerie feeling about the place, and I was not sorry when Rintoul proposed that we should adjourn to his sanctum, which opened out of the larger room. Here all was warmth and brightness ; two easy chairs were pulled up close to the fire, and ou a writing table be hind lay a mass of most disorderly pa pers, suggestive of Riutoui's morning labors. My friend installed me in the biggest chair, and drew up the spirit stand. He lit our pipes, and sat a while ill sociable silence. There was a meditative look in Rintoul's eyes; he lay back, watching the vortex rings of blue smoke vibrat ing upward one by one ere they disap peared in dim haze. "It is a groove, ali the same," he re marked suddenly. I smiled. Ho had not lost his old ha bit of recurring to the last remark but ten. "Life here, I mean." he continued. "No doubt we're very high-minded and superior: but we get into a. cut.-and- dried way of looking at things; we want shaking up with a few city men, to make us practical. Shake up a mer chant with a professor of political eco nomy, for instance, and the result will be— "Excepting tlieir nails, and the tips of their tails. Instead of two cats there weren't any ! " . , I quoted with a laugh. "It won't, do, Rintoul; the gulf is too wide; but you theorists cnu help us from al'ar, no doubt. I'm a practical man." This trite conclusion 1 threw in to bal- a nee the judicious vagueness of my speech, which I diinly felt to be some what lacking in meaning. But Rintoul was not listening: he had apparently gone off on quite a dif ferent tack. "Do you believe in ghosts?" was Ids next observation. I started. The question chimed in unpleasantly with the creeping sensa tions which 1 had experienced in the other room. "No. I don't." I responded, with un necessary emphasis. "That beastly psyelncai has done no end of harm in popularising spooks. Yon feel a cold shiver run down your hack and see a shadow on the wall, and just at. that moment occurs the death of the grand mother of your next door neighbor. There's something so futile and sense less about it— like the grammar sen tences in Olleudorf." "That kind is irritating, certainly." assented Rintoul gravely, "but. I don't see that you have unbounded belief in uuy. Iluit you have proved it to be any the less a spook. Terhaps you have an unbounded belief in coincidence?" "Oh, bother!" I said crossly. "I have not an unbounded belief in anything; let's talk of something else; I was never good at arguments, and— I don't like ghosts." This was feeble: lnit Rintoul spared me, and we did not pursue the subject. He seemed thoughtful, and gazed ab stractedly into the lire. I leaned back luxuriously, admiring one or two rare etchings that hung over the mantel: Rintoul was a. connoisseur in suc-h. Suddenly my eye fell upon a drawing in red chalk, just opposite my friend's chair. I recognised Rintoul's touch — they say that he might have made a inau in the world of art had he not chosen to embark on a classical career. "What a magnificent head," I remark ed. "One doesn't often meet with a fellow with a profile like that. Fancy, I suppose?" "No; a portrait done from memory, but a good likeness for all that. He was a pupil of mine." Rintoul relapsed into silenc-e, and the smoke rings curled up as before. The pictured face was a strangely in teresting one. There was a haunting sadness about it, an indefinable sugges tion of promise unfulfilled. I felt sure that there was a story attached to it. "I'll tell you about liirn, if you like," said my friend at last, knocking the ashes out of his pipe and laying it on the table. I settled myself to listen. "It was at Rugby I firet came across him," Rintoul began, "when I was ex amining down there for the locals one summer. The day was very hot, and I was sitting with a class that was in for elementary chemistry. - I had taken some papers with me to occupy me, but finished tliem some time before the ex amination was over, and amused my self by looking round the room at the hoys. Most of them were pegging away like mad — some writing down nonsense, no doubt. One, however, was staring blankly ahead: his lips were moving, and I fancied 1 caught ike echo of some kind of rhyme. lie had evidently tor- gotten souie imponaur point, and was striving hard to remember it. He was the handsomest lad I had even seen; brand, deop-chesied. p'Tfeeily made, with the thews and sinews if a young Hercules, and a head— well, you see his face up there. "At last lie gave up iu doi-pair. and went on scribbling uuiil linie was up. The others gave in their papers and trooped our, Inn lie lingered behind, and when the last kid gone, burst out breathlessly: " "Please, sir. does oniric- chloride ef floresce or deliquesce?' "His impetuosity fairly took my breath away. " 'Think a moinein.' 1 said: 'if you've ever experimented, yon must have seen whether it takes in or gives out water.' "A cloud settled ou his brow as lie murmured: " 'Calcic chloride effloresces. Sodic sulphate deliquesces. Calcic chloride deliquesces.' " 'It. goes either way,' lie gasped in. horror; 'I made a little rhyme to help "me remember and I couldn't for the life of me recollect which way it went— I've made a muddle of the whole thing.' " 'My dear fellow, it would have been much less trouble to iliink than to try to reineiiilier a parrot rhyme— especially one that acts both ways'." 1 suggested. "'That's just what 1 can't do," he re plied sorrowfully: 'I can learn a thing by heart, but 1 cau'i think— it isn't in me.' "He looked up at ine. a sad. vague, puzzled expression in his eyes, and then he turned and left the room. The inci dent haunted me for a day or two. hut I was busy, and subsequent events soon put it out of my bead. After all it was no unusual tliiug for a schoolboy to make a mess of a chemistry exam." Rintoul paused and filled his pipe again. I did the same, and we smoked in silence for some time. Then he re sumed: "Three years later 1 was settled here as a classical tutor. As you know. I had not got. my professorship then, but was coaching pupils iu ilie ordinary way. There was a very large hatch of freshmen that October term, and according to report, some of those who had fallen to my lot were very pro mising. 1 had overhauled most of them, and was very well pleased with the result. One, however. I had yet to see — Keith, a ltugliy fellow. There was a knock at my door one morning a day or two after the beginning of the term. and. to my surprise, in walked my friend of the chemistry exatn. He had grown and developed, but was otherwise unchanged, and lie wore the same pathetically, puzzled expression. He announced himself as 'Keith.' and then started and flushed; I saw he had recognised me. "I remember' seeing you ai Rugby,' I said; 'got over the c-alcie chloride yet?' "His color deepened, l >'- f-\J -Jt " 0h, 1 was ploughed— I generally " aiil. \ "There was a look ot'.aohtaYpaiu oh his face, and I saw that I had touched, a tender spot, so I made some casual " remark, and began to: sound' liiifi.aslo his classical acquhemeutsr "Tlfey were not varied, hut fortunately be had settled his preliminaries, and could be- giu his special work at once. I fixed the hours at which lie was to come to me, and mapped out a plan of lectures which he was to attend. He noted it all carefully down, aud then departed with a sigh. There was really some thing very curious about his air of chronic depression. My old interest in him awakened, and I registered a firm resolve to pull him out of the slough of despond if possible. "Well. I did my best, but it was of no earthly use, Keitli had summed himself up correctly wlieu we first met —he simply had uo thinking powers; there was some strange want of con nection between the parts of his brain. He had a certain aptitude for learning things parrot-fashion, aud, oh, the amount of unnecessary trouble he gave himself! He reminded me of the child who was overheard persistently and diligently repeating to himself, 'A horse has four legs— a horse has four legs.' That was just Keith's style. At lec tures be invariably took down the di gressions with great care, omitting the essential parts, and liis unseen translations were things of horror. It was not that they were grammatically incon'cct— the principles of syntax had apparently been hammered into him somehow— but they were utterly devoid of style, and frequently of sense. It was like trying to teach an automaton, and I very soon gave up all hope of hiin. " 'Why don't you work for a pass?' I said impatiently one day, after an hour of more than baffling stupidity. " 'My father won't hear of it,' he re plied; 'be was a wrangler himself, and says he won't allow a sou to loaf through a poll degree. He can't grasp tlie fact that I'm no good— never was— never will be ' and his hand went wearily up to his head. " 'I've a good mind to write and sug gest to him that you specialise in ath letics; you ought to carry off your blue in no time,' I said, with a half-envious glance at the tall, straight figure. He only -sighed again, and went off slowly with his ljooks. "An incident occurred that afternoon that confirmed his account of himself. I had been taking a long country walk, and was sauntering back slowly oyer the river, when I heard steps behind me. It was Caffyn. a third-year man; he had his blue, was a very good all- round feliow.a ud was rather a favorite of mine. This afternoon he was evi dently very much put out; lie looked tired and cross, and there was a frown upon his brow. " 'It's that ass Keith.' lie said, apolo getically, as I turned to greet him. 'You should see him in a boat: he's about as much idea of rowing as a cow, and it's impossible to teach him. A fellow with that chest!' and he gave a dis gusted groan. " 'He'ii row a boat into the middle of next week, if you left him to himself— lie's muscle enough— but when it comes to keeping stroke, he's nowhere. It's just the way in playing tennis: he'll servo a ball into the next court hut one, and beg your pardon while you stand and swear at him. ne's just uo sense of direction: he'll be chucked out of everything if lie goes ou like this.' " 'Can't you account for it in any way?' I asked. " 'No; they say he was just the same at Rugby— a hopeless, well-meaning, impracticable duffer. I more than half believe he's not all there.' "tVe had reached Trinity, and I gave a weary sigh as I turned into my rooms It was such an unnecessary tragedy— that a fellow who, to all outward ap pearance. possessed every advantage, and was full of latent possibilities, should be just a hopeless failure. "But such was t lie case; he made stupendous efforts.but all to no purpose. As the end of his third year approached, lie grew more than usually despondent, aud begged me to write to his father, asking that he might forego the exami nation. " 'He'll never forgive me if I'm ploughed,' the lad said, 'and ploughed I shall be, to a dead certainty. It'll he all right when I get home, if they'll only let mo alone: there's a lot to he done on the estate, and I can work under direc tion, at anything that doesn't need brains. If only I once get away from this hateful place!' lie ended with a groan. "The most pathetic part of the whole thing was thai lie realised his own de fect. aud his inability to overcome it; his school and college life must have been one long period of torture. I wrote to his father, putting the matter as deli cately as I could, but the answer I re ceived proved him to be the worst kind of great Panjandrum, little button and all. The missive was short, and con tained n politely expressed intimation that lie was the best judge of his sou's capacity, aud that the said son knew what to expect if he still obstinately persisted iu doing his worst. I showed the letter to Keith; I could not well do otlierwise, as it was at his request that I had written. He went away very white, and set Lis lips. " 'My father thinks that it's just ob stinacy and idleness on my part,' he said; 'he'll never forgive me if I'm ploughed— a nd I shall he ploughed.' "The fatal day came at last. It was a lovely June morning, and my heart ached for him as lie passed my window \ou liis way to his penance. 1 met him iafter the first paper, however, and he 'seemed almost hopeful; he hart been lucky in his translations, both of which he had met with before. But the next paper floored hint utterly, and as tli'e week went on. he became reduced to a stgte of nervous misery that was piti ful to witness. The tripos was over at last, aud then the results Lad to he waited for. When they came out. a few days later, I need hardly say that the name of Keith did not appear on the list. It was a great blow to me, though, of course, I had known that it was in evitable. I avoided the fellow, not feeling able to offer him any consola tion, and went for a day up the river.1" " 'After all. it's a storm iu a teaettp,' I said to myself, reflectively; 'what's a tripos, after all? Keith's got the making of a man in him somewhere, and this one blow won't floor liini. "This I uttered aloud and defiantly, resting on my oars as I sculled up the river; but somehow the words did not carry conviction. "After leaving my boat, I sauntered home by tbe Backs, aud stopped a mo- ineut by Trinity Bridge before entering uiy rooms. It was an oppressive, air less night; there was scarcely a ripple ou the water, and not a leaf was mov ing on the trees. I walked through the cloisters into Neville's Court. No one was about; the college seemed to have adjourned to the Great Court; at all events, there was a good deal of talking and moving about down there. I was tired, and went straight up my stair case into my large room— the one out of this." He indicated the half-open door with his finger. "In the blackness I could just discern the gleam of the shield against the wall. He continued : "As I entered, a sudden rush of cold air made me shiver. I was puzzled to account for it on such a night, but supposed that my sudden entry must have caused a draught. To my sur prise the room was not empty; a figure was standing near the mantel, its head bowed on its hands. It looked up as I approached, and in the dim light I re cognised Keith. His face was ghastly pale, and his lips moved for a moment or two.before words shaped themselves. " 'I've come to thank you for all you've done for me,' he said: 'I wonder if I ever could hare been any good in the world— anywhere else?' "I stretched my hand out, but he did not seem to see iU j \ "'My dear fellow,' I said, "voU ,aTe everything before you yet. It is sheer folly to take the result of your exam so much to heart. Your father won't eat you.' " 'It's too late.' he repeated, in the same level, dull, monotonous tone— 'i.-j late— too late.' There was a terrible liuuted expression in liis eyes. rea soned, exhorted, pleaded, but all to no avail. 'I've had my last chance, and lost it,' he said: 'you've been vcrv good to inc. hut I knew it was of no use' "His head went down on his hand-; again. A chill, eerie, feeling came ovc me: it was as though I could n,,( ,-..f near him at all; my words scoiucd'io float past him. unheeded and unheard " 'Go back to your rooms, and j,j bed,' 1 said, ai last; 'you are worn our I II come round aud talk to vou lo-morl row.' "I moved towards the door and he fol lowed me slowly. We passed down the stair together, and out into the cloi«i(.|-o The moon was rising over the river ami as we stood there again I felt a brenih of icy wind sweeping round the court. It Wits very strange. " 'I can't understand ' I was begin ning. turning to my compam'ou, wio-n to my astonishment I found that he wu< no longer at my side. "It was a mystery to me how he could have vanished so suddenly. I colled his name." but there was no answer utor an ineffectual search I concluded thai ho had gone back to his rooms by some mysterious short cut. and, being vcrv weary, I turned in. "The next morning I awoke with a vague feeling Hint something unpleasant had happened — you know tlicsensation? I was just recalling the events of tlm night before when Vic- ars. my gvp. en tered the room. ." "Wa?. tbcl' auJ'thiug going on last night, Vicars?' I asked. 'I eaino in i.r,e aud there seemed to be some excitement outside the dining hall.' "Vicars looked very grave. " 'So you haven't heard, sir?' he said. 'Young Mr Keith shot, himself jusi he- fore the hall— lie was stone dead wh< u they found hint; the doctor says i: mirt have been instantaneous.' "It was t wo hours later that 1 had seen and spoken with him!" There was a very long silence after my friend had finished his tale. 1 had no explanation to offer: such an adven ture was altogether beyond the limits of my experience. "It was I who broke the news i<> his people," said Rintoul at last ; "the old man never got over it— he died that year. I did not tell them about my strange ex perience; it would have served no pur pose. But one thing I am sure of." in; added, as we lighted our candles, and prepared for bed, "tliat: poor Keith has had another chance since then."— "Household AVords." 