Parisian Parlance. Pahir,' September 4. Ono view of tlio Franco-Russian alliance has bdon left rather in tlio shaclo, and yet it is ' of paramount im portance for the welfare of this country —the iniluence of Russian conservatism in putting noxt to an extinguisher on the wind-hags aud their stock in trade of phrases for" the regeneration of the universe, &c.; Fromier Melino has already effected much in this line by making cloudy legislators, with excel sior programmes, state prosaically what they want, and dofino it in a short bill that could be placed on the table of the House, hut only on the day devoted to consider in- croyablo and eccentric propositions. Tho moment -the visionaries are tied down to preoision and faot, thoir day dreams vanish like ghosts at cockcrow. Tho fear of endangering tho Czar's friendship will produce more order than President llrisson'B boll, if kept ringing from sunrise to sunset, ulso tho addi tional terror of putting on his hat and rotiring from tho Chamber. To bo able to play that card gives to M. Molino a lease of power for fivo years, us ho will sweep tho country at the coming general elections, and his majority will , keep him in tho saddlo for tho four years of Constitutional life. Now that would he a bol age for a French Cabinet to attain. The enthusiasm fever has subsided a little. Gradually opinion will bo able to " take an observation " of the boar- iugs of tho alliunco, after ravelling in the iucenso of tho word. That the contents of tho boud of alliance will be made known is not oxpootocl ; of course the Government would bo only too happy to publish tho provisions of tho deed, but the _ Czar would eortainly object to havo his private papers given up to public curiosity. As no Power intends to commit an aggression, to bring- about any territorial distribution of Europo, tho treaty appears vague. They arc the unknown consequences of an aggression, of tho donnuut passions, hates, and ambitions thoy would kindle that mako adventurers pause, and to prefer the ills they have than to Uy to others thoy know not of. Tho proof of tho pudding is said to lie in. tho eating. Let the impatient ho patient, and the treaty will reveal itself by its working. An attempt, to -dominate Europe diplomatically would soon bring a hornot's nest about tbo dual nlliauco. Tho latter could oluinr to havo its raiton d'etre from that trond on the part of the Kaiser ; so ho is in a souse hoist with his own petard. It is not conceivablo that the statesmen who govern . tho British Empire will over, givo tho fivo Powers cause to lenguo themselves against hor, however they may envy hor wealth and power. There she romaine allied to herself, pursuing her glorious mission of tonoliing nutions liow to livo. Sho wunts no war, but it is well known sho will not shirk it where hor honour and interests are concerned. Sho combines what tho highest authorities admit to ho tho deciding olemohts in tho next general war-tlio longest purso and tbo greatest navy. Tho price to induco her to quit hor splendid isolation would tako the bidder for her aid a long time to calculate. .The impression is gaining ground that the quartern loaf will not mount higher in price. The bakers plainly hold that opinion, and thoy are iu a sense neutral, since it is tho Prefect do la Seine wlio regulates the prico at which they must soil tho 2-kilogrammo loaf. It is un fortunate that France has not yot made known authoritatively the extent of tho shortage in hor harvest this year. That is one cause of trouble. Preparations are boing ntado to sow autumn wheat aud rye, and one-sixth of the total grain yield of tho country is required for seed ing purposes. In addition to beiug short in point of yiold, tho quality' of the wheat is inferior. It is 10 per . cent less heavy in tho bushel. Ill any case no famine threatens; if the loaf costs a littlo dearer, that will make households more frugal about old crusts. Should wheaten loaves fall short, wo must fall hack on othor brcadstuffs — in fault of thrushes, as tho provorb says, wo must pat up with blackbirds. Opinions may differ as .to the advan tages Franco gains by the offioinl declaration of the alliance ; but there is only unanimity as to tho genuine success President Fuuro has achieved, whether in his figurehead or diplomatic eapuoity. No ono can bogrudgo him his laurels ; lie weara them too so modestly, simply delighted that his fellow citizons approve of his having dono his best. Even satire is gonial for him; it but shows that Frenchmen must oxoroise their wit. Thoy would not hesitate to do so at the expense of thoir mistresses, and what greater sacrifice from them could be de sired? One skit represents the presi dent, with laurelled bond, in tho arena of a circus, smilingly carrying in 'his hands a woll-tied bladder, and address ing tho audionco says, "Gentlemen, thore's something insido that." Turkey would commit a grave orror to ignore the significance of the address presontoil to Premier Meline in favour of tlio Armenians. It 1b signed not only by politioiaus of evory shade, - hut what perhaps has rarely been witnessed, by eminent mon . in art, science, and literature, who never appoar on stagas liko that in ques tion. The petition reminds tho Minister that the massacre of Armenians has not ceased, nor have measures been "adoptoil to provont their reourrenco. Tho eve of the signing of the peaco treaty hetweon Greece and Turkoy is the appropriate moment to let the Porte see that the reformation of the Turkish Empire shall not bb lost sight of. However, first clear the Turks out of Thossaly and Creto, and let England be ready when tho occasion offers to impound tho tributo money of Cyprus and Egypt. 01' courso, tho usual phobists havo already decided tho fate of British India ; tho " alio tmont system " has been ap plied to tho territory, and evory ambi tion will bo satisfied. Tho hear is not yot killed; bnt tho skin can be divided in advance to save time. That is tho only sackcloth thoy will put on in honour of boing deprived of what others covoted so long. All tho blows that tho British Empire may honce- forward have to deliver should bo fashioned so thut thoir ricochet will reach the remotest corners of the world. Then Britain will bo remembered. The lesson of 1896 proved of incalculable benefit to hor; she was able to count, and to engrave in hor memory, her many well wishers. Aud wbut did tlio coalition of day-dreamers- effect ? To1 accolerate the federation of hor empire, to knit her people together, and to remain armed to tho teeth and so imi tate tho othor Powors, as tho host safe guard for herself and tho peace of the world, in which sho has so deep a stake. Of course cool judges know from tho. oxperieneo. acquired by- Franco .that only the sword, ready to' he unsheathed, can keep wild tribes in ordor. Any othor coddling system must have a calamitous termination for foreigu resi dents. Whon tribes rebol, despite the. observance of good faith towards thdin, thore is but one cure. Tho Indian Gov ernment, it is admitted, will rise to the occasion, and drivo home a lesson' that will bo effectivo for many generations'. In the present altered situation; of'.'tho world, tho Napoleonic maxim novel- was! more iu' season, " Strike quick ,an3 strike strong."- No one boliovcs that tho frontier rising- is aided from horo, the consensus of opinion agrees it is ..tlio! individual work of 'the Sultan,' just. as he organised tho mussaoro of the 3U0,000 Armenians. "" . t. ' Tho contemplated visit of tho Kqisor. to Jerusalem next Easter is accepted seriously. Iu Syria Germany lias many important colonios, and lias " hit France severely as a consequoneo in her trado with the Levant. It is also associated' with tho old rumour of giving- Franco; Syria us u compensation for British. Egypt. So long as Emperor William has no navy to rulo tlio sous his colonios cannot' bo of much utility. In easo of war, and should thoy- he worth, appro- - printing, Franco or Britain will take chargo of thorn. How to make ' tho French colonies known to the French?. Thut is the newest thesis of colonial oxpunsion; and not inferior to . many. For years tlio; Chamber voted 50,000 francs a yonr to a spooinl offico in the oity, where evory information was to he obtained respect ing Algeria, tho greatest and most costly of ull tho colonial failures' of France. Indeed the chief utility of Algeria would seem to bo to grew alfa for un English - paper-making company, tho French' proving indifferent to tho value of tlirit raw material. No ono called at the olHco for any information, oven to- inquire if Algorio "still stninls where it did ; the Budgot Commission lias cuu-- ccllcd the subsidy. It is now proposed to advertise the ndvnntagos of Algorin as an El Dorado, and givo instances of fortunes rapidly mado thore. To induce a Klondike rush, tho Govormucut is recommended to place posters in 150,000 estublishmouts that it can command — local post offices, tobacco shops, railway stations, mayors' offices, &e.;_ The experiment would bo worth trying. But is tho Government prepared to assist tho emigrant oithor by a Home stead Act or by securing him work for u coi-tainty in advauco ? Tho French are explorers — the North Pole excepted — but as colonisers thoy have not yut hit upon tho solution. However, it must over be admitted in nil fairness to Franco whon summing up her case, that sho lias tho pick of the worst climntos for her colonics. Tho motor car is comiug. In 1896, France consumed 7,088 horses for food, or 1,656 more than in 1895. Eachhorso in 1896, yiolded a quarter of a ton — 250 kilogrammes of flosn food, some 1,770 tons in all. , 