night Whether tho prediction be fulfilled or not. a large number of the retail assistants intend to exert thomselves anew with tho object of securing the boon for' which they have been fighting with moro or less en thusiasm for some years. Tbo Retail Assis tants' Association, finding itself loss influential than formerly, has given up the ghost, and a new organization is to carry on tho early elosinjr crusade. At the mooting on Monday night, which was attended by about 200 shop usutants, it was agreed to form a new Asso ciation, 'Tho Early -dosing Association of South Australia.' A committee of the old Association has drafted a series of rules for its Spverament, and those will bo printed and circulated amongst the shop assistants. Tho ram of £130 bas l-een handed over from the Retail Assistants' Association to the newly sreated body, which it is intended shall bo initiated with the Trades and Labour Council wd tho United Labour Party. . A Christian'' Lawyer Wasted.— Tha Rev. Joseph Berry, in apologizing to the Council of Churches for his absence at. the meeting called to discuss the subject of gambling on Monday afternoon, wrote urging that some thing effective should be done. 'Cannot any man bo found who would make this bis life's work for a fow years?' wrote the pastor of tho Kent Town Church. '* I havo been wondering whether tho Ror. H. T. Burgess could be secured for the work and paid something, but I have not had the opportunity of saying a word to him on tho subject. If a Christian lawyer could bo had with some leisure and means and pluck, that would be better still. Try and find one.' How unconsciously dry and subtle ! Mark Twain could not have been more delicious!}* funny. There is an inex plicable something about the terao and expressive sentence of suggestive command 'Try and find one' which conveys a spirit of bopelessnen which, of course, was never in tended. The Secretary of the Council read the four words in vomething of a plaintive tone, too, which inspired the thought of the double meaning. Moxumest to AxOto Explorer.- Mr. R. X. Wells, of Coolgardie, according to the Border WaUh, recently instructed Mr. T. Kelly, of Mount Gambier, to prepare, accord ing to. design, a marblo monument to be erected in Penola Cemetery to tho memory of bis father and mother. Tho work bas boen completed and put iu its place. Tho bottom buo is of Mount Gambier stoue, moulded base die, plinth cap and column, with urn. The monument is neatly fenced with a massivo twist nil with chain and tasseL The inscrip tions are :— To the memory of Henry Edmund Wells and Ellen, his wife; Thomas Allen Wells, WiUiam Hobatt Wells, and Charles Frederick Wells. The inscription as regards the last-named gentleman refers to his having perished in the exploration of north-west Australia. The seventh verse of Gordon's poem 'Gone,' slightly altered, is appro priately added. It reads as follows:— Th«n gnat that whenever, aooo or late. Our course i* run and our goal U reached. w« may meet our tain a.i s.euly and straight \- A* ti« wnoae bone* to yon iloaert bleached; . So trars are needed-onr cheeks are dry, \V« have none to waste upon llrlnc woe; Shall we »igh for one who lia» ceaicT to sigh, ilaring gone, ray f rieutU, when we all mut goT The Axglo- American Fedeilm, Sestdjot. —At a luncheon on August tf, to which all tbo members of the Lambeth Conference were invited, given in the hall of tho Grocer*' Com pany by the United Boards of Miisioaa of Canterbury and York, tho Archbishop of Canterbury presided, and proposed, after the toast oP'The Queen,' 'The Health of the President of tbo United Slates.' Ho was sure, ho said, they would be ready to do all honour to the man who was the choice of that great Republic with which we were bound in many close ties, which we desired to be our warm friend throughout all our history— (cheers)— with which wo desired to cultivate the most intimate, tho closest relations, and which we admired among all the natious of the earth. (Cheers.) England, perhaps, would admire England most— (laughter)— but as suredly if there was another country that we admired from our hearts it was that jrreat country that partook of our blood, that studied our literature, that read. the ^^ great talo oLour. put history, that still kept our common law, that in so many ways was more English than was ordinarily supposed. {Laughter.) He felt that we had brothers, and we assured them in return that they had brothers here. The Bishop of London, in proposing 'Our Sister Church in America,' said that there were between the American Bishops and their English brethren certain superficial differences noticeable.- The American Bbhops were mnoh more conservative and less democratic. (Laughter.) But except that trifiing diffe rence, there was none other that was recog nisable. Tho Bishop of Minnesota, responding, said that there- was no amusement dearer to a certain class of jingoes among the American people than to tread upon the lion's tail— (laughter)— but the great beating htsart, not of Churchmen alone, 'but of all that loved the Lord Jesus Christ and bad faith in the mission of the English-speaking race, beat in unison with that of Englishmen. (Cheors.) Ho con cluded by proposing 'The Colonial and Mis sionary Church, 'which was acknowledged by tbo Archbishop of Rupert's Land and the Bishop of Calcutta, tho latter of whom pro posed ''The Homo Churches.' Tho Bishop of Aberdeen, the Bishop of Cork, and the Archbishop of Canterbury responded. - A PEK3IAX Ixocstbt.— In his recently published book entitled 'Round about Ar menia,' says tho Brititk Trade Journal, the record of a journey across the Balkans, through Turkey and tho Caucasus and Persia, in 1895, Mr. K. A. Brayley Hodgctts gives an account of his interview with Mr. Wood, an English Consul :— 'Do you know what those are mado of?' Mr. Wood, asked me, as he handed mo an ash-tray of papier-mache 'They look like papier- raddi*1,' I replied. ' So they are.!' he said, 'but they aro made of British Bibles. You have no idea what a boon these Bibles are to the village industries of Persia.' I was very much amused at this statement, and naturally accepted it with tbe proverbial grain of salt; but I have siuc« ascertained that Mr. Wood's information was absolutely trust worthy. . A Famous Isdus Regiment. — When ever or wherever in tho future they may be called upon to defend tbo interests of the empire tbe Queen's Own Guides may be trusted to show thanuclvos second to no regi ment or corps in tlto British Army. Agaiu and again they have distinguished themselves, both individually and as a corps ; but one in stance mutt suffice of the fearlessness and dash which early made them remarkable, and for which they have ever since been famoo*. Ono August day nowa was brought hurriedly to tlis British catnp that a- party of Mulraj's cavalry had driven off a herd of Government camels which were grazing iu the open country some few miles away. Lieutenant Lamsdcn was absent at tho mo ment ; but those of the Guides who were in caiuD— less, than seventy horsemen in all turned out tinder a gallant frontier cbief, Faieh Khan by name, aud within a few minutes of tho first alarm they were .racing across country in thu dircctiou taken by the mauranders. A gallop of three miles brought the troop suddenly-within sight of the enemy, when instead of a small party as they bad ex pected they found themselves confronted with tho whole forco of Mnliafs cavalry. The apparition of so superior a forco might well havo chocked tbe ardour of tbo pursuers, but no odds were so great as to appal the Guides. Without check or hesitation . the gallant littfo band charged straight at the opposing- mass of hor&cdon;, and before che latter had time to taw them they had cat their way right through their midst. Rapidly rally inzahd wheeling about, choy ch&rgcti; back as they had come, through tho ranks' of the con' fused and astonished enemy, dealing destrnc; tion as they passed. Stupefied by tho attack, the Sikhs stood irresolute, when, before thoy could decide whether to retreat or retaliate, again thcirdauntless foes bore down upon them. This settled the issue of tho combat: before tho whirling linn of Guides' horsemen could clow with them a third tiino the ononty broko and iied, oliteeiy pursued by Vateh Khan and his victorious bawl, nor did either draw rein till tht; w.tlls of Mooir.-.n Rare shelter to the vannuisti»d and chi-ckcd the career of thu pur .???Hri.— Fn-:ii ' Tiio Queen's Own Guides, ' in llitn-m-^miVi Mtt- nf'iis. ;|iE^T^C£p«SS|RiEmm^?;E^iy ^ewSjc ; isRoing to -b6tim$aa& ib will soon belijraccess,' ?Mdjfs) speaker at thetiSass' mooting of shop assistants in ihlV; Tradeac Hall on i- Mondav 