MR. AFFLECK IN YASi?, On Thursday night, the 1st instant. Mr. Affleck, the member for Yass Plains, delivered an address in the Oddfellows' Ilall, 011 the subject of his stewardship to a rather small audience. The utility and excellence of a good rational lecture can perhaps be best manifested by the fact that "all are satisfied,"' for we are sure that no man, be bis views what they max-, knows any mean, jealous grudge to hold his praises buck. AA'e can safely say that Mr. Affleck did not take up a dogmatical air, nor. a monopoly of the conversation, and to everyone in the hail he must have appeared practical as well as idealistic,'' AYe think it. the perfection of a Member of Parliament to be able to give an account of his oiiiceship, especially when it is consummate in every respect and fraught with instructions to all. " Good sense will stagnate. Thoughts shut up want air, and spoil, like bales unopened to the sun." Air. A. W. Thomson, of Victoria House, occupied the chair. The Chairman, 011 rising said : — Electors of Yass Plains anil Gentlemen,— Mr. Affleck asked nte to take the chair to-night, and it is with verv great pleasure I. have done so : but 1 extremely regret to say that then: are only a few here to listen to tho member's address. Of course that is accounted for by the fact that there was 110 bellman | engaged ; had Air. Affleck had a bellman he 1 would have roused up the electors, because there is mi entertainment 011 to- night and the people have simply forgotten that this meeting was to take place ; but we can't help it now and will onlv have to make, the best of it. 1 I The A la vol' wis asked to take tie1 chair ' to-night, -and of course it i> his boimden duty ; to do so, but he has found some excuse which . prevents his doing his duty. It is a good j thing that people can find excuses whenever j they wish. The A favor's excuse was that in- | may be called away to .S.dney any moment, ! but there is one thing certain, that lie v.a- in ! town litis evening and had not gone avay. I f lie wanted to go to Sydney he could hate gone by the mail t rain, for Air. Affleck is in a going to speak all night, and .1 think that lie being the Alayor lie should take the chair when asked, whatever be the political views of the speaker. No doubt people know their own business bpst. so T won't say more about ' it. Air. Affleck is going to give you to-night : an account of his work since he w:i- la-t here. , lie is well- known to you all, and although, lm ivniy not please emu:-, because he is very blunt, as Scotchmen are, still 1 think lie plea.-ed most, and they have no fault to find with him. Air. Affleck al wavs -tales what lie means. ' and means what lie state-. I admire such a man, but won't say more, and will introduce Alt'. Affleck to you. I am sorry limre are so few here, lutt it can't be helped. Air. Affleck 011. rising was applauded and -aid : — Gentlemen, and Electors of Yas- Plains,—- 1 am rather disappointed that there are so few here to-night, but had I. thought the bell would have had any eflect 1 should have j engaged one for the night, still I put a ; different construction on the small attendance than the chairman. Aly construction is that everybody are so well satisfied with me. that 1 hey don't care whether they hear me speak or not, yet I have a pledge to keep and I. must, for in the Alechanics' Institute when T first appeared before vou. I .said that I would never be afraid to come and give an account, of my -tcwai'dsliip. and it i- for tin: fulfilment of t hat pledge that F am speaking here to-night. During last session of Parliament, no le-- than -H very important .Nets were oas-cd. ami I. intend to review these at a -hi n't length. One of the.uj which may not be of very great importance to the elector- of \ a- <, yet of very great, importance to the electors of New tjouth Wales is the " Conditional 'Purchases Bill." By this Bill, if a selector can't- pay the money on his selection, In. can have the interest reduced from Is. to Gd. per acre if lie has paid sufficient money ; if not, lie can have it reduced to 'Jd. tin acre, but if a selector can not get the interest reduced to Gd.. then J. would strongly advise him to pay the Is . simple because lie would only have half the time to pay for. And if a-selector can't pay at all, in future he can have his selection transferred into a homestead selection, and this is oquallv as good as a' freehold property, for he can have deeds of a " homestead, ' and then it will only be evicted from one to the other. By this Act the selector has simply to pay the rent and reside 011 the land, he need make no more improvements than what suits himself. J think the rent is 21 per cent. 011 the value of the land. The old Act made a person pay as much for land worth 2s. Gd. an acre, as for land worth .£1 or £0 an .acre, but now it is diilerent, for .a selector pays 011 tho value of his land only. This is a great concession to .-electors, and another one is, that if a selector sells out, lie is never allowed , to select again, and this in a great measure 1 prevents the crimes which have continually been in existence since lifCl. Another very important Bill was the', Amendment of the .State Children's Act." Formerly a person could get children front the state and were p.atd so much a week, hut m.anv a mother rather than leave her cliilJren would starve. It is only a mothers love could make her do that, and therefore why should she not. be paid the money instead of ! strangers ? Now the clause is altered, and it j is legal that a mother shall get the money that j was paid away. Before the Bill became law, I I was the means of getting two families in . Yass that assistance. Then it was against ', the law, but since, this important measure lias been passed. Another Bill, which, certainly i- not very ! material to the electors of Yass, hut is to the electors around Sydney, is the " Electra! Tramway Bill!" Some members wished n> have the railway extended from Redfern to Hyde Park, and J was disposed to help tliem with their Bill because T deemed it necessary, but I did not see the. fun of extending a railway from Redfern to Circular Quay, so p voted against- it. I think that a tramway from Redfern right away round by Circular Quay to Redfern again, carrying both goods from the ships and passengers, would be far more beneficial tluin the railway carrying only passengers right through the middle, and I ant prepared to help the Government to pa-s this Bill. ' -The next was the "Coal Alines Bill." T must confess that L cannot enter into the lMirticulars of this, for although T have sat. and !i-t>'iie.| to the ill-bates of members. 1 know nothing about Coal Alines. But as even member of coal-mining districts voted for the Bill, and as far as I. could see there was nothing wanting, 1 think I. did prope b voting for it. Another impoitant Bill wa tlje " Conservation of AY, -iter." and I may say iltr'tt Mr. Coghlan is now scouring New Houth Wales in order jo find suitable places to make liis experiments. The next- very, very important Bill is "The limit of amounts to lie sued for in cases of Railway .accidents,-'' for now. by law, no one can claim above £2000. Another is the "Amendment of the Electoral Act." AYe, .have also had the Electoral rights extended to the year 1000, instead of their expiring this year. There is another very important Bill, 'which, 1 am very sorry to sav has caused me to lo-e confidence in our present Premier. Wo had a long discussion over the Civil fiervice Bill, and the Premier was verv par ticular about certain provi-ions, but it had not the ghost of a show. Another measure was the " Shop and Factories Bill," to which I moved an amendment, bur. it was thrown out. Another important Bill is the " Public Health Bill," but it is outrageously strict. I moved an amendment, but it had not a -ingle show, and I stood on the floor and exposed both these clauses, for there i- ,a verv great difference in being stringent and monstrously severe. The next was the " Alining on Private Property Bill," .and I fought .and kicked against it, and nowminersonlyhave to pavsomueli rent as the warden fixes. Tho next Bill, and one of vital importance is the Restriction Act." This is reserved for Her ALaje-tvs deci-ion. and George lleid makes it his excuse for going home to rake part in. what I call. ;t j champagne guzzle. It is a good job he can get an excuse whenever he wants it. He want- j to loc-k up Parliament until he conies back. 1 which statement means that our- is onlv a ' one-horse government. He savs on the 'J-fih of this month he will call u- together and vote ' a three month-' .Supply Bill, anil lock up ! Parliament ; but he thinks to make us white slave-, when lie come- hack, bv forcing 11s to work day and night, and I am not 011 for that. 1 I am perfectly satisfied that he should not go to England, but if he does go. then I eoti-iiii-r we are quite able to conduct the government in his -absence. Y'oit may all remember thai some months ago. s.,ine fellow calling hiin-eif "Barkis di-put.'d Mr. I G.-id's statement that .a surplus existed of ,-£3o0.0u0. 1. then pro mised that when I earne to Yass. I would prove that such a surplus did exist. Now i gentlemen, us I am not in a position to give 1 lore information I will give you the account - i which 1 have given before, and which Mr. Ronnie .-ays will he substantially correct. 'Idle receipts for that y.-ar v.-.-re J'J.USs, ! .1 1 j 2s. 7d.. and the expenditure f"'' she same \v.ar j was £8,757. 1 5,- 8-. Gd.. therefore vou will -co | that llie surplus amoun' s to £331.302 IP. Id.. ! which is exactly white .Mr. Ib-id at j first state i. Mr. AieC.'auiey : Was imt I the actual expenditure £'800,000 more j ihitn given by Air. lleid. and did not I that gentleman take a surplus from George I DLbbs' account and charge it to former year- .' ! Mr. lleid spent .£000,000 'moie than i- | attributable, but he did nor debit it to his I accounts, i'ur he charged it to previous year-. ! Is that not so Mr. .-Affleck : I admit there was a certain amount of inonev which was not spent in OG which was spent ity Air. Reid. and as you can see by the Appropriation Act. Air. Reid did debit it to himself, but remember that ,£21 G. 000 of George Dibbs's decrease in expenditure wa- taken oil' the Roads and | Bridges of tho colony. A- no more questions | were asked. Air. Affleck proposed u vote of i thanks to the chairman. Thi- concluded the meeting. 