THE TRUE STORY OF MRS. PREST. Bt frf.nE sauvaoe, IK vaxitv fair. Thrice had I, Joha Willoughby Pettigrew, . SLA., a middle aged non-practising barrister of - artistic temperament, softened by a sense of humor and a comfortable income, proposed to Mrs. Prcst. In Rome by moonlight, in Venico in glaring daylight, and at my aunt, Lady Tabitha Dorking's, bill by gaslight. All these , were of the nature of the lights that failed, for I my wistful, beautiful, mysterious widow was still as far off as the North Pole, glittering and icy ; nnd I could only prowl round her like a white hear and growl as I prowled. Yet I can without conceit say that she liked me. "\Vo were excellent comrades. We loved art, and had a keen sense of tho ridiculous. When I wrote stories for the, fashionable weeklies, dabbled in the drama, - and made pretty poems about her (my chief, rhymes were "growl" and "prowl"), signed "Ursa Major," she wrote ine exquisitely appreciative aud amusing criticisms. But beyond being hor own "Big Bear" I could not I get. For all that she played Laura to my Petraroli, Beatrice to my Dante, and Stella to | my Swift. She was indeed the other, if not the better, half of me. Of hor first husband I she would never speak, save to say that it was a < foolish schoolgirl freak, and no business of the Bear's. Hor own people and Aunt Tabitha, who was fond of her, were reticent, but there was at cgcnd to the effect that Caleb Prest had disappeared, arrested at the church door— like the heroes of Adelphi plays of tho old brand. Her singularly sad smile fascinated me, yet bound me to discreet silence ; so I kept on loving her ns a sort of religion, got grey, and lived chiefly at the club. A combination of my new religion and tha olub life got on my nervos, and so, by doctor's orders, I eloped with myself to Great Malton, one of the little inland Highlands of Central England, where puro air, water, sensible hours, drives, walkB and a fairly reputable rubber at - the local club helped me liberally to heal the while I worked at my article on Fifteenth Cen tury Architecture. You see, Great Malton possessed a Triory Church, half Norman, half fifteenth century — perpendicular Gothic ; with stained glaBS of suriiassing beauty. It was part of my creed iust.then to be keen-about coufuscd jumbles of bits of saints, and violet angels, and coats of arms, and Lalos kaleidoscopically flung together in east windows. I wrote to her about my work, arid it waa quite in the fitness of things that Elinor Prest should turn up with sundry brothers and Bistera and Aunt Tabitha for a fortnight's inland cruise. Tho Bea never agreed with Nellie. I joined forces with the family, and we "did" every- _ thing— British'camp, long and Bhort excursions, mistletoe oaks, black and white, half timber houses, where' kings and queens used, to sleep in giant four posters, and, of course, the archi tecture. I had diligently read up -the guide books, and waa consequently learned: and inter- .. eating over trefoils, quatre- foils, corbels, crockets, and all the geology, botany and natural . history of the district. I made no lore to my Queen Elinor, as. I : called her ; but I archly and bitterly alluded to that royalty of tho dagger and bowl as a wicked . woman. . ".Then, my dear Bear,' 1 said Nellie,' "got, you - to your Rosamund's bower, and tell her all : about Gregory V1I." I was good at popes. I went to the club and lost a "bumper" liy neglecting to lend the queen of clubs ; much to the irritation of my partner, my own pet local doctor, who testily observed that "packs" (his own treatment) were of no use to mc ! ' Play the man, said Pride to mc as I paid up for those two trebles, and I confess 1 became intolerably well informed as the winged hours swept over the grey-green hitis Hiso cloud shadows. Moreover, 1 was irritntiugly polite .to her, and she laughed. She had a laugh like the chime of a silver bell. Then I thawed and gave a little dinner at my hotel. I fancy I must have been in good form, for, after coifee on the terrace, Mrs. Preat, who had been ratlior silent, rose and shook out her plumago. "Mr. Fettigrew," she said earnestly, "you want your revenge at whist. I see, you are so —so secular to-night. Go and have it. I am going to personally conduct this party to the Priory. I must Bee the moonlight. coming through that east window. ' IPs all right, Mr. Bear —this was nicer than Mr. Pctfcigrew — ' ' your aunt has squared the sexton." '"Obtained exceptional facility for artistic study," said Aunt Tabitha; "but, really, I won't go without John." I was really grateful to Aunt Tabitha, and exclaimed: "How lovely 1 a perfect inspira tion ! You seer before the wild wave of icono-. clasm passed by tho Priory in its wooded nook beneath tliohiils-—" "Guide book, page 31," screamed the little sister, laughing. (Little cat ! — in short frocks, and her hair down, too 1) Anyhow, we "aid" what' no mortal had ever done "before— we " did" .the priory as the clock struck 10. The soxton— a queer, wrinkled old chnp— let us in with 'a deferential Bmirk, and vanished into the. graveyard, saying he would return to let us out and lock up in half on hour. Then we wandered about, talking in awe struck whiskers.; Dimly we discerned ghosts of crusading, cross . legged knights and cowled monks, as I delivered myself of elaborate Rusk inian pronouncements concerning the - Seven Lamps of Architecture, the heads drawn in pure yellow in the cusps under tho transoms, and tho clerestory windows in the chancel. Nellie loofced tired, and T cut short my sermon. All my angels, my ono angel," I murmured, "are like that stained glass— seemingly glow ing, but so cold." "No angel is stained, and you must not talk . liko that here. Let us getaway from the others . I want you." "We got into shadow land and talked, more wisely, more earnestly than we ever had talked \- before ; and our hearts stood still as we heard the subdued laugbtor of the family procession filing out, obedieut to the sexton's decree. "Nell and her philosophical old Bear have gone home," I heard tho little Bister say; and then the door was looked, and she and I were all alone in the Priory. : " This will be a lark, Queen Elinor ; we will just frighten them a bit. You are not afraid?" . "Not with you, my Bear j-but it isn't & lark, : it is serious." "It is, Nellie," I broke out, "here, in this holy place, I swear ! Oh ? why can you not givo mo your life and your sweet self to take care of?'' "HubIi! You shall see." Possibly it was sacriligious, but I walked boldly up the altar steps, and taking a huge wax candle set up for Eastcrings, lit it with a match from my case, and followed her as she led the way to tho vestry, looking like some mediaeval lady martyr pieced together out of the window mosaic. In the vestry, by the light of my big candle, she found tho books, turned over the long, thick leaves with supreme asaur- . . ance, and then pointed to an entry, Baying : "Read." I could only mumble out in amazement, "Elinor Armit, spinster; . . . Caleb Prest, bachelor. . . Then the rector's signature and the witnesses' names stared at mo. "What doe3 it mean, Nellie ? " It means that I was married before that altar in this church seven yearB ago." But he is dead— or you haven't heard of him for Bevon years. Same thing, isn't it?" ."Soe, my friend," Bhe whispered, "there lies mv secret. "What gossip says is true. He was taken from mo— it was something about a cheque— thero " — she pointed to the closed ddor. " Ho— how do you put it ?— got ' seven years; and I am no wife, and no widow — no nothing ! I don't know what I am." A big sob choked the rest. "Sly darling, my Nellie !" I said, I tried to console and comfort and feel brave. But the situation was becoming vividly dramatic. Before us there, by tho fitful light of the gauntcandle, by. the record of her ill- starred marriage. . She had come to Great Malton to see it. And I, with all my love for her rising in me, could only'glare at the fearsome page. "Come, dear old Bear, she sighed, "you and I must- cloae the book." And she suited the action to her only too obvious metaphor. "Soit !" I replied, sulkily (I generally talk French when excited). And then we knocked at the locked door. No answer. I shouted " What ho, without 1" in ironical mood. Silence. Then tho situation flashed on me. Tho sexton was in . bed, we were half a mile from home, and practically prisoners. " Bear, dear, ring the bell," said Nellie. \- Checking a deBire to lecture on the Curfew, . I rushed to tho belfry. It was locked. She sank . Into a pew, put hor feet on a hassock, and, with a touch of her old humor, suggested wo should use the form of " Prayer for Those who are at Sec." : ' Is there no way out of this Btupid tangle, Bear ? Can't you make a noise some way ? Are you a him ancient or modern? Do, please; do something. Happy thought I Tho organ 1" " Splendid idea. Then she sat down before the thing of many pipes, and I retired into a dark corner behind . the scenes, and worked at the bellows for all I i was worth. Snrcly nevor was there so strange an' organ recital I She pulled out all tho stops, I fancy, and .with triple manual and pedals let loose a torrent of glorious music. I pumped away vigorously ; bIio played, and small wonder was it that tho wciru stream of . melody flooded the sleeping town I I was literally almost pumped out when wo heard the \- sharp, metallic click of tho bolts as they shot .back and let in the grumbling, muttering sexton, with a discordant criticism of " What's a' this misbehavoring when good folks s'd be abed?" " My good man," I observed, as I emerged, in heated and unpicturcaquo condition, from my hiding place, " this lady and I were lost and left alone owing to your carelessness, and we have taken this method of summoning you." "Queer time o night for such goings on, and If the rector " I judicioualj' jingled some coins. " It's a case for the Court of Archc9, so it is," he went on, relentlessly. "Leave him to me,' said Nellie, standing up fearlessly and pushing back the stops. Their eyes met as she tolu the story with simple dignity. He glared at her, and then found tongue. "Deary me! I mind it well now! Seven years ago come Easter ! Poor lady, yo was wedded to that man Prest — ye pardon for alluding to it — and — ch? What's that? A light in vestry? Maybo you was looking at regiBtree in vestrj ? " I " I was You know me?" I "Never forgot pretty faces o pretty brides, I an' 'ave seen a sight in my time. Comb back to vestry ; maybo I II show ye summat int'rest- ing." " The Lady Chapel, rich iu tiles , I began ; but tho sexton had headed our proces sion, and wo three in the vestry turned over suudry old leaves as I mentally resolved to turn over one new leaf. " Here it is, right enough, lady." It was the registry of the death of Caleb Prest, who died and was buried in thi6 parish. " Aye 1 he comb back liore to die, an' said soft words about yo 'fore I dug his grave. Maybe I'll see yo again at this altar. Go homo saftlv." Tho candle wont out suddenly. So did wo. 