History of Forbes. In an interview with one of the oldest townsmen, Mr. J. B. Reymond, the following interestiog facts were elicited — My poartntr, Mr. Auguste Nicolas, end I are natives of France. In the early days of California ho went there, mined for some time, and, not being very successful, sailed for Australia, w here gold had just been discovered. The ship he was in being short of provisions, he lauded in New Zealand, and was prospecting there for a few months. He found gold, hut not in payable quantities, and then found bis way to Victoria. He worked at M'lvor'p, where he met with a fair measure of success, and returned to Fiance in 1855. I then met hiua, and his accounts of tic new countiies he had visited and of the gold he had won mode me feel dissatisfied wi'h my lot. I resigned iny position, and in IS5G we. left France together for Australia. We lai ded in Melbourne early in March, iS57. We had brought with us a g- rural assortment of goods, not exactly from a needle to an anchor, but m my wares of many kind'. We male a feeble, half-hearted attempt to lent a shop, but the allurements of t' e goldfit Ids were too str ng. We sold out and shouldered swags far too large for our strength, for we marked our track by t he different articles that, day by day, we left l a the roadside to lighten our burden. From 1857 to 1862 we followed mitaing on several Victorian gold fields, tut with only indifferent luck. When the Lachlan goldfie'd broke cut we were at Chilt- rn, shareholders in a payable c'aim. We sold out and came to what is now Forbes. By that time our mining enthusiasm had considerably c olfddoavu, and we decided to go into business. Wo trectedon the north bank of the Lachlau River, a b'trle over a mile from the town of Forlaes, the sawmill that wo have been avorking to this day. Forbes was then a busy and to all appearances a thriving palace. Its population was estimated at 3000, and was probably more. The South Le-.d, the Union Lead, the Vic toria Lead, the Caledonia Lead were being . worked, and giving returns from good to exceedingly rich. Men avho had gone down a shaft to bottom it and had taken a billy of water with them had come out of it with the hilly half full of gold. Meu avho a few months before were shepiherding sheepa or mustering cattle averc noav swagger'ng through the streets with a cheque-book in their- pocket. They no longer answered to the name of Tom, Bill, Jack or Hurry ; they were Mr. So-and-so. .and don't you forget it. Those were braare spending, gambling, squandering days. What, need was there to take, care of money r Four splendid leads had been di coa-ered you might say in so many avecks. Dozens more aa*ould be found. There avas a lead in every gully. To the south rich quar tz reefs had been found - Croker's, the Pinnacle, the Ironbarks, the Soldier's avert cru'Iiing ounces to tbe ton : to the north Stnc'und's reef and the reefs at Currajong avere as good as ana' at dunes, lake care ef money, irrdced 1 Why, this was the true Eldorado. And fresh loads were marked every day. They were given high-sounding name-, ^ares were bought aud sold, and the m ning sheprherds were well paaid to go and spend a couple SHEEP SHED, FORBES SHOWGROUND. PHOTOS BY F. HOaVE, FORBES. .. ' ' _ „ - MAIN PAVILION, FORBES SHOWGROUND. of lours a day 011 tie claims of tbore new leads waiting for tic prospectors to bottcin. There was tie Deep Shaft and t' e While Ee f, tie Camp Lead, the Canadian, tie Oieidian, the King, the tjueen, and many moie to keep prospec ors sinking, sin p- licrds at ' play, to fuel shares for sharps to sell, tor flats to buy. Our prop'e were not always engaged in Irafficing in gold shares ; we lad p'eidy of ex citement to till iu cur spare time. -IVe lad tie bush rangfers iu our neighbouilcod, and sometimes amongst us. The latest exploits of Gardii er, Beu . Hall, Gilbert, Dunn, and others always afforded interesting topics of conversation. We lad our civil and military magnates. Captain Brown and lis staff of goldtield eonnnissioi ers, Sir Frederick Pct tingr-r, Captaiu Blark, Me. sr.'. Noiton, Sanderson, Cbatfield and otliers gave our canvas town the ap pearance of an old sett'ement. Politics were eagerly d'seussed, at least as far as 'they weie connected with in ning. Wo had Mr. Vera, op perhaps I should say General Voru, of Fureka Stockade fame; we had Mr. Spicer, from Lambiug Flat ; Mr. Toipy, lately M.L.A. for Orange ; tie late Mr. Donnelly, M.L.A. forCowra ; and lis brother Mr. S. Donnelly, now of Aimidale. Of otln r prominent residents I will name only Mr. Mitchell, our clerk of petty sessions, son of tic la'c Sit- Thomas M tchcllraud the brothers Thompson, -afterwards well known on tie turf. The exciting, fever'sh life of '(3*2 diu not last long. The leads were worked out, no new oi cs were found, meu who had come here with money went away penniless, men who had made thousands disappeared and turned up in other places at their former occupations— shepherding sheep, grooming horses, billiard marking. The population of 3000 dwindled down to 500. My partner and I found ourselves then with a saw mill plant, no woik to elo, aud very little money. We maele up our minel to stick to the place, aud went through some hard times. One of us would remain at the mill and by himself cut what small orders for timber would come in now and then ; the other would go in the hush for logs. We made a shingle- cutting machine and cut shingles. We made a fellow -cutting machine and cut fellows, for which wc found a market in Orange and Eathurst. About 'tin a small lead of gold was dis covered and marked the turning point in the fortunes of Forbes. Miners came back, a demand for timber sprung up. We then bought our logs. I would bark them, bring them up near the saw bench, then I would deliver timber and collect accouuts. If I could lind tine 1 would help Nicolas with the cutting. Our books weie always kept at night. We knew notliing of the eight-hour system. The d:scovery of one lead - f gold led to the discovery of more, timber was in dimand, and we were kept busy. We eaved a little money, and when, in 186(5, the operations of Sir John Robertson's Land Act were extended to this part of the colony I selected 320 acres on the Lachlan River, about thiee miles from the sawmill. I moved my family on the selec tion, aud from 'fill to '70 I went every evening to the selection and came cveiy niorniDg to the sawmill for my day's work. Every night I would be burning off on the selection after tea, or planting fruit trees, or doing one of the many 1h:ngs that a marr on the land has to do, if he is not in the wrong place. Those four years were, I think, the happiest of my life. I had plenty of laid wor k to do, could do it, aud did do it. Tiro great flood of '70 forced me to remove my family hack to the sawmill, and I have never gouo hack to 1 he selection. I hud doue my three years' residence, and was no longer a serf of the glebe. In the meantime the farm had helped the sawmill, Grenfell and Parkcs had been discovered, a great demand for forage existed, we giew large quantities cf , liny aud found ready sale for it. We wer e now employers of hbotrr. It struck us that if we could giow hay, we could grow wheat, and we tried it'. We had a fair- crop, but cur nearest mr rkct was Orange, 80 miles away. Eighty mil s of team carriage left little to tie grower, co we made up cur nrind to build a flour rod). It was no small uudn taking. It took us three years to do it. We l.ad to earu as we expended. Tn.de was slack again, and we built biicgcs, gaols, pohce barracks, iu fact turned our hands to i n\ thing by which we cculd earn incucy. In spile of laul work, 11 r ft, and raving, s- me liabilities, heavy fcr us, 1 ad to te in curred lefoie the flour mill was ccmpktcd. Fo thbt. when it was c mpleled, w e 1 cd to wc ik hai der ai d longer hours to nnet all our engagements. We woiked on— ft.i inrrs, cawyeis, ei g reus. contractora, millers, bcokkecpeie. engiiudiiv n, f'uiigiowns, vigacrots, full cf confidence in tuuelves, scouting the idea that a rnau has to serve a long apprentice ship before he can do a thiug ; aud the wonder is that we are not utterly broken down in health and $ ' ' ' - utterly bankrupt. Dmi' g that busy life I found time to t ke a si are in the public life of the ] lac, on ti c public piriform, in 11 e p; ess. I have ten ail aldeimau, u irayor, and am now nrcinbcr of Par liament. Lookii g buck i ovv ovei tic 40 years of lnv colonial life I cannot In lp wis i ig I had a templed 1- ss, but the temptation was v. ly grit; tl ere was £0 much t ) do aud so few peo] lu tl c'.o it. Of course we have pad for our si' s. I have, now to uce a typewriter, for my hand is too uust' ady to hold a pen, and I am no longer al le to do a day's work. Forbe s w is called into existence by a great muring rush, which promised exceed ugly well at first, but Gzzled out in a ccup'e of yeais. The laud in the neighbouihood was 1 eld by catlle l'reeders,- who as a rule took li'e easy. Tl ey. Bo.ujd must' r cnce a year and se'l ti e fat?. Some did* a little dairying, but as the nearest markets were Bathurst and Sydney a load of cheese a sea' on was about as much as any of them prod qred. The g' Id rush was not welcome to the squatters. S'r John Robertson's Act was then the law of the laud, although not in fores in tlrs district. They did n-t w*nt st augers to come and spy the spots on which homes n i^ht I c established: they did a1! i hey c uld to create the impression that this was purely a pastoral country. The failure of the gold mines played into their hands, but a few miners remained and tried a little culti vation. Wonderful to relate, cabbages grew, wheat and oats gave heavier yields than in other parts of the colony, hut then the drought ghost wns raised. Old settlers would speak of the times when there was not a drop of rain for IS months, when there was not a drink of water to le hucl from Forbes to Wentworlh* In ISfiC fie 3 selec'.ku before suivey came . in, but only a few selections were taken up. IhpLjrev.val of gold-mining created a dematd for jfed..—- ... ? agricultural pioducc. Catlle legan to give way to fh(ep, ai.d ncre land wob taken up. For a time settlement prot ie.csed st a suto-fcctoiy late and on healthy lircs : but Ihe bhukniM cr put in an appear ance. Tie sq- at'er made the terrible mistake to buy him cut, thciel y fuini-1 h'g h'm with tte nnars of exteufirp lis c pel alio s. and 'and sett'cmci t gave place to h r.d joLI irg. Faitl hriigei sctin, boi ks at d fit £ l cihl institut ces foi nd moriy. if ut t cn Ico easy teims at lent! tc o icadily ; fne re'cctois who had made ooutoiiaHe limes: id woe nakirpa l'virg woe t- mptid 1 y tl e j rites of ocd 1h- tr, cc Id out. and in too many iiw-fauccs svel'cd the unpic dcctivo prj- ulnticii rf It e t- wt:sl i] f, si me wa tirg frr (cmeilii'g to tvin up. others ojoipg j uMic l.ouscs, tl e n aji nlv of It cm going ihicuf h Heir money and having to begin life afrit h. Allthete phases of laud settlement exerted a marked ir fleence on the fortunes of Forbes. With better laud law6 Forbes would have been, by this time, the thriving town its situation and the fertility of the s il round it will soir.e diy make it. The drawback iu Forbes is the drawback over the whole of the colony. 1 here are not enough producers ; there is not enough taken out of the la ud. Georges Ville adv'ses meu who in - tend to make a. living by the land to be careful and get no more tl an tbey can well work. Wi'h us the settler wanls not as much laud as he can well w- rk, but as much land as lie c..n. ride round in a day. When we ihoroughh realise that a family Can m ike a go.id living on five acr. s whilst it can spend a . fortune and then s aive o:i 10,000 acres, we shall have taken the first s'ep towards the Li d'scttlcinciit which v ill make possible the realisation of the bright future for Australia of which we hear so much — mostly i a after-diuner speeches. 