RELIGIOUP. Mx. OCIAPPL.E, of Prince Alfred Ool lege, Adelaide, proposes to visit West Australia during the recess to advise with Rev. G. E. Rowe, of Perth, re the establishment of a Boys' College in that city. Professor Henry Drummond, whose long illness has caused much anxiety to his friends, has recently made gratifying progress towards recovery. He is still at Tunbridge Wells. During the absence of the Primate in England next year at the Tambeth conference, Dean Cowper will, it is understood, act as the Bishop's cr.m missary. He will be assisted in. his duties by Archdeacon Gunther, snd Archdeacon Langley. The .eov. Father Fouhy, P . . trator of the Roman Cathjf' inis of Brisbane, who h as. ' diocese from a visit to Europes c returned a firm of organ buhp .rranged with provid.e St. 'atx& -.ers in France to new orgn;,L aI O, . a Cathedral with a sufficim ly a, an as the cathedral is A ýu qurv /anced to receive it. ir4o th , for £50 has been paid AundI.UC , t, MP'rys Cathedral fair to ,1 -Lr. T. Ourran, M.P. Prior \-- . departure for Europe Miss .acett donated £10 and a hand somely inlaid Killarney table for the fair. The Commission of Presbyterian Assembly meets in Sydney on the 7th proximo. The standing committees of the church will meet during the same week. The Presbytery of Melbourne South has sustained a call from Suv~a, Fiji, to Rev. W. Jones. Rev. S. Kessell has accepted a unanimous invitation to remain a third year in the Wollongong Primi tive Methodist circuit. Rev; R. Kay (Presb.) has declined the re-call to Glen Innes. Canon Stone-Wigg has raised £750 in England towards the Church Insti tute to be erected in Brisbane. Friends of the diocese of Adolaide are seeking to secure for it a portion of the late Mr. Marriott's munificont bequest of £500,000. A new order for clergymen of the Church of England is announed to bhn k?,wnf as "Companions of the Holy Saviour. Its members will live a community e, bound by the three community -r . .. . . Vows of poverty, "elibacy, and obedi ence. But it may be estioned (says an L.:rican p?uer), "if a ;t l-estab lleaed povei:ty plus Oelibacy 8i,' 8 potft factors in a~eading the roeligion of JesuS aIs the employment mo y and persoa~c d ervice in ca:j?ving. gospel to foreign lands. And in this work we venturd t6 express the con viction that a lovely wife is a far better agency than the most solemn and lone some bachelorhood." Rev. Joseph Robertson, of SBtow Church, Adelaide, and Rev. Dr. Roseby, of Sydney, have arranged an exchange of pulpits in January. Rev. A. Armstrong, of Tamworth, has declined to be nominated for the Moderatorship of the General Assem bly of New South Wales. The Pres bytery of Murrumbidgee have, there fore, nominated Dr. Bruce, of North Sydney, in his stead. Archdeacon Morse returns to Ade laide by the Oruba, leaving London on the 8th January. The Archdeacon has collected a sum of £65 for the River Murray 1Wissionary steamer, the Etona. Arrangement ~'r' l~eing made for the celebration of the jubilee of the establishment of tfi9Anglioan Chuich in Victoria by the onsecration of Bishop Perry in 1847. The new Bishop of I?don has a keen sense of humouro. .During a confirmation tour in the dCiocese of Peterborough, Dr. Creighton put up one evening in an old manor house, and slept in a room supposed to be haunted. Next morning, at breakfast, the Bishop was asked whether he had seen the ghost. "Yes," he replied, with great solemnity, "but I have laidthe spirit; it will never trouble you again., On being further inter rogated is to what he had done, the Bishop said: "The ghost instantly vanished when I asked for a subscrip. tion towards the restoration of Peter. i borough Oathedral." Rev. Hugh Price Hughes' ancestors on his mother's side were Jews, according to the "Temple Magazine." It appears that long ago a Jew named Levi settled at Haverfordwest, and, to disguise his nationality, adopted the name of Phillips. From one of his daughters Mr. Hughes' mother s descended, and from another comes the Irith family of Plunkets; so that there is a opecies of cousinship between the present Archbishop of Dublin and the superintbndent of the West London Wesleyan Mission. It is now an ihdisputable fact that Ayerst Hall, Cambridge, has been bought by the DIke of Norfolk for the purpose of' creatiiag a hostel or clrrical house for Roman Citholic students, who will alob be under graduates of the University. It is reported that the Rev. G; D; Buchanan, of Brisbane, has resigned his charge of Wickham Terrace Ohurch, and accepted the position of immigration lecturer in England. The Bishop.designate of Peter borough (England), Mr. Carr Glyn, makes another addition to the ranks of the Bishops who are total ab stainers. The Chireh Standard considers "in cumbent" a better designation for an Australian clergyman than rector. At All Saints' Church, Singleton, the Bishop of Newcastle preached morning and evening last Sunday. At the former service the dedication of a prayer desk, erected to the memory of the late Canon Shaw, took place. The Young Men's Olub in conneo tion with Dawson-street Church, Bal learat, lost 30 young men during the past year by removals to West Aue tralia. 