SCIENCE. SCIENCE NOTES. It is no uncommon experience to find upon new photographic plates certain images for which there seems no possible explana- tion, their startling and unaccountable ap- pearance being "wropt in mistry," causing astonishment not unmixed with uncanny feeling. A gentleman made an exposure upon the interior of a friend's house; he was doubtful of the time, and proceeded to develop for under exposure. To his great surprise the plate developed quickly, and to his greater surprise the image was an interior quite different from that upon which he had exposed. The plate was from a fresh box and could not possibly have had a previous exposure. Another instance of the kind, having quite a sensational and tragic ending, is on record. An exposure was made upon a view having a river in the foreground. The photographer, while de- veloping this peculiar plate, was perfectly astounded by an appearance which he had not seen while taking the photograph, and for which he could in no way account. On completing the development there was plainly revealed, in the foreground of the picture, the figure of a woman, apparently floating upright in the water. Not many weeks after, to complete the mys- tery, the body of a woman was found in the river at the exact spot where the photograph had been taken. Again, not long since, the daily papers were agi- tated over the account of a travelling photo- grapher, who, upon making an exposure upon the exterior of a reputed haunted house, discovered at one of the windows a portrait of the murdered man through whom the house had gained its evil name. In another case three distinct images, hav- ing no connection one with the other, were impressed upon a single film. The plate was exposed upon a garden in the evening— nothing remarkable being seen— but when placed in the developer a man's hat of old fashioned shape, a child's dress and a dog was distributed over the image of the gar den. Such mysterious images were more common in the days of wet plates than now. A few years back Professor Burton investigated the matter. Upon tracing back the history of the glass he found that it had been used for other films, and that the images which appeared undoubtedly arose from the remains of previous images. The old glass was thus proved to be the source of the ghosts; it only deepened the scientific mystery, while it cleared away the supernatural. The glass traced by Bur ton had been washed for some weeks, im mersed in strong nitric acid, and every means taken to ensure chemical cleanli ness, yet, in spite of all this, enough energy remained latent to form a developable image upon the new film; whether, by che mical or physical force remains to be dis covered. A complete solution of , the diffi culty would probably throw considerable light upon the nature of photographical images in general; at least, it seems to indicate that light is not absolutely essen tial in the formation of latent images in a sensitive film. The new element, argon, so called from the Greek word signifying idle or inactive, owing to its chemical inactivity, was dis covered by Lord Rayleigh and Professor Ramsay. Professor Ramsay heated mag nesium turnings red hot in a tube of glass "in contact with the nitrogen of the atmo sphere carefully purified from oxygen"; as absorption of the nitrogen gradually en sued, the gas that remained was extracted and carefully weighed, when, at the first experiment, the nitrogen was shown to have increased in density, and "instead of being 14 times as heavy as hydrogen, it was nearly 15 times as heavy." Further ex periments were carried on which resulted in proving that "nitrogen from all sources except the atmosphere weighed somewhat less than atmospheric nitrogen," and fur ther, "that nitrogen, procured from its com- pounds, when treated in the same way as atmospheric nitrogen, yields no trace of argon. And it must therefore be taken as proved without doubt that argon is actu ally present in the atmosphere as such, and is not produced by any process to which the nitrogen has been submitted in order to extract it." The density of argon has been found to be 19.94, while atmospheric nitrogen consists of pure nitrogen mixed with 1.86 per cent. of its volume of argon. It has been ascertained that its molecular weight is 39.88, and that it can be liquefied, in the process of which liquefaction it be- came apparent that argon is not a mixture of two elements. An article in the "Psychological Review" on the physical conditions of fatigue in reading, and the best means of avoiding it, states that the size of the type is the all im- portant condition of visual fatigue. No type less than 1.5 mm. in height should be used, the fatigue increasing rapidly even before the size becomes as small as this. The intensity of illumination is apparently of little consequence within the limits of day- light in well lighted rooms. Very low in- tensities, less than from 3 to 18 candle meters, are sources of greater fatigue than small type, and 100 cm. may be considered a safe limit. White light rather than yellow light should be used for artificial illumina- tion. The form of type is of less importance than the thickness of the letters. White paper should be used, though it is possible that the greater amount of light reflected from pure white paper may cause some fati- gue. Additional "leading" or spacing be- between the lines is also recommended. "According to M.R. Quinton," says "Cos- mos," "the different modes of reproduction observed in the animal scale — oviparous, marsupial, viviparous— are the immediate consequence of the cooling of the globe. Life appeared on the globe in a high temperature medium; it ... at the outset for its chemi- cal phenomena, the temperature of this sur- surrounding medium. The present representa- tives of this primitive age are the so-called 'cold-blooded' animals; these have undergone an adaptation that, now as then, determines an equality between their internal tempera- ture and that of the medium. But there were some who were not adapted to the fall of temperature which was the occasion of a thermic separation, more and more great, between the exterior medium and the animal chemical substance. The first beings were ovipa- rous. But in the presence of the separation in temperature this mode of reproduction could not exist any longer, and the animal was obliged to use its own heat to warm its eggs; hence the successive appearance of the marsupial mode, and then the viviparous mode, and the oviparous with incubation. From this theory of the origin of these methods of reproduction, M. Quinton thinks that he can deduce that of the types of mammals and birds." 