Rode a Race with Death. NIEUPORT'S ORDEAL. " I saw a pale horse and his rider was Death." says St. John, in Revelations, and some such spectacle was presented in the first coutest of Le Prix Zimmerman at the Seine track, on Sanday, April 25, revcailng the heartlessness of management and public. Nieuport had ridden a lively heat in the opening handicap, and in the big race had had a hard fight with Taylor in his heat, and another fierce struggle with Lambrecht in the semi-final. He seemed to be in distress when he went off to prepare for the final. Time went by, and the crowd grew impatient. Word came from the riders' quarters that Nieuport had an attack of cardiac syncope, orheartfailure, More impatience, no sympathy. Finally Nieuport came out for tbe start in the final. He was pale as moonlight, and his face was set in lines in pain. Not an expression of sympathy from the benches ; just a big buzz of expectancy, made more intense by the knowledge that the heart of one of the two was affected, and that he might actually drop dead. Then they would get their money's worth, sure enough. Piette, his opponent in the final, had no mercy on his ghastly adversary, and dnslied into the last lap at a fearful It looked like an easy win, but I heard'Nieuport gasp out to his pacemakers "Plus vite" (faster), and his almost glassy eyes flashed out again as the Fossier team carried him ahead. It was a lap seldom equalled in Paris racing history. There was no suspicion of a loaf. It was reeled off at a speed of 60 kilometres an hour, 10 more than Tom Linton made in his world's record ride last fall ; but still the ghost bent over liis handles, never let up. GAME TO THE LAST. As his white face swung into the straight, the grand-stand arose, some of them equally pale aB the thought of seeing a real death at the tape. But Nieuport lasted longer than they thought, or wished, perhaps, though only his moving legs showed he was alive as he crossed the line, for not even victory had raised a flush to relieve the pallor of his face, fixed in the rigidity of death. All knew he couldn't last long with that look. The collapse came as soon as he slowed up at the turn, and I jot off. The blood, released from his i egs, rushed back upon the over-strained heart, and Nieuport went down with such a look as Corbett must have had at Carson City. His comrades picked him up and carried him off to a doctor, while the crowd filed out, happy that it had got all it paid for, aud a little more. For a long while the doctor worked over the gritty rider before he could get the heart to working again. When he was restored the physician told him how narrowly he had escaped death. The man's stamina ought to give the lie to tbe statement, often heard, that the French are often quitters in the athletic field. I learned that after the semifinal Nieuport collapsed from heart failure. Ordinarily he should have rested for days before essaying any violent exercise. The doctor told him he had a weak heart and ought not to ride, but wha,t could poor Nieuport do, when he could hear the protests of the crowd and no word of sympathy from the management of the track 1 The latter remembered how the crowd lastsummer, furious over a cut in the pro- gramme, had wrecked the velodrome, and what was the death of Nieuport to the saving of several thousand francs ? So the poor fellow was crushed between the millstones of public and private rapacity.—Paris correspondent American Wheelman . ? 