NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. 1 A Theatrical Marriage Br ELDER BRUCE. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XX (Continued). ' Then, why did you marry me,' she said, ' You must have known I could not be a lady all at once, so why did you marry me.' I was in the mood for plain speaking at all hazards, but when I looked at her quivering face, her flashing eyes, I half hesitated as to the wisdom of answering her question. I shrugged my shoulders. ' Why did you marry me ?' I said. ' Oh, I will tell you in double quick 'time. ' I married you,' her voice trem bled so that she .paused for a second. 'I married you, fool that I was, because I thought being a lady and having nothing to do would be nice, and I was sick of the life with Jim and Susie. But I never cared one straw for you, Jerry,' she paused again breathing heavily and then added, with a long sobbing sigh, 'for I liked some one else, much better, a man, not a boy. The time when an avowal of this kind could have caused me any pain had perhaps passed, but I certainly felt great astonishment, followed by fierce anger, as I realised that from the very beginning she had hoodwinked me. All thoughts of mercy left me, and I determined to answer her as fiercely as she had answered me. I made your acquaintance,' I said pitiously, ' and followed it up, with but one object in view, and finally made a fool of myself and married you. It was to stop my father, Colonel Fitzgeorge, from marrying you. I was in hopes I could find out something that would convince him of the absurdity of the idea, and I lost my head over you, and married you myself, which you can't regret more deeply than I do.' I looked at her as I had finished speak ing. She had turned very pale. 'Did Colonel Fitzgeorge !'-(her voice faltered over his name)-' mean to ask me to marry him ?' she said at last. 'Yes, I believe so,' I returned moodily. After a few moments pause she sprang to her feet, tearing her wedding ring off her finger threw it on the ground, and then sinking back on her seat she burst into tears, such tears as I had never heard before, sobs in termingled with moaning cries that did not sound human, but more those of a wild animal in bodily torments. ' What is the matter now ?' I said drearily, watching the ring whirl rapidly for a few paces on the floor and then subside. More sobs and cries was the only answer. 'You see, Willie, I said, ' going to the theatre was a game not worth the candle, it only causes scenes and makes us both say what we may regret in calmer moments. Stop crying, there's a good girl, you will only make your self ill.' I picked the ring up as I spoke, with a vague thought of putting it on her finger again, but when she spoke I compromised matters by placing it on the table next her. 'Go away,' she cried between moans and sobs, ' go away, that's you, you've spoilt my life you wretched selfish boy.' As I heard her I felt melting, abso lutely melting, no anger, sorrow or surprise, just dead blank indifference. ' I never want to see you again,' she went on, ' That's you. you've spoilt my life, I cared for him and he cared for me ; I used to think he did till he went away, oh dear, oh dear, what shall I do !' It was the Colonel she loved then. This was a great blow to me, for I realised suddenly what the trouble of my interference had been. I was to a certain extent responsible. I looked at her with a species ofcontemptuous pity. Where was the use of these heroils. She was not the only person who had a torn aching heart. 'Why did you marry me,' I said miserably. 'You know yourself you encouraged my proposal.' I have thought since that it was a wrong speech on my part, but she did not resent it. 'I was so miserable,' so wretched when he went away without a word ; it seemed nonsense to think that he could ever care for me. I was desperate, reckless, possessed of a devil, Jim would have said, and that made me marry you.' 'Well it's too late now, so we must make the best of it,' I said with a philosophy I was far from feeling, ' and if I have spoilt your life, you have spoilt mine, so we can cry quits on that score at least ;if I could undo the past I would most cheerfully,' but- I finished with a despairing shrug of the shoulders. S. You wretched selfish boy, I hate yod, I wish I had never seen your hateful face,' she cried, after sobbing and moaning for several more minutes, nor would she say anything more than (this.; :$ - I* ? tried possibly in a half-hearted way, ,comforting her, reasoning with her; all -mn vain, only the one answer. '¥You • . wretched selfish boy, I hate you. Feeling in need of some moral stip port and comfort myself, I quickly wearied of abuse administered in so monotonous a form,.and left the room .wrhile she continued to give way to her grief arid temper in tihe noisy ostenta tious way so indicative of the class to :which she belonged. The night before at the club, a rather Spleasant young fellow named Fenton Shadsaid to me,' If you were a bachelor Fitzgeorge, I would ask you to join me in a trip to Drury, we could stay a couple of days, I recalled this now, and determined to find him out, and arrange to go at once. It was a way out of a difficulty. I was sure it would be better for Willie and me not to be together till we had both cooled a little and were more Sprepared to pick up the tangled threads I of our lives as best we might, and, to 4 adopt a commonplace form of express ion, make the best of a bad business. I I went in search Mrs. Elder first, and I put Willie under her care for a couple I of days, then I itelephoned to Fenton I that I was at his disposal should he be 1 in the same mind, and on receiving a I reply to the effect to get ready to start, I scribbled a few lines in pencil to i Willie, packed up my valise, and in an 4 hour's time was on my way to Drury I with Fenton. We often imagine, I I think, that if we can escape from the scenes of a temporary discomforture that we shall free ourselves of all recollection of it. But this is a mis take; unpleasant thoughts and me mories are ghosts, are obstinately t adverse to burial, and refuse decent t departure, preferring to remain above < ground for the purpose of haunting poor unfortunates. I certainly escaped from annoyance in the flesh by leaving I Willie and seeking change with Fenton ; but in the spirit I was on the rack, and about as miserable as I could well be, I nor had I the consolation of being able to give way to my grief, and go about with a rural countenance. I was forced I to maintain an air of sincerity if not joviality, listen to Fenton, and make suitable replies to his many varied remarks. He was an outspoken merry kind of a fellow, who evidently did not consider life 'a business that does not pay its expenses.' No, to him so far, it had been a pleasant and profitable affair, and his views of the future were of the most resolute, indeed his cheer fulness seemed almostapersonal affront to me in my frame of mind. He was engaged to be married, and as he grew more confidential, he showed decided signs of rhapsodising to me about his fiancee. This, I really had in self defence to discourage, and considering my own experiences, I think it to my credit that I did not indulge in gloomy forebodings for him from my own position as a married man of three months' standing; No, I maintained silence, rigid significant silence. The morning of the third day found me in Auckland, and mounting the stairs of the Hotel in that subdued frame of mind consequent on a doubt as to the sort of reception awaiting me, I passed Mr. Leonard Vanderbilt in the hall, we exchanged cool nods, but did not speak; it struck me that he smiled in a curious manner, but I did not heed him. I went straight to the sitting room, and the first thing that caught my eye was a letter stuck in the frame of a pier glass over the mantel piece ; it was addressed to me in Willie's stiffcaligraphy. As I opened the envelope I remember recalling to myself that this was the first letter she had ever written me. I wondered vaguely, too, where she was so early in the morning, and why she had written instead of speaking. The letter was a long one, the first part very carefully and neatly written, the latter showing. signs of carelessness and haste. I can not do better than give it verbatim, spelling and all. CHAPTER XXI. ' Gand Hotel, Auckland. 3rd April, 188 'My dear Jerry,-After you went yesterday I had histerics, and was very ill. Mrs. Elder was very kind. I am writing you this to say good-bye, for I can't see it's any kind of good our being together now. I expect you will call I me ungrateful again ; but I am not, for I thank you very much for allthe pretty things you have given me, and I am sure I'll recollect you kindly for a long time. I never ought to have married you, Jim said so-all along ; but I was so unhappy, and I was sick of work and everything after your father went away. t You can't understand what he was to a [ girl like me. The first real, good gen tleman who had ever noticed me, and I cared for him very much. But it's no I use writing of this. I am very sorry I f married you, Jerry, for I've been a punished for it. I've been so tired t sometimes of the life, that Iused to long I was back at work again, never mind how hard, and the shabby dresses too, I I'd have gone back to them sometimes ; but as Mr. Spencer West would say I ' It has been an experience,' and I i expect it has done us good. I don't think I'll ever want to be a lady again, i with nothing to do, for it's so hard to I remember what you must do, and what you must not. I am going with Mr. I Green's company tomorrow. He is t going to bring me out, and I mean to I work hard and get on, and you need not think I'll ever be different to what SI am now, you won't ever need be ashamed of me, but I can't come back, Jerry, even if you wan't me, which I'm t sure you won't, for I wasn't ever suited to you, and I think you are better a bachelor ; you weren't ever fitted for married life, you are too fickle and too selfish. Don't trouble, your head about me, I shall get on very well, .and be quite happy again by and bye, which you are sure to be too, that is if you trouble yourself less about what people think and say of me. If you want a divorce I shan't oppose it. You will know all about this better than me, so if you have anything to say that is not better left unsaid, you can write me G.P.O., 'Frisco. When you are in Melbourne call and see Sisie and Jim, won't you ? and tell them I've gone back to the stage. My hand is tired so I must end this-never wrote so much before. Don't bear any malace, for I don't. S ' Yours sincerely, 'Wilhelmina Fitzgeorge.' 'P.S.--If Colonel Fitzgeorge asks Safter me don't blame me too much, for I really I never meant it to end like this, only is came. I am to be Miss Willie Britagha,-not - Foster-in the bills now, so no one will know it's me. I .F.' She was gone bag and baggage, and apart fromnt my annoyance at the pub licity of her departure and the coin ments it must give rise to, apart from this was a sense of relief unacknow ledged at first even to myself, but existing nevertheless. Her letter too was not of the type to encourage re grets. I read it tnrough several times, actually fascinated by its selfish egotism, so characteristic of the steady a disregard she had shown all along for the comfort and convenience of anyone but herself. She had married me through sheer selfishness, she left me , through it. Threw all responsibilities a on my side as lightly as she had under taken them. I looked through the bed-room, she had left nothing behind her but a pair of shoes, slightly trodden down at the heel and generally worn. I picked them up and looked at them critically I re-calling Cinderella and her glass I slipper with cynicism. After this I went to the reading room and looked at the paper to see the dates fixed for departing steamers, and decided on returning to Hobart, so writing my woes I to the Colonel, I decided to make a I clean breast of the whole affair to him, and then join him after I received his reply. I reflected with satisfaction that by thus doing I should soon see the March's again. I left Auckland the next day. _My trip to Hobart was rendered rather ! unimportant through Mr. Vanderbilt I' being a fellow traveller, nor did he omfit , to point me out as an pbject of interest, 1 to the others, relating no doubt a high.' spiced and coloured account of tihe domestic tragedy that had overtaken me. For a deserted husband I think II bore myself with considerable fortitude, for certainly my loss affected my health and spirits very slightly. The letter I received from my father was a disappointment to me, though it certainly should not have been a sur- a prise, for there never had been any sympathy between us; though guardedly i enough expressed, it was cold in tone,. and the inference 'that it was all my own fault, and served me right ;' of his own part in the affair he said not one word, but wrote at' some length on Willie, and the necessity of a proper provision being made for her. To en sure my doing this he was willing to in crease my allowance, and he advised me to travel for the next year, and after that to make up for lost time, and study for some profession. Accordingly Willie received intimation through my solicitors that such a sum would be paid her quarterly. This she took without a word of thanks, and thus died opt of my life. I travelled for a year as suggested, and before six months of that time was over, I received an intimation of the Colonel's approaching marriage with Jacqueline March, duly followed by cards and cake. I am afraid I anathematized the in stability and mercenaresness of the feminine sex pretty roundly on hearing this. The happy couple, to use the usual formula, departed for a prolonged wed ding tour, just about the time I retur ned from my year of travel, to IMel bourne, where Tom Dillwyn welcomed me, warmly giving me full particulars of the Colonel's marriage ; he declared it to be an unmistakeable lover match, and indeed, I must admit that on their return to Australia they seemed very happy. My step- mamma however, had lost that air of melancholy, and weari ness of existence which had given her so distinct an individuality, but she is, and must always remain a very charm ing woman. I heard of Willie the other day ; she had bleached her hair golden, and is producing a perfect furore among the mashers of New York, on her excellent acting in emotional parts ; but we have never met, since that never to be forgotten day in Auckland. By the way in closing this I can make my farewell bow to the reader, as Gerald Fitzgeorge, M.D., &c.;, as since the commonplace events related in this I have passed successful exam inations in the noble art of healing, and finally I have bldssomed into a duly qualified practitioner, with a neat sur gery,.and the brightest of brass plates i correctly appointed brougham drawn by a pair of high stepping cobs and as the reader knows, who has had the I patience to follow me this far, I have also, that necessary qualification for a l medical man-a wife. THE END. 