THE POLITICIAN AND THE VAGABOND. TO THE EDITOEOP THE KALGOOBLIE MINER, Sir, — My attention has been called to some remarks made by Mr Vosper, M.L.A., on rogues and vagabonds. I have just seen the Kanoiona Democrat of December 4, in which appears a letter by Mr. Vosper on the subject. I have read the letter With astonishment, because Mr Vosper has made pretensions to being a social reformer. The degraded class of ' tramps ' and ' vagabonds ' is unfortu-, nately to be found in nearly every large town on the continent. ' Every society,' says the eminent Italian criminologist, ' has the criminals it; dest-rves.' Every society has also the ' cadgers,' the beggars, the' vagabonds, the para sites, the politicians, the insti tutions and government it dese ves. The 'loafer ' and vagabond are the complement of the millionaire and land monopolist. And vagabonds and beggars we must always have with Us while we have the hopelessness, despair, and poverty that unjust social conditions -and degrading environment breed. And these conditions remaining, not even the wisdow of God, as Henry George boldly. declares, c-tn banish beggary and vaga bondage. Only the Philistine and prig belisve that increasing the police force can cure the ills of society. 'Carica- tures of humanity,.' ' animalcules,'' foul- mouthed, dirty, useless,' are some ?of the appellations- which Mr Vos per hurls at the unfortiuiates. ; Never will I believe that a legislator who ?could pen such an inhuman indictment as anything more than a scheming self seeker. 'I am a iuan and nothing, human is foreign to me,' said a comedian in the corrupt period of; ancient Rome. I am a legislator and ;the police must keep the ' unwashed ' ; from my presence, says the Kanowna M.L.A. Now, it is sad to reflect, that, as far as I have observed, the 'cadgers' are not a whit more i'oul-uioutbed than/ ithe majority of the more prosperous. Invocations -to ''St. Blanlcy ' are too frequent among all classes on the dig- ; :gings. I heard the expressions ' by the hind leg of -the lamb of God,' ' by the left wing of the Holy Ghost ' in a saloon bar in.Coolgardie. The ' lower orders ' ape their betters, and ' that in the captain's but a choleric word,' etc. Your hard worker is not infrequently a hard drinker and swearer. More is the pity. And Mr Vosper seems to think the difference between the worker and ' cadger ' hardly great enough for the .average policeman to discover. ' I was ' ' -most careful in my representations to the Commission,' says Mr Vosper, ' to differentiate between the legitimate work ing men and these miserable wretches, and 1 think that tbe police will do the same.' Let us hope so ! In my ?opinion, the Kanowna police are not ?deserving of the censure passed on them .by Mr Vosper.— I am, etc., . . CHRISTIAN SOCIALIST. Kauowna, December 10. .'.'..' 