SOMETHING LIKE A GHOST STORY. Mr. J- Temple Leader furnished a ghosfr. story, founded on fact, with himself as one of the only two personages in it. A short time ? since Mr. Leader sent a copy of it to tho Arch- - bishop of York, and the story is summarisedK as follows in the London Daily News :— The . adventure happened a quarter of a century ago. Air. Leader was at tlie time on a visifr to his friend the late Marquis Struzzi, at 4* Via C^.CI of 1-1 r\f San Hnnii+n'' naor V'nnannA There he first heard the story of tha. discovery of a youth's skeleton, or rather ?- 'parched-up mummy,' immured in the -wall of , the castle. ' ' On the head was a broad-brimmedf 1 felt hat, like that in the well-known picture' of. . King Charles I. of England. One of the work-'- men took the hat and wore it till it was worn out.' But this is not an essential detail. There was a tradition two centuries old of si lover surprised by a jealous husband, a. Strozzi. Thereader will guess the rest. Mr.. Leader was cautioned not to meution the sub ject in the marquis's presence. The next stage in the story is Mr. Leader's examination, in a dusty old disused room of an oldt' picture turned with its face to the wall. The) - name and date were erased. It was a pictur^ of a beautiful young woman in seventeentH:. century costume — full length, of distinguished ? figure, and with singularly bright and expres sive eyes. ' Kound tno tair graceful neck was a very thin silk or plaited hair chain, support ing a very small medallion of a reddish colon When I called the Marcheae's attention, to ifr he looked at with an etnbarassed air, remarked that it was probably a fancy, portrait of some ? stranger, and immediately turned it to the wall.' Now for the third Btage. From tha picture rooms, Mr. Leader, being an en thusiast lor books rare and old, took with him a number of such volumes to his bed*. room. An engraving in 9ne of th«-. books sickened him with its seen*. of a fiendish atrocity perpetrated by fi^t, - Oriental upon his wjfe. Reading the etory of this crime in his solitary room in the dead of. night, Mr. Leader's mind, roused into curiosity by the previous incidents, and now shocked1, was, we may suppose, approaching what the scientific folk who make such' short work of' ghosts call an abnormal state. ' However tbafe-. may have been, while Mrs Leader was * ' think ing over the tortures of the yibfcinV he waa: surprised by a very slight sound as of ruBtlinjy silk. 'Looking up from my book,' he says, 'I distinctly saw a female figure in a white- ' ^ dress slowly gliding round the room, feeling; the wall with her hands, as if -searching 'for- some particular.' At first he 'imagined thai somebody was playing a practical joke upon. ' ? him. Then he recollected that he already had; . 'according to my/ custom,' carefully examined, the roon?, and found no outlet or inlet except., the single door, which he had locked. 'Tab* only suspioiouB-Iobking objects were two great, cupboards let into the wall. Then, I confesa it, there came over me that 'peculiar sensation,' -.' called creeping of the flesh. I felt my half standing on end, and my voice stuck in my throat. I tried to speak, and could not. A*; last I moved. At that moment the figurer turned towards me, and I saw at onoe the . image of the portrait in the old room ; th&' ' -. same white figured silk dress, and the strange- '?'. bright eyes with a feverish and melancholy - expression. I started to my. feet, and \n. «*- doing overturned aud extinguished the-oandlea, ! . v '. There was the figure, which a'ppeared to inbv&v; Z in a light of its own— a sort of halo, as it) . seemed to me. Slowly it left the wal],,BniI ' ', disappeared in the ? bed— a great .bed' of ;th» ; '.: '; seventeenth century; -^I^h a :oarved -walnuw? ;- - wood canopy And red damask silk, hanging&f;^ ' ' Then Mr. Leader must have fallen* mlp .i«j ; tranoe or. a deep sleep'-^'6613eep'-'thftt'-I.w(i^ . ? ?:? only wakened by a loud knocking ftt i myjdoof^} ',/?' As I w&b; dressing I saw *omethin|; oh thaw floor ; it was a little medallion i-a'^rnet o# ; very red amethyst, or a carbuncle or aarubyy TB ? ; cannot say, positively whioh-r-wSthin^ijP^ei^' f : thin gold setting and a- very small ohainj^ithe® '--- of Bilk or plaited hjMVi mm^^%f'S^^^^^ 'When the inedaljion was hftnded^o the''ftWljB .,, : ,; Tjfra* ho looked afc.i*, says Mr. Leader, curiously Iknd nervously, turning very pale.- ? Hie re iurned it to Mi. Leadeiy remarking fchsfcit must have fsHea out of -mo ot fcha bootoand Bsquestr ag him to keep it. Aceordintfto Mr. Iieacferis facoount, tho medallion was the original' of the1 neck ornament painted in the picture* It would. .po curious to know whether the immured skeleton was found in one of the wallB of Mr. fjeader's bedroom. Mr, Leader Twrites-i — ?I make no attempt at explanation. - A. fauarter of a century or more has elapsed since that night. Ttte vision haunts me to this day. jDften at nighV I seem to be in that old ' bed with the apparition looking steadfastly at me with radiant eyes,- and I wake with a start Sited, in a ferei^ to wonder at the mysteries irhioh perplex . human reason.' Many years pave passed sin.ce Mr. Leader penned tho fore koing for tho. ^geriisal of a lady friencL' The pathological pandits would feel muoh loss per plexed over the above tale than Mr. Leader. 23ut it is a first-rate -ghost story. 