THE TORF. [Hy VENO.] Thc Summer Meeting o[ Rockhampton Tattersalls Club will lake place on Friday and Saturday next, (he 12th und 1.1th instant. Judgiug by thc fairly liberal nominations for all events, and tbe class of horses entered, the racing ought to be as good as anything seen in Rockhampton for some time. The handicapping in one or two instances has not been quite so equitable as it might have been, bot io .the majority of cases the horses have been well placed, and a large number of acceptors may be looked for. Of course the ? success of the meeting depends in a great measure on thc weather, and ail that can be said st present with regard to that, is tbat it is comparatively cool and pleasant for the time of the year. It may oe hoped it will remain so till the gathering is over. The enterprise of the Charters, Towen Jockey Club in issuing a programme with added money amounting to £3000 for their i annual meeting on the 21th and 25th of June, 1 is almost enough to take one's breath away. It is £500 in excess af the largest amount ever given by the club, which is a big jump pared, but it is expected the two principal races-the Towers Handicap and Muicheeter Handicap-will be for £600 and £500 respec- tively. A weight-for-sge race of the value of £250 is a most liberal prize, and the expecta- tion that no race will have less than £175 attached in added money will be good newe to horse-owners far and wide. The Longreach Jockey Club committee have issued their Show Meeting programme for Friday and Saturday, the 9th and 10th of April. As already announced the prize money amounts, to the £600, which has enabled the committee to arrange a very liberal programme, the added money being thus divided :-First Day : Handicap Hurdle Race of £35, 1 mile and 3 furlongs ; Trial Stakes of £30, 6 furlongs ; Show Handicap of £50, 6 furlongs ; Maiden Plate of £20 (for grassfeds), 5 furlongs ¡ Corinthian Handicap of £35, 1 mile; Easter Handicap of £100. li mile ; Ladies' Gift (first prize £20, second £10), 7 furlongs, for grassfeds. Second Say : f;rassfeds) ; April Handicap of £50, 6 fur ongs ; Ladies' Mile, for prizes of £25, £10, and £5 ; Autumn Handicap of £90, 1J mile ; Disposal Stakes of £25, 7 furlongs ; Grassfed Farewell Handicap of £20, 6 furlongs ; Fare- well Handicap of £45, 1 mile. . Horses for grassfed races must be delivered to the Secretary, Mr. Francis Cory, before 6 p.m. on the 19th inBtanr. Nominations for the Hurdles, Show, Baster, and Autumn Handi- caps are due at 8 p.m. on the 13th of March. I am pleased to note that the Ilfracombe Jockey Club made a profit of about £30 over their recent meeting, ' Some of the Sydney sporting writers in their baste to decry Queensland horses, declared the initial failure of Battalion, and the want of form of Archie's Daughter, indi- cated a comparatively poor quality of horses in this colony. It is true Battalion failed at the Sydney Turf Club Anniversary Meeting, but there might Dave been roany reasons for his non-success other tban want of form, At Rosehill, on Saturday last, however, thepoin*. was-quite Bet at rest, for Battalion, carrying Sat. 12lb., won pretty comfortably from The Trier (8 st. 81b.) in 2'24J. for the mile and three furlongs. Now we are told the horse is the best seen from Queensland for a long time. * An exchange says :-The North Queensland horse Merloolas is related to Vanitas, his dam being a half-sister to the latter. Merloolas is by St. Swithin, dam hy Kingsborough from Vain Glory, by Maribyrnong or Beanolerc (the latter a brother to Grand Flaneur) from Vanity (imp.), by Orest from Beggar Maid, by Beadsman from Lady Wentworth, by St. Albans Irom Lady Ann, by Touchstone. St Swithin, the aire of Merloolas, ia by Cadogan (imp.), from Malice, a full sister to Lurline. The Goldebrough horse Brookleigh ls «aid to have broken down, and retired permanently from the turf. When the démonstration against Hium was at its height at Caulfield, says "Javelin," a feminine voice in the grandstand vehemently exclaimed, ** Serve them right, I'm sick of hearing the Millers and tbe Millers drummed into my ears as such wonderful straight runners. I always said they were no different from anybody else!" The lady had drawn Raak in a sweep, and seeing her running last -a position to which the start had hopelessly consigned her-arrived at the eoothfng con- clusion that the public démonstration was against Mr. Millers filly, whose misfortune at the barrier had cost her half-a-crown. Thc Maryborough Jockey Club intends holding a race meeting on St. Patrick's Day, when six events of a total value of £80 will be run off. The principal event will be the St Patrick's Day Handicap cf £29, 0 furlongs. The Australian horse Ebor, by Robert the Devil, carried 12 st. in the Great Midland Handicap Steeplechase, two miles, won hy him at the Nottingham December Meeting. Commenting on the race, the London Sports- man says :-" Now followed the chief event, the Great Midland Handicap Steeplechase, I which brought out an excellent field, no fewer than fourteen runners taking part. The race consequently had a very open appear- ance, and as soon as the betting had settled down Ebor was a decided favourite, the chief danger being feared from another Sussex trained one, Greenhill, who was a very strone Eaddook tip. Whatever chance Greenhill ad was early extinguished, as be whipped round as soon as the flag fell and lost so much ground that although sent on again it was impossible for him to make it up. Ebor soon proved tbat he is as much at home over fences as hurdles, and in tho first hslf-mile he «lade the pace so bot that he had the bulk of the ; field settled before half the journey bad been ; completed ; in .fact, as they entered the j straight the only one with a ghost of a chance 1 against the New Zealandcr was Idalus. The latter was going exceedingly well, but after jumping the last fencejie fell in the next two , strides, and Ebor was then left to canter home ¡ at his leisure." ¡ When the mail left, George Barrett, the ' celebrated English jookey, was in a dying . condition. According to a return published by a London sporting paper, the total amount of stakes won by racehorses during 1890 in ; England (exclusive of matches and private ' sweepstakes) was £453,156, in Scotland £11,556, end in Ireland. £21,219. In the ¡ three countries,, during the same period, ' there were run 819 races, over a distance ? between five and six furlongs, 232 between < programme is not yet pre «ix furlongs and a, mile, 514 of a mlle, 223 between one tuile and two miles, 6V between two miles and three miles, 7 between. «Jaree mils« and four miles, and 3 of four mlle*. . During tbe past season twentyrtjUree English-bred horses won sixty-seven races on the American turf, their winnings amount- ing to £21,294. Late advices from New Zealand stat« that the Christchurch Baring Club sued a number of bookmakers for trespassing on and refusing to leave the New Brighton racecourse when warned by the officials. All the cases beard were dismissed, and one was adjourned. The costs against the olub amounted to thirteen guineas. American starters are said to be noted for their free use of strong language to jockeys when at tho post, and the difference in this respect ia Kngland seems to dave pleasantly surprised Reiff, who visited the old country with the Duke-Wishard combination. In a chat with an interview he expressed himself as follows on the subject :-" what especially delighted me was the different state of affairs that prevailed at the pott. You could have knocked me off my horse with a feather when Mr. Arthur Coventry said ' Won't you please go back there?' There was noBweariogor abusive language, and everything went aa smoothly and as pleasantly as possible. Tbs consequence is that all tho jockeys are anxiouB to help the starter to the best of their ability. It ij a capital thing also that jockeys are not expected to flog their horses out «ben they are beaten." The London Referee turf writer says be is tired of tbe hearing of the wonderful horses that exicted in the bygone years, and indulges in the following remarks on tbe subject ;-¿*X am quite satietied thal our horses are, take them year in and year out, better, and, able to do better things at any distance, , than their ancestral champions, who ran four mile heats at a walk for thc greater part of the way. Has the science of training, based as it. is tte tbe moBt part on veterinary knowledge-<hss that stood all this while! 1 reckon not. Are our gallops faster and easier going than' they used to be! I guess they are, tor nowadays most of our tracks ara private or semi-private grounds, ' and »te, or ought to be, better tended. Has our breed of thoroughbreds improved or de- teriorated t There I shall, I know invita a challenge if I will stand on the qos tion of staying. I say it has improved. Year] by year we are dosed with lamentations founded on our breeding non-stayers, tesinfúiji for short instead of long disUnoe nose, aaa*. ' so producing a fins of bniiiant sprinters, w4ieV*| would be ont of it with old-timers could tbipej¡ be brought back to life and sport and 1 " Fitted against the present generation. No 7. do not erny that a horse trained-I meafcg educated 'from his youth upwards-to go no" more than a mile would beat one of equal | calibre whose managers laid themselves ont J (and him) to win on long journeys ; that is i mere question of schooling. But I do moat^ seriously believe that our good mUe-and-l a-half horses oould take on the mighty warril**! of the, to me, dark ages and do them over, any,f distance." ;1 i| The following is sent ms (" Woomera,"in '1 tile Australasian) as a report of a convention which took place between a clergj"" travelling on homo mission work and «Tl man when they met one day in thc farwest,;5| As my readers have very justly formed« iS|h estimate of the truth of my statements, IjkaijM, wish to imperil my reputation by guaranteeing the absolute accuracy of the report. Parson t. " Good day, my man. It's very hot tsydsfo!. , is it not?" Bushman: *' It's been bUnkybujpi for the last month; if you ask me anything ' about it." " I regret to bear you swear. Its " a vulgar and wicked »»ractice," "Ob.-IVe heard a parson swear. "Indeed I you sur-. prise and pain me." " It was in a polios ?' court when a bloke was brought np for robbing a church." "Oh, that is different. There are two kinds of swearing/you knowi" . " Bather 1 Why there's forty kinds that I know myself. I'm a bullock driver."' "Have you come far this morning?" "¡"No. I'vs-just tome up from Walker's pub. wey had races out there yesterday, anóTCgave-this rooke a ont." " Poor brute 1 Was it a bsd cut ?" " Oh no, quite square. They were all jiggers, but this old chap had too mooh toe for them and waltzed io, and I scooped the rhino. As we were coming round the horne turn one bloke .got the needle because I wouldn't let him get up on the inside. Strike me bandy,' he says, ' I'll crawl op your nock when the race ia« he wasn't game. I could J ' act. My Wanky troubles i had a elmer there, too, anet with me as well for not Jit! _ the race." "I fear I do not quite under- stand all the terms you lise. - But I gather that you have been-Sraoiog, and - that is a most demoraliaTu<$practice, and if persisted in leads to the worst results," " You're quite right there, governor, «sd I * never let my moke go unless Pvc got a pretty sure thing on. Hes a bit of a take down. Of course, I often run a bye, but I sever 1st . him race unless he's a dead bird. ThereV nothing more demoralisin', as you says, than lettin' a moke go every time." "I am afraid we are at cross purposes. I am very thirsty. Contd you oblige me with a drink of water?" " Witer be sugared I Take a pull at this t bottle'; H's Queensland rum." " 1 never take ' rum except as a medicine." "Right are 1 Me and my mate took la grippe, i they calls it, and I would have chocked the, seven out there on the Barcoo, but^mü rum and it pulled me through. My wouldn't touch it and he pegged out," " Well, good-day to you ; I roust be Betätig along." " Good-day, governor ; you'll get water about two miles along, but you'd better lay in a foundation of rum to kill the hinsioks which is thick in it." The acceptances for the two prinoipal handicaps to be run at Tattersall's Meeting were received yesterday, and are pretty satisfactory. It is only fair to the handi- capper to state that several of the with- drawals had no cause for complaint Welcome has been, scratched out of the Visitors' Plate. The acceptances are : FEBRUARY HANDICAP (1J mile): et lb. War Queen . Happy Boy ... Buckingham.. GRANDSTAND «TAKES (9 furlongs) : Roy Neile North.. Wild Raw .. Wollar st. lb. War Queen .. Hippy Boy .. Buckingham Boy .. Neille North.. Matris.. .. Wild Rose .. Waiter.. .. CRICKET. POSITION OP SENIOR CLUBS TO DATE. Clubs. O ram mar School Albert .. Rockhampton Zingari .. POSITION Ot JCNIOa CLUBS TO DATE. Lake's Creek Foresters Albert ll Rookhampton II Naval Brinde., aram. School II Zingari II Ramblers M»iwon.iLo.t.|D»«,|Ä The weather was very pleasant for cricket ou Saturday, and the Association Ground presented a more lively appearance than for some weekB past. The Zingari team did not turn up full-handed, and the match with the Alberts was forfeited. It is reported that Mr. K. D. Coffin has been transferred to Rockhampton, in whioh case there ls a chance that Zingari members will once mora rally round their old captain and pat a strong team into the field. I The only senior match was between the Rockhampton and Past Grammar behool teams. The Rockhampton Club batted-first, and compiled 73 only. J. Rogers, a recent arrival from Gympie, batted nicely for 16, G. Boldeman compiled 12, Terris IL, Sohretber 10. The remainder did little, bowling honours were pretty evenly div! The Past Grammars tuen went in abd 106 to their «redi t for four wicker* «be» .tumps were drawn. W. Kelleway pu 27 in very nice style, and R. C. Rule (15) W. Mcilwraith (22) also played well for t rans. E, M'Caffrey and T. M'Will both shaped capitally for 14 and 18 not c The Second Alberts had a creditable wh 18 runs against the Second Past Gramm The Albertneoond Inning« Itftthetotalat 6! which R. Mayne (Ul and R. 8. Bird Were the chief contributors. Tho bowl ' and fielding were good. With only 51 r to get to win the Grammars had a good cha of scoring a viotory, hut the Alberts pro' equally-alert in the field and skilful »Ith ball themselves, and all were dismissed 34\. H. Lefeuvre bowled splendidly, captor ?even widkets for 21, whilst he caught i two others. A very fine performance. H. Parker (14) was tho only man ubis teach double figures in the Second Roi hampton second Innings, and all were o' : missed for SI, the bowling and fielding the Creeks being capital. The Lake's Cre men won the match by eight wickets. The Ramblers played bard to equal mattera against the Foresters, but the lan had made too many lu their first inningB, ai when the Ramblers' innings closed their opr. nents had a lead of 51 runs, which th eventually won by. The Foresters only mai 86 in tUeir second innings (G. Ogdon 16), ai had there been time the Ramblers had chance of making the required 78. The Second Zingari team made 41 in the Becond innings, J. Lawn (10) being the on double-figure man. The Brigade were equ to what was required of them, and won I four wickets. No. 3 wicket.-Ramblers :-R. W. Jcnkii J. Bailey, J. Power, A. C. Underwood, ( Leighton, T. Spilsbury, T. Hillyard, f Thompson, W. Mahoney, J. Allard, and I Daley. No. 4 wicket.-Second Alberts: R. ! Bird, R. W. Mayes, A. K. Kain, G. B. Craij W, Harvey, E. C. Kelman, G. Craig, F. t Perkins, W. Thompson, H. P. lefebvre, au ? W. Cranley. Foresters: F. Cheshire, I w - Hart, A. E. Vize, A. Phillips, A. Barties k M. Jones, W. Bartlem, A. Hawke, G. Ogdec fc^-F. James, and J. Horton. R> No. 6 wicket-Second Past Gramm* ' Behool J. Sealy, W. M'Laughlin, A. J Richardson, E. Sheehy, J. Cranley, D. W \- Jaokson, R. Turner, W. Eely, T. England J. Murphy, E. P. Bridson. ¡Second Zingari C. Lomas, J. Lawn, W. Weaver, L Burkhardt, R. F. Swanwick, AV. Ferguson T. Smith, D. Burke, W. Griffiths, J . . Applewaite, F. H. Swanwick, F. Pile. No. 6 wicket.-Second Rockhampton : W "8. Ross, F. B. Kavanagh, A. E. Catt, H Parker, A. Sutherland, J. Pike, R. M'Donald W. O. Jackton, J. Reidy, R. Hamilton, A. '.Bampton. Naval Brigade: F. Sale, J, ' Sturgess, W. Evana, P. Gorman, J.- Dawson, L. Hoff, J. Forbes, W. Peat, H. Blaok, J. Jones, B. De Groen ; emergencies, J. Tr'egea, A. Sharp. Mr. F. O'Rourke, the well known orioketei '. and footballer, bas returned to Bockbamptos ' after a abort stay in the metropolis. , Members of the Albert and Zingari Clubs '.are requested to turn np for a scratch matoh \- ,: thia afternoon, at a quarter-past two o'clock. sjaj^According to the papers to hand some of j: ¿he Maryborough team took their defeat at f vttesbandB of Bundaberg the other day very '4§ba4ly. The Wide Bay NOM w¡¡*:~".Attbe ^loonolusion of the match the Bundaberg team (.'gallantly cheered their Opponent«, a oompli fflfcnt tho louai team^sulklly declined return .4ng.- This action of the Maryborough team is ' , -Jrwy widely condemned and regretted, and is viewed as ungenerous, nn-BriUsh, and as an ^pardonable breach of courtesy towards \- guests." . _ ? ?? ' M. A. Noble is - in grand form just at Eat, and is showing himself as one of the ' and Atoll nonslstent 'batsmen in Aus cf. After snaking Tl and USS nc* nut -againstflctoria, on Saturday last he scored < 166 for Paddington against Glebe, .the veteran ; Alec Bannerman compiling 84. 'Considering ?? tbatM'&ibbln; and Coningham are two of the .Siebe beelera the value of the performance «an he accurately ganged. ?' ÎTee Western Australian Cricket Associa- tion has decided to offer £1200 and train fares -between Perth and Albany, in return for the ' next English Eleven pUying orioket matches in Perth on their way to the eastern colonies. In-Brisbane last Saturday F. Pratten scored ' SO rana for Toowong einlöst Kangaroo Point : LONOBTOP. j 