Edward Hanlan. EX-CHAJIPION OARSMAN OF THE WORLD. ("Turf, Field, and Farm," January 1). This world is much smaller in my estimation than it was 20 years ago, when I left Toronto alone with one boat and one pair of pculls to take part in the Centennial Regatta at Philadelphia, and when I arrived there no one knew who I was or where I came from. My weight was then only 1401b, and I had to compete against 15 of the best men in the world. I can hardly realise that it is 24 years ago since I won my first race, and yet I raced seven races last summer, beating the best oarsman in America. I feel as well and as strong as I ever did, and my digestive powers are as good as tbey were ; can stand more work than ever ; think nothing of racing 20 miles daily. It might be interesting to your readers to explain the advancement we have made in sculling. Twenty-five years ago a champion sculler of the world could not row three miles in much less than 22min., and to-day if I could not do three miles in 19min. and 10 or 15sec. I would not have a ghost of a chance to win. I have taken part in regattas and match races in every part of the globe, on rivers, lakes and streams ; altogether I have rowed in over three hundred and fifty races, in fours, doubles and singles. The amount of money won in regattas, exhibitions, match races, etc, should score up to 320,000dol. I might say here that a champion oarsmao, well managed, should make from 15,000 to 20,000dol. a year. The best men I have seen were Beach, Trickett, and young Searle of Australia. Either one of these men could row on any kind of water, rough or smooth. They were not like the class of scullers we have in this country, who can only row when the water is as smooth as a looking-glass : not one practised oarsman in the whole squad. I was perfectly disgusted with them last summer. Most every regatta and match race I attended, if the water happened to be a little rough tbey refused to row, and disappointed thousands of people, who had been sitting in the broiliDg sun ali afternoon and had to retire in disgust. Men of that calibre are not likely to improve the interest in rowing in this country. I notice there is not the same interest taken in the sport as when I was champion sculler of the world. Don't hear of the amount of betting now-adays. Gaudaur beat Stanbury for the championship last September, and I don't believe the Toronto sports won 500dol. When I beat Trickett for the championship of the world the Toronto sports won over 500,000dol. I have no hesitation in saying the amount of money exchanged between England, Australia,"and America would be nearly l,500,000dol. I had 5,000 on myself. I think that the Trickett and the Beach races in Australia were the largest betting events that I ever took part in. On the Beach race I wagered nearly 2,000dol. This will give your readers an idea of the interest the Australians took in the race between Beach and myself. The admission was lOgns for reserved seals, and 3gns for staMinff room on the steamer that followed tnl race. Our receipts from the steamers were nearly 15,000dol, or £3,000. The number that attended that race on the Paramatta river was estimated at250,00(1 people. The betting was enormous ; if I had won my winnings would have been nearly 50,000dol. Becognisi:>g that I could not always be champion I must say that I have been honored by the best people of the United States and Canada, and also by the nobility of England and Australia. I have in my home here in Toronto over 300 presents of all kinds, from a toothpi'k worth 10 cents up to a valuable painting of myself, worth 5,000dol. I will say that I am pleased that Mr Gaudaur, a fellow-countryman, brought to America the aquatic championship of the world. I heard a good joke on Gaudaur. Four year9 ago, when in Austin, Tex., preparing for the regatta, he was interviewed by a newspaper reporter, and gave his age as 37 ; three years later he returned to Austin, Tex., and was interviewed by the same paper, and in this interview he was only 36 ; it certainly seemed as if he had made a mistake in his calculations. Just a word about the difference between tbe English and the American built racir.g boat. The English built boat will not last as long in this country as the American boat, as it is built too light and not sufficiently braced. The fittings are not stiff enough to stand the roughness of our lakes, but as for model, these boats are equal in every respect to ours. I have seen quite a number of eight-oared crews training in America, &nd; think thtfr theory is wrong—too much artificial rowing about it. P.S.—Had nothing but ups and downs in Australia. The first four months I was there was over £5,00G to the good, but, like all others, could not come home. EDWARD HANLAN. 