kf porting ?leu)4. [By the Vagrant.] j A London exchange states that Mrs. Langtry ?will send Maluma next season to Si. Simon. There are four trainerB in England said to be worth over £100,000. Mat DawBon is one of them. Response made her first appearance over hurdles at Sandown Park on Tuesday, hut was un , placed. 'The English jockey, A. Brown, has decided to re main in Victoria, where ho will ride for Mr. J. N. M.' Arthur and Mr. A. M'Craoken. A monument has been erected in tho Adelaide Cemetery to the memory of Patrick Hussey, the jockey who was killed while riding Regent in the Morphettville Hurdle Race. Mr. J. H. Davis (son of the lata Mr. George Davis, M.L.C.), intends to take a string of horses from Victoria across to India, and race them for a season in the land of tho RajabB. Among the winners by the victory of Wink field'B Pride in the Lincolnshire Handicap was Mr. W. T. Jones, the Ballarat sportman, now in Eng land, who also supported the Irish colt Galtee More in the Two Thousand Guineas. Prom the King's County (Ireland) Chronicle of April 29 I learn that the Caulfield Cup winner of 1888, Mr. Mat. O'Shaaassy's Chicago, is standing 'the season at RosBgrey, at a fee of two guineas for gentlemen's mares and 30a for farmers' mares. In Melbourne on Monday the steeplechaser Tara com was sold to J. M. RobertB for 100 guineas, and the pony mare Victoria was sold to Mrs. Tomlin for ?85 guineas. Orient was offered for sale, but the bids failed to reach the reserve, and the horse was passed in. After Peveril had won the Plying Welter Handi cap at Rutherford on Monday be was purchased by Mr. J. A. Mayo for £11, and that gentleman later on disposed of the son of The Works to Mr. S.Coheu ?for £20. The grey gelding iB cheap at the price, as he iB very fast. Prom Perth I learn that Martin Payttm (brother to Tom of that ilk) will shortly take the racehorse Paul Pry over to run in Victoria. The Son of Lochiel is said to have greatly improved since we saw him in Sydney, but he would have to do that -to be first-class. The Sydney jockey B. M'Laughlin, who took His Grace over to Melbourne, met with an accident at Moonee Valley while riding the horse in the 'Hurdle Race, and sustained a broken collarbone. 'Cameron was also badly hurt in the Steeplechase while riding Confusion. The bay gelding Little Jack, by Yellow Jacket — Carnation, who some time ago won several races in this district, now figurea among the galloways aB Gilpin, and at Kensington carried 99t., started at ? 5 to 4, and comfortably won the Trial Stakes, for .15 hands horees, in 53 J for the four furlongs. Mr. T. Uphill, the Indian trader, intends to 'leave Melbourne at the end of the mcnth in the steamer Nuddea. He will take several horses to ?Calcutta, including Mignon, Cinder Ellen, Kimbol ton, whom he bought at Caulfied on Saturday, and a number of youngsters he purchased last season in Sydney. A Queensland paper says that when George ? Cooper refused W. Kelso's offer of 300 guineas for Archie's Daughter, the latter, so the story goes, ? replied: 'Well, keep her, and bring her down to Sydney, and I'll lay you a level £200 I'll beat her with Survivor, and you can have him for a couple ? of hundred.' Levanter, who recently won the Great Northern ' Steeplechase at the Auckland R.C. meeting, was snccesBful in that event last year. During his career he has started in 23 races, of which he won '7, -vaa second in 9, and unplaced in 7. As his pre sent owner got him for £50, he has been a very . good investment. A gentleman now in Perth who saw Mr. W. R. Wilson in England, says that the squire of St. Albans was not in the best of health. He had not approached any of the English Bporting men in ? reference to the sale of Aurum or Wallace, which should be welcome intelligence for those who have been backing the former for future engagements. It is very probable that Mr. C. Kidman's pur chase Padladeen will remain wbete he is untii the 'Randwick spring meetings come pn, before leaving for West Australia. Mr. Kidman has not' yah determined what action he will take, but W. J. Miller, in whose hands the horse is, considers it likely that Padladeen will run again at Randwick. M'Leod, who it may be remembere 1 beat Ned Pickup and Jack Perryman when touring the ? colonies as Dan Stewart, was recently defeated in 'Frisco by Parmer BurnB. The match waa for lOOOdol a side and resulted in a win for Burns, who won both the second and third falls, catchascatch ean style. The time of three falls was &7min 13 1-lOsecs. The field for the Rosehill Cup on Saturday was a record one for Australia, no fewer than 43 facing the starter, and it would probably have been larger had jockeys been available. The previous best was .to n-Q r.o/i^o' d... nt- ion '' unu.ui.uiu IOOU. This race was won by The Ghost. In the dis astrous Caulfield Cup won by Grace Darling there were 41 starters. Tho International Sorse Agency (an English Gazette) is responsible for the statement ' that owing to the great reputation of Aurnm overtures have been made to the Cobham Stud with a view to repurchasing Tienton for Australia. Trenton's stud fee is ab present 100 guineas, and he is just as likely to be returned to the Colonies as he iB to be trained for the Melbourne Cup of 98.' Knight of tho Thistle, the Royal Hunt Cup win ner, never won a race last season, but he always flew at high game, two of the four races in which he ran being won by Persimmon. Mr. H. M'Calmont — who won the Derby with Isinglass — owns the Knight, who was probably in at a nice weight. Victor Wild, who ran second to him, is, after Clor rane, the best handicap horse in England at the preBent time. Tne flying Key's three-year-old brother Lock smith, who iB engaged in the Melbourne Cup, has so far failed to show any galloping ability, and is said to have more the cut of a hurdler than a flat racer. Perhaps, like many others, he has been nominated for tho big event in the hope that he may suddenly develop first-class form. However, if he is anything near aB bad as a Melbourne writer makes him out to be, it is long odde against that happening. The consistent Dora again distinguished herself on Saturday, when she won the Cambria Plate, 5J furlongB, at Kensington, the daughter of Chea ham being followed by Lady Loch and Beau Brum mel, among the beaten division being Lieutenant andAthlone. The useful Kimbolton landed the Hurdle Race and the Selling Hurdle Race ; Mar shal Niel accounted for the Richmond Handicap: Tarracom took the Steeplechase, and Flintlock was first in the Cambria Purse. At the Queensland Turf Club meeting at Bris on Tuesday the Inverell horses King (8at. 10lb.) and Narcissus (9st.) ran first and second in the Jubilee Handicap, 1 mile 3 furlongs, the former who wbb ridden by the erstwhile Wallsend -jockey Tracey, leading all tho way and winning by two lengths in 2.28. Archie's Daughter, who ran unplaced, started favourite, and Narcissus was more fancied than King, about whom 10 to 1 was obtainable. Tho winner is by Sir Hercules out of Keepsake. A little girl who attended a distribution of prizes given by the Society for the Pravention of Cruelty to Animals had won a book as a reward for writing the best essay on the subject given and -with the other aucceusfnl children was undergoing ft viva voce examination. — 'Well, my dear, said the gentleman who had given away the prizes, ' can you tell mo why it is cruel to dock horseB tails Because,' answered the little girl, ' * what God has joined together let no man put asunder.' ' Ab a rule, says an American owner, I believe horses do not get enough fresh air and sunlight. We make it a practice when in the country to turn our horses int'» a well-shaded paddock several hours each fine day, in the morning and late in the afternoon. In the city we give them walking exer ciae in the sunlight in addition to their regular work. It has often been a matter of astonishment to me how somo horses keep well when confined within the narrow limits of a dark stall, as I have known a good many to be, from 22 to 23 hours out of the 21. James Pudney, a one-timo famous pedestrian, died in England recently. It is paid of him that had be been extended when he defeated Trainor, of Liverpool, he could have established a record for two miles which would have beaten even that of the present time. His achievement for 700yds., when he defeated the once-thought invincible Harry Margotts (lmin. 29sec.) still stands, and is likely to stand for many a day to come, and Jem's eleven miles inu7min. 20aec. would require some beating even now. On more than one occasion visitors to racecourses havo received the 'tip direct' in a most unex pected manner. While the horses were at the post for the City and Suburban (England) specta tors were surprised to see a pigeon suddenly rise from amidst the mass of people on the other side of the course. After wheeling twice round tbe grandstand, the erstwhile prisoner settled down on top of the Flagstaff. Bird of Freedom, with P. Barrett in the saddle, passed the post in front of his field some few minutes later, and thus fulfilled the unknown'pigeon- flyor's prophecy. News comes from. Near Zealand of that handsome rogue Panoply, who is by Splendor out of Esper ance, a jidish mare that carried Lord Carrington's colours on a few occasions. Panoply has gone up greatly in public estimation during the past two months. If my memory serves me correctly, the Hon. W. A. Long sold him to Mr. Sam Fielder for 60 guineas, tho latter 'swopped' him with Mr. George Wright for a Now Zealand pony, and Mr. Writ? lit recently sold him to Mr, Harry Hayr and Mr. J. W. Russell for 37 guineas. Sinco then he has been in a winning humour, and a week or so ago 90 guineas was refused for the gelding. Beverley went all the way . from Melbourne to Adelaide to get badly beaten in tho S.A..J.C. Accession Handicap on Monday. The winner, Royal Admiral, is a full brother to The Admiral and Port Admiral, and showed promising form at the recent A:R.C. meeting, when he ran second to Elousinian in the Birthday Cup. The Victorian jockey R. Lewis had the mount on Royal Admiral, and he also rode the ex-Sydney colt Tapioca to victory in the two-year-old race. The colt is by GoldBbrough from Vermicelli, who died a few days ago at Tocal. T. Kiely bad a good day, three of the winners, Menind.i, Royal Admiral, and Tapioca, being trained by him. Speaking of racing in America an exchange says : ' There are scores ot tracks closed. Their weed grown grounds are an object lesson that racing un licensed and unrestricted ia unnatural, and cannot long exist. To stop unrestrained racing the law laid its hand upon the Bpoct and blotted it out. It was not, except in isolated oaseB, that racing itself was objectionable, but that it was not conducted rationally. ;There was also in the country a high regard for racing honestly regulated, and so to-day there are States which a few yearB ago closed the gates of tracks casting about for some means whereby, upon a rational plane, racing may be re established.' The following story cornea from Pretoria: At a recent race meeting in that land a hurdle race was one of the attractions. Amongst the Btartera were Pindout and Steadfast who fell at the first hurdle, Gold and Fred ran out, and Tempe II. was the only one to negotiate it. After the race Fred's owner re ported the jockey — a lad of twelve — for foul riding, in having palled the horse out of the course. The next day the stewarda met to conaider the matter. The owner's statement waa taken, and then the boy was called in and asked to. explain. ' Please, sir,' he said in reply to the chairman, ' I rode to orders.' ' What do you mean ?' ' Why, sir, I was told to follow Gold, and I did.' The feat of remaining under water for several minutes at a time is one that haa stiuck many people as little short of miraculous, but some dis closures were made recently at tbe inquest^ held in dan Francisco into the cause of death of Charlie Cavill that go to Bhow that the performance is a mere trick. In Cavill's case a weighted barrel was lowered in the deepest part of the baths where Cavill had undertaken to remain under water for over five minutes, and the modis operandi waa that Cavill was to sink to the barrel, whence he was to draw air when his lungs became exhausted. Un fortunately gas by some means gets into these baths, and thiB filled the barrel, so that whon the swimmer drew a couple of mouthfuls the noxious fumes rendered him unconscious and he was pain lessly suffocated. ? i Mr. James Morton, who got up the first public bicycle race some thirty years ago, haa written to a paper in the Transvaal, where he now lives, to in form them of the fact. It was at the annual gala ] of tho United Friendly Societies at Crewe that the J race took place, and Mr. Morton, who was a dele- 1 gate representing the Druids Society, suggested 1 the race, as he thought that cycling was likely to ] become in time a national sport. There were four entries for the race, but only two men rode, their machines having wooden wheels and' iron tires. The second man objected to the prize being awarded to the winner, aa he had two Bteel spikes screwed in the tire of his front wheel in order to get a good grip on the gras3, but his objection was over-ruled. The Second Winter Welter Handicap run for at the recent North New Zealand Grand National meeting was won by an old acquaintance in Bonnie Blue, who seme eighteen months ago carried tho colours* of the popular Merriwa sportsman Mr. 'Jimmy' Ell, and who for that gentleman ran some eight or nine seoondR right off the reel in a couple of weeks. Bonnie Blue is a low, Btout chest nut with silver mane and tail, and is by Clan Stuart out of The Gift, a mare so-called because ahe was presented by a member of the White family to the veteran Ike Gallimore. The horse is now owned by Mr. Skipwith, who had an exciting time of it. for in the totalisatnr he had £20 on his repreaontive, who only won by a head and paid his owner £415. ? At North Condobolin station recently a young thoroughbred horse was turned out of the stable into a small paddock for exercise. Some time later a ful -grown doe kangaroo ventured into the en closure in search of grass. The colt took after her hot foot, ran her down, and worried her like a dog, and when she was dead the colt carried the carcase about in his mouth, and seemed quite proud of his achievement. Now that the youngster has tasted blood it is probable that he will develop into a savage, and if I had to dress him or otherwise look after him I would be exceedingly careful and al ways havo a weapon bandy. A' horse is not in cluded among tbe carnivora, but the fact remains that they have been known to eat flesh, and the lust for blood when once it attacks an animal is difficult to appease. It is at last commencing to dawn on English rac ing men that the practice of having different win ning posts for various events at the same track has its drawbacks, and judging by the following para graph taken from the London Sportsman, an altei ation in respect to this would be gladly welcomed : — Universal satisfaction was expressed by the occupants of tho enclosures at Newmarket on Derby Day owing to tbe fact that all the races finished in one place opposite the stand. The stewards of the Jockey Club would confer a great favour upon the patrons of the Newmarket meetings if they arranged for all races ts finish at the same post. In the case of those events which finish at the T.Y.C. post the horses, to the occupants of the ring, appear about the same size as the tin geegees which flit aerosa the Btage in the drama of 'The Plying Scud.' ' ice themselves Although the police did not ma. with wager offensively conspicuous in conneotion moved in a ing at Rutherford on Saturday they . had been new direction on Saturday night. It . 0ted at advertised that Calcuttaa would be comlft about the Excelsior Hotel on Monday's events, but iear eight o'clock several policemen put in an apj -,ne ance and intimated that if the sweeps were g» ,0 on with they would take proceedings against liaensee of the hotel for keeping a gaming house. Mr. Marshall was not having any proceedings, so the . Calcuttas were abandoned. The members of tho : Jockey Club and visitors from a distance who were present were very indignant at this high- handed i demonstration on the part of the authorities, and it was tbe first time within my knowledge that i such a thing has been done in the colony. I am l told, though, that the police stopped Calcutta's in - Tattersall's Club, Sydney, some yeara back. A serioua accident happened te the racehorse . Moorefield whilst being conveyed by train from ! Kogarah to Red for u on Saturday. Shortly before ! the' train pulled up at Eveleigh the horse got one ?' of his feet caught in the flooring, and before he i could free himself he met with serious injuiies. - Moorefield's attendants had hard work to keep his i head down till Redfern station was reached, and ' when they came to take him out of his box it was seen that the cap oE one of the hips had been knocked off and the flesh torn off both hind legs. ' Moorefield was landed on tho platform covered in I blood. The services of the vet. were at once called 1 in, but the injuries are of such a serious nature I that it i3 difficult to say at present whether the i horse will be able to race again. Moorefield was i considered to have had a very good chance of i annexing the Roaehill Cup, his owner having been I laid £1000 of the sweep money for first place, with a big consideration for second and third places. About 25 years ago the then Khedive of Egypt was very anxioua to arrange a match with the English Jockey Club (says an exchange). But as that body — aa such — owns no horses, and- as His Highness the Khedive would treat with no private party, negotiations fell through. Some time after, however, some Cairo merchants managed to come to terms with hitn. They sent over to England and procured a mare called Pair Nell. She was Irish-bred, but was believed to be cot quite throughbred. Mi. Edmund Tatteraall had ridden her for some time as a park hack. She was at once shipped for Egypt, and the race came off within a few weeks of her landing from the long sea voyage. The course wa3 ei»ht miles across the barren and stony desert — country just suited to the Arab, and to which he is used. Seven of the Khedive's best Arabs were started against Fair Nell. What was the result? The mare, who was giving a lot of weight away, beat the best Arab by a mile ! Three others of the desert flyers died before accomplishing the distance. An American racing man, who was sent to Europe by the Cincinnatti and Latonia Jockey Clubs to make a study of the French mutuel system of betting, has reported adversely in regard to the mutuel system, but recommends what is known as the block system. In this system each betting booth is supplied with two good-sized boards — one for straight betting and one for place. These boards are fixed to uprights or against a wall, and are provided with the requisite number of clips or clamps for holding tickets. Above the clips are large numbers, corresponding to the num bers of the horseB on the programme. The tickets are printed and bound in pads of 100 each, and numbered from 0 to 99, both inclusive. As the tickets are taken from the block the number exposed indicates the total number of tickets sold on each horse. The value of the winning tickets are computed as are Paria mntuels — a pro rata division of the total amouut bet on alt horses in the race, less 5 per cent., to all holders of tickets on the winner ; a similar distribution is made of all the money bet for the place. The racing at Rosehill on Saturday attracted a very large attendance, and seme excellent racing was witnessed. Duddingston was made favourite for the Granville Stakes, but he could not do better than get third to Discord (by Andover — Melody) and Counterpoint. Echo was among the runners, and the little mare finiahed fourth. Amourette, by Lochiel— Fiancee, easily won the Nursery. Handi cap, she being followed home by Nobleman's brother Holkar and St. Francis. The Rosehill Cup attracted no fewer than forty-three starters — one of the largest fields that has ever faced the flag in Aus tralia — but supporters of Precaution were so confi dent that they took as short a price as 4 to 1 about their fancy, Semiramis, Survivor, and Sky lark coming nextin demand at 12 to 1. There was a deal of bother at the post, and aB one side of the barrier went up several of the horses dashed away and ran the journey, Skylark being victorious, but it was declared no start, and in the race proper Kelso beat Telegraph by a length, with Semiramis third, and then followed Marie May, Mundiva, and Aurea, with Influenza last. During the race Sur vivor and Vigilance fell. Kelso, who is a very use ful animal, particularly under heavy burdens, is hy the defunct Kingsborough out of a mare by The Pop. A very poor field stripped for the Jubilee Handicap, and Projectile and The Scotchman were in most request, but Shaughraun beat Projectile by a length and a half, Cradle being third, after the race Tom Payten entered a protest against the winner for alleged interference, but it was dis missed. Sovereign was favourite for the Victoria Mile, but was never prominent, and Cromaboo won easily from Robin Hood and Pasquin. The Ascot Gold Cup, won on Thursday by the Prince of WaleB's horse Persimmon, was founded by subscriptions of five guineas each in 1771, the Dukfe of Cumberland (brother of George III.) being the promoter of the new stake. In 1807 a gold cup, value 100 guineas, wbb added to the subscrip tion, and since then, the race has gradually been increased to its present value. Master Jackey won the first real cup, carrying Gst 21b. ? Since then the names of many famous horses appear on the list of winners, including Loiterer, Aladdin, Banker, Zingaree, Glaueus, Glencoe, Touchstone, Beeswing, Lanercoat. Van Tromp. The Flying Dutchman, Teddington, West Australian, Fisherman, Ely, Gladiateur, Cremorne, Doncaster, Apology, Iso nomy, Robert the Devil, Foxhall, St. Simon, La Pleche, and Isinglass. Last; year Mr. Hamar Bass was successful with Love Wisely, the stakes being worth £2680. The'Prince of Wales was then third with Florize' II., Omnium splitting the pair. The Emperor oE Russia was presemt in 1844, aud in honour of him the race was called the Emperor's Plate until 1854. Curiously enough the first win ner of the Emperor's Plate was The Emperor, 4yr., 8st 51b., and who had won the Cup the previous year. The Queen first visited Ascot in 1839, when she enmraandod the rider of Marchioness, the win ner of the Stakes, a very little boy named Frost, riding as feather- weight, to be brought to her. This wbb done, the delighted boy being presented by the Earl of Lichfield. The Queen complimented him on his riding the winner with so muoh judg ment and skill, and at the same time presented him with a £10-note. This year's winner Persim mon, as is well-known, won the Derby and St. Leger for tho Prince last year, when his total win nings amounted to £19,515, the Prinne'a total win nings being £26,819. J. Watts probably rode Per simmon. Tuesday was a miserable day for outdoor enjoyment, but despite the rain and the cold there w88 a fair attendance at Tattersall's Club's meeting at Randwick, but it ia certain that many visitors heartily wished at the conclusion of the programme that fcbey had stayed at homo, for the bookmakers had a right royal time of it, only one favourite doing backera a turn. Vanitas waB considered capable of winning the Queen's Stakes, Mundiva and Tucka Tucka boing next in demand, but the latter wns the only one of the trio to shape res pectably, nnd he was beaten a head hy the Single ton gelding Tramp, with Mutineer a good third. The winner is by Clan Stuart out of a mare by Alex. Bowman's old Sunlight, and there can be no doubt abo'Ut hiB galloping powers, despite the fact that he was once sold at Campbell's Hill saleyards for £7 103. It would be interesting to know how many winners have been aired by Lochiel during his career at the Btud, for his stock keep bothering the judge so frequently that the total must now be a large one. Strathroy, who captnred the Diamond Handicap is by .the Prince Charlie stallion out of Marvellette, a grand mare that did well under Mr. Kelso's colours Borne Beaaons back, and Amoruette is a daughter of the same sire. ' Beware of Lochiel 1' was again the cry when The Scotchman beat Semiramis, Aurea I and othorB for tho Jubilee Cup after the latter, Hopscotch, Steward and others had been heavily ( backed, for the winner is by Mr. Thompson's horse out of Lady Roodee. Mr. Cousins was heading them very consistently with Semiramis a little while back, but the daughter of Gibraltar and her admirers have been putting in a bad time lately. Wat Tyler and Eob were in eqnal request for the Victoria Handicap and the former won easily from Cheaterina and Readford. Wat Tyler is by Ches ham, a sou of Grand Flaneur nnd Lady Chester (dam of Cheater) that would probably be a great and popular stallion if he were not lost , some out of the way plac» in the colony, where ;s probably seldom visited thoroughbred _ Cheshatn was never a wonder on tho turf, but whi * flaw k'm 88 a two-yea.r'°'d under the , range k ,nd white hoops of Mr. j?aniel Cooper 'nwnnr of v^ewhaven) eleven years ago, ?h0 was a ^y handL^ oolfc. The da? thrft Tempe beat Ben Bolt and others for Tattersall's -, op he rod his relative, tho Hon. Jamea White's Ph:-'P inguatus ran a ..dead-heat for tho Two-year-olu Stakes, beating Yoil'-ow Jacket, JCingsgrove and Strephon, Chesham be.'ng stopred by the ill- fated reddy M'Grade, who w.is afterwards drowned nt iea. The Commemoration Handicap on Saturday yaB tho best of good things for Tho Chief (Qozo — Maori Qneen) who started second favonrite and iron as he liked from Strathglass and 'VVarwee. The race meeting of the Northern Jociroy Club which concluded at Rutherford on Monday despite ill gloomy forebodings to tho contrary may be set down as a success, for the attend mce was one of the largest seen on tbo jnnvincing ground. The grand stand nnd rnddliag paddock were liberally patronised, ind over 400 people travelled in the special train Erora Newcastle against ninety on Saturday. The nominations had been extremely numerous, and as the acceptances were also well up to the standard ( there should be a nice balance to the club's credit , when all accounts are made up. The racing, too, , w as excellent, but the struggle for the Cup resulted in a great surprise, as Quadret was almost the outsider of the party and 20 , to 1 could easily . have been obtained about , him, the favourites being Standard and Newman. The former, a son of Lord Lyon, looked altogether ! too big for the contract, and he should be very ' much at home over fenceB. Newman's coat was nice and bright, but he was as angular as ever, and , hia long ears wobbled around in apprehension. Still genial William of Orville, who had been given a heavy cut at the sweep money was very confident 1 that the old son of Newminster would win eaBily if he liked to gallop. The toff of the party whb Voma, a beautiful black two-year-old by Splendor from Luva, and she shaped well, too ; but at the 1 end nothing had much chance with Quadret, who - won by nearly three lengths from Agate, who just beat Newman, with Voma fourth. The saddle Blipped on Tryon, or he may have been closer to tho 1 winner. Quadrei ia a vary neat little bay gelding 1 by Metal from Lady Pitsford, and is the property of Tom Head, a well known and popular ? metallician, who only had 100 to 7 about his horse, I who had deceived him for a deal of money in the J Brst race of the day, nnd unluckily ho was without any consultation consideration, a fate that also befell ' the owner of Agate. The Pinal Handicap was one 1 of the best races imaginable, for all the runners finished in a bunch, and the judge was unable to separate Sir Charles, 8-6, Gozon, 8-1, and Lyoness, 8-0, who had Agate 8-12, and others right on their quarter. In tbe ruu-off Lyoness was favourite, but Gozon, on' whom George Durston rode a beauti fully timed race, romped over his opponents in the laat few strideB. It will be notictd that Mr. Mitchell's handicapping panned out all right, for he began and ended the programme with a dead heat, aud he holda the peculiar record of making a - dead-heat between three horseB in his first and last attempts at Rutherford. The settling over the reunion took plnce at the Excelsior Hotel in the evening, when Mr. Gillies, M.L. A., President of the club, wae in the chair. A communication was read ftom Mr. Joseph Brown, intimating that he in tended to appeal to the A.J.C. against the decision of the club in the matter of the Jack Horner v. NavigBnt protest over the Flying Handicap. The stakes in that event were accordingly held over. Mr. Tom Head, the owner of Quadret, ordered in champagne, and the customary toasts were honored, the chairman taking the opportunity of saying that it was the club's ambition to give fair play 'to all; and to make the prizes as large as it possibly could. Tbe gathering was a merry little one. Our report on Saturday of the first days' racing of the Northern Jockey Club stated that the attendance was good,' whereas it was just the reverse, the miatake arising by the omisBion of a word and the insertion of the wrong one. It was the amalleat crowd that I have seen at a race meeting. at -Rutherford, but tho3e who stayed away loat but little, for although the racing was very fair the course was wet, cold, and disagreeable, and the pools of water made even the feet of the heaviest shod visitors feel like joints in a freezing chamber. The saddling paddock waB in a sad pickle, of slnsh and mud, and the committee will have to liberally coat it with gravel before it will ever be a comfortable place in wet weather. In the circumstances the ladies had a very cheerless time of it, although the tea and more solid refreshments in the afternoon were very welcome nnd enjoyable. An excellent start waa made with the racing by Navigant and Jack Horner running a dead-heat for the Plying Handicap, although to the majority of the onlookers it seemed that the former was very fortunate. The owners agreed to run off, and odds of 2 to 1 -were laid on Jack Horner, who waB, however, beaten somewhat easily. Mr. Brown then lodged a protest on the ground that hia horse had been interfered with, but the objection was not considered, as the clerk wrote Flying 'Welter' instead of Flying 'Handicap,' and Mr. Brown did not notice the error when' he signed the paper Navigant, who i8 by the defunct Navigator out of the Goldsbrough mare Gol.dene, dam of Althotas end Navarine, is a rather stylish fellow, and is evi dently possessed of the courage which made his sire and grand sire famoua. There was no fewer than eighteen runners for the Park Stakes, and as punters took 4 to 1 about eaoh of three of them and 6 to 1 about half a dozen others without picking the winner the pencillers had a splendid race oE it. The winner turned up in tho Muswellbrook horse Jerry, a son of Yellow Jackot (by The Drummer — Baroness) nnd Brunette, by Bulginbar. Jerry haa had a rather eventful time of it, for his dam died when he was a foal, and he was reared by hand, whilst as a colt he met with a series oE mishaps which threatened not only to permanently cripple him, but also to end his life. How ever, Jerry conquered misfortune, and is now a very nice hqree. There were nine starters for the Rutherford Handicap, for which Sir Arthur was moat fancied, but nearly every runner had sup porters. The winner was found in Agate, who ran so indifferently at Newcastle, but the heavy going on Saturday favoured the son of Splendor, who was tucked up like a greyhound. Sir Charles's position second was a surprise to most people, but old Jack the Robbpr ran gamely and deserved third place. First and third horses were trained by Tom Cush and they are both by Splendor. The Rat made a remarkable run in this race. He was well supported by the Newcastle contingent, but his owner had a moody doubt about his fondness for the mud, and this waa well founded, for tbe little horse began like a cat in water, dropped back last very quiokly, and absolutely refused to stretch out along tho back, which was very heavy. However, he did better when the rising ground was encountered, and mak ing np gome dozen lengths in the last half milo, he finished fourth. The manner in which Minting ran away from Tbe Italian, Roarty, and Harry in the Selling Race suggested that tho old son of Lord Lyon has got back muoh of the pace for which he was at one time diatinguished. He was bought in cheap enough at £18, but I am afraid his legs will Ttnfc Irtnry afand f.hrt hnrdnliiria nP frnininw TU® I Flying Welter was tho last race of the day, and those who bore in mind that Jerry had carried 6lb. over in his first attempt backed him with confidence, nnd he did them a second good turn, but on this occasion he only just managed to down Gozon and Town Clock, a very neat son of Jeweller and Lady Pitsford, and he resembles his dam considerably. 