CATHOLIC WORLD C From our E.vchanui's.) ROME. The O'Connell Commemoration. The celebration in- honor ol Daniel O'Connell proved a .most brilliant success. The church of St. Agatha of the Goths was not able to hold all those who presented themselves for the occasion. . Inside the church, and in the centre of the open space with out the sanctuary, was erected an imposing catafalque. The walls and columns of the church were hung with black and gold, and from the organ gallery were suspended the Papal and Irish flags, us well as a large standard with a picture of St. Patrick. It is in the northern aisle of the church, and to the left as one enters, that the heart of O'Connell reposes. Over it stands a fine marble bas-relief of an angel consoling Ire land, who is mourning over the iirn that bears. O'Connell' s remains. The source of consolation is indicated by the- angel;pointing to. the better world,; wher'e'tiie igreat "man .is to': have his enduring reward. . : Under this is an inscription which gives an explanation of - another bas- relief that lies beneath. The inscrip tion reads : '.'This , monument con tains the ' heart of O'Connell; who, dying at Genoa on his way to the Eternal City, bequeathed his' soul to God, his body to Ireland, and his heart to Rome. He is represented at the bar of the British House of Com mons in MDCCCXXIX., when he refused to take the anti- Catholic declaration' in these words : "I at once reject this declaration ; part of it I believe to be untrue, and the rest I know to be false.' " The commemoration was an Irish function, but not exclusively so, for O'Connell had been one of the greatest public exponents and "defenders of Catholic principles, and Catholics accordingly, irrespective of race or country, were eager to honor him. The Requiem Mass was celebrated by the Right Rev. Nicholas Don nelly, coadjutor to the Archbishop of Dublin, the sacred music being supplied by a joint choir from the various colleges named above. His Eminence Cardinal Vaughan gave the Absolution at the cata falque. The discourse was de livered by the Most Rev. Dr. Keane. The preacher's effective delivery en hanced the sustained flight of chaste and classical language and ideas, and the effect produced on all who had the fortune to be present was very telling. Dr. Keane's assertion of his Irish nationality, and of the pride he took in it, caused a thrill through the men and women of the Irish race present, who could not but feel that their nation was honoured in so talented a speaker. The address lasted for more than an hour, though to the hearers it seemed all too brief. The interest which the Holy Father himself was pleased to take in the event may be illustrated by a little incident. The sacred vestments of the Pontifical Chapel are preserved in the Vatican, and are used, as a general rule, only on the occasion of ceremonies in which the Pope takes part, or at which he is present. It was then a surprise for the Pontiff's entourage when on Saturday morning he evinced the desire that the V atican should have a share in the O'Connell commemoration, and that the vest ments used should be from the Pon tifical Chapel. Accordingly a suit of vestments was sent from the presses of the Sixtine Chapel to the Irish College, and as his Holiness had expressly ordered the very richest to be sent, it happened that at the Requiem service for Daniel O'Connell were employed those sacred robes which were last used at the funeral of Pius IX. Telegrams from Genoa told that on the same day O'Connell was being prayed for and honoured i there in a generous and Christian manner. The programme of the Genoa celebration was carried out in the most enthusiastic and successful manner. In Rome, too, the Italian Catholics desired to' show their re gard for the great Irishman. On the magnificent premises of the 44 Rom- anina" club, in Via Monserrato, an address was delivered vividly pictur ing the life and work of the Irish patriot. ' The Approaching Canonizations. The semi-public Consistory which precedes a canonization will be held in the Vatican on Thursday of this week. The decorations of St. Peter's for the event are going on actively, For the moment the great Basilica is in the hands of workmen. Papal Encyclical. The Holy Father has published an Encyclical on the approach of Pente cost. It is a' document of an ex clusively religious character, explain ing the Catholic doctrine as to the Holy Ghost, His gifts and ' His works, and our duties of homage,' worship, and prayer towards Him as one of the Persons of the Blessed Trinity. The Holy Father and the Sultan. A semi- official denial is given by the Osservatore Romano to the Rome telegram published by a London morning paper some days ago, alleg ing that the relations between the Porte and the Holy See had ceased, owing to the discourteous reception given by the Sultan to the Apostolic Delegate on the occasion of his pre senting a letter from the Holy Father to His Majesty, asking the latter's protection for the Christians in Crete. The whole account is de clared to be unfounded. 