BODY-SNATCHING. Dublin graveyards are nesrly all outside tbe walls— thst is. supposing the walls Jo exist which once made Dublin a fortifiea town. There are a surprising tvurolier of them when when one thinks of it, and the more surprising that Uiiy are not churuhtnrds, iHit simply places ol sepulluriu though oocaaioually a ruined gable thrusting itoelf above tbe grey headstones proves that oncc the graves were clustered about a church. There is quite a ring of throe almost forgottten grnvtyards surrounding Dublin at every point— gruwsome places until Nature has quite recovered them, aud, as in thi ease of Bully's Acre, tbe most famous of tbem, hidden, all except the shoulders ot the gravi s tones, under tbe loug wiring grey green grass, as luxuriant as tbe coarae grass of American prairies. But this docs not take place until man has consented to give bsck tbe grave yard to Nature ; and this is what he is lutb to do in Irelsud. He clings to bis own right, snd his children's, to be buried with his father's as strenuously as he clings to bis patch of laud where he lives Why, tbe attempU of tbe Hoys I Hospital authorities to elose, or even to enclose, bully's Acre, caused tbe mo*t violent riot* in lbthlin Once the Liberty Boys marched out to attack tbo lioyal Hospital, and were met with closing of the gates and hasty arming oi tbe veterans who had fought at Miuden, l)etti gen, and the Heights of Abraham I'be moh wis repulsed with some slaughter by (be old soldiers, but tbe attempt to enclose tho historic graveyard waa given up. Tbe place was finally closed as a burial-ground afttr tbe cholera of 1852 had oongeated it past its utmost limit*. They burtod five hundred there in ten days. The same year saw the burial there of Dan Donnelly, tbe famous pugilist, who bad in in ternational combat beaten tbe Bnglishmsn, Cooper, in tbat ii.deutation of the Cumgh ol Kildare known sine*- as Donnelly's Hollow. Nothing would please his adoring countrymen but to buiy their champion in what is known ss ' Brian B.-ru's grave,' And there under the ancient Cross of St. Margurnd the prize fighter's dust mingles with the Roys) dost of the tictor of ClontaH. Uld people in lndand will tell you still of Donnellr'e triumpbsot entry into Dublin after the prise-fight. He was carried on men's shoulders io the midst of a roaring sea of meo, while his old mother walked st tbe head of the procession, crying J with exultant pride as she beat her bosom, ' There's tbe breast that sucked him 1 There's the b*eaj-t that sucked him !' A couple of miles or so from Bully's Acre, ou the high road leading to Kildare, is Blue Bell graveyard, which used to be the scene of many body-snatehiug exploits. It, too, is closed as a place of burial, though, still, burtals take place 1 thrre by stealth. It is bidden by a high wall, wjtb a big gate at one end, and a tangly lane leads to it from the road. Sucb place*, iu their loncliiiets and uolatioii.were th* body-snatchcm op|K-rtui- ity. I kuow one who when hi' locks Mere lini-wbite was ao inuocfnt accomplice in i the hody-matching I give the recital in bis own words ' Thi re waa a man named Jemmy Byrne, io my graudfather's employ, used to drive a milk cart to Dublin by tbe Naas-rosd every morning, 1 was a rosy-cheekcd little chap at the time, not above eight years of age. One morning I was in tbe cart with Jemmy, and it was tbe grey of the morning. Wben we csme nigh Blue Bell, Jemmy pulled up iu tbe shadow of tbe wall sud| gave a low whistle. There wss another whistle out of tbe dark, and then two fine, able-bodied young fellow* lifted a sack into tbe cart. Tbe uiinute we bad it Jemmy drove off like blazes, j * Sit down on the sack,' siid Jemmy to me, 'an* j nihke yourself comfortable, su' if we're stopj-ed just keep your scat and look quiet au' aisy, an* I'll btay you a tine lump of gingerbiead.' We weren't stoj-|ied that rooming : I've uo doubt Jemmy couldn't have had a better disguise than my innocent face. M'was long sfterwards, when 1 was nearly a man growu that 1 knew what we picked up iu the sack aud dropped at Stoeven's Ho-pital. They used to give Jemmy oneand six or two tihilljiigs for fotchiug in tho body aoiong the milk-caus. Jemmy was the devil for roguery of all sorts ; but I wouldn't have taken the risk, not I.' Tbe risk was no light thing. Tbe rclittiveh of tbe dead used to watch the graves, and woe to the lH-dy-snatcber who was caught red-handed ! Young Dr Abraham Collef, M Meiriou-stp..ire, was either shot dead iu a body- snatching melee, or died of the wounds. It was :-tSoggHrd churchyard, further into tbe country than Blue Bell, aud in a wild mountainous district. He and smne others were lifting the body of a girl who had died of consumption when they wr-re (surprised by the watchera. The man who fired tl.ut fatal shot wss a near relative of the dead gul. No one betrayed bim, though every one knew ; I suppose tbey thought it was n just relributn-n. The man died Ibe other day at * ripe nge. J bad si en him many a time, ruddy cheeked, blue-eyed, bis red heard beginning to grirzle. To judgo by his looks, Dr. I'oileK's death bad not Iniu heavily on bis heart or consc.enof . Sir Dominic Corrigau used to tell us bow be took part in body-suutching * xpeditions, and of how he had to run for bis life from Bully's Acre, with an iufuriated crowd at bis heel*. A frieud of mine became very inuocently involved in as disagreeable an adsentnrc. He is au enthu siastic antiquarian, aud being ou a visit with a frit nd, a country doctor, he suggested oue. even ing tbat they might see the old abl»ey by moon light. The abbey is on a headland jutting into the bay. They reached the placa before the moou was up, aud haviug left tbe town b- hind, found tbe couutry enveloped in tbe pitchy blackuess before monu-risiug Tbey had taken the precaution to bring a lantern, however, aud this tbey proceeded to light wben tbey had turned iuto the long, lonely lane, which is so truly a road of sorrow. Arrived at tbe abl-ey, they amu6cd thunselves while waiting for oioon-i ising, by d« ciphering with the aid uf the lantern the in-criptioue on the. old tombs. A wet f« y was, blowing in from the seu hy tbis time, mid they began to consider the advi* 'hility of get iug back to their wurui lire siiio. Sinhh idy there was a faint rustling movement through the long grass about the graves. ' Ghosts said my friend. '* Worse,' ssid the other man in a fierce Mbisper. ** The »Mlchers ! Out with the lantern, aud make a i loth for your life !' The lanteru was blown out and filing down with :i clatter ou a hidden grave stone. That minute there sienied to be a rush from ever}' side. ' (jod grant now the moon due»n'L rise !' prayed ihe utihupp.v antiquarian. He eluded half-a-dozen gri|» as he made his dnsb for life. At every step he fell over old licndMoiies, or stumble! upou graves. All aiouud bun be heard men cuisiug below thoir breaths as they too groped and felt in the blhckness. He wati some timu befoie he found an exit from the graveyard, for though the moou rose the fog was a thick while vupour. Once bis preseuce of uiind saved him. He was suddenly caught and bold iu the mist. ' Damn it, man,' he said iu a husky whisper, 'don't throttle a friend !'* The hand reMxed from bis throat, and a few minutes later he was |-cltiug Across fields as bard as he coold go iu tbe direc tion of Ihe town. Hif friend bad reached home before him, and was considering whether friend ship obliged him to call iu the police. ' I know if they hud you it was murder, M be said, 41 but on the other hand, if tbey kuew it was I was io your company, my bouse would be wrecked »ud I myself driven out in tbe world. Oh, tbe devil take you and your nntiquitii s I' ' Kasy,' said tbe other, ' 'twav yourself should bave known the folly of the thing. And surely you could hsve cleared yourself to your own townsmen !' 41 Tbe waters of tbe ocean wouldn't wash me P said tlie doctor, ' and auybow, they'd give jne no trial. 'Twould be a case of bMiging first And trying me afterwards. But all's well tbat ends well. There'll lie a hullabaloo about the body snstohing. but they'll put it down to the lads I rom C — — Medical School. One devilment moro or less to the acoouut of those luckos won't matter.'— ?* Pall Mall UsE^tte.' 