NEW ANGLICAN CHURCH NORTH ROCKHAMPTON. DEDICATION SERVICE. On the crest of a hill facing Musgrave street, North Rockhampton or what is more commonly called the Yaamba Road-Stands the newly-built Anglican Church. Anyone passing this spot twelve months ago would have seen only numerons prickly pear bushes and thick scrub. But during the year a great change was made. The Anglican hurch authorities bought an acre of ground as |a site for a church, and they set to work at once to clear off the prickly pear bushes and the small shrnbs. The collections in aid of the fund for building thc church were commenced in Easter, 1895, and the reaponee was far above expectations, subscriptions coming in freely. Hundreds of dray roads of prickly pear and superfluous greenery- were removed from the site to have it in readiness for the Governor to lay the foundation stone of the church while on his visit to Rockhampton, The arrangements were well carried out, and on the afternoon of the 3rd of June, 1896, His Excellency Lord Lamington, declared the foundation stone of St, Barnabas's Church, North Rockhampton, to be well and truly laid. Some fe» months were then allowed to elapse during which further contributions were received from different sources, and it was not until October that the real work of building the church was begun. The church is now almost complete, one addition yet required being the pulpit, while there are sundry other matters needing attention. The architect was Mr. A. M. Hutton, and the contractors Messrs. R. Cousins and Co. The building is erected in the Gothic style of architecture, and is 64 ft. long by 28 lu wide. It is built of pine with hardwood studs, and a galvanised iron roof covers the structure. |The church, how ever, ¡B not ceiled or lined io any way and the exceptional heat of yesterday, when it was dedicated for public service, made it almost unbearable at the morning service. The building stands back a short distance from the road and bas two entrances, with a porch at each.. Inside the church, between the two porches, stands the baptistry. Thc font rests on tho foundation laid by the Governor and the whole of the stonework connected with it was the gift of Mr. G. Sanderson, Stanwell. It may be mentioned that Mr. Sanderson was the builder of St. Paul's Church, Rockhamp- ton, and although it is ' of considerable dimensions Mr. Sanderson put every stone in place himself and on finding that it suited, he allowed his workmen to fix it permanently. To resume, St. Barnabas's Church looks neat inside and presents a picturesque appearance from the exterior, the few scattered brigalow trees in the front tending to improve ita appearance. The most important gift to the church is thc communion table, presented by Archdeacon Lester. It is constructed of cedar, and was built by Mr. I). Sutherland, Longreach. Each panel bas been neatly carved. Tbe centre panel is in the shape of a Maltese cross, which is thrown into relief by the rich terrs cotta brocade Bet in at the back. Old gold brocade adorns the wall above the cummunion table, while on each side peacock blue cloth is hung. The chancel is on a raised Îilatform which, has to be ascended by several ow steps. The lectern from, which the lessons are read stands to the left while looking towards the altar. This serves the place of the pulpit at present, but when that necessary addition is supplied the lectern will be removed to the opposite side. Still looking forward, the organ is Been in a recess on the left-hand side, while the vestry adjoins it. The organ is one of Estey's and cost seventy-eight guineas. Four Rochester lamps are suspended to the cross bara at equal distances, and are said to give an excellent light. The clock on the wall is the gift of Mr. VV. G. J. Edgar, while the beU hung in the church grounds was proscuted by Mr. S. P. Julius, late of Stan- well, and a brother of the vicar of the church. »The bell was cast in Rockhampton by Messrs. Sidney Williams and Co., and while it was being tolled at the morning service it seemed to greatly interest the groups of Islanders who were standing round. The I coat of the building vee £384, and the I seat« which are made of pine added I another £38. The land is already the pro- perty of the church authorities, and there is only a very small sum owing on the ' building. The Building Committee who superintended the erection of the church were the Rev. A. H. Julius (Vicar of St. Barnabas's Church), the Rev. A. N. Garrett (Curate of St. Barnabas's Church), and the Parochial Council, consisting of Messrs. J. Stephenson (church warden), W. P. Foley and W. Phillips (lay readers), R. Thomas, E. S. Lucas, J. F. Davis, and R. W. Jones. These gentlemen are to be congratulated on so suc- cessfully completing this work. DEDICATION SERVICE. As already stated, tbs dedication services in connection with the opening of the church took place yesterday, when there was a large congregation present. At eight o'clock there was a celebration of Holy Communion conducted by the Rev. A. H. Julius and the Rev. A. N. Gsrrett. At eleven o'clock the dedication service took place. The service was conducted by Archdeacon Lester (Long- reach), assisted by the Rev. Messrs. A. H. Julius, A. N. Garrett, and R. A. Bryant (Emerald). Canon Richards (Vicar of St. Paul's Church) read the lesson. Archdeacon Lester preached. He said : We meet together to-day, my friends, to dedicate to God this church as a building specially reserved for His worship. More than this we set apart this church uot merely for tho worship of God in general, but fer the worship of God according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England. We connect this dedication with the name of St. Barnabas the apostle of consolation and ex- hortation. It seems to me fitting that on such an occasion we Bhould for a few moments . consider what we mean by the Church of England whose loyal sons we are ; and at the same time remind ourselves of that great Bystem of worship by which our mother church has for so many centuries ministered consolation, and sent forth exhortation to her spiritual children. This morning then we will shortly review our position as members of the Church of England. This evening we will more particularly remind ourselves of the well ordered series of the means of grace pro- vided for our use and edification by our ohuroh. In the first place then what do we mean by a church ? The widest meaning of the word would, I suppose, include the words of St. Paul " All that iu any place call upon Jesus nhriat nor Lord, both thnii-a and nnr* " I Agata wo may use the word to denote that great and holy church invisible, whioh in. j Holy Scripture ia called the mystical body of Christ, of which all baptised persons in virtue ' of their baptism, are members, though many fall short of their high calling and forfeit their place and pirvilege. It is of thia invisible church that the great Hooker Bays " concern- ing this flock it is that our Lord and Saviour hath promised I give unto them eternal life, and they shall never perish, neither shall any pluck them out of my hand. Xhey who are of this aooiety have auch marka fud notes of distinction from all others, as are not perceptible to onr sense, only unto God Who seetn theirhearts and understandeth all thoir thoughts and cogitations, unto Bim are they clear and. manifest." It is of this invisible church that we read in the Bible such glorious words as these :-" ie are come unto Mount Zion and unto the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusalem, and to the innumerable company of angels, to the general assembly and church of the firstborn, which are written in heaven and to God, the Judge of all." Again of this invisible church In her future triumph St. John says, " I, John, saw the holy city, the New Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, pre- pared as a bride adorned far har husband." we are, however, this morning concerned with the visible church which from the beginning of thc Malory of Christianity, has been thc means in God's hand, of uniting in an organised body tho ninny million, good, bad, and indifferent, to whom by the preaching of thc cross and tho ministry of thc sacramento, a chance has bee» offered of proving them- selves in thu sight of God worthy members of the body of Curial. Wc find theo, even in the earliest days, au organised body li no wu to > all tnenae the church, with a common faith, a common Lord, a common baptism, one system of worship, two divinely appointed sacraments, one form of government, by bishops, iirieats and deacoiiB. These point« of resemblance were sufficient to secure thc outward unity of the church in un age, when such un outward unity was essential to ila well-being, lt is important to remember, however, that from thc earliest times, even iu thc days of thc apostles, there were differences, important though not vital, in thc practice nf thc several local churches. The idea of thc visible church in - tho carly days of Christianity was that of a number ol inde- pendent lucul churches bound together hy- the bund of a common faith, a common ?node of government and common sacra- ments; but differing in their customs, their forms of public prayer, mid ihcir times of obsirving ccrluiu meat festivals. In tile New Testament wu find mention of many such loc.il churches, ibu churches of Jerusalem, Corinth, Babylon, Ephesus, Smyrna, Perdamos, Thyatira, Sardi», und Philadelphia.-As thc number of Ctirialrians increased these local churches arc spoken of in groups. Wc rend, for instance, in thc Acta of tito churches io Asia Minor, and in thu Epistles of thc chutclies of Galatia and Mace- donia, Kt Paul in the 2nd Epistle to the 'Corinthians addresses himself to the church of God in Corinth with "all thc saints in the whole province of Aclwia." From the' first thc bishop wan the centre of unity for the local church. As thc scuior of thc body ol presbyters ju one diocese he regulated the concerns of all Christian people in that diocese. Soon, however, it became necessary to provide for tho eight ruling the church iu districts too large to be included in one diocese ; and following the example of the Roman civil government, tho bishops of different dioceses grouped their dioceses into provinces and finally in patriar- chates. The patriarchates «-ere originally independent and of equal dignity, but the changes in the outside world which made Borne, and afterwards Constantinople, the centre of political interest and commercial activity, gave to these sees a preponderating influence in the affairs of the church at large. It waa from this patriarchal power and dignity that the pretentious of the Roman see first sprung. Up to the year 600 A.n. there was no claim made and sustained for the Roman aee, beyond what could justly be made for it aa the senior and most im- portant patriarchate of the Christian world. Indeed Pope Gregory between the years 690 and 601 says with regard to the claim of the Bishop of Rome to be called Episoopus Spiaeoporum or universal Bishop, which was then under discussion, " Who ¡B thc man who, in opposition to the decrees of the canons, ventures to assume this novel designa- tion 1 Far from the hearts of Christians be that name of blasphemy, whereby tbe honour of all priests is taken away, whilst one man madly arrogates it to himself." Pope Boni- face however, his successor, was of a different mied and from this time forward we find the Papal power steadily increasing^ The spread of the Papal power was due to three main causes : -First. The great rival patriarchates of the East, Antioch, Alexandria, and Constanti- nople, were at this time and for years after at the mercy of the followers of. Mohamed. Second, the political and religious world of Europe cried out for some centre of unity, powerful enough to. be a court of appeal against tho lawless governments of the age. Third, two spurious sets of documents, the Donation of Constantine and the Decretals of Isidore, ,had at that time credit which has long since been denied them, even by the stoutest champions of Rome. For some 800 years the Western part of Christendom was subject to the Roman see; but not without protest. Tbe national churches of Europe, even though conquered, withstood ber power. Oar own church, the Church of England, was* one of tho most stubborn and and was in the end the most successful of those national churches which resisted the Papal power. In the beginning it was from the national church of France that our country was evangelised. The church which sprang from the efforts of the Gallican mis- sionaries was a strong and zealous church, with ita ardent missionaries, who spread the knowledge of the Gospel as far even as the wild places of Switzerland. It had too its faithful band of martyrs headed by the Roman soldier St, Alban. While loyal to its mother church in France, it preserved its independence in discipline and practice as a national church. So important was this British church that we read of three bishops who in thc year 314 were sent to attend the council in Aries, in France, and about a hundred years later when the heresy of Pelagius made it advisable to get fresh and authoritative teachers, it was to France and and not to Rome that the British church ap days, and the country was gradually subdued by the Anglo-Saxon tribes, who at that time were heathen. Thc British church retreated . before thc conquerers and flourished only in the moro remote parts of the British Isles. The Saxons were In their turn converted to Christianity by a band of missionaries sent from Rome under Augustine. For some years the ancient British church held fast to her independence hut in time she was forced to amalgamate with the church of the Saxons as far at least as England was concerned. From this time to the time of the Reforma- tion church history shows us a national church, subject to Rome but never wanting champions of her national independence. We cannot assert that the opposition to the claims of Rome was always disinterested, nor can we prove that it was ever for any long period suocessful, but we are quite within the limits of strict truth when we state that there was . ne time in thc history of England when there was no voice, either clerical or lay, raised against the attempt of a foreign bishop to regulate the affairs of our national church. We are all familiar with the history of the Reformation when this resistance caine to a head ; and when tho Church of England once for all repudiated not only the rule of Rome, but with lt all the errors in faith and doctrine which had from time to time been forced upon an unwilling people by a power whjcli was at that time irresistible. Thc church retaining its character as a national church, admitting no break in its descent from tho purer churcheB of the first ages of Chris- tianity, treasuring os a priceless heritage iu threefold ministry, its divinely appointed sacraments, its three primivo Catholic creeds, restored the faith and practice of her eons to that primitive simplicity of which it had been robbed by the corruptions of thc dark ogee. And here, perhaps, we may briefly notico tho controversy on the validity of Anglican orders which has been for a moment rovived by thc recent Bull of Pope Leo XIII. That our official ministry ÍB unbroken in its descent from the time of tho apostles no one now denies. For many years the story known os the 4' Nag's Head Fable " has been given up by all the leading Roman authorities ; but that this official descent has been of such a nature as to secure to the Anglican ministry the powers and privileges whicli attath to thc Roman priesthood ÍB denied emphatically by all Roman authorities since thc lost Bull of the present Pope. Now, although wc do not recognise the right of any foreign bishop to Íironounce with authority on a question which s only to be solved by unbiassed judgment of trained historians, we cannot bc sorry for this pronouncement, because it only denies to the church of England what since tho Reformation she has never claimed. By denying the validity of Aglioan orders thc Pope denies to our priesthood First tho power hy which the priest in virtue of hts office is alleged to be able to work a miracle in every sacramental not which he performs ; seoond, that power (which be has in virtue of his mission from But in time tho Britons fell on evil tho Pope) ef binding and loosing sad of regulating tho system of penance by which certain of tho penah ios of sin are ullcged to.be rcmillcd or alleviated. These things the church of Kngland no- where claims for her priests, What silo docs claim and what no man can deny her is a threefold ministry which history proves lo have been unbroken in its decent from tho apostles, a scriptural doctrine freed from thc superstitions ot the dark ages, and sacraments which depeud for their efficacy on tho usc of thc words with which our Lord instituted them, the due authority which her ministers bear, and tito faith which entibies thc receiver to apply their graces to Ilia own soul. These threo tilings, doctriuc, sacrament, aud orders, have been hers ever since? thc* first British bishop ruled his half savage flock ; tho Reformation restored them to us in their primitive and apostolic form, and they arc nura lo treasure and to usc to-day. Since thc Reformation tile history nf our church lias keen thc history of au education. At thc lime of thc Heformatiou many mistakes were made ; much good work was loft undone nr unfinished ; the church in lier new liberty wa» tempted, at ouc time to sloth und care ICBHUOSS, nt. another 'upi ide and bigotry ; but through the mercy of Ci od she had educators. From lime to lime earnest men feeling ilcuply' minc glaring deficiency in her practico or sonic obvious inadequacy iii her methods, with too great haste despairing of her broke away from her communion. Thus were formed thc many sects which now so greatly complicité the problem of thu reunion of Christendom. While w« without reserve admit the fault« of thc mother church which led to these unhappy divisions, we cannot help feeling how .different might have been the uspectof lVotestaiitChristcndom if thu leaders of the dissenting bodies bad been of thc mind of thc saintly Wesley brothers, who strove with all their might against the deficiencies of their mother church, and yet remained her devoted and loyal sons. How much pain, heart-burning, and loss of force might have been spared to tho Christian world if the Wcsleyans alone had been loyal to the solemnly expressed wishes of their founder ; who at thc end of his long life said, " I declare once more that I live and die a member of the Church of Kngland, and none that regard my judgment or advice will ever separate from it." But although we call these divisions unhappy divisions and rightly so ; yet we cannot fail to see that it is from them that in a great measure that the church has learnt to bring out of her treasure many things important to tho wellbeing of her children which had remained hidden iii the times of her subjection to a foreign power, aud of ber acceptance of a corrupt teaching. That the church possesses everything necessary for the well-being of a Christian man we implicitly believe, but we also very clearly see that it is opposition and persecution that teaches her the resources she is intrusted with and the best way of bringing them into active me. Even at the present moment the rapid advances of free inquiry is teaching the church that if she would not be found faith- less to her high calling she must in ber Master's name apply her message and adapt her methods to the great problems, social, economical, and critical, which engage the beet thoughts of ber best sons. The age in whioh wo live is an age of quick development and wide expansion, and the church has not been slow to recognise this ; at no former time has her hold on the trea- sures committed to her charge been so strong, her sense of her responsibility so great ; she has shown to all who have eyes to see that she is determined to preserve her great Catholic heritage'against all assaults, from within or from without ; but at the same time she is prepared to bring the light of the incarnation to bear on tho vexed and burning rations of the day, and she liss no fear but t the old message with which she is entrusted will furnish in God's time an answer to even the newest of modern diffi- culties. And now, my friends, you would perhaps ask why on so important an occasion as this I have taken np your time by giving you what is merely a short end imperfect sketch of the Churoh of England. I have done so for this reason :-I believe it to be a 'roost important thing at the opening of a new church to realise that the building of a church is notitnerely a parochial triumph. That your parish is to be sincerely congratulated on the energy and devotion which have built thia church I should be tho first to admit, and that the parishioners of North Rockhampton will be for the most part those who will use it is a self-evident fact ; but in opening thiB church wo - thank God for far more than the fact that you will henceforth worship God more at your ease and in a more Beemly and decent manner. We thank God for having enabled us to throw out a nsw outpost from our mother church ; to add another to thoBe outward and visible evidences of the loyalty of the sons of the church of England which give tho lie to all who assert that she is a dead, or at any rate a sleeping church. It is not only the magnificent cathedrals of every English-speaking land that witness to thc vitality of that reverence which demands that God should be worshipped in a house worthy of His name. A churoh Uko this, built'solely lor the honour of God, destined as we hope and pray to he the centre of a good work which will honour Him more thttD tho finest building in tbe world a church like this-haB a voice more emphatic in its way, than that of tho churches of more ancient land, to proclaim that the eons of thc Church cf England still love to honour their God .after the manner and according to the customs of their forefathers. Surely, my friends, this day ought not to pass by without being witness to many renewals of loyalty on the part of those who are wor- shippers in this church. Resolutions, not of the ineffectual kind, whioh are well said to pave thc road to hell ; but strong steady resolutions such as men make when they realise afresh the bearings of a serious, weighty fact upon thc conduct of their lives. It is a fact that most of us bore are children of the Church of England ; it is also a fact that for ber liberty and fur the purity of her faith aud practico our fathers did not grudge their happiness, their fortunes, and it majr be their lives. If any man is convinced that the churoh of his baptism has forfeited all claim on his allegiance I have nothing to say to him either of blame or otherwise ; but this serious, well-considered withdrawal ¡rom the responsi- bilities of an Anglicau can be the fate of but few. Others, all that is to say who aro now assembled to open this church, cannot refuse to acknowledge their responsibility. They aro sons of a great historio church ; tiley must be either loyal or disloyal to lier ; there is no middle way; if they are not working for her-giving up something for her, they must bear the blame of disloyalty. ' No amount of personal piety, no amount of con- gregational seal can hide the fact that they arc not doing as they ought -to do, os their fathers have done, and as countless numbers of her sons will in the future delight ts de., One of the highest and noblest sentiments in human natura is the feeling honour which bide a man bo loyal at all costs to that from which ho has received great benefits. The most careless man acknowledges that in- gratitude is one of tho worst of crimes. Ordinary care for our fellow men dcmundB that we should hand on to our children those blessings which have boen potent for good in our own lives. Surely then I need Bay no more to make you realise that want of loyalty to your mother church is not only a sin but a cause for shame. To be a churchman and not a loyal churchman, seems to me to bc foolish as well as dishonorable Let us then determine that this new church shall be a centre from which shall radiate all that is best in thc life of tho Church of England, Hero wo will dedicate oursolve and our life to God ; here wo will get refreshment and hope when the struggle becomes fierce and our strength fails ; here we will faithfully keep and hand on to the others those sured truths and priceless privileges for which our fathers and by which they lived aud died. And may God Almighty, the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit be with us in all our work and worship, and may He abundantly prosper tile work ot our bauds upon us both now and ever moro ? Archdeacon LusTKK then pronounced the dedication in these words: " Herc let true faith, thc fear of God, and brotherly love ever remain ; this pluce is dcdioaled to prayer and lo lim praise of the most holy name of Our Lord Jesus Christ. I declare thia Churo)) of Kt. Barnabas to be now dedicated to the service of God, in the name of tho Father, and of thc Son, and of thc Holy Ghost. Amen." A coiumuuion Bervicc followed, and it was uc l attended. Thc Rev. A. N Garrett conducted a children's service at three o'clock, when Canon Richards delivered an address. At four o'clock a Pacific Islanders' service was held, conducted by thc Rev. A. H. Julius, thc hymns and service beiug rcudcrcd in thc Mota language. At half-past seven evensong wis conducted by Rev. A. H. Julius. Arch- deacon Lester preached on "The Kxpluuation of thc Church's Worship," The k-ssoiiB wero read by the Kev. F. J. Al ó and thc Rev. Ii. A. Bryant. Mr. F. T. Jackman ucted us organist at'ull of tho services, while Mr. W. I'iiillips was thc choirmaster. Mesura. Foley and Phillips, the licensed lay readers, wore their robes of olficc. Tho offertories for thc day amounted'to iJO 4s. Gd. A few remarks about thc progresa of thc Anglican Church at North Rockhampton may not bc out of place. The Rev. A. C. Yorlco was thc first Anglican clergyman set apart for North Hod;hampton, his appoint- ment being made in ISSt. For twelve mouths Mr. Yorke conducted thc services iu the house now occupied by thc Rev, A, H. Julius as a private residence, 'adjoining tho present church. In I8Í5 Mr. Yorke left the district and weut to New Seth Wales, and for several years North itockhampton' was without, an Auglican minister. In I8S8 Cauon Brownrigg was appoiutcd to look after the Not th Rock- hampton district, and he conducted services in tile Council Chambers. Tho Rev. M D. Pritt succeeded Canon Brownrigg, and from 1891 until 1S94 bc continued the cervices in thc Council Chambers. In 1894 Mr. Pritt left thc district, and in July ot that year the Rev. A. H. Julius was appointed to take charge of thc district. Thc church scrviceB were carried on iu the Council Chambers until yesterday when they were held in thu i cw church and will be held there in future. Un the 1st ofMarch, 1896. the Rev. A. N. Garrett waa appointed curate of thc parish and was shortly aftpr transferred to Si. Lawrence, where he ut present resides. Unce a month services ure conducted at Emu Park by Mr. Julius. Services are conducted at Lake's Creek every Sunday, Mr. Foley and the Vicar conducting them alternately. Afternoon services are also held at Mount Hedlow and Etna Creek once a month. Mr. H. F. B<rkcr is thc Superintendent of the Sunday school as North Rockhampton, while Mr. George acts in a similar capacity at Emn Park. 