THE HAUNTED HAND. (The Idler.) "Can you get it under '" " Possibly," answered the captain rather curtly. He was curt even to his interlocutor-a privileged persC'on l ihoard-a tall, fair man, with hair that was alnlost colourless, and mlanllners subtly suggestive of velvet over steel. They both stepped 1,ack a little from1 the forward hatch. I he decks were getting too hot. despite the water that ran towards the scullprs. It was very unfortunate that the Mahanaddy's ear'g, should have ignited oIn this piarticltar veoag;e, when the Persian Mission was ont board, and the whole Press agog f1, . thei.i arrival at P'lvmouth. The captain was mentally vowing that if he had any influence whatever with the direct.r's. and if the good old ship pulled thrnough this, the Mahanaddy should never carry that cursed EgyptianI cottonI again. In the mleanItime they were pounding through the Bay of Biscay in a grey, warm gale of wvinld, such as dries the skin andl sets the nerve to tingle. They were heading straight tor Ushant, they were racing with the fire that burnt inside the good ship like some fell disease. And she, as if she had sense and knew her danger, lifted her great prow to the horizon, and strained for wards through the hissing sea. The spray thrown up by the cut- water dried immediately on her hot sides, leaving the brine on the black paint. Between the planks the pitch exuded, black and glistening like jet. It stuck to the boots of the men and officers, who worked like souls possessed - tired, worn, and dirty. " And if you don't get it under ?" said the fair man softly ; he spoke as if his listeneP was in pain, needing gentle treatment. The captain glanced over the rail to the wild sea, which seemed to gloat over their trouble, and shrugged his shoulders significantly. " It is awkward," admitted the other, and he smiled softly. As has been pre%,iously mentioned, he was a privileged person. Hei was the second in command of thei Persian Mission. and it was whispered in certain circles that he was second to none in that particular form of diplomacy which was his-namely, the management of' Oriental potentates. His chief was Iblow. in his stateroom1, penning one ? f those perfectly-worded literary diespatclhes for which he was famed. It seemed likely that this particular prodnu.tion was destined to he picked up by a sar dine fisher of the Morbihan- the work of a i"aniished hand-but that, in the estiimationl of the writer, was no reason why it should not he worthy of his reliu tation<. So lhe sat in the cabin of what seemed tio ie a1 doomed ship, and ad dressed his rounded periods ,to Her Ma;esty's Secretary for Foreign Affairs. SHolw are they' getting oni aft ?" said the captain suddenly. " Pretty well. The lades have found it all out, though. They see through our Idandislhients. They know that it is touch and go." Thei captain turned aside to give an i'rlder to one of the quarter masters, and. when that was executed, there was noth ing 1 more ito be done. All that human hrain coloi devise, human handms hadl execnteil. The hatches were battened and covered deep in soaked canvas. The bulkheads were screwed close-the decks were kept constantly under "water. The question now was whether the fire could be smothered or not, and the answer was with Fate. " I wish," said the captain, "that you would go aft and. keep up their hearts." The fair man laughed. " How 7" he said. " Give them a meal ?" " Can't give them any more meals; they have just had lunch." " Well," said the diplomat, "I will order tea ; it is a good thing to die on11. " No, spin them a yarn or something. Distract their attention. It will be settled one way or the other in half an hour." " All right," turning on his heel, 'I'll tell them a little story." He lounged aft to where the ladies-there were only five of them--sat in a group. and drew forward a chair and seated him self, crossing one leg over the other, and drawing up reflectively a creaseless black sock. He made no pretence of conceal ment out of respect for the ladies, seem ing to take it for granted that they all (including three .oung girls) muast know that somewhere the sock ends and the leg begins. I lhtrve," lie said, "been telling the captain a little story, an improving tale with no moral They. lead a slow and monotonous life, these mariners : 1. do my best to relieve the dreariness of it." " Tell us the story," said the Great Lady. She guessedl that no questions were to be asked. •" It is." lie exclaimed, " a horrible tale ! A blood-curdling little narrative which will sound nasty in the daylight." The three youing girls drew in their chairs, while the iu en smiled. serenely siire of their owni nerves. " Tl' sort of tale." continued the narrator, " to haunt '0ou. It haunts me -not the whole of me-only that handl." He raised in the air his right arm. and ooilonlplaiedh, relectively, a frail, brown-fingered hand. '"That hand," lie added with a vague smile. " is haunted. It has a special ghost of its own. 1 sometimes wake up in the night, and the ghost is there. " They," and he slowly curved his fingers, " have hold of it." After a little pause, the haunted hand returned to the black sock. " It was years ago," he began, "when I" (with an imperceptible glancetowards the Great Lady) "was at the bottom of the tree. I was attache' in a great city. The peace ot Europe was hanging by a thread-not only in the newspapers. A secret treaty was in course of completion between England and another Power. A draft of this treaty was sent to my chief. We had it at the Embassy, and it was rather a white elephant to us, because we suspected that its presence in the house was known to the Government of the country to which we were accredited. While it was in the house the chief asked us all to remain at home in the evening, for we all lived under one roof. " We dined with him every night. He was a bachelor-a dried-up little man with a mind like a magnet. He was the very calmest little man I have ever dealt with ; just the man for the place, for there was no very stable Go vernment in the country at that time, and he had to keep four or five parties in a good humor. " After a long dinner on the third evening we played pool, and went on playing very late, long after the servant had gone to bed. " It was the chief who heard the sound of stealthy keys being thrust into the lock of the front door, which was imme diately below his dressing-room, whither he had gorne to get change for a five for a large coin. " He came back to the billiard-room looking a little calmer than usual. • " You chaps,' he said, putting on his coat, 'there is someone trying to force the front door. There is a light in the hall. Shall we go down and watch the operations ?' " We knowing him too well to take this for a joke, laid aside our cues and followed him without waiting to-put on our coats. " We all crept downstairs and stood on the mat in the dim light of the lowered gas. Five of us-listening to the operatins of the skilled workmen on the other side of the door. " This, after the manner of the doors of that country, had no bolts, but only a large lock and chain in one piece with the handle. " After trying several keys, the idea of opening the dcor by unlocking it was apparently abandoned. Presently the evil looking point of a centre-bit emerged from the woodwork of the mimassive panel with a sound like a dog eating biscuits. The chief motioned us to stand aside, for it was only natural to suppose that an eye would be applied to the hole when completed. Owing to the thickness of the wood work the limit of vision through the aperture could only be small, and by crouching down we easily made our selves invisible. " In a marvellously short space of time there was a hole as large as that saucer in the door. " We five crouched around it,. watching it like terriers at a rat- hole. "Then an idea struck me-a rare occurrence- and I crept back to the hat stand, where a leather dog leash hung beside the chief's top hat. " He gave a little nod as I drew the thong towards me; for he read thoughts as other men read print. "I passed the noose end through the steel swivel, and crawling on my knees to the door, held the loop, thus. made, round the nole. I was just in time. The man outside had apparently been delaying in order to turn up his sleeve. He was in no hurry; and we wondered afterwards what had become of the police guard specially told off to watch the British Embassy. "A dirty hand- essentially the hand: of toil-came through, inside my slip knot. This was followed by a bare white arm. I felt inclined to laugh, and my two hands, outstretched to hold the dog leash in place, shook visibly. "The elbow came through and curved, while the dirty fingers crept over the mechanism of the lock and chain with the intelligence of perfect knowledge. "A little further until the muscles of the upper arm were visible-then I drew the noose tight, cutting deep into the sinews. Like cats, four pairs of hands pounced upon the hand and arm,. holding it against the woodwork, while the gray fingers worked convulsively. We drew the arm through-right up to the shoulder; and they held it in place while I made fast the stout dog-leash to the two bolts of the knocker which jutted out at the top of the door. "'A neat job 1' said the chief, as we stood back and contemplated the twitching white arm. 'A very neat job. There is no hurry,' he added, beginning leisurely to unchain the door. ",It happened that I was of an athletic turn of mind in those days, and when I proposed opening the door, my colleagues stepped back and ceded to me the place of honor. "I opened it with a jerk and thrust out my hand -that hand-to where I knew his throat must be. "My fingers seemed to go right through it. I grasped something that felt like a chain in a tangle of warm, wet seaweed. I had clutched his spine ! "His companions had for their own protection cut the throat of this poor hired expert. They had done it so elfectually that the head was only re tained by the vertebral column. In his agony he had grasped the bell with his right hand, and his rigid fingers still held to the handle. He was crucified face foremost against the door." There was a pause, and the fair man looked round with a grave smile, which was, curiously enough, no longer mean ingless and placid, but very wise with the Wisdom of Life, and not of books. "And so," he said, " my hand is haunted. It sometimes wakes up at night grasping a chain in a tangle of warm and dripping seaweed !" -' Ladies," said the captain, "after so exciting a story it may scarcely interest you to know it, but the fire has been got under." 