'Botes and 'Bevoz. : At a meeting in London to celebrate General Booth's birthday, and send abroad 88 officers, tbe General said that the Army waB in vigorous health. In the whole world there were now 12,555 paid officers, increase 400, 3767 corps increase 220, 2090 outposts, increase 200, social institutions, etc., 371. In India, 10,000 people had been kept alive by grain furnished by self denying Salvationists. On Saturday laBt a Whitsuntide Confer ence was held at Castle Hill for the pro motion of the spiritual life. Therewasagood I attendance of the public. At the afternoon session the subject was 'The indwelling of the Holy Ghost for life ; speakers, the Bevs. Dr. Porter, J. Bennett, and 0. E. James. The evening subject was ' The baptism of the Holy Ghost for service, speakers, Bevs. J. E. Oarruthers, Joshua Hargrave, W. H. Piggott, and Mr. Connelly. A new Wesleyan church was opened on Sunday last at Parkes by the Bev. J. Wool nough, President of the Conference. The Church is a handBome building and haB seating accommodation for 260 persons. There is now a revised version of the Word of God called the ' Woman's Bible.' Of course it hails from America, and is from the pen of 'Women of earnestness and liberal ideas.' In its doctrine of the Trinity there is God the Father, the Mother, and the Son. There are six verses attributed to woman's oreation. In chapter vii, we are told ' the chief point of interest in this Parable of Balaam and his Ass, is that the latter belonged to the female sex.' The anniversary of the C.M. Mission passed off successfully. Each of the Sunday preachers seemed to have a good time, and there were large congregations at all the services. The winter series of the P.S.A. commenced with an address by the Bev. P. J. Stephen on 'The programme of Christianity.' On the Monday evening there was a large attendance to hear the interesting leoture by Bev. H. Worrall on ' Cannibal Fiji,' which was well received. j Tuesday, the anniversary day, will long be remembered. The drawing-room meeting was a great suocess, as were also the lengthy torohlight procession and the spirited annual public meeting. We auger for the G.M.M. a prosperous luture. A diamond jubilee fair was commenced at Newtown on Saturday last in the Wes leyan Sohool-hall for the reduotion of the 'oirouit debt, amounting to .£186. Sir J. P. Abbott opened the fair, and on behalf of Lady Abbott was presented with a basket of flowers. In the evening a number of tableaux were shown under the direotion of Mr. B. Clark. At a social gathering held at the Central Mission Medical Institute last week, Dr. Dukes, the medioal director, was made the recipient of a beautiful gold albert as .a slight token of the respect in whioh he is held by the patients of the institute past ? and present. Eulogistic speeches were | made by those who had been cured through* ? j the treatment, to which the dootor re sponded. Mr and Mrs. Hooker were also kindly mentioned. Last week a deputation from the con gregation of the Scots' church waited upon their minister, the Bev. W. M. Dill-Macky, . and presented him with a cheque for ;£50 ? as a practical token of their sympathy with* him in his reoent severe illness. 