The .date of the completion of the sixtieth year of reign of Her Majesty the Queen draws near,aad in numerous places* throughout the -Empire pre- parations for the celebration of , ihe 'ooc^ion-are. beihg'»made. Kyneto so far is ac .exception, .and. we are desirous thia.t itWo longer shall be It mayTie : tafein that the mnnicipa ^athorityfl^nld^iekd Sn * connection Trilfa locS i^lfebraffo^ahd that what may be .idone jEhonld be done fittingly of the matter, dipnld no longer be demeefeig "o^ihe^ coancii, woj amonnt3<>E% ejo^ncnce .. which would 1 <^rtainly;l>e ^Bq^ended »at e^ichja. meeting xaai&B; it desitable that the busijaeas ahouldapt be included ip that of in Jordiiiajy- mBdtir^gv --/Ws Bai^ that what may be done ehould be fittingly 1 ~ bnt if. there be much delay . 'bers energetic, representative gently men, so that the celebration slipuldj^j made not only nominally, but actually,'' the act of the people. Unless the council acts speedily the townspeople should "tafce"ttiematterinto tbeirwnr bands.1; What; form tbe pelebraiion] BlM^i't^eJi^pr ooarse^ajn^lrar^r' .opinion, b^it whether any permanent -memorial'of jfchfe eVent be determined upon, there ishould be complete arrangement for general rejoicing in Which all classes could participate, and the 'youth of the community would, .receive ; a lesson . in history which never would be forgotten. It is quite easy to understand that our local contemporary Should feel Very sore at ihe . result of the Federal Convention elections, but there is no reason why he should be persistently personal when referring to any matter in dispute. . To say 1 the least, indulging in. personalities is vecy bad form. Individuals and journals must always be expected to differ- in. opinions— perfect unanimity is neither possible nor desirable—and there "is abundant room for differences wide asunder .as are the poles—differences indicated with the jitmost possible emphasis; but the -existence of political .differences does tiot call for personalities, and we are sorry that our contemporary doesn't know any better, or, if ae have the knowledge, that he does not put it into practice. We of course admit a slight error when we remarked that only four of the Ouardian list secured election; there could be no possible object,in a misstatement which could very readily be shown to be in error. We leave that sort of thing for our contemporary, who claims that eight of the names in his list wiere those of candidates wtio were successful so far as the Kyneton electorate was con cerned. We do not object to our contemporary finding gratification in the fact, for the OBSERVER candidates were successful .to exactly the same extent. Had onr local contemporary been loyal to his ostensible principles as the echo of the Argus he would have been hopelessly ;in the mire, for he was able to make -a decent show only by including in his listthe names of Liberal candidates whose trinm- ] ihant return was a foregone conclusion flad our contemporary, been loyal to the cause he is supposed to champion he would have been proved to be completely out of . touch with public opinion, even in the Kyneton. electorate. The exact position our contemporary occupies^ as ^representing public opinion, will be easily evident when the complete returns are published. When three months ago Miss Flora Bowman was promoted from the position of senior nurse to that of acting-matron of the Kyneton hospital; and Miss Gahan was ap. pointed acting head nurse, several members of committee prophesied that the arrangement would result most beneficially to the institution. The term of probation having expired the Honse Committee reported to yesterday's meeting recommending that the appointments be made permanent. The President and other members of the House Committee eulogised the management of the institution under Miss Bowman, and described die condition of the hospital as better than at any previous time n Its history. It was stated that the nurses were loyal to the/matron, and that the most harmonious relations prevailed. The House Committee's recommendation was unani. mously adopted, and tiiat Action was emphasised "by Hie carrying of motion giving the matron , the same salary as her predecessor enjoyed, and increasing Miss Gahan's to £35 per annum. It is. now abundantly ^evident that the Kyneton Hospital is a front rank training .institution {for nurses, aim &e; committee, the contributors, andtiie ypnng ladies concerned are to be congratulated upon the result of the experiment. The case of William 0'Grady, of Lancefield affords an illustration of the evil results which may follow -from' silling in ^damp places. O'Grady had done so for along lime and the result was-a terrible-{abscess, was operated on" some time ago and had "nearly recovered - when. .a.~jfistala appeared, necessitating a further operation, which was successfully performed at the day.. ..' . ._<,, ... Miss M. A. Cole, oE Woodeiid, underwent .formidable operational the hospital yesterday. •On^Eixoccasions Mfes Coli on for hydatids, and the frequency of such treatment resulted in an enormous hernia; conse<luent;upon the weakening ^of^the walls of tie abdomen. * The operation of yesterday -was highly saecessful, and -Miss j singularly welL ' •I i. '.''J 1 ' • •: rrov At the hospital committee meeting yester day, Mr Rawson .submitted a resolution pro. posing to mark ,liifi ;siKi!ieth. ..year «E the Queen's reign by the erection of a contagious diseases ward, which is a pressing neccessity, tile tent-provided some yej sUrc council..being nearly worn ont and in-, adequate in regard to accommodation. The s, -duty of providing "forthe treatment of cases •of contagions diseases % 7 by : la w cast upon -municipal countnls^'^ Some years ago an ineffectual attempt was madf to-bring' iibout th e erectaon T of Tvardj ^bi better now, as ^e -hM^iWcbminittee at Mr Rawson'ssnggekioni'guara the cost, which isesti mated roughly at about £800. The motion was carried unanimously and on the motioh of • Mr Menttes a. snb committee was appointed to negotiate with the municipal bodies .concerned,^and with " . .II * .-Is - Accounts - are awaiting payment . £t Kyneton Eub^Treasiiry tor ;the ^following :— Kyneton Ladies' Benevolent Society,' -Shr' innes,-S. Clark. " ; glutted from a .^d^l&gtjftjvnst; O* residence of !tr jUbnajfiBgi street, was left at our office tfnsweek. ( Mr Hblmes"5n forms us that the tree is only three yeara age. ' ^famplfij was, however, , greatly defective lpooe jeqject—quantity. Wefalso received ."aisample ,£ppleS IfrbwOQie Eg jsourpe, but *i aew6paper.offioe cannot pass opinion unless a " bushd " ol such be cubnritted. Mr Anderson, Bf-i sat as a licensing magistrate at tKgJfe Tnes^y licenses fipiie St#Wia>;s P. Barry, Shamroct Hotel, Kyneton. Latab Khan, an Indian hawker, applied at the.„poJice j»jirt,on JCnesday«^ip5Wg Jor .license. ^aSBBeHl^'^-ApnA'cra^lqr the tact tiiat Latab vras^a Mahomedan ,and not numbered amongst 'the Resources of the court aud Latab thereupon expressed his willingness to be sworn on the Bible, remarking that it was all the same -to him. The police magistrate did not agree, but got over the difficulty by ascertaining from expired licenses that Latab was worthy to be enrolled a hawker, aud granted the license. . Mr J. Barry, cordial manufacturer, lost a valuable black horse ou Tuesday morning. The animal managed to break loose in the stable on Monday evening and helped iteelf a plentiful feed of wheat. It gorged itself such an extent that it took seriously ill- Remedial measures were applied but they had no effect, and the horse gave up the ghost. The members of the fire brigade,: accompanied by the Temperance Band, left Kyneton by a .special.train on- Tuesday for Maiyborougb, to . tate part .in the fire brigades 1 demonstration, an- annual movable fixture- The firemen marched to the station headed by the Temperance band, who played inspiriting strains on the way. The march was very creditably carried out. It is unsatisfactory to learn that .the carnival held on the 26th January last in connection with the Kyneton branch A-N.A. has been a financial failure. This is to be extremely regretted as the demonstration was carried out on most liberal lines, the prize money offered forcompetition amounting to a very tidy sum. Competitors were drawn from all parts of the colony and the racing on the whole was of a very exciting nature. The attendance, however, fell far short of expectations. and the local branch is saddled b p a r with a debt. The balance-sheet in connection with the carnival was submitted at a eeting of the carnival committee held on Tuesday evening. It sbo wed that the receipts fell short of the. expenditure by £12 lis 8d. The members accepted the position in a philosophic spirit and adopted the statement without comment. J WSpSn T o C hcbB The fortnightly meeting of the local branch AN.A. was held on Tuesday evening, the president (Mr F. W. Rose) in the chair). There was a moderate attendance of members. Mr E. Jarrett was elected a benefit member; and Mr S. F. Jarrett was posposed a for benefit membership. Mr J. Ruddell tW was placed ou the sick list. The committee of the Trentham branch A.N.A. wrote A accepting' an invitation to be present pa social to take place in the south room of the Mechanics 1 , on 6th April in connection with the Kyneton branch. A number of accounts were passed for payment. The meeting adjourned after business of a routine nature had been disposed of. The Redesdale line of railway is one of a large number of non-paying lines. Testerday the Commissioner made an inspection of die line with the object of determining whether it should ba closed or continued in use. Mr Matheson did not disclose any opinion he had formed. On Tuesday last Mr H. Rawson. M.L.A.; and Mr W. Thomson, president of the shire waited on the Railways Commissioner in Melbourne and urged that goods accommodation should be provided at Redesdale Junction station. The Commissioner promised that a building-for the purpose indicated should be erected, and said he would consider the matter when inspecting the Redesdale line, next day. At a meeting of the council of the Royal Agricultural Society on Tuesday Mr W. Thomson, of Kyneton, and Mr Thomas.Skene were nominated for the position of president. Several members urged that although Mr Skene was the younger member of the society he was as a sheep breeder peculiarly suited for the honor during a year in which the society hoped to effect an amalgamation with the Sheep-breeders' Association. It was also urged in favor of Mr Skene, as apart from bis per sonal ability, that he was a resident in Melbourne, and that it was desirable the president h should always be closely in touch with the society. Mr Thomson declared that under the circumstances, aud in order that the election should be unanimous, he would not oppose Mr Skene, and was cordially praised by theretiring president, MrBrunton, 11X..C, for his magnanimity; Mr Lobb expressing the hope that Mr Thomson's conduct would be remembered next year. g t12 o on M h t 4t5o4cn££ c o C dh « The very sad intimation of the death of tJy£! sister,' Miss Catherine Foley, reached tier brother, Mr "P. A. Foley, Kyneton, on Tuesday, the deceased having expired in Sydney: where she had • redded some years. The late Miss Foley was a native of Kyneton, which place she had left about 12 years ago to take up a position in the dressmaking' department of Messrs George and George, Melbourne.. She subsequently, removed with her aster, to Sydney. There is a very cident to chronicle in connection with the death of Miss Foley. O wing to weak health she had arranged tovisit England in company ^th'hs-'sister, the jpair going bo far as to pay the deposit'money necessary to secure a bcrtiumTHie of the ocean liners. Prior to the date of sailing, "the deceased was stricken 'Kjth.typhoidfever,' and thoiigh she received the best medical attention, her ? con6titution weakened ks it had been by failing health, was unable to withstand the grave; malady The "lier'lovaWe disposition and' endeiirmg Qualities I having; gaihed forher a wide circle of friends, who ^^tiy' Byir^ihi^ with .Mri Foley in the bereavement that iw overtaken him. The CommiBsiotier of Bailways, accom-, patiied by Other officials connected' with the Railway Dijjartmeiit, made a siiort [Stay at 'the' RedesSale ! railvvky fetatlbn ^esterday. There, the president o^the Metcalfe shire (Cr JJ.. Jx^in),-.. and u^ MaHiiPsop and brought nnder his notace the fact that there were no sheep yards at the: local station,-which was ^raw'baA -tothe place. Hie Commissioner was ^jsoife.; quested toeffect an alteration is the time of junmng oftSTeSEternoon train from JiedeSdale ^sincUoiL which ir ai present is despatchfid Vjparrival the J pendigi)' W Tbe Commissioner promised to give favorable consideration to both requests. The social to be given to lie Bicycle Club 1 yDrJ. H. Pestell, the president, has been ostponfeaj^mto-riightimtil Monday evening nd be held in the Mechanics' south oom. ' : • • The Conncilof Churchesobjeet to "desecration" of the Sabbath by the military forces at the Easter encampment. On Tuesday a deputation from that body had an interview on the subject wifU.the Minister. of Defence, and pointed ont-ttiat at the last Easter encampment there had been gun drill, cannonatbng and manoeuvring the whole of, the Jsunday. That was at variance wi til a promise givm by Sir James Pafcteraoiii: (The deputation, however, did iiot'desire ltd oppose the performance of any necesary work in camp on Sunday or marching exercise, but they object**! strongly to big gun and rifle firing. Mr M'Culloch, m reply, sympathised with the object of the deputation, bnt expressed the opinion that there would be no Enster encampment this year unless the Treasurer opened his purse strings. If, however, there should be an.encampment he -would give orders that on Sanday only necessary military duties should be performed. For some little time past a disease has been very prevalent among horses iuthe Thorpdalc district which baffles the skill of the wisest of the owners. The fetlock joint seems to be the part affected. The horses become unable to stand, and death results in a very short time. In some cases it is thought to be stringhalt, while others blame the botfly, The animals attacked are in good condition, and in all respects in good health. The Thorpdale Farmers' Association has reported the matter to the Agricultural department, asking that a -veterinary surgeon may be sent up to investigate the matter. The official report prepared by Mr Benjamin Jones, one of the three delegates of the Manchester Wholesale Co-operative Company, who last year visited the Australian colonies with a view to establish direci- trade with the producers, is of a most glowing character as it relates to the dairying industry. It expresses unbounded admiration of the Australian colonies as a fieldfor the development of the dairying trade. Dairying in the colonies, Mr Jones hoids, has a magnificent future before it. He predicts, an Age cable states,that as the Australian trade developes it will sweep all foreign competitors from the markets of Great Britain, and be a source of great profit to the producers themselves. In consequence of the delay which has occurred at San Francisco in connection with the extradition of Butler for the Glenbrook murders in New South Wales, Sir ulian Pauncefote, the British ambassador at ashington, recent]}' applied to the United tates Government for the extradition of the risoner. An Argus cable relates that.Mr J. herman, the new Secretary of State, has ow granted the extradition. The Castlemaine Mining Board met on uesday, and elected Mr Frederick Wissiug, f Daylesford, chairman for the ensuing year. Mr James Newman, J.P., who is leaving astlemaine this week upon a tour to Europe, as donated £25 to three o£ the local harities—£10 each to the hospital aud benevolent asylum and £.0 to the Ladies' Benevolent Committee. Mr Harry Cogill with his troupe of variety will visit Kyneton next week. Fntertainments in the Mechanics* on Tuesday and Wednesday evenings. The sale of furniture, &c.;, for Miss Gray, HoteL announced for to-day has been till furtherl notice ou account of an accident to Miss Gray. Mr Rawson auuouuees the arrival o£ 29 eases of goods direct from England. 