ANGLICAN SYNOD. THE PASTORAL CHARGE. The annual meeting of Synod was opened at St. Peter's Cathedral on Monday evening, when evensong was said. The Rev. W. S. Milne, Precentor, officiated, and Archdeacon Morse read the lessons. Among those present was the Bishop of Goulbourn. The BISHOP of ADKLAIDE, Right Rev. Dr. Harmer, delivered his Pastoral Address. The year was a year of note; it was the thirteen - hundredth anniversary of the landing of St. Augustine on the shores of Ken t; the sixtieth year of the reign of Her Majesty the Queen; the year of the fourth Lambeth Conference; aud of the Federal Convention and Methodist Union. It was fifty years next St. Peter's Day when, with Bishops of Melbourne, Cape Town, and Newcastle, that wise master-builder, Augustus Short, was set apart in Westminster Abbey to be the first Bishop of this Diocese; and that the Jubilee of the Diocese was also the Jubileeof St. Peter's Collegiate School. He exhorted the Synod to initiate or complete something worthy of the year, and alluded to the thanksgiving services to ba held in relation to the Queen's Diamond Jubilee. On the authority and the limitations of a Lambeth Conference he quoted the words of Bishop Lightfoot when reviewing in his last public utterance the legacy of the Lambeth Conference of 1888. Those words seemed to him to express the temper and the characteristics of that branch of the Church to which they belonged. "But it may be said: this was a very important and very suggestive gathering—but what was the outcome? Did it leave behind any result at all proportionate to the imposing spectacle? What questions did it settle, disposing for ever of the gelations between Christianity and science, or between religion and politics or social iife—questions of infinite perplexity, which are troubling the minds of men in our own generation. "Heaven be thanked, it did not lay down any formal dogma or infallible decree on any of these points. There is such a thing as hastening to be wise, even in Church Councils and Conferences. Of all the manifold blessings which God has showered on our Euglish Church, none surely is greater than the providence which has shielded her from premature and authoritative statements, which soon or late must be repudiated or explained away, however great may have been the temptation from time to time. The Church of England is nowhere directly or indirectly committed to the position that the sun goes round the earth; or that this world has only existed for six or seven thousand years; or that the days of creation are days of twenty-four hours each; or that the scriptural genealogies must always be accepted as strict and continuous records of the descent from father to eon; or that the sacred books were written in every case by those whose names they bear; or that there is nowhere allegory, which men have commonly mistaken for history. Ou these and similar points our Church has beeu silent; though individuals, even men of high authority, have written hastily and incautiously. "Indeed, it would have been the greatest of all calamities if, at the recent Lambeth Conference, the Church had departed from this position. If she had done so, she would have sown afertile crop of repudiation and subterfuge and prevarication for future generations to reap. She has preferred to confine herself to those grave moral and social questions with which our generation is invited to deal; she has considered the relations of the different branches of the Church with a view to the restoration of harmony and peace; and she has suggested methods and lines of action which may with advantage be pursued. But she has added no new dogma on these or on other points.' The utterances of the Lambeth Conference are only authoritative in so far as the judgment of a grave deliberative body, summoned as representatives of our Church from all partsof the earth, speaking and acting under the sense of no common responsibility, and seeking to be guided in all things by the Holy Spirit, have a claim to authority. In this sense I do not suppose that authority will be denied them." He continued:—The English race has always been attached to liberty. For freedom of action and of thought she has been content in times past to shed her blood. The search for truth has been to her an engrossing passion; and this national feature, chastened indeed and consecrated, but not obliterated, is reflected in that branch of the Church which issues from the Anglo-Saxon stock. The Latin temperament is different; it delights in law, authority, and order, even though purchased at the risk of coercion. The prophecy in which her greatest poet assigns to Rome the instinct of government applies to the Latin branch of the Church to-day. Tu revere imperii) popvj.os, Roinane. memento. And the logical result is the doctrine of Papal Infallibility. This contrast between the temperament of the Anglican and the Roman Church results in a loss to the one of definiteness, to the other of elasticity. These thoughts arise naturally from the recent Papal Bull, Apostolicae curac, in which the validity of Anglican orders has been condemned. As you are, of course, aware, this pronouncement was not the result of any appeal on the part of the Anglican Church, acting through her Bishops or her houses of convocation, to the Church of Rome to adjudicate upon the validity of her orders. There was no reference, therefore, to Rome as arbiter, no claim conceded to the detriment of our own ecclesiastical independence. Nor, again, was there any real hope that the issue would have been otherwise than has proved to be the case. For the concession of the validity of our orders would have necessitated logically the abandonment of the elaborate Diocesan machinery introduced into England by Cardinal Wiseman in 1850, when the Roman Hierarchy was established with a metropolitan See at Westminster and twelve sutfragan Sees for England and Wales. That Act had finally decided the question against Anglican orders, and decided in a way too public for retreat. Still, in spite of the fact that the decision was a foregone conclusion, tbe Bull is interesting from many points of view. We rejoice to notice that we find no argument based on the Nag's Head fable, or on Bishop Barlow's supposed lack of episcopal orders. We hail with sympathy the noble passage towards the end, which in its scholarly Latin original, contrasting forcibly with the bald periods of the earlier sections, may well have come from the pen of His Holiness himself, a poet and a master of Latin style, where the appeal to a visible unity is affecting in its sincerity. Yet, taken as a whole, the Bull shows little of that research which it claims in its opening sentences. Over and above the case of John Gordon, the re-ordained Bishop of Galloway, it refers to six documents at most, all of which were printed already and accessible before the Papal Commission was appointed. Among these, one, an -obscure letter of Julius III. to Cardinal Pole, forms evidently one in a chain of correspondence between the Legate and the Pope, and alludes to the faculties granted previously by letters from His Holiness. Surely we might have expected that the correspondence would have been published as a whole, or at least the faculties specified, assuming that they still exist in the Vatican archives. I draw attention to these omissions in no critical spirit, but simply to show the insufficient data on which the Pope has based his final condemnation. And when, further, we consider that the weapon which has been chosen to sever the stem of our Church continuity, viz., the temporary omission from our ordinal of the words " for the office and work of a Priest" (or " Bishop") after Christ's own formula, "Receive the Holy Ghost," cuts off together with us the whole Eastern Church and goes perilously near to invalidating the Roman succession likewise, we must indeed admit that Infallibility has a serious future before it when it pronounces upon imperfect historical "-idence and boldly Etates its reasons. After all, Anglican lo\e of liberty, even though attended by some vagueness, may be preferable to Roman love of definiteness, purchased at such a price as this. I turn from this topic, which presents no charms to me, to consider the subjects which will engage our attention during our forthcoming session. We can, I think, point with satisfaction to the legislation inaugurated last year, as denoting a desire to widen the scope and efficiency of our synodal action. The alteration in the Fundamental Provisions to extend to women the power of voting for the election of Synodsmen, and consequently under the Model Trust-deed of voting at Vestries, was passed last session, and only awaits tbe confirmation of the special call of Synod required under the Fundamental Provisions. This will be our first act, and I trust the resolution will be decisively confirmed. Living as we do in a colony where female suffrage in politics is already in force, it appears to me to bs imperative that we should concede similar rights in our ecclesiastical polity, remembering the Apostle's declarations that in the spiritual kingdom "there is neither male nor female, but all are one in Christ Jesus." Again, the wish which I expressed last year for a wider field of representation in Synod appears likely to be realized to some extent by the applications before the Election Committee from districts remote from Adelaide. I trust that these petitions will be met by Synod in a liberal spirit. There need ba no apprehension lest Adelaide and its suburbs should cease to be the centre of gravity of influence in the Diocese. But we desire to extend to the remoter townships the feeling of interest which cooperation in our deliberations cannot fail to stimulate. Taxation should carry representation with it, at least to a far greater extent than has been hitherto the case. Another piece of legislation to which I look back with satisfaction is the addition of a Diocesan Committee to act with the local Patronage Committee in parishes which shall hereafter place themselves under the Model Trust Deed. Not strong enough numerically to exert a dominant influence, this Diooesan Committee will J>e able to secure due consideration for the claims of hard-working clergy who may be unknown to the local body. "Thi« altera- tion is, of coarse, not retrospective; but I venture to suggest to parishes already under the Model Trust Deed the desirability of amending their patronage clause so as to avail themselves of it. I take this opportunity of drawing special attention to that part of the report of the Standing Committee which relates to the regulation of the Church of England Endowment Society. This excellent Society, as you are well aware, meets sums locally raised for the endowment of any Church or district with grants of £30 for every £20 so subscribed, the total grants not to exceed £300. The allocation of these grants rests with the Standing Committee, which hitherto has used the "preferential selection" entrusted to it by the rules to classify the Churches eligible for grants from tho Society. In order to meet objections raised to this course, Standing Committee has decided to substitute a strict chronological order of Churches so eligible, which will in future be endowed according to the date of the payment of the local contribu' tions. Henceforward would-be donors to Churches may rest assured that, whether in a missionary stage or as a fully constituted parish, the district which they intend to benefit will receive the supplemental grants as soon as its turn comes, provided that that grant does not exceed in one year the sum of £60. The general characteristic of this legislation is that which ought, I feel, to actuate us as Churchmen and as Christians, namely, the development of our corporate unity and the extension of the Apostolic precept—" We that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak, and not to please ourselves." A fresh opportunity of applying this latter principle comes before us, not directly as legislators, but indirectlyas Church people, in the matter of the provisions for aged clergy who have spent their strength for Christ's Church in this Diocese. The Clergy Annuity Fund is not an insurance Bociety pure and simple, neither again is it a benevolent institution pure and simple. It is a combination of both principles. Its income is derived on the one hand from the payments of prospective annuitants, on the other from private contributions and from the annual collections in Churches enjoined by direction of the Synod, Hence it occupies a somewhat anomalous position, and its present rules are not without a certain ambiguity. In adjusting the amount of annuities paiid, one principle, that of the number of years' payments, has to bs balanced with another, that of the number of years' diocesan service. I do not, however, wish to call attention to this point now. What I desire to emphasize is the present pressure upon the funds of the Society and the need for immediate and generous assistance from the Iaitv. Two years ago the number of annuitants was two, now it is five ; and as the available income has not materially increased a serious reduction in the annuities paid is the inevitable consequence. Th's reduction of nearly fifty per cent, is, it is true, only temporary; but it is sorious in'deed to those concerned; and when we consider that they have given their life's work to the cause of Christ's Church, we recognise another application of the duty that "we thatare strong should bear the infirmities of the weak, and not to please ourselves." Four Determinations passed by the General Synod come up for consideration, accompanied by a valuable report from the representatives of this Diocese. On the first of these determinations, entitled "Amended Rules forthe Confirmation and Consecration of Bishops,"a word of explanation is necessary, because I notice that the Diocesan Synod of Tasmania has postponed its consideration, owing to uncertainty as to the meaning of its language in one important respect. In lines 11 and following to the words occur—" If the Metropolitan or Primate, and the Bishops, or a majority of them, be satisfied with the fitness of the person so elected the election . . . shall be confirmed. Now, the Tasinanian Synod could not decide whether or no the power of absolute veto was by this sentence reserved to the Metropolitan (or Primate), in other words whether the phrase " or a majority of them" qualified the whole sentence or only tbe words " the Bishops." As this is an important point I draw your attention to tbe official report of the proceedings (page 53), where you will notice that an amendment was moved by Canon Potter that the words " acting together, the Metropolitan or Primate, as the case may be, having a vote and a casting vote," be inserted after the word "Bishops." The intention of this proposal was to make it clear that the Metropolitan (or Primate) had no absolute veto, but only a casting vote. This amendment was carried in the House of Representatives, but thrown ont in the House of Bishops. Accordingly by the constitution of the General Synod it was lost. The inference, therefore, is that the intention of the determination as passed is that the Metropolitan (or Primate) should have an absolute veto on the election of a Bishop. The three other determinations need no comment. They are useful, and 1 do not anticipate that they will arouse controversy. The importance of the General Synod of last year does not lie in the Determinations carried. As time goes on, and the constitution become; more established, because its value ha3 been fully tested, we may look forward to leas and less legislation, but more direct results. Less time will be devoted to the machinery, and more to the work which that machinery exists to produce. But those days are yet to come, and the next General Synod will be a meeting of special interest, for the reports of strong committees on the question of the Primacy and of the legislative powers of the General Synod will be fully debated. One noticeable feature in the recent Synod was the increased enthusiasm displayed for Foreign Missions, the outcome of which' was the practically uuanimous vote to establish at once a Bishopric of New Guinea. Mainly through the efforts of the Bishops of Tasmania and Goulburn, the guarantee for tbe Bishop's stipend has been already raised, and I am glad to notice that our own Diocese has borne its full share in this burden. Exception has, indeed, been taken to a guarantee for five yeais only; but the mau who would hesitate to accept the Bishopric on this account would be lacking in some of the elements which we look for in a leader. But I desire to see a more thoroughly organized system than exists m this Diocese for interesting Church people, and children especially, in the mission field generally. We cannot expect to have every year the advantage of a visit from the Organizing Secretary of the Board of Missions. May Mr. Bice's stirring acoount of the claims of Melanesia and New Guinea result in added interest and more extended activity. Two of my Chaplains have undertaken to act as Clerical Secretaries of these two specittl departments of mission work—Rev. J?. W. Wise for Melanesia, Rev. L. P. Crawfurd for New Gunea. The Bishop of Tasmania's recent book, "The Light of Melanesia," Bhould be in the hands of every one who desires to learn what Christianity is practically accomplishing in the islands of the Southern Seas. It will do more than instruct us, for it will stimulate our faith in the living presence and power of Christ through tbe Holy Spirit in the Church. And indeed we need encouragements to confront the religious apathy which seems to have settled like a blight upon this continent. Last year we had evidence of this in the result of the referendum on religious education. This year over a wider area the Federal Convention tells the same tale. When shall we have the courage, not merely as individuals but as a nation, to confess the faith of Christ crucified, and to recognise that the God to whom we owe our personal life is the God who presides over our national welfare also? How often shall that well-known text be misapplied to claim Christ's fancied sanction of an imaginary distinction between the things of Cssar and the things of God, as though God bad abandoned His sovereignty over education or over politics? When shall we learn that there is nothing secular which is not sinful? Christ did not draw a line between tbe things of Caesar and the things of God, No; He pointed from the narrower sovereignty of the one to the universal claims of the other. "Ye do right," He said ; "to pay into Caesar's treasury what has issued from Caesar's mint. So far, so good. But what are you yourselves save human coins, stamped with the image and superscription of God? Render, then, yourselves to the God from whom you came forth." Brethren, the immensity of tbe work to be accomplished would paralyse us were it not that we believe implicitly in the eternal indwelling of the Holy Spirit in the Church. We believe in our credentials, in our ministry, our sacraments, and our mission. But as long as we allow local interests to interfere with the expansion of the Church, or as long as our idea of that Church is confined to a few "Church families" who happen to contribute effectively to our organization, so long shall we fail to carry out tbe purpose of our existence. There is still much land waiting to be possessed. The phenomenal growth of Adelaide and its suburbs within the last few years calls for a corresponding development in our machinery. I rejoice to realize that, taken as a whole, the existing Churches were never better filled, the town parishes never better manned; but in the material fabric and in the spiritual agents alike we require new extension. Two sites for Churches have been already acquired—one by purchase at Hawthorn, another by gift at Keswick. I trust that buildings will arise speedily. Let them be worthy of a Church of high ideals and large hopes. In Church building the country, in spite of distress and penury, has set a noble example to the city. Minlaton Church cleared of debt and dedicated; a chancel built at Salisbury and the Church dedicated; a new Church built at Hamilton and consecrated— the gift of Mr. Henry Dutton ; another new Church licensed at Appila-Yarrowie; another again at Port MacDonnell; a Church commanced at Goyder. This is indeed a satisfactory record in this year of South Australia's greatest drought. Port Adelaide has built the Trafford-Smith Memorial Church. Let Adelaide now show what it can do. We may look for some help from the Marriott Bequest; but not for much. The main part of our efforts muet be our own. Let us only. realize that the strengthening of a part is the strengthening of the whole, and make this Church extension scheme comprehensive and widely supported. I am glad to notioe that this Synod will be asked to reappoint the committee constituted some years back on the spiritual condition of Adelaide and the suburbs. Even more than new Churches new agents are wanted, if we are to make ourselves felt at all as a spiritual force within this colony. Yes, there is much leeway to be made up; but the ship, I think, is going a little faster now. I observe a reassuring increase in ths nnmber of Sunday scholars, while in our day schools, St. Paul's, Adelaide, sehool for girls, and thB Pulteney- street school for boye, have reached their maximum. The Kilburn Sisters are doing noble work, and their High School in North Adelaide has leapt to forty- five, and new premises are required at once. St. Peter's Collegiate School needs morp masters and fresh class-rooms to meet the press of numbers. All this is as it ehonld be, for if we are to gain a hold anywhere, let us seek to gain it on the young. Again, the two great societies for women—the Girls' Friendly Society and the Mothers' Union—can register satisfactory progress. Slowly we gather strength; tbe workers sink in the conflict, but the work goes forward. In conclusion, the Bishop alluded to the death of Canon Coombs, and of the Rev. C. W. Hawkins, and the retirement of the Revs. W. H. Mudie and W. A. Campbell, the increase of locally ordained clergy, and his approaching visit to England for the Lambeth Conference. 