TfflFLIflG THOUGHTS .ON ' TRIFLES. (By ' Boondx.') Heine tolls the story of an Englishman, a Frenchman, and a Qerman, who were in competition for a prize fco paint fche picture of a camel. The Englishman went to the East and studied all the different breeds of camels he could find, mastered every peculiarity of the animal in detail, sketched the scenery faithfully, cut leaves from the trees, and 'made his work' re markably well indeed, The Frenchman merely trotted off to the Zoo, drew the first camel he saw, threw in the Pyramids and a few vagabond Arabs and palm trees; and, v'lal the whole thing was done sfcraightaway and the prize secured. But the German, retiring to his study, buried himself in thought in order to evolve fche transcendental idea of a camel from the depths of his inner consciousness — and was never seen again. 9 a a The point of that story shows that ifc is nofc good to be painfully particular over trifles. At times it is even dangerous, as we find in the account of the High School girl who, when the college was on fire and the roof almost ready to fall in, said to a fireman who had rushed to tho rescue: ' Wait one moment. I want to find my volume of Spencer's ' Stndy of Ibsen's Ideal.'' 'One moment!' shouted fche fire-fighter; 'why you haven'c half that much time — ' ' Pardon me,' chipped in the culchawed collegianess. ' ' That much' is a vulgar colloquialism, for which there can be no sound authority whatever. The word 'that' is never an adverb. You should say ' much,' or ' thus much,' or ' as much as that/ or—' ' Oh, come off !' roared the fireman, as he slung the particular party over his shoulder and darted downstairs. ' Come ofE, or there'll not be ' as much as that ' left; of you to hold an inquest on.' 9 * ? A third fcale with a similar tone tell3 of breakfast in fche house of Blobbs. Mrs. Blobbs had the morning paper, and after running over the ' Hatched, Matched, and Despatched ' column, she turned fco an inside sheet, aud soon exclaimed ' Isn't it awful !' 'Isn't who, which, what awful?' severely demanded Mr. Blobbs. ' Why don't you be more explicit 111 your talk ?' ' Why don't you wipe thafc egg spot off the top of your ugly nose ?' retorted Mrs. Blobbs. ' If you were not so eager to snap my head off I was about to remark thac Ollendorf's boy was run over by a tram and received infernal injuries.' 'Internal injuries, you mean,' growled the alleged head of the family. ' No, I don't,' said Mrs. B., sharply. ' I mean infernal. I know what I'm talking aboufc. I didn't loseaJZ my sense when I married you.' * » * A five minutes' wordy warfare ensued, and then old Blobbs banged his big dic tionary on the table, ran his finger along the ' itif ' column, and fchon triumphantly exclaimed: 'There you are! 'Infernal' means relating to the lower regions.' ' Of course it does,' replied Mrs. Blobbs, ' and that's exactly where Ollendorff's boy was injured.' 'Gimme nie liafc!' roared Biobbs, 'and I'll 'go out to fche boundless bush and Iiv6 With the cockatoos. Yoit women would Sour the soul of a wooden saint I' «r * « Furthermore, there' is a classical story to the effect that Plniy the Elder was once reading to his nephew, Pliny the Younger, when the latter, who wished to show off his University training, stopped the old man, and said : ' Purdon me, but shouldn't that word be procouncod *kee-toe '?' ' Per haps it should, and perhaps it shouldn't,' said fcl'fi reader, sharply, ' but you under Stood what I meant, did you not?'' 'Oh, perfectly,' replied the smart young niah from college. 'Very well,' returned the o-fclifir'. 'in thafc case bv sfcotitiina' me foil Simply wasted valuable time for the sake of airing a little doubtful learning. Don't; do it ag'ain. Trifles aro pleasing td- trifling minds only.' » # » All fche same, however, we should show a certain amount, of rerspect for trifles, for this world is made Up of trifles, after all. Besides, what is a trifle in one place may be the cause of seriotis trouble in another. A flpa irt the eSiftre.of the Old Man Plain wriiild b& an extremely insignificant thing indeed. licit put the same little beast down the back of a young lady who is endeftvorirfg' to look soulfully sentimental as she listens to the firsb loVe- proposal made to lier, and Nero's ' raOlc ' at Her Majesty's could not inflict greater torture. She was a prudent maid who, when her best boy carne to do his Sunday nrght Bpooning, bundled lier youngest brother Out of the room, and observed, as she warmed hia ears: 'In this world it's the little things thatt- ell ! ' # 5- 3 Quotation's may bo set down as trifiirig things — literary ({notations, not the Stock Exchange quotations, of course. Some men and rte»rly all women ate extremely fond of using quotations, and ifc is wonder ful what a fearful hash many public speakers, politicians, Pressmen and the like make of lines of even the greatest and best knoWn authors. This is somewhat strAnge; too, for so great is the intellectual depravifcy of human nature thafc when arty person of importance happens to blunder into a misquotation the incorrect version generally mafiag'eS to drive the correct' one o'ufc of the fiold entirely. # * # Since the Greco-Turkish trouble started wei have bs'en persistently reminded that ' When Greek meets Grteek then comes the tug of war.' Probably this is tho champ' oil fKisqtltftation ifi fclie English language. The line, as ifc stands aii Lees' ' Alexander the Great,.' f uns thtrS : ' Wheb Greeks join'd Greeks eh en i6as the' fctig eff waiv' — which is 'up artOth'ei? Street' entirely. And of late there has been no ' tug of war,' even when ' GreekB join'd Greeks.' The wild desire then was to get away from the tug of war in the quickest time on record, o o © ?Another popular misquotation is the couplet, ' Convince a man against; his will, he's of the same opinion still.' If he were 'of the same opinion still' how, in thunder, could he be ' convinced ? ' — unless he happened to be a married man who wished fco dodge a Caudle lecture. The real lines, as found iu Butler's ' Hudibras,' are. — He that complies against his will Is of his own opinion still. 6 O O i A poetical thought is something like a tame pigeon as far as tbe question of | possession goes, for the last; holder of it is , generally credited with being the lawful owner. Campbell has the line, 'Like angels' visits, few and far between.' I am afraid Mr. Campbell was out when the angels called, or perhaps he thought they were income tax collectors in disguise, and so he skipped over the back fence when he heard thein banging afc the front door. Anyway, Campbell's line is tautological, for if visits are 'far between' they must necessarily be ' few.' In the seventeenth century one John Norris compared the 'Joys most exquisite and strong' (pro bably he had jusfc been married, or made a C.M.G.), which 'soon took their flight' to 'angels' visits short and bright,' which is afar more poetical and correct statement of the case. Later on Robert Blair helped himself to Norris' notion, which he spoilt by altering 'bright' fco 'far between,' and then Cowper came along and com pleted the muddle. « o « En, passant, I may add that Shakespeare wrote, 'To make a virtue of necessity,' but Chaucer gofc ahead of the ' divine William's' with his 'Knight's Tale' line, 'To raaken virtue of necessitie.' And Quinfcillian distanced them both by cen turies, for he said : ' Let us make of death a cure, a virtue of necessity.' And in all probability the old Roman had the loan of an old Greek author who by some means got the idea from the hoary old Hindoo, Rig Yeda, and the Rig Veda editor caught fche sentiment from a son of the man who held the proud position of ' oldest inhabi tant ' when Noah was running aboufc as a boy through the streets of Adamstown in all the pomp and circumstance of a neglected nose and a soiled 'pinny.' Truly there is nothing new under the sun — nor above ifc either, for all I know to the contrarv. 5- 0 # Persons who misplace the word ' fields ' for 'woods 'in Milton's 'Lycidas' line, ' To- morrow to fresh -woods and pastures new,' may be forgiven, and we may also excti8o those who substitute ' hesitates ' for ?' deliberates ' in the Hudibras asser tion, 'Tbe (vornan that deliberates is lost.' But we are all supposed to know onr Bible, and yefc how often do we hear even clergy men say that man was sentenced to live by 'the sweat of his brow.' The real words are, ' In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread,' whieh is a far sfcraighfcer way of putting the case than that used by the polite preacher wiio, fearing to shock his cultured congregation, said, 'In the perspiration of thy countenance shall thou toil 1' # 9 w Furthermore, Job did nofc say, 'Oh that; mino enemy would write a book.' Hi3 words were, ' Behold, my desire is that the Almighty would answer me, and thafc niiue adversary had ivrilten -1 book.' Haba cuc did not write, ' He that; runs may read' — 'that line occurs in Cowper's. The prophet's words are, 'Write the vision, and make ifc plain upon tables, thafc lie fchnfc readefch it may run over ifc.' Ib was Sfc/ Mark who said ' The Sabbath was iriade for man, and nofc man for the Sabbath ' — a fact that some Beem to have-'lost sight of in these days entirely. And there is nothing in tho Scriptures winch proclaims that ' Money is the root of all evil.' It was the love of money thafc Sfc. Paul condemned. ' Providence tempers the wind to the shorn lamb,' is often credited to tho Bible, but it was written by Lawrence Sterne, and he was not exactly the class of man one would class with Poter, Paul, or Timothy, « » 9 Whoever wrote the Shakespearean plays has often much reason to feel annoyed on the score of being ' miareported.' Only lust week Sydney's senior morning paper referred to ' tho thousand natural ills that flesh is heir to/' Turn up your Hamlet and you will find fcho word is shocks, nofc ills. Then again, many persons who should know better cite as iram ' The Mercha,nfr of Venice ' fche words ' The man fciiafc hafch no music in his soul.' The proper reading is 'fchafc hath no music in himself.' And wa often read of ' that bonrri whence no traveller returns.' Perhaps the traveller never gets fchere afc all. The true text; is '? fchafc undiscovered country from whose bourn no traveller returns.' Apropos to which Job, thousands of years before Shakespeare was ever heard of, said : ' Before I go, and return no more, to a land thafc is dark and covered wifch fchd mists of death;' and in ono of the oldest Egyptian inscriptions extant the ghost of a certain Heabani speaks of ' thafc road, the course of which never returns.' # * # Thafc j however, is bufc a trifle. Great thoughts afe oommon to all great times, but there are so many parallel passages in the Bible and Shakespeare fchafc I some times think the author of the latter wrote fhd Bible or the Bible compiler wrote the plays. Amongst scores of other instances We have Othello's Rude am I in speech and Sfc. Paul's ' Though I bo rudo in speech;' Macbeth's 'Show his eyes and griev'e thine heart,' and Samuel's 'To con sufne thine eyes aud grieve fchinS heart; Macbeth's 'Life's but a walking shadow,' and the line in Psalm XXXVIII., ' Man ( wallceth in a vaiti shadow;' Macbeth's : ' We'll die wifch harness on our baclca,' and Machabee's ' Nicauor lay dead ih hia har ness ; ' King Richard's III.'b ' W°e fc° thafc land that's governed by a. child,' and Ecoie siastious, Woe to thee, oh land, when thy king is a child ; ' and so on until the end of all fche chapter. Trifles ? Perhaps. But then life ifcself is bafc a trifle, after all. 