ST. PETER'S COLLEGE. JUBILEE CELEBRATION. THE NEW BUILDINGS. Monday saw the celebration of the fiftieth anniversary of St. Peter's College. Strictly speaking the college was not opened till the end of 1849, but it was 50 years ago that a Church of England collegiate school was founded, of which the existing institution is the outcome In honor of the occasion a large gathering of scholars, past and present, parents, friends, and relations— and indeed, all interested in the school and its work assembled on Monday afternoon to witness the laying of the corner-stone of a new block of buildings, rendered necessary owing to the great increase in the number of boys during the past few years. The additions consist of a large new classroom on the ground floor, above which will be a dormitory for about 15 boys. Above that again will be a suite of apartments for three masters. These buildings are to be added to the left end of the great school, bringing it level with the school' house, to which it will be joined, and thus completing the quadrangle. The new build ings will, of course, be designed to match the rest of the edifice, and the cost is estimated at about £1,000. At about half-past 4 o'clock a large party of clergy, headed by Dean Marryat, the governors of the college, and other gentlemen made their appearance on a platform erected by the stone, above which bunting floated. The ceremony, which was an impressive one, was opened by the Dean, thus :— Dearly beloved, forasmuch as the Lord hath been pleased to put into the hearts of the faithful people the desire to establish collegiate schools for the pro* motion of sound learning and godly discipline, based on the fear of the Lord, which is the beginning of wisdom, and forasmuch as in this the Diamond Jubilee of our Host Gracious Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria and the jubilee year of this our diocese of Adelaide, and also of the Collegiate School of S. l'eter, the number of our scholars requires us to lengthen our cords and to strengthen our stakes,' we have assembled here this day, we trust, in God's strength, to carry this good work into effect. Let us therefore devoutly beg his blessing on our under taking. After prayer had been said the college choir sang the psalm — Except the Lord build the house : Their labor is but lost, that build it. Except the Lord keep the city : The watchman waketh but in vain. The stone was then laid by the Dean, who said — In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this founda tion-stone in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. Amen. The Dean then gave an interesting account of the history of the college from the time the college was formed in 1847 up till the present day, when they were celebrating their jubilee. He referred to the leading positions which scholars from tho college had taken in the affairs of the colony as states men, judges, members of Parliament, dis tinguished scholars, and in the learned professions— law, medicine, and divinity. He made grateful mention of the many muni ficent founders and benefactors of the college, and pointed cut that their watchword was, as it was written on the foundation-stone of the buildings, ' To the glory of the Triune God aud the advancement of religious and useful learning.' Thiswasechoedintlieirmotto, which was 'Pro Deo et Patrio.' Their buildings had been continuously increasing since 1S49, and they thought that the best mode of celebrating the jubilee was to add a large classroom, which was really very much required for the accommo dation of the boys, a dormitory for the boarders, and rooms for three masters. This increase had been rendered necessary by the success of the school under the present head master (the Rev. H. Girdlestone) and staff. In concluding the dean made an earnest appeal to those present to assist in obtaining a memorial window to their late Bishop Short, who had rendered such wonderful service to the institution in its younger days, and who had the strongest claim on them for recogni tion. Mr. G. W. Hawkes moved a formal vote of thanks to the Dean, who, he said, was one of the oldest friends who had been with him working in the interests of the school in its early days. He was always one of its most helpful aud most industrious workers. They were also pleased to recognise him as a re presentative of the family of their beloved Bishop Short. Mr. A. Buchanan, chairman of the St. Peter's Old Collegians' Association, seconded the motion, which was supported by Mr. J. G. R. Murray, also representing the old scholars. A collection was taken in aid of the funds for the Bishop Short memorial window, and the ceremony closed with the hymn 'Onward, - Christian soldiers' and the benediction. 