THE LAGOON. . The .white man, leaning with both arms over the roof of the little house in the stern of the boat, said to the steers man : "we will pass the night .in 'Arsat's clearing. It is late." The Malay only grunted, ami went on looking fixedly at the river. The white man rested his. chin on his crossed arms nnd gazed at the wake of the boat. At the end of the straight avenue of fo rests cut by the intense glitter of the river, the sun appeared unclouded nnd dazzling, poised low over the water that shone smoothly like a band of metal. The forests, sombre and dull, stood mo tionless and silent on each side of the broad stream. At the foot of big, tower ing trees, trunklcs nlpa palms rose from tlie mud of the bank, in bunches of leaves enormous nnd heavy, that hung unstirringr over the brown swirl of ed dies. In the stillness of the air every tree, every leaf, every bough, every ten dril of creeper and every petal of minute blossoms seemed to have been bewitch ed into an immobility perfect and final. Nothing moved on the river but the eight paddles that rose flashing regu larly, dipped together with a single splosh; while the steersman swept right and left with a periodic and sudden flourish of his blade describing a glint ing semicircle above bis head. The churned-up water frothed alongside with a confused mumur. And the white man's canoe, advancing up stream In the short-Hvud disturbance of Its own making, seemed to enter the portals of a land from which the very memory of motion had for ever de parted. The white man, turning lii9 back upon the sotting sun. looked along the empty and broad expanse of the sen-reacli. For the Inst three miles of its course the wandering, hesitating river, as If open horizon, flows straight into the sea, flows straight to the east— to the cast that harbors both light and dark ness. Astern of the boat the repeated call of some bird, a cry discordant nnd feeble, skipped along over the smooth water nnd lost Itself, before It could reach the other shore, In the breathless silence of the world. The steersman dug bis paddle into the stream, nnd bold hard with stiffened arms, his body thrown forward. The waiter gurgled aloud; nnd suddenly the long, straight reach seemed to pivot on Its centre, the forests swung In a semi circle, nnd the slanting beams of sun set touched the broadside of the canoe with a fiery glow, throwing the slender and distorted shadows of its crew upon the streuked glitter of the river. The white man turned to look ahead. The courso of the boat had been altered at right angles to the stream, and the curved dragon-head of its prow was pointing now at a gap in the fringing bushes of the batik. It glided through, brushing the overhanging twigs, and disappeared from the river like some slim and amphibious creature leaving the water for its lair in the forests. The narrow, creek was like a ditch : tortuous, fabulously deep; filled with gloom under the thin strip of pure and shining blue of the heaven. Immense trees soared up, Invisible behind the festooned draperies of creepers. Hero and there, near the glistening black ness of the water, a twisted root of some. tall tree .showed amongst the trucery of small ferns, black and dull, writhing nnd motionless, like an ar rested snukc. Tito short words of the poddlers reverberated loudly between the thick and sombre walls of vegeta tion. Darkness oozed out from between the trees, through the tangled maze of the creepers, from behind the great fantastic and unstirrlng leaves ; the darkness, mystcrloun and invincible ; the darkness scented nnd poisonous of impenetrable forests. The men poled In the shoaling water. The creek broadened, opening out into ( i wide sweep of n stagnant lagoon. The forests receded from the marshy bank, leaving a level strip of bright-green, reedy grass to frame the reflected bhie- ness of the sky. A Ilcecy pink cloud drifted high above, trailing the delicate coloring of Ha image under the HoaUng leaves and the silvery blossoms of the lotus. A little house, perched on high plies, appeared black In the distance. Ncur It, two tail nibong palms, that seemed to have come out of the forests in the background, leaned slightly over the ragged roof, with a suggestion of sud tcndcrncsn and care In the droop of their leafy and soaring heads. The steersman, pointing with Ids saddle, said, "Arsut is there. 1 sec his canoe fast between the |>lles." The polers ran along the sides of the boat glancing over their shoulders at the end of the day's Journey. They would have preferred to spend the night somewhere else than on lids lagoon of weird aspect and ghostly reputation. Moreover, lliey disliked Arsnt, first as a stranger, nnd otco because he who repairs a ruined house, and dwells In It. proclaims Hint lie Is not afraid to live amongst the spirits that haunt the places abandoned by mankind. Such a man can disturb the course of fate by glances or words; while his familiar ghosts are not easy to propitiate by casual wayfarers upon whom they long to wrctdt the malice of their human master. While men care not for such tlilngn, being unbelievers and in league with tlie Father of Evil, who loads them unharmed through the Invisible dangers of this world. To the warnings of the righteous they oppose an offensive pre tence of disbelief. "What is there to be done? So they thought, throwing their weight on the end of their long poles. The hlg ennnc glided on swiftly, noise lessly and smoothly, towards Arsat's cienrlng, till, in a great rattling of poles thrown down, and the loud murmurs of "Allah be praised!" It came with a gentle knock agnlnst the crooked piles below the. house. The boatmen with uplifted faces shouted discordantly, "Arsat! O Arsat!" Nobody came. The white man began to climb tbo rude ladder giving access to the hntnbno plntform before the house. The juragan of the boat said sulkily, "We will cook In Die sampan, and sleep on the water." "Pass my blankets and the basket," said the white, man, curtly. ..He knelt op the edge of the platform to receive tlie bundle. Then the boat shoved off, and the white man, standing tip, confronted Arsnt, who hnd como out through the low door of his hut. He was a man young, powerful, with a brond chest and muscular arms. He hnd nothing on but his sarong. His head was bare. Ills big, soft eyes stared eagerly at tlie whlto man, but his voice and demeanor were composed as he asked, without any words of greeting— . "Have you mcdlclno, Tuan?" "No," said the visitor in a startled tone. "No. Why? Is there sickness in the house?" "Enter and see." replied Arsat, in the same calm manner, and turning short round, pased again through tho small doorway. Tho white man, dropping his bundles, followed. In tho dim light of the dwelling he made out on a couch of bamboos a woman stretched on her back under a broad sheet of red cotton cloth. She lay still, as 'If dead; but her big eyes, wide open, glittered in the gloom, star ing upwards at . the slender rafters, motionless and unseeing. She was In a high fever, and evidently uncon scious. Her cheeks were sunk slightly, her lips were purtly open, and on the young face there was the ominous and fixed expressluu — the absorbed, con templating expression of the uncon scious who are going to die. ' The two men stood looking down at her In silence. '.'Has she been long ill?" asked the traveller. "I have not slept for five nights," answered the Malay, in a deliberate tone. "At first she heard voices calling her from the water and struggled against me who held her. But since the sun of to-day rose she hears nothing —she hears not me. Hhc sees nothing. She sees not me— mc!" lie remained silent for a minute, then asked, softly— "Tuan, will she die?" "I fear no," said the white man, sor rowfully. lie had known Arsat years ago, in a far country in times of trouble and danger, when no friendship is to be despised. And since his Malay friend hud come unexpectedly to dwell In the hut on the lagoon with a strange woman, he had slept many times there In his Journeys up or down the river. He liked the man who knew how to keep faith in council and how to fight without fear by the side of his white friend. He liked him— not so much perhapH as a man likes his favorite dog —but still he liked him well enough to help and ask no questions, to think sometimes vaguely and hazily In the midst of his own pursuits, about the lonely man and the long-haired woman with- audacious face and triumphant eyes, who lived together hidden by the forests— alone and feared. The white man came out of the hut in time to see tho enormous conflagration of sunset put out by tlie- swift and stealthy shadows that, rising like a black nnd Impalpable vapor above the tree-tops, spread over the heaven, ex- clouds and the red brilliance of depart ing daylight. In a few moments ull the stars came out above the intense blackness of the earth, nnd the great higoun gleaming suddenly with re flected lights resembled un oval patch of night-sky flung down into the hope less and abysmal night of the wilder ness. Tho white man had some supper out of the basket, then collecting a few sticks that lny nbout the platform, made up a small Are, not for warmth, but for the sake of the smoke, which would keep off the mosquitoes. He wrapped himself In his blankets and sat with his back against the reed wall of the house, smoking thoughtfully. Arsat came through the doorway with noiseless steps and squatted down by the tire. The white man moved his out-stretched legs a little. "She breathes," said Arsat, in a low voice, anticipating the expected ques tion. "She breathes and burns as If with a groat tire. She speaks not; she hears not— nnd burns!" He paused for a moment, then asked In a quiet, incurious tone — "Tuan . . . will she die?" The white man moved his shoulders uneasily, and muttered in a hesitating "If such is her fate." "No. Tuan," said Arsat calmty. "If such is my fate. I hear, 1 see, I wait. 1 remember . . . Tuan, do you remember the old days? Do you remember my brother?"- "Yes," said the White man. The Ma lay rose suddenly and wont in. The other, sitting still outside, could hear the voice In the hut. Arsat said: "Hear mo! Speak!" His words were succeeded by a complete silence. "O! Dlamclen!" he cried suddenly. After that cry there was a deep sigh. Arsat came out and sank down ngaln in his old place. Thev sat In silence before the 'tire. There was no sound within tho house, there wns no sound near them; but far away, on the lagoon they could hear the voices of the boatmen ringing fitful and distinct on the calm water. The lire In the bows of the sampan shone faint ly In'thc distance with a hazy red glow. Then It died out. The voices censed. The laud and tho water slept Invisible, unstirrlng and mute. It wns us though f),nv<> hint mithlni? Ii'fl 111 the world but the glitter of stars streaming, ceaseless nnd vain, through the black stillness of the night, t The white' man gazed straight before him into tlie darkness with wide-open eyes. Tlie fear and fascination, the inspiration nnd the wonder of death — of death near, unavoidable and unseen, soothed the unrest of his race and stirred tlie most Indistinct, the most Intimate of his thoughts. The ever-ready suspi cion of evil, the gnawing suspicion tlm). lurks in our hearts, flowed out Into the stillness round hlin — into the stlilncsH profound and dumb, and made it nppcur untrustworthy and infnmous, like the placid and impenetrable musk of an un justifiable violence. In that fleeting and powerful disturbance of his being the earth enfolded in the starlight pence became a shadowy country of Inhuman strife, a batlle-IIchl of phantoms terri ble mid charming, august or Ignoble, struggling ardently for tlie possession of our helpless hearts. An unquiet and mysterious country of inextinguishable desires and fears. A plaintive murmur rose In the night; a murmur snddeniug and startling, n» if the great solitudes of surrounding woods and tried to whisper into his ear tlie wisdom of their Immense nnd lofty ihdlfTcrencc, Sounds hesitating nnd vngue floated in tlie air round hhn, .shaped themselves slowly into words; and at last flowed on gently in a mur muring stream of soft and monotonous sentences. He stirred like a man wak ing up' and changed his position slight ly. Arsat, motionless and shadowy, sit ting with bowed hend under the stars, was speaking in a low and dreamy tone. " . . . . for where can we lay down the heaviness of our trouble but In a friend's heart? A man must speak of war and of love. You, Tuan, know what war is, nnd you have seen me in time of danger seek death as other men seek life! A writing mny be lost; a He may be writ ten; but what the eye has seen is truth and remains In tho mind!" "I remember," said the whlto man, quietly. Arsat went on with mournful composure. " Therefore I shall speak to you of love.- Speak In the night. Speak be fore both night anil love arc gone— and the eye of day looks upon my sorrow and my shame; upon my blackened face; upon my .burnt-up heart." A sigh, short and faint, marked an almost -imperceptible pause, and then his words flowed on, wilhaut a stir, without a gesture. "After the time of trouble and war wns tiver and you went away from my country In the pursuit of your desires, which we, men of tho islands, cannot understand, I and .my brother became again, as we had been before, the sword bearers of the Ruler. You know we were men of family, belonging to a rul ing race, and more fit than any -to carry on our right shoulder the emblem of power. And In the time of prosperity SI Dendring showed uh favor, as we, in time of sorrow, had' showed -to him the faithfulness of our courage. It was a time of peace. A time of deer hunts and cock fights; of Idle talks and foolish squabbles between men 'Whose bellies arc full and weapons are rusty. Rut the sower watched the young rlcc-shools grow up without fear, and the traders came nnd went, departed lean and re turned fat Into tlie river of peace. They brought hows ton. Drought lies and truth mixed together, so that no man know when to rejoice und when to be sorry. "We heard from them about you also. They had seen you here and hud seen you there. And 1 was glad to hear, for 1 remembered the stirring times, and I always remembered you, Tuan, till the time came when my eyes could see nothing in the. punt, because they had looked upon the one who is dying there— in the house." He stopped to exclaim, in an Intense whisper, "O Mara buhla! O Calamity!" then went on speuklng a little louder. "There's no worse enemy und no bet ter friend than a brother, Tuan, for one brother knows another, and in perfect knowledge is strength for good or evil. I loved my brother. I went to him and told him that I could see nothing but onu face, hear nothing hut one voice. He told me: 'Open your heart so that she can see What Is In it — and wait. Patience is wisdom. Inchi Midah may die or our Kuicr may throw off his fear of a woman!' ... 1 waited! . . . You remember the lady with the veiled face, Tuan, and the fear of our Ruler before her cunning and temper. And It she wanted her servant, what could I do? Rut I fed the hunger of my. heart on short glances and stealthy) words. I loitered on the path to the' bath-houses In the daytime, and when, the sun had fallen behind the forest I crept along the Jasmine hedgcB of the women's courtyard. Unseeing, wo. spoke to one another through the scent' of llnwers, through the veil of leaves, through tlie blades of long grass that' stood still before our Hps: so great was, our prudence, so faint was the murmur' of our great longing. The time passed swiftly ... and there were whlr.r.ers' amongst women— und our em...,ies watched— my brother was gloomy, and I. began to think of killing and of a fierce death.. . . . Wo ure of a, people, who take whut they want — like you whites. There is a time when a man should forget loyalty and respect. Might and authority are given to rulers, and courage. My brother said, 'You shall take her from their midst. We are two who are like one.' And I an-' swered, 'Let It be soon, for I find no warmth in sunlight that does not shine upon her.' Our lime came when the Ituler and alt the great people went to the mouth of the river to llsli by torch light. There were hundreds of boats, and on the white sand, between the water and the forests, dwellings of leaves were built for the households of the Rajahs, The smoke of cooking-fires was like a blue mist of the evening, and inuny voices rang In It Joyfully. While they were making the boats ready to beat up the fish, my brother came to me find said, 'To-night!' I made ready my weapons, and when the time came our canoe took its place In the circle of bouts carrying the torches. The lights blazed on the water, hut behind the boats there wns darkness. When the shouting began and the excitement made them like mad we dropped out. The water swallowed our lire, nnd we floated hack to the shore that was dark with only hero and there the glimmer of embers. We could hear the talk of slave-girls amongst the sheds. Then we found a place deserted and silent. We. waited there. She came. She came . running along the shore, rapid and leav ing no trace, like a leaf driven by the wind Into 'the sea. My brother said, gloomily, 'Go und take her; carry her Into our boat.' I lifted her In my arms. She panted. Her heart was beating against my breast. I suld, 'I take you from those people/ You came to the cry of my heart, but my arms take you hvto' my boat agnlmit the will of the great!' 'It Is right,' said my brother. ' We are men who tnko what we want and can hold It against many. We should have taken her In daylight.' I said, 'Let us be off;' for since she wns In my boat I began to think of our Ruler's tnutty men. 'Yes. Let us be off,' .said my brother. 'We are cast out, and this boat is our country now— and the sea our refuge.' He lingered with his foot oti the shore, and I en treated him to hasten, for 1 remembered the'strokes of her heart against my breast and thought that two 'men can not withstand a hundred. We left, pud dling downstream close to the hank; anu as we passed by the creeic where they were fishing, tho great shouting had ceased, but the murmur of voices was loud; like the humming of insects flying at noonday. The boats floated, clustered together, in the red lights of torcheg.under a black roof of smoke;and men tulked of their sport. Men that boasted, nnd praised, and Jeered— men Hint would have been our friends in the morning, but on that night were already our enemies. We paddled swiftly past. We had no more friends In the country ofour birth. She sat In the middle of the canoe with covered face: silent as she Is now; unseeing as she Is now— and I hnd no regret at wlint 1 was leaving l>ecaUHe T could hear her breathing eloSe to mc— -ns I can bear her now." lie paused, listened with his car turned to tlie doorway, then shook his head and went on. ' "My brother wanted to shout the cry of challenge — one cry only— to let the people know we were freeborn robbers that trusted our arms and the great sea And again I begged him In the name of our love to be silent. Could I not hear herhreathliigclosotome? I knew pursuit would come quick enough. My brother loved inc. I-lc dipped his paddle with out a splash. He only said, "There is half a inan In you now— the other half la In that woman. 1 can wait. When you are a whole man again, you will come back with me here to shout defiance. We are sons of the same mother." 1 made no answer. All my strength nnd all my spirit were in my hands that held the paddle— for 1 longed to be with her in a safe place beyond the reach of men's anguish and of woman's spite. My love was so great that 1 thought it could guide me to a country where death was unknown If I could only escape from Inchl Mldah's splto nnd from our Rul er's sword. We paddled, with fury breathing through our teeth. Tho lades bit deep Into' the smooth water. We passed out of the river; we flew in clear channels amongst the shallows. We skirted the black coast. We skirled the sand beaches where the sea spenks in whispers to the land; nnd the gleam of white sand flashed back post our boat; so swiftly she ran upon the water. We spoke not. Only once I said, "Sleep, Dlameien. for «oon you want all your strength." I heard the sweetness of her voice, but I never turned my head. The son rose, " and still we went on. Water fell from my face like rain from a cloud. We flew In the light and heat. I never looked back, and I knew that my brother's eyes, behind me, were loAklng steadily ahead, for the boat went as straight as a hushman's dart, when It leavcB the end of the sunipllnn. There was no bet ter puddler, no better steersman than my brother. Jinny times, together, wc had won races In that canoc. But we never had put out strength as we did then— then, when for the last time we paddled together I There were no brav er or stronger man In our country than .my -brother. I couhl not spare the strength to turn my head nnd look at him, -but every moment I heard the hiss of his breath getting louder behind mc. Still he did not spenk. Tho sun was. high. The heat clung to my back like a flume of fire. My ribs were ready to burst, but 1 could no longer get enough air Into my chest. And then I felt 1 must cry out with my last breath, "Let us rest I" "Good!" lie answered; und his voice was firm. He was strong. He wns brave. lie knew not fear und no fatigue . ; . My brother!" A rumor powerful and gentle, a rumor vast and faint; the rumor of trembling leaves, of stirring boughs, ran through the tangled depths of the forests, ran over the starry smoothness of the lugoon, ,and the water between the piles lopped the slimy timber otice with the sudden splash. A breath of warm air touched the two men's faces and passed on with a murunfu! sound— a breath loud nnd short like ait uneasy sigh of the dream ing earth. Arsat went on in un even, low voice. "Wc ratt our canoe on the whlto boach of n little buy close to u long tongue of land'thut seemed to bar our road; a long woodod capo going far into the sea. My brother knew that place. Beyond the cane a- river had Us entrance. Through the Jungle o t that Una thtr, rt»» a du> row path. Ws made a fire and cooked rice. Then we slept on the soft sand In the shade of our canoe, white she watch ed. No sooner had I closed my eyes than I heard her cry of alarm. We leaped up. The sun was hnlf-way down, the sky already, and coming in sight in the opening of the bay we saw a prau manned by many paddlers. Wo knew it at once; It was one of our Ra jah's pruun. They were watching tho shore, nnd saw us. They beat the gong, and turned the head of tho prau Into the bav. I felt my heart become weak within my breast. Dlamclen sut on tho sand nnd covered her face.. There was no escape by sea. My brother laughed. He had the gun you had given him, Tuan, before you went away, but there was only a handful of powder. He spoke to me quickly: 'Run with her along the path. I shall keep them back, for they have no firearms, and landing In the face of a man with a gun is certain death for some. Run with her. On the other side of that wood there Is a fisher man's house— and a canoe. When I have fired all the shots I will follow. I am a great runner, and before they can come up we shall be gone. I will hold tout as long as 1 can, for she is hut a woman— that can neither run nor light, but she bus your heart In her weak hands." He dropped behind the canoc. The prau was coining. She and I ran, ,and us we rushed along the path I heard shots.; My brother fired— once— twice— and the booming of the gong ceased. There was silence behind us. That neck of land Is narrow. Before I heard my brother lire the third shot I saw the shelving shore, and I saw the water again : the mouth of a broad river. We crossed a grassy glade. We ran down to the water. I saw a low hut' above the black mud. and a smull ennoe hauled, up. 1 heard unothcr shot behind me. I thought, 'That is his last, charge. We rushed down to the canoe; a man came running from the hut. but I leaped on him, ami we rolled together i,, mu"' Ten 1 got up, and he lay still at my feet. I don't know whether I had killed him or not. -1 and Diume- ien pushed the canoe afloat. J heard yells behind me, and I saw my brother run across the glade. Many men were bounding after hhn. 1 took her In my arms and threw her into the boat, then leaped In myself. When I looked hack I saw that my brother hud fallen. He shouted, 'I am coming!' The men were close to him. 1 looked. Many men Then I looked at her, Tuan, I pushed the canoe! I pushed it into deep water. She was kneeling forward looking at me, and I said, -'Take your paddle,' while I struck the water with mine. Tuan, I heard him cry, I hoard him cry my name twice; und I heard voices shouting, 'Kill! Strike!' I never turned back. 1 heard lilm calling my name again with a shriek, as when life Is going ouL together with the voice- und I never 'turned my head. My own name ! . . . . My brother ! Three times he called— hut I was not afraid of life. Was she not there in that canoe? And could I not with her find a country where death Is forgotten— whore death Is unknown?" The white man sat up. Arsat rose and stood, an indistinct nnd silent figure above the dying embers of the fire. Over the lagoon a mist drifting and low had crept, erasing slowly the glittering images of the stars. And now a great expanse of white vapour covered tlie land: flowed cold and grey In the dark ness, eddied in noiseless whirls round the tree-trunks and about the platform ot tho house, which seemed to float upon a restless and Impalpable Illusion of the sea; seemed the only -thing surviving the destruction of the world by that undu lating and voiceless phantom of a flood. Only fnr away the tops of the trees stood outlined on' the twinkle of heaven, like a sombre and forbidden shore— a coast deceptive, pitiless, and black, Arsat's voice vibrated loudly In the profound peace, "I hnd hero there! I had her! To get her I would have faced ull mankind. But I hail her— and— " His words went out ringing Into the empty' distances. He paused, nnd seem ed to listen to them dying away very far —beyond help nnd beyond recall. Then he said quietly— A breath of wind made him shiver. High above his head, high above the silent sea of mist the drooping leaves of the palms rattled together with a mourn ful and expiring sound. Tlie white man stretched his legs. Ills chin rested on his chest, and he murmured sadly with out lifting his head— "Wc nil love our brothers." Arsat burst out with an Intense whis pering violence — "What did I care who died? I wanted pence in my own heart.". He seemed to h<ftr a stir In the house- listened— then stepped In noiselessly. The white man stood up. A breeze was coining In fitful puffs. The stars shone paler as If -they had retreated Into the frozen depths of Immense space. After a chill gust of wind there were a few seconds of perfect calm and absolute si lence. Then from behind the black nnd wnvy line of the forests a column of gol den light shot up Into tho heavens and spread over the scml-clrcle of the eas tern horizon. The sun had risen. The mint lifted, broke Into drifting patches, vanished Into thin Hying wreaths; and the unveiled lagoon lay. polished and black, In -the heavy shadows at the foot of the wall of trees. A white eagle rose over It with a slanting and itonderous night, reached the clear sunshine and ap peared dazzllngly brilliant for a moment, then souring higher, became a dark and motionless speck before It vanished Into the blue as If It had left the earth for over. The white man, standing gazing upwards before the doorway, heard in tho hut a confused and broken murmur of distracted words ending with a loud groan. Suddenly Arsat stumbled out with outstretched hands, shivered, nnd stood still for sometime with fixed eyes. Then he Raid— "She burns no more.1! Before his face the sun showed Its edge above the tree-tops, rising steadily. The breeze freshened: a great brilliance burst upon the lagoon, sparkled on tho rippling water. The forests came out of the clear shadows of the morning, bc- ,camc distinct, as If they had rushed nearer-to stop short in a great stir of leaves, of nodding boughs, of swaying branches. In the merciless sunshine the whisper of unconscious llfo grew louder, speaking In an Incomprehensible voice round the dumb darkness of that .human sprrpw. Arsat's eyes wandered slowly, then stared n<t the rising nun. "I can see northing," he said half a!ou<i to. himself. "There is nothing." said the white man, moving to'the edge of the platform .and waving his hand to his boat. A shout came faintly over the lagoon and (the sampan began to glide towards the :abode of the. friend of ghosts. : "If you want to come with me, I will wait alt the morning," said the white jnan. looking' away upon the water. ; "No. Tuan," said Arsat softly. " I shall not eat or sleep In this house, but I must first sec my road. Now I can see nothing ! There Is no light and no ipeuce In tho world; but there is death- death for many. We were sons of Uio same mother— and I left him In the midst of enemies; but I am going back now." He drew n long breath and went oil In drenmy tone. "In a Utile while I shall see clear enough to strike— to strike. But she has died, and .... now .... Uarkncss.'S He (lung his arms wide open, let them tall along his body, then Stood still with unmoved face and stony eyes, staring at tho sun. Tho white man got down Into his canoe. . Tho polers ran smurtly along tho aides of tho bout, looking over their shoulders at the beginning of a weary Journey, High in tho stern, ids head muffled up tn whlto rugs, the jurugausat moody, tutting his paddle trail In the water. TtATwrnte man, leaning with both nrms over the grass roof of tho 11U, tie cabin, looked back at the shining rip-1 pie of the boat's wake. Before the sam pan passed out of tho lagoon into the creek he lifted his eyes. Arsnt had not moved. In the searching clearness of crude sunshine he was still- standing before tho house, ho was still looking through. the great light of a' cloudtesB day' into the hopeless darkness. of tho world.— Joseph,- Conrad tn " Cornhlll ' v 