C r u m b s . Fine. Clear. Pleasant. _ "Mataa." Oom Paul. War is in the air. Good-bye, Charlie. A Federal murphy. Sunshine after ram. Big "Boom" Booth. Orotava off to London. "The Brewers'Ghost." A triumph for the Turks. Butler safe; thank heavens 1 War elands in South Africa. Butler has arrived in Sydney. Butler has arrived in Sydney. More trouble at the Hospital. Small events on a big journey. Extraordinary high barometer. Federal Convention literature. Preparing for war in South Africa. The Duchess of Bedford cremated. Washed down a sewer and drowned. " First march of the Federal Army." Sir George Turner is a terror to graft. Barometer at 10 o'oloek to-day. 30'23. Terrible panic among the Greek forces. Australian artists succeeding in London. The Grecian War Minister has resigned. Interesting Western Australian elections. Heavy floods in Sydney; two men drowsed. Looks like a local Blue Mountain murder ase. Adelaide rainfall for twenty-four hoars, 0-045. Still another detachment from New South Wales. Farewell "Matsa" matinee to-day at S o'clock. The Kalgoorlies made 98 runs against GiSPfl Eleven. Pantoni made the acquaintance of Hugh Kalyptus. Jo of eyeglass and orchid fame is taking a firm stand. The Colossus of the Convention has returned to Sydney. " A Chat about Faces" to-night at Mntual Chambers. Ten thousand horses being purchased for tie British army. Dr. Hamilton and Mr. Wigley trying to get the Priess in. Shocks of earthquake felt in different parts of the colony. ; Oom Paul acts like an ungracious despot ia a bad temper. Annual meeting of Chamber of Commerce this afternoon. After all the great evil is the result of self- indulgence. The Earl of Ranfuiiy leaves London for N.Z. on June 3. Alfred Dampicr playing at Coolgardie to crowded houses. Two men washed down a street sewer and drowned in Sydney. May Day Festival at the Children's Hospital on Saturday. Three cheers were given for Mr. Kingston as the train moved off. Congratulations for Miss Maudie McCarthy and Miss Florence Fuller. A prospecting party return to Alice Springs after traversing 1,400 miles. Riccotti Garibaldi, a sen of the famous Garibaldi, aiding the Greeks. The row at the Hospital arose out of attendance on an infectious disease case. Federation's in the air, and in the soil, too, when potatoes join hands or eyes. On the eve of his departure for England Charlie has forgiven all his enemies. _ A new word of command adopted in South Australia—GIT ! that means, to move. Frank Thornton, of Private Secretary fame, coining to Adelaide in a few months. On Torrens Is-—"The pleasures there are manv, and the troubles there are none." Good-bye, lads, and don't forget the girls yon leave behind you—Tommy Atkins. Sun rose at 6.23 a.m., sets at o.4 p.m. Moon ro3e at 2.51 a.m.. sets at 2.59 p.m. Fare thee welL Charlie, bv a good boy, and you may be rewarded with some afreets. " Boom" Booth being engaged in putting down the drink, metaphorically speaking. April 28. Chancer the poet died, 1434. Salisbury Cathedral founded, 1220 (competed 1258). Eight hundred soldiers dispatched to" the Cape—three batteries of field artillery to follow. The third triennial Convention of the W.C.T.U. of Australia opened in Sydney oa Monday. Mr. Haunert and party leaving on a prospecting trip from Oodnadatta to Western Australia. A prospecting partv ascended Avers' Rock; a feat which baffled the members of the Horn Expedition. • The Kalgooriie Eighteen made a poor -show in their first innings against Giffen's team of cricketers. Kroner's remark that the Queen was.*"a difficult woman to deal with" very closely akin to an insult. It is clairr-ed for Charley's Aunt that it has earned iT>ore money than any other play written this century. Dr. Russfcll is made subservient to the man who gets the game salary as himself, and tb a man who gets £100 less. The circumstances surrounding the Streaky Bay mystery resemble somewhat those of the Bine Mountain murders. If Gorgy-Porgy loses weight on the voyage, as some people imagine he will, that Court costume will want a reef taken in. " If you swear into the instrument they -will cuthyou off; if you don't swear you can bet your bottom dollar you won't be heard." Tit is not putting, things in the right place that bothers .a man so much as finding the right place after be has put things i n it. " He was-in favour of selling the Northern Territory for £300,000,000 if any one would pay cash down." The candidate ought to have added a sovereign t6 make his offer perfect. The warlike signs of the times in • South Africa are exciting great anxiety, and some people on the spot act as though in expectation of an outbreak occurring at any moment. Compared with the rest of Australia the Golden West has been n sort of political Rip Van Winkle, and it is only now awakening to a proper appreciation of its political import ance. •' -The Greeks want some of the pluck and bravery' which distinguished that little band who, with Leonidas. fought till aU were killed against Xerxes and the Persian hosts at Thermopylae. The success of the International'' Exhibition, to be . opened at Brisbane on May 5 under the 'patronage of the Queensland Government, appears to be already fairly assured- • "At the time that Mr. Reid was saying that he could not go to England the measure for a Court suit was on its way to London."— The Leader of the Opposition in the Sydney Parliament yesterday. The Commandant told the S. A. detachment that they held the unique position of being the only squad under Queen s Regulations. He might now add that they hold a unique position in not having, had a send-off by "their comrades. The Government.Printer is making all poe sible speed in the preparation of the volume of " Hansard" in which' are enshrined the words of wisdom that -fell from the -lips of members of the Federal Convention. The Volksraad evidently relies upon the friendly offices of Germany ; and proposals such as those repeatedly circulated by tbe German Chancellor, in favour of the exercise of moral pressure upon England by Russia, France, and Germany, will assuredly have tbe effect of increasing the aggressiveness of the Boers. "Every man or woman who thought it poe sible to obtain a living by the practice of the law should be able to do so by paying a small fee. A poor man who might have all the -necessary qualifications was at present debarred from entering the profession because of the large outlay for a legal coarse. . . He was in favour of Belling the Northern Territory for' £300,^)00,000 if any one would pay cash down."—A candidate for Legislative Council honours at the Semaphore last night. 