CHAPTERi ?XXV.-'"AS IN A GLASSG, DARKLY." On the night'following Miss Ilerneas tie's adventure Sir Peter rode home wards from Castleford, where he had been visiting, close upon midnight. He Was in high good spirits-for him. The night was lovely,, bright as day, and twice as beautiful. In his elation just then all his constitutional dread of ghosts, of "black spirits and white, blue spirits and grey," vanished, and he was actually trying to whistle a shrill little tune as he scampered along. The clocks of Castleford, plainly heard in the stillness, were striking twelve as the baronet entered his own domain and rode up the avenue. W'hat was that? His horse had shied so suddenly as nearly to throw him off. They were near a huge oak, called the King's Oak., from the legend that the Young Pretender had once taken re fuge there from his pursuers. Its great branches cast shadows for yards around and slowly out of those gloomy shadows -oh, Heaven!-a figure came-a white figure, with streaming hair, and face upturned to the starry sky. All in white-true gh'ostly garments-noiseless, slow, it glided out, and stood full in his pathway. The bright, cold light of the moon shone full upon it, and he saw-the dead face of Katherine Dangerfleld! Katherine Dangerfield! Not a doubt of. it. Who should know that face bet ter than he, as he used to see her long ago in her white dress andfiowing hair? Katherine Dangerfield, with a face of stone upturned to the midnight sky. He sat frozen for a moment-frozen with a horror 'too intense for words or cry. 'Then the startled horse shied again, and a shriek rang: out in the midnight still ness that those who heard might never forget. -Then th;horse plunged madly forward, and there was the sound of a heavy fall; The groom, half asleep at his post, rushed out-two or three dogs barked loudly in their kennels-the groom rushed forward and seized the 'horse. euivering with affright. He was rider less! At-a littledistance lay -hi Peter, facii downwards.ton -the dewygrass, like a dedd'minis. And'ndtlhing -else,"earthly. 'or tineaitily, was 'ainywhere to be peen. The groomni edhoed his master's cry as desstooped and lifted him up. -He was senseless--he had" struck his forehead "in a stoie, and was bleeding freely. It was an awfully ghastly face upon which the moon shohe. I The double alarm had been heard.' In five minutes - another of the grooms, sleeping over the stable, came running to the spolt. " They bore the stark and bleeding form between them; found his night-key in his pocket, opened the door, and carried him up to his own room. Sir Pet er, however, long before a sur geon arrived, had come to himself again. The doctor dressed the wound on his forehead, n-hich was trifling, prepared a sedlative, and administered it. - SThe news spread, as such news is pretty sure to do. By noon that day all Castleford knew that Sir Peter, riding home at midnight had beheld Katherine Dangerfield's ghost under the trees of Scarswood-1had fallen from his horse in a fit-had struck his temple on a stone. The news spread-it was the talk of the town-and among others came to the ears of Captain O'Donnell. He walked over. It was past three when he reached Scarswood. On ex pressing his desire to see Sir Peter, he was shown up to the baronet's room. "I trust I am not an intruder, Sir Peter," the young Irishman said, coni tng forward; "but hearing of your ac cident-.t ' ? .,- - - - ",•'Comr in; O'Donnell-come in!" the sharp, querulous yoIce of -the invalid said. ,"I w'anted to se- you." The 'chasseur came forward, and saluted Miss Herncastle, n-ho for the time being was Installed as nurse. "And with your permission, Sir Peter. now that Captain O'Donnell has come, I will leave you for a while," said the governess. "I have not been out to-day, and my head aches. I will administer your medicine, though, before I go." He took it submissively from her hand. Captain O'Donnell watched every move ment, and followed the stately figure out of the room. She closed the door after her, and they were quite, alone. "Ths is a very strange, a very remark able occurrence, Sir Peter," he began. "The talk is that you saw a ghost. A ghost! Now, I thought ghosts were ex ploded ideas?: 'Will you pardon me if I think so still?" "I wishhto Heaven I could!' Sir Peter groaned. "Unfortunately for me, it ad mits-of no doubt. - As plainly as I see you sitting here beside me, I saw Kathe rine Dangerfleld last night." "Sir Peter, I have a great curiosity concerning this Katherine Dangerfield. asave younany picture of her? I would give a good deal to see one." • "Yes, I have," the sick man said. "Do you see that escritoire over there? Open that-the key is in it Open the third drawer to the left and you will find a photograph of Katherine Dangerfield, taken a month before she died." Redmond O'Donnell obeyed. He un locked the escritoire, opened the drawer, and produced a picture w'apped in silver paper. It was a photograph, soft and clear as an engraving, and beautifully tinted. The chasseur took it to the win dow, and gazed upon it long and earn estly. Then he returned to his place by the bedside, picture in hand. - "Sir Peter, there can be no doubt-it is absurd of me to suppose such a thing -there can be no doubt Katherine Dan gerfleld did die?" "No doubt?" cried Sir Peter, shocked beyond all exppression. "Of course, there was no doubt. Good heavens above, O'Dorinell! I-never heard of such a thing!" O'Donnell sat silent, watching him pity, contempt, disgust, all in his grave, silent face. "I won't stay to dine to-day. I think," the chasseur presently remarked, rising. "Sir Peter, with your permission.I will keep this picture for the present. I don't see my way very clearly through this maze." He rang. The housekeeper anod one of tihe inalds came, and tile chasseur tool; his departure. The family were in their rooms dressing. lie made his w-ay out unnoticed. (To be Continued.) 