TCTEP FLOTSAM AND JETSAM- Br " APEMANTPS. " TO-MOHKOW week the annual sale of the Sylvia Park yearlings will be held on the stud-farm near Auckland, N.Z , when the first of the stock of Seitrra Dalavelwill be offered, and includes six fiUies and two colts, one of the latter beiner from Liquidation, a lialf-sieter by Kine Cole to Maxim, and the other from Nnrdenfeldt-'s half-sister, .Ifdestone. Seaton Delavel is by the English Derby and Leger winner, Melton, from Eisedale by Botberhill, who was bv Lord CHfd^u from Petrarch's dam, Laurs,. The Sylvia Park sire was a capital stayer when racing in England, as he won the Great Nnrthe n Handicap, at York, of a mile and three-quarters, r as well as the Nortbumbi-rlsndPlate, of 1000 sovs., over 2miles, qnd a'so amongst his other performances he ran secondin the Epsom Metronolilan ^tnkeF, of two miles and a quarter. As Messrs. Archie Yuille, C. L. Macdonild, of St. Albans, and Ike Foulsham have journeyed to N.Z. to be present at the sale, I hope we shall see some of these aristocratic youngstars this fide. o n ON the following Tuesday Mr. Thomas Morrin's yearlings will be offered for sale, and altogether the proprietor of the Wellington P<irk stud sends up four-and-twenty lots, principally by Hotchkiss, bub there are others by Cuirassier, St. L°ger and CaBtor, and amongst those claiming Hotcbkiss as sire is a brown colt out of the celebrated old Frailtv, the dam of Trenton, Niagara, Cuirassier, Havoc, Cissie, Miry, Zalinski and Astronomer, all big winners. The presence of our Victorian buyers will give a grand impetus to the bidding, and I hope they will determine to secure some of the young aristocrats they will interview, Rr-THE-ETE, writing of Seaton Delavel, the N.Z, Sporting Review has a half- page tabulated pedigree of the imported horse, bat in this, which I once passed to Mr, Frank Dakin, there is an error, as that celebrated pedigreeisfc pointed out to me. The fifth dam of Seaton Dalavel was Suspicion, by Specula'ion, who was by Tramp, and not Whisker, as printed. The compiler of the tabulation has ermi in mistaking the English Speculation, whereas Suspicion's sire was an Irish orse. " THANK God we have an Upper House," ejaculated Mr. Jack Hancock a few nights ago in the Assembly. " Praise from Sir Hubert is praise indeed," we may well exclaim under such circumstances, for the member for Foofcscray is generally supposed to be " death " on the Council. The remark was caused by the elimination by the Upper House of the clauRe inserted in Mr. Duffy's bill, which would have lessened the income of the Victorian Postal Department by refusing to forward any letters for sweeps and, moreover, in the most impertinent manner possible provided for opening any letterte which in the wondrous minds of the postal authorities were thought to contain mutter relating to gambling. The present 'Kill joy " Ministry, with its special pleader for revenue ; the Commissioner of Income Tax, Is doing all in its power to destroy sport, and I am consequently sorry that some of the paper3 have notified that Carpenter's cheque for winning the Austral ataounted to a shade over the statutory £200. I Bhall not be a bit surprised if our energetic tax commissionertries to raise fundB from the memhciB of Stoddart's team, on the ground j hat they have made certain taxable incomes whilst iu the colony. Let him try it on, and then gcod-bye to the present Ministry, which in every possible way seems to be trying to render iuelf obnoxious to sport. If the commissioner try this method of raisin gfunds he will find the whole of the country turning on him. WRITING of Stoddart's merrie men reminds me that they have my hearty congratulations on their gie&t; victory in the first teBt match. We ran most cordially compliment the only ihrce Victorians, as xrumme ana urijeaa pracwcauy stopped the rout in the first innings of the Australians, and although we are supposed to be the Restart of all the colonies at present cricket mg.it is pleasant to note that our three men averaged 37 per man whilstthefour-from South beat our neighbours badly, whilst Charlie M'Leod's average for his three wickets was 26 66, and Jones, the only other man who took three wicket?, did so at very nearly double the cost of Charlie's, the South Australian's average being 62 06, and M'Kibbin's two wickets were at the cost of 77'50 runs per wicket. Thus, we in Victoria can congratulate ourselves that our men acted their parts "like men,' Charlie M'Leod especially, who, by both his batting and bowling, has silenced all those critics who objected ^ to his inclusion in the team in preference to Noble. For an emergency man to come out of an international test match with the best bowling average and 76 as an average in batting makes one wonder what kind of reflective powers the selection committee can possess. IT is not the custom in the o!d country if a M ^ h r i ^ . C - J S ^ S M have been the case with Darling if the Adelaide man had not re-established bis right to a place in the Australian eleven when he smote the English bowling hip and thigh in the second innings. Perhaps, however, the most marvellous cricket of the whole match was the batting of " Ranjy," who got up off a sick bed and made 177 with comparative ease against the cream of Australian rundling. M'Laren's batting must have been *"ru'y superb, as in the first innings he made 109, ^nd then carried out his bat for 50 in the second. a Oun boys are beaten, but not disgraced, for they pulled themselves together in the second innmgs and fully made amends for their wretched display in the opening essay, *hich was only saved from absolute disgrace by the plucky hattin* batting of Of f.hp the two M.C.C. M O. C men, Chailie M'Leod U'T.ANA and Hughie Trumble. TUB legislators of that " Holier than thou" city of churches, Adelaide to wit, have passed their Suppression of Gambling Bill,so that vi e may look for a rapid decadence in sport in Cereopolis. When bookmakers of established repute, such as " i he Count," will be liable to imprisonment if the\ wager on a course it stands to reason that an owner will, if a big bettor, receive a very small return for winning a race. When the totalisator is alone able to supply bis wants he has to divide with those who do not supply the oats to keep a big stable going, and of course the inference is obvious. It would seem as if all our Parliaments were trying to imake us moral by compulsion. THE weather at Williamstown on Saturday was really quite genial, as a nice breeze from the sea, tempered the rays of old Sol, who bad evidently been hard at work during the week, for all the flowers, which generally make such a picture of the Williamstown paddock, were withered by the fierceness of. Thursday's heat,-;aH4"~£«en th buffalo grass was scorched. was only fair, and the majority o'f^bo^Tuffi^o did attend wished themseiyg® elsewhere, f^tN. was a terrible day for themUn thei^tfaWactiohl' *ith the layers. In fact, s^h' an occdften^ as' four red hot farourites finifebing absolute^ up' the tail of the fluid is, I thinkyjv ni'ost junigjie eirouEBstaEce, and one we do not again' pjefa; tj encounter ; the favourites to fail so ignominiously were Leeway in the Hurdle Eace, Boyton in the Welter Handicap. Towrang in the Jumpers' Flat Eace and Count Herbert in the Joyful Handicap. Blunderer, the favourite in the Trial Handicap, succeeded, but Shannon, who occupied that position in the Christmas Gift, could only - get .. second to Vanity. The fielders must consequently have had a regular fitld day, THE stewards had a long spell considering the running of Boyton in the Welter Handicap, in which the son of Escutcheon carried his owner and trainer, Charlie Ivimy, who some years ago was a jockpy almost second to none in the land. Prior to the race Ivimy told me he had not a shiliing about his hoie«, and moreover never had had 6ince the son of Escutcheon went into hiB hands, as he did not consider him reliable; nevertheless, he was going for the stake to pay the oat bill with. He was late arriving at the post, and moreover cantered around the reverse way, in order, as-he put it,-to select the beBt going. But in the race Boyton was never prominent, and about three furlongs' from home retired to the tail of the field, finally finishing "down the course." In his explanation to the stewards Ivimy told them hie horse would not gallopihtheloosesoil,and moreover would notonce take hold of his bit; also that he galloped on to May Day's heels, and this appeared to disconcert Boyton altogether. In passing a rustication sentence of six months, the stewards informed Ivimy that it would have been for a period of two years if it had not been for his exemplary character over five-and-twenty years. The accused at once gave notice of an appeal to the V.E.C. LATER on, Ivimy c-ffered the horse for the insignificant turn of .£30 without the intending turcbaeer closing, and yet only t^n months ag'o he refused just five times that amount for the now disqualified son of Escutcheon. SPOUT opened with the Hurdle Eace, for which Leeway was backed down to even money, with Jack Hsnwell at 5 to 2, after touching 7 to 4. Bar these two sevens were offered,and the fielders started well, for the very first horse beaten was Leeway, who ran a perfect brute and refused to try a yard, and then Brewer's mount dropped to the rear, leaving Heron with the lead, but Platina stuck most gamely to the erratic brother iu xutvaimmi, »uu uuuuugu sne uungieu somewhat at the last obstacle, completely wore down Heron and won by nearly a length. A s j h a v e r e f f i a r k p d a b o v e, Boy ton was made f a v o u r i t e f o r ,he Welter Handicap from the ; o f t h e b e t t i a n d 6 t o 2 w a£ t a k e n i n a A l u finding plenty of friends at sires. Vanity jumped away and never giving anything else a ghost of a show, won by a head; but in the final half furlong she had to meet a very vigorous challenge from White Veil, who came with a late but very fast rnn; it was, however, just a shade out the too journey, late, winning as Vanity by a very managed shoit head. to last ON Thursday morning last I noticed Blunderer jun a very nice half-mile in a shade the better of 52=ec. when finishing in companyjwith Embrasure ® Safety, and, accordingly, I gave him a very * d show for the five furlongs 'I rial Stakes ; but I was i r greatly surprised when I discovered that he a s favourite in a field of seven, which included performers as Alva, Archer, Meteor and the Kjneton winner, Betsy Swiveller. Blunderer's ^ t T k l i s t ^ ^ ^ Z f i f f S * Alva and A r c h e r m t h e f a s t t i m e o f 1 ^ SHANNON carried the bulk of the coin for the Christmas Gift, but Vanity, Carrick and Water Colour also had any amount of supporters, a late commission for Vanity bringing the Sandown Park double winner down to threes, and Bobby Lewis, who rode the daughter of Boz, made no mistake, for he came away three furlongs from home, and won quite comfortably by a couple of lengths from Shannon, TowBiNQ, on the strength of his Mentone running, was looked upon as a veritable "dead bird" for the Jumpers'Flat Eace, with EI.C. also a very strong order, wbiist Jack Hanwell f f ^ i T^®' f ' f l ^ ^ w ^ountes made most of tfae running but after Romg a mile Towtang dropped back badly beaten, and when Brewer brought Jack Hanwell up alongside E.I.C. the race was all over, for Jack Hanwell won at hie leisure, the outsiders giving Brewer a hearty groaning, I presume became he beat their favourites and failed to get home in the Hurdle Eace. ON the strength of a mile last Thursday morn" ing after breakfast in 1.48*. Count Herbert wa made a tremendous pot for the Joyful Handicap' 8 huf but his party ^tofn^t forgot that tViof Viw by the f.Vio time the tria was run the rising hot winds had made the track as fast as lighting, and so they fell, for the Count was never prominent. Ira moo made all the running, and throwing up clouds of dust in the faces of his opponents, absolutely blinded them; he was fast tiring, but he managed to last out the journey, that most unlucky mare, Whit8 Veil, running another second. As Iramoo started at 10 to 1 my readers can fancy bow the battle between the fielders and punters eventuated ; the rush of the latter for the first train told its tale too thoroughly. WHITE VEIL'S owner, Mr. Tom Uphill, was present ~ , » on , Saturday , to . see his , mare run, .„ having ^ ^covered 3 ham a dangerous a dangr illness, *" !" V difference to the luck of ^ f W S ^ter, nC for once again did she run a ipuple of seconds, 6 C O U D l e o f 8 e c o n d B' and she truly is a most unfortunate mare, and if a n d she continue in this strain ir owner will order her to " get thee to a unnery." AN American jockey named Claweon has gone one better even than Bobby Lewis, as at Detroit he rode three winners on 29rh September, five on the day following, and tbrfe more on the first of October. He expected to be home soon, and, in a etter to his mother, says:—" I am having good luck now, I will be home soon and will not send you any more money. When I get home I will have enough to last you along time, and will buy you that new home in Alameda." All the Detroit papers announced the result of young Clawson's phenomenal riding under such scare heads as •' Clawson's Day "and *'Clawson is Good." MB. COX to-day invites his patronB to visit him at Maribjrnong, where a nice programme has been prepated tor their delectation, . The couiee can be reached from town either direct by cab or by taking train to Ascot Vale (on the Esseadoa line* J), whence caba * run to ' the " course fpr " a bob a heai a." T „,,. m n„ l o . « . ,, Alm^lS has fucbihilX J t L tf r fma® ma^e that he isnreS £ £ f t f y seainst anything in the land for half a S th» take to be any part of a monkey No donb? i n i a t n i s Bpecially smart, but I thinkiflS daughter of Padlock would carry my little dollar" Aluminium's owner would prefer to carry 8st each, and, of course, on the w.f.a. scale Eev would be having the worse of the weights but neverthlese I fancy she would be favourite with the puntere. As I shall have another opportunity of writing on L the TVIA eventB OIRANFO for F/IT< New \FANT Year's VAN.' N Day, TW— I T can only > " cursorily glance at < he - weights which Mr Dakin issued on Monday last for the Stardieb and Bag;ot Handicaps. Such a lot of . rubbish „W„,01I ncluded in the entries for the Standish Handicap that the bandicapper was compelled to award Ayrshire the steadier of 10 1, and even with this mpost the son of Dutlop will take some beatine Aluminium with 9 5 will meet better class than she has been accustomed to, and Orient with 9 l Sit^°0 S T I f t S S S ' h T p S f S ^ ^ ^ w T™ ^ ^ , i f" "®' > P er Interlude a P P i 6 s t o at L a 7.!). 3 7 1 1 J r e f m t C° ; s t 0 D B a I l a t a 0 ^J ' eJI in at 7.7,and t 1111 18 w o a, ^'measure and The Bojemian Girl, each riB " present tancy inclines to Inter- e - BATTALION, even with 10 3, is not to be despised for the Bagot Handicap; but I prefer Mischief 7.10, and The Chevalier, 7 9, whilst Dreamland cannot surely complain of 7-4. Amnesty,7.2, and Sortie, o — 6.13, > have plenty i of opportunity, if good b u t m y P nce is for Mischief on the r e f e r e h a n d l c aP- CAULFIELD, as usual, will demand our attention fT** ^ such a surfeit of platers at the suburban h a v meetings e that realiy it will be quite a treat to visit the Heath once again. The long spell the public have bad from first-class racing will no doubt have a considerable effect upon the attendance, which should in consequence, be first-rate. We always look 'now for some special improvement at Cauifieid, and Mr. Moule's latest will be found of great ser- T f. ^ birdcage visitors, as on the cards to ^d^tethehorstemthe^atalJsafiiiger ic will denote m w t l ] C b £ t a lj f - Those unaccustomed t b & to h o our T e horses 1 8 t o b e do f o u n not d know which is which when they find one sufficiently between two cards; now they will have no difficulty, Mr. Vowlee issued his handicaps in good time on Monday, and my preferences lie thusly: - WEDTFE HANDICAP.—Vanity, 1; Olaf, 2; Ccntrast or Embrasure, 3. HUEDLE EACB.—Brighton, 1 ,• Vagrant, 2; Chartreuse or General Gordon, 3. HOPETOUN CUP —Sinecurist, 1: Moonlyong 2- Fifeshire, 3. ' STEEPLECBASE.—Mill Park selected, 1 ; Jimmy, 2 ; Zouroff or Songster, 3. JvvnaiLB STAKES.—Safety, 1; Advance, 2; Canada or Stanaish 3. MALVERN HANDICAP.—Water Colour, 1; Jack Horner, 2 ; Glenore, 3, THE last bow meetiof the Rippon Im Archery Cmb for the 1897 season was held on 11th December, The weather was fine and calm, and the attendance better than usual. The scores were as follows Rev. E. Taylor, with 5 goldB, scored 258; Dr. G Howitt (5i, 208; Canon Godby {2 golds), 167; MisfB. Couchman (2goJds), 148; Mr. Norton Eolfe, 103 ; Miss Elder (4 golds), 94; Miss'Jenkins (1 gold), 92; Mr Elder {2 golds), 87; Miss Williams, 79; Miss A. Coucbman, 7S; Miss J Day (1 gold), 64;-Miss E, Dixon, 62; Mrs. E. Taylor (1 gold), 61; Mrs. Keep?52; Mrs. Persons. 51; Mis? Couchman (2 golds)' 4<r Mrs. Elder, 44 ; Mrs. Jenkins (1 gold) 33. 