MYSTICS AMD TOADIES, There are, ib is said, only 140 religious in all United States. Considering that within these limits there dwell 70 millions of people of a speculative, energetic, and inventive race this number of faiths, in the opinion of many Americans, ia not enough to go round (writes the New Y»rk corres pondent of the London Daily Telegraph). There has 03en created a brand new church, and almost a novel faith, within the last few years — the 'Church of Canst Soieu tist.' The founder of tho new church is a lady— the Eev. Mary Baker Eddy. This remarkable womaa has somehow forced into existence a creed, which is supposed to be scientific, and placed herself at the head of a sect supposed to be Christian, the first supposition being ridiculously untrue, and the second open to grave donbt. Obeying her dictates is a following that numbers over a quarter of a million, and these persons, I should imagine, far above the avernge in education. In all the social peculiaritif-s of America I have encountered nothing more inexplicable. Mrs. Eddy has made the profound discovery that God being good all His work must be good. Hence those things that seem evil are not real. ' The soul is real ; the body and its troubles phenomenal. Sin and disease are not realities ; get right views and faith and these disappear. Ergo, doctors are frauds ; sickness and bodily ailments must be cured by 'getting the soul right, not by pills and potions. The work of the physician is the work of the parson. A true believer of the new gospel died of cancer the other day. Yet I should not be surprised to learn that at this moment the ' Church of Christ Scientist' is making more progress than any other in this country. A far more amusing class are the faith healers, who are going up and down the country curing all manner of diseases by laying on of hands. They are so naive. One of this genus, named Schrader, has been operating in New Jersey and about the little town of Bayonne. Such was his renown that no fewer th&n; 15,000 patients visited him in the course of a single week. Having taken the visitor's pocket handker chief, and twisted it between his fingers, h:s universal prescription was, ' Apply this handkerchief to the aftected part every day, and you will be cured.' The ingenuous Schrader did not take money, but had a man Friday not above receiving the filthy lucre, and between them they did remark ably welL Yet Schtader must, I imagine, go blue with envy when he thinks of the much greater success of the niggor Alexander Bedward, who has been healing people by the thousand on the Hope Eiver, in the 'West Indies. This holy Darkie was once the inmate of a lunatic asylam, and subsequently of a gaol. With such train ing he blossomed forth as a Christian vMahdii the 'Prophet of the Most High,' having power by his prayers to make the Hope a healing stream, and thousands of negroes have battled -with each other to get first into the Jamaica Bethesda. The wily Bedward says the virtue remains in the Water only while ha stays by, so that he collects fresh fees each time he comes, and is thus gathering in the dollars copiously. It would seem to be no special drawback to a transatlantic prophet that he has ' done time' previously. At Woodcliff, not far from here, i3 a sect of fanatics, ?whose founder, Huntsman Mnaaon, alias Mason, admits that he formerly belonged to a certain class of criminals in this city, but ho now leads the ' Angel Dancers' of New Jersey, and ia continually exercised with his poople in driving out the devil from their surroundings. This last ia an irksome procpsa, for when the evil one gets into food it has to be destroyed, and when he forces his way into a room there ia no process to get him out except to stretch a white sheet across tho apartment, and the faithful, holding the corners, advance to tho door. Thus the ' puir de'il' is relent lessly driven out of doors in this cold weather, too, with the mercury close to aero. The Garden State Mephistopheles oannot Btand a white sheet, It reminds tip, 'pos^Wyi ?Qfpwttwwi What is fo be said about the reality and permanence of these alleged spiritual cures of physical ills 1 It would be foolish to deny that there have been some striking cures effected, a few of th^m difficult posBibly to explain. They always occur in seasons of great excitement. One such is vouched for by the Rev. Dr. Robert Coll yer, doyen of the Unitarian Church in New Ycrk. It is the case of a woman who for five or six years had been helpless through rheu matic inflammation. This woman ' got herself carried ' to the mooting of one of the healers in Chicago. ' Sho listened to the man's teachings the first day, but it did not seem to help her. The second day the tides of emotion arid excitement rose to the full. She started up suddenly in the meeting and shouted, ' Bless the Lord ! My trouble is gone.' She walked home. When I was ia Chicago last May (continues the doctor) she came over to see me at my daughter's house. She could walk as well as I. Sho is walking now. Sho is well, except that now and then the rheumatic pain will seiza her. Then she begins to pray. She has faith and the pain goes away again.' Cyrus Teed, ' the Chicago Christ,' is getting np a New Jerusalem on E^tero Island, Florida. His sect are the ' Kore shans,' and his wifs loft her former hus band to become his consort and queen of the colony, under the titla of ' Victoria Gratia Koresh' — an obvious plagiarism from a British coin. The Koreshan settle mant has some mills, and it supports two newspapers, the Flaming Sioord and the Pruning Shears. Over all Teed is the absolute boss ; he does not allow any marriage in the ordinary sense of the word in his domain, and all the children born in the community are taught to believe that he is the universal father. He professes unlimited ability to perform miracles, but is economising his power just now. In this State of New York Mrs. James B. Clark, of Chszey, is cutting out the doctors all through Clinton county by the spiritual exorcism of disease. Georgia has been favored by Aaderson Rodger?, a colored prophet, whose deluded disciples, relying on his prediction of the Day of Judgment, have many of them been left without visible means of subsistence, and a few placed in durance. Lida Nelson honored Indiana with her prophecies, and in Maine the Rev. F. W. Sandford proclaims his marvellous cures, and carries on a ' Holy Ghost and its Bible School.' Bill Junes haa kindly devoted himself to the Indians of the Payallup tribe. Finally, there is Bradley Newell, the erstwhile blacksmith of Vermont, who has grown rich on other people's faith, and who went over to Eng land, most likely to enjoy himself, but ostensibly to convert the Prince of Wales to his views. They report that his mission was a failure. It ia said that out of 28,000 Jews in the city of Amsterdam 10,000 are occu pied ia the trade of diamond dealing. 