WILL AM) L I had been Bitting at my desk for a foil hour, engaged in the laudable occ pation of doing nothing. In spite of m titrable, what wonder then that I drifte off into reverie, and my thoughts reverted to sadly plahsant retrospect? j Once more it was winter—the sonn New Orleans winter—and 'WOl and were together. I recalled the hours passed in reading and writing and mu sic; the drives and walks and theaters The most minute sod trivial inrirtfintn recurred to my mind, and I found my 'eelf smiling at the recollection of a cer itain. long, narrow, phenomenally flgr passage or alleyway on Royal street, n iwhic3iwB glanced one night, and whic ••Wil, with his bright and quick ease humor, immediately christened "Jack the Bipper'e court." I This is not a sensational etory that I am about to tell. I warn my readers in advance that there is nulling staff* tJing or wildly romantic in it. From ktart to finishit is & ample "o'ertrue tale." And yet it was romantic too. There s was a tinge of romance, after sO when Will asked me to became his wi to marry him in secret. We had been betrothed for a year, and he was far from etrwng. His healthwBE tmder irrined, and a horrible fear oppressed that he would be taken away. In the prime of hi£ manhood, with Ufa hope and happiness all his, it wae an a ful thought. "Constance," he said one night as w stood on the -moonlit gallery, with its luxuriant rose Tines and the great yel low roees clambering tip to Aakai&ow; their showers of fragrance in our face "my darling, be my wife now! Why Should we wait, dear one? There is no ing between our lives and happiness bu the bugbear of poverty, and I shall hav » fortune when I am 80. I shall be next September, Constance, if—if I lira. Something in the sweet, tender voic made me glance np fcwiCUyinto the brave, dark eyes. Beautiful, tender eye Where are yon now? Where are yon today, O Will? Hidden away foreve from the sight of my eyee, from beyon the clasp of my arms—gone, gone—I f it, believe it—to that Beautiful, veiled, bright world. Where the glad ghosts meet. Something in his voice made my hea ache. *"Why do yon speak60 sadlyF I ask him. "Never mind the fortune, Will. I care nothing for that, if yon are onl spared to me." "I know it, dear, tender little heart he answered softly. "You are the onl true woman in the world, Constance SatI wanted to tellyon (I am snpexst turns, I admit it) it was prophesied th lahall die before I am 30." "NonBenBeH I cried sturdily, "that i fcheer superstition, and it is veiy w to believe in it, dear. No one knows future. would never think of that again if I wrae you." j I tried to smaeas I«poke—to shake o the etrange feeling Aat would opjwee me, try as I might-—but all in vain. P before 80! My true hearted, noble Wi jwitfa his sonny smile aid tender dar eyeel I would not believe it It was abpnrd. So I landed at his feare as foolishnoes and tried to make him fo get. Bat he was far from strong, a that one glimpse of what might be in store for us—the awful parting that might come—made - me decide. Bo promised that night in became his wi it cmee and "in secret and silence," the old song Eays. , Everything was made ready, and the followingnight—fee night before h \- departure—we were quietly married i e qnaint little old church in one of th retired streets of New. Orleans. And Will ana I belonged to each other fo time «nd eternity_ . -- The sad parting came next day—p 1je -went back to northern while I returned toiny work, brighteaae only by the hope of meetii^jin the Bu mer at qniet Long Beach. \- - I am not a EnperBtitions UlUIIWI. had laoghedst Will for hisos^n drea oftheEttpanatnial and ids belief in a prophecy, but we had nrtfbeen parte whole month when jgCiiBthing very c •j ioli£~Eajppen>i. had written to m every day, audi -dear,-sweet? lettezB t they did mv heart good—kept it alive, .(act ~ " -- • ; But forthoee lettera 1 would have git cp uj7 hold npon - bope and- wxmld h But one ^ioileHBMaune. Ifdt a *4ran^s&pngBt;^|Bart—an ewfcd sense of shoulder. A cold bieeae crept over m deck; like a breath from the grave. I turned my eyes, aid there before m In the cold moonlight stood Will—m With a wild incredulous cry of ddigb and rapture, I flung my arms about hi —only to grasp empty air! No one n therel Will was gone! I fell to the gallery floorand lay ther like a dead woman. When I opened my eyes, the moon w shining down npon me, jnst as calm a cold and imperial as ever. I struggled to a sitting posture and gssed wildl about me. What did it mean? I was not at all superstitious, yet I felt that had seen my husband that just a truly as I had ever beheld his face in m life. The next day—no letter, and the nex still no letter. Oh, the anguish of hop deferred! The time had come now for me to to Long Beach, as I had promised him I would keep my word—no matter ho hard it might be, I would go there. I be—if that hideous prophecy had reall come true—at all events, I would kee my promise—my last promise to him So I went. Oh, the long,'dreary, inter minable days, with only the monotonou waters before me, the blue, blue sky a golden sunshine always the same. B made my heart faint and sick. I had written and written letter after letter Still no response. I fdt tfcat be wai dead. And no one could tell me, because how could his friends in the fa distant north know angbt of the south ern woman whom he had secretly we ded? A "fl so the dreary, endless day dragged by, and I still lived, heartbroke and helpless. I will never more laugh at superstition, never. Last night I saw him again. I had gone downto the beach in the moonlig and walked slowly and sadly np and down the white stretch of sand at the water's edge. All at once I saw anothe shadow mingle with my own upon th moonlit beach. I came to a halt and saw at my side—will. With a wild cry I attempted to grasp his arm, but there was no one there. I went back to the house and passed the night in np and down the floor like a mad woman. Today is his thirtieth birthday, cr would have been, but I feel that 119 ^m^fag is no more; that the vifdoafl have seen were warnings gent me of h ufate. Would Will have ceased to writ ȳ me—me—his beloved one—if be were d alive? I believe that I shall see the phantom once again, and then—then— shall go, too, for I feel that it is hi« y spirit • that • has come • back * for » ma • I So I havebeai sitting heroin the morn ing - sunlight thinbragr of the past. Can . one wonder greatly that my pen lies id and utterly refuses to produce the love tales - of others? Is not my own love stor -as sad a one as X can ever write? fr I hear the sound of wheels and glanc p listlessly from the open window at my h side. A carriage has stopped before th of gate. Two men are assisting a third t alight. They are him slowly tip the walk to the house. Be is evidently very ilL Why does my heart throb so weakly? I am tooweak to stand—to take a step forward. Oh, I will not allow myself to be deceived by mad, vainhopeel They reach the house at last and as sist the feebleform up the steps of th broad , gallery into my presence. Oh, fe, pitying heaven! It is WOl—Will, pate and spectral, a weak, frail invalid, bu Wffl all the same. It is some time befo - I folly recover from this trance of happ ness, and theo tanrth is made know He had been very ill with brain fever. N one could write to me because they kne nd nothing of me or my address, and he w- raving in delirium. As soon as he w able to attempt the journey he had se e out to return to me. - It was all ended now—that dreary n separation. Upon his thirtieth birthday, oh, so happy and hopeful, my W s, had come back to me, never to leave m •gain! tht 'I shall never more laugh at any on for being superstitious," I said the nex e day, gazing into the deep, dark eyee o 30 the loved one so happily restored tom ' Thank heaven that my superstitious e fears were not realized." I have never been able to account fo s, that strange fflnsion.To this day I can not make up my minfl what it was t r I had seem. d But it was not Will's ghost, sad tha ed is all I care to know, after all.—Toron 