THE HAUNTED HOUSE. | -Tlv r -vn examiner v.-iio pec-n -duty in a southern stale, was in vf-asiv ington for a ft-gek or tiro, as is .ihe-cus-r torn among t¥?.t elas? of public servants, and he was telling of what he- hail seen and heard in hi- bailiw^ k. "Oh. yes.'" iie-sa ; id, in response tn a query, "there wer-s "ha'nt?" th-.-re, for where are they not vsiiero th-<r darkey prevails? P!ut the real ghost of the whole section was in an oH house known as Harley Hall The old house was' nearly a hundred years old. and as far back as the peoj>le could remember, it liad the repui tation of being haunted This reputation had primarily grown out of the fact that in one of the great rooms of the'house was a door leading somewhere which had never been opened, as far as known, and which resisted every effort to open it. The room was wainscoted in oak nearly to the ceiling, and this door was; only about six feet high and three feet wide, and seemed appropriate as the entrance to a sveret chamber, it had heavy irow hinges and a heavy iron latch and staple. eaten deeply by the rust, when I srw "In response to a suggestion from the owner of the plae-, who was showing me over it and telling me tlie story of its ghost. I made an effort to get the door open, both by pulling at it and by put- ting my shoulder against it, and pushing with all my strength. I even went so far as to rig a kind of a clumsy jack against it to force it open, but it refused to budge an inch. I could tell thai it was a well made door by the sound it gave forth when pounded on. but there was no reason apparent why it should not open to reveal what was on the other side of it. "The story- wa? not a vc-ry weird one. consisting mostly of the rumor that 011 certain nights this door opened, and a former master of the house came forth to wander about. He had never done any harm or any good to any one, and 011 the whole the ghost story was rather tame, but the door was there, and there was a mystery about that which was still unsolved through all the years. "Last year the owner of the house, at my suggestion, opened the old hall for summer boarders, and I led the van and took the room with the mysterious ' -or in it. "Many's the night I've sat and watched that door, and" often of moonlight nights I've sat in the open window.waiting to see if the sweetness of the southern summer night would not tempt the old master to wander, but he never came forth to meet me. "One night, though,, came the revelation of the mystery- A curtain in one of the windows of a wfng of the house was blowi into a candle ll^me, and five minutes later lire was raging. Half an hour later the fire was out. but the wing adjoining my room had' lost its upper -half, exposing "the wall of the main building-. In the repair? that followed this wall was partly removed, and it was shown that tlie mysterious door was not a door, but merely a.j.bke 011 posterity, played by the original proprietor, who had a heavy piece of oak put in the wainscoating, and had carved it with his own hands to resemble a door The Tiinges and latch lie had put in to carry the trick to the very end: That door." concluded the narrator, "by actual measurement was foul-teen inches thick and solider than a stone wall; so that it was no wonder nobody could ever open it."— "Washington Star." 