| "mrUDD's CHRISTMAS EVE. I nnABLES GORDON ROGERS. Mr Natliauicl Judd sat before bis I crate in bis su«S library ou r gloffiDfc fc Tlie rogy coajs r.adint- CflS«iuifortable and soothing beat to Tmi- Tudd sat; and rue uauusome, i nn l uear by diffused a soft f fr diat seeiued to breathe a mild de- f . to the storm vrbieb raged sullenly „1U1 Uaslied its force against the I 0 hhMvindoivs as if angry that it was ' amied admittance to the eosy room. Mr f", in i,is quilted dressing-gown, and .-iioi'-e cigar between his teeth, rani and curled himself in the soft S of comfort of his easy-eliair as a doc-; who feels extremely and m- ' rssihly happy, particularly in a i isicil «'iisc. but whose actions indi te anything but a uou-irri tabic coudi- ""liuccd suua in" here!" murmured ur Tudd. "Ibither be in here than out Z'0 There are some poor devils out flue cold. I suppose. Sure to be. rwr devils! The world must have its for devils. I presume" 1 Mr Judd- was aroused from the semi- irriior into which he subsequently fell iff the consciousness of the presence of n 'second person in the room. He felt ihis presence suddenly and instinctively uv the chilling of bis blood and the Lie heating of his heart lie was al most afraid to turn his head to either side at iirst, but he shook the fear off, and looked around. Confound it!" he muttered, as he stared about, and saw nothing. "I must be drunk! It's that port, or too much of that hoof at dinner. I did eat a lot of it 1 was so hungry after the cold Uipht air. I'll turn up that lamp a bit, and liuish my novel." MrjmW. however, did not turn up the lamp's wick, nor did lie get. his novel ; for directly between his seat and the long-waisied lamp he saw a shadow- something that slowly grew upon his vision. something that made him breathe irregnlarlv and stare and grasp the lea thern a nits of his seat. What was it ? A. ghost, no doubt, though Mr Judd did iiot believe in ghosts. But it was a sym metrical ghost, with much promise of being ultimately substantial. Harder Mr indd stared, and slowly the sliadow rottuded into human form— rounded and deepened and grow, until there, before hint, with the face of an angel, stood — Jlrs .ludil! .Now. Sirs Judd had been dead five years. Hers had been a sweet and lov able nature— a woman with a beautiful and good face, a nature generous to a fault, and blind to a great many faults iu others. She had been in Ibis respect the direct antithesis of Mr Judd; and the result bad been perpetual dissatis faction on the part of Mr Judd, aud on Mrs .lipid's a sweet forbearance that had proved very irritating to her hus band, though she did uot know it. The two hoys site left behind seemed broken hearted. and even Mr Judd was sorry— for it while. But he got over it. aud packed the lads off to boarding school, aud then plunged into business with great zeal. And now bore was Mrs Judd come again— Mrs .Tudd seemingly in the flosli, yet spiritualised— an angel, Mr Judd could see at a glance. "Well. Nathaniel," said she, softly: ami Nathaniel started, as be recognised the sweet voice of liis late wife. "Aud are yon sorry to see rae?'! "Wh-what. Jessie? S-sorry to s-see you':" gasped Mr Judd, his teeth chat tering. "N'-no. cer-certaiuly uot. S-so glad to S-see you." "Vou look pleased," said the spirit of Mrs Judd. "And now, Nathaniel, what are your good intentions this Christ mas":" "Kit?" '"! mean what good things-charitable things-are you going to do? How many of the poor and sick and lonely are you goiug to hold out a kind hand to':" Mr Judd stared, and then sighed. Just the same Mrs Judd as ever! She badu't changed a bit. . "Tin afraid you haven't thought of what you might do," said Mrs Judd. reproachfully. As she stood there iu Iter pure white robe, with her golden hair flowing over her shoulders, and the ro-w. soft light of tlie lamp aud fire fall ing ni)on her face aud figure with the tender touch of mellow mooulight, Mr Judd thought how heavenly she was. "Ah. Nathaniel," she said at last, turn ing iior eyes upon him, "I see you haven't even thought of what you might do—you. with all your money and op portunities! Really, haven't you thought shout it at all?" "No!" Mr Judd almost pouted. "And the boys— where are they?" "At school, where they ought to be!" snarled Mr judd. "Two years ago I had 'em home, aud they knocked about so aud spoiled so much furniture and kicked up such row, that I registered a vow never to bring them borne again at this time of the year." "I know," said Mrs Judd. "I regis tered the vow myself." "Eh:" ejaculated Mr Judd. "Oh, well, I was prefectly justified. The Christ mas business is a proper swindle and sham, anyway." "And what are you going to do your self, Nathaniel?" Tlie abrupt question almost took Mr Tttdd's breath away. "Oh, .1 shall prob ably dine bere-bave a small roast and a pudding. Jane makes capital puddings! &ou; remember Jane?" Aud have you sent the bovs nnv- ! thing?" queried Mrs Judd. Her voice was almost melancholy. "No". Let tbeui eat 'their school din ner.' Mrs Judd said nothing in reply to this. She stood looking in the fire fur a few moments, aud then stepped back a card or so, until she stood behiud Mr Judd's ebair. Mr Judd felt irritated, but be al so became conscious of the fact that he could not move. He seemed under a spell. The white figure behind him stretched her arms iu a gentle, undulat ing motion above Mr Judd's bald bead. Mr Judd's bald bead sank until that gentleman's chin rested upon his breast, aud bis glance fell to a level with the coals. He felt drowsy, aud yet with every mental faculty alert. "Hang it all!'' he muttered. "I have boon drinking! Or perhaps it's the heat. I'll ring for Jane!" Miss Juud waved her fair hand to wards the grate. Mr Judd. mentally conscious hut physically incapable, saw a soft, white, and almost transparent cloud rise above the coals. Again Mrs Judd waved her fingers, aud a scene ap peared iu the cloud. Mr Judd saw au att ic. lie had never seen at attic iu real life, but be knew in stinctively this was au attic. It was a miserable place. There was no bright fire. There was scarcely any furniture, aud the room was bitterly cold. Mr Judd almost felt the cold of it blmself. and instinctively leaned for ward in his chair towards the grate, and in doing so got a better view of the attic. There wore some very thin aud pale- faced children there, too. Mr judd shuddered as he saw their wistful, spare faces. And ou a couch of some sort iay their mother— a miserable crea ture with tangled hair, and evidently in a fever, he heard her curse the day she had been married. Tlie attic vanished, and Mr Judd breathed hard. Then the white angel at his back motioned to the grate again, and a second scene grew in the cloud. It showed an office litis time. Mr Judd stared almost iueroduously. for he recognised the office. One of Ins own. unless he was very much mis taken! There was a man at the desk— a grey-headed man with a prematurely old face— who stared upon the page of the led acr before liim. aud then ou a sudden "folded his arms on it and laid his forehead upou the mean pillow of his sleeves. By all that was marvellous, thought Judd. it was Gaunt, his under- book- keeper! The fellow seemed to be pray-. "lir Judd's. eyes fell, strangely moist. No doubt Gaunt was crying, the prayer had sounded so sincere. Mr Judd raised his glance again to see: but Gaunt "was gone, and llie scon1 cliaugou. There was a tall, grey building now before liiin. Mr Judd knew it— the school where bis boys were, Ine walls of the school were evidently trau.— parent, like the cloud; for Mr Judd sa\> into the school. He saw the empty rooms, the empty halls. Tlie ontiie place seemed dedicated to gloom. Then the sound of feet caught Air Judd's ear — a sound that echoed stransrely down the bare halls, and jarred upou Mr Judd. And now he saw two lads wandering aimlessly down one of the corridors. They came nearer aud grew more distinct. He saw their faces— faces gloomy aud almost unboy- isli. But he knew thorn. They were his boys. He had uot seen them for a Ions time, and they bad grown, those bovs; but lie had uot forgotten. Mr Judd's heart was strangely stirred. Alt, thev were his sons, bis own. aud he loved them still! He followed them with eager gaze as they came down to tlie courtvard. and said good-bye to the last of tlieir homeward-bound com rades. He watched them with strain ing -raze as they waved their hands al ter tlie retreating carriage, and lie heard their faint and almost heartless cheer of farewell and iho sound of the wheels as they died away in the street. He followed them as they turned with =low steps into the grey school again, and were lost to his view as the scene flickered and paled aud vanished. The fire in his grate seemed to be "rowing dim. Mr Judd thought. But the silent figure he could not see once more waved a hand to the coals, and once more the curtain rose. There was a broad, bright strec-t this time. Mr Judd recognised it. He walked it every day of his life. It was Christmas Eve without a doubt iu tins street. There were a great many peo ple there — people whom Mr .Tudd knew. Thev looked so real that he was almost inclined to cry out to them. How hap py thev looked, some of them in then- furs with their merry faces and red cheeks! No poverty here, thank Hea ven 1 Every man seemed to be wishing Ins neighbor a merry Christinas witli tlie certainty of his wish being fulfilled. And how ga'v the windows were! Why. iie would have gone down himself if he had thought the city would be as joily as tbis! Nobody seemc-d to mind the storm It was nothing! Suddenly Mr Judd's eyes widened. What was this ? Here were people walking about the street who had no right to be there— no right by the law of common sense, no right by the law of men's belief. Why, they were more spectres! Pale, miserable beings, most of tliem, who stared at the splendid windows and the well-dressed crowd with envious eyes, Mr Judd thought. Aud their clothing was so mean he could almost see through it! Aud here came reeling down the street the man he had seen" iu the attic! If he did not take care, he would fall into the bauds of a uolieemau; but perhaps some blue- coat with more regard for human kind ness than the strict letter of his doty, who would take him home, as was very often done in the case of individuals more blessed in life — as had been done in his own case, Mr Judd remembered. Then here came Gaunt, his under- bookkeoper. slouching homeward with a parcel under his arm. Gaunt liad got through the work he had been ordered to do before closing up till Tuesday, in good time. Mr Judd thought. Gaunt l;eld his head rather higher, too, and his face seemed brighter, though he did uot bother about the shop-windows, and seeuied very eager about reaching his destination. And following Gaunt, with a slower and easier step, who came next wrapped iu his uk-gaut fur-lined coat, the usual choice cigar iu his mouth, his head higher even than Gaunt's ? Mr Judd stared and gasped. By all that was wonderful— himself ! His other self, however, while nod- diug cheerily to his well-to-do acquain tances. seemed wholly uuaware of those strange and miserable-looking people, those spectres, who mingled with the throng: for he elbowed them to the left and right, off the pave ment even, as if he did uot see them, or if he did. as if lie had no thought or regard for their rights as human beings. Whoever this impostor was, masquerading as Nathaniel Judd. Es quire, he must be told that tbis was nor the way Nathaniel Judd himself would act. It was au iusult! The blood stirred hotiy in Mr Judd's veins, and he put his hand to his throat as if he would strangle. He tried to cry out. but bis voice failed him. Tlieu with one supreme effort be spraug to liis feet, aud found himself— awake! no was quite alone. The angel, or whatever it was. of Mrs Judd had gone. The room seemed chilly: and no won der. for the tire was out. save one or two coals that glowed dimly through the aslies. Mr Judd shook himself aud walked to the window. The storm had passed, and the siars had come out. How brilliaut they were, and how steady, as they seemed to look straight at liim! Aud thou Mr Judd heard the clock in the hall strike twelve, and a moment later the 1 tolls rang clear and sweet to his ears the Christinas morning. Mr Judd stirred himself from the re verie into which he had falieu. and walked to the grate. He stirred tlie remnant of the fire, aud sat down in the big chair. "And I am really so. selfish ?" he muttered to himself. "Well, well! We will talk that over another time. Lot me see. If I go down town now. I can have those boys here by noon to - morrow. We must have some sort of a dinner for them, to be sure! And there's That brother of mine, poor devil! Wouldn't be a bad idea to have him aud his wife in. They can't have much, that's n fact. And i wonder how it would be to have Gaunt up? Soeuis a queer id-, -a. having one's bookkeeper to din ner! But I'd like to ask liim if lie really did pray like that iu tlie office! 1 wonder how much of a family he has? lie never told mo He might have ! And— aud those atrie people— oh. I am out of my head with this dream! Why. I suppose there are thousands of attics —like that! Well, we can see about that to-morrow. I must got Jane to work. I suppose site has gone to bed. I will rouse lier up. She will be tickled to death, poor old thing, about the boys coming home. Aud now. Na thaniel .Tudd, to send that message! I can telephone, to he sure: but I would like to be certain about it. Besides, the walk will do mc good: I feci as if I wanted it." Then Mr Judd roused his astonished housekeeper: aud after that be pulled on liis greatcoat and weut out into the shining night, with his heart more ntcrry and light, and his step more buoyant, than either had beeu for a long time. Aud as ho passed down the street, with the snow crackling be neath liis tread, he looked up at the great siars, and uneouseiousiy his lips breathed a prayer. 