SUNDAY SERVICES. No. I. ST. GEORGE'S CATHEDRAL. (BY " VISITOR.") Stone walls do not a temple make. To a traveller from the old world something more is needed than " long-drawn aisle and fretted vault, 'or "storied windows, r hly d ght, Casting a dim religious light," to convey the impression. There is a grandeur, a solemnity, which seems to coiise only by the lapse of centuries, when generation after generation has added its gifts to adorn and beautify the temple, and has passed away into the Silent Land. Such a grandeur, such a solemnity is not to be found in a church and a city which are but of yesterday. Some future benefactor of the cathedral will doubtless be able to repeat the historic vaunt. " I found it of brick ; I left it of marble." Mean- vvhile, this simple but spacious brick-built edifice will serve. The congregation is there, and the work is being done. Yesterday, being Whitsunday, the services and sermons had special reference to that time when "Not on one favored forehead fell Of old the fire-tongued miracle, But flamed over all the thronging host The baptism of the Holy Ghost" I found a fair congregation as- sembled at 11 o'clock, and a much larger one as 11.15. The Dean intoned the morning service, and the lessons were rend by the Rev. R. Johnston Coyle, who also preached, basing his discourse upon the words "Grieve not the Spirit of God, by whom ye were sealed unto the day of redemption." The text, said the preacher, speaks of benefits coferred by the Spirit in the past — "Ye were seated," stamped with His holy impress, with a promise of benefits to be conferred in the future, "unto the day of redemp- tion ;'' final and complete re- demption, without the possibility of further fall. These benefits involve corresponding obligations. "Grieve not the Spirit" who looks with pity upon human error and human sin: for the inspired apostle, speaking in the language of men, bids us not to grieve Him who, strictly speaking, can know no grief. We may regard the admoni- tions of our friends as arbitrary or mistaken ; but can we doubt the wisdom and the love of Him to whom all hearts are open, all desires known, and from whom no secrets are hid? Do we realise what St. Paul meant when he said — " The communion of the Holy Ghost be with you?" Do we realise that we are temples of the Holy Spirit, and that He dwelleth in us ? If we did realise this it would have a marvellous effect upon our actions, our words, and our thoughts — thoughts which are not responsible to human law or even human opinion. We should live nobler aud grander lives, we should breathe a purer and sweeter air, and we should be fitted to enter into that transcendent happi- ness of the Lord. In the ordinary morning service there was no anthem, and the canticles were merely sung to chants, as set in the Cathedral Psalter. But the communion ser- vice which followed the sermon was fully choral, the music being taken principally from Cambridge's ser vice in C. The introit, however, was taken from A. H. Brown's. Misso Seraphica, and the "Agnus Dei" from a service by Monk. The hymns introduced were "Gracious Spirit, Holy Ghost," "O Saving Victim," and "Come, Holy Ghost; Our Souls Inspire." The service closed with the "Nunc Dimittis." The number of com- municants was not large, but this is partly to be accounted for by the fact that three celebrations had already taken place. The choir boys did not muster their full strength, and consequently their voices occasionally showed signs of fatigue. In the evening the music was again of the simplest character, but special efforts are being made to ren- der the services in commemoration of the Queen's long reign worthy of the occasion. The dean preached to a. crowded congregation from 2 Cor. iii. 17 — "Where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty." He described the work of the Spirit as seen in nature — the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters, when the earth was with- out form or void, for the beauty and order of the primal earth had passed away. It was seen in the page of history, for the first 4.000 years were but a preparation for that time when the Spirit should come to guide us into all truth. It was seen in the history of that Catholic Church of which the Church of England was a part ever since that day when the Spirit came upon a few disciples — hardly yet a corporate body — and rested on them in tongues of fire. He was the spirit of beauty and order, of liberty and life. He produced order not by force, not by imposing restric- tions. "Our wills are ours, we know not how "Our wills are ours, to make them thine" It was the spirit that strengthened our wills for, often when we would do good, evil was present with us. It was the Spirit that inspired our affections to love not the things of time and sense which were too much with us day by day, but the things which were above, which were eternal. He was the spirit of liberty; He would lead, but never compel. His service was perfect freedom, to quote the words used in one of the morning collects. And in the Latin original the words were even more terse and forcible — "Whom to serve is to reign"— to have dominion over our appetites, lusts, aud passions. "You know — you cannot help knowing — that the service of sin is slavery. Look at the feeble, worn-out drunkard, who has Iong since lost the brief ex- citement which comes of drink ; but though the pleasures of excess have passed away, he in still tied and bound with the chain of his sin — he cannot get free. Look at the man or the woman who has fallen into the habit of using profane lan- guage. In this place we often hear the sacred name, to which every knee shall bow, blasphemed in the most horrible manner. Once it was so easy to resist the tempta- tion to indulge in such language — now it is so hard. Look at the man or woman who has fallen under the dominion of lust. How impossible — humanly speaking — to set them free ! Self-consecration is the first step — this will lead us towards likeness to Christ, and this likeness will lead us into the glorious liberty of the children of God." During the offertory, the or- ganist (Mr. K. A. Letch) played Wely's well-known "Hymn of the Nuns,' and at the conclusion of the service Henry Farmer's An- dante and Adagio in C minor and major. The instrument, which is by the well-known firm of Hill and Son, needs to be greatly en- larged before it can be considered worthy of its position. It ought not to be difficult to raise the requisite funds for this purpose. One point remains to be noticed. There are cards placed in the Cathedral which strangers are in- vited to fill up with their names and addresses, so that they may receive visits from the clergy— and this is well. But it is rather difficult for a visitor to learn who is conducting the service or what music is being rendered ; for no information is afforded on these points except in answer to special inquiries. 