The Chapel in the Desert. (By Ernest Favenc.) COCONUT, the blackboy. came up to the verandah grinning all over his face. A sure -ap® sign that he con sidered nis news important. If a blackfellow has particularly bad newssto report he always grins more than ever. Blacks share with the lower class of whites the love of im portance attach ing to the mes senger of evil tidings. This time, however, the news did not immediately ar fect my friend and host Munster, on whose station in Central Australia I then was. . 'Blackfellow bin come up,' said Coconut. 'Myall fellow nigger' — with great contempt — 'bring paper yabba,' and he handed Munster a. cleft stick with a much greased and dirty piece of paper in the slit, evidently folded by a white man. Munster took it, and read it over to him self, then out loud. 'To the owner or manager of the nearest sta tion. The writer, a mate, and a blackboy started from the head of the Gascoyne River (W.A.) to prospect across to the overland line. When near the boundary our camels got away, all but one we managed to secure. We could not overtake the others. We pushed on with the one, but my mate, Thomas Lawson, died of exhaustion. The blackboy went to a smoke he saw to look for water, and never returned. I kept on, but the camel knocked up. I was found in a dying state by a party of natives, and brought into a little soakage well, and am with the blacks now;, they are very friendly. 1 beseech you, whoever receives this, to reward the bearer, and come to my assistance. I have im portant knowledge in my possession, which will recompense you. The blacks will guide you back. 'AMOS DRYANT.' 'October 19, 1895.' We were both silent after the reading of this strange document. Then we questioned Coco nut as to the bearer. He informed us that the bearer was at the blacks' camp, waiting. He was frightened to come up to the house, so we should have to go to the camp to see him. Without discussing the matter we went, Mun* ster first going to the store, and taking out a couple of tomahawks and. a piece of Turkey-red twill. We found the messenger in the camp an evident myall of the myalls. After some trou ble, we found an old nigger who could fairly un derstand the stranger, and bi(rby bit pieced out the story. The messenger had not seen the white man; he was5with a tribe a long way to the. westward of his hunting-ground; the 'paper 'yabba' had passed through several hands before it reached him. Munster showed him the two tomahawks and the red twill, and had it explained to him that he would get one in the morning, when we started, and the other and the red stuff after he had guided us to his tribe. 'Tf I had given him. the tomahawk to-night,' said Munster, as we strolled back, 'some of those beggars would have got it out of him before morning. Now we will have a talk about this mysterious message.' We sat down on the verandah, and Munster said, 'You believe this thing to be genuine?' 'As far as we have got, it seems incontestable BO.' 'Good; so I think. You will come with, m*, of course, and we'll take Coconut; that will be enough.' -Now, the date of this message-, is October 19; man must have kept a diary, I sup pose; this is, November 12, eo it has been three weeks reaching us. .-Of course, that means no thing, for we cannot tell how long it has lain in the different camps it has passed through.' '''No,' I replied, 'the time is no criterion. The man may be anywhere within 300 miles. '- Munster got lip, and consulted a. map stuck tip on the wall. 'We are one hundred and twenty miles from the boundary; I know all the country that far. The chances are that he is still in West Aus tralia.' ?. ???.,...?- . ,? ' ? ' 'Can -we manage with horses as far as you know?' : -. . , -??.?-?? . '1 think so. We are pretty safe for water ?With niggers belonging to the country, . The only Jldng is that these myalls don't Snow how much water a horse -wants. A little soakhole that will do them they imagine will JBerve half a dozen ixorses. I've been let in like that more than -mce,' . . . ' 'What's this, important knowledge ae has in Jus possession, do; you think?'. . - 'That's the part I like least about It, as if any white 'man would not go after another fiith o^t waaUnB » brtbfi aeia out.' ?-\\. ''True. - But don't let us go out prejudiced, against the man. . It ,may have been written under the pressure of anxiety for somebody to come' to his rescue speedily. Neither you nor I would enjoy an enforced sojourn. in a blacks' camp.' We made our arrangements for starting the next morning, and before going to bed Munster made a copy of the message to take with us. 'I'm going to leave the original at home,' he said. ? Next morning at daylight -we were off, the nigger trotting along, proud I in the possession of his new tomahawk. We did not reach the place where his tribe was camped that day, but as Munster knew the country we got -water for the :night, anfl the next day, about - noon, reached the end of our first stage in the journey, the camp of the tribe the last messenger had come from. It would be wearisome to recount the details of the trip. We passed through three ^Tibes pfjiatiyes»before r£achinj^h.e one which sSraelt''bnsl1$0e' eastern, side^-of-'ii. wide, expanse ' ot dry country, while the tribe the white man wa* with lived *on tb.e far, or- western side.- None of the blacks would aecompany^jis.,--but, after much trouble, -we made out the situation and i surroundings ot*he place whereat expected to ^ind the lender 'of the letter, y Never in all xfs life did. I pjSs i through sueh-, ^Jcouhtry as we ^.versed'**n that stage.'. Spifal^' fex, spinlfex, the wholevfday long. ' In great banks 6ift and 7ft 'high^jBnpwing years of gradual growth; spinif ex- in rlhgffjand circles of eccen tric shape. Nothing elste but a few stunted bloodwood trees; underneath, hard rock and gritty gravel; overhead, cloudless sky and blaz ing sun. So we kept on until Munster, looking back, said, 'By Jove! there's a fire chasing us.' We pulled up, and looked back. The heavens were being quickly obscured by the dense black smoke of the resinous spinifex, and though it was quite calm where we were the fire was bringing a wind with it. 'We've plenty of time,' I said;' 'we'll start one ahead, here's lots of clear - ground about here.' We pulled up, and a few matches soon started a furious blaze ahead ot us that put us beyond all danger ,of being ' overtaken- :by the larger conflagration' One reads much of bush fires, but until a man sees a tract of old-man spinifex in action one knows nothing of them. The_elouds of black smoke, half shrouding the -leaping 'red flames, the roar and tumult of thfe. fire mingling with the wail of the miserable j trees as they bow their heads before it, and lift j them with foliage shrivelled and scorched. The j excited whistle of the swift- winged kites, keep- j ing in front of the names, and swooping down : upon the doomed vermin who only live in thb j waterless country, and are forced to fly from ; the advancing destruction. The slow-going j crows, with their sepulchral croak, following the 1 red ruin, and garnering what the fire and the kites have left them. All form a picture only to be witnessed in the heart of Australia. The fire swept by us on either side, and as we \ rode over the hot smoking ground we watched j it unite with the one we had started, and roar j on to the westward. j All the rest of that day we rode over a black- . ened scene of desolation, and camped at dusk on a . patch of stony ground that the fire had : overleaped. We tied the horses up, for there '? was nothing for them to. eat, and they would -j otherwise only wander .aiar in their hobbles, j We were all gloomy and ' dispirited, and spoke 1 but little,' munching our meal almost in silence, i We stretched ourselves on our blankets, and ? then commenced the 'torment' of the ants. In ; their creeping myriads they assai Jed us from all ' sides. Sleep, 'the blessed, thing, beloved f rom - pole to pole,' was impossible. All night we sat up, walked about, smoked, and prayed for j daylight. Those who picture the Australian desert- coun- try as a Saharalike expanse of sand-blown plain may learn- that the real desert lies in the spini fex-covered sandstone rises. The rain, when it falls, will turn- the sandy plain into an oasis of verdure, but -on the barren sandstone ridge, come rain, come drought, the conditions never alter. No bird life, but an occasional weary kite winging his tired way to same distant water, a belated owl,1 or the; speckled, whirring quail. No animal life but a startled bandicoot, or the prying bright- eyed little lizard. And over all silence, day and night, silence so complete that one welcomes the pound of the clinking hobble chains on' the horses as telling of something in the neighborhood that is associated with one's fellow man. No shade by day, and 'the infi nite torment of flies;' no rest by night for the 'infinite torment' of ants. And the coW, bright stars look down, unmoved, unstirred, cold in their immortal calm though man is dying be neath their gaze. It was nearly sundown the next evening and our horses were beginning to suffer somewhat when we emerged into a change of country, and knew that we neared our destination. As we topped a slight elevation a comparatively tree less expanse lay stretched before us, and we saw what we took to be the blue expanse of a lake, but which, in reality, was only salt mud; and1 the smoke of a blacks' encampment on its bink. We rode hastily forward, for this was the goal of our journey. The natives sprang to their feet, and shouted as we approached, and then a white man advanced to meet us. IL Amos Dryant was a man* of good' presence and of taking manner. Even after living with the wild blacks for some weeks he looked' neater and better cared for than either Dick Munster or myself.'*1 That he was also a man endowed with strong personality could be seen by the influence he had established amongst the blacks. 'Friends!' he said joyously, 'Is it an accident, .or did you by chance get my message?' 'We got your message, and started at once. The message reached us in three weeks, and it has taken us nearly a week to get here,' replied Mun ster. 'Kind and generous men,' said Dryant; 'I thank you now, but I will do more presently.' . ? Munster frowned. 'Liook here, old man, don't talk like that. We came to rescue a fellow white man, because we had the means at our command' to do it If we had not had the necessary ana'; terial we should have passed the job on to some body who had. We don't want to hear anything about recompense, it's not our style.' 'Where do the niggers get their water?' I interrupted, 'our horses will be getting into that salt bog directly.' 'Oh, I will show you,' said Dryant nastily, and he lea us to where three or four wells had been dug, about a hundred yards back from the saline swamp. We- soon had the horses watered and a camp fixed. There was plenty of good feed in the neighborhood, and for the first time for two nights we felt restful and contented. . We had brought out presents for the niggers, some Of whiah we had distributed on the road. We gave the remainder to Dryant to give to hie friends, and. they retired to their camp happy, and left us alone. Dryant; was enjoying the luxury of an unaccus tomed pipe, and Dick end r were .smoking silently. Somehow I did not feel the pleasure I had an ticipated in the successful issue of our adventure. Suddenly Dryant knocked out his pipe, sat up, and commenced his yarn. . ' . ..'. ? 'We started-aut from the head of tfce.Gasgt-yhe, lAWion, myself, ana the Wackbor. When %e «ot over the watersIieS* we reached a ;Io*ig; stretch of level country, sometimes grassed,k'at: ©Biter; times covered with spinifex and patches of inulga scrub. We had five camels with us.'and^g^oalbng very \\- well for about 300 miles, butD1E6\jmd.ii6-sicpuntry ; worth prospecting. Then we got; into low, stony ridges, and found a little' show in sonie pf the gullies, but nothing to pay.; Beyond we found some big quartz blows, and one of them seemed ;? pretty rich, quite good enough to' «d back to. j; This side we had a long, dry stage to 'cross. Wa,, had been two days on it, when one morning we./ were packing up, when we were surprised by a lot j of natives, who had , crept up to us, crawling | through a bit of undergrowth, near where wie were j camped. The camels were-not roped, and in the | confusion of beating the niggers off, they cleared | out, with the exception of one the blackboy mac- ; aged to stick to, and we never saw them again. : By the time we had polished of£ the blacks we ? found ourselves left stranded on a dry. stage, with ; one camel. ' ! 'We packed him with all we deemed most neces sary, and put the rest of our traps together in as safe a place as we could find, then started to walk. The next day. we made a brackish spring, and then came a singular discovery. We came to a patch of fine, well-watered country, j open, rolling downs weir grassed with little; ^sqiiare-topped knolls scattered through it, some Of them showing quartz seams, which we ex ainined, and found auriferous. Suddenly the blackboy uttered an exclamation of affright, and ' we saw him staring wildly ahead, and pointing ; with bis finger. Following the direction,, we ? saw the cause of his trlgbt.. Standing at the.: foot of one of the little knolls were about half ~a~] dozen deer. The stag, an old one, with large j horns, was in front, and the terror of the blackboy j was explained. . ?. . ?-._ 'The deer did not seem much alarmed.^but 'on. our approach they cantered away. It was l^aW-v sen's turn next to cry out, and no wonder; he had come upon a row of stones just showing above the surface, and these stones had been squared by hand.' Lawson paused, but neither, of us. made any comment. Fact is, we thought the 'maa, either^ off his head, or a liar. He resumed. _ .-—if*- '-v^. 'These stones seemed to. lead' straight ahead, and looked like the top of a wall that had been earthed up. They ran for nearly a hundred yards, and then . ceased. There was a springr there, and we camped and proceeded -to Alnfcesti^; gate. We found nothing that day beyond; a^e&p;^ taining that it was the top of a wall of ?vSq.uSsefl;.? stones, but on the.eext we found an opening Jih1 the ground, and when we had cleared it away we found rough stone steps descending seemingly into the bowels of the earth. We fixed up some lights, and went down these steps, which, after all, did not go very far. The air was dank and mouldy-smelling, but not poisonous, and we look ed round the place where we found . ourselves, and to our astonishment saw that we were in a little chapel with painted walls. The painting was rude, but good enough for us to -understand. The subject was always the same, although differently treated — blacks, natives, being converted by a party of priests. In some they wire being bap tised, in some they were 'kneeling before an up lifted crucifix; and in others' they were lying dead, and white angels were rising from their bodies. 'There was a large carved crucifix fallen on the ground, that had formerly stood upright, and there were many relics of some sort or another lying about in more or less perfect' preservation. It was rather oppressive down there, so after a.bit we came to the. surface and. investigated there', but could make nothing of it, beyond that, at change in the formation of the surface had taken; place.' * :??;'-:' : Lawson- ceased. ? : -? -,::r.-Jvr.1 'Is that all?' asked Munster. ? , ? 1 'Yes, we started in here to get a fresh outfit, and got on the dry stage that finished us. Lawson knocked up and died, as I told you; the blackboy went to a smoke, and never came back; and I kept on until the camel gave . in, and when I ! was just at the last gasp, a party, of these fellows came along and carried me to water.' 'How far away are these ruins?' j 'Across the dry belt, about one hundred and fifty miles, I should say.' . I 'Can we get out there with our horses?' I asked. . . . ?'' ? 'Now you could, for a heavy thunderstorm has fallen since I came here,, and there are rock holes there that would hold water for months.' 'Well, we have plenty of rations, and our horses are in good fettle; what do you say to going out now, at once?' asked Munster. , ; . 'I'm agreeable,' I replied. ''We're here now, and it's not worth whiie going back to the station/' : 'What do you say, Mr. Dryant, will you come? ' We brought a spare horse and saddle for you to ride back on.' ' . For some reason I thought that Dryant did not like the notion of- piy going to this place immediately, but he answered readily enough. 'Very well, I will go back with you, and take you '?there.' 'That's settled then,' said Munster. 'Horses to-morrow, piccaninny, daylight,' he called out to Coconut, who kept close to us, and had not made friends with the blacks. 'How do you account for the ruins?' I asked Dryant. . 'Only the. one .way. Australia '?was -yisite'd Tjy early Christian missionaries centuries iagri; a JtKbui sand years, perhaps. They f ormed\a^colfeey7 and converted many of the natives. Some catas trophe blotted them out,' The stars were still shining -when we finished our breakfast and started packing- up, and with the pink flush of dawn at our backs we started on our way to the mysterious ruins. It was a dreary ride through the dry desert country, but we made a long stage, and reached one of the rock holes Dryant had spoken of. As he had predicted, the thunderstorm, had replenished ft, and 1% was new full. Next day the way was just as weary, and about 4 o'clock we came to another rock hole tolerably full, but evidently it had only felt the outskirts of the storm. We watered out horses and then pushed on till after dark, as Dry ant said that there was a strip of grass country on ahead. When we reached it we campea, and reckoned that the next day, if the travelling was decent, we might reach the edge of thtT patea of good country, which Dryant described as equal to anything in Australia. .'By the way,' said Munster .In camp that night, 'didn't you say jtfc#M the boy went after a smoke and never came back?' .'?-'- ' ? ?-Funny the fire didn't travel at all; the somites ' is dry enough; but we passed over no burnt; country.'- ?? '? - - ??? -':?.?=- .: ; ti»o 'It was a fire right CTpugb/' : returned I-ryMp^ Next day, towards ffifkfternoonV^e* scrub p^'-: gan to close in on iis/ni03dn£ puri-rpgress with' the pack horses slow fand v;fllSjjSuJ(vr * Suddenly., we emerged from the .scrub '^thoui~W&nihg;», andi found ourselves on the summit ;pt'^fbw, sloping* rise, lopking over one of ; the' moi picturesque scenes I ever saw in AuB.d&lia-; ~'f ^^ The gentle waves, the open ^^ihtay, timbered here and there with slumps of trees and bushes, stretched jto the - western inoityson. Broken by the. quaintntitle s^uaTc-topped kffoUs' or; bijioeks thai Dryant ^fljsbpken of, dotted about here ana there. Cta;*lg^KBui ol jHi-. 'th« line ot bledc scrub extended norm fe^ia south like -a boundary wall, '? separating f erottijty from desolation. It only .? wanted a lofty tier of ranges in the background to complete the picture; -but that; of course, we could-t pot expect in. Australia. After a long pause'df-adnTiratidn^weTodeon to where Dryant - said there was-spring, and turned our horses on to the- .luxuriant feed. ,..; Poor devils, they had been ! on short' commons ;for-two nisbts. Next morn ing .we.wqre.cfearfy in the saddle, and in a couple of hours' time-Jhad /reached the camp of Dryant aud £isj; .unlucky .mates. .,... ;-!?'' .: . '?';? HI. A : O4r first inspection was of what Dryant had ?called ;lbe. tepvof a wall; but both Munster and . I agreed that it: was the beginning of a large and ambitions building. The stones were neatly laid and fairly well squared, the workmanship, though rough, haying evidently been carried out on an orderly. j)laa-.-. We next went to the buried chapel,' aha, 'beihg^ well provided with candles, j were able to inspect it and its strange contents ! with ease. --.- ? Truly, the paintings were, astounding, both from the effect produced i-y tile common pigments used, and^ihe marvellous state cf preservation they were in. There were four large pictures' evident- ly intended for the education of the natives. In one they were represented horrible and bestial in appe.al'ance,;.fightingv,,and dancing mad war dances. In the next. ..{hey knelt before a group of monks, who -stood beside a; .cross and preached to them. In the thiriTthey were receiving baptism, and now they were represented without any of the wild ap pearance of. the early picture; their weapons lay neglected on -the ground, a sign that they had abandoned 'their savage warfare. The last of the series represented the souls of the dead blacks ascending to heaven in the guise of white angels. .Though painted without perspective, they were \--sufficiejitly .^.graphic . and realistic to at once at tract She ' attention of a savage, and moreover (here was a rude kind of genius displayed in their 'execution that was especially marked. There were niany other smaller paintings, chiefly portraying the crucifixion. Evidently the work .'?tmls c-ne..oij very early Ohrii-tianity. The Jarge 'cwieifix'EiSat-Aha.d fallen dawn was fashioned out ^6Lainilga,'~aBd'i.ingenaously carved. As a relic its vatSe was p_riee]ess- It was nearly fcosiMeed. We ascended again, and Munstsr proposed that we should, take a ride roumd and try and discover gsLj/F/jQcrre rama&ns; of this aocient mission station. ^D^ant excused himself on the p-lea of fatigue. \ Co&^;ut'~laj':ent with tus to mind our horses if we fijad^jtviijMore any .place cm foot. We were aiway aiofigiiime, 'but found nothing except, from the shape of one of the knclla, we judged to be 13ie quarry frcan which the stone ihad been obtained; but ^il actual signs of w-ork time and weather had obliterated. It was nearly 4 o'clock when we re turned to camp, and ?fonuid it deserted. There was I mx- sign pi Dryant anywhere. Shouting and oooee tog produced no -answer; nor did 'he turn up before dark. We indulged in many suTonSses, but could make' Tqtt S?f^s '-** it. Wherever ihe (had gone, ihe ?b3«T (gpiie'on foot, for nane of the -hjOT&es;^ was aWay. -We could do nothing till morning, except keep a good fire burning, and fire ofi an occasional eTnot po let Mm tonow the position of the camp. . During -the night both Musster and. I were haunted by on idea that we WHiHd hear a noise | ?like muiHed ?.shouting. ot shrieking. We only heard j it . when we ? werfe-.-l'jping dawn. On Bitting up to] listen ail was'. silsnij;'! This, combined ^th the] strange absence. O'f.'Bjryant, caused us to pass a restlecB night: 'At- jiie earliest dawn we were aJoiot looking .£o-r.'- tiiasks, but could not do any .good. Osir 'horses- haS. fed clo^e, round and round the «a.mip, and. obliterated all tracks.- The day passed in a fruitless search. We visited .the chapel again and examined 'if. thoroughly, but found noth 'fie mtire'than we had seen before. That night I was awakened by a movement in the camp, and opening my eyes, ?wittoouit moving, I saw; in the /dying moonligiht, a dark figure prowl in'g jou-nd bur. pack bags. Munster lay within ? reach,' ?. of / me, ;and I managed to quietly awaken fcinu The : figure was stooping,- with ite back to iwarde us, . and simultaneously we both sprang up end rushed at. \ Jt 'was a. naked MackfeMorw, and after an ineffec tual struggle he .-gave in, and we led him up to the fire. . To our ast»nMLment he addressed us in tolerable- English, and explained that he was tafc ing some rations for a wliiitefello.w. ?'' 'What name whitefellow?' asked Moineter. ? 'Lawson,' said the boy to cur amazement. 'What for Ijaweon no come up?' I a:-ked. The. boy, whom we had rrdeasod, . for he evi d-enMy had no intention of rmm-i-ug away, tapped his forehead and shook 'his head. Evidently Law eon was -wit of his mdnd. We made the fire up, gave the boy, whose name ?was 'Monday, a feed, and while 'he ate he told his story. T2sat he was the boy who had accompanied Dry ant and Lawson we already guessed; and his tale was as follows: , ?Soon aftsr the start tine bwt- coenmenced quar relling, the row having arisen through Lawson baving In hie possession what, from the 'boy's de ecriiptiian, was evidently a woman's photograph. All thuojugh the trip the aissensi-o-ne grew mare aid .more bitter, untii, acooriing to Monday, he ?aaaiy. expected to see 1310111 oooot -one another. The iosp-'-of the ea-msile put a stop to it for a time in their comini&n; mdeforbu-ne, but it broke out worse than ever after their arrival in the good country and discovery of lie ancient mission chapel. 'iV-One day, when Monday was absent from the r'«a2riip /doing a bit of hunting, he returned to find £Jia^o-n.ha4 vanished. Dryant told him that I/»v eoji'-haJliiggjne on by himself, and told him to help ? packaffljie\^«cniel, as ihe was going to start after him. ,tbat?e^nig!llL They started, but saw no sign of , Ijawson. JBhen he grew suspicious, and ?determined to bolt at %e firet opportunity, for he concluded . Dryam| jiad killed lawscm, and would kill him ji«5i%i?5VJh.en they were travelling the next day j te'v-prbt'ended to see a smoke close handy, and j ''?root .off to look ait it, and as hoo-n as he was clear j away he' made 'back as hand as he couJd. He ar rived at the place where we then were at the end ol the ?Bhird day's absence. He laid down to reet and titiink. He was Lawson's boy, having been ?w5th him before the two joined, and ihe did not own any aU6g*anee to Dryant. Wihile resting 'he heard 'the same strange sounds that had distmpbed uis. They frightened him. ter ribly at first, but being ehajp-eared, he recognised something in the mysterious voice resembling has missing -master's. He recovered his courage, and. ! traced the sounds to a patch of scrub clcse at fje ; back of our camp. He finally located them ae j coming fromi under a big round . boulder that s ?wart there. He tried to 'move the boulder, but it | ,'rasisted ihis efforts, until he worked round to 1 ? one iparticular side, and ?then it rolled away easily. Below the beuMer was a large hole, and ! , (Erom tihds hoQe came the voice of has master. How to get him out he did not know; but at last, for tunately, having taken his tomahawk wjth him when he bolted — a ?b-lackfollow never forgets that —?he thought of cutting down a couple of oapiings aud 'putting them down ttte hole, and by the aid of these Lawsom clambered uip until Monday could get ihold of him. The ,poqr Trretch had been thres days, in SiiB 'horrible .prison, which was a large j iHsdergrousd cave, t(he hole being in the roof. He j ?Wias nearly exhausted and half .mad when Monday f rescued Man. When he &ad; drunk' Ids £31 he WanS ?. t&jm; off tin e stupor, am& so remained for a long time, ^3 When ihe recov-ered, hie ibrain was dbscurad, and ha * vn was insane, and talked continually to himself. - 'xM W'hen we afterwards oaane to examine the cave - 'KM ana dts- oeoupa-nte we did not wonder at tMs. -,^§1 Monday bad kept himself and tihe unfortunate - ^9 i»ian alive toy -hunting ever since. On our arrival ]M| La'wson Ihad hidden, hie senses partly Teturned-r-. *#? enough to (make (him mature a plain of revenge. \j|| 'While we were aiway -they had stolen on Dryajrt; *;J| overpowered him, and dragged -him to the hola jfl ana thrown him headlong into the cave, then re- '*f| Placed the boulder. 2S 'And ie he there stiM?' cried Minister, Jumpiingf SSil UP- ? ' ' ' ^:'=|| The iboy nodded in tihe- -most matter-of-fact wayv i-$SB 'Come on; show us where it is. We must get '-tii| (him out!' And we iha»3tened to the spot. ' «f It was not many yamds from, our camp, t-ut tha '''''I'M lir-dergiiowith ihad concealed it isrom. our view, '-'sa Monday showed us Che side to tackle the' boulder* 'f'$m and it rolled easily off the hole. ' ^S 'Dryant!' 1 cried. There was no answer. I ; '5a called again, but all W20 eilent He had eitbsr 'M sunk into unoonscicusness or death. We brought *£» ?Hghts, and peered into the ghastly oubliette, but --M the lights were not strong enough. -^ 'We must go dowm,' I said. With surcingles : |i and tent-rope, we had soon, a line ready, and made .' ';*e feet. Munster went flret It was about twelro ? ??-| feet to the floor of ine cave. I followed, and \m -:fl held the candles aloft. ' M It was a fairly large cavern, with a few stalactites *M In it; but the contents ! O horror ! f| The cavern was of limestone origin, and arourii ~M lay heaps of human' bones and skulls fossilised bjf ..ig the water that ocoasionEilly flooded the place; now ~$£i it was dry. Dryant's body lay on tbe ftoor, tirer 3 fa.ee hideously disfigured and mangled. Wtth ?» -3| sickening shudder, we noticed the cause. A huga * 'H lace lizard, the fleah-eating iguana, gorged aal ' .^ asleep, lay coiled alongside the dead man. Y'$ Both our revol vests cracked together, and *^t '/.. sfi ohacena reptile stretched himself out. cmivema* '^ in death. ^^ '-CM Tfcen from dark corners and nooks, Mdaous creep*- ' *?| ing things came out and looked at ua with, hungrjl ??:''!$ eyes. Startled bate brushed our faces with sofit* V3$ repulsive wings, anri t&e; place seemed full of 3mh*» «?*; rible and unnatural creations. r ' ^| We fired again at the foremost of them, and'tiWtf- ?J a stalactite fell with a crash to the ground, and % tfaey disappeared to cracks and crannies. 'Gat .1 the body out quick, or we shall both go mad,''«I - hf called out, springing forward. We put our eamcEfea ? '-'q down, and carried the mangled corpse to the hale* 3 made fast the m^ of our line round the aoouldsn^ . . '??:% and swarmed up ourselves, as quick as we cotdd- 'Vsg We drew tine body up, and laid the poor wretch: oa 'M tbe ground, and covered the half-eaten &x;» viitSk 'is a handkerchief. Thaa we rolled the borildBr back* M and closed the mouth of that hellish pit, I hope fan W ever. . ' ':f We went to camp, and Munster got out a botOS : ?| of brandy we. had brought in case of accidents,, and *\»; we both drank about two etrong nips rolled into 'M one. ' '? Jj| 'By heavens! I shall dream of that piece ? «EE il my life,' I said. ,A ? 'Fancy that unfortunate wian being down therg ? ? ^ for three deys. Ugh! No wonder he is mad.' t '&J; acked MaruJaj'- If he knew -where to find Lawraaffl, ;-| and take him some food. He said he did, and wa ':i st-nt him off, telling dim to do his 'best to*ga8 ... '}- Lawson: to come to us in the morning. if; 'What's the meaning of the bones in that place?*8 ,^ I asked, when we were smoking. 'They hand '??'$ been there for centuries — they are stone now.' ?: 'I thought it might have been a burial place o£ ?)? first,' returned Munster, 'but from the way tha* ;?? boulder blocked tha entrance I vtWnir aamsthiiiS ? worse.' v 'What's that?' 'Once a Tna-n -was put down there, anfl th&tstcngS; ?,; rolled over, escape would be utterly impossible, wouldn't it?' ? - j 'It would.' 'Perhaps refractory heathens who rafuseSo/fel ' - accept Christianity were put down there for tbd ; glory of God. Worse, or as bad, was done ia -? America. And also up here in the Bast Indiea' . v We were eilent for some time, both thinking wiS*K - had batter not be put on paper. ^ 'I wonder how Dryant got Lawson down, there?1* -.^ 'Unless he recovers his esnsee w© shall never1 know. Probably they found the place, and Lawson, j foolishly descended to look at it. The rest woultf be easy.' ^; 'Good gracious,' I said, 'why, that hateful placet ,':: comes right underneath, here. If there are any '^ cracks about eome of thesa amiable creatures may. :?: p?y us a visit.' . . ..* 'Don't talk about such thiags,' said Munstery -/ and we dozed and chatted till daylight. At day- .-?; light we dug a grays, and were about to bury HbS body, when Monday and Lawson came up. He ;? seemed quiet, but quite foolish, although he smiled '-?!?? sad shook hands with us. We had cewn the corpse ; up in a blanket, so Laweoa did not see it. We .J. lowered it in the grave, and I eiid what I could . . : remember of the burial service over it. Then we ' *?. filled it in, and devoted our attention to the living. '; We remained there nearly a week trying to fuxl . *: some clue to the story and fate of the heroic men ,. who hod penetrated the centre of ancient Aus tralia and built a Christian chaoeL But all our trouble was ueales?. a'jWhere-they came from and , '; what was the catastrophe which smote them W9 ??? could not find out Time had choked up then' buildings, had buried their secrets, and the pictures ._; on the chapel wall only told of their life-work. ,-?| The mystery was as impenetrable as the presence ??- of the little herd of deer one of which we vainly | tried to get a shot at. ? ' s Before leaving we put a cress over poor Dryant's -:;;j grave. Poor deviL he paid heavily for his sin of -.£ attempted murder. La wean was perfectly quiet, and ? -| seemed to partly understand us, but the shock '; to his brain had been terrible, and no wonder. The ; .^ weather was favorable and we gat home by easy :S stages. We saw Lawson placed under medical j|| care. His family, residing in Melbourne, took, charge f-j of him. I hear he is recovering, but all allusions (- .^| to the past have to b& avoided. Munster gladly - \ .-t| took tbe faithful Monday into hSs employ. .He has ^}!^ written down- to me to get a camera ready, ana .. ,g come up and join h'rn in another trip out there ^ex* . 'j$z year. ? ? ? . '-^ Lord Wolseley is extremely superstitious; indeed, '??. he once owned, in a leter to the members of the - ,;'i Thirteen Club, that while in Ireland he had worn :5 out several hat-brims through saluting single mag- ^ pies, and that he would not, 'on any acount,' walk: j; under a ladder. He also believes in ghosts, and yi can tell eorne exceedingly strange stories of- seg-^ ;;; mental spectres. is Many years ago Mr. Gladstone, speaking- of 316% :i Parnell, made 'iiee of the oft-quoted. phT£se, . a§ '?^?nrihi-rvg through rapine to the disanamtoertment ::f| of the empire.' On the same day there was ai :| horse rsaee, an which the winners were respective' ^ ly Veracity, Tyrone, and Lobster. These facts \\-M were cabled to New Zealand together, in the usual '-| shorthand style of the cable. The result was tiiat ;;g ?next day the New Zealand papers contained tha -'*| following extraordinary paragraph: 'Mr. GJaxfctone ;|| denounced Mr. Parnell as marching- through; rapins -,*£ to the dismemberment of the empire, and said that ;'-| the Irish leader had the veracity of a T-ynxne -/$ lobster.' ? ?? ' £ REHEARSING THE BALLET. MODELLING. S^ 