The Gem Finders of Arnheims Land An Australian Story By Captain Lacie PART XII. For fully five minutes the party stood gazing into this strange amphitheatre in mute wonder and surprise. As they had more time to get accustomed to the light, the curious scene became clearer, and the spectators more impressed with the wonder- ful spectacle. The monstrous lineaments of the graven images stood out in bolder relief, and the awe-struck beholders marvelled, and asked each other who could have done the work. Rennie broke the silence : " I have read that traces of rock carving have been found in Northern Australia, and perhaps we have discovered one of the most perfect monuments of a dead race which exists on the continent." " Yes," answered Preston, re-assured by the remarks of his friend. " These horrible drawings must be relics of work done by the aboriginals in long ages past. I never saw such a sight in my life. It quite terrified me at first, as it was so unexpected. We must make a thorough examination of the place, and be careful, for this place may be sacred to the blacks, and, if so, they will fight to prevent it being desecrated." " I don't think so," Wills answered " They have few sacred places, and I feel sure this is not one of them. It may be used for some purpose of their own, though I doubt even that, for, as a rule, they are far too superstitious and cowardly to enter such a spot." " And yet we saw two come into this hill," retorted Preston. " Yes, that is true, but there is a master- mind not far away who has probably made this his stronghold ——" The further remarks of the sergeant were interrupted by a cry from Savage. " Look ! Look there !" All eyes were turned in the direction indicated, and as they peered down the long southern corridor of rock, a strange figure ought be seen at the end. It could not readily be distinguished whether the object was a man or a fur-clad animal like a bear." It was something clad with, or wearing, a natural cover of fur ; that was plain. " Man, beast, or devil, I will have a shot at it, anyhow," Preston said, raising the rifle to his shoulder. As he did so the object disappeared behind a ledge of rock. " I suppose it is a black, clad in skins," Rennie said. " By Heavens, it may be the man we're in search of," exclaimed the captain, picking up his torch, and running quickly in the direction of the place where the figure had stood. He was followed by his comrades, and when the spot was reached a number of passages were seen branching off in various directions. Most of these were examined for a considerable distance, but the result was fruitless. " We would never find anyone in such a place as this," Barrows exclaimed. " I think we had better get back to the Chamber of Horrors, captain," Rennie said. Seeing it was useless to waste further time in such a quest, the whole party went back to the amphitheatre and began a minute examination. " Why, these are bones," Wills cried, as he approached the first pile of what looked like jagged rocks or pieces of wood. " Bones, sure enough, and gigantic ones, too," the doctor added. As the exploration continued, it was found that the whole floor of the vast vault was strewn with bones of animals which must have lived thousands of years previously. Rennie, who was well versed in paleontology, declared that the huge re- mains belonged to the mighty diptrodon or gigantic sloth, which was extinct beyond the memory of the white man. There were also the remains of the huge kangaroo, which preceded the present degenerate species, and also bones which the doctor thought be- longed to the extinct Australian hyæna. None of the party were Owens, or, if they had the great naturalist's love for his profession they would have been loth to tear themselves away from such an interesting graveyard of the mighty dead. The most extraordinary feature of the examination was, however, revealed by a study of the walls on which the rude sculptures of a dead race were hewn. Interspersed with the horrible represent- tations of half-human faces, hideous as the features of Medusa, were rude drawings of enormous animals. " Those who drew these things must have lived co-eval with the now long- extinct animals," Dr. Rennie remarked, as he stood opposite to what purported to be a dip- trodon. " Yes, I suppose so, or how else could they draw them ? But what about these faces ?" Barrows asked, looking up half in disgust, and half in awe at the hideous drawings. " Oh, they we probably mere fanciful pic- tures. Allegories mayhap, or perhaps that is how the sculptors of those times had re- venge on their enemies in caricaturing them," Rennie jocularly returned. " The queerest thing that strikes me is what tools they used to cut this rock. It is as hard as steel," Preston added. " Yes, but not as hard as flint, which most likely was the material used in the work. I notice, too, that the rock in this chamber varies from almost a dark red to pure white. That gives a very striking effect, and the place shows the wisdom of the ansient sculptors in selecting it," the doctor answered. Conversing in this manner, the party gradually made a tour of the great chamber, and its interesting relics. It was 4 o'clock when Preston looked at his watch, and the explorers decided to leave. They did this with regret, for they felt there was yet a great deal to see in the strange place. They noticed that the light which came through the roof was brought down by the queer circular openings which they had ob- served on the summit the previous day. It was indeed quite probable that these had in ancient times been artificially formed, for it was hard to believe they were simply nature's handiwork. On the eastern side of the great cavern a number of passages radiated, but the explorers had not time to search them. " On our return we may be able to devote another day to this place. It is well worth it," Barrows said with fervor. Preston, who had been unusually silent, now spoke. " I have an idea that Leichhardt is hiding in this retreat. We must make a further search at the first opportunity. He may be gone a little here," the captain concluded, significantly tapping his forehead " That might be so," answered the doctor. " What with the sufferings he must have endured, and the awful solitude, they would be quite enough to unhinge a man's mind. Besides, he may have been injured on the head, either by a fall or in an encounter with blacks. Poor fellow, I would like to find him." Whilst he was speaking, they were moving out of the amphitheatre into the branch passage which led to the main out- let, or entrance. Wills was leading, and as he stepped round the sharp ledge the torch he carried—having just re-lighted it to go down the passage—was taken from his hand and thrown to the floor. At the same instant he felt the pistols which he carried snatched away. Instinctively he clutched at, but failed to grasp them, and then he sprang back with a warning cry of alarm— " Stand back ! Seek shelter !" he ex- claimed, expecting every moment to hear the reports of his pistols. The torch which was knocked out of his hand flared up, but nothing was to be seen. " What's the matter ?" his comrades cried in alarm, at the same time seeking shelter as best they could. " Someone, or something, has stolen my pistols and we are caught in a trap," he exclaimed. The situation was indeed serious. The unknown and invisible thief could shoot two of them from his vantage point, and know- ing the place might effect his escape. For some minutes the party remained irresolute, but at last the gravity of the position forced itself upon them. " We must do something," Wills said. " The fire of our enemy ought to be drawn. It is not likely if it is a black that he will have ammunition. Once the pistols are emptied we can make a rush." It was Preston who spoke, but he was immediately asked by Barrows. " Into which two of us are they to be emptied ?" That was indeed the point, but it would have to be solved. The opening leading to the passage was not more than eight feet wide, and it seemed like courting death to facc it. Nevertheless, it at last became apparent that a dash would have to be made, and a consultation was held. " I'll go first," Preston volunteered. " No Cap., let me take that post ; your life is too valuable to be perhaps lost," Barrows immediately replied. In a moment each man was asking for the dangerous leadership, and the contest showed how well selected the members of the expedition were. There was not a man amongst them that was not pre- pared to make the greatest of all sacrifices on behalf of his fellows. At last it was arranged that Preston and Barrows should run abreast through the opening, and the remaining three follow in the same order. This would be safer than taking it in Indian file. Getting as near as possible to the fate- ful spot, a dash was made, as decided. The passage was readied and passed without the expected shots ringing out. Wills, as he ran by, stooped and picked up his torch, but at a signal from the captain they were all put out. Holding them alight would simply show the enemy where to fire. On reaching the main entrauce in safety they were dismayed to see that it was in total darkness. Groping their way along, they at last reached the end, but not a gleam of light penetrated. " What a fool I was not to leave some, one here," Preston muttered. One of the torches was now lighted, and an attempt made to find the aperture by which they had entered, but in vain. " Do you think we have come the right way ?" Savage asked anxiously. " Yes. I took careful note of the passage as we entered, and I am sure this is it," Mills answered, " but it seems to me we are caught like that fellow in the Arabian Nights, who got into the cave and forgot the magic password when he wanted to get out." It was certainly no time for jesting, and the whole party lighted their torches and set about finding the square stone which closed the entrance. The grass and leaves which were placed to break its fall had been removed, and they could get no clue from them. The fitting of the stone was a marvel of ingenuity, for it took nearly half-an-hour to find it. Barrows at last hit upon the spot, and with the aid of their swords the stone was at last prized back. Each man drew a deep breath of re- lief as the welcome daylight poured in, and they hastily clambered out. The last to leave was Rennie, and as he stepped out a loud shout of hoarse laughter sounded from within. " That's the most uncanny place I have ever been in," Barrows said, with a slight shudder as they listened. No one replied, but after waiting for a few minutes, and the invisible laughers not repeating their merry performance, Preston said : " Let us try and put up this stone, though I suppose if we do not others will.'' For five minutes the party tried to do as requested, but the attempt was an utter failure. It was quite impossible to fix it in position. When raised there was no means of getting it into a perpendicular position. Unlike all the stones covering secret en- trances which are mentioned in legends this slab had no ring to hold on by, " There is one lesson to be learned from this," Rennie remarked, as the party turned away towards the Lucinda, " Whenever anyone leaves that extraordinary cavern there must always be one or more left be- hind to close the entrance." He was right in his surmise, as will be seen later on. When the Lucinda was again reached it was near sunset, and each member of the party were quite satisfied with the result of the investigations made at " Haunted Peak," as the place was now named. In- deed, when they looked back at what they had gone through, a stray thought would steal into their minds that they had acted in a rather foolhardy manner Going into such places in the way they did was like courting death, and it struck them all a strange that the Unknown who snatched Wills's pistols away had not attempted to use them. This question formed the subject of nearly an hour's argument that evening over the excellent meal which their comrades who were left on board had prepared for them. " It must have been no other than Leich- hardt himself who did it," Preston stoutly maintained. " If there were monkeys in this region I would be more inclined to say it was one of that species which did it," Rennie answered. " It could not have been an enemy who took them. In such a place he could easily have shot two of us down as we passed him," was the argument Wills used. " Are you sure it was a man. It might have been the ghost of one of those monster figures we saw sculptured on the walls," Barrows interjected. " It was a very tangible ghost at any- rate," the ex-sergeant retorted. " Perhaps it was a ' darkie,' and he did not know how to use use weapons," Savage suggested. Though a general laugh went round the table at this, there was a good deal in it, but again Preston returned to his favorite theme. " You know I am the only one alive, I am sorry to say" (with a glance at Bar- rows) " who saw that white man. It was not more than twenty miles from here where he was camped, and something in the appearance of that object we saw to-day put me in mind of him. As you know, Leichhardt was clothed in skins and covered by the large rug which he left in my hands. The blacks in this region do not wear any sort of covering, and if what we saw in the cavern to-day was a man, it is almost cer- tain it was the person we are in search of. Everything favors the notion, as Wills says the blacks, unless controlled by a stronger or less superstitious mind, would not dare to enter a place like we explored to-day. Such a man as Leichhardt would be just the person to discover and revel in the relics which abound in the Peak. He is a scien- tist, you know, and even if he were a little gone in the head he would probably have lucid moments." This argument was somewhat convincing, for Rennie, who was sceptical hitherto on the point, said, " There is something in what you say,'' ' Cap.' The man or demon who has control of that place is no fool. Look at the way that entrance stone is fitted. It is a real triumph of skill, especially when you recollect it must have been—or rather, probably was—formed with rude imple- ments. I hope when we return from Mount Cheerless we will solve the mystery." " Ah, now you are coming to business," Dixon interrupted. He had not explored the recesses of Haunted Peak, and consequently was not so impressed with its marvels as the others. His companion during the day, Field, backed him up by saying, " Yes, what about the expedition. I have been cooking all sorts of dainties for you this last week, and I hope they will not be wasted." " No fear of that, Field. If all goes well we will make a start to-morrow. What say you, comrades ?" the captain cried. " Yes, it is no use to waste time here," came the unanimous response. Amongst the live stock taken on board at Shark Bay were two horses, which was all that could be procured at the place. These were deemed sufficient to carry all that would be needed to Mount Cheerless. According to the locality shown in the diary the place was not more than 300 miles from where the Lucinda then lay, and it was expected that another 15 or 20 miles further could be attained by water in the schooner. After that the small boats could be utilised for about 30 miles, so that not more than 250 miles of land would need to be traversed. A large supply of provi- sions could be placed in the boats, and the horses kept fresh for the land journey. As each man being well armed, the larder could easily be replenished. Birds and animals would be met with for some distance, and, for all they knew to the contrary, along the whole route. At daybreak another start was made, and the wind being favorable, good progress was experienced. Snags had, as usual, to be guarded against, but the little schooner appeared to pick her way amongst them, with almost human sense. A low range, about four miles to the south-east, was soon neared, and as the vessel gradually got behind its spurs, the men gathered at the stern to take a last view of Haunted Peak. It loomed up weird-like out of the plain, with its fantastic spires, and as Rennie turned away, he exclaimed, " I would like to know the secrets which lie hidden in the heart of that queer old hill, and the events which were enacted there thousands of years ago." " And I would be satisfied to know what is being done there now," broke in Captain Preston. (To be Continued.) 