OWNERS flflD TRfllJlERS' RE(PIflDERS, To-morrow entries close for tbe Farmers' Plate, of 4 sovs, six furlongs, to be run at the Berwick raceson 23rd inst. Handicaps for next Saturday's races at Saudown Park are doe on Thursday. Entries tor tbe annual races at Goor- nong cloro on the 28th inst. The following handicap events on tbe programme framed for the Eilmore Hibernian races, on 4th May, muafc be nominated for by Friday evening next Handicap Trial Hurdle and Hibernian Handicap, each of 10 sovs ; Trial Han dicap, of 0 sovs ; Hurdle Race, of 12 eovs ; Pablicans' Purse, of 8 sovs. Handicaps for tbe Y.A.T.C. meeting on 1st May are doe next Monday. For tbe Railway Handicap, to be run on tbe firet day of tbe S.A.J.C. Autumn meeting, handicaps will be issued on 2Gth inst. Next Thursday handicaps will be issued for tbe Warrnambool races, to be held on 29th April and 1st May. General entries closo 8 p.m. next Monday. The list includes : — Trial Hurdle Race, of 25 eovs; Trial Stakes, of 20 sovs: Junior Steeplechase, of 40 sovb; and Selling Steeplechase, of 30 sovs. Acceptances for S.A. Tattereall'e Clnb Autumn meeting are due by 4 p.m. on Thursday next. At 7 p.m. next Monday acceptances and general entries (Trial Stakes, of 6 sovs, Hack Race, 5 sovs, and Forced) close for the B&rnawartha; T.C. Annual meeting. Tbe following races, comprising tbe programme of handioap events to lie run at tbe next meeting of the Tocumwal B.C., call for entries before 8 p.m. on Saturday next ; — Hurdle'R&ce;, nine farlongs. Han dicap, each of 15 eovs ; President's Stakes (amateur riders), of £10 10s; and Visi tors' Plate, of £10, Tbe Melbourne Hunt Cinb will hold its Autumn meeting on Saturday, 6th May. The programme includes six events, five of which have 50 sovs attached, while tbe Steeplechase will be worth 100 sovs. Entries are due on tbe 3rd May, and handicaps on the 5th May. The next Aspendale Park races are set down for Wednesday, 5 th May, when a programme of six events will be run off. Of tbese the Beach Grove Welter Handi cap will carry 50 bovp. Entries are due on the 26th April, and handicaps on 3rd May. Mr. H. Bryon Moore, secretary of the V.R.C., publishes the particulars of thp G.N. Hurdle Race and G.N. Steeplechase to be run at the Grand National meeting on the 3rd and 10th July. The Hurdle Race is to be a sweepstakes of 10 sovs each, with COO sovs added ; and the Steeplechase a sweepstakes of 20 sovs each, with 1000 sovs added. Entries are due ou tbe 31et May, and handicaps on the 14th June. Second forfeits are due on Thursday, 8ih July. The Victoria Racing Clnb purposes holding a meeting on the 24tb May, when an attractive programme will be presented. For example, tbe Birthday Handicap will be a sweep of 4 sovs each, with 250 added, and the Steeplechase a 2 eov sweep, with 200 sovs added. Entries are due on the 10th May, and handicaps on the 17th May. # In a letter to a friend in the Hamilton district Mr. Oswald Gibson, under date Brighton, 2'2nd February, writes as fol lows about Daimio : — " Daimio, as you know, ran tbird at Lingfield in tbe Weald Steeplechase, carrying 12st 101b. The eause of bis poor display in such company was owing to the state of the course ; it was a bog. With out any exaggeration the horses aank into tne ground at least nice inches. The winner carried 10st 41b, and '.the second 10st 71b, so it was not ench a: bad performance. He has improved a great deal in his jumping now, and will be pretty fit for the Liverpool Grand . National, but should the course be heavy he will not have the ghost of a chance. I think the greatest danger will be that be will overjump himself and thus get tired. Hiekey is going to ride, so we can depend upon having an honest run, which is something. My own opinion is that be will not win, bat may hare a chance.4' 