O^ItjlNAL pOETRl LOCALLY MANUFACTURED THE GLREAT DEBATE. * . BY BYRON'S GHOST. liOtig after the shadows cawe down in West, And the pall of the winter night fell, The men that were moved, with a deadly unreal To emerge on, this night from their shell Wore wending theix-way to the- school on the hilU A phalanx of three on each sid?, And each one determined to do or to die Xxk the flush of his. young; manhood's pride. And the ladies enwreathed in sunniest smiles O'er the seats of the gallery stray. And trip to the top with the- innocent wiles That would hide in seclusion away. And patient they waited and waited- for long The Knights of the chivalrous lance; Snt ere. twenty minutes had faded and gone The laggards were, seen to. advance. And prompt to his feet the Apollo arose* The Chairman, the gifted divine, A&d; ftoonlike the juice from the honey- comb ftowe The words that in wisdom did shine :• * Discard. from your minds, sweetest sisters," says he, • Old views on, th.e women's franchise.; £ud give the gold apple to them that wilt be Deserving this night of the prize.!." Then Prater arose with a smile on his- faoe; But trembling and fearful- and wan— v The ladies must get the. new toy, by. your grace, Or we can't be. no> longer- called man !. The : ladies must get what New Zealand, has got "— And he looked him defiantly round- With the consciousness proud that the last fatal shot Rad carried conviction profound. Then Irwin arose with a scowl at the lair,. His dexter h«n.d hi.litea away : : " Those only wha take, in the fighting a share May share in the franchise, I say-; ?ut, nevertheless, notwithstanding the claim That Prater advanc.es for them, ^ot the ghost of a vote wo«ld| I. pu.t to their i?ame, . For the sex is inferior to men. i " Now Hill he sprang forth to the rampart on The citadel fair to defend;; |{e -told' them that woman the mart cou.ld supply Of intellect great without end- That man was inferior far to the fair- Who gilded his life with her own — To deny her the franchise wa&. sordid, and b a r e % Faced, and cowardly too to. the booe t Then Dwyer cam.® down from, his altitude high And charged the fair-sex in the van; Arid-told tbem the franchise was all in his eye, ' For woman could never be man ! That rocking the cradle-from, morning, to, niight, And nursing and dangling the child, Was woman's. arena—In blushing delight - The ladies cheerod loudly'and wild !. {Tow Brown he arose on behalf of the fair. As sobec and solemn and grini innocent youth who had never " been there" When the shalows, of even,ing grew djm.:. f he woman who, knew no. political thought And couldn't talk politics fre» "W&s; wholly unfitted for wedlock, he thought, \- Unfitted for- m$a stu>h as he 1. Then Burrows tripped dowa with the aix of a man,. Dashing right in the midst of the fray-, With the copiouis< n^tes he proceeded to, scan, And his hand, a,. la Irwin, a.way I And. he looked Mike & maid that, had never been kissed In the bloom, of the peach of six-teen. While he raked the whole sex, like- a man . that had missed The jpys tha.t lay round him, unseen. $ow Searby the lordly ajrose in his might,. In his : terrible might he arose, And proceeded uorufflpd, with placid delight, To- scatter the franchise's foes. His guns, be discharged in the flank,of the foe— - For guerdon the fair sex's smile— But vain- the-assault as the sequel did! show In the vote that he-failed to beguile I And last of • the- crowd came the man that would fajn On compacts." unholy embark, Forgetful lihat light, through, dishonor,, may reign And illumine! the depths of the dark:; 9e told the fair maid* that the pathways weredira* Their false- friends- inveigled them, to, f bat freely he'd give all he had unto them, But the gift of the franchise they'd; rue. e Then. up. rose the Chair.nan,—a light in his. eye That never was seen, there before—r 4nd>. weighed in the balance, impartial and high,. The gem? of ppliticol lore-: Though standing, a space on a precipice-grim, Nor blanched he a moment the while, yet dauntless, of eye and unshaken of limb,. The mption : he put with. * smile. - And cheering arose whgu the ; ladies, werefound To have bartered, their heritage fair ; While deep disappointment and anger pro? foujid; Smote deep on. the menacing air !. £nd the Pratera and Browns,, and the Searbys and liiUiti-, Swe^r now tbat no woman on earth Reserves the bright heritage nature but wills Xfesowgh thss accident only of birth!. 