Duped "by a Duck. A strange story is told by a well known cycling tourist, whose personal character is sufficient guarantee for its veracity. It appears that whilst he was riding one day through a small hamlet, a duck fluttered up from be neath his wheel, to fall apparently dead by the roadside. Its indignant owner, rushing out from a wayside cottage, stopped the cyclist, and gave him no peace until he had paid the es timated value of the duck's life. The cyclist, having settled the affair to the satisfaction of the bereaved duck fancier, rode on his way, giving no further thought to the matter, till, some time after, again having occasion to pass the same spot, he was surprised when the accident again occurred in precisely the same manner, the second victim of his carelessness bearing a strange family likeness to the duck that he had previously killed. Again the owner rushed forth and mulcted him in damages. His suspicions being aroused by this coincidence—almost as ' strange as that experienced by the elder Mr. Weller on the occasion of his conveying voters to the poll and upsetting them into the river—he stealthily concealed himself behind an adjacent hedge, which commanded a view of the scene of slaughter. Pre sently he saw what might have been the ghost of his victim stroll casually across the road. At the same time he heard the warning twinkle of a cyclist's bell sounded in the distance. This was shortly afterwards followed by the appearance of an unsuspecting rider. Beneath his wheel the duck fluttered for a moment, and then lay stiff and stark by the side of the road. As the irate owner again rushed forth to claim damages, his intention was at once baulked by the lurking tourist, who, stepping forth from his hiding place and picking up the yet warm body of the duck, puffed a volume of tobacco smoke into its nostrils, a re storative treatment that was imme diately followed by an indignant and very lively struggle on the part of the ingenious bird. Inquiries subsequently made in the neighbourhood revealed the fact that the duck itself had been the originator of the trick, which the owner observing, and enhancing the ef fect by a little training, had been made the means of an extensive system of roadside piracy and blackmailing. In. fact, as far as tbe reconteur of this in teresting anecdote is aware, the duck is still pursuing its nefarious avocation to this day. -The Complete Ctclist. 