THE CHRISTIAN. By HALL CAUSE, Author of ' The Manxman,' ' The Deemster, ' 'The Scapegoat,' 'The Last Confession,' 'The Bondsman,' &c.; [Published by 6p=-ia.l arrangement with the Author: All rights reserved.] lo the Reader or 'The CnniSTUN.' — In making f, picture of what I take to bo the great intellectual movement of our time in England aud in America— the movement towards Christian Socialism— I have been irresistibly drawn from the general study of types to the particular study of individual persons, living ani dead; and following jjood precedent, I have freely used the sayings and doings aud in soms instances the letters of recognisable people. It is inevitable, and perhaps desirable, that tbis should bo observed : but ket there should be anv tenilencv to draw the natural inference that individual portraits nre intended, I take the opportunity of saying that I dare not claim any authority, except that of the irre sponsible story-teller, and the scenes described in this story are not always to be identified with thelocalitie* wherein I have placed them.— Mall Caine. THIRD BOOK. The Devil's Acre. Chapter III. 'The Prior}', Friday morning1. 'Oh, my dear aunties, don't be terrified, but Glory has had a kind of a wee biff triumph ! Nothing very awful, you knot/, but on Monday night, before a rather larger company than usual, she sang and recited and play-acted a little, and as a result all tho earth — the London earth — is talking about her, and nobody is taking any notice of tha rest of the world. IS very post is bringing me flowers, with ribbons and cards attached, or illustrated weeklies with my picture and my life in little, and I find its wonderful what a lot of things you may learn about yourself if you'll only read the papers. My room at this moment is like a florist's win dow at 9 o'clock on Saturday morning, and I have reason to suspect that mine host and teacher, Carl Koenig, F.R.C.O., exhibits them to admiring neighbors when I am out. The voice of that dear old turtle has ever since Monday been heard in tho land, and besides telling me about Poland day and night from all the subterranean passages of the house, he lias taken to waiting on me like a nigger and ordering soup3 and jellies for mo as if I had suddenly become an invalid. Of course I am an able-bodied woman just the same as ever, but my nervo3 have been on the rack all the week and I feel exactly aa I did long ago at Peel when I was a little naughty minx and got up into the tower of the old church and fiegau pulling at the bell rope, you remember. Oh, dear ! Oh, dear 1 My frantic terror at the noise of the big bells aud the vibration of the shaky old walls ! Once I had begun I couldn't leave oif for my life, but went on tugging and tugging and quaking and quaking until — have you forgotten it ? — all the people came running hclter-skeltor, under the impression that the whole town was afire. And then behold, it was only little me, trem bling like a leaf and crying like a ninny. I remember I was scolded and smacked and dis missed into outer darkness (it was the chip vault) for that first outbreak of fame, and now, lost you should want to mete out the same punishment to me again. ''Aunt Anna, I'm knitting the sweetest little shawl for you, dear— blue and white to suit your complexion— being engaged in the even ing only and most of the day sole mistress of my own will and pleasure. How charming of me, isn't it? But I'm afraid it isn't, because you'll see through me like a colander, for I want to tell you something which I have kept back too long, and when I think of it I grow old ana wrinkled like a Christmas apple. So you mu3fc be a pair ot absolute old angels, auntie3, and break the news to grandfather. ' You know I told you, Aunt Rachel, to say some^ung for mo at 9 o'clock on the Queen's Birthday. And you remember that Mr. Drake used to think pearls and diamonds of Glory and predict wonderful things for her. Then you don't forget that Mr. Drake had a friend named Lord Robert Ure, commonly called . Lord Bob. Well, you see, by Mr. Drake's ad vice and Lord Bobbie's influence and agency, and I don't know what, I've made one more change — it's to be the last, dears, the very last —in my Wandering Jew existence, and now I am no longer a society entertainer, because I am a music- hall art ? ' Glory had written so far when she dropped the pen and rose from tho table, wiping her eyes. ' My -poor child, you can't tell them j it's impossible. They would never forgive you.' Then a carriage stopped before the house, the garden bell was rung, and the maid oarne into the room with a lady's card. It was in scribed 'Miss Polly Love,' with many splashes and flourishes. 'Ask. her up,' said Glory; and then Polly camo rustling up the stairs in a silver-grey silk dress and a noticeable hat and with a pug dog tucked under her arm. She looked older and less beautiful. The pink and ivory of hor cheeks were coatad with powder, and her light grey eyes were pencilled. There was the samo blemished appearance as bofore and the crack in tho vase was now plainly visible. Glory had met the girl only once since they parted after the hospital, but Polly kiEBed hex effusively. Then she Bat down and be^an to cry. ' 'Perhaps you would n't think it, my dear, but I'm the most, miserable girl in London. ; Haven't you heard nboiit it ? I thought every body knew. Robert is -going to be married. Yes, . indeed, to-morrow morning, fto that American heiress, and I hadn't an idea of it until Monday afternoon. That was the day of your luncheon, dear, and I felt sure something was going to happen because I broke ray looking-glass dressing to go out. Robert took me home, and he began to play tho piano, and I could seo ho was going to say something. ? 'Do ;you Tcuow, little woman, I'm to bs. married on Saturday t I wouder I didn'* 'i drop, but I didn't, and he went on playing. Bub it was no ueb trying and I burst out and ran into my room. After a minute I heard him coming in, but he didn't lift me up as he used to do. Only talked to me over my back, telling me to control myself and what he was going to do for me and so on. He used to eay a few tears made me nicer looking, but it was no good crying — and then he went avay.' i She began to cry again, and the dog in her lap began to howl. ? ' O God ! I don't know what Tvo done to be so unfortunate. I've not been flash at all, and I never went to cafes at night, or to Sally's or to Kate's as so many girls do, and he can't say I ever took notice of anybody else. When I love anybody I think of him last thing at night and first thing in the morning, and now to be left alone— I'm sure I shall never Jive through it.' i Glory tried to comfort the poor broken creature. It was her duty to live. There was her child— had she never seen it since Bbe parted with it to Mrs. Jupe ? It must be such a darling by this time, creeping about and talking a little, wherever it was. She ought to have the child to live with her, it would be such company. ; Polly kissed the pug to stop its whining and said, ' I don't want company. Life isn't the same thing to me now. He thinks because he is marrying that woman — what better is she than me I should like to know? She's only snapping at him for what he is, and he is only taking her for what she's got, and I've a great mind to go to All Saints' and shame them. You wouldn't? Well, it's hard to hide one's feelings, but it would serve them tight if— if I did it,' Polly had risen with a wild look and was pressing the pug so bard that it was howling again, but from other causes. 'Did what?' 'Nothing . . . that is to say . . .' 'You mustn't dream of going to the church. The police ? . ?' : ' Oh, it isu't the police I'm afraid of,' said Polly, tossing her head. ? 'What then?' 'Never mind, my dear,' said Polly. On the way downstairs she reproached her self for not seeing what was coming. 'But girls like us never do, now do we f' I Glory colored up to her hair, but made no protest. At the gate Polly wiped her eyes and drew down her veil and said, 'I'm sorry to say it to your face, my dear, but its all been , that Mr. Drake's doings, and a girl ought to know he'd do as much himself and worse. But vou'ro a great weman now and in everybody's mouth, so you needn't care. Only ...' \ Glory's face was scarlet and her under-lip was bleeding, yet she kissed the poor shallow thing at parting, because she was down and did not understand and lived in another world ! entirely. But going back to where her letter ? lay unfinished she thought, ' Impossible ! If this girl., living iu an atmosphere so different; thinks that, . .' Then she sat at the table and forced herself to tell all. i She had got through the red riot of her con fession and was writing— 'I don't know what he would think of it, but do you know I thought I saw his facs on Wednesda}' night ! It was in the dark and I was in a cab driving away from the stage door. But so changed ; oh, so changed ! It might have been a dream and it was the same as if his ghost Lad passed me.' Then she became aware of voices in dispute downstairs. First, a man's voice, then the voices of two men, one of them Koenig's, the other with a haunting ring in it. She got up from the table and went to the door of her room, going on tiptoe, yet hardly knowing why. Koenig was saying, 'No, sair, do lady does not lif here.' Then a deep, Etrong, breast-vcice answered, ''Mr. Koenig, surely you remember me '!' and Glory's heart seemed to beat like a watch. 'No— o, sair. Are you— oh, yes — what am I thinking of — but do lady ? ' 'Mr. Koenifr,' Glory called, cried, gasped over the stair rail, 'ask the gentleman to come up, please.' She hardly knew what happened next, only that Koenig seemed to be muttering confused explanations below and that she wa3 back in her sitting-room, giving a glance into tho lookiujr-frlass and doing something with her hair. Then there was a step on tho stairs — ou tho landing— at tho threshold, ar.d she fell back a few paces from the door that she might eee him as ho came iu. Ho knocked. Her heart was beating so violently that she had to keep her band over it. 'Y/ho's there:' 'It is I.' | 'Who's I?' Then she saw him coming down on her and tho very sunlight seenied to wavo as the shadows on a ship. He was paler and thiuner, his preat eyes looked weary though they smiled, his hand felt bony though firm, and his head was closely cropped. She looked at him for a moment without speaking and with a sensation of fulness at her heart that was almost choking her. 'Is it you? I didu't know it was you ? . I was just thinking ? ' She was talking at random and was out of breath, as if fclia had been running. 'Glory, I have frightened you,' bo said ; cud she noticed that his voice was lower than it used to be. 'Frightened? Oh, no! Why should you think so? Perhap3 I am crying ; but then I'm always doing that nowadays; and, besides, you are bo ? ' 'Yes, Iain altered,' he said in tho pause that followed. ; 'And IT 'You are altered too.' He was looking at her with an earnest and passionate gaze. It ?was she— herself— Glory, not merely a vision or a dream. Again he recognised the glorious eyes with their brilliant lashes and tho flashing Epot of one of them that had so ofton set his heart beating. Sho looked back at him and thought, 'How ill lie must have been,' and then a lump came into her throat and she began to laugh that sho might not begin to cry, and broke out into broad Manx ltst ho should hear the tremor;in her voice, 'But you're coming to, aren't yo? And you've left that theer ? aw; ii's glad ter'blo I am, as our people say, and it's a longin' mortal you'd be for all, boy.' Another trill of nervous laughter and then a burst of earnest English. 'But tell me, you've como_for good ; you are not going back to ? ' 'No, I am not going back to tho brother hood, Glory.' How friendly his low voice sounded. ' Are you ?' ' Well, I've left the hospital, you see.' 'Yes, I see,' he said. His weary eyes were Wandering about the room, and for the first time she felt ashamed of its luxuries and its flowers. ' But how did you find me?' ?' I 'went to the hospital first.' 'So you hadn't forgotten me? Do you know I thought you had quite . . . , but tell mo &t; once, where did you go then ?' He was silent for a moment and she said, 'Well?' 'Then I went to Mr. Drake's chambers.'.' ' I don't know why everybody should think that Mr. Drake ...' His great eyes were fixed on her face and his mouth was quivering, and to prevent him from speaking she put on a look of forced gaiety and Baid, ' But how did you light on me at last?' 'I meant to find you, Glory,' he said, 'if I tramped all London over and everybody denied you to me'— the lump in her throat was hurt Ing her dreadfully—' but I changed to sea the came over the music-hall,' She saw it coming and broke into laughter and talked rapidly, frivolously, at rtiudoin. 'The music-hall] Only think J You looking at music-halls 1' ' I was there on Monday night,' ho an swered. 'You? Monday? Then perhaps it was not my fancy that I saw you by the stage door . . .' Her nerves were getting more and more excited and to calm them she crossed her arms above her head. 'So they gave you my addresB at the Btage door, did they ?' *rNo, I wrote for it to Peel.' 'Peel?' she caught her breath and her arms came down. 'Then perhaps you told them where . . .' ' I told them nothing, Glory.' She looked at him through her eyelashes, her head held down. ' Not that it matters, you know. I've just been writing to them aud they'll soon . . . but oh, I've so much to say and I can't say it here. Couldn't we go somewhere? Into the park, or on to the beach, or further — much further — the room is so small and I feel as if I've been suffocating for want of air.' 'I've something to say, too, and if . . .' 'Then let it bs to-morrow morning and we'll start early and you'll brin? me back in time for the theatre. Say Paddington station at 11. Will that do?' 'Yes.' She saw him to the gate and when he was going she wanted him to kiss her hand, so she pretended to do the high handshake, but he only held it for a moment and looked steadily into her eyes. The sunshine was pouring into the garden and she was bare headed. Her hair was coiled up and she was wearing a light morning blouse. He thought shehadueverlooked so beautiful. Ongettinginto the omnibus at the end of the street he took a letter out of his breast pocket and, being alone, ho first carried it to his lips, then reopened and read it: — ' 'See her at once, dear John, and keep in touch with her and I shall be happy and re lieved. As for ycur father, that old Chaise 13 going crazy and is sending Lord Storm crazy too. He has actually discovered that the dust the witch walks on who has cast the evil eye on you lies in front of Glenfaba gate, and he has been sweeping it up o' nigh Is and scattering it in front of Knockaloe ! What simplicity ! There are only two women here — does the silly old gawk mean Rachel ? or is it perhaps aunt Anua?' And while tho omnibus joggled down the street and the palo younp clergyman with the great weary eyes was pouring over his letter, Glory was sitting at her table and writing with flying fingers and a look of enthusiastic ecstacy. 'I've had three bites at this cherry, but who do you think has just been here? John! John Storm ! But then you know that he is back and it wasn't merely my fancy that I saw him by tho stage door. It seems as if people have been denying me to him and he has been waiting for me aid watching over mo — (blot) — . His voice is so low, but I suppose that comes to people who are much alone, and he is so thin aud so pale and his eyes are so largo, and they have tnat deep look that cuts into the heart. He knew he was changed aud I think he was ashamed — (blot) — but of course I didn't let whit that I was taking notice, and I'm so happy for his sake, poor fellow, that he has escaped from his cage in that salvation Zoo. That I know I shall make them split their sides in the theatre to-night — (blot, blot)—. How tiresome ! this ink must have got water in it somehow ; and theu my handwriting is euoh a hop-skip-aud-a-jump anyway. But hoots ! — Why shouldn't I love Jolmnj1 1 And why shouldn't Johnny love me ? 'Gloet.' Chapteb IV. After his visit to the Priory John Storm was convinced that Glory was still uncontaminated by the life she was living. Therefore he con cluded that she ought to leave it. But then came a consciousness of her great success and the pity of her position touched and troubled him. He lay ;vwake to think of it and to devise means to soften the harshness of the demand he intended to make of her, but he never once doubted tho wisdom or necessity of that demand. She must and she should give up everything. It was a beautiful May morning and stand ing by the Paddington station with the dog at his feet he felt her approach instinctively as she came towards him with her free step in her white cambric dress under tho light parasol fringed with lace. Her face v.as glowing with the fresh air and the walk aud she looked happy and blight. As they walked into the station she poured out a stream of questions about the dog, took possession of him straight way and concluded to call him Coesar. They agreed to spend the day at Burnham Beeches, and while John went for the tickets she stepped on to the platform. It was Satur day, the bookstall was ablaze with the picture papers, aud one of them was prominently dis plaj ed at a pags containing her own portrait. She wanted John to see this and she invented an excuse for bringing him face to face with it, and t!~-eu she laughed and he bought the paper. The clerk recognised her, as they could see by the smile which ho kept in rescrvo, and a group of guards, in flannels and straw bats, goitg down to their club at Maidenhead, looked at her aud nudged each other and seemed to know who she was. Her eyes danced, her lips smiled, and she was proud that John should see the first fruits of her fame. She was proud of him, too, with his bold walk aud strong, almost majestic, carriage as they passed the guards in their negligent dress with their red and blue ties and their blazers. But his heart was aching and he was only wonder ing how he was to begin. From tho moment they started she gave herself up to the delights of their holiday, and even the groaning imd cranking and joggling of the train amused her. When tbo pruards had got iuto their first-class carriago they had glanced at theopon window, where her brilliant eyes and rosy lips were glraming behind a veil. John gazed at hor with his slow and tender looks and felt guilty and ashamed. They left the train at Slough, and a wave of freshness, with an odor of verdure and sap, blew into their faces. The dog leaped and barked and Glory skipped along with it, break ing every moment into enthusiastic exclama tions. There was hardly any wind, and the clouds, which were far overhead, were scarcely moving. It was a glorious day and Glory's face wore an expression of perfect happiness. ? They lunched at the old hotel in the town, yvith the window open and the swallows dart ing in tho air outside, and Glory, who drank milk ' for remembrance,' rose and said, 'I looks towards Mr. Storm,' and then drank his health aud Bwept him the prettieBt curtsey. AH through lunch she kept feeding tho dog from her own fingers, and at the end rebuked him for spreading his bones in a half circle across the carpet — a thing1 which was never done, she said, in the best society this side the Cannibal Islands. 'By-and-bye,' he thought; 'time enough by-and-bye,' for the charm of her joy was in fectious. The sun was high when they started on their walk and her face looked flushed and warm. But through the park -like district to the wood she raced with Osesar aud made him leap over her sunshade and roll over and over on the bright green grass. Ti» larks were trilling overhead, everything was humming and sing ing. 'Lot her hare one happy day,' he thought and they began to call and shout to each other. Then they cams to tho Beeches And being sheltered from the fiery rays of the sun she Eut down her sunshade and John took off his at. The silence- and gloom, the great gnarled trees, with their thews and sinews, their arms and thighs and loins, the gentle rustle of the breeze in tho branches overhead, the deep ac cumulation of dead leaves under foot, the fluttering of wingB, the low cooing of pigeons, and all the mystery and wonder of the wood brought a sense of awe as on entering a mighty minster in the dusk. But this . wore away presently and Glory began to 'sing. Her pure voice echoed in the fragrant air and the happiness so long pent up and starved seemed to bundle in every word and note. 'iBn't this butter than singing in music balls ?' he thought aud then he began to sing too, just like any happy boy, without thinking of yesterday or to-morrow, of before or after. She smiled at him. He smiled back. It was like a dream. After his long seclusion it was difficult to believe it could be true. The open air, the perfume of the leaves they were wading through, the silver bark of the beeches and the blue peeps of the sky between, and then Glory walking with her graceful motion and laughing and singing by his side 1 ' But Til wake up in a minute,' he thought, 'and it will all be gone.' They Bang one song together. It was 'Lasses and Lads,' and to make themselves think it was the old time back again they took hands and swung them to the tune. He felt her clasp like tnilk coursing through his body, and a great wave of tenderness swept up his hard resolve as sea wrack is thrown up after a storm. 'She is here, we are together; why trouble about anything more?' and the time flew by. But their voices went wrong immediately, and they were soon in difficulties. Then she laughed, and they began again ; but they could not keep together, and as often as they tried they failed. 'Ah, it's not like the old happy days,' he thought, and a mood of Badness came over him. He had begun to observe in Glory the trace of the life she had passed through— words, phrases, ideas, snatches of slang, touches of moods and modes which had the note of a Blight vulgarity. When the dog took a bone un invited she cried, 'It's a click — you've sneaked it 1' When John broke down in the singing she told him to 'chuck it off the chest 1' and when be stopped altogether she called him glum, and said she would ' do it on her own.' ' Why does he look so sorrowful ?' she thoughts and telling herself that this came to people who wore much alone, she rattled on more recklessly even than before. She talked of the life of the music hall, the life at ' the back,' glorifying it by a tone of apology. It was all hurry scurry, slap, dash and drive, no time to consider effects, bo it was really harder to be a muBic hall woman than a regular actress. And the music hall woman was no worse than other women — con- sidering. Had he seen their ballet? It was fetching 1 Such pages ! Simply darlings ! They were the proud young birds of paradise whom toffs like those Guards came to see. and it was fun to see them plumiDg and preening themselves at the back, each for the eyes of her own particular lord in the stalls. Thus she flung out unfamiliar notes, hardly knowing their purport, but to John they were as slimy creatures out of the social mire she had struggled through. Oh, London ! London ! Its shadow was over them even there ; and go where they would they could never escape from it. His former thought began to hang about him again, and he asked her to tell him what had happened to her during his absence. ''Shall I?:- sho said. 'Well, I brought three golden sovereigns out of the hospital to distribute among the people of London, but bless you, they went nowhere.' 'And what then V ' Then — then Hope was a good breakfast but a bad supper, you know. But shall I tell you all ? Yes, yes, yes, I will.' She told him of Mrs. Jupe's and of the deception she had practised upon her people, and he turned his head that he might hide his tears. She told him of the 'three graces' and of the stage manager— she called him the stage damager — and then she turned her head away that sho might hide her shame. She told him of Josephs, the bogus agent, and his face grew hard and his golden-brown eyos looked black. ' And where did you say his place was?' he asked in a voice that vibrated and broke. 'I didn't say,' she answered with a laugh and a tear. She told him of Aggie, and of tho foreign cIuLr, and of Koenig, and of the dinner party at the Homo Secretary's, and then she skipped a step and cried — Ding, donp, dended, Jly tale'B ended. 'And was it there you met Mr. Drake again ?' She replied with a nod. 'Never having seen him iu the mean time ?' She pursed her lips and shook her head. He was looking through the tress in the direction of London. His mouth was shut hard and his nostrils were breathing hard. ' That's all over now and what matter ?' she said, 'I likes to be jolly aud I allus is !' 'But ia it all over?' he said and he looked at her again with the deep look that had cut into her heart. ' He's going to say something,' she thought and she began to laugh, but with a faint tremor ; and giving the dog her parasol to carry in his mouth sho took off her hat, swung it in her hand by the brim and set off to run. There was tho light shimmer of a pool at a lev-61 below where the water had drained to a bottom and was enclosed by beeches. The trees seemed to hang over it with outstretched wings, like birds about to alight, and round its banks there were plots of violets which filled the air. with their fragrance. It was a God blest bit of ground and when he came up with her she was standing at the edge of tho marshy mere panting and on the point of tears and saying in a whisper, 'Oh, how beautiful !' ' ' But however am I to get across ?' she cried, looking with mock terror on the two inches of water that barely covered the grass and at tho pretty red shoes that peeped from under her dress. Then something extraordinary occurred. She hardly knew what was happening until it was over. Without a word, without a smile, he took her and lifted her up in his arms and carried her to the other side. She felt helpless, like a child, or as if suddenly she belonged to herself no longer. Her head had fallen against his shoulder and her heart was beating against his breast. Or was it his heart that was beat ing ? When he put hor down sho was afraid she was going to cry, so she began to'laugh and to say they mustn't lose that 7.30 to London or the ' rag' would be rolling up without her and the 'stage damager' would bo using 'cuss words.' They had to pass tho old church of Stoke Pottis on the way back to the town and after looking at its timber belfry and steeple John suggested that they should see the inside. The sexton was found working in the garden at the side of his -house and be went indoors for the keys. 'Here they be, sir, and you being a pa'son I'll bide in the orchet: you and your young misBes can look at tho church without me. 'A b'lieve 'a hev seed it afore,' he said with a twinkle. The church was dark and -cool. There was a window representing an angel ascending to heaven against a deep blue sky, and a squire's pew furnished like a box at the theatre, with a carpet, chairs, and even a stove. The chairs in the front bore family crests, aud behind them were inferior chairs, without crests, for servants. John had opened the little modern organ and begun to play. After a while he began to sing. He sang 'Nazareth,' and bis voice filled the empty church and went up and into the gloom of the roof, and echoed and returned, and it was almost as if another voice were singing there. Glory stood by his side and listened, and at first she felt as if a wonderful peace had come down on her. Then the emotion that vibrated in hiB deep voice and seemed to come out of his soul made something Burgo up to her throati. 'Life for evermore 1 Life for ever more !' All at once she began to weep, to sob and to laugh all in a breath, and he stopped. 'How ridiculous I am to-day. You'll think me a maniac,' she said. But he only took her hand as if she had been a child and led her out of the church. Insensibly the day had passed into evening and the horizontal rays of the sun were dazzling their eyes aB they returned to the hotel for tea. In giving order for this meal they had left the illustrated paper behind and it was now clear from the easy smiles that greeted them that the paper had .been looked at and Glory identified. The room was ready, with the table laid, the window closed and a fire of wood in the dog grate, for the chill of the evening was beginning to be felt And to make him forget what happened at the church, she put on a look of forced gaiety and talked rapidly, frivolously, and at random. The fresh air had given her such a color that they would fairly eat her to- night. How tired she was though ! But a cup of tea would exhila rate her like a Johnnie's first whisky and soda in bed. He looked at her with hiB grave face ; every word was cutting him like a knife. 'So you didn't toll the old folks at Glenfaba about the hospital until later?' 'No! Have a cup of the girl? They call champagne 'the boy' at the back, so I call tea ' the girl' you know.' 'And when did you tell them about the music-hall '!' ' Yesterday. ' Muffins?5 ' and sho held out the plate, waggled the wrist of her other hand, and mimie'd the cry of the muffin man. 'Not until yesterday ?' Sho began to excuse herself. What was the use of taking people by surprise? And then good people were sometimes so easily shocked. Education and upbringing and prejudice and even blood ? 'Glory,' he said, 'if you are ashamed of this life, believe me it is not a right one.' ' Ashamed 1 Why should I be ashamed? Everybody is saying how proud I should be.' She spoke feverishly and plucked up the paper by a sudden impulse, but as suddenly let it drop again, for looking at his grave face her little frame had seemed to f hrivel up. ' But give a bad name, you know — you were there on Monday night. Did you see anything now — any thing in the performance ?' 'I saw the audience, Glory — that was enough for me. It is impossible for a girl to live long in an atmosphere like that and be a good woman. Yes, my child, impossible. God forbid that I should sit in judgment on any man, still less a woman — but the women of the music hall do they remain good women ? Poor souls, they are placed in a position so false that it would require extraordinary virtue not to become false along with it. And the whiterthesoulthatisdragged through that-that mire, the more the defilement. The audiences at such places don't want the white bouI, they don't want the good woman— they want the woman who has tasted of the tree of good and evil. You can see it in their faces and hear it in their laughter and measure it in their ap plause. Oh, I'm only a priest, but I've seen these places all the world over and I know what I am saying and I know it's true and you know it's true, Glory.' Glory leaped up from the table aud her eyes seemed to emit fire. 'I know it's hard and cruel and pitiless and since you were there ou Monday and saw how kind the audiences was to me, it's personal and untrue as well.' But her voice broke, and she sat down again and said in another voice, 'But, John, it's nearly a year, you know, Bince we saw each other last, and isn't it a pity. . . Tell me, where are you living now? Have you made your plans for the future ? Oh, who do you think was with me just before you called yes terday? Polly — Polly Love, you remember. She's grown stout and plainer, poor thing, and was so sorry. Her brother was in your brother hood, wasn't he? Is he as strangely foud of her as ever? Iahe? Eh? Don't you under stand ? Polly's brother, I mean ?' ' He's dead, Glory, yes, dead. He died a mjnth ago. Poor boy, he died broken-hearted. He bad come to hear of his sister's trouble at the hospital. I was to blame for that. He never looked up again.' There was silence. Both were gazing into the fire, and Glory's mouth was quivering. All at once she said, 'John, John Storm, why can't you understand that it's not the same with me as wi th other women ? There seem to be two women in me always. After I left the hospital I went through a good deal. Nobody will ever know how much I went through. But even at the very worst somehow I seemed to enjoy and rejoice in everything. Things happened that made me cry, but there was another me that was laughing. And that's how it is with the life I am living now. It ib not I, myself, that go through this— this miro, as you call it. It's only my other self, my lower self, if you like, but I am not touched by it at all. Don't you Bee that? Don't you, now ?' ' There are professions which are a source of temptation, and talents that are a snare, Glory ? ' 'I see! I see what you mean. There are not many ways a woman can live and succeed —that's the cruelty of things. But there are a few and Pve chosen the one I'm fit for. And now — now that I've escaped from all that misery— that meanness— and have brought the eyes of London upon me, and the world is full of smiles for me, and sunshine, and I am happy, you come a(j_ last— you that I couldn't find when I wanted you so much, oh, so much, because you had forgotten me — you come to me out of a darkness like the grave and tell mo to give it all up. Ob, it's cruel 1' Sho covered her face with her hands and sobbed. Ho bent over her with a sorrowful face and said, 'My child, if I have come out of a darkness as of the crave, it is because I had not forgotten you there, but was thinking of you every day and hour.' Her sobbing ceased, but the tears still flowed through her fingers. 'Before the poor lad abandoned hope, ho came out into the world too— stole out — thinking to find his lost one, I told him to look for you first, and he went to the hos pital.' 'I saw him.' 'Your ' It was on New Year's Eve. He passed me in the street.' 'Ah! Well, he came back anyway, and said you were gone, and all trace of you was lost. Did I forget you after that, Glory ?' His husky voice broke off suddenly, and he rose with a look of wretchedness. 'You are right ; there are two selves in you, aud the higher self is bo pure, so Btrong, so unselfish, bo noble — — . Oh, I am sure of it, Glory. Only there's no one to speak to it-no one. 1 try, but I cannot,' ??.--? ? - . ?. ? j . ? She was still crying behind her hands. 'And meanwhile her lower self — there are only too many to speak to that' Her hands came down from her disordered face and she said, ' I know whom you mean.' ' I mean the world.' 'No, indeed; you mean Mr. Drake; bat you are mistaken. Mr. Drake has been a good! friend to me, but he isn't anything else and doesn't want to be. Can't you Bee that when you think of me and talk of me as you would of some other woman you hurt me and degrade me, and I cannot bear it ? You see I am cry ing- again— goodness knows why. But I shan't give up my profession — the idea of such a ' thing 1 It's ridieulouB 1 Think of Glory in a convent !— one of the poor Clare's perhaps P 'Hush I' ' Or back in the island serving out sewing at a mother's meeting 1 Give it up 1 Indeed I won't.' ' You shall and you must,' he answered . 'Who'll make me?' ' I will' Then she laughed out wildly, but stopped on the instant and looked up at him with glistening eyes. An intense blush came over her face and her looks grew bright as his grew- fierce. A moment afterwards the waiting-maid, with all inquisitive expression, was olearing th« table and keeping a smile for 'the lovers' quarrel.' Some of the guardsmen were in the train going back, and at the next station they changed to the carriage which Glory and John had gone into. Apparently they had dined before Jeaving their club at Maidenhead, and they looked at Glory with covert smiles. 'Going to the Colloseum to-nicht?' said one. 'If there's time,' said another. 'Oh, tima enough. The attraction doesn't begin till 9, don't you know, and nobody goes before. They say she's good, deuced good.' Glory was sitting with her back to the engine, drumming lightly on the window and looking out at the setting sun. At first she felt a certain shame at the obvious references, but piqued at John silence, she began to take pride in them and shot glances at him from under half closed eyelids. John was Bitting opposite, with his arms folded. At the talk of the men he felt his hands contract and hia lips grow cold, with the feeling that Glory be longed to everybody now, and was common property. Once or twice he looked at them and became conscious of an impression that bad floated about him ever since he left tha brotherhood — that nearly every face he BaW had the hideous stamp of self-indulgence and sensuality. But the noises of the train helped him not to hear and he looked out for London. It lay before them under a canopy of smoke, and nov* and then a shaft from the setting sun lit up ? glass roof and it glittered like a sinister eye. Then there came from afar, over the creaking and groaning of the wheels and the whistle ot tho engine, the deep multitudinous murmur of that distant sea. Tho mighty tide was raising and coming up to meet them. Presently they were rushing into the midst of it and every thing was drowned iu the splash and roar. The Guardsmen, being on the platform side, alighted first, and on going off they bowed to Glory with rather more than easy manners. A dash of the devil prompted her to respond demonstratively, but John had risen and wa* taking off his hat to the men and they wera going away discomfited. Glory was proud of him — he was a man and a gentleman. He put her into a hansom under the lampi outside the station and her face was lit up,' but she patted tliedo# and said, 'You hav» vexed me and you needn't come to see mi again. I shall not sing properly this evening or sleep to-night at all, if that is any satis faction to you, so you needn't trouble to ennuire,' „ When he reached lionre Mrs. Callender told him of a shocking occurrence at the fashionable wedding at All Saints' that morning. A young woman had committed suicide during tha ceremony. It turned out to be the poor girl who had been dismissed from the hospital. John Storm remembered Brother Paul. ' I must bury her,' he thought. (To be continued. ) 