T?tE OPPOSITION ON THE STUMP. The debate on the Land and Income Tax Validating Bill last night had the' effect of reviving certain political memories which had almost faded from the mind of this coun- try." It served to Dring us duck to me miusc of a chapter of New South Wales history which has been closed and done with years ago. The pale ghost of protection rose and walked the political floor In the old-l'ashion- ed stage way, while the lieat of party feel ing on both sides of tbe House became plain ly appreciable. Whether the fact that the House has entered upon the last year of its existence had auything to do with tlioso symptoms Is a matter of conjecture. Cer tainly, there was nothing In the Land and Income Tax Validating Bill to account for the strong scent of the stump which per vaded the Parliamentary atmosphere last night. What is the purpose and Intention of that hill? Not to Introduce any new legis lation, not. to enforce any policy which tho present House has not already debated in every possible aspect, but simply to amend a technical error In the existing law. The present House has passed a taxation Act which is found to he inoperative through faulty construction, and the only proposal is to remove that flaw so as to allow the will of Parliament to take effect in the manner already agreed upon.. Whether the proposed remedy fairly met the difficulty would form a legitimate subject for discussion, but it Is impossible to regard in that light the em bittered debate which took place last night on the abstract question of direct and in direct taxation. It may be admitted that the Opposition were not responsible for the oc casion which gave rise to that futile mobi lisation of the opposing fiscal forces. It was the business of the Government to have passed the laud and income tax laws in a. technically complete form, and any blatne meted out to them for not having done so would have been fairly deserved. That, however, was not made the ground of at tack last, night. The grievance of the Op position was not that the Act was techni cally defective, and, therefore, failed to carry out the constitutionally expressed will of the people, hut that tho Government wero attempting to make it do so. In effect, what they demanded was that tho Government, instead of rescuing the Act from the tech nical pitfall into which It has dropped, should leave it to perish there. Either that was what Mr. Lyne thought to hriug about, or he was simply talking to the outside elec tors, as wore the prominent members of the Opposition who supported liim. It is only the latter of these assumptions that can rea sonably bo enlortnincd. What had Mr. Lyne, therefore, to say to the country upon the qucs-tion of laud taxa tion? This is a matter about which the people would gladly accord him a hearing, hut although ho is willing enough In season and out of season to talk till they are tired of listening, he is careful to say nothing to which he will submit to be publicly pin ned. He even takes it as a grievance to be asked to state what he would do about tbe matter in the event of his appeal lo be entrusted with the administration of the country's affairs being granted. I-Ie pro fesses to have a secret fiscal recipe for creat ing a state of artificial prosperity, but the country must take It on trust or not at all. And why? Because, if he made it public, it would be pirated. Would Mr. Lyne him self, if engaging anyone to manage his own affairs, be content to enter into such an arrangement on such an excuse? It would bo preposterous to think so; yot, because the country will not put him in charge on those conditions, lie complains of unfair treat ment. This singular note of protest was do minant throughout the whole of his speech last night. Wiia t chance was he to have, lie- asked, when people were insisting upon having "every detail" of the policy which the Opposition propose to substitute for that of the Government disclosed. No one is ask ing for details. The Opposition themselves do not call the land tax a detail. They never weary of describing It as a matter 6f most vital Importance to the country. Mr. Lyne last niglit, for instance, argued that it is because tbe owners of large freehold estates are asked to contribute to the re venue, destitute persons are to be found in Sydney of nights sifting the rubbish bins for scraps of food. He also gave it as a rea son why so many workiess as well as "sick and decrepit" people are thrown upon the funds of the Benevolent Society. With a spirited revival of the protectionist party's old enthusiasm lu the cause of defaming Ihe country, he went on to picture the New South AVales community as largely subsist ing upon garbage and bcnevplonce. 'People, he said, were forced to eat scraps "which dogs had refused," and all because certain taxes had been taken off the necessaries of life and put upon accumulated wealth, Surely, therefore, he cannot regard the aboli tion or retention of these taxes as a "matter of detail." Yet that Is his only excuse when asked to say straight out whether he is prepared to take those obnoxious taxes off land again, or allow them to remain as they are. The policy of ihe Opposition, declares Mr. Lyne, is to provide work for the people, and that is all he lias to say about it. But how would pi-eventing the validation of the land and income taxes promote that object? The unfortunate persons whom he represented as "diving and delving up to their very arm pits" in the dustbins outside fashionable hotels do not pay either land or income tax; they are paid by the country visitors at these hotels, from whose plates the scraps are thrown out. IT the people without land paid their taxes for tlieiu in the shape of im posts upon food and clothing, and the ex empted landowners expended the penny in the pound thus saved in providing tliom with work, it is difficult to see how they would he anything in pocket by the arrange ment. The people who got employment un der It would be plainly working a dead horse. But Mr. Lyne, while opposing the Validating Bill and denouncing land taxa tion as the causo of national poverty and distress, still declines to say whether his fiscal policy involves protection with it or without it. Ho reminded the House last aight that ho was once more or less respon sibly identified with the principle of direct taxation himself, and ho went so far as to admit that "in tho distant future" he might or might not, in the event of certain cir cumstances arising, become a supporter of It ngaiu. AVe are, however, not concerned about "tbe distant future" just now. Tbe question is, would tbe Opposition, who with in twelve mouths at tho outside have to go to the country, in the event of their being favorably received by tho electors, continue the present land tax or repeal it and put a Customs duty in its place? It they are pre pared to do so, of course, their present at tempt to unfairly strangle that tax can be understood. If tliey are not, It lias no moan ing that would be worth the trouble of try ing 1o fathom. Until the Opposition pluck up courage to stand or fall by some definite policy, not for "the distant future," but for tbe actual present, they cannot expect to be taken seriously by the country. Even on the stump a politician must be prepared to give a fair answer to a fair question. 