r. complete story. JPXTBUSnED BY SPECIAL ABIIA^GEJIEXT.] I Ada EV3. Irschbold, $Autlior of "A Modern Bayard," <(3lissiug A Husband," See, Sec. [COrmiGUT.] r/£ Alcatray lay cradled on the waters like ar ^fmohautcd" island. Light, goldcD, biilliant, ' 'dazzling, flooding sky, ether, and wavi jemanuted in myriads of rays from the radiant ^ yellow-orbed sou which was dipping into th-: &«ea between tho outstretched arms of the Golden Gato of San Francisco Bay. Light t that transfigured the low rolling bill country ^skirting the southern sweep of the bay, into meadows of lambent sheen. Light, that1 & rolled over the vast northern range of rnoun ^tains, dimpled and modelled as California ^hills alone, in' opalescent tints which melted rihud changed in colour with every fleeting jj'eccond. Vers; Hanchcttc had never seen such I aoi sj«jght in her life. 'i. dho was sitting on tho looso, yellow soil of tho extreme. north-western comer of the island, with hiilocks of sand rising sheer at rs.licr buck cutting off all view of the fortifica ^-tions and barracks. She might havo been g-jthe first or the last woman in the world, so ■j/completo was her isolation. £ She lay there entranced, laving her whole J'bouI in tho spirit of living, ethereul beauty 3-;thut moved around, above, and on the waves ^"beneath her. ■ • She forgot that for six weeks she had been i.tossing on the Pacific Ocean till she hail ^ grown to hate the endless monotony of sea jTand sky, and sky and sea. She forgot that Sfche and her husband Lad only lauded-in Sun wFrancisco two days ago, and that the next t' week would find them climbing the lofty Sierras, and tearing across, the continent to reach New York in time for the first night of ^'hcr husband's new play. ! j? 'Masses of purple-blue lupines, erect and | v-graceful in their bright greeu sheaths, rose in £.-"*rild profusion round the silent, absorbed ^figure. Ono cluster 'at tho edge of the cliff ®/.waa silhouetted, from Vera's point of vision, h;wlth vivid effect against the primrose sky 'f^which bordered the distant hills. As she was ^'dreamily noting the richness of the contrasted f.< colours, a dark object rose suddenly behind i?the flowers, and blotted out the fair back Sfground. It was the head and shoulders of a man, '-^.bearded, dark, and hatless, who was nscend •Ting a steep path leading from the shore to the X Vera gave a surprised 'start, then smiled a, and said: \i "What a long- timo you liavo been, ^'Geoffry! "Where's your hat V* ;-i • Ay the whole figuro of tbo man came to #view she gavo an exclamation of dismay, and ^'herambled hastily to her feet. "• r/ The man was attired in a common gray ^uniform, minus bolt and budge, and carried ;i his cap in his hand. As he laboriously gained £ the plateau a second figure followed him, and iithen a third, till three men in similar attire jVstood.revealed to Vera's startled gaze. In 1 r.Vtheir immediate rear followed a soldier, armed :>fwith gun and sword. He pointed to the left V; sifter a quick glance at Vera, and they V-inarched smgle file round the comer of the ^hill and disappeared from sight, jjj:. Vera was trembling, but for no real ^reason, "bcyondthc fact that she had mistake) ,f'thc vague outline of the strange man for her ^'husband, whom she momentarily expected to '^'return. Geoffry had left her comfortably £be island to make a sketch for his article in an eastern journal on the Pacific coast. Tbo sudden interruption considerably cooled Veru'a enthusiasm. She- looked ^ around nervously, and all at once realised she 'iV/was alono. The air was getting chilly; she praised her shawl from the ground, shook the •£ sand from her dress, and then picked her way & through the flowers to the narrow. footway {circling the mounds of sand. Geoffry Hanchettc had finished his sketch, -i|and was hurrying back'to his wife as quickly Una possible, but ho had sturted in tbo opposite ^direction, therefore every step he and Vera §took carried them unconsciously further apart 'j/froin each other. Ho reached tho spot •i^aho had recently qnittcd, was surprised at her £ disappearance, but reflected she would speedily ^.return, and they might miss each other if he ^attempted to find her. He put ou his big '/"Inverness and threw himself on the ground to lyTratch. the sunset and wait for his wife. '-•J: iXcanwhilo Vera followed the vagaries of gthe pathway she had chosen, now descending ^between high banks, again descending to open "j|*pace; on one side looking down at the waves the foot of the cliff, on tho other at tho ^tunnelled walks behind the ramparts. \\\ Pinally the path emerged on tho parade -/ground, situated at the baso of the island, '-hflauked with heavy artillery which coui ./inanded awidesweepof tho bay. Somewhere 'there she expected to find Geoffry. He was in sight, so she crossed tlic ground, Ifjbesitated as to whether sho should take tho -/road leading to tho summit past the officers, ^quarters, or keep down on tho shore, with Jfcho intention of circling the islund and re j-^nraing to her former resting place. She ^decided to stay below, descended the sloping .^fcank, and began to choose her way cautiously t'irough tho pebbles and boulders border* ing tlie sea. On she went, with an occasional looked behind and ahead, but her chief atten tion given to protecting her feet from the sharply pointed stones, and her skirts from dipping into tho pools of sen water left by the receding tido in tno fissures of the rocks. She began to enjoy it, and lingered and dawdled tho timo away, while behind tho island the sun sank into the ocean, and cold gray tints woro creeping upwards and absorbing the last warm lines of the radiant sunset. A prolonged shrill steam whistle suddenly rang through the air. She had just reached a bend in the shore which commanded u view of the landing stage, sorno hundred yards distant. A small steamer was along the side ; some people and soldiers were standing near. Vera pulled out her watch. "Is that our boat? Yes, it is. How stupid of Geoffry ! I warned him about tho time." Sho began to run, but could not make quick progress over the rocky ground. For a moment she stopped to gain breath, and looked anxiously ahead in tho hope of seeing Geoffry on the look-out for her. The whistle resounded, the bell rang. A figure came down the hill at the other end of the wharf. As it came nearer Vera recognised her husband's long cloak and broad-brimmed hat. The sailors were draw ing in tho bridge when he gained the side of the pier. With one bound lie sprang over the open space into the boat. The watc-r splashed in the wheels, the engines throbbed, and in a moment the little steamer was swiftly cutting its way through the water. Vera, recovering from her paralysed horror at this marvellous desertion, rushed on waving her shawl frantically and trviug to attract attention. With heaving hosom unci suspiciously bright eyes she gained the wharf and accosted tlie first person sho met. 11 Tho boat has gone. I have been left behind. Can you stop it ?" Tho soldier listened respectfully, and nr. officer stopping into alow carriage ut the side of tho road turned at the sound of Vcra's voice, perceived she was a stranger, and camo forward to speak to her. 411 will speak to Captain Drayton," tho soldier replied. Ho fell back a step as the officer advanced, saluted, und added, "Here he is himself, raa'am." Vera felt that her position was extremely awkward. She knew nothing about tho island of Alcatray boyond tho facts that it lay in tho middle of San Francisco Bay, that it contained a fort and military prison, that no civilians lived on tho island," that Geoffry had been obliged to procure n pass from the Commander-in-chief to bo allowed to laud there at all, that the only means of access were the Government steamers which ran to and fro at certain intervals, and that the last one for that day had taken its departure, carrying her husband away in it and leaving her behind, a lonely, unprotected woman. " I have lost tho boat," sbo explained. 44 I came hero this morning with my husband. He went for a walk an hour ago, and instead of remaining where he left me I went to meet him. Somehow or other we have missed each other." Here she paused to gulp down a rising lump in her throat. "But you will easily find him/* began the captain, in reassuring tones. "No," said Vera, despairingly," he is in the boat." Here a comical side of the situa tion struck her, and she added, with the ghost of a smile: "I saw him take a flying leap just as it started." " X remember," said the captain, "I won dered who he was, but I see uou* why he performed that acrobatic feat. He fancied yon must be on board, and only found his mistake when too late." He diligently twisted his moustache and pondered, while Vera studied the horizon with increasing uneasiness. . "What am I to do?" she exclaimed. "I am unable to leave the island. There is no hotel, no " "That question is easily answered," was the quick reply. 111 was merely considering how you could let your husband know you were in safe keeping. My wife will, I know, be pleased to receive you as her guest for to-night. We can drive up to our house in a few moments." Vera made no demur. She was only too thankful to obey. Arrived at the house, Mrs. Drayton, tliu captain's wife, was soon made acquainted with the misadventureof herunexpccted guest, nnd she accentuated with cordiality the hos pitable offers of her husband. Dinner was soon anuounced, and beforo the first course was over they were chatting away like old friends. " If it wero not for tho anxiety my husband must be feeling, I should be glad the mistake was made," said Mrs. Hanchette smiling. " His suffering will not bo prolonged," said Captain Drayton. " The first boat gets here very early in the morning. If he is much upset he could even get over liere to-night in a sailing boat." "My dear," put in Mrs. Drayton, "Mr. Hancbetto will certainly telegraph, and in that easo his mitul will be at once relieved." As she spoko the soldier who waited at table entered tho room with a message. " Sergeant Johns wants to speak to you on important business, sir?" Captain Drayton excused himself, and left tho room. In a few moments lie returned, looking grave and worried. "Anything serious ?" asked hia wife. 14 Yes and no," ho answered. "An un accountable accident has happened either by chance or design, but luckily the man is not fatally injured." "Who is it? Don't be my 8 tenon.*," said Mrs. Drayton as Yera's faco changed colour. "One of the prisoners. Tho patrol found him insensible, 'with a big bruise on his fore head, lying behind that knoll by the targets. They liavo taken him to the sick ward. I must go and see him presently." "That is strange! How did it happen ?" " Proper investigation will solve the pro blem I have no doubt. Let us drop the sub ject. Mrs. Hanchctte is looking quite un happy." This ii nterruption recalled to Vera's mind the single file procession of gloomy men who had surprised her among the flowers'. She related the way in which she was startled to the Draytons, and how she had accosted the first head, popping up like a Jack in the box, its her husband. The evening passed away: no telegram arrived. Before going to bed Vera inquired the hour of the arrival of tho first morning boat. " I always meet tho boat myself, and shall probably bring Mr. Hancbettc back to break fast," said Captain Drayton. The wind rose in tho night, tho water moaned, Vera could not sleep. Her unusual situation worked upon her imagination, and made her nervous and apprehensive. She was waiting in the brcakfast-rcom next morning when Captain Drayton came up from the wharf. " Your husband has been the one to lose his boat to-day," he said, "but I am not sorry as it enables us to keep you longer, Mrs. Hanchctte." He did not add that he had personally telegraphed to their eitynddrcss and would shortly receive an answer. In. the middle of breakfast an orderly brought the cable message. Captain Drayton apmed it, with a hasty excuse, read it twice through, and then put it in his pocket without speaking. After the meal was over he showed liis wife the message: " 3Ir. Hanchette and wife have been absent from the hotel since yester day morning; baggage is still here.". "I see what has happened," said Mrs. Drayton, " he wandered about tryingtoiind a way of returning, and that failing, went to the nearest hotel for the night. Still, it is strange ho has not telegraphed himself, very," she added contemplatively.. She and Vera met the next boat. Two passengers stepped ashore, but neither was Geoffry Hanchctte. "I must get to the city at once," said Vera, this time seriously frightened. She had never been neglected by her husband in this fashion, and feared diro misfortune. "You can't unfortunately," said Mrs. Drayton, " the boat does not return till tho afternoon. You must come back to lunch with me, and we will see what can be done. You must nut worry, he is all right; we may find a telegram waiting." •There was no alternative. On their way up the hill they were met by Captain Drayton. "Has the truant turned up ? No ! So much the better !" he said cheerfully, as he noted Vera's palpable distress. There was something uncanny about this husband of hers. "\Vhy did he not come or telegraph, or show some interest, however slight, as to bis wife's fate ? "How is that injured prisoner?" asked Mrs. Drayton, to change the subject. "He is not in his right senses yet, has been raving, so the warder said. I must see him when lie is fit to speak, as the report is wait ing to be sent in, and no ono knows how he was hurt." A soldier stopped Captain Dray ton as he was speaking. "I must go to him now," he continued, "excuse me for a while." He went up a wooden stairway in the lock side, and was soon in tho sick ward. Loud altercation met his ear upon entering. " Unhand me, man ! Do yon hear ? How daro you keep me here against my will!" This ^Was queer language for a prisoner's ward. "Tho man is raving again !" thought Captain Drayton. "What is the meaning of this commotion," he called out iu commanding tones, as he strode forward with an air of military severity. Several soldiers were standing together, and in their midst, by a disordered bed, waa a tall, wbite- robed figure, with a bandage round his head. Ho was strug gling to find his way through tho group of men, talking loudly with frantic gesticula tions. "Hilton! Got into bed instantly!" called the captain, stonily. The man looked round and eyed the speaker ferociously. " With a change of tune he said: 41 You are an officer, I perceive, and I pre sume you have authority to command these men to stand back and let me alone." Captain Drayton was momentarily silent, from amazement.. Tho soldiers, eager to propitiate him, suddenly fell upon the offender and forced him back to bed. Taken by sur prise, he was pinned down, unable to move, but his eyes blazed with fun*. 44 Tell me," he shouted; 44 tell me for what fiend in creation you take mo ?" 44Prisoner No. 9! James Milton!" said one of the soldiers promptly. Captain Drayton walked to the bedside and regarded the refractory patient with curiosity. Tliis was an entirely new departure in the character of No. 9. He did not know the man iu this role. No. 9 wus biting his lips; his eye fell upon tho officer. 44 Will you order your men off ?" he said, evidently trying to control himself. 441 have told them till I lost.all patience, that I am_not No. 9, nud am not a soldier at. all." 44 Then, who aro you?" asked the captaiu, to humour his mood. "I am an Englishman, writer and journalist by profession; I never was a soldier, and never wish to be o Captain Drayton eyed tho prostrate figure intently. Was tho man crazy? The closely cropped hair, the strongly pronounced features, the beetling brow, nil pointed to the decided physiognomy of prisoner No. 9. He looked "at the hands, but they shapely, well kept, and delicate, not in the least like hands nsed to manual labour. "What did you say?" repeated the officer after this brief summary. " Who are you ? " "Geoffry Hanchette," shouted tho ex asperated man with a ringing staccato. "By heavens!" exclaimed the captain; "explain how you got here. Stand back there," he said, waving his hand to the soldiers. "That is more than I can say. I only know I came to this island with my wife; I had promised to meet her at a certain spot, and was waiting for her when a terrific blow struck mc on the head. How I got hero, the Lord only knows.'' If this was Mr. Hanchette then where was No. 9 ? This problem was solved as soon as Mr. Hanchctte's clothes were produced. They were at once identified as those worn by prisoner No. 9: ergo, wherever • Mr. Hanchctte's clothes happened to be, there would No. 9 bo found. Tho flying figure of tho boat incident flashed across the captain's mind. The rascal had fully eighteen hours' start. However, Mr. Hanchette's removal to more comfortable quarters was the first considera tion, and by the time he was well enough to leave the island, both he and Vera only i retained a very softened impression of the I disaster that nearly proved a terrible tragedy 1 in the experiences of their wedded life. I 