An Adventure with a Ghost. When I was a !ad of seventeen, I was office boy for Pinkerton's Philadelphia agency, and was just wild, of course, to be sent out on a case. Every time the cap. hain got a new job I would slide up to him and say: "Capen, you'd better let me go out on that," and he would answer with a quizzical grin, "Not this time, Harry. Wait till the cext case." Along in December of that year there was a great rush of business at our office. We had lifteen detectives, all eld experi enced hands, and they were on the jump iightand day. We could not handle the business that was coming in, and the cap tain calling out in fun from his private office, "I guess we'll have to let you take the next case, Harry." Hardly had he said the words when the door opened and a raw old countryman entered, lie proved to be Joe Blaylis, a Montgomencry county justice of the peace, and lie wanted the cantain to send a man . down with him to attend to a ghost who was cutting didos at Fort Washington. Thie captain told him he would send a man as soon as he had one at his disposal. Thile old fellow left and I jumped to my feet. "Captain," I said, "send me on the case. The captain leaned back in the chair and looked at inc hard. "See here, Harry," he said, " suppose I were to send you, what would you do I" I outlined a very, elaborate canspaign ''t gh~iiijte'th~e ghost:'" He let me finisah and then said : " You'd make a confounded ass of yourself, now, wouldn't youl You'd nmake us the laughing stock of the town. Now listen. In the first place, always bear in mind there is no such thing as a ghost. If I send you to Fort Washington, got here with that idea in your head. There is no such thing as a ghost. If you see the ghost and get near enough, jump for it. It will turn out to be a human bcing-no doubt of that. Now, I'll let you go and try your hand. If you see the ghost and think you can't handle it, lie low and follow it and see who it is." The captain gave me money and away I went. I felt pretty brave, forit was broad dilaylight then, but there were times when .1 wished myself well out of the thing. I got to Fort Washington about three o'clock iand inquired the way to the haunted house from the station agent. I found it on a hill about half a mile from the town,, and looked it over with interest and apprehen sion. It was an old white frame mansion standing in Park-like grounds with plenty of outhouses about it. Some countrymen whom I met, toldl me that the ghost was in the habit of standing on top of the broad stone wall that skirted the roadway. Th'lere was an outhouse so situated that any one concealed in it could overlook the whole stretch of wall from end to end, and 1 made up my mind that this was the place for me to get into before the ghost umade its appearance. Then I went back to the hotel, took my supper and chatted with the waiters and a few loungers about the ghost. Ilearned that it first appeared about three weeks before my arrival. A mani named McTanish, an ignorant farm hand, was the first person to en counter it. He was coming to the town one night from the grist-mill with a sack of meal on his back, and paused for a moment in front of the old house to set the bag down on a stump and rest his shoulder. He heard a voice behind him, and turning round saw standing on the wall a figure he afterwards said was fifteen feet high at least. He did not stop to observe the figure very carefully, thouq~ , ..bUt'ru au "h r·aw' ica w'aow' fl doanlhe": road. Next night a party of men saw the ghost and they also ran. They said the glhost made after them breathing fire and insmatone aind acting in a peculiarly weird and ulnholy manner. After that the house was avoided at night, but several strong parties of men, including the select men of the town, saw the ghost from a respectful distance. It approached them in each case, and in each case they took to their :heels. About dusk I stole down to the deserted ihouse. and it was dark when I got there. I slid along the wall to the outhouse, crept cautiously in and shut the door again. Hardly had I shut the door when I knew that there was some other person in that outihouse. I felt sure there was somebody clo.,e to my elbow. I was trembling like a led, but I managed to pull a match from Siuy pocket and strike it. I held it up. It showed me a big white muffled figure not two feet away. Then the match went out. Was I scared 1 Weil, now, I should say so. There are 1sonie people who laugh! at the idea of a iman s hair standing on end. They say it is a physical impossibility, but I know better. I could feel my hair rise right up and lift my hat, and my flesh crept. But I lhad to jump. I shut my eyes and grabbed for the ghost. I was so frightened 1 seemed to lose consciousness for a moment, but grabbed something and held on. When the first shock passed I felt the ghost tugging and pulling to get away from me. It seemed as badly frigh tcued as I was, andits hands were soft and wairnm. " Don't hurt me," it said in a terrified voice. I had no voice to reply with. I was choking, but I pulled my captive out on the lawi and looked at it in the moon light. The sheet that had been muffled anout the figure, fell to the ground-a pictty girl of 15 was disclosed. I was iI a cold perspiration and shaking as if recovering frcm a shock of electricity, but ,~.wheurl;~saw,~~a;Th; 3cat-Lbtadcagta L began to feel better and' presently was. sule to talk. '" Tho are you I" he asked. "Jennie Baylis." " What ! the daughter of Joe Baylis 1" " Yes, sir." " What are you doing this for 1" The girl began to cry. She said she hail not meant any harm. She and her sister had played ghost just tohave some fun. Her sister was usually with her, but did not come this night, as she was too busy. She had heard from her father that'a detective was coming to catch the ghost, but thought he was not due for a day or two, and resolved to make one last, a'ppearnce and then give up the perfor. mannce till things calmed down. "Who are you '" she asked.' "I'm the detective," I said. She looked mc over in evident awe and consternation, tinged with some surprise on account of my age. " What are you going to do with me 1" SI shall have to expose youd" The girl cried aigain and begged' to be released and allowed to go home, but that did not suit me at all' I said she was my prisoner and as such I must deliver her lip to the authorities, and after a good 'iheal of waiting, she suggested that I had better givo her up to her own father. I ig'eeld to that, and picking up the sheet, I hekl her sr'.i anid utook her with ine to herfather's house, about a mile distant. "Don't you knoir you might have been killed by some of those people you fright ened 7" I asked. "No, sir, I never thought of that. Everybody who saw me ran away." When we got to the farm-house where Jennie lived it was half-past nine o'clock. Everybody was in'bed and the lights were all out, but I boldly knocked at the door. A window opened and a man's voioe said: "Who's there 7" : " Afe." "Who's me 7" "The detective." "You're rather late. Why did you n wait till to-morrow 7 Better come round and see me in the morning." "I want to see you now. I have the ghost." At this the window was closed with a bang, and I heard hurried steps on the stair. The door opened and old Baylis stood in the doorway. He was draped in a very long old-fashioned white gown and wore a tall steeple-shaped night-cap. one hand help up a tin candlestick and the other shaded the light. A circle of beard sweep ing under his chin from ear to ear made him look very comical. Hie looked at me in astonishment and when he saw his daughter and the sheet I thought he was going into convulsions. "You, Jennie 7" he asked at length. " Yes, father," said Jennie very humbly. Old Baylis sighed and said !"Come in."1 lie sent for the neighbours imimediately. I don't knew what was said at their meet. ing, for I was not admitted to it, but old Baylis gave Inme a letter to the captain and packed nme off on the midnighttrain. Next morning I reached the office early and found all the nmen presenlt. waiting for the captain to detail tihem. The men grinned at me and passed the tine of day plea santly enough. They all knew where I had been and anticipated a wonderful tale of disaster and defeat, which they were ready to laugh at, although I was a favourite with them, having done many a piece of extra work for every man there. " I thought I sent you to FortWashing ton, Harry'" said the captain. " Yes, sir." " Made an ass of yourself, I suppose?" "There's a letter, sir." VWhile the captain read the letter the men guyed me. " This is a very niice letter, Harry," said the captain. "Boys, the youngster cap tuaedl the ghost." "Did he 1" said the men. "Yes, sir, he did. The boy is a credit to us," and then the captain read the letter of the selectmen out loud. At every sentence I grew a foot. " WVell, how did you do iti" several inquired. 1 told the story, and you may be sure I did not refrain from giving myself plenty of credit. My tale was very highlly coloured. When it was con cluded, Long Jim Lanlgdon drawled out: "Harry, tell the holinest truth. Was you frightened when that match went out I" "No, of course not!" said I. But I was frightened two years later, when I asked the ghost to marry me, and I thought she was going to say no. Iow ever, she didn't.-" Texas Stftings." 