[?] The Right Hon. Sir George Turner, P.O., K.C.M.G., D.C.L., M.L.A. (I think that ia about all), is. drawing near his native shores again, and everyone neems anxious to wel- come linn with a smoke night. Tlio A.N.A. mean to smoke in his honor on one evening, the Ministry on another, the St. ICiidn coun cil is also anxious to have a few whiffs with the local member, and no doubt Parliament will feel itself called upon to join in a pipe of peace. If Sir George still suffers from those rheumatic twinges, he ought to be quite "cured" after four or five smoke nights —lie should he something in the nature of a smoked knight in fact. I hope the Premier will receive a more appropriate welcome, ono that will leave no opening for enemies to insinuate anything about the big Imperial visit ending in smoke. The wreck of llie Tasmania was a most dramatic affair, and the conduct of all on hoard after the crash was in beautiful ac cord with all the finest theories as to how people should behave under such trying con- ditions. When wc consider how easy it is to theorise in a comfortable bar parlor, or at a convenient writing desk, and remember how linrd it is to recall and act up to those theories when a ship is plunging on a rock, and the wind is howling, and the black waves are tossing their wet grey locks in the faces of the suddenly awakened passen gers, we cannot help feeling genuine admir ation for the people of the Tasmania because tliey did not run wild and try to outsbriek the elements. The piano playing incident is the most dramatic touch of all, but if put into a real drama six months ago it would certainly have been laughed at by the critics as an outrage on the probabilities. The dramatist or author can now enlarge on the incident. What a thrilling tableau is sug gested. A boat load of passengers drawing off from the doomed ship, hearing fitfully the notes of the piano. The final plunge of tha vessel, and the last strain of Home, Sweet Home borne upon the blast as the waters eddy over the great ship and hor human freight. Mr. Trenwitli filled the Opposition mem bers with amazement and en%y the other evening in the House when he declared that his candidature as an aspirant to a seat in the Federal Convention cost him £3 63. "What does a Parliamentary election cost you?" asked Mr. Staugliton. "Under £20," was the reply, and a great sigh went up from those gentlemen who have to pave their way into Parliament with golden coins. Mr. Trenwitli represents that class which, according to a good old Conserva tive tradition, is washed to the polls with floods of beer. It was always the Tory who was most liberal with liquid refresh- . ments. "I don't believe the electors of — — will swallow your ideas," was once said to a candidate who still ornaments the Assem bly. "I'll provide liquor enough to wash them down," was the reply. Of the same man, an Irishman, was asked: "AVhy is — - called the standing member?"; "Sure, ye omadliaun! nint it is his business to bo alwiz standin' drinks?". was the reply. Sir Rupert Clarke, whose voto overthrew tho Exported Products Bill, is strong on the ; liberty of the subject, and declared that ho would not object to Government inspection of dairies "if it were mado optional." That is exactly what the condemned mnn said about hanging— it would be a good thing if it were optional. After what we have read recently of certain dairies planted down in sewage sloughs, the beauty of an optional system of inspection comes home, to us with / extraordinary force, and convinces all that the young baronet and M.L.C. has . a most comprehensive grasp of this great question. I would advise Sir. Rupert to go a little fur ther when the matter come3 up again, and ... suggest the appointment of a large staff of highly paid inspectors, of education, gentle manners and social standing, whose duty it ' will be to visit dairies on receipt of a cour teously worded invitation from the proprie tors, printed on scented pink paper and tied with a pale green ribbon, care being taken ' by.- the inspectors during the visit to observe \- the social amenities and customs of an after- noon call. Captain S. B. Johnson, of the good ship Plios, has the deep sympathy of all right tliinking free-traders in this community. Cap- tain Johnsen is a free-trader of the good old ; style, one who is prepared to sacrifice much in the maintenance of his cherished prin ciples. As a result of this passion for li- berty his magnificent trick ship has been seized by the Customs authorities, and Cap tain S. B. Johnsen is left lamenting, The Phos is indeed a wonderful vessel, designed as cleverly as the cabinet of a professor of legerdemain to nppear to he anything ' but what she really "is. But the customs de tectives are familiar witli the mysteries ; of the smuggler's art, and lliey have pros- . peetcd the Plios, and bottomed on dutiable . goods all over the ship, in innumerable se cret drawers and hidden places. Indeed, I would not be surprised if Detective Christie were to discover that half of the crew are merely cleverly designed automatons, filled to the chin with fine old whisky, and that . Captain Johnsen himself has a mechanical leg, a cork arm or two, and a false front, stowed witli precious stones and other valu able merchandise. Captain J. will be called upon to pay a very stiff fine, and the seizure „ of the ship means that if he cannot pay up he will have built the Phos for us. . Whatever may happen between church .and stage, it is not so hard to bring church and platform together. Mr. Cameron, . M.L.A., lias already succeeded in doing this, and the Rev. Father O'Callaghan is busy crying his praises through the electorate of ! Evelyn in anticipation of the general elec tions, and even finds time in between in tervals of worship to enlarge upon the intel lectual and moral grandeur of E. H. Canie- ron, wlio now stands as a candidate in 'tlie proud position of being vouched for by the chtircli. Which reminds me of the story of a holy father at Gordons, who many years ago made strenuous efforts to secure the whole Bnugarce vote for a. certain candi- date. The candidnte was -hopelessly beaten, 'and fell very ill from sheer disgust. Coming from his bedside one day with the doctor, ; his reverence complained bitterly of his ' failure to put the "pore bhoy" into Parlia- ; meat. "Tut, tut, father!" cried the doctor; "that's nothing. You will find it a still tougher job to get him into heaven." . While the coming estimates were being got ready for the Treasurer one of the heads of , the departments asked for suggestions of economy from his officers. It was proposed that the denartmcnt should cease subscrib- ing for several provincial papers, and the .head fell in with tlie idea. At once nume rous objections to such an economy were raised by a large number of his staff. He was puzzled at this, especially as each ob jector had a different reason. There was unanimity only on one point — that, if the papers had to go, at least one gold fields journal, .which tliey all named, was too ' useful to lose. In his perplexity lie sent for the officer who made tlie suggestion origi nally, and asked him why all the staff con- ' sidored the one journal so useful. "Oh," " answered he, "that paper goes through | .every room regularly, because it has good racing tips." Tlie chief decided that, while the paper might be useful, it was not need- ! fill, and the estimates of that department will be so much tlie less next year. / Political candidates may take warning from the recent experience of Mr. Blank, M.P., who is electioneering- early and late, : and who the other dny encountered Mrs. Smith and many little Smiths, at the front gate. The designing politician introduced himself, "I am Blank, you know, the mem ber," and . toyed for 10 minutes wilb the Smith baby. Then lie gave the Smith boy . Cd., and held discourse with Mrs. Smith for quite a quarter of an hour on sanitary and domestic matters. Finally the M.P. tried to get down to business. "And liow is your good man doing just now, madam?" "He is ; | doingwell/'saidMre. Smith, "but it ain't no credit to him, 'cause lie can't help it. He was sentenced to six months on'y a few days back." "Good day, ma'am," snid Blank, ' sadly, "this is my busy day." ' Underneath the tragedy of Mr. Rawson's -attack on the Deputy Postmaster- General there is a broad vein of comedy, only the member for Kynoton docs not know it. Up to a point his story- of the Woodcnd post office is quite correct. It is true that Mr. Duffy promised to build nn office, hut he left the troublesome matter of "ways and means" to his deputy. When Mr. Outtrim . fixed on a site lie found that the owner :held exorbitant ideas as to value, \- He 'objected to paying a fancy price \- for the land/ and opened ' up hegotia- \- tions witli tlie railways to - take over . "-the postal work' at Woodend. Then it was .'that Mr. Rawson unstoppered the vials of ,; his wrath.' - He did not know that while' ho ' was- fulminating ' against' the deputy that hapless inheritor of. departmental troubles .'was conning a /letter, from, the railways de- cliningto take over tlioWoodcnd post office, and was wondering what .he would do in consequence, Mr. J. L. Purves, Q.C., is the last man one would have expected to he deceived by the guileful machinations of the man out back possessed of nothing hut his. native impudence and a vigorous "wild cat"; but Mr. Purves lent bis ear to the seductive whisperings of the delusive stranger, and invested in his mine. The Q.C. continued to invest,' but doubt's were awakened at last, rand a. gentleman was sent -from Mel- j bourne to see if the stone in the mine would really go ISO oz. to the ton, the horrible sus- l picion having dawned upon the owners here that perhaps it would not yield -more than half that amount. The original proprietor was discovered in the vicinity of a rural hotel, "quarts"- mining, but- the fabulous reef has mysteriously disappeared, and it is felt that it would be useless to advertise it amongst things lost, Btolcn of strayed. It may interest Mr. Purves to know, whilst whipping the cat, that n brother jirofes- sional once bought a fifth share in an ima ginary Dunolly mine on the strength of a bag of specimens manufactured at Foots- cray out li quarter of a cwt. of quartz and an old-gold brooeli. The suburban and provincial ghost makes his appearance again, and local papers abound with the sickening details. The spectre, goblin, banshee, or whatever the visionary visitor may be, is variously de scribed, but is always strictly . orthodox, with flamiug eyes and sulphurous breath, and the usual ghostly attributes. It is use-, ful to know that even witli ghosts similia simililius curantur, and the story of how a gliost was "laid" at Cluncs is interesting and instructive. Tlie goblin was in the habit of appearing to women and children in the vicinity of an abandoned mine, past which ran a .path between two parts of the town. One night two or three young fel lows in women's clothes went walking by to lure tlie goblin. They were successful. The apparition rose up from behind nil old boiler with a blood-curdling cry, hut at the same moment a second spook, niuch more hideous than tlie first, popped up from amongst the scattered timber and con fronted him. Ghost ' No. 1 shrieked and fell prone, and was rushed and captured by the supposed women, when it was seen that the dreaded spectre had fainted.- He was brought to by being soused in a dam, and Cluncs lias been singulnrly free from spooks ever since. Two young ladies, intent on household affairs, visited a favorite suburban mart, and on entering the furnishing department were received by nn Adonis who, in the in tervals of business, tenderly caressed his side whiskers. He fluently recommended the goods, and was so overpowering!- elo quent that his customers were almost per suaded to become purchasers. Tliey pro mised to consider, and said they would call again. A week later they renewed their visit, and noticed that some of the articles tliey most admired had been removed. "Oh, what lias .become of those . beautiful sideboards?" they asked. "Haw, wcally," replied Adonis, smirking witli delight, "I had to shave them off, don't you know." . io-jiioir.-, .iAUSttCUS." \- " ' ' r""' 