THOMAS JARVIS INTER VIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our' representative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Tarvis. 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. lie was disrovered nursing a two year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest ,en in Sydney. He was o p and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical ill ness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to con valescence In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: " You want to know all about my case 1 Well, I am glad of an opportunity to telt you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?" " Well twelve mouths ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago. next Christ mas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady. I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " sVhat were the symptoms ?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as 1 cou'd bear. They were for all the world lik, as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over amy bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and si aking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well known doctorand he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." '"Did Vou make use of the order 1" " No; 1 came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact. I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a questio. of days when I would give up the ghost. Mly docrct was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cordnl, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary more ments. LHe told me that I might last for te" years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that me-ical :opinion is not iniallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea con veyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the '"Australian Workman," by Dr. William's Pink Pi'Ps for Pale People. I iead in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. 1 was able to eat and s'eep as though nothing was the matter with me. It Was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately !eft the bed and was able to more about. I have taken four boxes of 'ink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about witlh the aid of a stick, and am gradu ally, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for nme before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." " lie is 100Iter cent. better," said Mrs darris. who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis :ooked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. '" I can now'" continued Jarvis. have a cold bath. and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to restLpe work as a boiler- maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the pat five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepi.ce there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden theex cruciating pain. But they can stay where they are. for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly belizve their eyes. My bcmg about again has caused quite a vensationr out here. Such is this remarkable history, and it con firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing curL. wrough" by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People They cu'- loccmotcr ataxy, partial paralys:s. and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arises from an impoverished state of the blood, such as an umia, pale and sallow com plexion, general muscular weakess, indigestion loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, &c.; The it Journal des Debatas," 'ne of the leading Paris newspaperC, makes some bitter reflections onil what it de clares has been the recent bungling of France in allowing England to occupy posts on the Niger that really belong to the French. 