A Judicial Error. "" NOVEL. By Marion Manville Pope. CHAPTER X. — (Continued. ) Hoiks said his deafness was increasing, so that presently he would not be able to hear the bell ; but after a day or so had elapsed it . was discovered that he was unusually deaf : only upon that subjeot of the canal gate. The wag or the town, who had fallen into : the humorous habit of treating life as a joke 'at the world's expense, seized one of his ad mirers by the elbow and dragged him to an adjacent dry. goods box. . 4 Say, Jim, come 'ere. I want to set , down somewhere and feelgood. I've treed the possum.' 'That's so ?' ' You bet. You know John Brass's boys ; well, they'd been fishin', or rattin', or wood- chuokin', — devillin' some way, no difference how, — and they was takin' things in by the back gate while we was staudin' with our mouths open at the front.' ' So I hear.' Now you know we was all Beein' through our ears that night, and I've just thought out what it was we seen.' ' You don't Bay 2 What was ;t ?' Ghosts!' ' Get out!' ' Fact ; that's all 'twas. You see the doc tor and Caleb was havin' a friendly little sparrin' match, and Caleb hit him » liojk over the" eye.' And the wag proceeded to explain in what he considered to be a killingly funny manner the details of this matoh. But the joke fell flat. There were two or three things in the world that people thought ought to be sacred from the jests of a man afflicted with chronic funnies, and the mis fortunes of the Manor seemed to be one. In the meanwhile many of these rumors reach sd the doctor through the confidences of sick rooms, whither they had been wafted upon the wave of general excitement that had swept through the place. They were naturally annoying, and added to the anxieties of a man who already felt himself weighed to the earth with care and responsi bility. Among other things, too, " he" had learned that Mr. Baxter was sick, — had fainted in the new church one morning and been confined to bis room ever since. It was feared he would not be able to take part in the dedicatory services, and the church board had talked of postponing it, but this the minister would not hear to, so prepara tions were going on. Dr. Matheson had not . been called to the case, and, meeting the old homoeopathic physician, who was in attend ance, he had stopped to inquire for the patient. The old gentleman's report was not encouraging, and, on the other hand, not discouraging. His patient seemed to be suffering from great nervousness and prostra tion, a general collapse and debility, probably due to the hard winter's work and to the warm weather coming on so suddenly. Of course he had an organic trouble, and that had to be humored, but he hoped to havehimout in a few days, — not, probably, in time to take part in the services next Sunday: that was very doubtful. Dr. Matheson thanked him civilly and rode on, inwardly thinking, with a young allopath's scorn, ' I suppose he's trying to pull him out on the one hundredth trituration of a drop of some simple.' . But, mindful of what his friend Bowman had told him, the doctor was troubled about the minister's condition. Riding along with r . the reins hanging loosely in his hands and . his head bent forward od his breast like a man in deep thought, he suddenly reined up, dismounted at Ann's little cottage on . ''i K' ' . the outskirts of the town, and went in. He wsa in the habit of making almost daily calls there upon the Manor business, but it hap pened that he had not been there before for two or three days. ' Ann,' said he, abruptly, ' what does Bridget tell you about the minister's table? ' 'About the minister's table, surr?' re peated the woman, as one repeats a question m order to gain time to fence over the an swer. The doctor's temper was touchy; he said, ourtly, — , ' Now, none of your shilly-shallying and roundabout answers. I'm m a hurry, and 'have no time for evasions. I hear he sets a very poor table.' 'Why, yes, surr,' answered Ann, reluo- tantly, ' so he do.' . ' Well, I happen to know why he thinks he ought to, aud as a medical man 1 know he is making a great mistake.' The doctor took out a roll of bills and extracted one which he laid upon the table; 'Now, Ann, this is Saturday. I don't know what the man has had in the way of nourishment this last week, but I want you to see that he has good strengthening food next week, and to morrow, and, for the matter of that, to night. I want you to take this money and go right over to town and buy what you think is necessary, — good beef for tea, and get a chicken and show Bridget how to make him some chicken-broth.' Perceiving that the doctor's object in questioning waB purely benevolent, or seem ingly so, Ann's tongue was at once loosened. ' Sure, sorr, Oi'll go wid playzure, an' thankin' ye intil the bar&ain.; It's a good young man the minister is, an' it's stharvin' himsilf he's bin intoirely. Why, iver since Oi've bin doin' a little outside bakin' Oi've sint thim rolls twioe't a wake, but mate we sees little av oursilves, an' thim ladies as is af ther Binding' him poi an' cakes, an' .sioh loight sthuff, knows but little how sthayin' a bit of steak wud be instid, as Bridget often says. Sure she's kep 'im in tay this winter out av her own wages : it's a good gurrul Bridget is. Only the day before yisterday she waB over, fetchin' this ould suit of the minister's fur Andy. He'd laid it by fur over a year, an' the moths was atin av it, so he tould Biddy to bring it over fur Andy, —since he was siok, that was, whin he had toime to think about thim things.' For the first time the doctor noticed that Ann had provided herself with a tin basin and a small sponge, and was about to sit down beside a chair across whose seat was laid a pair of black pantaloons, neatly folded, but showing signs of wear in the stretched and baggy outlines of the knees and the shiny condition of the cloth. Over the chair-back was hanging a coat of long ministerial cut, also showing usage, though evidently not recent, for there were creases in the collar and down the length of the garment, that looked as if it had been long hung over a nail and stretched by its un moved weight upon it. The doctor glanced casually at this chair and its burdens. ' Now leave that cleaning until another time, Ann, and put ou your bonnet and go right about this business,' said Dr. Matheson in that genial coaxing tone he knew so well how to use when occasion required. Very good, surr, only Oi've jist put wan tin av biscuit in the oven, and they must be taken out in fifteen minutes by the clock. It's doubtin' Oi am if Oi oan be back as soon as that.' « Oh, never mind the biscuit, Ann, that's a good soul. The minister won't get his ohioken-broth before midnight unless it's put on pretty soon.' And then, laughing, as Ann stood, plainly torn by her desire to go and her fear for her tin of biscuits, he added, 'I'll watch the biscuits. You tell me just the minute by the clock that they are to be taken out, and I'll see to the baking for you. You've no idea what a oook I am.' ' Ooh, surr, sure Oi wouldn't be bodderin a foine ginthleman loike yersilf to be afther seeing to an ould woman's baking.' But, as her mind was plainly relieved and the doctor insisted, she hurriedly smoothed her hair, took off her apron, put on an old wreos of a bonnet, and, giving him minute directions as to the exact minute to remove the tin, and mind and not burn his fingers doing it, she hurried delightedly off, her. fat shoulders shaking as Bhe went down the road and thought of the doctor at his unaccustomed task. Left thus alone, he wandered idly about for a few minutes, took a drink of water, locked speculatively at Andy's flower-beds and wondered what he had in them, and tben, strolling into the house to take another look at the clock and perceiving that he had still eight minutes to wait before removing the tin, drew a chair up near the open door aud sat down. Everything was very quiet, both within and without. There was a fresh, appetizing smell in the kitchen from Ann's baking, aud the floor and table were white as sand from their Saturday's scrub bing. Sitting thus comfortably .tilted back in his ohair, with one hand in his pocket and the other idly flicking the boot whioh rested over his knee with the lash of his riding- whip, he looked about him with negative curiosity, thmking that olean poverty was not unattractive, and wondering dully if few luxuries and few oares did not constitute the condition of greatesthappiness, after all. The only trouble was, he thought, that people never know when they are happy : they only know when they are miserable. The ticking of the clock sounded home- like' in the tidy kitchen, and was the only sound except the flicking of the lash on his dusty boot. Outside, the street was as deserted and still as a country road ; through the open door he heard the robins singing with that friendly fearless note that means good will to the world and companionship and mating affairs to each other. The afternoon sun streamed over the floor and the doctor's feet, and illuminated the minister's dingy old coat beyond. It wanted three minutes of the time when Ann had told him to remove the biscuits. But suddenly his wandering atten tion was arrested by a spot on the left lapel of the coat on the ohair, —a dull, rusty half of a splash, abruptly ended, as if the other half had been broken off or intercepted by something else. The sunlight caught at this rusty stain, and held it up, and played about it, and pointed at it with a golden finger. The clock ticked portentously louder nnd louder, as it sometimes does in the night when one's nerves are stretched taut at some alarm in the darkness and the listener holds his breath to catch the confirming sound. The idly swaying chair tilted Bharply for ward, and the chair-legs and the whip fell upon the floor together. The doctor rose and stretched his hand out for the coat, hold ing it blindly before him, yet seeing nothing for a moment. He stood swaying giddily like a man in a vertigo, and then, glancing up and perceiving that the three minutes were up, he flung the garment over his arm and opened the oven door. A puff of hot air with a sweet wheaten smell rushed out : he laid hold of the pau with his fingers and pulled it towards him. The cloth which Ann had laid handy for the purpose was for gotten, and, clumsily taking the hot tin by a corner with his own coat-tail for a holder, he slid it upon the table and dropped it with a bang. Coming in half an hour later, just as the sun was setting, Ann exclaimed, ' Och, it's soggy they'll be intoirely, fur the doother forgot to turn the tin over an' take thim out.' But her lamentations were speedily forgotten and swallowed up in a discovery. Some one had stolen the coat that the minister had given Andy. CHAPTER XI. Three weeks had passed, during which time the pulpit of the new ohurch had been supplied by strangers, owing to the illness of the pastor. Whatever might be the Rev. Mr. Baxter's mental Btate, the rest and nourishment and care he had received had benefited him physically, and he was ex pected to fill his pulpit the following Sunday. During these three weeks an extraordinary change had been noticed in Dr. Matheson. He was light-hearted, even hilarious at times. A load seemed to have been removed from his mind, and he was heard humming or whistling as he stood upon the steps of varoius houses, waiting to be admitted in his daily calls upon patients. Every one noticed the change, and every one rejoiced at it. Well,' said the town wag, I guess the doctor's got that detective bee out of his bou- not at last, and that's left room for good healthy ideas to buzz round again.' It was therefore only in line this change, and hence not as surprising as it would otherwise have been, for a few of his old friends to receive an invitation, verbally de livered for the most part, to drop in on Tues day evening and witness some scientific ex periments which might be interesting. Among others, Mr. Baxter was invited by a rather formally written note. While not especially interested in soienoe, the minister had long ago discovered, as must every one who strives to please the public, that even the remotest subjects lying in the line of information do not come amiss, and that, being Btored by, all things add to the re sources of the orator, who can never draw water from an empty well. But late on the afternoon of Tuesday a tremendous storm of wind and rain broke over the little town. The day had been in tensely sultry, and blinding flashes of light ning, accompanied by deafening crashes of thunder, torched and trumpeted the storm. It looked for a while as if the doctor's science would have to give plaoe for that evening at least to the crude foroes of nature. During this elemental struggle the min ister had sat in his study with his feet under the black roses, looking intently at the face whioh formed his one work of art. He had taken the picture down from the wall, and sat holding it in one hand while he shaded his eyes with the other, sadly wondering what his life would have been if she had lived. It waB a sweet face, a good face, and a motherly, face, young as it was. The beautiful shoulders were modestly bare, after the fashion of her day, and there was a faint, sbadowy smile about the rather full lips ; not so much a smile, perhaps, as the sug gestion of one, or the suggestion, rather, that the beautiful mouth smiled readily and often. She was only a memory to the sou held her picture in his thin white hand, — a fair, gracious memory of never- failing love and watchfulness and tender cradling arms and gentle care,— a sweet memory of all those things whioh we sum up in the term mother-love, the tenderest, truest, faith- fullest, least exaoting, and most unselfish love in the world. The knowledge of it was more a development than a memory in the heart of the man who looked upon her pictured face, — the negative photography upon the mind of a child who sees and feels as he passes, but does not understand, developed years afterwards in the mind of the man by the slow, sad chemicals of time, that stain as they touch. Developed by this process, the man knew and understood what the child had failed to know or understand. Loneli ness had taught him what that companion ship was and would have meant to him ; indifference had made plain to him what love waB ; bitterness and greed and the hard- heartedness of the world had made strong by contrast the tender, unselfish, pitying forbearance of mother love. Absorbed in self pity at the contemplation of this sweet might-have-been, the minister sat on, heedless at the storm outside. After a while »«— i— — — — — «. Bridget entered, and, raising a window, filled the room, which had been close and warm, with the fresh after- winds, laden with a sweet, earthy odor. She draped tbe limp cotton curtains, that Blunk against the sash, into grotesque shapes to get them out of the way of harm and dampness, though to a critical eye this care seemed wasted, for nothing could ever restore the self-respeot of . the oheap, washed-out fabric. There was only the light pattering of a summer shower outside, broken by occasional heavy splashes from oave or bough. Sitting thus, with the wind lightly lifting the thiok looks about his temples like the touoh of gentle caressing fingers, he bethought him self suddenly of the doctor's experiments. It was well in June, and there had been a week of hot weather. As he rose and went to the window to look out, the cool wind seemed so invigorating and the gentle rainy night so inviting that he decided to go if there was time. He made an exouse to look at the clock in the kitchen by pretending to get a drink of water, and then, knowing that Bridget would oppose his going on a rainy evening in his present convalescent state, and surround the project with diffi culties, real or imagined, be decided to slip out without telling her anything about it. Man-like, he dreaded the arguments of the opposition, which, while good, would not, he knew, in any way affect mis resolution to go. So, surrounding his departure with as muoh caution and mystery as possible,, he slipped off the black roses and donned his shoes, taking care to add rubbers, for he suspected the road to the Manor would be bad enough to make them necessary. Then, taking his hat and umbrella and turning his coat collar up about his neck, he let himself softly out. The night was very dark, and as he came down the two steps from the door to the gravel walk his feet tangled in something aoross the path and he fell heavily forward upon his knees. Startled and shaken, he flung out his hands, and, feeling about him in the darkness, discovered that he had tripped and fallen upon a vine. Its big wet blossomB felt pulpy and clammy in the dark, as he knelt upon it for a moment, groping about him for his umbrella, which had fallen from his hands. A faint, blue, flickering light, illuminating everything, suddenly confirmed his suspicion that the big moon- flower had been torn and washed from its supporting strings over the door and flung across the path by the storm. His first impulse was to call Bridget and with hor aid lift the vine up and replace it, there was something repellent in the thought of the white, sweet-smelling flowers lying bruised and crumpled and defiled in the dirt. But that, he reflected, would take time and daylight, neither of which he had j ust then, and moreover be likely to briug about his ears those kind-hearted protests and laments which he tiad bo cleverly escaped. So he brushed his knees off as well as he could in the dark, and, finding that his bands felt wet and sticky after this operation, he wiped one off carefully on his coat and the other on hiB umbrella, to save his handkerchief, and went his way, arguing down his inclination to lift the vine by telling himself that it could oome to no more harm between then and daylight. The storm had receded into the distance, sending back muffled detonations as of artillery from a distant battle- ground. Tremulous blue lights wavered over the heavens, where clouds were rapidly dispers ing to make room for the stars. Faint glows flickered over the wet landscape, bringing it into momentary and ghostly prominence. Everything looked pale and unreal in those ! flashing electric lights whioh oast no shadows. Overhead one trailing cloud still dipped, but after a little it too passed, and the stars came out of the east and sat on high. The minister lowered his umbrella and picked his way along the road, leaping over the shallow waterways that had formed here and there with flat, smooth banks that orumbled under his feet. Both the wind and the rain had been heavier than he had realised at the time, for little twigs and young boughs- had been torn from the trees and flung hither and thither. The descending torrent- had pounded the road flat with its multi tudinous hands, and washed away every trace' left by travellers upon it. As he went along, thinking of his mother and his childhood, and still troubled by memories of the pros trate moonflo er, he thought that this blank road was like the road of life along which we must all travel, leaving only our own foot prints behind. Lighted only by tradition, the mads travelled by humanity led on, whither ? He would introduce that idea into his next sermon ; for he had found that the realities of life, touched by a little fanoy, the telling of what he knew, never failed to be plain to his hearers. Aud the moonflower, — its fall from its high es'ate, its bruised and soiled white blossoms, would illustrate the fall of a soul, the smirching of a reputation., He would use it. Pondering thus, he approached the Manor, wondering idly if any one else was invited or was going, and why ho had not heard the bell if any guest had preceded him. Should he see Dorothy ? His heart rose and sank at the thought. Picking his way olose to the wall to avoid the gutter, whioh the storm had increased to a ditoh, he stopped for a moment, laid his head against the cold stones outside the spot where the rain- washed grave lay in the darkness, and cried, in a low voioe, ' Caleb, Caleb, forgive me.' (To BW OowriNllHD.l The Conjurer — Will some gentleman kit me have a silver dollar? Unole Josh (in dis gust)— Oh, shucks 2 He's goin' to explain the money question ! 