JTiïîJSîE BOUEITÎÏ'S GHOST. -An old tradition is being revived in i .curious and interesting nay just no« at tho Tower of London. Several o i!ie soldiers stationed there who ban "been on sentry-go ot night recent!} .declare that they hare seen a ghost ÜTfiy efiort has, of course, beet roado to pooh-pooh the notion anc à pep it from being talked about, bu without success. The first appearance -waa about a month ago, and as it wai not to a young recruit scared by hil loneliness, and bas been repeatec aeveral times, many of the men bey one -thone who believe they have witnesaet tho Visitation have come to tbinl that there is something in it. Thi apparition, they say, was that of i young, graceful, and lovely woman waa uiulBed in white, and movet along taking no notice of anything, RI far us could be seen. On account o "her slim and elegant figure, and nisi because of tho. tradition that thi unfortunate lady used to- visit thi scene of her execution, the spec tn lina been put down as that of poo: Aime Boleyn, one of the unhappy victim-wives of Henry VIII. Thi other day I wost down to maki inquiries (writes a Morning Lcade, man.) 1 was anxious to arrange ai interview. There are several interest ing questions which poor Anne coule dispose of with a word, but whicl ^ without her nid may never be satisfau torily Bettled in tb,Í3 world. There an many little secrets wrapped up in hoi early acquaintance with King Uenrj »bout which she might not mint speaking frankly perbupB-after ol this lapse of timo. She might tell us for instance, whether lier daughter the great Queen Elizabeth, really hoc any right to- the throne she held sc tightly and so long. She might tel -us by what wonderful charm it wat that she so changed the pious lîonrj that for her sake be offended thc civilised world, revolutionised hit country, and established a new religion. She might tel) "us, too, why be afterwards became a monster ; but perhaps she ÍB more ignorant of that titan we ure. At any rato, she might lot us know at which of her three bui'ial-pluecu sho takes tho longest rest. Is it under that black Blab at Salle, in Norfolk, ehe lie», or undei tho stone they shew ono a's lier grove at H6riidon-on-t he-Hill, in Essex. Ol were those her bones which wore taken up some 20 years ago, so care- fully examined, counted, measured, and replaced us here in St. Peter's .Chapel in the Tower. 1 wus not obie io fix a meeting, but left a cord with one of tho sentries with a polite request that she would inuko an -appointment, lu making inquiries, lowever, 1 met with some difficulty at first. Tho mon wore under orders. ' A doubt as to wh'-'re one is really buried might be suivront to causo one ' some little disturw.iice, and even drive one to take to walking around at night in scorch of tim right place, but strangely »nougb a very different .* reason ia assigned to tbeso ollegod meanderings of poor Annu Boleyn. Sho has not apparently indulged in the habit during recent years, but it is said that formerly sbo usi:d to regularly make n point of appearing in order to forutoll a death in the lighest circles. It in on this account, Ho doubt, tlnit the men liavo received a hint not to " lot their silly tongues Tattle." But ono lins only to nsk utiy three soldiers about tho Tower. Two of the three will tell you that they lave henrd of tho ghost. The third will say that tho spot is so uncannily lonely at night that it is enough to moke imyoiin seo ghosts. Thu spot in question is the road which runs along- side the Tower nnd tho rivor-sidc, Itaving the Thornes on one hand anti the Tower ditch on the other. It was in this old ditch, now a garden, that the apparition is said to havu been Been. TJiio does not agree with tho Tecord'^'of Anne's previous appear- ances. It was stated that when she foreshadowed thu death of Queen Catherina Howard, of that poor Queen~.of a moment, Lady Jnno Grey,,-vSiid tho martyrdom of the Countess of Salisbury, she walked out from St. Peter's Chapel, strolled sadly lound the execution ucoffold, and then disappeared inside the chapel ngaiu. It moy, however, be pointed out that ?v. ben she was arrested ot Greenwich and brought to tho Tower sho wns taken in at the Traitor's Onto, which is in tho ditch whore the sentries now .Jccl.-.re they have »con her. There is sis.; un dd futile which t-ays that ns »ho Irndi'd n spot of blot d appeared v.pou lu.Ï neck, and it may therefore, of con rsp,. be only a belated curiosity .ia to where this dropped from which han led to this change of routo, so to ypeak. Still, why tho pretty Anne should now appear dressed in white is not so clear, seeing that tho robe she purposely chose for her final appearance on thia spot was a rich black damask. This, however, is perhaps a mere detail, for it may be that th« dye would not stand the -wash. Be that ns it may, there is no disputing the fact that tomi) of the soldiers ut the Tower firmly believe-? at any Tate after nightfall-that *' the .ghost of Queen Anne Boleyn hoe boguti to walk ngnin." 