OR TaH STORY OF A MYBTERIOUs IMONOGlAM. BY lIns. G. SHELDON, Author of "Grarir's Miataleo," "Falthful Sh':!ry." CHAPTER XXXVIII. DOOOTItr'a VINDICATION, " What did you mean by your referenc to a ohange in your prospeotsl" Dorothy Isquired a 'littlo later, after the lover. talked over their new happiness and th youing ladyhad confessed howand when nhe ad made tho discovery that she loved him with a far deeper affection than that of a sister for a brother. The young man emiled mltshiovounly. "I am almost afraid that you will re gard me as a crnel usurper when I toll you," he replied. SWhat do you morn by that 1" she in. quired, looking perplxeod. " What would you say if I should tellyou that I have found another will P" Artchie questioned, while he searched her face carliou.ly. "olaoc you, Archie " Dorothy eagerly ctiea-" a later ont I" ' Yees.' "Oh, owhat did it say i" "It bequeathed to our humble sorvant the estate and a goodly amount of money besides." "How strango i-and bow glad I am l" "Reallyl I behlieve you would not bave cared if Unole John had loft me the ,choli? of his property I" sanid Archie, regardimg her with some surprise. "Well, I do not think it would have materially affected my prospeots," Dorothy roguishly returned, "not nearly no much as the other arrangement etemed likely to do." "You cannot quite forgive me even yet, can youn, dear, for refouslg your noble gift' tald Arehie, with tender reproach. "Bat just try to pat youreelf in my plooe, ant tell me it yon think you would hvoe aoted differently." "I-don't think I want to talk about it any more," Dorothy demurely replied " Buppuse you tell we eomething about what you have beeon doing during all theose long weeks.' Archie laughed out lightly at her readi nose to ahange the subject, but he we. far too happy to care to press the mutter, and ot began to give her on account of his otuitless seaeon for her, hin anxiety and wrotchedness over her flight, which inally no affeoted his health that he decided to take a trip abroad. henn he related how he had mint jiFde Fortesque In the hotel ut Lie rpoil aod the weondetfu revelation which had been the outgrrwLt of hie aCqu.intanco with her, SHBuw very strange I It in exceedingly romtantio, Arohi.,'" Dorothy exclsaioued when he concluded tin narrative. "' And yon say that her name sl Dorothy L'Lr tenque.' seo added, rtflectivoly. SYee, and the fact of l.er first name be ing the name as yours, struck me as being a singular coincidence." "D F." murmured the young girl, gaaing thoughtfully oil over the water. " Yea, thove were the letters engr-,ven on my locket, you know," enid lter liver. "HumlphL I wad thinking nbout my jewel." sad D.rolhy gravely. thing bout ýtem,' Dorimehy reture. Then atoni ld him . that knou an, andou the bcsubtlul nDcklace, deosribing itto him what eo tnute uno n my ron i dmol her rn have wmth &nething; in 3our podcts •a I forgot that ynd how c, n you any Then she told hem ^11 that bho know about the beautilul necklace, desoribing it to him and also the monogram on its elaep. \- "How very unnguler.' amid Aeohi', in awownderingtonel, "end how can yoe ac. coenunt lor the monogram on the clasp being a duplicate of that on my locket." " You know I never saw it but once. and that was when I was a little girl, and long before mamma gave the necklace into my peuaseale. There seeml a sirnge sntally attending those initiale," aid DJrotby. " Huw so P" porethy lifted a troubled look to her t mnpaniou'e face, "l've half a mind to tell you," bhe rmarled, with some hesitation, "and yet I did not mean to just at pre.ent." ' You have ' half mind' to tell me what f" i I is something dreadful, Archie,. 'Neover mind, denr; you anrely can trt m with w vat tronbloa yon, f yon ose trust yourself to me," her lover tenderly netponded. "Ceretainly I can trust you with every thing," eawl Dorothy, with rising color; " but I hoped that I could settlo this matter quietly, when 1 returneo t toh hotel at C'tenmont, and then yon need never have known of the terrible ordeal to which I have been subjected." e" Hevenas, Dorothy I have you anythlog wirne to tell me than that which you htve lhceady rloatedP" Arhioe excitedly ex* nrimed. "Buih I do not be alarmed," o-hs quiely zeturned. ' Perh. pi it i. better, after all, that you should know, and thon you can acTvina e what cOursO to puerno, altnough I m aeur that Mr W`aldmr would have managed uverything nicely lor me." She then piotoeded to tell him about Mr Van Stein'as edding-Iift to t.iA brilde-el her nnteniahment upon beholoing at TO iaey'sa OeclaeIe xoctly like the ono in hbi poes etin; how the had sen it AnAln on the young wife's nack at the ball, and thin, on her reonn Irom her yachting ex acelion, had been arrested upon the uan picuon of having stolen it. "Atrocioual" Archio indignantly ex claimed. 'l Ye, it was a dreadfulexdperlouce," raid Doiotby, with n heavy ilgou , " nd the wbe of It all is that thi examinatlon in apiolated for the day after to.morrow-in tLn moxnlne -and it 1 am not there to un.wer for myself, ool WVeldmar, who almumel Leavy bonda lor my appearanco, will be hocd teep. nsible." I Do not truuble ubont that part of it," C.??amont by ral i but want distresses me Ihow you »ro going to answer for e loursul at the nrat.1oemm eeaeumoation," he con lUad., looting ceevly aonxous. "Oh, thab will be uiullo enough," Dor. lthy smeungly answered, "for I shall immedratoly produce Mra Van Stein'a neck. Ja.u and p aendnt--' ,Dorothyl" cited Arct , inexpressibly ebtcet by uer worde, ted icgnrdiug hnero It t lought her tempornrily ltne a te.. '*Want l e-1 me toll you," rh lnter pted., with a little ripple ot laughter that na like muelo in his tars I whereupon she ioeenueCd io tell him hown she had dle .oveeod the real thief, and, later, poneeased htchaclf of the jewele and revolver juot am Aibhu impania had been about to peon the jauht Malion. ,o Well, my darling, yen have, indeed, hal a romantic expe.ieneo I" Archie re' maliked, In a mwondering tono; "but 1 tremblo when I think ol the dangcr yon have acoountered." '.I cannot be too thankful; and,i oh, 1 am o glad to have found yo", Arohie," the dair jrl rturned. With a ling High of eon ealt. ". \Ven't it wondrtul--when 1 needdd yon most-that you should have Ican at hand P I ovcer thought of break fng down until I caught aght of your ace. Vaon you epscgll towae d me; then, acllbam£ that I was cafe-that you would miko evarytulog right-omeobing eli lC;n e lot go, and benW nuchlug corn untic I &awke; In the late-ntlm belon and fuod yu bending over me. ,hy poor child I wondeor omebt , did Lot 'lot g8 long belore," snid . I yung man, inn voice of tender nyMarp b). . elt 1 m afraid that talkini it over el.. .yapte,y&%,,alndj7llyou;lhtoXVllOt M - .vh to b ar for one day," he oonoludod, as he a.o ,u'ly eornnod her face. " Oh, no; I .o not mind it, now that it's all oer, and I have you once mo,'" Dor othy responded. with a trustful nmile But i in strange how those mysterion' I's and F'n continually rise up to confront .on o nd me, liho reatless ghosts from out f !lan ptst. I wonder if this Mini For oqo. of whom you have told mo,o could I xplin thit monogram, or if she can be in aey wIy related to my mothero" hoe theoih'fully concluded. "Where are those jowels, Dorothy, which you r'nooad from that wretoh P' Arohio qeoati;neJ, ina low ton. " tl ro In my pokeot," oho whispered. " DBoa he know that yo have them b " SI do not know ; he mot certainly won or hlow I boonmo poaeoo?d o Io the revolver ',hioch lay underneath hio mattress, to ,tther with tho necklace." " Posaibly ho did not reooognieo it he may have thoulht that Mre Alleon provided you with it. At all ovrnta, whether he asipeci it or not, ho cnnoot bh In a very eomfortal,lo framo of mind at the present time ; for he most reollso that the jewels will obe found, sooner or later, conseueqntly the natural inference would ho that ho was tihe thiotef. IHe shall ba handed over to the nouthorieto the moment we got into port, and tnken along wlth to when wo go to Cioaroemnt for the examination." "Do you thinkl it odvtenblo to ask Mis Fortesquo If she knows anything about tho neohn.o P' Dorothy Inquired. Archlo :bought a moment boforo reoply ing. Ho wo1 aoxiono as Dorothy to have the myotory of that peculiar monogram ex plainod; hut ho knew that there would ho ample opportonity for that later on, while, if the ornaments eonold provo to bo con r.eoted with her pant In any way, eho might becoomo as excitoed over them as she oad prevolouly over hie locket, and he did Sot wish his party to becomo at allcon .picuoue again on board the OCampania. " No, I do not believero it will ho beot, at Ignat jnst at present," ho finally remarked. " I thmk the least said about them the Ihtter, until after you have rootored the neo now in yoor keeping to its owner' And ,heon you have your own back again you can show It to her and ask it hho postcsnoa ay knowledgeo regarding it." "I with you woold take charge of the ,reoioue thinga for me," said Dorothy, a look of anxiety flittltg over her fair foce. " I alhnli be in constant fear o losing them ogoin'." "I do not wonder; they are a hoavy trust for any one," said her cJmpunion, with c searohing glance around. "'Certainly I will rolieove you of the chbargo, only it will he bsfer for you to wait until we go below before giving them to mo; it would not do to have any one know that they are in the pcreession of either of us. tNo rest," he added, in slighter tone, and emiling fondly upon her, " while I go to find auntie. I will bring her to yon , then I most look telter her trae? and mine, fod we are almoet in port. See l yonder is the ostatue o L berrty I' GOviwg the hand he was holding a linoer ng clasp, he twentin search of Mite For toooue, whom ha met on the stairs, juot coming up from her stato.room, whore slh ita been pottrng her belongingo in order tor lndlng. " Did you think I had doeerted yon en tirely t" he mellngly inquired. " No ; I nw where you weare," she re o;onded, with a twinkle in hyr blaot eye0 as ehe observed hit radiant face. "I reckon it's all ight now bItwoeen you nnd your other Dorothy." '" Y ec," said Achio, loughing outright at hr way of putting it, "and t hl?e nv long nod interesting story to relate to you when woe oave ime. I wa just comeng to find you. in order to Intlrotce you to each other bforeo we leave the seoemer." HI, gave the e'd aIay hbs aim and con doct. d her to Dorothy. Alter making them oqunlntod, he lift them toenther and wont bkonw to look nfter choir eaggege. Au hour later they wore an l comfort blo :ettled for the right in a convenient hotel doen town, wheroe, early the next norulng, Dorothy could easily procure a suitable outflo far travelling, and thus ?abltoher to retorn to Clareomont withont ioiog dieagreeanbly consp'coue; for she lad been abducted in a white fnnel outing oui, whioh had, of course, been somewhat doughly ned, during her varied ex )oreLnco,. Archie, es he had oontemplated doing. had giPn ilenry CJrson into the hands of r, po?iceman immodintoly after the arrival of the Campania in port. HIl hod also explained te circenmsteanoes f I the robbery at Clnremont. in connection with thbe chargo of abduction, and begged toat eome one might bo detailed to conduot the prisoner thither to compeol his pre enoce at the examination which was ap :ointed for the following morning. This request was, of course, granted, and nt as early an hour as poaoiblo the whole oarty left New Ycrk for the fanblonablo ,rwtering-place, whoere o much excitement oid interest prevailed in view oe tho pond leg examination and Mr Waldmar's un comfotanble predicament in c'onneolion cirh it. They would have arrived that evening but for e sorious accident which occurred en the road. A freight train, which had preceded them by an hoAr eo more had been de eailed and had eo blocked the way that they found it Impossible to go on for many lours, and thus they were obliged to remain over ulght at a emall country inn. Thl. onforeseen canualty canoed Archlie and Dorothy considerable anxtiety, cope clally an there was no telegraph oties In the place, and it was not possible to wire Mr jValdmar that Dorothy would not fail to nake her appearance at court, although she night be rather late in doing so. ly working diligently all night the road gang were onabled to olear the track, to ooto the payeugoor train could go on, and it was a greoat relie to the wearied and nxiousl travellcrn to he nnoe more on their Upoon tnelr arrival at Olareomont, Mice Forte.oqe, who wat almost ill from her eloepless night on a comfortless bed, deooided to go directly to the hotel, while Arohlo rnd Dorothy, followed by the ofcer and bio prisoner, together with Sarah Ann Allen and her husband, who had been brought on as wltne,:eo--tu:=od their steps towards the local court.house. VWe know how they roached the conurt nouao just as Dorothy's counsel had risen to make the humillating confession that his ollent had myatoelonoly diseappeared, and the nmost diligent aerorar had failed to discover br whereaboute,. Do they weore reooeivd woth almost deafening applause; how the h neutifal girl wcnt forward to the witness stand, whore rhe o omposedly submitted to a oritical examination, and finally, to the amaemenat n the munltitude, produced Mrs Van Stin'ion milong necklaoo and pendant, on proof of the teastimooy whioh she hud gilven, This brings us banok to the seone in the oarl-room, when Dorothy's counseol ,roo, with the atoenes in hi. hands, while IHenry Caroon, who wan sitting hand. coufed beside the ollicor in charge of him, in the tear of the room, muttored a startled oath as he also coaught eight of them. Ht, had been in a terrible state of mind on aoaount of them eover olnce hi arrest. Lie had not, a Armchlo had sugoatotto Dorothy, rcogaised hia revolver In her tnsudl, and had not boon able to ooaont for hor having had it, oexcept upon the supposi tlon that the etonardee might have pro. vlided her with it ; therefore he Imagineod the roslons neooklano to hbo till conooalod beneath the mattress in his berth an board the Marlon. Do had hoped to he able to oommnnoiate, in some way, with a " pal," to got him to .?oal b?e;rd tho crcht oad .sooro the joerwls; and then, in eass he oould manage to eonape, he would still have a fortune In tie poanseelon to make lifo a pleaouro In om foreign country ; but their nnexpeoted .pypo?rano in the court-room hlighted thisl lope and told him that he had bran moat ktlflly ountwittted by a very claver girl. Utsle,ltyour hoener Iue-?ohlefoohal of vhlobh Mise Wellington has spokeo," thF lawyer announuod, with as much apparent oalmnrea and unconeoom s I be hacd known a!l long and had ven plansd this remark saolo denoulment instead of being ao mach o nsotd n any one, by the startllog do v Inopmonts o the morning. Another ringing cheer wont oohoing through th court-room a this rovelslcna. Mrs Van Stein aroao to her foot with a ory o joy td ]oand eagerly forward to assure herols that the glitteraing stones war r.bally hore, while her huband aloe manlt. fo?td no littlo excitemoent. oBa his hbohr'p gpoodl ome down upon his dnh with an thundering rap, snd when romethiog of order was restored, the jwools v,tro pasted up for his eamlination. alter 'bhloh they were also sabmlttod to Mr and irel Van Stein and the olork from Tiffany's t.ir identificoatlo. When this Iad been omtabllshnd beyond r lobSt, Dorothy was called upon to relate bow shb had happened to oam so peosseasson of them, and the molt lntense Interest pro rllod while rho was tolling her thrilling .:ory. oar narratiel, up to the polnt of her rnoeo by the so patn of the Campaniao was rorohoratod In amiry partioular by lMra Allon, wrhllo Arobhio also rouohod for the sorroetasne of her stntements regarding the teiso coaeno upon the dook of the yaoht, ol heor tranaser to the steamer. When the long examination woa over, D rothy's noannel brially summed up the svldenoo in her fIoor, which, ho claimed, '.se too conolusirvo to call for any romarks, rosopt for form's sake, and clocod by saying tha MIsas Wollington, Instoad of being po ilty of the crime of which sho hSd boon cousad, had proved hersecl a herosine in her fforte to recover and protect the atolen j ocls, and was thoreforo entitled not only t.h the gratl?sdo of the ownserro and the admlratlon of ovroy one, hbut als to the ory liberal reward whicoh had boon offeorod ,or the restoration of tho eostly atones. Ia sat down amid enthualatliaapplnuse ; od as the oppoenlog oooansl had nothing tlo ier in rospoas.o, the harge agaistl Dorothy s's.t promptly dismissed, Then the court "a immlodiately adjoaurnoeod until hi. honor o:ld decide what anotion to take wlth oforeancs to the real orlminal, who was at cao oardor.,d to the county gaol to await his It may an well be stated hero that ho was cssooted on bosh ohrgos--ebdnotlon sand hint-and sontoaod to fiftlen years at , ard labor in the State prison at Slag Sing. CHIAPTER XXXIX. TWO SURPRISES FOR TILE ORTESTQU-S. Immedintoly after her vindloation and diomisnal, Dorothy repaired with her friends to the hotel, wheroe he was warmly received by Madame Waldmar, and where also she stt once found herself extremely popular nwirth the majority of the ganoto. Mr and mIrt Van Stcn ooould not do noungh to show their gratitude to her, and nxproesed their deep regret for having so njusotly thrown oooploion upon her I)rothy anoepted their oaknownldgments in tlun sweotent spirit imaginable; but when boy mentioned the unbject of " reward " to ner, she thanked them with a quiet dignity, .11 ber own, remarking that 0oe could nut orapt anything for what she had don ; I.or recompnao had been nffioclent in boing rbi to prove hnr inocanoen of any wrong ltero the world, and aioe in tho pleeuro on had exp.rienood in rentoring a gift rhich was at once socored and costoly. A ,-oy he Imagined this circumstance only Srood to niornas her popularity, whileo r .ral Mr Van Steit mutually agreed that a oroe subhsantiial reward should come later. Mrs Fortelquo and her daughter, who an both bern present In court, werro ex aeo-ingly mortified over the unexpeoted uru of affairs, ospeolally as it was already ,au*ored that Dorothy was "engaged to a1o splendid fellow who coompanied her," rud also that she was heiress to n largo fortune, whiuh, from a sense of over. .crupuloanuunr, oho had renounood, and tIhn loft bar luxurious homo to earn her 0w0n living. it rais uodorntood now, howover-nso traongoey do sucoh sooret leak onut and so rapidpiy do they tranyl-that all compllo t!tu had boon happily adjustrd, and that ao woould honoororth reumen her proper t' ttf-?n In life. unsequontly, it sfa not nsurprising that tou forotesuoo were droply ohagrined over naolr treatment of Dorothy, and loft the oourt-housu in no enviable frame of mind. Two groat surprloesa waited them on their return to the hotel. One came in the form of tho unexpoeted .rrval of Misi Dorothy Fortoeque, whom n.u one had ever expoeted to seo upon this d th o ocean again, inooe she had boon .uililtod, times wihount numbor, to come andt makeo her home wihth them, and had no . ttea rulused to do so. A heavy damper war, however, thrown :pon the ardor of their rowcomo whoo she confidod to the fmly the il romance of her itoe, nod announced that In Archibald Wot iongton- Dorothy's betrothed-sho had dis rov.red a grandson. Mre Fortequoo tried to say what was right and proper upon receiving this star r diog commoniootion, but there was no boar o teor aot phrases, and her blank, pale face ond clouded eyes plainly behntrayed her fear that the old lady's handsomo young rolativo would be likeoly to suopplant her own :ht ldrn in the altoctloos !) and usurp the flrtuoor ohih sho had fondly hoped would no theira at her loath, iHer anxiety was fully abhared by her haughty daughter, who had often mortified nor pride to fawn and wait upon her stop. I thor'a runt, with the solo objent of seooraug a nice elloo of her fortune later on. "I tonlk it is just horrid," sho remarkod, with an angry frown, addreossing her mother, when, after telling her storyr Mien Fortes. quoo had retired to her room for her atoer noon nap. "1 almost with that the 'old porouplno' had never taken it Into her head to come back to America. This young opstart will ho litely to got a good share of ner money, if not the whole of It ; whlo what upsets mo moroe than anything oleo is the fact that that girl, who hboo made hoornli ro obnoxious to us, to going to reap tho benefit of tt through her morriago with him." " It la rather a humiliating thought, I confeso," iMrs Fortesquo returned, in a troubled tone, "but wno mst make overy thing just an agreeable as passible for Aunt l)orothy while rho romaino ",lth or. She reould notr of course, wholly ignore your tnthor in her will, and whatever he gets will evwntoally go to yon ohildron. SThatls rather along look ahead," on feellngly retorted Miss Standish, with a very discontented expression on her young face. " wassurothat I w a favorite and -would get the lion' ashare of the old thing's moony. Who wold eover have dreamed that sho could have bhon marrlrd." ' I do not think you are very respectful, Sladil, In your remarks regarding oither my h?uband or lra aunt," s'ld her mother, on a tone of displeasuro; "hbut whether hoe leaves you anything or not, there tol your father's brother, who will be auro to remora bher you handomoly." " Yes, I behlleve I have played my cards oleverly in that quorter," the girl replied, with a gleam of triumph in hbar oie black yor, '"ahd :l onfident that I shall pluck a nice fat plum from him. Idon't beholive from all accounts, that he is going to live very long, either," sho ooncluded, with an air of natiotfotlon which woold doubtless have boon something of a shock to tho individual referred to if he oould bave seon it and overheard tho remark accompanying it. Mrs Fortooquo war dismayed by this evidence of hoartletrnor., and wu upon the polnt of roenrotog her sharply for It, when thore come a knok upon tho door. Ztirn Standloh arcos to open It, when sho attercd a cry of astonishment as she saw three man standing without waiting to be adualio~d. "Teo I" rho exolaomed, with ruplifted hands, and the next momeut bhorhnds were round his neck and her lips presseod to hit, lor oho dearly loved thla oldor brother-at east ar woll as her supremely selfish tature wtas opahb lof Ioviog. "And papalt too I' ahoy.addda bating hands with Mr Fortenquo, after which she gve no ther cry of delight asn ahn prang to greet the thlrd goentlemn. " Unoolo Wayne I oh I I never once dreamed of anything no dolightful ao eootlg you !" ho exclaimed. "Idid not suppoe you were abloe to travel no far ! What ho brought you all so unoxpeootdly? Thin I. the roond groat aorprieo o have had to day and a moot ohnrming one, too." Mrs Flortprquo weoloomed tho no?.oomerr no les cordially, and thou thore follorwed pleasant ntervieow, during whlah the unex. pected return of the travellers, together with the long absent brother and uncle, was exolainud. Air 1'ayne Forto.quo wau found to he very ill when h r Alhert Fortoelqu oud hio teop.eon arrived in Las Angoloe; hut upon giving up all care of his perplexirng huancaa into the hand, of hi. brother, who noon nuoooeded in bringing out of chaos mud uottling overything in the moat natilfaotory wraoum, thu inrulld, thu. rnoliord from oii aunirty, hegan to rolly nimont immoodiotofy. nod, hy tho time hi. peooniary iligiouuties weore ettled, h was no much Improved that hi physioian advised change of scono. AAoordlgnly he at once determincd to roturn to the East with the intention of remainfig lndetlnitely if the allmato ohould provo benefiolal to him. He had been o theo habit, cnce a year, of visiting the family, by whom he was alwaoy receled with open arms and oudo to fool ro welcome that he novr failed to enjoy hia sojourn with theon immensely, becoming very fond of hla hrothor'a stepothlldron enpocially no of Sndio, who hoveored aboot him continually and mado herelf very oharming to him. * * * * * * While Mra Fortreque and her daughter wero disonsalug Aunt Dorothy Fortesque'n unexpecoted return from abroad together with the romanee of her life, Arabic and his lovely fiancee were down under the bluff, among the roces, having a quiet chat by tbhomeelves. The eourt.neeeion had boon no long that the lunch hour was past when they arrived at the hotel. Miin Fertenque hbd had hern, end was closeted with her nephew's wife ud dughter ; no after partaking of a light meal, the Ioverw tad spent a little time with Madamo Wald. mar, talking over the thrilling events that bad ocourred to Dorothy during her abaneoo, after whiob they started out for their stroll. Dorothy wat very weary after the inteneo excoitement and anxiety of the lat weok, and Arohla tried to persundo her to go to her room and rest. But eho told him that she could never sleep during the day, and that a quiet talk with him, in some spot where they could look over the ocean and Inhalo the strong, nalt air, would refresh her more than any thing ene. thus they epent a couple of hours very happilp together, and returned to the hotel In e.00on to give Dorothy ample time to dress for dinner. Just as they entered the houee, they on. o, untered the Frtoequo party, who, hbut rfew minutes prevloun, had arrived from the West. Dorothy Ilushed rosily as she oleaht Mr Tea Staendih'o start and glance of surprise upon beholding her companiono; but she politely acknowledged hi, salutatlon, then turned to cordially greet Mr Forteeque, who neorotly amused her by looking Arohie over with a moat critical eye. " Ar M ra Fertleqeo and the children well?!" inquired that gentleman, all en. oonee?ous that his pretty amanuensis was no loger in his employ, for hin wife had thought beat, for varlous reasons, to reserve all explanations regarding the matter until his return,. " Yes, sir; I thina no," Dorothy quietly reoponded, but nurpriaeo at his queotion, for he tu pposed ho already knew of the ohange which eho hod made. He appeared to be a trifll confuned by her reply, wlich he thought very indefinite; but as the passed an without giving him an opportunity to quetllon her further, he turned to etod the way u:staire to the rooma occpied by hie family, his brother and Ted olalowing, the latter with a very gloomy ieCO. " Who woo that young lady?" Mr Wayno Fortelqio Inquired, when they roaohed the upOor landing. " Her name In Wellington: the yourg lady of whom you have oheard me rpeak my amanuensls," Mr Albert Fortcequo returned, all unconscious of hil mlstaeo. ' That girl your amanuensis I " exclaimod hie brother. in surprise. "., I Imagined her to be somo d ltlogniahod guest of the house. She ia very beautiful." "She is, indeed, and very talented alsoa. I wonder who that young romn we, Ted." -Lurning to hie atep-aoo--" did yon knowr that chap who war with Misl Wellingtoo !' "No, tir," briefly answered tho disap pointed lover, who, noeverholoac, felt very auro that the "chap" oould he n0 other than the object of that Iaffetion to which Dorothy had confessed on the day when he had rejectoed his suit. " Have you ever particularly observed iar \Welliogton' oeyes and the shape of ho? brow, Albert?" quoried Mr Wayco For tesque, wirlh thoughtful air. The gentleman addressed gave a violent start at the queation, and h poonllr ex preeaion oswpt over his face, whloh had become very pale, before he answroed. " ?r?," he finally rotourned, In an indif. ferent tone, " he has very lovely eyes and a well-shapod head ; heo a fine girl in every reapect." They had now reoached ths door of their prlvato parlor, and, knowing that their eturno would he a complete surprto, Ted onslAted upon knocoing. Itoated oa entering ounanounood, do, as we know, his elm monl was anowered by his siater. Meanwhile, Dorothy had tbken leave of Arohlo and proooedod direotly to hir own raoo, where, after a littlo rest, eho had rafrobhlng bath, and dronlod herself with unuoual 0ar0 for dinner; then jolimg vwating to oonduot them to the dining room. Their seats wore at a table just opposite the one ocmupled by the For?o tueo, and eveorat timea during the meal, Dorothy, goering up, disoovered the eyeso of both Mr Abhort Poteuqenoad hlabrother fixed upon her with an intoentness of expresalon which both murprleed and ombarrao.od her. "I uppose Mrs Fortasrquo and Mile standtah havo booeen giving them their version of the incidents which led to my dismioael, or rather resignation." hoe said to hersei with some bitternoess, a she reoalled their injustioo; wheroeupon ab aooumed a little added dignity and tried to ignore their observation. But although she did not glanoo that way again during the meal, sho could still ecom to fool, from time to time, that their oJey were upon her. After dinner was over, Aunt Foritequo sought bar and Arhlio A they were slowly promenading the verandah together. "I've hardly seen you two to-day," she remarked, as uhe laid her hand upon the young man's arm and looking fondly Ilto hi?fooe. "I supposo you won't, either of ono, troek mo for intorrupting you," hoe dded, rwith a trinkle in her eoye; " but I reokon you oan spear me hal an hor or so tf your trime. 1 want to hear about that rial this morulng : eo come to my room, both of you, and toll me about It." "I tried to fiod you ra soon no were threough lunhob," Archio remarked, " but you wore not in your roomt and ro, supposing you wvre with your frloends, I did not likeho to futrodo upon you." " \Voll, l'm at liborty now, and full of oeuriolty, too. I've cauoght a little goaeip hero and there that has servod to stir mo all up, and I want to know the truth." M?i, ,'reterquo roturned, an she abruptly whoeeled about and led the way to her room. When her goouests wore eloated and the door olosed, she oontlnued, glanoing at Arohlo: " Whttt ibd tahi tWe h " bout the :toe.ln= of jewels, oonnooted with Mlin Wollingtona amoe? \Wan that what you had to go to ourt about I L oppored It waS to ttify gainert that maerrable rasocal who abdetoed bor." " Ye," Arohie orarrerod, !thieoult wao about the joewels. I did not toell you about it for ooeveral reasonsn, the moot importanl f fwhioh was that Dorothy non ex'remely renoitivo about the matter, and did not with to talk of it until her vindication was com plate. l'slidee. having the valuable *touoe in our poseoaion, owe agreed that it would be eatlat to say nothing about them to any " Well, now that the matter is settled, tell me about it," Miso Forteeque com. mnded, wrhil eho app.aredt rather more excited over It than the occasion required, they thought, rince the offair had boon eo happily dispoced of. Arehie briefly related the otory con nected with Dorothyp' necklace, and the woman hiotenet in unbroken ellonco until he mentioned and described rhe clasp, with the monogram, exactly like the one upon his loeket, when okh started wildly to her foot, exhlaiming- " Where i tho necklace oo' "In the hotel afeo," Archie rospondod, but regarding the troombliog woman with •urprieo. " I did not think it mould be iioe for Dorothy to retain it in her poasao alan otoer it wasoe returned to her opeon the adjenrnmnt oa the court." " to got it I--bring it hero I' the women erdered, with white lipa. toth Archlie andl Dorothy oontomploted her with inecraeiong amazement, while eaoh roeolled the question whioh the latter had asked her lover on board the Campania ' If ho thought it possible that Mlien Fer. tcaquo could be relatod in any may to hor mother 1" nckl.co as I havo described, auntio 1" the Soung man questioned, as he arose to do her bidding. '"Dn't nak no now. Go bring it; I ant to snee it," she faltered in an inooherent W'ay. With a very grave face and n fooling of foreboding in his heart, Arobhle loft the. oom and hastened below, while Dorotby sat Etill nnd watched, with rapidly boating piloot, her companion. who, apparently oblivious of her presence, impatiently aced tbo floor, muttering unintalllgibly to eoreelf. Arohio was not gone long; he was too *,ger to have the myatcry cxplained to inger about his orrand " CoA it be possible," he murmured, Sthat sheo nows anytbiog about one or both of these mysterious necolaoeos -thet he rcret of Dorothy's birth is about to bo rvealedP Ift o, how is it go;ng to affeot ot relntios waith each other t I alnso bo irl to feel an If there moat boe a ntango fatnllty about thoao D's and F's, and I am lnmost afraid to learn the truth." He obtained the neoklaoe fromn the clerk, and habtened back to Mihe Fortesqueo' oom with it. Sbo sprang tnarerd him, more like - c:ild than a woman of soventy, as he ntered the room. "Lot me hao v it-quick l' sho oried, snatching the ebony box almost rudely rom him. 1Pr iaco wao ghastly, her aged fingers trembling like loaves, as she touched the priog and throw back the lid. " Ah I" she cried, in a tone of oxalta ion, that made the hearts of boti her iitenero losp within them with mingled hope oad fear. Snatohing the ecctly stonoa from their ovlvet-bed, she bont to examlnr the clasp, ,mutering as she did so " It is I-it is!" Then, rsevrsing the clanp, oho careoflly crutinised th unoadereide of t. "1Ah, no I" rhe cried, in a voice clf pai avd diooppointmont. "It is marked with nu anchor-it is not the one I thought." (To ob Continued). 