OR / ' : For A .Woman's Sake. A STORY OF BRITISH LOVE AND DARING IN SOUTH AFRICA. By ERNEST GLANVILLE. AUTHOR OF "THE LOST HEIRESS." "THE FOSSIKER," "A FAIR COLONIST," "THE GOLDEN ROCK," ETC., ETC. CHAPTER XXtIL -(Continual), Under the attack the Angoni could scarcely be restrained. They shouted defiantly, and the reserve line, seated with their backs to the wall, could not contain themselves. They leapt to their feet, striking on their shields. "Be quiet, my children," crieu rxie chief, going up and down. " You will frighten them. Let them come nearer, so that we may see them." The enemy would not come nearer. They yelled and whistled, making rushes as if they would come on, then with drawing.- Then some of them began to cry out that it was useless fighting against rocks, and the Angoni shouted triumphantly. Then the chief called up two indunas, and let them go among the men and tell them to be ready, for this was but a pre tence, and to counsel them, nevertheless, while they stood on guard, to shout as if rejoicing at a victory. There was another pretended rush, an other wild volley, met by a sharp return, and then the enemy retired, their voices lessening, and at a signal all the Angoni shouted, while the fires were lit, and a few men chanted the song of victory. "Be ready now, cubs of the lion," said the chief, warningly, "and let every man be careful how he shoots. Keep your gun low. Better aim at the ground than the sky." A man was sent out over the wall, the same fine-looking induna that Miles had admired, and in less than five minu tes he leapt lightly over the wall, and raising high his assegai, reported that the impi was coming. In the dark his eyes gleamed like an animal's, and, as he went down the wall, seeing that every man had his place, there followed hint a deep, hoarse mur mur. "By Allah," muttered the chief, '"these men are good — they scent blood. Hark!" A dull sound, as of the sea breaking afar, the sound of hundreds of bare feet, steadily advancing. "They come! Englishman, you take two sides of the square. I will see to the other." The Arab drew his sword, and the bright blade flashed in the dark to the reflection of the fire. Louder grew the sound, accompanied by a swishing noise, and a measured rhythm, with a perceptible tremble in the earth. Thurn was a rmnnlete silence in the camp. No one so much as whispered, each dark figure standing with head bent, and heaving breast. "Shout!" said the Arab 'to the in duna ,who stood beside him. "Shout as if in song, lest they take note of our silence." The induna started his song, deep- throated, and a man front the far end took it up. Tliev listened while they sung, and after two or three sentences their voices rolled away in a whisper, . and again there was complete silence. "It matters not," said the chief, "tliey will come now. Give the word that no man must fire until the enemy reach the first wire. Let them all fire toge ther. They will have lime in the eon- fusion of the fall, as the front men trip, to reload. Warn them well not a shot before they reach the outer wire." The induna's deep voice rang out in stern command as he gave the order, and there was a rattle of metal all round the square as each man thrust his rifle through the loophole. "Fire low," cried the chief. The order was repeated. Louder rose the rolling thunder from the advancing army, then was launched a terrific shout that split the air, and, following it, the war-cry : "Forward, my brothers, forward. If we go forward we die. If we turn back we die, Let us go forward, my brothers." "Steady, my children, stand fast, and slioot straight," cried the chief, and Miles ran to the spot opposite to where Hans crouched in the pit outside the wall. CHAPTER XXIV. Out of the darkness there broke a sheet of fire-red tongues of flame, that darted viciously and belched forth a storm of bullets. From the north and west the first attack came in a hissing hail of lead. Then, after the second volley, in a whirlwind of sound, of yells and whistles, and drumming shields, a rush was made from it he south. Out in the darkness there was the gleam of white shields, the indistinct waving of plumes, and tossing of arms. On tliev came, in a long line, then the foremost man saw the wall looming up ahead, and whistled loud through his teeth. The next instant he went headlong, the first line, with a howl of anguish as their shins struck the taut wire, followed suit. "Fire!" The wall was lighted up by the dis charge. The flash revealed a line of struggling figures on the ground and, behind a wall of racing men crouching low as they came. Their ranks were torn by the fire — and dismayed by the unknown obstacle which had overtaken the first rank ana by ithe sudden volley, the rest withdrew. In quick succession other masses were hurled on the other side of the square, to be met and riven off In the same way. "Well done, my children," cried the chief. "You have won the first trial, but the struggle is not yet over." The Angoni, excited, started their song, in unison, stamping with their bare feet, and sending forth a magnificent roll of warlike sound. Out of the darkness came no response for some time, then, from the pile of rocks, there came a stinging volley. "Keep low, men," said the chief, then reaching Miles he asked if It would not be well to fire the charge. "Not yet," said Miles, "when they at tack again." "Pass op," came a low voice outside. "They cut the wires." Miles discharged his rifle, and at the signal a steady fire was kept up. But presently they heard the hum of a vi brating wire, showing that one strand had been cut, then the hum of another, and a sound of men running and tug ging. "Stand firm," shouted Miles. "They come again." The deep bass of the indunas was heard calling to their men, but the sound was drowned in a wild, fierce cry, as, with an Impetuous rush that threa tened to carry all before them, the enemy came sweeping up. There were no wires to check them this time. The volley made them waver, but did not stop them, and soon they were swarming round the wall, striking with kerries, or darting their assegais in the em brasures, while here and there individ uals clambered the walls. The Angoni dropped their rifles and plied kerrie and assegai, shouting with all the fury of their assailants until a din arose as of demons escaped. The Arab, with a band of a dozen men, raged from point to point wherever the enemy effected an entrance, his sword gleaming like fire until dulled with blood, and his own voice rising above the horrible storm. On the west flank the attack was weakest, and the Angoni, on their own account, drew away from there to run where the fighting was fiercest. The fighting now was in the enclo sure, and from the east and north the defenders were being gradually pushed back on the second line of defence about the house, within the inner wall many wounded men had already gone. Now there was little shouting, but a noise of weapons clashing, of deep breathing, of occasional 'rifle shots, of the dull, crushing blows of the kerries, and the ring of assegais. And, in this enforced lull, there rose a terrible yell of triumph, as a dense mass of the enemy rushed to the west wall and came leap ing in. "Hans!" cried Miles with the whole strength of his voice, "Fire!" Then he wheeled his men across to stem the rush, and with clubbed gun struck with fierce energy. His men had not yet been so hard pushed, and they stabbed and stuck furiously. The fire swayed too and fro. the ground grew slippery under- . foot, but as fresh men Came pouring in " the gallant band of defenders, outnum bered five to one, were gradually borne back. "Rally to the inner wall," came the hoarse cry. from the Arab. The order was repeated by the In dunas. and some of the men quickly obeyed. "Fire!" cried Miles. "The mine." The chief heard and with liis body guard came raging through. It was iio\v a scene of inextricable confusion, friends and enemies mixed, and so close that tliey could not strike, the pressure from the outside acting as a constricting force. Suddenly there was a blinding flash. The earth heaved, and with a terrible sound of rending, masses of rock were hurled into the air. At the same time from beyond there arose a wild cry of terror. "Strike and slay!" cried the chief; "strike and slay!" "Strike and slay!" thundered the in dunas, and amid a falling storm of rock, the Angoni sprang once more at their foes. The Matabeie, on the edge of a mass of men. terror-stricken at the sudden explosion, fled, and the rest gave way. Miles struggled to the wall shouting. to Hans, but that veteran, lying low in the pit. with a stout plank covering his body, from the assegai prods of pass ing Matabeie, preferred to stay where he was. In the enclosure the Angoni set about their work with renewed fury, and the eneniy within five minutes of the explosion were in full flight When once a native starts running in earnest he is past rallying. The triumphant cries of the Angoni and the following bullets added wings to their flight, so that none were left but the wounded, and they were killed as they lay, be fore Miles knew what was happening— not that his intervention would have saved ithe life of one man. The black man expects no quarter, and he srives in . rileyM#/; " : " "Are these men all deadY'lAritl Miles, wiping the damp from his "brow,. and speaking scarcely above a ffhlBpet And his eyes ranged over -dead forms - dimly outlined. . . . 7 . "Allah be praised ! 'Ecried the chief, wiping his blood-stained sword. Miles leant against the wall with closed eyes, panting, while the warriors raved about the place, screaming in a wild fever of madness, and others- crouched round the water barrel. Many writhing on the ground called hoarsely to their friends for help. There were no women to attend them, and their comrades gave them no heed. "Mein Gott, baas, the blood runs. Es jy dood?" "Hans, is that you?" "Ja, sieur. Allevareh! It is better outside the wall." "What is the matter," said Miles, lift ing his heavy lids. «, "Old man you fired the mine well," said the chief. "The gold is yours, but this is no time for talking, Go, find out if the Kaffirs retreat." "Buit they run!" "Go, old man. Englishman, my friend, you fought like ten. Go and drink. Then let us see to the cleansing of the yard. There is no pleasure in the sight of a dead man." The Arab in a few minutes obtained a mastery over the band, hod them mar shalled in a line, and, after praising them, set one half to remove the bodies while the others carried the wounded to the shed, and set about cleansing the yard. The men went to their work chanting, and when the sun arose the enclosure had regained its trim look but the signs of the fierce struggle were visible enough. There was scarcely a man who had not a wound of some kind. In the shed were forty--five wounded, and out side, where a trench was being dug, were a hundred and thirty Matabeie, and twenty- three dead Angoni. , Hans came in at daybreak with the report that the enemy had fled ,to the thorns in a state of depression. He had gathered that the war doctor and his fellow medicinemen had taken up a po sition in ithe pile of rocks, and had per ished in the explosion, a disaster which the Matabeie attributed to some evil in fluence, and the rumor of which, quickly circulated in the thick of the fight, had done more "than anything to dishearten them and snatch victory away just when it was within their grasp. The attack had been planned and carried out by a chief. "How did you find this out1!" asked the chief. "There was a man crawling, with his leg broken below the knee, and him I questioned. "And what return did you make him?" "I am not a wolf. I gave him snuff and stopped the wound with earth, so that the blood flowed not. For -this he told me more ; namely this, that if the attack failed, Stoffel himself would take command." "Ah!" "Ja; Stoffel has a plan. The indunas would not hearken to him and he let them go." "How many men are there?" "Two regiments fought last night." "I saw as much from the shields." "And another is coming. The man said they would have eaten the Angoni but for two things, the wire that caught their legs and the lightning that struck the ground where the medicine men stood." "When will Stoffel carry out his plan?" "The man knew not but he said there was news that the thing must be done soon, as the impi was wanted else where." "And I have lost scarcely a half of my force. Well, little man, you have done well. The gold I promised is yours. Your master can keep it for you." An induna came up singing and be hind him nine men, each carrying a shield. They saluted the chief, as they laid each man his shield at the Arab's feet, while the induna, with his assegai uplifted and the blood still oozing from a dozen wounds, sang, "What is this?" "These are shields of the men who were slain by the knife. The Great One flashed his burning brand, and they fell. Behold the lion — the lion with the black mane! Nine have fallen to his arm, to the hooked claw. Ho, chief, I, Ma- gana, the buffalo, salute thee. Seven have I slain in the fight with my spear." The warriors took up the cry and chanted the words, stamping with their j feet. The Arab looked at the trophies of his valor with flashing eyes, and a vision maybe of triumph yet to come against another foe. "So, Magana. You have fought well, and you I will make captain of a regi ment hereafter. But why speak of what one man has done since each has done so well. For a sign of this day let each warrior let into his shield a strip of red, and when the armies all assembled for the great fight hereafter, each one who comes to roe with a shield so marked shall be a leader of men with due reward. The booty that is here shall be shared among you when it is safely carried to the river. See well that you guard it. Keep sharp your spears, for danger is not past. Watch, lest the enemy, surprise you. The white man whose plan it was to build the little fence that tripped the enemy will stay- wit h us. His word here will be as my word." "Hall to the Wagna — tjiO great white ox, who tramped the foe, who is cunnin'g and as far-seeing as the eagle, who, like the' lightning bird- strikes down his enemy afart"- this is a :ereraffaift.-to praise them the word and there it v -.Mjr friend, said the ai, coming to where Miles stood a SuaaenlS from his wounds, "this vietorv Eore "No, duff, it iS a soldier's , 3'0Ur£-" "And it would have been _ ory."- burial, too, but for your thoueM wIer's we fight together you are oS I have told them so. Nowe prith- and rest." lel "s eat They sought the house and v. from the stores, sent out double ra,Chlet with a huge roll of twist tobaoc By Allah!" he cried, as he tmi, seat, 'T have spoken 'great words t .J5 men, but I doubt if one of the reaches the river. With fiv i," ever' blacks I vvould give them bW cS a hundred such as you I would C, way to -the river." fight a "Yet they fought magnifiemiv Ay, there are men among ihVm would fight while they had strength t stand, but they would be hard to hold n a retreat, with the enemy ahvavs s i0 ing. They would break up, o-'tuxl seek death." 1 tUXfl 10 "Is there much booty here- powdhen" iS a S0d ®tore Efns ana "If we retreated and left me toootv would not the enemy be glad to be ouii of us?" yuJt "My friend, my life is more to stoffel than all -the booty in the land it in my life or his; and he' has not schemed for wealth to pass his days in tenor or my vengeance. If we left we should be followed and overwhelmed." "What then?" "I spoke to you of a plan. What i think is this. Stoffel will withdraw hie men m the hope that we will think the way open and retire. But he will have . his force ready to strike as we go over the veldt. We must find out what his movements are, and attack him in thd night We null strike and retire. They would never follow us in the dark, it his force is divided we will have two parties out, and strike them both. This will force him to give battle aeain, It will break up that plan of his. the thought of which gives me uneasiness. He will assemble all his men, and when he marches out of his zereba, we will leave here." "To retreat?'' "No, my friend, to seize his camp. There are gre&t; stores there, and we wlii be no worse off than here. Such a stroke would dishearten his men. What do you say?" "It is a daring scheme, cmer. Suppose he leaves a. strong body in charge, we would be caught between two files."' "Why should he? He will think his camp safe, and will take forth all his foes to crush us. It seems to me a good scheme." "You will stake everything nil one blow." "That is the saving of it. Every man will fight with the strength of u-n to seize the zereba, and there is moreover prospect of booty. Stoffel will nol guard against such a plan. n is ea simple he would not think of it. Coma say, can the thing be done?" "It can be done if nothing goes wrong. If you have reliable informa tion of his movements, if yon can com pel him to withdraw ail his m-n to tight, if he does it in the night— then it can be done." "Then it must be done. There ut four men I can depend on. We will strike at them this very night, and to-morrow, by Allah! it will be done. Tim thought of it stirs my blood. It is betn-r to out match the enemy's leaders thin to kill his men. This morning wo will make a map of the land. It is settled. Xowi you would like to hear of the giri. The noise of the fighting would ,ha\v roused the dead, and she must be eager to see you." He clapped his hand and th" dork girl came to the door. He gave her an order and left the room. CHAPTER XXV. Miles looked expectantly tuwci is ihe door. He had been thinking mm h of her, with a great feeling of pity for the worn and tired little girl stranded ahm- among dangers in a wild country reunite fiom friends. Besides the hold she had made on him by her courage there w as another link that bound her to liim in his own mind. - It was on her behalf he had. after an, ventured everything in leaving England, though knowing nothing of her existence. She had taken the place of the Ptn »« had seen in Wales. That exquisite nag- rnent of a romance had faded in; J ground as misty as the early nrm miiE n the Welsh mountains, and though ne would never forget that incident, yet ne could not hope now ever to see her again. He had come, following the ntt-' thread in search of her, only to fit- her place another as desolate, as vnti' need of assistance, as he hen »v.ac;neti her to be. . He pitied this latest girl. ph ' u'a; .;o frail, and so much in need of i-ndei»e--i and he admired her, too, for h -r sp-' - These two feelings uniting vvel" ? „ f to inspire-in him a deep and gt - >n= terest, an interest which he Pols', himself partook of brotherly !'0"' So he waited, thinking, with in- > fixed on the door ready to receive m. an old friend, an elder brother per. " when the door opened, and he sto.'Ci tating without a word, but with > stare of wonderment He had never thought of hei --P pearing in woman's clothing- . had in His mind the figur a slight, white - faced ' Wacfr, large sad eyes ringed j,6r and a small sensitive m a framed in the low door. fclwBW Ijrtute dress, simple enough, but -<7mTh that he scarcely knew it F M J changed indeed she was. There I .light color in the cheks. replacing !y yas a s" paUor, the mouth no longer !?: it about the corners of the :r - drooped' thg ghost 0f a Smiie re- ; ltPsA l the clear bright eyes; ' stood and looked, and in her . . P ' tjiere came a look of wonder, ey"' the color mounted on her cheeks, r If e bod altered so had he since she ? «w him. Then he was ragged, ' , t willi a rough beard, a haggard , band eves blood-shot from, want of , He Had stooped too, as he Jimped with hi® boots broken, and never looked \- TMe'man was quite changed. He trim and tall, a little worn still, 'r uands were rough and raw on the knuckle"1 and his skin almost dark, but his fac was smooth and handsome. Thev looked each other over, and he no longer felt that he would play the brWith a smile of unfeigned pleasure and delight he stopped towards her, re covering from his surprise. "Why," he said, "you are changed. I am so glad to see you looking so much better." His voice was different too. It was no longer hoarse from exposure. She started back with her hands raised, and a look of greater wonder in her eyes. "Why," he said, "you surely recognise pie?" "I think so," she murmured, with a rising color, "but how strange. To think that we should meet here, and not know each other." His hand fell to his side, and he caught his breath as the awful idea crossed his mind that her brain had suc cumbed to the strain of the last few days. "I really believe," she said, "tliat you do not know me after all." Something in her voice this time caught his attention, something, too, In the way she tossed her head. "Gracious Heavens!" he cried, after one swift look. "You are Miss Stern- dale." She laughed and blushed, and he stood Silent, looking. "Of course," she said, "and to think we should have been together all these days without either of us finding it out." "I was puzzled sometimes when I looked at you," he said, slowly, scarcely knowing what he was saying. " But you looked so " "And you were like a tramp, the most awful example of poverty and neglect I think I ever saw, with a -voice that terrified me. I am sure I could not have looked so much changed." "But you called yourself Miss Went- jrorth," he said. "All! that is a long story. "Where is my father?" "He escaped from this place when it jvaa captured." "Captured! I thought we were in the yt iiitriiUS. "80 we are, inasmuch as they are fighting against a common enemy," and he explained the position after briefly referring to his former meeting with the lArab at Zanzibar. "Groote Adriaan went to Zanzibar. I jvonder if he met you there?" "I think I saw him," said Miles, grim ly. "I had business to do with him, and his methods were somewhat peculiar." She grew red, and he of course at once put it down to resentment at his refer ence to Adriaan, or Stoffel, by whatever name the big scoundrel passed under. "He is not a man to be trusted," he Bald, coldly. My father trusted him," she answer ed, in a low voice, with a look of trouble, " and he risked his life for hie." For a moment Miles was tempted to Show her Hie real character of this man, Whom she evidently respected if she did hot love, but he refrained. If he told her all he knew and suspected of the man's treachery, not only to herself but her father, the shock and horror of it would he too much for her to bear. He remained silent, frowning at his t noughts. > ou'" slle said, looking up at him with tears in her eyes. "I cannot find or as 10 thank you for what you -did, na fiii- your great kindness to a poor "And -last now you said I was the Bav? " V exaniple of a tramp you ever She smiled through her tears, and he teit prompted then and there to fold her in his arms. Isn't it wonderful to meet you here? sca'cely believe it yet." Does it please you?" he said, softly. 0 me"t a friend in the wilderness? Fan you ask? But how is it you vame in this country?" rll s'-a''cl1 of you," he said quickly. „!x me?" she whispered. fie- oi.0S'<\- 1 returned to Wales to see you pri»o'' that life held no dearer tno o' ... ,u ad Bone; but chance gave on 1,, 1 clue, and I left for Zanzibar siness, as I hoped, with your fath- j, ' was met by another man, kid- t.„' and escaped. Still hoping that aaml r110t 1x5 mistaken in your father's diffin.'i - 031116 on. There were many mculties to overcome, but, thank hea- 1 was right." Sj00d silent, trembling. Von 1" . ,not 3810 wrhy," he said." But I you1" '' .-'-aura; it was for love and o),eilu'1's head to look into her eyes, took fc ? t,mId uplifting of them he Was iv,6r his arms. Outside there stood anartn0f,firm steps and 38 they aart the door opened. the h,aCe ,e to you» my friends, and in eravei J " happiness," said the Arab. Watch <" "Hat to-day the men must (To be Continued) 