Staitnming. HOW NUTTALL BEAT CAVILL. The Pace was Too Rapid. Since 1893 uo professional swim ming race of such importance hs the match between Joseph Nuttall, professional champion 01 the world, and Ernest CaviU, champion of Australia, which occurred on 8lh ult. ArtOL" the signing of articles for a 500 yards race the men went into training. Both men found it difficult to train. Cavill suffered from 60Vore cold, no doubt owing to change of climate, while Nuttall was troubled witli un old rheumatic affection of the knee. Cavill needed but little training, as he is slfinc, well-built man, but ho kept himself in fairly good condition, and swain very satisfactory trials for his backer. The original agreement was to swim 500 yards for £100 a-sidc. This was afterwards altcrod to 515 yards 2 feet. The Australian from start to finish never had a ghost of a chance with the English champion, who, though lie beat record in this match, w&s; not pressed, the Austra lian giving up soon after reaching the half-distance and when nearly a length beliind. From the dive Nuttall showed in front, and very quickly gained n lead, which he increased as he pleased. The Australian struggled on, but was evidently in difficulties, the fast puce set by Nuttall being loo groat for hiiu. - When uine lengths out of the seventeen had been traversed by Cavill his opponent was over u length ahead, and soon after the Australian stopped dead, and retired from the cuntcst. Nut tall vfrent on alone, and when he reached the 500 yards mark was iiinide record, his time being Grain 88|sec, as against! Gmin 43 Jsec, the previous .best, also by Nuttall, as far back as 1890, in a thousand yante race. His time for tho full dis tance was Gmin GOsec. There was but little speculation on the race, the odds being quoted at 8 to 1 on NuttulL J. H. Derbyshire, tlio noted English amateur swimmer, has agreed to meet Jack Hcllings, of YVoolIoomooloo Bay, K.S.W., in a 100yds swimming match on the 27Lh inst. Herbert Thompson has a challenge out to box Joe Newton, the last-named a son of the veterau Peter. 