Miscellaneous. From the latest English files to hand we take the following interesting items : — To do penance for his sins the Abbe Maltier of Boistrudau, near Eennes, broke stone on the high way for three days, refreshing himself only with bread and water. His parishioners subsequently entertained him at a substantial repast. Seven ccuples claimed the bacon at the Dunmow Flitch ceremony. A pair of septuagenarians from Islington and a labourer and his wife from Great Leigbs, near Chelmsford, who adduced evidence to prove that their marriages had been anything but failures, received the ancient award. The marriage of two divorced persons at Man chester has ended in a third divorce. A lad of the Public School Battalion, in camp at Aldershot, was killed by the accidental discharge of his rifle, over the muzzle of which he leaned in order to ease the spring. His hand slipped, the trigger was released, and he received the entire charge in his stomach. A Galashiels baker, iu revenge for dismissal, throw a large quantity of sulphuric acid into a vessel containing 30 gallons of barm. He was fined £5. Can a separated wife sue her husband for damages on account of libel P This point seems never to have been raised before in a court of law till Mr. Justice Kennedy decided it at Liverpool recently. He held that euch an action could be brought, and gave a verdict for the wife for damages, and also for an in junction. The libel was contained in three telegrams imputing immoral conduct to the wife, which at the trial was not defended. The Secretary for War, speaking for the Govern ment, has declined to reopen the question of Sir John Willoughby's and his brother officers' commissions, which were forfeited by their disobedience to orders in the Jameson Bald. It will be remembered that Mr. Labouchere recommended the restoration of these commissions, but the South African Committee made no reference to them in its report. Some months' ago some gold prospectors in Alaska came across what looked like a lake of oil, filled by innumerable springs, and surrounded by moun tains full of coal. Experts say that there is enough oil and coal to supply the whole world, and as the lake is near the sea — in fact, in one place the oil is oozing into the salt water — export will be easy. A company has already been formed, and the fortunate owners of the property are expecting to make fortunes. Two Judges of the Divisional Court have decided that % constable who uses force to stop a cyclist riding without a light is guilty of assault. The point arose in a Somersetshire case, in which an officer forcibly threw to the ground a cyclist so riding. A similar decision was announced by Highgate magis trates in July, 1895. For heating a cow with a milking-stool an Oswestray man was fined two guineas. Some £800 was spent by local authorities at Porth cawl in the endeavour to discover a water-supply. A ' water-finder' supposed to possess supernatural powers was employed, but without success. Rate payers protested, and the councillors who engaged the expert are to be required personally to meet a large share of the expense. A Scarborough, man shot a predatory cat ; some of the shots penetrated a cow-house where a woman was milking. She was so badly frightened that medical treatment was necessary. Damages of 10 guineas were given to her by a local court. Miss Long, aged 107, lives at Birtley Fell, Dur ham. She has a brother who is almost a centenarian, and her elder sister died recently at the age of 109.— A negro couple aged respectively 104 and 97 hav« been married at Knoxrille, Tennessee. At the inquest on the victim of the petroleum hairwash accident the jury returned a verdict of death from the effects of burning caused by the unexplained ignition of the hairwash. The coronet remarked that now the danger of the wash was known the position of any hairdresser who used it would be very serious in the case of another fatal accident. Lord Kelvin, in a letter to ' The Times,' upholds the theory that an electric spark from the hair itself ignited the fumes. A City money-lender sued a man to whom he had advanced £4 for £11 odd, chiefly composed of interest. The Judge ordered payment at the rate of 6d a month, which gives the debtor 37 years to pay in. The conference between the Postmaster- General and the telegraph clerks and Post Office employees shown that the grievances of the latter are numerous. Junior sorters, for instance, complain that their day is split up, their hours on duty being 4 a.m. -till 7,30 a.m. and 4.30 p.m. until 8 p.m. The medical officer to the Post Office has strongly condemned such hours. Sir \ Albert Eollit, on behalf of the employees, stated that overtime work was not objected to, but that compulsory, unlimited, and chronic overtime was distasteful. Mr. Spencer Walpole, in reply, said that the rule of the Post Office was that when a sufficient number of volun teers for overtime work was not forthcoming, men should be impartially selected for it, and that over time was quite as compulsory as the ordinary duties of the service. Letter-carriers urged that the maxi- : mum wage should be at least 30a a week ; in. some towns, like Brighton, where living wa's expensive, ? it was as low as 22s. Mr. Schwann, M.P., on behalf of the telegraphists, urged the increase of the maxi mum wage of five-year service men. to £200 in stead of £160 in London and £145 elsewhere, as at present, and pointed out that certain cable com panies paid their telegraphists 60 per cent, more than the Government. It was also asserted that the junior telegraph clerks only had holidays in winter, a state of affairs strongly condemned by Sir Albert Kollit. The longest electric railway in Europe will be laid through the Crimea this autumn. It will extend from Sevastopol to Yalta, a distance of 85 versts. : Eighteen three-pennybits were found in the possession of a suspected church robber at Heywood. This was regarded as strong proof of his guilt, and he was sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment— one month for each contribution . A fox ran across the metals in front of an excur- - don train near Harpenden. He lost all but one inch of his tail, but trotted off unconcernedly. A domestic at Sandwhich dressed up in a sheet and darted like a ghost at another servant. The latter became insane and drowned herself. Two tin trunks,, said to contain patent medicine, were left in charge of a resident of Ince. The resi dent became alarmed, fearing that the boxes were infernal machines; and informed the police, who found the trunks to be full of valuable jewellery, stolen from a Wigan dealer. Open Shows — what are they ? (asks the-' Scottish; Farmer.') Most excellent things in their own ; place, but sometimes they are uot there. The object ' of an open show- is to bring together the best of all ' ? classes of stock in the county or district. The object of a local shew ia to improve the stock within the area of the show by fostering a spirit of emulation and good fellowship amongst all in that paricular neighbourhood. But if the managers of a local show make it open in order to increa.se the number of their entries, doubtless they have their reward ; but, in the end, they lose more than ? they gain, because local parties perhaps will be disheartened when ani mals from a distance are pitted against theirs, and owners from a distance scoop up all the prize money subscribed m the locality for the encouragement of local stock. A local show with opsn entries may be a financial and spectacular success, but a great fail ure for the true ends aimed at in the institution of the Bhowi. 