THE NEW COOK. •M suppose Katie thought that she would lliave more work to do if there was a guest in jthe house ; soon after I told her you were coming she was taken sink and had to leave. Lot ime see—where was I ? ' One of butter, two of hugar, four eggs.' Now, Margaret, you need ;taot beat those eggs. I dtclare it is a shame to invito you here and then put you up in the 'kitchen to woik ! " I Here pretty Mrs. Thome paused to t»ke breath. Margaret locked up at her friend and laughed—a low, hearty laugh that was good i (to hear—and continued to beat the foaming iwhite mass on the plate she held. If you heard Margaret Moore laugh without seeing h»r face you would haTO an instantaneous desire to beliold it, then you would Lave wished to know (the owner, not that it was a beautiful face ; it jwas simply bright and happy. Her voice ''matched the laugh in its low, sweet tones, } 41 You are the same old Lutie. I cannot see •4hat a husband and a boy have changed you in Ithe least. I am sorry for your sake that your cook is gone, but you need not worry on my account. I am never so happy as when busy at ;«ome piece of housework, especially cooking. :You must remember that 1 have had a very /practical education. At home we girls always (managed the house." " That explains your knowing how to do ^everything. All, Mnrgaret, what a mistake Some mothers make in bringing up their daughters, I am for ever in a muddle of some kind, jYou would be surprised and shocked if I told you of some of the mistakes I have made since I have been housekeeping. And it is all owing jto my not having been taught when I was a girl ,»t home. When I have a good servant everything goes on very well, but it is often the case jthat I am obliged to put up with a poor one, land she must ever remain so, for I cannot [teach her better." : There was such honest distress in her faca 'that Margaret did not laugh, but helped hsr ;with the cake and changed the subject. I Supper tiine came. Mr. Thome was home 'from the bank and little Robbie from school. iMargaret had made a dish of salad, and the «ake was pronounced delicious. I don't see but what we can get along very -well without a cook," said Mr. Thorne, helping ihimself a second time to the salad. " That is (because Margaret is here." " Never mind—she is going to teach me all she knows. I shall surprise ycu yet," said the little wife, hopefully. ! He laughed, rose from the table, and was .about to leave the room when he drew a letter •from his pocket. 1 " Here is a note from Aunt Sarah, pet ; I Shad almost forgotten it." { Mrs. Thorne opened the scented envelope and tread the note inside in silence, but her face was -^eloquent with disappointment and despair, j ' " What in the world is the matter, Lutie ?" .jSaid Margaret anxiously. " Is anyone sick or •^.ead ? I never saw you look so hopeless " ! " Aunt Sarah and Mary are coming here." «• Is that all ?" h " Why, Margaret ! You have no idea what •;a horrid woman Aurit Saiali is. She and Mary jcome and slay a month at a time. They are jsuch model housekeepers that they think I jought to be too, and never excuse a mistake. :As for Mr. Thome's aunt, Aunt Sarah thinks jshe is privileged to look into my ck sets and jcupboartis—and—well, you know they are aljways mote or less stirred up. I do straighten things once in a while, but they won't stay that iway long. I don't profess lo be a model houseibseper, but it is so aggravating to have lier .fuss witii me ! She is a regular spy, and Mary is just like her," ! . Having thus freed her mini Lutie tranquilly •finished her supper. Then they talked the .matter over seriously. f- " In the first pkee we must get a cook at any price,'' said Lutie. " And it is almost impossible to engage a good one at such short notice.'" 1 _ " If they are coming to-morrow evening it would be better to put the house in order first. •Let your washerwoman come and scour everything in tho kitchen and panlry ; you and I can see to the rest of the house, and bake up some nice things to tickle Aunt Sarah's palate." Lutie's face brightened. " You are just lovely ! If Aunt Sarah is ,neat she can't begin to cook as you do. I only •.wish she could taste some of your dainty .dishes." How long will they stay ? I do not think you finished reading the letter, you were so up- Latie took np the note and read—" So sorry, ibut we can remain with you but a few days." " Isn't that just fplendid ? I might get a .girl who would be willing to come for so short a time." " Please mum, would I suit?" said Margaret,! dropping a curtesy. I " Don't joke now, clear ; I am in such; ^trouble !" ! . " I was never more earnest in my life. 1 ' * • Lutie opened her graj eyes to their widest: • extent, while her friend proceeded to explain, Iherself. j< •« I have not met your aunt and cousin, and; • do rot wish to. It will be such fun ! Pray, let, me do it, Lutie. It has rained so since I came; that no one has called, and so no one knows I' am here. I have been playing the fine lady in! jtown for the past six months ; it would be so; refreshing to be the new cook for a little while.".' So Lutie finally consented to the plan. «• How did you enjoy your visit at your uncles ?"' the inquired, as they washed the dishes and arranged the table for the next meal. " Oh. it was grand, of course. They live in an elegant mansion on one of the most fashionable streets in the city, and entertain a deal of company. It was a great pleasure to me to go to the opera. Aunt insisted on giving me all my party dresses, and I daresay I passed for a young lady who had been reared in the lap of luxury, and knew nothing of the common duties of life." "A gentleman from this place, a great friend of ours, was in the city last wiuter attending lectures, I woadtr if you met him— Doctor Stone ?" Margaret's face flushed. " Yes, he came to the house quite often. Ho is related to one of aunt's friends. I did not know he lived here." " He is not here now, and I am glad, for Aunt Sarah and Mary will be disappointed. 1 have no doubt that is the object of their visit. Aunt is determined Mary shall capture him, and I am afraid the poor fellow will be bouud to yield." The next day was a very busy one for the two friends. When night came everything was in perfect order ; not a closet had been neglected. It is safe to say Mrs. Thome's house had never been in such a state before. The pantry was filled with good things, and Lutie was fairly dumb with astonishment at the marvellous results attained by her friend. The guests arrived late iu the evening. Aunt Sarah was one of the patronising kind of women ; Mary, a pale, languid woman of 33, whose beauty was a thing of the past, but with very girlish ways. The next morning Aunt Sarah looked with wondering eyes at the breakfast table. The china and silver were the same, but somehow new in their arrangement. Then when Lutie poureel out the amber coffee, clear and strong, a-nd delicious with rich cream, Aunt Sarah looked really injured. If there was anything she was proud of it was knowing bow to make good coffee. Lutie always had a lecture on this subject. This morning she was forced to ac """— knowledge in her secret heart that the coffee was superior to her owa. Then she tnrned her attention to the meat. It lay upon the table, smoking hot, a delicate piece of broiled ham with butter gravy. Then the bread—plain biscuit baked a pale brown, auel corquettes made of chicken—could anything be nicer ? One thing she was certain of, however, it was not Lutie's doing. "You must have a new cook," said Mary. " Is she a good girl ?" " Ob, ye?, very good !"' answered Lutie, with a twinkle in her eye, as Margaret enteral just then with a plate of hot biscuits. Aunt Sarah looked up and scanned her from head to foot. " A very genteel-looking girl," thought she, " and the best cook Lutie ever had." After breakfast came the tour of inspection, and Lutie laughed to herself to see how disappointed her aunt looked as they returned to the sitting - room with no subject for a lecture. She would have been still more amused if she had k.iown the resolve in that lady's mind. It was this : " I shall offer that girl higher wagc-s to come and live with me " " I am sorry Dr. Stone is not in town," said Lutie, expecting to see her guests look crestfallen. But Mary answered briskly— " Oh, yes, he is ! He came in on the same train that we did." " Well, really !" said Lutie, inwardly raging. " There ! As usual I have made a muddle, when I was so anxious that Doctor Stone should fall in love with Margaret. Now I have left the field clear for that abominable Mary, and Margaret in the kitchen ! What shall I do ?" She went out to her friend and tried to persuade her to abandon her plan. She was not succcssful. " I do not see any danger in it. He need not see me. Let Miss Mary have full chance, and you can repoit what headway she makes." Doctor Stone came and called, came again and spent the evening with his friends. A week passed, and the geusts said nothing about leaving. " We are in for a month's siege,'' groaned Lutie, in secret. Soon after this the doctor called one afternoon and found Lutie alone. She begau to question him about his winter in the city. " I had a friend spending the season there- Margaret Moore, Did you meet her?" sW| asked, looking at him with innocent eyes. The joung man changed colour. " Yes, 1 met her very often." " You liked her—you could not help it," said she, eagerly. " I remember now that you once told me you wished I would fall in love with this friend of yours," said he, with a sad smile-. " And so you did," thought Mrs. Thorne, exultantly. "She is very charming," he continued, " very lovely ; but she would not be the right kind of wife for me. lama poor man, a physician, and when I marry it must be with a girl who has had a practical education, Miss Moore has been tenderly reared by wealthy relatives. If you could see her, as 1 did.sparkliug with diamonds! and arrayed in costumes whose cost would be a; whole ycar'^incoroe to me, you would not won-; '"' der cnat i tougnt DacK tne love 1 leic ror ner. SJCII a maniage would only biing unhappiness." Just here the guests returned, and Lutie excused htr»elf hnd ran upstairs to Margaret's loom, where she laughed until she cried, but refused to explain to anyone the cause of her merriment. Doctor Stone had a very urgent invitation to dii.e at the Thome's the next djy, aud the dinner was a marvel of culinary art. Lutie felt a little nervous wheu she tapped the bell, and noticed that Margaret hesitated a moment as she opened the door and saw the trap that had been laid for her ; but it was only for a moment. She then came forward and performed her duties. Doctor Stone and Aunt Sarah were having a very interesting discussion, and probably he would not have noticed Margaret if she had not called his attention to her. " This is the girl whose cooking we have been praising," ehe said, more determined than ever to coax her away. Doctor Stone looked up with a pleasant smile at the blushing girl, when he uttered an exclamation of .surpiise and half rose from his chair. Margaret felt that it was time for her lo leave, and did so as quickly and quietly as possible. " What is the matter, doctor ? You look as ] if you had seen a ghost," said Mary sharply. He murmured something and looked to his licstess for help, but that naughty little woman seemed as much surprised as the rest. " Don't you think—did you not notice the resemblance ?'' " Bstween whom " Your servant and Miss Moore." " Now that you speak of. it, I believe I do. There is something about Peggy's tyes that made me think of my ftiend." Mr. Thorne looked as if he were going to speak, but % little private tel< gram from his wife made him change his mind. The men started away scon after dinner. Lutie managed to whisper to the doctor that Aunt Sarah and Mary would be out the next evening, and if ho would call she thought she could explain that resemblance. He looked more mystified than ever, but promised he would come. It took considerable strategy to make Margaret put on her most becoming dress and go to the door when the bell rang. She thought Lutie meant mischief, and when Doctor Stone stepped into the hall and took both of her hands in his, saying, " Can it be possible that it was you I saw yesterday, or have you just arrived ? Pray explain this mystery," she felt sure it was a plot, and was unable to say a svori. Lutie came in and told the story in such a way that Doctor Stone saw at once how blind aud foolish he had bten. The words he could not u.tter three months before to this elegant Miss Moore now trembled oa bis lips. Lutie, seeing this, slipped iway. Aunt Sarah and Mary returned to be introduced to the future Mrs. Stone, and were dumb from wrath. The next train carritd them home, Lutie secrttly hoping they might stay there. As they believe she was the chief offender in this plot to circumvent their plans it i3 likely they will. Margaret makes the doctor an excellent wife, and has never for a moment regretted the time when she acted as " the tew cook." 