[?] By ' Nonaflet." . ' SPOKELETS. Martin Still winning. Nets A' 120 in eight days, i: Cannot someone be found good enough t6 beat the Yank ? Australians have grown prize fighters, oarsnlen, cricketers, etc. Why not a champion cyclist ? £, Ken Lewis hae gone off the champion jnuk; and now figures 20 yards in two Hon Walker is riding splendidly, and behind pace seems likely to get all Aus- , tralian short records. Already the quarter and half-mile are his— the quarter in 25 4-5theec, and the half in 52sec. He tries the mDe at the first possible oppor tunity. . Parsons, is in better form just now. Marriage does not always kill an athlete. ...Percy Hunter, eecretary of the League .Wheelmen of New South Wales, bffered to zent the post-office dock face for advertising purposes. The Sydney papers took the offer seriously, and hadjoomments xm the Audacity of the proposal.- /Hunter " pulls legs" as well as most youngsters. . The Hdbooriie contingent went to -Sydney on Monday. The express train w&b; iaRcf Aringxnen Aod paoers, bnt ibid happiest-ibf all was H, B. James, of the Honlop Tire Company, who had Might on board more precious than wheels moid tires and padqg men. "Cycling tot '% field >of xotba&cefi; iti own. L0c' . The League of- Wheelmen has prepared a £461 programme 'for the March "fflbefc ing. There is plenty ofoUi9Sracmg 'and five scratch events, including three championships — one Australasian and two Victorian. To dear expenses the league will have to take T900 and odd. Rent of the' Exhibition reaches £150; and advertising a like amount. Bicyde meetings are expensive to run. Jimmy Carpenter is running stale, and is underweight. He wants a spell. Banning, the Englishman, is riding well just now, bnt goldmining is more to his fancy than cycle racing. He returns to West Australia an anrom almost immediately. f- " Tom Belph has pretty well recovered- from the attack of- sunstroke received to Adelaide. Leone makes & capital referee. He has fined nearly all the cracks, and has stood no nonsense. All have to wear correct colore and numbers or pay 2s Gd. Porta objected to the fine, and said — "M. Porta never pay fines and Lenne said — "All right, then, yon don't raoe." Porta paid his fine. The league re-constitution scheme meets with the approval of conntry centres. Bendigo Michelson is particu larly pleased with it. A W. Smart, of the Customs depart ment, has invented a tire improvement for the better dealing with punctures. It is an extra inner tube, which may be inflated when the ordinary tnbe is per forated. A nail or anything else of the sort which goes through to the rim will still cause as much blasphemy as ever, because it will puncture both tubes. The new tire has many advantages, however. It adds 8 ounces to the weight of the machine, and costs 15 s. to fit. Arthur Seymour, manager of the Cycle Show at tbe Exhibition, will ( presently start on a tour through America running cycle shows. He claims much ex perience. Plugger Bill, the Mascotte, has great luck. He won £10 in the Half -mile Scratch on Saturday night owing to a mishap to Broadbent's chain. Bill w&b; watching Porta so closely and Porta was so intent upon looking after Bill that they both got into a bad position, and on entering the last lap hadn't a ghost of a show of winning. Just then Broadbent's chain mounted the cogs, and caused him to swerve far ont. He carried the field with him, and Martin and Porta were thus given a clear running on tbe inside. Ken Lewis has abandoned his intention of going home. The " Argu6 " collected their suburban polling returns on Federation Day by the aid of a cycle corpB. The work was emartly done, and the idea is likely to be much used in the future. Kellow has been out of training for several weeks. He went to Sydney on Monday, and will bo on the track again forthwith. Fischer, the unlucky Dayton rider, has permanently retired from the racing path. No man could be expected to go on battling against tbe Chinese luck he experienced. 