Religious A New Year's Sermon. TO-DAY! TO-DAY! By Late Rev. C. H. SPURGEON. "To-day if yo will hear His voice, harden not your heart."—Psalm xcv. 7, 8. . We have here, first, a time specified-the Holy Ghost saith "To-day"; secondly, a .voice to be regarded—" If ye will bear His .voice" ; and then, thirdly, an evil to be dreaded, against which we are warned— •' Harden not your heart." There is a sad tendency in man to harden his heart even when God speaks ; therefore saith the Holy Ghost to v«, " Harden not your heart, as in the provocation." 1\. Firßt, then, the time specified—" To day if ye will hear His voice." To-day is a time of obligation. What if I should repent to-morrow, yet it will be a Bin to remain impenitent to-day. What if I should believe in Christ next year, yet .will it be a heinous offence to have been an unbeliever this year. I met with a striking sentence in the works of William Mason which is well worthy to be written among your memoranda : " Every day of delay leaves a day more to repent of, and a day less to repent in." . Remember, also, that to-day 1b a time o! opportunely. With some of you it is a time* of choice opportunity, for you are in good health, and possess the powers of clear connected thought. How much bettor is such a day than the gloomy period when you will lie eick and near to death ! That poor brain will be distracted with .a thou sand cares and fears : how will you then be table to grasp the solemn truths of re velation for the first timo ? Many have «ald to me when I have seen them dying, " If I had a Christ to find now, what should Ido ?" Seek ye the Lord while yet your health is continued to you. Paul tells us plainly that it is a time limited. He says, " Again He limlteth a certain day, saying in David, To-day if ye .will hear His voice." To-day will not last for ever ; a day is but a day. When days are longest, shadows fall at last, and night come* on. The longest life soon wanes into the evening of old age, and old age hastens to the sunset of the tomb. It is a limited day—a day, but only a day. How very limited life is in many instances ! How many are born, but never reach com plete manhood ! The thought of death has often brought men to decision. They tell ub in, the old histories that Peter Waldo, an ominent merchant, had lived a thoughtless, careless life, but as ike walked the streets of Lyons, his friend, who was apparently in good health, suddenly reeled and died. Waldo at once sought the Lord, believed . the gospel, and preached it to others. Ac cording, to certain writers, 'ho became the founder of that wonderful people the Wal densians, who maintained the truth of God through many a century when the whole earth was covered with papal darkness. In a book entitled " Wonders of Grace," by a Primitive Methodist minister, I met -with a story which pleased mo much. A young man in Berlin who was sick with fever was attended lovingly by a young doctor. It was a 'singußß^rovidence that the bed «hould be pushed close against the wall, which -was only a thin partition separating the apartment from the room in which lived the landlord of the house. While the aicß man lay there he was astonished to 'hear a voide whisper in his own tongue a verse .which may be translated thus— , " To-day thou livest yet, To-day turn thee to God; For ere to-morrow comes Thou mayest be with the dead." Over and over again the same words were whispered. It so impressed him that, when bis young friend the physician asked him .how he was, he looked at him earnestly, and repeated the verse again, and said, " Your pulee is better, but if VI were not for that I should think you -worse, for you are evidently raving." To this he received no answer but a repetition of the lines. He could get nothing out of his patient but that verse, spoken with an awe-struck look and thrill ing voice. The young physician went home thoughtful, and when he came next time he found his friend much better, sitting up in bed, reading the Scriptures. The two sought -and found the Saviour. How came the lines to have thus Bounded in the sick man's ears? Was it a dream? Did an angel pronounce the warning? No ; it was a little boy who had failed to repeat "his lesson to his father, and had been made to stand in the corner, with his face to the wall, till he knew the lines. How various are the methods of mercy ! Mark well the truth that to-day ia the only time that any man has. " Our time is all to-day, to-day, The same, though changed; and while it flies With still small voice the moments say, ' To-day, to-day, be wise, be wise !' " 2\. Secondly, let us think of the voice to be regarded. " To-day if ye will hear His voice." Place the emphasis on the word His. Remember that the voice of God is the voice of authority. God has a right to speak to you ; shall the creature refuse * to hear the Creator ? Shall those who aro nourished and fed by Him turn a deaf ear to itbe Preserver of men ? The voice here spoken of is the voice of love. How wooing are its tones ! The Lord in Holy Scripture speaks of mercy and of pardon bought with blood, the blood of his dear Son. O man, He calls you to Him, not that He may slay you, but that He may save you. He does not summon you to a prison, but He invites you to a Juwquet. God speaks not.as Judge, but as -Father; not'as from Sinai, but from Cal vary ; •• Come now, And let us reason to- gettaer, saith the Lord; though your sins be as scarlet, they sbaM be white- as snow;" "Come unto Me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." Do not be cruel to almighty love ! Be not ungenerous to eternal pity ! Rememtter, too, that this is the voice of power. This is a sweet thought for those of you who are without strength. You will perhaps say, "I cannot turn -unto God ;" but He can turn you. You lament that you cannot feel as you wish ; He can give you every gracious feeling. God's voice alone created the world ; He spake the universe out of nothing, and when darkness' en wrapped it He said, " Light be," and light was. He who spake thus in nature can thus speak in grace, and work salvation in you. The text warns you against harden ing your heart, and if you will listen to the voice of God it will soften your heart. " His voice breaketh the cedars of Lebanon; His voice maketh the hinds to calve ;" so can His voice break your hard heart and cause your hesitating spirit to decide. Only yield to. it ; yield to It now ; the day may come when you will never hear it again. It is a pitiful story I once heard told of an old man sitting alone with his little grandshild. Taking the little child on his knee, he said, " My boy, seek the Lord be times ; seek Him now;" " Grandpa," said he, " have you sought Him ?" " No, child," he said, " no." " But, grandpa, should you not seek Him ?" The old man "Tshook his head- and sadly answered, " I would, child, but my heart is hard ; my. heart \\* hard. There was a thne"; and then the old man wept. Oh, but if such an old man too here, I say to him, there was a time, and there is a time. " To-day if ye will hear His voice, harden not your heart." V 3. Now comes our third point, which tells of the evil to be dreaded. " Harden not your hearts." It will be a serious evil if you do. Are you resolved to be IOBt ? If so, then there is ono thing I would like you to do, and that is, to put it in writing. I would, daring as it seems to me, challenge you to write out your covenant with hell. ■ I would have you look yourself in the face and say, " I have surrendered myself to a life of sin, and I am resolved to take the consequences, and die an enemy to God." If you will put that in black and white, I feel persuaded you will start back from It and say, "It must not be." But you an swer, " No, I could not write it." Then wherefore do it ? Perhaps this morning one more obstinate fit will end all our hope of you ; one more holding of conscience by the throat until it turns black in the face wltfh your grip may be the final action that shall decide your future, and you will never be troubled again by compunction or con viction. Ah. me. It it should come to this, that you will henceforth.glide down with out a jerk to the bottomless pit ! God forbid it. 0 Almighty Spirit, suffer it not to be so with any here ! To harden the heart is a great evil. This great sin, this dreadful sin, can be committed in a great many ways. Some harden their hearts by a resolution not to feel ; they set their faces like flint* and resolve to shake oft the word. I recollect preaching once when my host disappeared on a sudden about the middle of the ser mon, and I noticed that a friend who had travelled there with me disappeared too. Afterwards I found out' th« reason. I said, " What made So- and-so go out?" He said, "I guessed what It was, and I went after him, and he said to me, ' Mr. Spurgeon handles me like a piece of ind'.arubber, and shapes me as lie likes. If I stop in there I shall be converted, and that will never do, and therefore I slipped out.' " Ah, me! many fly from their best Friend. While they are plastic they ere afraid of being cast into the right mould. Some of you are very much like plaster of Paris, or other cement, which will take any snape while it is soft ; but, oh, how quick it sets, and there is no altering it. Bethink you in what plight you will be -when you come to die without Christ. How would you like to die like Queen Elizabeth, of whom history tells us that site would not go to bed —she would-have cushions on the floor ; for If she went to bed she would die, and she could not bear the thought ? This was her frequent cry : " Call time again ! Call time again ! A world for an inch of timo !" May God grant that such may never be your lot; for if you so die, there is something after death more awful still. Escape for thy life ! To-day if thou wilt hear His voice, harden not thino heart. A blow seems to have been dealt at mis sions in Japan. The Yokohama corre spondent of the " Daily News" writes :— The Japanese are freeing themselves from the missionary in a manner which can scarcely be considered creditable. Twenty years ago the American missionaries found ed at Kyoto the Doshisba College, believing that by combining religious and secular instruction they could more effectually suc ceed in making converts. The institution was one of which the founders were Justly proud, and the instruction given was equal to that of any scholastic institution in Japan, with the exception perhaps of the Imperial University. But the college was established at Kyoto, and that being out side Treaty limits, it had to be in the hands of Japanese. A Christian gentleman, Dr. Ncssima, co-operated with the missionaries, and faithfully assisted them up to the day of his decease, when other trustees took charge. Then a great change came over the spirit of the education. The mission aries, who had in all expended something like 500,000 yen on the college, found them selves being elbowed out and their princi ples scoffed at by persona connected with its administration. Instead of listening to the earnest protests of the representatives of the mission, the trustees in one instance promoted an instructor who had been most active in assailing the Christian founda tions of the institution to be the head of an important department. Under the cir cumstances the missionaries feel their only course is to resign and to sever their con nection with the institution. The " Bundaberg Mall" or Wednesday states that the Rev. A. E. Eustace, who for many years has laboured amongst the Kanakas in that district, has recently been appointed to a charge In connection with the Baptist Church at Hendra, near Bris bane. He leaves for the scene of his new labours in a few days. . In a letter, to the " Mall," appearing in the same issue, Mr. Eustace explains that his intended mis sion to the island of Malayta has had to be abandoned. The collections taken during his recent visit to Brisbane were not more than sufficient to cover travelling expenses. He is hopeful, however, that good may yet result from his advocacy of the claims of this mission-field. 