Miners Starving at Klondike. Vancouver (British Columbia), September 15.—S'nee last week interest on the Pacific slope has turned from the rgonauts who sailed to Dyea and Skagway, and who are now with toilsome steps elimb ng the Chilcoot aud White Passes. All anxiety is n.>w concentrated on i)awson City. Four vesiels have eome down from St Michael's, thai lonely trading po?t iu Behring Sea, end their passengers tell a tale of woe that makes people sick with fear. At this little trading post, which is just outside the Arctic circle, there are tons of provisions, bat at Dawson City £20,000 will not buy four sacks of flour ! Desperate efforts are being made to get some of this food up the 2,000 miles of toe Yukon riv^r, but the outlook ia too terrible to contemplate. The cabl<> will have told of the arrival iu Seattle of the steamer Clevedon, with a precious cargo of gold, and it will have also related how the big stores in Dawson City have closed their doore, and how immediate is tbe danger of famine. Klondike is golden, but foodan<£ those *vho seccumbed to the difficulties of Dyea and Sk&gway; are to b« numbered among fortunate men. TVS C0R8H Or WHISKT. Siae* the Cleveland arrived, the etsam schooner Ciolden Shore has also come dewn from the north, and one of her passengers, a half-breed named Wigg, the son of a white man and an Alaskan aquaw, has in a few words put the situation. He has a claim on £1 Dorado Creek, and on his dump is nearly £4,000. He has left his bioiher up there aid come down for food. He will return in the spring. When asked what drove him out of the country hi« laconic reply was * Grub.' Then ha told how he went t« the store of the monopoly company with a bag of gold dust, and, in his own words, 4 They turned me down.' Then he sought another store and they informed him that he could have one •ack of fljur. This was in July last. ' I knew what that meant,' he said. ' I had been in the Yukon be:ore when there was a shortage. 1 said to myself, 4 Get out of here quick,' aud I got. I left Daweon on August 18.'' The curse of whisky is over all this talk of starvation. The two companies that rarry supplies up the Yukon riyer from 8t. Mi hael's to Oawson City ars being blamed for this. They have, during this season given mp a very large amount of freight space, not to food, but to wines and whisky. The worst instance reported is that of the steamer Alice. She was going up the river towing a barge ladea with eighty tons of whisky and wines, including a quantity of champagne. There was also mnch food on boaid. Near Fort Yukon, about 200 miles above Daweon, the barge grounded. The river was failing so fast that the barge had to be relieved of her cargo. Overboard then went tons of flour, bacon, sugar, beans, and canned goods, while the eighty tons of iiqu -r was transferred to the steanser Alic«*, which took it all into Dawson City. The miners when they heard of what had happened were very angry. They did n«t want whisky, they wished for fleuT ; and one man even went so far as to propose that the next fellow who bronght in even a gallon of whisky should be strung up as a warning. How serious this stats of things is will be gathered when it is .learned that the population of Dawson, which, after the first rush to the Klondike last winter, wis 2,000, is now 6,000. Even if any more steamers succeed in getiitig up the Yukon the store? they carry will not feed the people till Christmas. And to those already on the ground must be added the people who, between now and then, wiil reach the camp by the trails. DIVISION OF FOOD BT HINEB6. Most of the men who are now reaching Dawson City by land take in a good supply of food. In the continued arrival of these gold-seekers rests the salvation of those already there. When a newcomer reaches Klondike now with a supply of food, he and his pack are taken in charge by the miners' committee. They take out from the pack enough food to keep the man alive till the first supply boat can reach the diggings, and the remainder is distributed pro rata.. Of course the new comer is paid Dawson City prices for what is taken from him. Besides this awful fight against starvation, the miners are having to contend with sickness. Dawson City is not the healthiest place in Canada, and for some time past typhoid has been raging there One can imagine what this means up there where there are no facilities for caring for invalids, and at present only one licensed doct3r. More medical men ars on the way there, but they must get a Government license before they can practise. Still, it is hoped that the disease will disappear with the aid of the severe eold weather. Bat the cold weather brings its fears and dangers too. The problem of shelter for the winter is one that demands much solving. Fully half ei the 6,000 people in Dawson are at present living in tents. They ctn do so daring Jaly and August, bnt with tbe theremometer AO degrees below xero it is almost impossible to live in a canvas honee. Lumber commands fabulous prices. LogB, which in that region mean poles from four to six inches in diameter, sell from 16s to 32s apiece in Dawson, so house building is as expen sive as supplying oneself with food. The logs have to be hauled or floated fifteen miles. Wages in the mines are still at the old scale. Miners workiBg in the ' holes' get £3 a day, and skilled labor in Dawson City is paid at the same rate, The common laborer receives £2 a day, bat there are already mors of this data than are wanted. LAXD IK DAWSON COSTS £25 A FOOT. It is very expensive becoming property-holder in Dawson City. Lots where tbe business lvmses are located already sell for £25 per front foot Cigars cost two shillings each for the very worst brand. Food has gone up in price enormously since my last letter Potatoes are now 4s per lb, eggs 6s each, bacon 2s per lb and rising. Of •ourse the stories of hardship and high prices that have been related have not deterred parties from going noith. On the very dav thas the Cleveland's st-.^ry of starvation was being wired to every part of the world, a steamer 6aiied from here with a full passenger list, and yesterday the Portland again went north from Seattle with eighty miners for St Michael's. Most < f tht-se latter will stay at the m uth of the Yukon till navigation opens next spring. They will be much better off thau the people of Dawsoa City, for St Michael'?, now a city of tents, will be <:f substantial log houses before the winter closes again, and will have a greater population than Skagway. There are hundreds of torn? of provisions there, and no one will be in any dangpr of starving. More people are going to Dyea and Sksgwav. THE ALL-CAKADIAS BOUTS. The party to which the greatest interest attaches k;"t Vancouver tbi* morning on the f.teanier Princess Louise. On that boat were twenty-five of the miners who had to con e u -ack disappointed on the steamers Bristol and Kugene tast week. They a*e now going to try the Stickeen-T«sliu route, or the 11-Canadisn way of travel into the Yukon. For this route it is claimed that it can be made the most convenient, cheapest, and quickest to the Klondike. And who will make it so ? Hone other than the Canadian Pacific Railway Co.; so holders of 'Canpacs' are interested in this matter. The route by which it is proposed carry the trsfiic to the geldfi jlds will be by steamer from Vancouver to a point at the mouth of the Stiekeen river, where transhipment can be made to steamers drawing so little water that they can get up to Glenora. From Glenora it is proposed to construct a railway to Teslin Lake. Then down the Lake, up the Hoot-alingua river, to the Pelly river, and thence past Fork Selkirk to the Yukon itself steamers will convey passengers into the heart of the Klondike. Thus all the terrors of the Chilkoot and White Passes, and of the rapids further on, will be avoided, and the journey from Vancouver to Dawson City will be as pleasant as the run across Canada by the great lakes route, which only firsf-class pss^engers can take. OB the Princess Louise the C.P.R. sent np ©ne of thpir most experienced engineers, Mr E. J. Duchesnay, superintendent of the Kootenay division, who will ascertain the most feasible route to be followed Given this route, Vancouver will become the principal outlitting point fur the Klondike andl tbe Yukon. KLOVDIKB WIDOWS—TBI X&WBIT; TYPE. The Klondike excitement, has developed a type of woman, newer thiin ilie new woman,' but without her .ifrgressivpness. She is the 4 Klondike widow.' There are scores of them on the Pacific lope. Mostly she is a plucky, true little wife, waiting patiently for her husband's r< turn with Klondike nuegets. She is seen to perfection in Seattle. There some Klondike widows have given up their houses and are 4 boardivg out,' receiving ail the attention of belles, for it is n » little distinction to be a Klondike widow. Half a dozen of the most practical, and, by the way, prettiest of them have lubbed together and in one house have established a sort of Klondike widowery. A good many society dames are among the band waiting for gold and nesv dresses, as the excitement took clergymen from their pulpits, doctors from their patients, lawyers from their briefs. One clergymen is purser on a steamer ru'jning to Skagway, and there sre many other phases of Klondicitis. By tbe way this fever ha« spread even to the restaurants and the churches. Thus in Vancouver the members of the GongregAtional Church have given a Klondike supper, and here is th j menu as adv r- tieed in a loral p iper :— MENU. Grizzly Bear Steak Pie. Roast Polar B«ar, wi< h Bonanza Creek Gray y Wild Cat Steam Pudding. Lynx Chops. Reindeer Cutlets. Klsadike Standbys. with Seal Trotter*. Dyea Nuegete. Slice* of Ckilcoot Mountain. SWEETS. Arctic Circle Berry Pie. Cnowshoe Dumpling* Dawson City Flapjaclcs. Klondike Snow, with Gold Sauce. DRINKS. Wkite Horse Rapids (hot or cold). Gold Drippings. WHAT J1B1T1SH COLUMBIA OTTILL. But why all this exi-itement about Klondike when British Columbia hss gold and civilisation to offer 1 Last Sunday gold was discovered in the streets of Victoria, the political capitalof this province, and prospectors have found wealth just above Vancouver, From Nelson now comes a statement that from two tons of ore £4,400 was illed. Samples show that it is telluride ore, and the mine is in the Lardean country. Rossland mines have already shipped 50,996 tons of ore to the smelters this year, while from Kaslo, the shipments for the i|ionth of August just passed were 3.004,5lllb, of the value of £25,800. Daring six months of th's year a little narrow-gauge rail way, called the Kaslo and Slocan, has hauled out '12,845 tons of ore, of the value of l,157,545iol. Old Cariboo, too, is bring heard from once more Word has to-day reached Vancouver of a big placer find on Ghost Creek, close to the place where £700 wa9 taken out, in Bixty yards, away back in the sixties There is a great day for British Columbia coming, and though th Americans have got in on the ground floor, there is plenty of room for the English on the first floor.-Pall M≪ Gazette.' 