ITEMS OF INTEREST It ia enid in certain circles that Lady Hampden will not return to Sydney, and that sli'<.'has. formed an opinion of .Sydney society, similar to that entertained by Lady Jersey. That very proper and high-tninded Countess was "simply horrified."- ' *** Down South, tho othor. day, the solicitors on opposite side's in a most, sensational nod much-advertised case, discovered by tho merest accident that one private detective was "serving" both side?, and being paid by both, under different names. V It was ovening. Three men were killing a cat. One held the lantern, the second held tho cat, and the third jammed the pistol into the cat's ear and fired—shooting the man who held the cat in tho hand, while the holder of the lantern was wounded in the arm. The cat left when it perceived how matters stood, and that ill-feeling was being engendered. * * # Judge Docker from this date will entertain an increased hatred towards the common thief 1 and - the burglar. While he was engaged at the Forbes Quarter Sessions last week, a light fingered gentleman sneaked into the room set apart for his Honor's uso at the court and stole from tho pocket of his vest a gold watch and chain, a medal, railway pass, and some cash. ? * * An old man of 80 was brought before Werribee (Vic.) court the other day on a charge of " insulting behaviour." He had been found starving. The magistrates ordered him to be taken to hospital, but he added to his pre vious insulting behaviour by dying in court. They overlooked this second offence, Betting it down to thought lessness, and not to deliberate con tempt of the bench. Two constables carried out tho corpse. * # # While booming female missions to the Heathen Chinee, Sydney ladies might remember that in N.S.W. are numerous spots where their surplus energy might well be expended. For instance, Liverpool Asylum, where nearly a thousand hopelessly decrepit men are housed—at least 400 being in hospital. The only lad}' visitirs are the Sisters from the local convent. In Parrainutta Asylum* also are to be found a great number who rarely re ceive a kindly visit from onybody, male or female. V Some countries write thoir heroes' names in chronicles of battle and milita-y or naval achievements, while those of others are to he sought in the pa;es of early settlement. We in Australia havo no military or naval record, and the chronicles of our early settlers havo no stirring pages like those which tell of dealings of the Pilgrim Fathers of New England with the countrymen of Pocahontas. But the story of the work done .by our explorers presents onough and to spare ol those examples of unselfish public service and of high aims which are the best models for tho formation of the character of Australian youth, end not the least valuable possesions of u nation. *?* A Maclean clergyman comolains of bad coins, tin tags, buttons, etc., being placed in the collection plate. Throe reasons for this state of affairs suggest themselves:—(l) Maclean's impecuniosity ; (2) necessity for tho efforts of a missionary amongst the larrikin eloment; or (3) an endeavor by the congregation to pay the parson according to results. Probably tho advent of tho butter industry on tho Clarence is leading the population to adopt the same course of payment fur services rendered as that used to gauge the value of their produce. No man should receive more than ho actually earns. And, besides, it is dishonest trading to accept it 1 %* Melbourne suburbs havo been in fested with ghosts recently, couples out taking tho night air being par ticularly troubled. A touching talo comes from Albert Park. Two young people, wero sitting up in the moon light affording ench other encourage ment anil support, when a dreadful shape loomed up out of the shadow of an adjacent tree mid was about to grin horribly when tho young man went over the seat backwards, picked him self up, and lied through the night. Ho collcctod all his relations and called iu tho assistance of tho police, and the army wont back to the rescue of the orirl. The party approached the scene of horror very gradually and found tbo young woman nestling her curly head up against tho bosom of the spook, collected in tho spectre's arms, and quite composed. " It" was the other follow, and he retains posses sion. In the Argentine n progressive tux on bachelors was recently iin posed by legislation, but in tlio Victorian Presbyterian Church, according to tho Moderator (the lit'v. J. Steele), there 'is a tax on marriage. Tho financed of tho widows and orphans' I unci of tho Established Church of Scotland aro augmented, it soems, by a tax which is levied on every minister who commits matrimony, nr.d if ho repeats the offence ho is fined again unless ho takes tho precaution of selecting n widow who is already on the fund. In tho Free Church of Scotland, however, a man is free to inairy as often as he pleases, without lioing mulcted in cumulative fines. Tho English Presby terian Church has another variation oil the same theme, for a minister in that Church has to- pay £') to the widows and orphans' fund when lih marries, nnd he is fined n further sum if lie selects as a partner a lady more than tsevon years younger tbau himself. 