FOURTH DAY'S SITTING. MESSAGE FROM THE QUEEN. SIR R. C. BAKER CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES. INTEREST INCREASING. The fourth day's sitting; of the Federation Convention was more interesting than its pre decessors. Upon no subsequent day has the attendance beeu equal to that of the opening half-hour, but yesterday the galleries were well patronised, and nowhere more so than the ladies' and legislators'. The audiences were decidedly attentive, and the qpeaking showed an improvement. When the President, Hon. C. C. Kingston, took the Chair at 10.30 a.m. about twenty-five delegates were present. Others came in later, except Mr. Trenwith and Mr. Lyno, who are both on the sick-list. Mr. »T. T. Walker, New South Wales, gave notice of motion for return as to the indebted ness of each colony, and Dr. Quick, Victoria, as to the nature of the country to lie served by and cost of a transcontinental and branch lines to Western Australia and Queensland. After a pause of a few moments the Presi dent announced that he was in receipt from the Right Honourable the Secretary of State for the Colonies, through His Excellency the Governor, of a message from Her Majesty the Queen. [Here the members and the gallery occupants rose to their foot.] The President then read the following Royal message:— I have received Her Majesty's commands to desire you to acquaint the Federal Convention thatsuo takes special interest in their pro ceedings,and hopes that under divine guidance their labours will result in practical benoGt to Australia. I desire to add my own cordial wishes for successful result, which will con duce to dignity and strength of empire.—J. Chamberlain." At the suggestion of the President the members gave three hearty cheers for the Queen. The Hon. Sir G. Turner, Victoria, moved that the Hon. Sir R. C. Baker be appointed Chairman of Committees. The Hon. Sir E. C. Braddon, Tasmania, seconded. The" Hon. Sir R. C. Baker, South Australia, submitted himself to the Convention, but if the sittings were unduly prolonged he might hare to ask to be relieved, as he had to contest an election at the end of May. The motion was carried with cheers. At 10.40 the Hon. J. Carrutbers, New South Wales, took up the debate on Federa tion fundamentals, congratulating the cause on the fact that Sir Henry Farkes's mantle had fallen on Mr. Barton. Having dealt with the limitations of compromise, he went on to express the hope that the Premiers would return from London with extended authority in New Guinea. If they limited Federal taxa tion to Customs, they restricted the right of a majority hereafter to impose direct taxation An example in point was protectionist AmenS, which could not impose an income tax. Touching finance, the Convention wanted not so muoh the wisdom within itB membership as the best information from experts without. A Select Committee should be forthwith ap pointed to collect evidence on finance. Tne effort should be direoted to reduce and simplify governments and reduce public ex penditure. He was glad to hear that free borders was the chief object of federation. New South Wales had long desired it. But they did not want to change the venue from the Customs to the railways. It would be better to {dace them absolutely under federal control. "If you federate without federating (he railways it is like marrying a S'rl and leaving her at the Church door." e favoured another Select Committee to take evidence as to railways. States must have equal representation in the Senate, but the powers of the Senate must be restricted if taxatiou and representation were to go together. Should the smaller States have tne right to mould the finances of the larger ones? They must look to the common sense and good faith of the people to prevent deadlocks, which led him to adopt the referendum. Ho objected to the establishment of a Federal Court of Appeal to make another hurdle for litigants. If they did away with the appeal to the Privy Council they set up at great cost an inferior in place of a superior tribunal. " Our Supreme Courts can delay as well as any Courts in the world." As to the capital, Mr. Carruthers enumerated various claims of the mother colony, and mentioned that New South Wales had seniority, the key of defence, and the head of the Church of England. Many members smiled, but Mr. Peacock provoked a roar by adding " But Vic toria has the head of the Salvation Army." If they were not to have the power to secede, then the people must have ample power to amend the Constitution, otherwise civil wars might follow. At 11.23 Mr. Carruthers, who is a free and flueut speaker, concluded amidst cheers. Mr. Higgius, the democratic member for Geeloug and leader of the Equity Bar in Victoria, complained of the aimless - ness of the resolutions. Ho wanted to hear the members of the • Sydnoy Convention give their views. He criticised the wording of the resolutions, and pointed out that there should be no alteration of a territory without the consent of the Federation as _ well as the State. He objected to give the National Assembly perpetual existence. _ He applauded Sir Richard Baker for going direct to the heart of State rights. Sir Richard said, "You cannot have responsible government with responsi bility to two Houses." Sir Richard drew the corollary—"Don't have responsible govern ment." He drew the corollary—"Don't have responsibility to two Houses." He did not make a fetish of responsible govern ment, but as the people were used to it he preferred to start with it. Under responsible government a Ministry could act with greater promptitude, ami there was a loader. Sir Richard said, "The Cabinet system will lull Federation, or Federation will kill it." But Sir Richard argued in a circleFederation was only federation with equality of both Houses. _ But Sir Richard had him self pointed out that the essence of federation was a dual citizenship, not tlio accident of two Houses. If, as Sir Edward Braddon said, the government must rest on the House of Representatives, then they must refuse to the Senate the power to amend Money Bills. The time for compromise had not arrived; it wastheoccaBion forf rank expression. He opposed equal representation of States in the Senate. Delegates from smaller States appeared to think they would always be smaller. The whirligig of time might see New South Wales a sheepwalk, and Tasmania a busy hive. Mr. Solomon—But we are seeking to protect New South Wales when she becomes a sheepwalk. Mr. Higgins then quoted Brvco to show that the question of large against small States had not arisen in America. Mr. Gordon—Because of the ad justment in equal representation. Mr. Higgins—You diner from Bryce. The true protection of small States lies in the restric tion of subjects to the Federal Parliament. Forinstance, Queensland might-stipulate before entering federation that she should have leave to deal specially with the coloured labour question, Tiie small States would hold the balance of power as against tho larger. What ever might bo said against government by majority, government by minority waB worse. The dauger to States was in the proposal to leave the selection of senators to the Parlia ments, which disturbed local politics with federation issues. If he were a candidate for Nebraska he would be asked "Whioh senator will you vote for?" and upon his reply he might be returned on a ticket, State affairs being totally subordinated to foderal politics. The franchise should bo foderal, and embo died in the Constitution. He strongly sup ported womanhood suffrage; but the federal minimum Bhould be uniform manhood suf frage. A discussion as to the peculiarity of South Australian women elicited that Mr. Higgins would restrict their vote for the present to State affairs. He did not intend to commit himself upon finance, though he felt strongly on the iniquity of the proposal in the 1891 Bill. As regarded deadlocks, he opposed joint sittinge of Houses, one representing the people and tho other a class. Sir W. Zeal—But your franchise is the same for both Houses.^ Mr. Higgins—If you give the Senate special advantages it repre- . sented a minority. The hon. member, who is a powerful debater, measured in utterance and cogent in argument, sat down amidst cheers at 12.35 p.m. j Mr. B. R. Wise, New South Wales, pro- ! ceeded to demolish the previous _ speaker's argument against equal representation in the Senate. Equal representation was at least a practical necessity for federa- , tion. "One State one rote" equally as democratic as "one man one vote." After | paying a high compliment to Sir R. Baker for hie address, he yet felt compelled to allow the j predominance of the lower House in the j matter of the purse. (Sir George Turner—Would you allow the _ Senate to amend the Customs line by line?) Mr. Wise — Yes. Why should not a State bare tbe power to resist to the utmost any danger to its industry? He hoped they would not be scared by ghosts of dead con troversies, and would permit the Senate to amend Money Bills, bnt not Appro priation Bills. Suppose the Conven tion insisted upon adnlt suffrage, who could assure that each colony would carry it out? He believed that they would get a more liberal franchise in the Fedoral Parliament than in the Convention. At four minutes to 1 Mr. Wise came to deadlocks, and suggested the adjournment for lunch. In the afternoon, Mr. Wise, harking back to Mr. Higgins's argument as to State rights, pointed out that the States desired protection gainst logrolling for Ministerial purposes. Would Mr. O'Connor give the Senate power to amend a Loan Bill? (Sir George Turner— That is more important than tbe Appropria tion Act.) Mr. Wise—Undoubtedly, Because the Loan Bill might be used as an engine of oppression. Was it necessary to provide againBt deadlocks? Had they always been disadvantageous? Had they not frequently been through tlie undue exercise of power? The only way to prevent deadlocks was to create a despot. As to both Houses sitting, suppose a minority in tho House of Representatives became a majority and tho Ministry resigned, what would happen? (Sir George Turner—Go to the people.) Mr. W^se—And the same result would probably happen, leaving no solution of the problem. It would be better to run the risk of difficulty than invent unworkable meohanioal contri vances. As to taxation, if the 'Federal Government were endowed with a large pieoe of territory it would be advantageous as pro viding a steadily growing income. He suggested the handing over of a portion of Northern Australia. (Mr. Gordon—Without consideration?) Mr. WiBo—Taking over the liabilities. Suppose a discovery were made in Northern Australia, one of the colonies would overshadow the others to the danger of federa tion, while if it belonged to the Federal Govern ment as soon as population warranted it would be carved into a new State. He concurred with Mr. Carruthern that the Federal Government must take over the rail ways, because he agreed with Mr. Glynn that ■ an Interstate Commission of Management would be a failure. One colony bad already refused to give information as to railway rates. How would a Commission get it? Mr. O'Con nor—It must have power to make enquiry. Mt. Wise—Mr. Grant knew that books could be produced whioh showed a condition of things that did not exist. (Mr. Gordon— That's rough on Grant.) (Laughter.) Mr. Wise—I went on a principle. (Mr. Gordon No principle at all.) (Laughter.) Mr. Wise, in answer to the question aa to trunk lines and feeders, said experts pointed out that they could not be managed on different systems. It had been taken for granted that the post and telegraph service would be taken over. (Mr. Holder—It should not be so taken.) Mr. Higgins—The Soutli Australian postal service pays, and New South Wale3 does not. (Laughter). Mr. WisB remarked that a com mon postal servico and federal defence neces sitated a federal railway with uniform gauge. The aunual saving would be half a million a year. (Mr. Fraser—The cost of alter ing the gauge would be millions of money.) Mr. Wise—If it cost £4,000,000 it would not take many years to pay it off with the annual saving. The aliena tion of federal territory should be prohibited. Ho dwelt with satisfaction upon the preamble to the resolution " in order to enlarge the powers of self-government of the people of Australasia," which was markedly superior to the preamble of the Sydney Bill, reciting that people of Australia had decided to unite. The fatal objec tion to Mr. Glynu's proposal to utilize the services of State Judges for the Federal Court was that it would make the Federal Govern ment dependent upon the States Govern ments. (Mr. Glynn—"That tells against in ternational arbitration.") Mr. Wise did not follow the analogy. To prevent cor ruption of tho Civil Service he would provide in tho Constitution that public servants should hold office during good behaviour or until cause shown by the Executive. (Sir George Turner—To apply to a telegraph messenger; bah!) Mr. Wise, who considered the provision absolutely necessary, sat down amidst cheers at 2.45, haying fully sustained bis high reputation as a bright and clever speaker. He lias a musical voice, graceful manner, and brims over with pertinent information. The Hon. John Henry, of Tasmania, who regarded the debate as educative of public opinion, also wanted, like Mr. Higgins, to hoar the Convention members of 1891. He was op posed to experimental legislation. He regarded the crux of the question to bs finance. The initial mistake in the Bill of 1891 was touch ing the Customs revonue until there was a uniform tariff. The mistake should not be repeated. The colonies should not be inter fered with until the Federal Government levied taxes. A uniform tariff would lead to temporary hardship, and therefore the Con stitution Act should not come into force without two or three years' notice. He agreed with Mr. Wise that the Senate should be allowed to amend Money Bills, and shadowed a scheme for taking over the national debts with tho Customs. Ho opposed federalizing the railway lines and federal direct taxation with two exceptions. Mr. Henry is a plain, practical politician, who is not afraid to express his views. Beginning at 3.36, Mr. Symou occupied two hours. Though his easy delivery was taking with the visitors, Adelaide's great Q.C. , was not in his best form. Some'pointa were elaborated rather too fully, but the speech throughout was one of great ability. Contrary to former practice in tho debate, he indulged in a peroration which took him beyond the limit of the sitting, but the President permitted him to finish unchecked. As to what the smaller States might expect from the larger, he described the speeches of Messrs. Carruthers and Higgins as the bane and the speech of Mr. Wise as tho antidote. He trusted that the Convention would give the Premiersa draftof the Federal Constitution to play an important part in .the London cele brations. Mr. Symon did not claim to be a financial expert, because his profesasion could not keep money. Sir George Turner—We never get it. (Laughter.) Mr. Symon—Sir George is a brilliant exception who proves the rule. (Laughter.) The slashing leader of the South Australian Bar argued for the establishment of a Federal Court of final appeal. As to the federal franchise, he did not approve of forcing adult suffrage upon tho other colonies. He differed from Sir R. C. Baker, preferring responsible govern ment to co-equal Houses, _ but would strengthen the Senate by giving it power to amend as well as reject Money Bills. In this connection he made a strong feature of the suggestion that responsible government was absent from the American Constitution, because it was not known when it was framed. The President was fashioned like a king, an9 the Cabinet like the Privy Council. If the drafting were now, the Premier would be fashioned like the Premier. This idea tickled the fancy of delegates, who conjured up Pre miers d la Reid, Turner, Kingston, Braddon, Forrest, or all combined. Mr. Symon was not only cheered by the delegates but applauded by the public at tbeend of bis eloquent perora tion. Mr. Holder secured the adjournment of tho debate. To meet a requirement of the Standing Orders, formal leave of absence was granted to the Western Australian delegates and Mr. Trenwith. The Convention rose at 5.36 p.m. 