OUR AUSTRALIAN BOYS. It is fittiDg that a son of the soil was given the distinguished honour, in the federal elections, of the head of the poll ; and to the native born of the country that should be a source of gratification. To.ourselves it is specially gratifying, as the editor of this paper received his rudiments of education side by side with .Edmund Barton, under the old Irish National School system of Fort-street, Sydney, which system was superseded by Sir Hnnry Parkes's Public Schools Act of 1866; and, indeed, Edmund I Barton, eminent hi the public life of this colony, is a representative of a number of young Australians who, during the fifties and sixties, began to assert their claims and to forge their way in the country's political battles. Those who can look back over the past fifty year3 of Australian life have no need to feel ashamed of their fellow countrymen ; and they will find that in the records of the Federal Convention they will take no mean part Bide by side with the master minds of that body who have hailed from England, 'Scotland, Ireland, and Wales. To the Convention of '91 among the seven representatives of New South Wales we sent four native born Australians, Sir J. P. Abbott, Sir George Dibbs, the Hon. Edmond Barton, and the Hon, W. H. Suttor, who there dis tinguiehed themselves with their fellow Australians — Kingston of South Aus tralia, Ponaldson of Queensland, Clark and Brown of Tasmania, and the brothers Forrest, one of them the Premier of Western Australia, a position which he still holds. Our delegates in '91 were in fact all men trained in the political life of this colony, Sir Henry Parkes — acknowledged as the Saul among Israelites in Australia — came to this colony at a very early period in its history (1889), before either he or it had any political vitality, even though he was one of the Chartists of the old country. There were two Irishmen among our seven delegates in '9t — Sir Patrick Jennings, of Newry, and Mr. W. McMillan, a 'Derry boy. Irishmen are notorious in the colonies for finding their way into public positions, from those of policemen to premiers ; and, notwith standing that they are mistrusted by England, it must be acknowledged that in the roll of famous men in Australia a few Irishmen of greet calibre might be mentioned : but it 38 remarkable, as an exceptional circumstance, that Irishmen have not been many or very prominent in the government of New South Wales, and we can name only one that ever held office here as Premier, Sir P. A. Jennings. Scotchmen and a few Englishmen have been conspicuous among our public men; and in two instances — thosj of Childers and Lowe — they returned to England and became prominent members in the House of Commons and in the Govern ments of Great Britain. The absolute fact is that our Australian boys have done a large share of public work in the development of this country : and their names must strike the minds of readers as worthy to be enrolled among the best and ablest of Australian public men. It was a son of the soil who drafted the constitution under which Australia has been governed since responsible govern ment was granted to this and the other colonies of the time, and his name cer tainly deserves to be mentioned as the first in the rank of our Australian boys — William Charles Wentworth. True, he was not such a tyye of democrat as would be popular to-day. But he was the first to' ever advocate Australian feder ation ; and his great services, to the country may be acknowledged without our committing ourselves to the approval of his highly conservative ideas. In his tjmp fjiere were other young, intellectual giants, with counter .balancing notions, and these were ably led by Henry Parkes, then a vigorous fig!iter. Among the early young Australians of genuis ap$ p&triotisui; may be mentioned Charles CWper, pur seppnd premier, son of the Yen, Archdeapon Qowper, the honoured head of the English Church in this polony ; {[$raes Martin, who, like the Scotchman, -ae almost a native; W^lljan} Forster, who landed in his' young gphooj dP-ys, $ BBti?9 Qf Wftdras j JohnitQbertsQD, who was a Scotchman of four summers when he became an Australian ; William Bede Dalley, acknowledged to have been the most gifted of all and a brilliant orator, who in his early days was one of our cleverest critics and caricaturists, the author of the famous ' Kiama Ghost ;' and such men as Sir George Dibbs and Edmond Barton, The last named is still with us in public life, though temporarily out of Parliament; and he has justly been honoured with the largest vote that has ever been given to any candidate in Australia. He stands to-dsy as the leader of a young generation of Australian boys who will make their mark in national history ; his natural place will be at the head of our own delegates at least, It is interesting to know that the ten delegates of this colony are nearly all Australian born and all are Australian reared men in politics, if we except Mr, J. T Walker, who has yet to make his reputation in the political arena, having been suddenly brought into political life by the Bathurst Federal Convention. Glanc ing back over the work .of our boys in the first century of this country's history, we must feel encouraged and confident that the foundation to be laid by their hands for the future develop ment of Australia will be a broad and enduring one. 