AN EXTRAORDINARY CASE. A Ghost Baffling Two Constables ' [Br TEi.EonAPH.J '?'."'-'. Sydney, Friday. An extraordinary nd venture beFel Constable Harlnnd aud a super uuuierary Couatablo early this inoru ing. Hurlaiid and hie mate wore pat- rolling' alone Clisdell-street, Straw berry Hills. There is an unteuanted house on the cornor of Diuvsoir and Cliedell-streots, formerly occupied as a. hotel. The police usually give strict Attention to empty houses, to prevent tho fittings from-being stolen. Harlaud was jusb in the act of point ing out the premises to his mate, wbom he was showing round'the beat, when the pair descried something black sitting ou the doorstep. At first sight it looked like a houseless vagrant nslhep. Tho officers approached, and Harland stretched out his hand to grasp the bundle, when it rose up gently before the as tonished policemen and . vanished through the thick door. Determined to solve the mystery they, started round tbe back to explore.- An en trance was effected to the deserted house by a back door, and the officers drawing theirbatons.startedtodiscover the whereabout" of the ghostly in truder. A match was struck, aud by the glimmering light they groped forward to the stairs. Right iu front of them, sitting on the stairs, wholly unconcerned, was the apparition they hnd before seen disappearing through the doorway. Both officers went for the ghost with their batons, but at that critical moment it vanished beforo thoir eyes, and flitted into one of tho apartmentu on tho first floor. For; about-a quarcor of an hour the police' kept up the chase, but only with iu iliffcrent success—now from one room' to another, then downstairs, back again—in fact, all over the house the unearthly marauder sped, with the, officers very close behind, without, howevor, getting to close quarters. Disheartened and discouraged, they returned downstairs, leaving the ghost as thoy imaginod going through some acrobatic gyrations in one of tho up stairs rooms. Intent upon, looking round, however, they saw the ghostly visitoi following in- their wake, and becoming scared 'they took Jto '??' their heels. The ' officers - describe the apparition as being of a most extra ordinary appearanco; it had a pair of flappers like a seal—the upper part towards where the head ought to be was enveloped with what looked ;like bags. 