AN. EXTRAORDINARY ADVEN TURE OF THE OLDEN TIME. . In the autumn of 1798 a foreign gentlelman passed through Schliengen, a very pretty place, but when crossing the hill to reach this, village, and while journeying on foot he narrated to a native the following adventure he had experienced. Six months previously, he said, he had occasion to travel in Den mark. One evening he arrived late ;at a certain village, where an elegant castle stood on a neighboring hill. The landlord of the village inn told him it was impossible to pro vide him with bedroom accommodation as his house was quite full, there being three sheriff officers in the house, as a criminal was to be hanged on the following day. On hearing this the gentleman said-"I will go to the castle, the owner will be sure to give me a bed." The landlord replied, " Many a fine empty bed is yonder, splendidly hung with' silk curtains, and I have the keys in keeping in the absence of the master, who, with his family, is abroad ; but assuredly I would rather you did not go, for the place is haunted. The owner and his servants were obliged to leave it on that account, and any one who goes there once won't try the ex periment a second time. The gentleman, however, made light of what was said, and replied that lie did not believe in ghosts, and would pay the castle a visit. The landlord again remonstrated but in vain against his foolhardiriess, and so;gave him the keys. Accompanied by his servant, the foreigner went to the castle. He did,not take off his clothes, however, neither did lie try to sleep, but waited to see what would turn up. He placed two lights on the table ' and a pair of loaded pistols before,, him,, and to pass the time began to read "The Rhine-, lander Housefriend." He waited for long, but there was no sign of a ghost appealing. At length, as the kirk clock struck twelve,' a. thunder cloud passed over the castle, [ and large rain drops struck the window panes-; .then three loud knocks at the door were heard, and in walked a frightful apparition with large black squinting eyes, a nose about a foot and a half long, awful teeth, and a shaggy beard reaching to the knees. The spectre roared out in a frightful voice-" T am Beelzebub, the Prince of Darkness.' You are welcome to my palace ; but have you before leaving home bade farewell to :yx>ur wife and children ? " The foreign gentleman felt a cold sweat ooze out all over him when-lie heard this; and as for his servant, no words could de scribe his terrified state .of. mind. When, however, the form began to advance with dreadful grimaces into the glare of the bright light, the traveller bravely stood up and pre senting a pistol at the monster,' said-"Ad vance not a step further or IU1 shoot you." Ghosts are not usually frightened by such threats, for something generally goes wrong with the pistol-either it is a " flash in the pan," or the ball rebounds to the shooters. In this case the ghost raised his forefinger in a threatening manner, and retreated slowly. "When the foreigner saw that Satan had some respect for gunpowder, he thought-all danger was over, and took a light and fol lowed the apparition, who was slowly strut ting down a passage. Meantime the servant ran past his master like .-v madman, mutter ing that lie would prefer-to sleep with the hangman overnight rather than remain, a moment longer in the castle. Once in the passage, the ghost turned round, and looked at the daring gentleman, and then suddenly disappeared. j ? . The foreigner then advanced about a couple of; steps to try and find out what becaine of his extraordinary visitor, when suddenly lie felt the ground moving from under his feet, and before he could spring back he fell through the floor into a dungeon below, where the glare of fire met his" eyes, and where he now believed he was a lost man. He had fallen about ten feet, and landed, however, on a heap of hay. When he pulled his senses together he found ho had received no physical injury. In this subter ranean chamber he saw six remarkable look ing fellows standing around a fire; among whom he discovered his ghostly visitant. Around were a variety of curiously con structed tools, and on two* tables lay a great heap of glittering coins. The foreigner mentally took note of all this and came to the conclusion that he was among a gang of forgers - ordinary mortals like himself. Taking advantage of the absence of the owner of the castle, they had apparently set up an ap'; paratus for the manufacture of base money, as they imagined themselves there secure from arrestment. - They had also spread the report the place was'haunted, and that none eared to have a repetition of what they had seen and heard there. The traveller, however, by this time'repented that he did" not take the landlord's, friendly advice given the previous evening, and not ventured there at all. Shortly after they discovered him, the coiners pushed him down into another dark narrow dungeon, from which he could hear that they were holding a court-martial over him, and were deciding that the bestthing they could do was to kill him. One of the party, however, suggested that they ought to hear first what he had to say for himself,' and learn who he was.and what was his business. When they heard that he was a foreign gentleman and on a special mission to the Court ot Copenhagen, they were somewhat stunned, and said, " The case is serious. If the landlord of the inn reports' that he went to the castle and never . returned, the authorities will send the hussars, who-will drag us out, and hemp is plentiful this year, and a bit of rope won't cost'much !" So they agreed to pardon their prisoner, but bound him by a:solemn oath not to reveal anything he had seen, telling him that a watch ' would" be set on his movements in Copenhagen, and he must tell them wherehe usually lived. ' He replied-" Next door to the signboard of "The Wildman "-the big house with the green shutters." Tliereaftef'they regaled him with wine Qf Burgundy, and then they set to business until the sound of the herd boy's horn told it was daylight. The foreigner afterwards took his leave and thanked them'for their; hospi tality, and with a joyful heart set out for the village inn, entirely forgetful of his watch,, tobacco, pipe and pistols. " Preserve us all!" said the landlord. "Is it you back again ? I am perfectly astonished. I didn't close an eye all night thinking over your fate. How did it fare with you ?" The traveller, however, thought on the sacredness of the oath that saved his life, and remained silent. Shortly after the clock struck the hour for the execution of the con demned criminal, and everybody rushed to the scaffold, while he took his departure from the place. When he got to Copenhagen he kept the same secrecy, and was beginning to forget all about his adventure, when one day he received a small box by the mail coach. Enclosed were a brace of new pistols beautifully inlaid with silver, a new gold watcli set with diamonds, a Turkish tobacco pipe with a gold chain attached, a tobacco pouch with gold mounting, and a brief note, which read " We send you this to make up for your loss when here and for your silence. All danger is now past, and you may divulge the matter whenever you like." The gentleman said that a better timekeeper than the watch was never made, that it showed if correct time was indicated when the noon-day bell tolled at Hertingen. It was the same watch that afterwards a French Marshal in the " Stork Hotel," at Basle offered him seventy-fiveguineasfor ill Spanish gold ; but he declined to part with it even lor this large sum of money. A NEW METHOD FOR BAILING SUNKEN VESSELS.-Every now and then wo hear of a new invention fcr the raising of sunken , wrecks, though, strangely enough, news of the successful working of such .seldom reaches us. Tiie last scheme hails from Bordeaux. The apparatus consists of a number of water proof cylinders, which connect witli a power ful air puuip carried in the stem of a tug. A diver opens all the hatches of the submerged ship and patches any holes elsewhere with canvas as '.roll as possible. He then binds the air-tight cylinders with chains along the keel on either side. As they fill with aii, under the influence of the powerful pressure from above, they exert an irresistible lifting power 011 tiie hull. Gradually the vessel is inverted. Meantime air has been forced through the large mai:i pipes, which had first been, made fast inside the hull, and the water is gradually forced out. As the air pressure continues the hull rises to the sur face. 