COMPLETE BTOKY. \ {[PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL AlULiNClEIXENT. j MYSTERY OF THE SEA, SYDNEY CURTIS, Author of " Stainborough Stories," " The JIarsden Mayoralty," £.o. [cornuarrr.] ' One .Christmas- Eve, some years ago, I found myself in tfto company of a few sea faring; men at the "Zuy dor Zee" hotel in Liverpool. Like thousands of other people, tailors are fond of being at home for Christ . taos, and although it is seldom many of us . can-foregather at that jovial, season, a few . -who can, make a point of meeting at the hostelry. named, and exchanging yarns over our pipes and grog. On this particular night wo had been • promised a tnlo of "A Ghost at Sea," by . Tom Bracebridge, once mate, but .now cap tain, of the Suuey Polly. It related tno \- details of an incident that had happened -years ago, and I was anxious that our friends \- should hear it from Tom's own lips. "Now Tom," I said, when wo had got our . glasses charged and .pipes lighted,- "heave . anchor and let's have that yarn of yours. -And," addressing the company, " mates all, . I ask ye for silence while Tom reels it off."* .-"Well, mates," replied Tom, ."it isn't lies _ 'at I'm going to tell ye, not it. Every word i of it is as true as gospel. And if I cannot make out a reason why for it, and for that matter, I'm bold to say no man here can, all I'm going to tell yo happened just as I tell ' it." Tom took a pull at his grog, and I couldn't help thinking that his jolly re<L face went r -hit pole us he did so. Then he began bis yarn. • "It's alongish bit since now, and I was •. mate of the. Sauoy Polly/ sailing from this i port. She's a barque as yo.know," owned, \- . and them sailed; by old James Graham of \- Garston, and as taut a craft as ever crossed Mersey Bar. "We were New York bound, . with a lightish cargo, but expected to be \- heavy laden back, for trade from America -.was .wonderful good then, and freights ran •■..higher than they do now, more's the pity. \- Hut that does not matter to my yarn. • ••«*." Well, a few days before sailing, there'd •-.been a bit of a- bother between me and my •(wife. ' I'd been wedded to her about 18 ^'months, and at - Bea nearly all the time, and as I was rather of a jealous^ turn; I expect I • said things to Susie, that; vexed her sorely, -.and made her miserable.- Not as I'd any call \- to do it, for a honester woman never drawed •.breath; but I wos'.that fondof her thati couldn't abidoa man to look at her, or for . her. to look at. a man, and.I expect being . • away so much put bad fancies into my head. i Anyway, there'd been a hit of, a bother, qnd .•when it came ,timo to. go aboard .we. hadn't xnado it up, and I'm shamed to say we didn't part as husband and wife should. Mebbe wo • ♦-wu8 • both to .blame, but I'm darned- sure I was, and I sturted that voyage with a heavy | heart, which.I needn't have- done, and— , mates all, mark my words—I paid for it ». dear.-, v: . • . - N • . V Wo had fairish weather running np • channel, and. what with clearing away deck .hamper uud getting cargo in trim, I hadn't , much time to think abont Susie, but my heart ' was heavy, and never a spare moment passed when her poor, sad face was not before me, ' and I actually cried till I had to tell a lie about a awful cold I'd got in my head." \- Tom's vision seemed to get blurred here, and lie used his liunderchief 'suspiciously. ' Then lie proceeded: , . "Well, fine weather ap channel was •• fohowed by nor'-east gales when we got into tho Atlantic, and we liadn't beon at sea a week when a tremendous storm buret upon us that lasted threo days. Frightful heavy seas, terrific blasts of wind, blinding snow storms, . and a - strange darkness .made .our lives a \- misery, and it was all wo could do to keep the ! ship anything like, for to mako things worse for us, our cargo partly got loose and shifted. It was a tough job to keep her on her courso, for the fury of tho storm seemed to come from all quarters. Two of our crew were disabled . hy. being, blown from the rigging. If the • Saucy Polly'hadn't been a rare good craft nothing could have saved her from being Hivamped, for big seas continually swept her docks, and she reeled and shivered like a live thin^f in torment. There was very little.deep for anybody through tho tempest, but I was not so sorry for that as some o'h board; I never got a wink o' sleep without dreams, and in my dreams I was always seeing my wife, her face full of a great terror, and her right hand pointing easterly. But of ,uttered words there were . nono. . It was a strange. oft-repeated experienced of Susio as.I had last seen her, with the warning gesture of tho hand added. And it earao so often, and stayed, or seemed to stay so long, that I got to expect it when over I turned(in. " It was just at tho end of the storm that tho strange thing happened I want to tell you . about. . One. day ola Captain Graham sent . mo down .-below to tako tho.ilog,. saying ho would follow; so I went, and when I had entered it I shouted to him, expeoting he wn . in his cabin, latitudoso and so, longitude s mid so; does that agree with yon, enp'n? . ButI gpt no answer.. I shouted again, think . iug ho hadn't heard mo, but still there was no reply. So I just turned round to look into his cahin beforo going on deck, and tliero I saw something that froze my blood. "A -woman was standing by the locker that ran alongside the cabin table, dressed like my wife. She was pointing eastward, ns I had seen her in my drcums, and when I got inside the cabin doorway she turned partly round, and in tones 1 could not mistake, ex claimed : 4 Steer to the cast—ship sinking.* '' It was Susie. I just remembered what followed. I took a step forward, saying, 4 Why, Susie, lass, how came you here?' when what had been her hccamo a sort of mist under the ringing cabin lamp that slowly cleared away, and there was the locker in its usual condition. Susie had gone. "Well, ye may guess what I felt like if ye can. Of all the queer starts I ever had in my life, this was tho very queerest. I rubbed my eyes and hammered myself to bs sure I was awake and it wasn't a dream, but 1 was awake right enough, and what I'd seen and hoard was real onough to me. A notion that Susie was dead, and that I'd seen her spirit— that I had killed her with my winked fancies and cruel words—took hold of me, and I shuddered and shook'with fear. "I don't mind confessing, mates, that I fell on my knees for a minute and prayed tho good Lord to forgive my sins, and most of all, thein against tho woman I really loved better than all the world besides. Of course, it wouldn't do to stop there long. There wus plenty to do on deck, and as Cap'n Graham hadn't come below I went up. ! felt dazed like and ashamed, and as if I didn't want to speak about what I'd seen and beurd to nobody. But it wasn't any use. As soon as the skipper saw me he nays. . 1 *■ 4 Why, Tom, lad, what cheer ? * Ye look as if ye'd seen a ghost. Are ye badly?' '4 Badly I aw, sir,' I replied. 4 Why, what's up ?' says he. Ye're all of a tremble. Get a drop ot grog into ye, man. Bit of ague, raebbe.' 44 But I knew it was no ague, and after a bit I considered I'd best tell him all. ' 441 asked him to step below so that nobody shonld hear what I'd got to say, for ye all know what queer chaps sailors is about ghosts, and if they'd got to know anything, well, there's no telling what might have 1 Wo wont below into the skipper's cabin, and a cold shudder passed through me as I sat down in; the spot where I'd seen Susie. Then I told him all just as I've told you. Yo'll be thinking ho didn't believo it. Well, ho didn't right oS, Ho laughed a lot, and said I must bo out o' sorts, nud had been thinking too rauoh about Susie, and I'd Le better if I took a dose of medicine aud turned in. But he didn't convince rael I know I had both, seen her and heard her voice. If my life had been at stake I must have said that, and I repeated it bo often, and lie saw I. was e, that at last .Captain Graham began to waver. " . "He was dumbfounded. He sat down, and seemed lost in thought.. Ye see lie was a bit of a sceptic, I think ye call it, and he wasn't going to give, in all at once. But after looking, haru ar me again and again, what some folks coll a sailor's superstition got tko best of him, and he said:— "i "Well, it's queer ; but I thiuk we'll have to bottom. this. . Change her. course, Tom. Steer to the east.' "I obeyed orders at once, and as night was coming on, witli a beautiful moon shin ing in a clear sky, I was gladdened before I turned in, to seo tbafc wo were making good headway on our new course. ."Now yo'll be considering that I didn't sleep much when I went below. I didn't; but what sleep I had was not broken by dreams-as it had been. In . ray wakeful moments I thought ot all that had occurred at ray wife's mother's home in Liverpool before I left, and each time that I awoke, which was often, I fancied I could seo Susie's face with a smile of welcome on it, such as • I had been delighted by many n time. -The old terror, even .what I had seen in the daslf of the past evening, was gone, and a restful, hopeful feel ing hud- succeeded it. "And yet I was glad when the timo came to . go on deck again. It was a pleasant change from a dark, close cabin. The moon was now 011 the wane, but the stars still twinkled merrily, and as the gallant ship sailed on bravely under a press of canvas, the breeze seemed to fill the air with music, and running through all I could hear the voice of Susie. She was not only in the ship's music in the still early morning, she was all around mo—in the stars, the waning moon, the glittering wavelets. I felt that she hovered about me, an invisiblo presence, but still tliere, and my spirits were exhilarated as the night | gavo place to the day, and the sun rojo in the ! far east. "it was about II a.m. when Graham Jina begun to hint that wo wero on a foolish cruise, that tho look-out aloft startled us by shouting ' sail-ho!' and being asked 4 where away,' directed our attention to a speck a long way off. The cap'n applied his glass, and after what seemed a long interval, said that • sure enough, * about three miles from us, there was what looked like a water-logged craft, with her masts gone, and a distress signal flying from her jib. As wo got nearer it was evident those on board saw us, for they began showing all sorts of signs of distress in an excited manner. Of course wo v.*ere soon' standing by, and sent off a boat to the dis tressed ship, which'wo found was tho Leander,. of Liverpool, outward bound for Now York. Her cap'n's name was Stmher. Ho sits there," said Tom, pointing to thnt worthy, 44 and can confirm overy word I say. 4 4 It didn't take long for our boat to go and return, and as sbecarao alongside I'could see from where I stood steering that sho had two females aboard besides a few of tho Lcnnder's crew. The skipper went aft and helped the females aboard, and tho boat returned to the sinking ship to take off the others, and the cap'n, who was last to leave. This was soon done; if it hadn't been every soul would have perished, for before this second trip was finished the Bounder gave a larch to starboard and sank. It was a close shave, and it set ua "on board the Saucy Polly. thinking for a b'fc. "Presently the skipper came to me, bring ing Cap'n Strnker with him, and both look ing very serious like. -I looked hard at them, and ye'll fancy how anxious I was to get news,'but I knew Graham wonld tell me in his own time, so I waited. Straker there <pokc firsthand asked me if I didn't remember him. Cut at first I didn't, and I said so. He then said, 'Why I was at Mrs. Roberta's (my wife's mother's) whenyc were spliced. And §o was my wife; that's her that's come nhnririV' Srimnt.hino' ltlrr* fi lnmn Mme in mv aboard.' Something like a lump came i throat before I -ould speak, and then I couldu't hold no longer. 'And that other female, sir; who is she?' But Cap'n Graham took the answer out of his mouth, seeing how excited I was. ' Steady, steady, Tom,' says he,' Ye'll soon know ail. Just step down into my cabin and we'll come to ye in a bit.' In that kind way did good old Graham break his news to me, and answer the question I'd asked Cap'n Straker. "I was off like a shot, and in less time than ye'd think I found myself in that cabin with my own dear wife in my arms and on my b east, and both of us crying for joy fit to break our hearts. .' Oh, ray darling,. my darling,' was all I could say at first, and I hugged her and kissed her and held her off to look at her and be sure it was her and -not a deception like that other, uutil ye'd have thought I was fair mad. And all the time, good, stout, motherly Mrs. Straker might not have been there at all for all the notice we took of her; hut after a bit I looked round, and then I saw her. And the kind soul was laughing and crying at the same time, and could only say between her sobs—she /wus that stout, ye see—Never—mind—me— honies—never—mind—me. I'm—only— had—for joy.' And off she went again. • vkwa: * felt a bit awk ward, ye know, but nothing and nobody mattered much just then to me and Susie. She was there—my Susie—it was no ghost ttus time, and. if Queen Victoria had been present I couldn't have behaved different. "In a few minutes Graham and Straker came below and we got settled a bit. Cap'n Graham got.quite lively, what with his joy at the rescue and the wonderful way it had been brought about. He didn't forget the crews of the two ships either, but gave them a good allowance of grog, and Straker there, being a Methodist, volunteered a thanks giving prayer on deck, and it was as solemn a time as I ever knew. In all that crowd of rough chaps there wasn't a dry eye nor a rebellious heart just then. "When this eventful day ended we had a quiet talk about what had led us so far east, but wo could make nothing of it more than I've told you, only that when I dreamt about Susie, and especially when I thought I saw her, she'd been very ill and delirious and had constantly called for me; until the morning before, when she had slept and had dreamed she was with* me, and that the Leander's crow and officers wet a all saved. We puzzled our brains about the mystery till wo got to New York, and then gave it up, as everybody has done ever since. 11 What brought Susie aboard the Leandcr. Well, as I*ve told ve, wo hadn't parted friendly when I left, her, and the poor lass took it to heart and told her mother's friend, Mrs. Straker. Mrs. Straker was going out to New York with her husband, and asked Susie to go with her for company, which she was glad to do, for she had a cousin there she meant to settle with if she couldn't livo happy with me. The poor lass couldn't live without honest, true love—no moro can any of us when we're in our right senses. So ye see, foolish and wicked as I had been, we were mercifully brought together again. Susie saw her cousin, but as for settling there—what do you think ? Not over likely. Sho's with me still, God bo thanked, and we'll just drink her health, and a happy Christmas to everybody before parting. I've jawed a bit too long. 'Here, waiter." As Tom told his stor.v, our mates listened to him with open mouths and palpable 'sensations of awe. When he concluded, Straker emphatically confirmed what he had said about the Leander and the rescue, and all of us felt that there wero more things in heaveu and earth than were dreamt of in our philosophy. And so wo left this mystery of the sea unexplained, and by our poor wits, inexplicable. 