OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] J September 16. The Fe 'eral Convention truce still dominates our political situation, and we are existing in a state of suspended animation. The suspension is very actual, and so also is the animation, waiting to bubble over into vigorous activity just so soon as the Premier will return and formally give up the political ghost. This can- not now be long delayed, and with the gathering in of the ends and the dissolution by effluxion of time comes the ministerial manifesto for the approaching cam planned the shock of conflict as represented by a general election. Already the hustings chestnuts are flying about, some of them of such remote antiquity that they can hardly flip a wing, and thus we have the candidate who, being asked to define his position with respect to the decalogue by an influential elector whom he knew to be strongly opposed to the stock tax, gasped out, in the ignorance which confused one with the other, "I would vote for its unconditional repeal." But it is a true bill about the retort which bowled over Mr. Urban Shentpershect. He is known to have many mortgages in the electorate he is canvassing, and, indeed, he rests his hopes of return upon the expected good offices of his debtors. " Gentlemen," said he, if you do me the honour to elect me, you may depend upon my looking sharply after your interest. Yes, our compound interest," interjected a sarcastic voice, and the candidate subsided under the outburst of uproarious laughter the sally provoked. Another happy interjection was that which greeted a remark from Mr. Best, the Commissioner of Customs, at his Fitzroy meeting last night. Mr. Best is a high tariff man, and when he assured his constituents that "You have had the best of my service and duty, there came the past response, " Yes, your 40 per cent duty." Mr. Ben Tillett left us for Sydney yesterday, but up to the last the feeling against this very self-assertive gentleman, provoked by the South Melbourne incident and his subsequent intemperate speeches, was still strongly operative, and the many manifesta- tions of it have made but the more plainly manifest what an awful bog be walked into. Letters and messages have poured in on Mr Shoppee, Mayor of Ballarat, approving and applauding his action. Dr. Moore, the R.U. Bishop of the diocese, has waited on him to tender him his congratulations, and Mayor Pardy, of Ballarat East, who ran away to Melbourne rather than keep his promise to receive Mr. 'I Allen and preside at his meeting, is realising what a mistake he made in not boldly backing up his Civic brother. Hav- ing got his hand in on Mr. Tillett, Mayor Shoppee has since gone for the scalp of Mr. W. 'Hurdsfield, secretary to the local Trades and Labour Council, who was Mr. Tillett's cicerone on his visit to Ballarat, and whom the Mayor also denounces as disloyal, and doubly so, because he is a magistrate sworn to respect and maintain the Queen's authority. Mr. Hurdefield contents himself with calling Mr. Shoppee a Munchoueen. On his appearance on the Ballarat Stock Exchange after his decisive stand, Mayor Shoppee received quite an ovation from the memoirs. He was cheered to the echo, and the demonstration ended in the whole of the members enthusiastically singing the National Anthem. Mr. Tillett followed his first incendiary lecture in Melbourne by two others, "On the influence of environment upon character," and What to do with Australia." His mut lecture has brought the Rev. James Gibson down upon him with a reply entitled Socialistic firebrands;" his second serves to indicate how singularly unhappy the lecturer was in the environment which influenced his character, and his third how absolutely ignorant he is of the effects actually produced by fire socialistic forces over to Whichello! would have us deliver Australia, Yet the experiment has been tried. It was tried by cranks like Mr. Tillett in the Paraguayan New Australia, and it is the abiding law of Tonga, the result being the same in both cases, stagnation for the native, retrogression for the white man, and a hopeless future for both. By the way, having inveighed so much against property was robbery, Mr. Tillett wound up by accepting a purse of sovereigns! in the men for whom he has done absolutely nothing of benefit. While I am speaking of Labour leaders I may mention that Mr. Prendergast, M.L.A., is again before the public, and will be before the Police Court on Monday, became he stubbornly refused to " move on," and found that a constable would stand lees nonsense than a Chairman of Committees. Therefore, as did the Launceston constable your aforetime Minister of Laude, Robertua " ran him in," and now, to complete the parallel, I fully expect that a sympathetic Bench will let him off. Touching Benches, Mr. Lormer, J.P., has received his quietus from the Full Court, which has decided, became of his teetotal bias, that he may not sit in licensing cases, and the case wherein a conviction was recorded has been remitted to the Lower Court for a remark n. This is a great score for David Gaunson, and very sharp reverse for the teetotal party. While I am on this subject let me revert to the opinion I recently advanced to direct contradiction of our late visitor the Rev Mr. Izett, that our people are not intemperate. In confirmation I quote the following sentence from the address delivered by Bishop Goe at a social gathering of the Church of England Temperance society. Said His Lordship :-" In connection with the (Diamond Jubilee cele- orations in Melbourne I was struck with the intense enthusiasm and loyalty of the people, but what most impressed me was that on one of the evenings when then were the largest crowds in the city, and when I walked up and down the remains thoroughfares I did not see a single drunken man or drunken woman among the writer multitude." Are you listening, Mr. Izatt ? This how evi- suggests the narration of a little incident which recently came under my personal observation. There is a wine shop in Bourke-street, the very pink of pro rriety and respectability, where a curtain knot of city men meet daily for a single glass and a quiet which after lu.ncni.-oii. It is in the vicinity of the theatres, and the proprietress is her own waitress. Here one day last week two fair damsels, well and fashionably dressed, entered, and, seating themselves at one of the small marble tables, called for two glasses of white hermitage. The old stagers smiled and looked at each other, for white hermitage can scarcely be regarded as a lady's wine. But they said nothing, and while the wine was en route, Flossie produced a silver cigarette case and offered one to Lottie, who took it nothing loth, and when the proprietress returned she elevated her eyebrows on finding her lady customers each blowing a fragrant cloud. Noticing her look of astonishment, and the covert glances of amazement shot at them by the old brigade, Flossy passed her cigarette between her fingers and airily inquired " Do you object to us smoking here?" There was a pause of embarrassment for a moment as the proprietress looked from the smoking men to the smoking women, and then her sense of common justice decided the question as she answered " Oh, I suppose not-if it doesn't make you sick." And these cigarette-consuming hermitage drinkers visit that wine shop no more. The musical loving portion of the community is looking forward with interest to Saturday, the 25th, when the Tasmanian nightingale, Amy Sherwin, gives her first concert at the Town-hall. She is to be assisted by Barton McGuckin (tenor), Arthur Deane (baritone), Alberto Zelman (violinist), and a Polish pianist, with the unpronounceable name of Sz;zepanowaki. Never mind ; the influenza is pretty prevalent, and we shall get some- where near the pronunciation pretty often without half trying, By the way, I notice that Madame Sherwin is already appropriated as "The Australian Nightingale"; another gross injustice to Tasmania. Edward Sass, so well and favourably known in Australia as a talented and capable actor, is at the present at the Gaiety Theatre, Strand, W.C., and he has sent me a copy of the following song, which he has written under his old nom de plume of Hugh Moore. It caught on hugely while the colonial boys were in London. It is now in the hands of the publishers, the music being by Mr. John Crook, THE COLONIAL BOYS. Line the roads, Englishmen, and give the lads a cheer. Hats in air, heart and voice let the brave boys hear Stalwart brothers of ours are they, from lands beyond the sea Hours to our own Heritage of Police at Victory. Brave and true their mothers were, stout and strong their sires : Britain's pluck and Britain's blood, yeomen from the Shires. And now from North, South, East, and West, then come to show us all The sort of lads who've ready at the little Mother's call. Then welcome all, Colonial Boys, To your Motherland ; You are ours and we are youre, With you, heart and hand ; Partners in our Liberty, Shares In our joys ; Welcome, welcome all of you. Bravo Colonial Boys, Proud are W6, Colonial Boys, to wring your honest hands ; it is through you, and such as you, our noble Empire stands : What we've had to do with swords, you've done with pick and plough. Great Britain's proudest boast is that she's ? Greater Britain now. For well we know, with Britain's Red and Britain's Black and Brown That Britain's dear Red, White and Blue will keep her old renown. So take of all our best, dear lads, see all we have to of how. And it's we'll be downright sorry on the day you have to go. Then welcome all. Colonial Boys, To your Motherland ; You are ours and we are yours, With you, heart and hand ; Partners in our Liberty, Shares in our joys ; Welcome, welcome all of you. Bravo, Colonial Boys. Fare you well, Colonial Boys speed across the Pond ; Take our loving message to your sunny homes beyond. Tell them that we're proud of you proud of all your kin Tell them you bring back with you the hearts you came to win ! Luck to you. Colonial Boys, wherever you may be, We know you love the Empire of the happy and the free ; And while we have such lads as you, the Flag can never fall ; So don't forget to tell your folk Great Britain loves them all. So fare you well, Colonial Boys, Cries your Motherland ; You are ours, and we are yours, With you, heart and band ; Partners in our liberty. Shares in our joys ; Take our blessing home with you, Bravo ColoiilalBoys. 