THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our representative made bis way to the humble home of Air. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year-old baby , nnd his face declared hint to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up nnd about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the liiltiAD U1 it Ul Iblvill illUvdd| ItllU it iUtl UL pnin, it was very clear that ho was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, lie said : " You want to know all about my case I Well, I am glad of au opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken ns I was." " How long were you suffeiing ?" " Well, twelve mouths ngo I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ngo, next Christmas, I met with an acci dent ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-strect, Sydney. Since the acci dent I have been in failing lienltb, and after four years of gradual development of the malndy, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just- about as much ns I could bear. They woro for all tlie world like as if a saw wore cutting my bones in two in every part of mu. 1 lind no control over my bowels -or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself und everyone else. I was incessantly shivering nnd shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd Alarcli last I saw a well-known doctor, and be told mo that my ease wns utterly hopeless. However, be gnve me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of tho order J" " No ; I came home nnd wont to bed, and have been pretty well in bod over Bince. Five weeks ngo I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, aud only a question oE days when I would give up tlie ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all lie could, by opium and morphia pills, to case the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to ilie conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of tho spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, nnd difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary move ments. He told mo that 1 might last for ten years, and that I might' never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just ns a drowning man will grnsp nt a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by tlie advertise ment describing the cure effected in tho ease of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in tho " Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for. Palo People. 1 rend in tlie advertisement of a enso which seemed to lit my own. I determined to give tlie Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. Tbe effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I wns able to cat and sleep ns though nothing avns the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I imme diately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during tlie past four weeks, aud am now taking tbe fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor nnd vitality. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use tliem, and now I don't want thorn. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You sec I am rapidly regaining my strength." " He is 100 per cent, better," said Airs. Jarvis, who lind come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Pink Pilis have saved liis life, anil made another man of him." A friend who called in nt this point, said tlint Jarvis looked ten years younger Hint day than he did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going tho way I am, 1 hope to be able to resume work ns n boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health nnd strength to work at that trade. 1 am better to-day than I have been at any time during tlie past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I nm in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex cruciating pain. But they can stny where they are, for I no longer need them. Every body who knows me lias been amazed nt the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. Aly being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, nnd it confirms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also tbe many disorders which arise from an im poverished state of tlie blood, such as ansemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscu lar weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, ner vous headache, etc. 