= tiiis i.r.WucUmuwmj" 1»y the chilling .of- -Ms Iflobil^sind the nuick heating of his heart, fe^vas al most afraid to turn Ins-head to oiliher side at iirst, hut lie shook the lent oft, and looked around.- , . , “Confound it!” he muttered, - a., - lie stared about, and saw nothing. 1» be drunk! It’s that port m i« of that beef at dinner. 1 did cat a lot of it I was so hungry after the cold aiiglit air. I'll turn up that lamp a hit, aiid finish my novel.” ^ _ i -Ur .ludd. however, did not t un «P^U lainp’s wiek, nor did lie get his novel , for directly between his scat «“dthc long-waisted lamp lie saw a shadow something that slowly grow upon l is vision.something that made bun breathe irregularly and stare and grasp the lea thern arms of his seat. \\\ hat vvas • A ghost, no doubt, though Mr Judd did not believe in gliosis. But it was a sj m mct.rieal ghost, with "Uicdi promise of being ultimately substantial. Haidu Mr Judd stared, and slowly the shadow rounded into human lorm—rounded and deepened and grew, until there, beloic bim. with the face ot an an„el, ^tooc ^Xo^Mrs Judd had been dead five vJars. Hers bad been a. sweet and lov able nature—a woman with a beautiful ‘uul good face, a nature generous to a fault, and blind to a great many 1 nulls in others. She had been m this respect the direct antithesis ot Mr the result, had been perpetual (.issutis u».«*)««. Sirs Judd's a sweet lorboarancc that bad proved very irritating to l.ei hus band though she did not Know it. 1 c two boys she left behind seemed broken hearted. and even Mr Judd ''h* for a while. But lie got met it. and packed the lads off to boarding sclioo and Then plunged into business vith groat zeal. ' Judd seemingly in the flesh, .yet! spiritualised—an angel, Mr could see at a glance. •‘Well. Nathaniel, said she, softlj. anil Nathaniel started, as he rec°gmsed the street voice of his hire wile. And are yon sorry to see me': ’ ••Wh-whal. Jcssi^V R-sorrji to s-soc ■you V” gasped Mr Judd, his teeth chat tering. “N-no, eer-certamly not. h‘so find to s-see you.” ' ... said tlio spirit OL NathanieWvhnt table began .to loos .But the climax came wM'a.. aj‘.ndmiy; created probationary lieutenant sard in dei.reeatory accents, ■‘rfurgeon-cap tain Jones, would you kindly pass tne mustard." It was enough. Nouns Australia is not backward in humor, amt the rest of the evening was undisturbed by rehearsals of the Victorian Army List'. It is only due to the surgeon captain to say that lie looked more than blue pills and lancets at die man who addressed him. Mv old friend, Wilkins, of the V, hn mera, is in a. decidedly Christmas frame of mind, overflowing with peace and good will towards men. especially the two who found and restored to him his nrir.c ram. Last week this distinguished quadruped, who has hitherto led _a blameless and respectable life, managed to get out from the special paddock, and rset off like Rasselas. prince of Abys sinia to see the world.. But, un like Rasselas, he did hot get tired of its vanity and wickedness. On the contrary, he, to all appearance, revelled in them, seeking fresh pastures ard disporting himself therein, m a trulv patriarchal manner. His inde pendent career was, however, brought to a close by two swagmen, who, after a smart contest, in which the ram near ly came off best, succeeded in capturing the curled and fleecy warrior, and duly restored him to his owner. It was a . stroke of luck on their part, for, m ad dition to a substantial reward, they are good for a week's Christmas tucke. at the hands of the grateful Wilkins. In his letter to me he observes, with a feel ing that does him credit, “Oh, John, the Scripture is right. There is -more ^ joy over one prodigal prize ram that is found than' over ninety-nine just .wethers that go astray.” Wilkins was a smart boy at Sunday school, but he is getting a trifle mixed in his old. age. My friend. Jack Hancock, has evident ly much down on a Knight as he has on a soldier. He objects to support the one as much as he does to run the other. It is very clear 'that had the .burlv* member for Footscray lived in the crusading days, he would never nave o-one to the Holy Land and shouted, ‘‘Ha! St. -George! Ha! St. Edward! striking down a foe at eacr invocation.” , TTc would rather have Jitayed in niCrrie iBvMHHHHB^his lah^; and “shoutkd” “I mean wlwt good tliings-ebjimabie, things-are yon going to do?) How many of the poor and sick anjl lonely are yon going to hold out a kind hand to?” Mr .Tudd stared, and then sighed. .Tust the same Mrs Judd as ever! She hadn't changed a hit. •‘I’m afraid you haven't, thought of what you might do,” said Mrs Judd, reproachfully. As she stood there in her pure white robe, with her golden hair flowing over her shoulders, and the rosy, soft light of the lamp and lire fall ing upon her face and ligure with the tender touch of mellow moonlight, Mr Judd thought how heavenly she was. “Ah, Nathaniel,” she said at last, turn ing her eyes upon him, “I see yoli haven’t even thought of what you might do~you, with all your money and op portunities! Really,haven’t you thought about it at all?” “No!” Mr Judd almost pouted. “And the boys—where are they?” “At school, where they ought to be!” snarled Mr Judd. "Two years ago I had ’em home, and they knocked about so and spoiled so much furniture and kicked up such row. that I registered a vow never to bring them home again at gliis time of the year.” “I know,” said Mrs Judd. “I regis tered the vow myself.” “Eh?” ejaculated Mr Judd. “Oh,well, I was prefectly justified. The Christ inas business is a proper swindle and sham, anyway.” “And what are you going to do your self, Nathaniel?” The abrupt question almost took Mr Judd’s breath away. “Oh, I shall prob ably dine here-liave a small roast and a pudding. Jane makes capital puddings! You remember Jane?” “And have you sent the boys any thing?" queried Mrs Judd. Her voice was almost melancholy. “No. Let them , eat their school din ner.” Mrs Judd said nothing in reply to this. She stood looking in the lire for a few moments, and then stepped back a yard or so, until she stood behind Mr Judd’s chair. Mr Judd felt irritated, but he al so became conscious of the fact that he . could not move. He seemed under a —snail—The white figure behind him \ stretched her’:^nsJu"aH?qIM>?T Uli&uluV; ' ing motion above Mr Judd’s bald head. Mr Judd’s bald head sank- until that gentleman’s chin rested upon liis breast, and his glance fell to a level with the coals. He felt drowsy, and yet with every mental faculty alert. “Hang it all!” he muttered. “I have been drinking! Or perhaps it’s the heat. I’ll ring for Jane!” Miss Judd waved her fair hand to wards the grate. Mr Judd, mentally conscious but physically incapable, saw a soft, white, and almost transparent cloud rise above the coals. Again Mrs Judd waved her fingers, and a scene ap peared in the cloud. Mr Judd saw an attic. He had never seen'at attic in real life, but he knew in stinctively this was an attic. . It was a miserable place.There was no bright fire. There was scarcely any furniture, and the room was bitterly cold. -Mr Judd almost felt the cold of it himself, and instinctively leaned for ward in his chair towardsVthe grate, and -in doing so got a better view of the attic, f ■■'■■■ vA-v There?were some very thin and pale feced; children ' there, too. J Mr Judd shuddered as he saw their wistful, spare, faces. And on a- couch of some sort lay their mother—d miserable crea ture with. tangled .hair, and; evidently: ; 3n a fever, lie heard her curse the day site had been married. . v'?. and grew more distinct: We sa'> ^thc faces—faces gloomy and almost ish. But lie .knew them. i-hoj his hoys. He had not seen them • lone time. and. they had giown> thes hoys; hut he had not JJi .Judd’s heart was sirangelj stnicl -U thev were his sous, his own, ami lie loved them still! He followed them with easer gaze as they came down to the courtyard, and said last of their homeward-hound com i-ules He watched them with sti.vm iii- -aze as they waved their hands af ter the retreating carnage, ^mlhc heard their faint and almost h(Millers cheer of farewell and the sound ot the wheels as they died away m the street, lie followed them as they tinned wit:h «low- steps into the grey school asam, and were lost to ids view as the scone dickered and paled aud vanished. . The lire in his grate scorned to be -rowing dim, Mr .Tudd thought. But the silent figure he could not see once more* wnvetf a. hand to the coals, aud nnefi more the curtain rose. There was a broad, ongu. . .... hue. Mr Judd recognised U. Ho rallied it every day of ins Me. It vas ’hristinas Eve without: a doubt m this treet. There were a great miniy peo >lc there—people wiioui .Mr Judd knew. I’hov looked so real that he was almost PC- lined to cry out to them. IIow hap ,v they looked, some of them m Pm.i 'lirs with their merry faces ami red •heeks! No poverty here, thank Hem ,-en! Every man seemed to he w lslnn, iis neighbor a merry Christmas with lie certainty of his wish being Hdtiltal. Mid how. gay the windows were \Vhy, He would have gone down himself it m had thought, the city would be as jollj ns this! Nobody seemed to mind tin storm It was nothing! .. , Stiddenlv Mr .Tudd’s eyes widened What was this ‘i Here were peopK walking about 1 he street who had m right to be there—no right by the lav of common sense, no right by the lav of men's belief. Why, they were men spectres! Pale, miserable beings, mos of them, who stared at the H'lenda windows and tile well-dressed eiowi with envious eyes, Mr I Judd thought And their clothing was so mean li could almost see through it! And liei came reeling down the. street the ma he Hid seen in the aitiil If he did nc take care, MvsvhcJ iftt brief, >s into the hand ms some him . .. me" of how it. was achieved:—The ily personages taken into confidence ere, on the- Emperor’s side,an admiral, ie captain of the Hohenxollern. the hanecllor ol’-the Empire, a. general id two valets de.claimlire. Hi France hey were President Carnot. M. Spulcr, Minister of Foreign Affairs. M. de B’reyeiiiet, Minister of .War. and a score jf police agents. The, Gorman Am jassador was not supposed to know o£ die voyage till if. was over. When the preparations wore completed, tin Kaiser embarked upon liis yacht, al Kiel, and on the pica of hiking a, sea ward journey far North, left his em pire without news .of him for a fort: night. rnu.* rest, of the journey waf made from Arendal via Holland ant Belgium to I-’aris." The "Times" correspondent, extracts £ the following story from tlm same , book:—"One day, at. a review, the < Prince Yens suddenly seized with a. lit __ of nose-bleeding. As the officers of ( his staff hurried round him, he yeas- , sured them, saying, ‘Gentlemen, it: is ] nothing; it is only the last drop of Eng- , lish blood leaving my veins.”' Need less to say, the authenticity of the anec- ; dote is guaranteed neither by the "Times" nor ourselves. When Mr Gladstone is likely to be from home for any length of time, he likes to take his own books and writing tools and material with him. He lias' Quite a collection of paper knives, ink stands, and other nick-nacks of the writ ing table, many of them valuable gifts from one admirer or another. The first named articles are nearly all of very large size. Several of them have ivory blades, and are mounted in massive sil ver. There is one, however, which, since its presentation about the Diamond Ju bilee time, he has always had on liis desk, and takes with him on a visit any where. It is a large handsome knife, about twelve iuejies lon'g, made of one solid piece of “mother-of- pearl.” What gives it special interest, apart from its intrinsic value, is the following inscrip tion, which is in strong black letters on the blade : “To the Great /Man, Mr Gladstone, this knife in remerrJbrance of the Grand Day of t,he Diamond Jubilee of Queen Victoria, 22nd June, I.S97. From Luiei Montesi.” / poss strifffw SjtW cr;v,r*'p^a ?. «<t<*«rol' his duty.. .iio would take hmn hornet as was jror^ often done in tluj case of individuals more blessed in life—as lnm heeiKdone in his own case, Mr Judd remembered. Tlion here came Gaunt, '1 his under bookkeeper, slouching homeward with a parcel under his arm. Gaunt had got through the work he had been ordered to do before closing up till Tuesday, in good time, Mr Judd thought. Gaunt held liis head rather higher, too. and his face seemed brighter, though he did not. bother about the sliop-windows, and seemed very eager about reaching his destination. And following Gaunt, with a slower and easier step, who came next wrapped in his elegant fur-lined coat, the usual choice cigar in his mouth, his head higher even than Gaunt’s ? Mr Judd stared and gasped. By all that was wonderful—himself ! Ilis other self, however, while nod ding cheerily to his well-to-do acquain tances, seemed wholly unaware of those strange and miserable-looking people, those spectres, who mingled with the throng; for he elbowed them to the left and right, off the pave ment even, as if be did not see them, or if he did, as if he had no thought or regard for their rights as human beings. Whoever this impostor was, masquerading as Nathaniel Judd, Es quire, he must be told that this was not the way Nathaniel Judd himself would act. It was an insult! The blood stirred hotly in Mr Judd’s veins, and he put liis hand to his throat as if he would strangle. He tried to cry out, but his voice failed him. Then with one supreme effort he sprang to his feet, and found himself—awake! He was quite alone. The angel, or whatever it was, of Mrs Judd had gone. The room seemed chilly; and no won der, for the fire was out, save' one or two coals that glowed dimly through the ashes. Mr Judd shook himself and walked to the window. The storm had passed, and the stars had come out. How brilliant, they were, and how steady, as they seemed to look straight at him! And then Mr Judd heard the clock in the hall strike twelve, and a moment later the bells rang clear and sweet to his ears the Christmas morning. Mr Judd stirred himself from the re verie into which he had. fallen, and ’wTlFiriT~Tn~riTi ---'V,itr TTr ntiiTrtl the remnant of the life, and sat down in the big chair. “And I am really so, selfish ?” he muttered to himself. “Well, well! We will talk that over another time. Let me see. If I go down town 1 now, I . can have those boys here by noon to - morrow. We must have, some sort of a. dinner for them, to be sure! And there’s that brother of mine, poor devil! Wouldn’t be a bad idea to have him and his wife in. They 'can’t'have, much, 'that’s a fact. And I wonder how it would be to have Gaunt up? Seems a,queer idea, having one’s bookkeeper to din ner! But I’d like to ask him if he really did pray like that in the office! I wonder how much of a family he has? He never told me He might have ! ; And—and those attic people—oh, I am . out of my head with this dream! Why, I suppose there are thousands of! attics —like that! Well, we cam see about that to-morrow. I must get Jane to • work. I suppose she has gone to bed. I will rouse her up. ! She will - be tickled to death, poor old.thing, about the boys coming home. . And now, Na thaniel Judd, to send that message! I can telephone, - to be sure; but J, would like to be certain about it. Besides, the walk,Will do ine good; I feel as if I wanted it;” . ■'/! Then Mr Judd roused his-astonished . fosterihg of western' casting aside of superstitious tiad'tlo is doing an immense wdrk to biirtg t_ Mahomedans of India into line ywth th_ clever clear-headed, industrious, and philosophical Hindus. The Hindus have monopolised the official appoint ments given to natives by the Gaver*. ment of India. The sole ambition of the Hindu, indeed, is to enter Government, emolov. He studies English nvth no other object. He picks all the plums while the Mahomedans, a stronger an more determined race, who could crush the Hindus to-morrow were the British rule withdrawn, are l™shec{. one side, and are, consequently. suuen, discontented, and inclined to re*3.e'lK’n This appropriation of official pos . Hindus is a long-standine and ranha » I grievance among the Indian 1 dans. A people by no n^ans inchned to intellectual pursuits, they too of fail to associate cause with effect. . * -• resent the success of the Hindus, anc not appreciate that their-own^-xclt »ion from Government service lies entnej their own doors. The Aligarh sity, however, is helping to ^ straight. It is an institution subsidised £ a mall extent by the Government but relying mainly for its suppoi t on out side aid, and it owes its origin to one o the most liberal-minded of men A 1 boon my good fortune to meet, fan Vhm.ad Khan. He is an old man now the contemporary of Mr G'*d^"e He vears I had a long talk with him. is big. hard-lined, solid-featured, a man of vigor and commonsense insight ther than a man deep in eiudition an learning I found him reclining on l“d. half-couch, with volume in the Urdu tongue befoie lnm and as he pushed the book as.de ^and entered into conversation, X ^ “is M. vitaiuy. ™; o£ the moutli. the lanre. “S eyes, the brown furrowed skm Iran e hufabovi1 alT was Th^essed^ withes point and his own account of what; e him to found the University was ma/ked with simplicity, candor, and aiso wlth n manner showing he had a conWuei.i eve th expediency. J . A descendant of the ,Pr?p‘ implies, his family held hfgh of eet. ,‘nul the n the crypt beneath' are the tombs of jonl Nelson. The Buko of A\"ellingtou, >r. Johnson, Sir Joshua. Reynolds, and uany other celebrities. A visit to St. 'aul’s is. of course, one of the first lines hi the programme of the Australian -isitor to the uictropolis of the Era >ire. mm The discovery of the Spanish galleon wrecked oil’ Hispaniola, of which the bullion was secured by some English speculators in 1GS7. basgost later genera tions dearly. The Puke of Albemarle, Governor of Jamaica, received LSO.OOO, the royal share was 1.10.000. gentlemen who had adventured 1.100 from I.SOOO to li. 10,000. Innumerable ha ve been the dis .astrous enterprises which this success promoted. Within the last few years we saw a company formed to recover Na poleon’s army chest, sunk, with the ves sel that contained it, at the battle of Aboukir. One of the most interesting Cmds was the treasure of Guarrazar, dis covered in ilSriS. Seme peasants travel ling near Toledo noticed objects of gold and jewel work-washed partly out of the ground. by heavy rains. They broke them to pieces and divided thorn. An intelligent man bought up every frag ment, pieced them together, and lied to Haris, where he sold the lot to the Mnsee Clnny. The objects; proved to be eleven crov/ns of Gothic monarchs who ruled Ppain during the seventh century. One. the largest, lias thirt y big sapphires and thirty pearls of great size: below it hangs a cross set with large sapphires and pearls, which, again, has jewelled pendants. The treasure of Hildeslieim also is priceless. It was found by soldiers digging a trench near the town of that name in 1SC0. It consisted of stewpans, pots, plates, all of silver, exquisite in form and in ornament: a complete din ner service, dishes, cups, goblets, of beautiful Greek work, in silver, with gchl wreaths and attachments._ .• 