ffflf yiTTUTKE; EOYAL.-' CHEEE, BOYS, CHEER.' Mr. George Rignold's prodncfcion of last ?veiling, 'Cheer, Boys,. Cheer,' is smartly 'Written. Its literary merit is distinctly abovo .that of most melodramas, and its story is interesting, without beine too involved. Regi nald Fitzdavis, a financial adventurer from South Africa, by clever mining blnff gets in, ?with an aristocratic London set, and when in makes the most of his chances. Fortunately for liim he finds an ally in Lady Uehtred SKesteven, to whom the estates and title oi :the Marquis of Chepstowe will fall if he dies unmarried. As he is engaged to Blanche landosay, the match muct be broken off. lLady Ughtred conspires with Fitzdavis ;towards this end. By a very simple but effective process, in which' the recovery of taome bonds she has lost is concerned, ?Ktzdavis gets Blanche to visit his rooms, .and contrives that Chepstowe shall be .brought in by Lady Ughtred at the right moment. The business works out _aa they jplanned, and Chepstowe is deceived so ; thoroughly that he deolines to marry Blanche. 'She is cut by most of her friends, but Lady Hilyard, George Hxlyardj and Lord Archie .Kesteven (Chepstowe's brother) remain true to her, and the curtain falls on Act 3 on a scene in Lady Hil t yard's drawing-room, where, after reviling «ome of her guests for their coldness, she determines to taka Blanche away with her to South Africa, . and sing3 the much-talked of ,** Cheer, Boys, Cheer.' Which, truth to tell, Is an idea that could bo improved upon or omitted. Chepstowe, to bury his grief, goes ?to South Africa, and take3 command of a troop, which is cnt to pieces by the Matabele. Afl the savages make a final rush, this little band of brave men forms up and sings ' God Save the Queen.' The idea is patriotic, but too dangerously oloso to burlesque for Australia. To the writer it seemed super fluous. There is enough dramatic tone in the (oene to carry it through without this. A relief column comes along, and Chepstowe, who has learned the truth, is married by a bosh clergyman to Blanche, in order that her same may be oloared even though he dies. JBtaok to London all return to outwit Fitzdavis and Lady Ughtred, who has usurped the title and estates. 1 In the part of the Marquis of Chepstowe, Mr. Bignold has a part suited to hb physique and methods. Though he was very gentle manly in the earlier scenes, it was as the ..trooper in Matabeleland that he seemed most at ease. Here he was very effective. To Mr. iPiimmer fell the lot of interpreting the character of Reginald Fitzdavis, and a finely written character it is. He is none of our heavy-weight villains, but a smart up to-date man, who could hold his own —and other people's — in any society. ?Mr. Plimmer played the part splen didly. If he errs at all, it is in being quiok at times. But as that is a virtue by comparison with the sin of being too slow, little blame can attach to his otherwise first-rate performance. The warm-hearted, impulsive Lady Hilyard was played by Miss Emily Hughes, and bar presence on the stage was at all times most welcome. Mr. Diver was very good as George Hilyard, and Mr. Frank Hawthorne distinctly successful as Lord Archie Kesteven. As Fitzdavis' clerk, Mr. Hans Phillips was extremely funny. His is what may fairly be called the humorous part in the pieoe. Mr. Sweeney's Woolf Meikstein. was all right, and Miss Watts-Phillip's Kitty Parker just the kind of maid-servant ona would expebt such ? an able artist to be. Of the other parts, of which there are very many, it need only be uaid that they were very well played, but exigencies of space do not permit of dealing with them individually. The piece went well as a whole, but there are many little matters which would be none the worse for amendment or excision. These have been already suggested above. It is a piece, however, that ought to suit Sydney playgoers, for it is of much better workman ship than many melodramas which have been successes here. CETTEEION— ' A WOMAN'S REASON.' Last night, at the Criterion, Mr. Brough produced for the first time in Australia ' A Woman's Reason,' by C. H. E. Brookfield and P. 0. Phillips.' The new play may be set down as a clever one, even though the plot may not be very novel ; whilst the dia logue, if judiciously ' cut,' and also . shorn of superfluous platitudes — the weather is too hot for doses of inspired truisms and harangues about honor — may be written down as bright and interesting. ' A Woman's Keason ' had every opportunity given it last night. Firstly, the skill of the playwright had the advantage of an exoellent interpre tation, speaking generally ; secondly, Mr. W. B. Spong (assisted by Mr. H. Whaite) has illustrated the play — which is staged with generosity and good taato — in happy style ; and lastly, the reception of the new piece Buffered in no way by the fact that, as is always to be found at Mr. Brough's premieres, there was. a large andieaco. In 'A Woman's Reason' the not very novel plot hinges on the doings of a high-born woman,. the Hon. Nina Keith, who marries a wealthy man, a Jew, at the command of her impoverished parents. As Nina has no spark of affection for her husband, Stephen D'Acosta, ah 6 does what perhaps many women would do tinder the circumstances — to wit, lead a life of pleasure; ' paying but scant attention to her husband or heed to her little son, who naturally transfers his affection to Leah D'Acosta., her husband's sister. Nina blames Leah for this, with the result that she gets Borne home truths as to her mode of living and her treatment of husband and child as an 'answer. Hereabouts the inevitable ?villain, Captain Crozier, gota in his fine work, and prevails upon Stephen's wife to elope with him. The equally inevitable divorce, and subsequent desertion by the worthless Crosier, follow. The last act is the strongest in dramatic action. We are transferred from D'Aoosta's splendid mansion in Chesterfield Gardens to Nina's cottage at Hc&ton-by-tlie-; Marsh. Crozier has put in an appearance, After a year's absence, when D'Acosta arrives to arrange about his sou. Overcome by the affection he still feels for his wife a rap prochement appears possible when Crozier is discovered in the house. As Crozier is brought from his place of concealment the andienoe doubtless imagine any satisfactory ending an impossibility; but the playwrights have ordained otherwise, for the curtain finally rings down' by Stephen taking back his wife, and thus the play ends h&pniiy.; The chief characters are the erring wife, played by Mrs. Brough, and the good- hearted husband by Mr. Tittieradge. Mrs. Brough, Buperbly gowned throughout, was seen at her best as Nina Keith. Tho sketch was certainly artistio work — especially so tho soanes with Crozier in the second act, and with Stephen in the last. Mr. Titherage, who at times chits hifl voice bo oa to be hardly audible, did exoellent work as D'Acosta, and it was no fault of his that all the melodramatio speeches fell to bis share. Mr. Ferris was a polished, good- looking, and well-dressed vil lain. Mr. Brough, as Lord Bletchley, who', after having sold his daughter, poses as, an injured and virtuous parent when she elopes, is mostly noticeable for a remarkable make-up. Both Mr. Brough and Miss Watt-Tanner (Lady Bletchley) worked hard 'with nono too many chances. Mr. Carey gave one of the best OBaracter sketches of the evening as -an Unctuous and meddlesome parson, whilsfrMia8 Temple effectively represented the parson'3 daughter who bets on horses. ?? ' Leah D'Acoota is safe with Miss Seymour.. Little Ethel Bash ford deserves a good word for a prettilypjayed part-rthat of Algie, Stephens' Bon. Miss Hardy (simply thrown away in a' very small parti, : Mr...M%Intyre,.and tho .others in tho cast lent effective aid. The warmest applauso followed the fall, of the curtain on each act. Whether ' A Woman's Eeasou ' will com mand' success or not wo cannot nay, but it deservos to, a o o OTHER- THEATRES, &a.; The last five nights of ' Sinbad the Sailor ' aro announced at Her Majesty's. The final matinee will be given on Tuesday afcornoon. On Thursday night there' will be a regatta night. His Worship the Mayor will present the prizes on the stage to the successful com petitors at the Anniversary Regatta. Friday, the last night of the panto., will be a Bpeoial children's night, when the curtain will riee at 7 p.m. sharp and the performance will con clude afc 10 p.m. On Satnrday ' The Silver King,' the play of the century, will be revived at popular prices. Mr. Iutrlia will bo Wilfred Denver; Mr. Cocil Ward, tljo Spider; Mr. H. R. Roberts, Jaikes ; Miss Ireland, Nellie Denver; Miss Fitzmaurice Gill, Olive Skinner; and Daisy Ireland, Cissy. The rest of the cast will be as follows : — Corkett, Mr. Stan field ; Elijah Coombe, Mr. John Wailaoe ; .Cripps, Mr. E. B. Russell; Baxter, Mr. Hodson; Geoffrey Ware, Mr. Fitzmaurioe; the three old men, Messrs. J. Aahtou King, .Rivers, and Toliuio ; Tabitha, Miss Eva Clements ; Mrs. Gaminidge, Mrs. Melville ; and Susan, Miss Minna Phillips. The only important changes at the Palace Theatre are the departuro of Mr. R. G. Snowies, who has gone over to Molbourno, and the arrival of Messrs. Delohery, Craydon and Holland, whose doings are as well- known to theatre-goers cis the PoKt-oifi.ee clock, and probably -quite as much appreciated. The colored fountains at Versailles, La^ Loie Fuller's dance, and many other excellent' views -are still drawing great numbers of people to the Salon Cinematograph at 237 Pitt-street. Tho management of the Lumiere Cinemato graph, 478 George-street, is putting forth some extra attractive views on various sub jeots — Anatralian, English, French, German, Russian, Spanish, and those of particular local interest, to wit, tho Melbourne Cup carnival. Nothing seems to disturb the popularity of the Cyclorama of Jerusalem, which, spite of all counter attractions, remains open daily from 10 a.m: to 5.30 p.m. and from 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. Mr. Larmour will provide a specially attrac tive entertainment for Anniversary Day in the variety and specialty line. There will also be dancing to the strains of the Enterprise Band. This (Sunday) afternoon there will bo the usual concert.. The sixpenny cinematograph at 420 George street claims to be the coolest plaoe in the city, and it is announced that 27 animated piotures will b.e shown daily from II a.m. to 9.30 p.m. ' a $ o Mrl Frank Thornton bites. Miss Myra Kemble is about again, looking well and strong. London PsucAH refers to her as M protty Miss Hilda Spong.' Mr. Harry Shine has gone across to the Melbourne Opera House. The Taylor-Carrrngton Company was due in Bombay at Christmas, Mr. R. Stewart, jun., who was in the Lyceum show, has returned to Melbourne. Mrs. Shaw, the American whistling lady, is announced to re-appear in London. Harmston's Oirous, according to last files, seems to be doing good business in Calcutta. As soon as lie finishes his pantomime en gagement Mr. Will Crackles is off to London. ? Mr.Chas. Hawtrey*s lateat London dramatic venture is entitled ' The Mystery of Mr. Bugle.' Mr. R. G. Knowles left by Friday s express to join tho Melbourne Princess's pantomime company. Miss Lilian Stanbridge has been appearing in tifhta in 'Cinderella'1 with Mr. T. P. Hudson, at Calcutta. Melbourne papers say that Miss Florence Young is about to be married to a rich Mel bournite. Mr. Allan Hamilton loaves for Melbourne to-night to make arrangements for the Brough season there. Mies Yda Hamilton (Mrs. ScoWngliB) doesn't cycle. She thinks it isn't a ladylike accomplishment. ' Miss Noney Seabrooke, leading lady of the Frank Thornton company, was one time on the London Press. The nest Hoy t and M'Kee company will bring along 'A Texas Steer,' one of the 'Chinatown' order. The boom in *4 flashlighting ' theatre audiences seems to have commenced and ended with Her Majesty's. Mr. Julius Knight will play the dual parts of the King and his English relative in 'A Prisoner of Zenda.' Miss Nita Steele, according, to papers of November last, was at the Buluwayo Theatre of Varieties, South Afrioa. Mr. Middleton, well-known in the show business here, is running The Mystic Swing and a Boxing Kangaroo in Calcutta. Mr, Bignold will play ' Henry V.' ' Called Back,') ''Tommy Atkins,' and u Cheer, Boys Cheer,*' during his New Zealand tour. Mr. Cyril Keightloy plays the melanoholy JaqueB in ' As You Like It ' with tho Pofcter Beliew company through New Zealand. ? ? Some local pros, are singing ; ' I want ye?, my money ; yes, I want yor, want yor, want yer. I want yer, my money, yes, I do !' It is probable that the Brough Company will not return to Sydney for a considerable timo after the conclusion of the present season. Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner and Mrs. Henry Bracey were two excellent aristocratic ' old women ' in ' A Woman of No Importance.' . Pollard's Liliputians, Hudson's Surprise Party, and Harmston's Circus were all going strong in Calcutta when tho last mail left. Miss Ada Colley' goes to London. Those wonderful top notes of hers should secure her an immediate engagement on the mnaio-hall Btage. Mr. Bland Holt has got the Australian rights of ' The Duchess of Coolgardie,' in which Miss Hilda Spong made her London debut. Mr. Walter Rivero' brother, a leading pro duce merchant and auctioneer of Wellington, N.Z., has been appointed Chinese Consul there. .. In 'A Woman of No Importance' Lord Ulingworth (Mr. Titheradge) says : — ' There are only two kind of women — plain and. colored.' The Calcutta Ceitic takes exception to the interpolation of comic songs in Audran's ' Mascotto' by the Pollards' Idliputian Company. ' ? Overboard outside s- Sydney theatre last week : — ' Look here, Mr. Blank, in there any show of a ghost ? ' ' Not a ghost of a show,' replied Blank. At Prof. AUon's Palaoe of Amusement, 594 Georgo-otreet, Percy Hepburn, the man of many mystorioo, is announced to bo hanged for ten days. Messrs. Kerry and Co. succeeded in getting two oxoellent flashlight photographs of the auditorium of the Theotro Royal and that of the Palace Theatre. Tho dosing of tho Lyoeniu doesn't oeem to have affected Mr. Chas. F. M'Carthy to any extent. He is about town as bright and lively as— well, as an Irish comedian. Mr. Edward Sass and the company he tools out to South Afrioa had a vary successful timo according to the local papers. The season waa to conclude about November last. The beginning of the musical Dotting of 'Back from tho Goldfields,' onng by Mr. Godfrey, io remarkably rnmininconfc of tho melody of 'Listening.'? Mr. George Pack, the oonduotor at Hor Majesty's, was presented on Wednesday last with an ebony baton by the chorus gentlemen and a oigar-oaso by tha ohorna. ladiea engaged in the pantomime of ' Sinbad tho Sailor.*' Mrs. Brough, as Mrs. Arbuthnot in 'A Woman of No Importance,' once more illu strated how thoroughly an all-round artist she is. ; . . ? \- Mr. Will Crackles considers ' Sinbad the Sailor' en unlucky 'pantomime, according to English results. Mr. John Wallace says that as far as Australia is concerned it has in variably been, a Buoobss, . _ ? ' A music-hall performer in 'Brooklyn (U.S.A.) lost his wagor over ? tho M'Kinley'-Bryan elcotion, and the penalty f brood him to wheel a fellow-artiste through tho ? streets in a barrow. Although there' have been ono or two off sights, tho present season at the Criterion, taken altogether, hna qnitt* seemed like the .palmy dnya'of, tho B.ahd B. Company in the matter of attendance. Miss Dorothy Usner has commenced a libol action against Nat Goodwin for tolling an American, interviewer that if her photos, taken in Molbourno, were exhibited in Now York, she would be arrested. A Melbotirne'paper states that ' A Prisoner of Zenda ' is to be produced at tho Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, on March 18. Probably February 18 would be nearer the mark. Miss Minna Phillips has been' suffering from so severe a cold tho last few days that her ex cellent oong ' Will He Come ' has had to be. omitted. Hor many admirers will wish hor a a speedy restoration of voioe. The cables announce that Countess Cpwloy is suing1 for a divoroe on tho ground of the Earl's desertion of her for a Mrs. Charles Charrington. Miss Janet Acburoh is Mrs. Charles Charrington. Can she be the lady ? . The Hayman Company after its season at Hughendoa and Charters Towers returns to Townsvillo, tbenoe, via Thursday Island, to Normanton and Croydo.n, where anybody who dies in the lnorni'ug has to be buried about lunch-time. The Melbourne Princess's pantomime is to be produced ut Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, on February 20. Mr. R. G. Knowles will be included in the company: Mr'. George L.. Goodman has once more settled down to' .active acting-management. Ho is now fully in charge-, both as represen-' tivd of Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove and Mr. C. B.' Westmacott at Her Majesty's Thflatre. ' . Mr. Dan Barry advertised in Toowoomba (Q.) that ' Ten Nights in a Bar-room ' was by the late Henry Ward Beeoher. Dan also announoed tnat ' cool distributing valvea will be used in tho hall during tho performance to keep it cool.' One of the most exciting noenes in ' Tommy Atkins' was that in which Mr. Plimmor knocked over ttfo'cr three soldiers, and then, seizing the officer's sword, stood on the bridge like the brave Horatins of old and defied the w'hole regiment. ? ? Gilbert Parker's 'Seats of the Mighty' doesn't seem to have proved a success as a. play in New York,. Mr. Beerbobm .Tree with drew it from his American repertoire, but adheres to his intention of opening his new London theatre with it. During. their Auckland (N.Z.) season the Potter- Bellow Company went in for quiok changes. During the last five nights, ending January 18, thoy staged 'As You Like It.'! ' She Stoops to Conquer,'' ' The Merchant of Venice,' and ' The Lady of Lyons.' Mr. Charles Warner, having misquoted Edward Bulwer Lytton, a London paper gets baok at him thualy : — ' No, no, Charlie Warner ; you're a very fine melodramatio actor with a low- necked shirt on and your hair curled, but you musn't mangle Edward Bulwer Lytton.' . Duringthe Melbourne season the Brough Company expect to produce ' A Woman of No Importance,' ' A White Elephant,' ' The Haven of Content ' (by Malcolm Watson), fi 7 —20 — 8; or, Casting the Boomerang' (by Auguatin Daly), and 'Mrs. Othello; ' also ' Jim the Penman,' and sundry other revivals. A Rangoon telegram, dated December 20, states : — ' The Willard Opera Company leave here for Calcutta on the* 27th inst., after a highly successful season of one month in the new Jubilee Hall. They close their stay at Rangopn by a grand out-door fete1 in Fytche Square Gardens on the 24th and 26th inst.' There will be only ten more nights of the Brough Company, for this combination of artistio talent opens at the Bijou Theatre, Melbourne, on February 6, in 'A Woman of No Importance,' which pieoe is- reported by the management as having been the greatest financial success over produced at the Criterion since ' The Second Mrs.' Tanqueray.'' Referring to the cremation of Da Manner's body, one London religious weekly remarked : ' What about the reanrr^otion day P' Where upon a flippant theatrical 'writer suggested ' that, if Du Mauribr- wasn't on hand on the day' of resurrection, neither would be 'the Christian martyrs, who perished at the stake. Before the end of the run of the pantomime Mr. Westmacott proposes to give a children's night. That is to say, he intends one evening' to start the show at 7 sharp, so that it will be over before 10, and thus enable parents to give the youngsters the exoitement of going to a theatre at night without keeping them out too late. In connection with tho performance at the Lyceum Theatre for the Stockton Relief Fund, to whioh we referred last week, Mr. Geo. L. Goodman wishes us to remove a mis apprehension whioh may exist, viz., that Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove lent the building. As a matter of fact, it was Mr. Goatohor who actually lent the theatre. Mr. Rignold's season at the Theatre Royal terminates on Fehruary 19 — though he can, if necessity arises, extend' it another week. He commences his.New Zealand tour at Auckland on Marob 20; He will in all probability play the following towns : Auckland, Napier, Wel lington, Christchurch, Oamaru, Tima.ru, Dunedin, and Inveroargill. Possibly Tas mania and Brisbane to follow. The people brought out by Messrs. William ,son and Musgrove to play in ' The Prisoner of Zenda' and' 'The Sign o' the Cross', are Messrs. William Hawtroy (brother to Charles Hawtrey, tho London manager), H. J. Cavill, and Julius Knight; Misses Nellie Mortyne, Ada Ferrar, and Elliott Page. Mr. Knight has been here before, and Miss Mortyne is pretty wall known to most of us.. Auckland ,(N.Z.) Observed, referring to the Potter-Belle w season, says: ''Canaille' was played on Thursday and Friday nights last wesk, and was received with the tamest sub-' mission. Some people went to sleep, and others rubbed their eyes as if they would like to, and not a few who went out for refreshment between tho acts forerot-to retnrn ' Madame Amy Sherwinis not in love with the Theatre lioyal, Johannesburg. ' Here is wbat she told an interviewer: — 'I think it is a disgrace to the town. It causes huge diffi culties in singing— in fact, we never could do ourselves justice there. It was like singing under a wet blankot every night. Theatre Royal indeed ! I call it the ' Rat Castle,' us it took loss letters,- and explained the kind of place very well.' Mr. George Pack has only been four years in the profession. He has published a couple of songs, and had twootherB of his composi tions introduced into the Melbourne panto mime. He composed, selected, and arranged the whole of tho musio for 'Sinbad the Sailor,' and is placed on an equal footing with Leon Caron as regards all the musio for the Melbourne pantomime, 'Mataa.' A rather rapid coining to the front for a young man of twenty-seven. ' Saya London Stage :— ' On Monday Misn Hilda Spong took up the part of Marion Thornton iu 'Two Little Vagabonds.' Hero ia a graceful and womanly ponrtrayal. Tho obiof opportunities of tho part lie in the firbt act, and hero Mies Spong is at her best. The difficult interview with Darville is per suasively and delicately played ; the gladness at the return of Thornton exoellently sug gested, and the apprehension and anguish of the following scenes are depicted with force and pathos, not the loss poignant because they are woll restrained. Throughout the port Miss Spong io natural and pleasing.' Tho latest London Gaiety success is ' The Circus Girl.' Miss Ethel Haydon plays the circus girl. Of her first night performance a London paper says ! — ' Pretty Miss Ethel Haydon who appeared arrayed in tho short skirts of her profession, and in. her pink dress looked perfectly beautiful as she was helped on to her horse. Then it was that one noticed this bare-back rider, was wearing high-heeled shoes. Result — the' picture was spoilt, the artistic harmony of the wbolo destroyed.' Miss Spong couldhave had the principal part in the London production of ' The Sorrows of Satan' but for a prior engagement to appear at the Princess's Theatre in 'Two Little Vagabonds.' On' Thursday Mr, Harold Aehton, the busi- ness manager at Her1 Majesty's, left for the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne On the some day Mr. George Tallia arrived here from the Princess's on a short visit.; ! Mr. T. P. Hudson gets oolumns of favorable 'notice in the Calcutta papers. Misses Stan bridge and Violet Elliott seem to be speqial favorites with the- public, and of 'Tommy' himself they, never seem to tire. ? Mr. John . Wnllaco, Btego-mannge? at: Her Majosty's, was the recipient during the' week of a humorously designed souvenir from' the . gentlemen constituting the King's Ethiopian Guard. '. : ...Mr. Barney Levy,, representing Mr. Dan Barry, is in town arranging for a dramatio Boasou hers at 'popular prioca. Mr. Levy yesterday colobratod his 21ot year in the business. The Bovis Bros, and 'My Fancy' are dancing a triple statue olog at tho Palaoe. Mir. Stack, of Wilton and Staok, does some remarkable somersaults during their bar performance at tho Palaoe. The . mandoline turn by the Winterton Sistors and the Three Dele vines at the Palace is an extremely attractive item. Mr. Lohr writes to say that it is unlikely that Mr. Thornton's company will play over land to Sydney, as was at first intended, ?One of the ladies engaged in 'The Geisha,'1 at London Gaiety, is suing a captain of the Royal Irish for .£10,000 damages for breach of promise. ? The Pollards put on a pantomime at the Corinthian Theatre, Calcutta, on Boxing Night. It was entitled *' The Goose Girl, or the Witch Bewitched and the Fairy Frolics.' One time the late Bessio Bollwood was playing in a pantomime at Manchester. When the curtain fell she remarked : — 'It's the firBfc time I. over played Robinson Crusoe with a brace ot goats butting me in the dress improver 'all-the time \'-'- ? ?????? Madame Sarah; Berrihardt seems to do every thing well. The Frenoh critics are enthu siastic, not only over her aoting of a, man's part in Alfred de Mussett's drama, ' Loren zacoio,' at the Renaissance, but also over her fencing. It would seom that she rehearsed the duel with her son, who is an accomplished fenoer. The athletes of Sydney attended at Her Majesty's in some force — though not in any thing like the numbors one would have expected— on Friday evening to see some special feats done by Lucifer. A committee o£ experts, introduced in a neat -'speech by Mr. \i. Coombes, president of the Amateur Athletio .Association, was present on the stage, and supervised the various events. ?A medical authority says that tho study of mnsio does not conduce to personal beauty. -The skin of the face becomes full and baggy, especially about the eyes and throat, filled out with local accumulations of fat. The nose becomes shapeless and. characterless, and differs essentially from tho clear-cut nose of a man of intellect. The eyes grow prominent and dull, and the mouth loose and undeter mined. The hair is unduly stimulated. Therefore bald persons should take lessons at once. ? _ Perry's Jnbilee Circus is on the Northern rivers. Good business was done for five nights at Port Macquarie. When the Hons. Cook and Young ? visited that sleepy township Perry's Band met them on their arrival and played them to their hotel. Rather a novel experience for the pious P.M.G. to be escorted by a circus band. The show will be in Sydney for Easter. The route is as follows: — Bulla- delah, January 2f- ; then Gloucester, Stroud, Dungog, Maitland, and Newcastle. Mr. Herbert Terry, the juvenile lead of the Frank Thornton Company, talking to a Mel bourne Champion interviewer, said : — ' My father has never ceased to speak of the hospi tality and kindness he received in the colonies, and I find, the people over here very kind — .provided you don't call on them with letters of introduction; ' I have many such letters, but I don't think I shall have the courage to present them after the oxperience I've had with the few I have delivered.' The Amy Suerwin Company had some humorous experiences with the soenery when they attempted ' Faust ' at Maritzburg (S.A). ' We had sometimes to put up one set of scenery and leave it on for the whole even ing, quito regardless of the exigencies of the piece. ' The caretaker, for instance, had no proper garden soene-for ' Faust,' bo he had to lash up boughs and things. Of course, it was impossible to take these down quickly, so. we had to leave them up for tho prison scene ! After all theaa difllcultiea, wo 'developed splendid ? imaginations, and now we can imagine anything.'' Subscriber asks .-—What theatres did Mr. Walter i!ent!oy play at whilst in Sydney ? Did he ever appear at the Garriok Theatre before appearing at the Criterion Theatre? In reply, Mr. T. Foster, who was stage manager for tbeoompany, informs us that Mr. Bentley played at the Garrick from June 4, 1892, to July 8. , He then went to the Princess's, Melbourne, during August and Sep tember, and re-opened in Sydney at the Criterion on September 2, 1893. In the faoo of conflicting1 rumors the follow ing from the AtjsTiiALAs'rAN is satisfactory reading : — There is oniy another week of Mr. Frank Thornton'eseason to run, as the tenaoy of the Bijou:. Theatre then passes back to Mr. Brough, and ' The Strange Adventures of Miss Brown' will have sufficed for the entire five weeks. This is no siight record for a farcical comedy to achieve in Melbourne. Mr. Thorn ton has been able to get some snch run out -Jf it as ' The Private Secretary,' ' The Magistrate,' 'and 'Charley's Aunt ' enjoyed. The other night two ladies were very con spicuous ' in evening dress in the dress circle of one of tho Sydnoy theatres. It subse quently transpired thafc they were men mas' quorading in women's clothes. Under the auspjoes of the Brotherhood Mission, Pastor L.*S. Dudloy will to-night at tile Manchester Unity Hall, Castlereagh street, give his experiences of Darlinghurst Gaol, where ^ho has recently undergone a short term of imprisonment for the heinous offence of loitering. The following have been engaged by Mr. A M'Cauley for1 Boudi Aquarium on Anniversary Day :— Jackson (the tight-rope walker), the Zobinios in their bicycle turn, Mr. George H. Jones, Miss Florrie Wallace, Miss Emilie Davis, Mdlle. Murielle, Miss Daisy Vallet (sifHeuse), Messrs. Ted Wailaoe and Will Chambers (end men)', Signqr Mortani and Mdlle. Cariotta (trapeze artists). There will be dancing on the lawu and in the pavilion, Punoh and Judy, swinging - boats, camera obBCura, and a valuable prize will be drawn for at 4 o'clock, for which every person will have a chance. ? Says tho Home News : — ' Mdme. Elsa May, an Australian prima donna of- high merit, who has siing dramatio soprano parts with much sucoeas at Melbourne and elsewhere, in her native land, gavo a conoert, on the afternoon of December 1-0- . under distinguiBhed patro nage, at Lady Phillimor's, Eaton Place. Her fine resonant voioe would be more effective in a concert' hall than in a drawing-room. But she gave abundant proofs of her talent in various styles, and in pieces so opposito in charaoter ao Leonora's first air in the ' Trovii tore ' and Gounod's * Ave Maria '—one so passionate, the other so pure. Mdme. May was perfeotly accompanied by Miss Tonuant, who, besides conspicuous ability aa a pianist, possesses full sympathy with vocal musio, which pianists sometimes lack.' A Chicago dispatch to a Now York paper of November 30 Says :— -' A Sensation that would have shocked and scandalised the English nobility, and penetrated even to the circle of royalty, was averted by the sudden death in Australia, on Sunday last, of Sadie Mocdonald. On Friday of last .week advices were' received in Chicago from Melbourne to the effect that no less a personage than the Earl of Shaf teB bury had become enamored of the froliooomo soubrette, who for several months had boon starring the colonies in Hoyt's 'Trip to Chinatown.' . Announcements of their engage ment had been made at the oluba and in theatrical cirolos.it was said, and color had been given to the story, according to rumor, by the fact that tho Earl bad preaentod her with diamond ornaments aggregating in value about 50,000dol. While the advioos came from an authoritative souroe, the possibility of a salon of the house of Shaftesbury indulg ing, in even a flirtation with a soubrette appeared so remote that a cablegram was oant to the family mansion iu London seeking information concerning his whereabouts, and it was learned that the Earl of Shaftesbnry was actually ha Melbourne, serving temporarily as aide-de-camp to Lord Srossoy, the eminent naval authority. The London cable stating this fact, whioh lent a partial oorroboration to the story that tbe Earl had found an affinity in the Amorio&n; soubrette, reached Chicago almost simultaneously with tho briof message from the other end of the world that Sadie Macdonald hod passed away.' . ' The newsboys aro the most attentive play goers. Mr.' C. R. Stanford, who played a small part in 'Tommy Atkins,' was walking dowii' King-street the other day. Three youifgsters were sitting on a doorstep. As ho passed one of them spoke one of his lines, another followed, and the third concluded with ' Wo don't wnnt any truck with ye,' a line Bpoten by Mr. Stanford to Mr. Plimmer. The incident is of interest, as showiug how closely they follow a play. If thoy could pick up the disjointed linoa of Mr. Stanford's part how would they reel off long lengths of Mr. Plimmer's, or Miss Hughes' partP Concerning the Cat King's exhibition in the Melbourne pantomime, somebody writes to the Champion as follows: — '1 confess to being somewhat disappointed with Leoui Clarke's exhibition of trained animals at the Princess's Theatre. As you said, many of his. animals are 'supers,' and pinching the tails of oats iu order to make them bolt into a box and hide is surely but a poor, sample of what can be done with that animal. As for the boxing oats, does not Clarke practically hold them up all tho time ? As a great lover for many years of cats and dogs, and under standing them thoroughly, or nearly so, I do confess Leoni Clarke disappoints me.' Madame Emily Soldene is once more back in Australia. Interviewed by an Etkning News representative she said, amongst other interesting things: — 'I hope, on reaching Sydney to settle down. George Edwardes is likely to stage ' Tbe Geisha ' in Australia. ' It ia the height of luxury in artistic effect. It is a beautiful piece, delightfully improved, and will take iu Australia, being light and spark ling, and, liko our climate, plenty of pretty giriB dressed to suit the climate. The latest bon-bouohe is that Mr. Farren Soutar, son of Nellie Farren, has broken his engagement to Mary Kate Cutler, because of the intervention of Mr. Charles Ryley respecting some of his Australian coups.' One of the most humorous incidents in ' Cheer, Boys, Cheer,' occurs iu the very first scene. Fitzdavis, the arch-plotter (played at the Royal by Mr. Harry Plimmer), in order to impress the somewhat unsuspicious Jew, invents mysterious conversations through an unconnected telephone. Of course the Roths childs figure in these. To the great amuse ment of the brothers Rothschild, who were present on the first night of the drama at DruryLane, London, they were treated in the most off-hand mannor ; told to wait until Mr. FitzdaviB was disengaged, or else take their business somewhere else. Even the mild reply that Mr. Rothschild would do himself the honor of oaliing round was treated most condescendingly. London pupora say that Baron Rothsohild quito cried with laughter at this burlesque. From Messrs. Nicholson and Co. we have received a copy of the second edition of their popular '' Australian Musical Magazine.' It is an excellent publication, and will assuredly have a ready sale. Gardiner's monster family picnio at Sir JoBoph Banks' Grounds, Bobauyj is one of the attractions for Anniversary Day. There will be dancing, variety shows, sports, &o.;, and a holiday social at P aldington Town Hall at night. 