HUNTING. ADELAIDE HUNT CLUB. [By Follower.] Tho meet on Saturday was at the Marryat ville Hotel, and at the appointed iiour there was a large muster, both of hunting men and of the road contingent. The weather appeared in the morning to bo very promising for a smart run, as the ground was in good condition; and fortunately for those who were out tho rain held off, and by the time we got "to tho kill it was as pleasant an afternoon ascould bo wished for, so that aH those who saw tho run could congratulate themselves upon having spent a mo3t enjoyable afternoon. At tho third fence Tho Ghost gave his rider an ugly-looking fall, but fortunately afteif being driven back to town he was able to go about as usual. The start took place near the schoolhouse over a nice club fence into Messrs. Cooper & Sons' paddocks. Then a nice little doublo over tho Avenue and an easterly route took us via a doublo into tho South Australian Company's paddocks, which are in tho occupation of Mr. J. Creswoll. Wheeling to tho loft, the Kensington-road double landed us in Mr. W. Pile's field, and another fence brought us into the Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Company's paddock. Thenco they headed for the hills, and turned off to tlio leftover Mr. Lilly white's paddock, then along a road till the Magill road was crossed, and over the pad docks of Mr. Colville, Mr. Hunt, Mf. Wilson, Mr. Burden, Mr. Moule, and a stiff post and rail into Mr. J. S. Reid's Rostrovor property. After jumping on . to the road, as Mr. Reid docs not happen .»? be in the colony, Mr. W. A. Wood had thoughtfully provided some light pefreBhments, which were partaken of on the picturesque lawn. After a few minutes' check, and while we were admiring the lovely . gardens and pretty view, came a quick call to horse. Getting away we were soon galloping across the pretty park at Stradbroke, the property of Mr. Pearoe, where there are some real good fences oyer a familiar line of country, and after following a little piece of road they jumped into Mr. Maurice's property, and there we jumped some half-dozen or so of good club fences, till we got into Mr. A. Foxs land, and reaching the foot of the hills found the going a bit rougher. The kill took place in the paddock of Mr. Addison. Amongst the held we were pleased^ to notice a new member, Mr. A. Sells, on Curiosity, and it is to be hoped his example will be followed by many others. ' Hunting is one of the finest sports we know, and no doubt our new member will be the most eager of all to wish that next Saturday should come quickly. The others were:—The Master, Mr. F. H. Downer, on Kingfish, Messrs. F. Donaghy on Jackeroo, H. D. Young on Lubra, W. A. Wood on Alma, H. C. Cave on Ringwood, J. T. Love on Explorer, D. Waite on Skyscraper, T. McFie on Imon, F. J. Gray ou Brownie, F. S. "Toms on Quick shot, G. A. Roe on Warringie, A. G. Hay ou Sneaker, A. Edwards ou Tarradale, aud Collins, the Huntsman, on Aberdeen. Der rick rode Little Bob with the drag, aud out for qualifications were Barnes on Gyrus (a _ horse that went exceedingly well), Pitchford " ou Postal, D, MacCallum on Overwood Burns on Terror. Some of our hunting members followed around on the roads waiting for their horses' reoovery. After such a smart and warm ride, the Master kindly invited the members to come into his hospitable home at Hilltop, where a parting stirrup-cup—of tea or otherwise — and light refreshments put a finishing touch to a very pleasant after noon's sport. Then all had to jog along home wards, and talk of the wonderful deeds of their respective nags, how the new ones are shaping, and so forth until the near approach of the city parted the oompany for a week. Mr. Hooper, who had a fall from The Gho3t, was afterwards taken to Miss Wilsou's Private Hospital, Norwood, where it was found that he had sustaiucd an internal injury. The patient is, however, doing well, and it is expected that in a fortnight ho will be able to leave the hospital. 