NEWS AND NOTES. VICE-REGAL. — His Excellency the Governor and Lady Smith returned to Government House from Rottnest yester- day afternoon. LEAVE OP ABSENCE.—Mr. Harwood, of the Public Works Department, has, we understand, been granted six months leave of absence from about the end of the month. He intends to take a trip to England CHURCH OF THE FUTURE.—At 7.30 to- morrow evening Mr. A. B. Martin will conclude his series of addresses in the Christian Chapel, Lake-street, preaching on the "Church of the Future." FREMANTLE BAPTIST CHURCH.—In the Imperial Hall, Market-street, this church will hold services to-morrow. These will be conducted by the pastor, the Rev. Thos. Adcock, at 11 a.m. and 7 pm. THE PERTH BAPTIST CHURCH.—This Church will hold services to-morrow in the Oddfellows' Hall, Hutt-street, when the Rev. A. S. Wilson will preach at 11 a.m. and 7.30 p.m. FEDERAL CONVENTION.—A Government Gazette extraordinary contains a proclama- tion by His Excellency the Governor con- vening the Federal Council at Adelaide. The Convention is to meet at noon on the 22nd inst. in Parliament House, Adelaide. JOHNSTON MEMORIAL CHURCH, FRE- MANTLE.—The pastor of this church, the Rev. W. F. Turton, will conduct both ser- vices to-morrow. In the morning, the sub- ject of Mr. Turton's discourse will be "An All-Containing Vision," and in the evening the title of his address will be "A Day of Covenant." THE COMMISSIONER OP RAILWAYS.—Mr. F. H. Piesse, the Commissioner of Railways, left the city for Katanning by yesterday afternoon's Albany train. The other dele- gates to the Federal Convention will leave the city by to-day's train, and they will be joined by Mr. Piesse on the arrival of that train at Katanning. MELVILLE WATER PARK ESTATE.—The s.s. Melville will run as usual to-morrow (Sunday) to the Melville Water Park Es- tate, leaving Lawrence's jetty at 11 a.m. Persons desirous of seeing the estate may obtain tickets from Mr. E. J. Rodoreda, Eagle Chambers, Hay-street. COTTESLOE CONVALESCENT HOME. — (Written applications for the position of ptatron to the Convalesces Homo at Cottesloe -Beach will be received by the ton. secretary, Mrs. Alfred Burt, up to ¿Tuesday, the 30th of March. The salary Attached to the position is .£60 per annum. , CONGREGATIONAL SERVICES.-The Rev. W. T. Kench will conduct both services in trinity Congregational Church to-morrow, the Rev. J. Thomas, who is on a visit from South Australia, will preach in the Con -pregational Church at West Perth to- morrow morning, and at Claremont in the livening. THE IJUEEN'S DIAMOND JUBILEE.-It has, we understand, been decided by the Jlinister for Education to have upwards of J.0,000 silver medals struck for distribution ¿mongst the children attending the public Bohools of the colony, in celebration of the JQueen's Diamond Jubilee. The medals »rill be ordered from London. THE CONDEMNED AFGHAN.-The case of the condemned Afghan, Jumma Khan, was considered at a special meeting of the Executive Council yesterday. After going jarefully into the facts of the case it was decided to advise His Excellency the Governor not to interfere with the sen- tence of death passed at the last Criminal Cessions. TO-DAY'S ISSUE.-With to-day's issue is published a two-page supplement. This gontains in addition to general news the final instalment of the serial "Morning EParts at the end of the World," and the eginning of another story. Advertise- ments appear under the headings public notices, business announcements, racing, insurance, etc. DEPARTURE OP THE FEDERAL CONVEN RÖK DELEGATES.-To-day the Premier, gir John Forrest, together with the other jäelegatos elected to represent this colony kt the Federal Convention to be hold in 'Adelaide on March 22 and subsequent Sates, will leave by the mail train at 3 »'clock in order to catch the eastward bound mail steamer Ballarat. Tax INSPECTOR-GENERAL OP SCHOOLS. )A communication has been received by the tinder-Secretary for Education from the Inspector-General of Schools (Mr. Cyril lockson) to the effect that he is recovering from his illness, but proposes returning to Perth at once. Mr. Jackson's illness did not develope into typhoid as it was feared it would, but was a severe attack of dysentry. "THE LOST EXPLORERS.-Yesterday the Postmaster General, Mr. R. A. Sholl, re- ceived the following message from the postmaster at Fitzroy:-"Mr. L. Wells and party left here yesterday evening for Joanna Springs. The party are in good iealtli. If successful in crossing the desert Mr. Wells intends going into Nullagine or Bamboo Creek, whichiaexDaotitoieach in tiro m.gs,th&£ WESLEY CHURCH, PERTH.-The Rev. John Thomas will officiate in the Wesley Church, to-morrow morning, and will preach on the subject "East and "West." The Rev. Thomas Bird, of Guildford, is an- nounced to preach in the evening, and will give an address on " Christ Besought to Leave the Country." The solo and chorus, "Seek Te the Lord," will be sung hythe choir. The gallery is reserved for visitors, PERTH PUBLIC HOSPITAL.-The resident medical officer at the Perth Public Hospital reperts that during the past wcek_ 23 patients were admitted to that institution, and 26 were discharged. One died, viz,, Elizabeth Thompson, aged 42. The patients remaining in the hospital number 72, of whom 43 are haing treated for typhoid. Tho out-patientä treated during the weekmunbered 112, and the re-attend- ances 191. BREAKSEA SIGNAL STATION. - Spoken to yesterday in regard to the state- ments made recently in the press that the Government had neglected to fulfil a promise to have a Lloyd's sign?! station established at Breaksea Island, off Albany, the Premier, Sir John Forrest, stated that he could not under- stand the charge, as the station had been established some time ago and the ship- ping companies had been notified of the i fact. EXPORT OP GOLD.-By the steamer Rockton, which left for the Eastern colonies last night, eight boxe3 of gold were exported to Melbourne. Five boxes containing l,749oz. were consigned from the "Western Australian Bank to the Bant i of New South Wale3, and three boxes con- taining l,246oz. were shipped to tho Union I Bank, Melbourne, from their branch here. i ALLEQED THEFT OF MEAT.-In conuec I tion with the alleged theft by a policeman of meat from the shop of Messrs. Holmes Bros., in Hay-street, early on Thursday morning, Mr. J. J. Holmes yesterday laid informations against Constable Green and an employee of the firm, named Twiltem, for the larceny of a pisce of beef. The case will be heard in the police court this morning. ADVERTISING EXTRAORDINARY. - Under the title of the "Ascent of Satan's daughter to earth and her first visit to the city of Perth," the Garden Island pro pi-ietors have inserted in our special columns an allegorical and wierd adver- | tisement, which the author describes as ' semi-Swinburniau, semi-Garden Island. It is intended as a denunciation of the in- sanitary condition of Perth and the fields, and a cordial invitation to all to buy allot- ments and take refuge in Garden Island. The auction sale takes place to-night. LAND RESUMPTION.-Yesterday's Govern- ment Gazette contained a notification of the resumption of land in Perth, Guildford, and the Swan, for the purposes of the Eastern railway. In the Swan district portions of Swan Location R and El, and in Guildford portions of Town Lots 9,10,11, and 12 were taken on the 19th inst. On the same day there weie taken in the city of Perth for tho purpose of the Havelock street crossing, portions of S 20 and 21, and V 111. THE NORTH FREMANTLE ELECTORATE. Mr. D. J. Doherty, of the firm of Messrs. Connor and Doherty, wishes us to contra- dict a rumour which has been spread about in Fremantle that he does not intend to j contest the seat for the North Fremantle I electorate in the appreaching campaign. Mr. Doherty states that he has every in- tention of coming forward, and that he will take an early opportunity of address- ing the electors of North Fremantle. THE CITT WATER SUPPLY.-The Health Officer, in accordance with the desire of the City Council, has obtained three samples of the city water supply for analy- sis. One was taken from the "Victoria reservoir, one from the calyx boie, and the third from the inain=. These have been i sent by Dr. O'Connor to Dr. Gresswell, the ' president of the Melbourne Board of Health, whom he has asked to procure an analysis of the water, and report the result to him by telegraph. The samples were forwarded to Dr. Gresswell on Thursday. HEALTH OF THE CITT.-The health in- spector, Dr. O'Connor, reported yesterday to the health committee that there were 20 cases of typhoid as against 29 cases the previous week, and two cases of diphtheria. There were 60 cose3 of typhoid in the city at present. Since his last report 50 cases had been admitted to the Subiaco Hospital and 43 discharged. There were at present 53 cases in the hospital, and no deaths had occurred. He thought that the health of the city was slightly improved, but they could not expect much improvement until they get the drains. BORING FOR WATER AT COOLGARDIE. We understand from the Director of Public Works (Mr. F. H. Piesse) that the officials at Coolgardie have so far bored to a total depth of 1,000ft. in the effort to obtain a supply of water. Up to the present, however, their efforts have proved unsuccossfal, as no signs of water have been met with, and the bore is still in the same sort of granite as that reported on some weeks ago. The work is to be con- tinued to a depth of 3,000ft. unless Parlia- ment, when it next meets, should decide otherwise, PERTH LODGE OV THE THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY.-A meeting of this society waa held at the rooms above the Perth Book Depot, in William-street, on Thursday. The newly-elected president, Mr. Montagu Miller, presided. A chapter from the "Secret Doctrine/' Madame Blavatsky's principal work, was read, ia which the Darwinian Theory was criticised. Some of the visitors took part in the ensuing dis- cussion. Mr. Montagu Miller will deliver his presidential address at the next meet- ing, on Thursday, the 1st April. THE REV. W. TOUCHELL.-The Rev. W. Touchell, minister in charge of the Wesley Church at North Fremantle during the past year, will preach his farewell sermon at North Fremantle to-morrow morning, taking for his subject, " Back to the Holy Ghost." Mr. Touchell will also conduct an open-air service at East Fremantle at 6.15 p.m., and will preach at South Fremantle at 7.30 p.m. On Tuesday Mr. Touchell will leave on a holiday for a month to Adelaide, and on his return he will immediately proceed to Greenough, to which station he was appointed by the Conference recently held in Adelaide. SETTLEMENT ON THE GREAT SOUTHERN RAILWAY.-A return which the Commis- sioner of Crown Lands (Mr. G. Throssell) has just had prepared in connection with the selections approved on the Great Southern Railway, since the Government purchased the lands, is a most satisfactory document. Under the residence clauses 43 applications were approved, covering a total area of 11,026 acres, and under the non-residence clauses there were five ap- plications approved, with an area of 735 acres. Besides these it appears from the report that six applications for homestead farms have been granted, with an area of 960 acres. BANKRUPTCY.-The following were ga- zetted yesterday :-Receiving Order : Se John Henry "King, saw-miller, Helena River, 12th inst. Public Examinations : Re H. Branch and H. T. Branch (Branch and Co.), storekeepers. Paddington, April 5th. First Meeting : Re H. Branch and H. T. Branch, April 7th. Notice of payment of Scheme -. Be R. M. Mackay and E. J. Mackay (Roberts & Mackay), general merchants, late of Southern Cross, first and final, 9s. 6£d. in the £, payable 22nd inst. Notice of intended dividend : Re G. Napier, con- tractor, Perth, proofs received up to April 9th. CORK OAK.-As there is now some talk of introducing cork oak into this colony it is interesting to note that some years ago the Conservative of Forests (Mr. J. Ednie Brown) was the means of bringing a number of these trees into South Aus- tralia. They were obtained from Mr. W. C. Tait, ef Oporto, Portugal. The tree3 thrived very well in the South Australian sou. Mr. Brown is of opinion that they would grow successfully here and he in- tends to endeavour to secure the pecmisson of the Minister to plant some. One or two specimens of this species may be seen in the Government botanical gardens. ACCIDENT TO INSPECTOR NEWLAND. A report was received at the police station at 7.20 last evening that Captain C. N. C. Newland, Inspector of Police, had met with an accident. The report stated that Inspector Newland, while riding a bicycle in Hutt-street, was run over by a carrier's cart driven by J. J. Ryan, opposite the Great Western Hotel. The Inspector was thrown heavily to the ground, one of tho wheels of the cart passing over-his chest and causing severe injuries. He was picked up and carried into the Great Western Hotel, and medical assistance was sent for. The injuries were not found to be of a serious nature. PLASTERERS' SOCIETY. - The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Plasterers' Society was held at Jacoby's Hotel last evening. The president occupied the chair, and there was a large attendance. It was decided to refund the last instalment of the strike levy, amounting to 6s. psr head, to the contributors. A balance of ¿El 10s. was placed to the credit of the society. Mr. Davis was appointed a delegate to the Trades and Labour Council in the place of Mr. Pilley. It was decided to hold a smoke concert and social at an early date, and öfter formal matters of business were dealt with before the meering closed. CITY SCAVENGING.-With regard to the scavenging and cleansing of the city, the Sanitary Manager reported to the Health Committee, yesterday, that the contractors were progressing satisfactorily with the rubbish bins, and there were now 300 i ready for use. The scavenging had pro- gressed much more satisfactorily during the last week. The number of carts in use for scavenging were ten, two of which were on special work ; the other eight were on regular rounds daily. Ho expected within a fortnight to have a thorough sys- tem inaugurated through the city within a mile radius of the Town Hall. Four more carts were being built by the contractors, which when complete would, ho thought, he sufficient for the whole work. These would be completed next week by the con- tractors. SANITARY SERVICE EXPENSES.-A state- ment of receipts and expenditure, the lat- ter being the working expenses of the the sanitary service, for the period in- cluded between the 1st November, 1898, and 25th February, 1897, has been pre- pared by the officers of the Health and Sanitary Committee. Tho receipts for sanitary fees amouuted to ¿62,153 5s. 6d.; Government contract, .£218 4s. Id.; mis- cellaneous, .6113 13s. (id.; and rubbish service, ¿184.17s. 9d.; total, ¿2,670 0s. lOd. This, with ¿3306 43. 2d. brought over from November 1. gave a total of ¿2,976 5s. The disbursements amounted to ¿2,878 9s. Id.. this including ¿1,612 wages, ¿180 6s. 8d. salaries, and ¿483 12s. Id. for fodder The credit balance on the 25th of February was ¿97 los. lid. THE QUEEN'S COMMEMORATION.-A meet- ing of Fremantle ladies was held in the local council chamber yesterday afternoon, to taka steps to join in the presentation of a congratulatory address to the Queen upon the occasion of the record celebra- tions. The draft of the address, as pre- pared by the Perth committee, was agreed to, and it was also determined io endow a bed in the Cottesloe Convalescent nome, towards which laudable object every woman in Fremantle will be asked to con- tributo. A committee of management was selected, with Mrs. J W Hops as presi- dent, Mrs. Saphir. as secretary, and Mi'3. Percy as treasurer. Twenty-four ladies were chosen to collect subscriptions. The town and suburbs were marked off into divisions, and tho collectors will visit each house with a request that the women in- mates will contribute a silver coin of some kind towards the convalescent bed endow- ment fund. Mrs. Hope presided over the meeting, which will be repeated in two weeks' time, so that progress may be re- ported. THE PERTH HEBREW CONGRÉGATION. The Rev. D. J. Freedman has been appointed to the position of minister of the Perth Hebrew congregation. The com- mittee of election . were the Rev. Dr. Adeen, Chiof Rabbi ; Rev. S. Singer, aud Sir Samuel Montagu, M.P. Mr. Freedman is 22 years of age and was educated at the Jews' and University Collages. At the London Univarsity he matriculated in the first division in 1891, passed the inter- mediate examination in arts, first division, in 1893, and obtained the B.A. degree in 1894\. He was awarded the A. S. Palmer scholarship for three years in 1893, and the Edward Henry Biddington scholarship f»r three years in 1895. He has twico gained the Evelina essay prize. Since* 1893 ho has acted .is hon. secretary to tbo Toynbee Literary Readers Union, where he has' read papers. Mr. Freedraau, as preacher, has occupied many pulpits in London, and has also preached at North- ampton and Bristol. - He has contributed some essays to the Jewish Quarterly Review, and has for several years taught at the School Board religion classes. Mr. Freedman is expected to arrive in this colony by the Ophir next week, and it is understood that steps are being taken by the Jewish community to give him a formal reception. ASSAULT ON A CONSTABLE. - Late on Thursday night a rather serious assault was perpetrated upon Constable Johnson, of the Fremantle water-police force. A knot of young men had gathered in front of the Pier Hotel, and were engaged in a squabble. Johnson, with Water-police Constable Browning, hastened to the spot to ascertain the cause of the noise. They had just joined the group of men when Johnson was struck a violent blow on the sido of the head, which knocked him to the ground in an insensible condition. It is stated that Frederick Powell, a cattleman engaged on the steamer Tangier, was the assailant. Powell ran off round the corner into Croke stree'j, with Browning at his heels, but he managed to get away. Constable Johnson was conveyed to the seaside station, and afterwards to his home, where he was attended by Dr. Hope. The blow on the head inflicted a nasty wound, which, how- ever, is not of a dangerous nature. Johnson remained in a dazed state for some time, and will be confined to his bed for a week. A warrant was issued for Powell's arrest, and yesterday he was apprehended and lodged in the lock-up. He will be formally brought before the court to-day. FREEMASONRY AT HELENA VALE.-The ceremony of the consecration of the Lodge of Friendship, 2618 E.C., took place at the Freemasons' Hotel, Helena Vale, on Thurs- day, the 18th inst. The ceremony was performed by D.G.M. A. J. Wright, assiste! by the Very Rev. Dean Goldsmith, PJ5.G. Chaplain, in the presence of a large num- ber of Masons, including the D.G. Sec, P.M. Bro. Hussey, P.M. Bro. Sherwood, D.G.S.W., P.G. Chaplain Bro. Rabbi Saun- ders, Bro. E. Pretty, D.G. Sec. S.C., Bro. Alex. Stevenson, J.W., Bonnie Doon 839 S.C, Bro. J. M. Laing, D.C., Bonnie Doon 839 S.C, and other brethren. On the con- clusion of the ceremony of consecration the lodge was called uS and resumed for installation, which was ably performed by D.G. Sec, P.M. Bro. Hussey, with assistance from the W.M. and officers of St. John's, 485 E.C. After the closing-of the lodge the brethren sat down to a banquet pro- vided by Bro. Hiscox »t the Freemasons' Hotel, when the usual Masonic toasts were proposed and a pleasant evening was spent. WESTERN AUSTRALIAN- TIMBER IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES.-It is encouraging to find that the gold«mining industry is not the only one that affords this colony good advertisements. From a recent communication received by the Conserva- tor of Forosts (Mr. J. Ednie Brown), it would appear that our jarrah, karri, and redgum timber is being successfully grown at Oporto, in Portugal. The few trees upon which the experiment was made were, of course, mainly for ornamental purposes, but no doubt this experiment will in time be the means of demonstrating to the people of Portugal the good qualities of our hardwood timbers. From the same letter Mr. Brown ascertained that the Aus- tralian eucalypti have also been largely introduced into the country with a view of checking the miasma arising from the large areas of swamp land there. Another use to which the latter are being put is the manufacture of sticks for tho vine trees. In these connections the Tas- manian blue gum. Eucalyptus globule, seems to bo the best owing to its rapid growth and owing to its x^roviding more anti-malarial action than any other of our eucalypti. THE WANTS OP MOUNT LEONORA.-Mr. Wisdom, of Mount Leonora, who waited on the Minister for Mines and Posts and Telegraphs recently, presented the follow- ing requests on behalf of the local progress committee and residents:-(1) A vote of ¿500 for the formation of streets and the clearing away of the scrub from the sur- rounding country and extending the main road; (2) ¿250 for the Board of Health for latrines and to secure a refuse site; (3) that a track should be cleared from Menzies to Mount Leonora-about 50 miles in length-via the 18-Mile; (4) that a telo graph line should be.cwurtmciMinto the townsite of Leonora, instead of passing by the place two miles distant, as at present ; and (5) that a weekly mail service should be established between Menzies and Mount Leenora, instead of a fortnightly one. The Minister, in replying, said that some of the requests referred to matters outside his departments altogether. Such requests he would refer to the Ministerial heads of those departments, while those which concerned the departments over which he presided he would carefully consider. THE ALLEGED THEFT BY A CONSTABLE. -We are informed that the constable who was suspended upon a charge of stealing meat from the premises of Messrs. Holmes Bros., butchers, of Hay-street, has been arrested upon a warrant issued in the name of the firm. He will probably he called upon to answer to the charge at the police court this morning. Bail has been allowed. ARREST OP A GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL. Mr. William Randell, a civil serrant em- ployed in the Stores Branch of the Public Worla Department, was conveyed to the watcbhouse at about 8 o'clock last evening upon a charge of a serious nature. It is alleged that Mr. Randell has appropriated to his own use moneys, amounting in all to .£250, belonging te the Government. The matter was placed in the hands of Detec- tive Condon, who arrested the accused last evening upon warrant. Mr. Randell was allowed, out on bail, and will appear before Mr. Cowan, P.M., this morning. INQUEST AT FREMANTLE.-An inquest wash9ld at Fremantle yesterday on the body of John Nelson, a lighterman, who was drowned on St. Patrick's night. Nelson was engaged on the lighter Anthon^. Whilst under the influence of drink he slid down a pile at the Fremantle jetty with the idea of entering a boat, so as to go off to the lighter. On one side of the pile a cross or waling-piece was bolted, and on the cross-piece it was, no doubt, Nelson's intention to step. But he slipped down the pile on the wrong side, and being un- able to stop himself, dropped into the water. He rose once only, gave a sigh, and disappeared, his body, being recovered seme half-hour afterwards. Projecting from the pile was a large bolt, and as there was a long graze an inch in width on the front of Nelson's body, it was evident that in sliding down the pile he must have raked himself on the boll. Two companions named William McDine and Stephen Procter, saw the .fatal act, but were unable to l-escue NelsoH. The jury (Messrs. James Burns, James Back, and Charles Henry Pierce) returned a verdict of death by accidental drowning. THE MENZIES MAILS.-In the report of an interview which Cr. H. Mahon, editor of the Menzies Miner, had with the Postma>=ter General, Mr. R. A. Shell, on Wednesday last, and which was supplied te us by Mr. Mahon himself, if; was stated that, " Cr. Mahon then pointed out that the outward Eastern mails invariably closed at Menzies on Sunday night, bat they wore not despatched from Albany until the following Saturday. This meant chat a letter for Melbourne would occupy ten days in tran- sit, so far as the sender and receiver were concerned, but of this len days no less than six were ocenpied in land carriage. The Postmaster-General admitted the grievance, and premised that he would certainly have enquiries made inte the cause 6f what on" the face of it seemed au unnecessary delay." Mr. Sholl now says that the latter portion of the statement is noc accurate. When Mr. Mahon drew the Postmaster-General's attention to what he (Mr. Mahon) believed was a grievance, Mr. Sholl was able to demonstrate to him that instead of taking six days in transmission from Albany to Menzies, the Menzies mails as a matter of fact only took slightly over three, which" Mr. Mahon had to admit was a very different matter. RAILWAY ROLLING STOCK.-Returns have been prepared for the information of the Minister, of the engines landed, erected, and in course of erection, together with a list of railway rolling stock, for the weeks ended 6th and 13th March. The returns are as follows :-Return ef engines for week ended 6th March: Landed, 2; erected (class R), 4 ; under erection, 5 ; tefcal, 11. Old rolling stock repaired and issued io traffic for same week : Carriages, 2; high-sided vehicles, 6; bogie sheep trucks, 2; cool storage vans, 2; powder van, 1 ; low- siders, 4 ; covered geods, 0 ; brake van, 1; bogie goads, 32; bogie freight trucks, 2; cattle waggons (long), 1; and timber fieats, 1; "total, 58. New rolling stock issued te traffic during same week: Travelling water tanks, 2; bogie covered goods, 10; total, 12. Return of engines for week ended 13th March: Landed, 1 ; erected (class Q), 2 ; under erection, 5 ; total, 8. Old rolling stock re- paired and issued te traffic : Carriages, 1 ; cool storage vans, 2; timber floats, 6; brake vans, 2 ; horse boxes, 2 ; low-siders, 7; high-siders, 16; covered goods, 5; cattle waggons, 3 ; bogie freight trucks, 8 ; bogie goods vans, 4 ; travelling tank, 1 ; total, 56. New rolling stock issued to traffic : Bogie covered goods trucks, 5. THE AGRICULTURAL INDUSTRY.-It has frequently been stated in public lately that there is no other industry in this colony save that of mining. The Premier, in his speech at Bunbury, took very strong ex- ception to these random assertions, and said he would go as far as to say that they were "the utterances of the ignorant and the unpatriotic." These are the words of one who feels deeply this gross libel on his native land, but it is doubtful whether they will carry the same weight as a small return that the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Mr. G. Throssell) ha3 just had compiled, from the books of the Lands Office. From this paper it is seen that during the months of January and Feb- ruary free homestead farms to the extent .£ 11,500 acres, conditional purchases (resi- dence) to ibo extent »f 45,602 acres, and conditional purchases (non-rasidence) to the extent of 10,589 acres, had been selected and approved. When these figures are compared with the figures for the whole of the year 1895 a romarkably rapid increase in the land settlement of this colony is noticeable. For the year 1895-the fi-rures for the year 1S96 are not yet available 13,894 acres, in free homestead farms, 43,554 acres in conditional purchases (resi- dence), and 29,854 acres under conditional purchases (n'wi-residence) were selected. On comparing the total for the two months of this year with that of the whole of the year 1895 it will be ebserved that the briefer period only falls short of the longer one by something like 19.611 acres. A QUESTION OF ADJOURNMENT.-Mr. R. S. Haynes gained a neafc point in the Full Court yesterday afternoon. He was ap- pearing in support of an application to'set aside the judgment of the Coolgardie Local Court in an action taken by T. G. Vyner, a solicitor, against Thomas Cos- grove, claiming fifty guineas for legal costs. Mr. Finnerty, P.M., had given a verdict for the plaintiff in default of the appearance of the defendant, who now sought to obtain a new trial. In the absence of a certain affidavit a collapse of the case was imminent, and Mr. Haynes applied for an adjournment, in order that the necessary document might be pro- duced. Mr. George Parker, representing the respondent, opposed the application unless costs of the adjournment were forthcoming, and to this Mr. Haynes was not inclined to assent. But thara are more ways than one of gaining a point, and Mr. Haynes, with a side glance at the clock, prolonged the argument. Mr. Parker had risen to speak upon the ques- tion of costs as the clock was seen by the Chief Justice to point to several minutes after the usual time of rising. Mr. Haynes took in the situation, and hastened to prevent what might have been an adverse decision before the Court rose. "Mr. Parker is surely out of order in breaking in upon my opening address,'' he remarked. " Why, surely you have finished, Mr. Haynes ?" inquired the Chief Justice, but when that gentleman threatened to pro- ceed with his argument His Honour added, "Oh! then wo shall have to adjourn." "The Court will not sit on Saturday?" askad Mr. Haynes, and when an affirma- tive reply was given Mr. Haynes was satisfied that he had gained his point. Messrs. Clerk and Grimwood have in-their hands for Prirate Sale, the racehorses Best Man and Moonlight. Best Stan showed pace when he defeated Loch Isle some montis back, and Moonlight ran s¡> well in the recent Brush Steeplechase at Canning Park, when in poor condition, that he must be dangerous, ia fntuçe events of lik« charaeteB.). 