John Hallam's Wife (By Rosa Mulholland in the " Ave Maria." (Continued.) Mechanically I took my way to the old garden where I had first seen Mrs Halam. The full moon was shining with a splendour of greenish light about the dark masses of the trees, here and there casting fantastic shadows across the solitary pathway. As I went I saw myself face to face with the conviction that the enemy who had been persecuting Mrs. HalIam was of a preter- natural order. I had never before imagined that I had come in contact with the spirit world, and the idea shocked and bewildered me. Accustoming myself to the idea, how ever, I soon became conscious of a certain pleasurable excitement. To reassure my self that no earthly agency could have pro duced the experience, I recalled again and again every cirrcumstance of the morning's adventure. Standing in the garden, I reflected that this spirit — if spirit it were — must bo easily within call, seeing that it played so frequent a part in our daily affairs. Lingering by the old fountain, and watching the moon-silvered water trickling into the old basin, I thought that there could be not a better spot than this for an experiment. Having made up my mind I pressed the amulet on my arm and urgently called on the being who hadl confronted me in the morning to approach me now. The words I used were in the dialect which Mrs Hallam had told me was spoken by her Indian nurse. I will not boast that I felt no horror of what I was doing ; but curiosity and a de sire to deliver my friend and his wife sup ported me. At first there was no response to my appeal, beyond the stirring of the branches near me, as if thebreeze were mocking my audacity. After waiting a few minutes I repeated my summons, uttering it, if possible, more distinctly than before. Presently I saw a gleam of something white in the distance ; then the whole of a white figure emerged from among the dark boughs into the moonlight; and Mrs. Hal lam, into her evening dress and gossamer shawl, stood within a few paces of me. ' I have come to look for you,' she said. John is 'growing impatient at your ab sence. Will you not come back with me to the house ?' I was taken completely by suprise. Surely this was Virginia Hallam herself. Should I venture to frighten her by address ing her as a spirit of evil ? Mrs. Hallam,' I said, 'I have already presumed to counsel you not to come out in the chill of the night. Does your husband .know of this particular rashness ?' ' I allow him to know very little of my movements,' she answered, pettishly. Then you are less loyal to him than I believed you to be.' .I. am not loyal to him, and he knows it. While I am with him I shall amuse myself as I. please. When I. leave him I shall en joy my liberty.' Face , voice, manner — all were so com pletely Mrs. Hallam that I paused again, uncertain how to proceed ; but a flash from the eye that were watching me in the silence decided me. ' Your lie has discovered you,' I. said. ' Cease to persecute a virtuous woman, and show me your actual nature.' I pressed the amulet tightly as I spoke, and had the satisfaction of seeing the figure begin to quivor and crouch, while the eyes glanced about uneasily. 'Stand up and face me!' I said. 'I have power over you.' She rose and turned her face toward me, making every movement unwillingly and with a struggle. I fixed my eyes on the countenance so revealed. For the first minute it was Mrs Hallams face — fair and delicate of feature and complexion ; but as I pressed the amulet more closely, keeping my eyes on her eyes, the change I had expected began to take place. The features thickened somewhat ; the eyes grow dark and angry ; the gold rings of hair became black ; the skin turned green and dusky. A bale ful light came from the eyes, which looked back at me full of hatred and defiance. 'Now,'I went on, ' you must tell who you are and why you haunt this place, making mischief in the lives of two inno cent persons.' She actually writhed under my gaze, but remained silent. I repeated my command again and again, till at last the answer camo forth with a hiss:' I am Rhomba, tho Queen of Au ruugzoba. Two hundred years ago I lived on earth — ' _ Having got so far she relapsed into silence, while her eyes burned on me, full of indescribable malignity ; but finally my per sistence conquered her', and after an interval she continued : ' Everyone obeyed me I allowed nothing to stand in my way. I loved a white man, and he turned from me with disgust. I cursed those of my descendants who should marry with his race. The woman I follow is the daughter of such a marriage, and re produces my beauty with the differences caused by the a colourless blood her father's people. It is my purpose to follow her till I have accomplished her ruin. Do not venture to oppose me. Your power is im perfect and only occasional. I shall defeat you with terrible disaster to yourself.' Satisfied that I had unmasked her I relaxed my hold of the amulet ; when at once this evil being became to all appear ance Virginia Hallam, who, gathering her light draperies around her, remarked that the air was growing chill ; and that if I would not return to the house, she would be obliged to go without me. Then she turned away, and I saw her pass slowly on between the trees, and disappear among the shadows which were created by the splen dour of the moonlight. The next day I excused myself from going to ride with John, and went to seek Mrs Hallam, whom I found continuing her task of arranging her husband's curios in the chamber I have mentioned. Her afternoon tea was spread on a small table of Indian carving, and she invited me to share it with her. While she dispensed the tea, talking pleasantly all the time, my mind was tilled with the apparition of her by moonlight in the garden. Truly she had been marvel lously personated. ' I wonder,' I said, ' if there are ghosts about this place ? An old house like this ought to have its ghost. Have you ever had any supernatural experiences, Mrs. Hallam ? The smile and the lovely carnations went together out of her face. 'I think I have,' she said, hesitatingly ; ' but the subject is painful to me.' ' Nothing interests me so much as a well authenticated ghost story. Please to tell me. It is better to relate such an ex perience than to keep it to one's self.' ' You will not laugh at me ?' ' No ; and I can keep a secret. Nobody else shall laugh at you through me.' She had dropped into a chair opposite me, and now fixed her eyes wistfully on my face. 'You know what John is,' she said; ' there is no one in the world like him — so good, so tender, so generous ; but you must have observed that he is pitilessly matter of-fact. That is why I have never told him what I am going to tell you. I once made a beginning, but he laughed at me so imme derately that my intention was frustrated. My supernatural experience,' she went on, ' occurred when I was in India. The first was the frequent sight of a face beside my own in the looking-glass ; sometimes exactly the same as' my own, and sometimes only like it with the strangest difference. When I told my old nurse she declared I had seen the spirit of my wicked ancestress. ' She pursues you,' she would cry, ' because of her hatred for your lily skin and the gold in your hair. You must also wear her amulet. She had it made for her own uses, and now you must turn its powers against herself: I think I told you before that I never wore the amulet, because my Christian father desired me to put away such things as super stitious, though I might keep them as trinkets. I tried to think that the face in the mirror had been conjured up by my imagination, excited by the weird and fan tastic stories told me by my nurse. But on one occasion after hor death I believe I did come face to face with my evil foremother. I would rather not give you the details of this experience, as dwelling on them terrifies me. Since my coming to England I have not been troubled in the least ; but your suggestion of a ghost in this nice old house, which I am beginning to look on as home, startled me. ' I think it is a pity that you do not even now talk to your husband about these mat ters, just as you have talked to me,' I said. 'Ah!' she answered, with quick pain, ' you must know why I do not speak freely to my husband. For some mysterious reason I live under his displeasure.' After this day I came to the conclusion that I could take no further steps without increase of knowledge. In the course of the evening I made occasion to tell Hallam that pressing affaairs of my own required me to return home for a time, but that I hoped to pay him another visit before the summer was over. ' I thought that would be the end of it,' he said. 'But you have done your best old friend ; and I am thankful to you.' I hesitated a moment before I said : ' My parting word to you is this : be charitably-minded towards your wife, no matter how appearances may be against her. Of one thing I am sure : she has a dangerous enemy, whom I hope to bring to light;'' I returned home, taking with me the amu let lent by MrsHallam, who was willing that I should use.every .means toward ( the successful deciphering of the inscriptions. In the uninterrupted seclusion of my own library, after long study, I began to read, with the assistance of a magnifying glass, a little, and then a little more, of the strange signs and figures cut in the gold and stones many hundred years ago. I found that the amulet had been made by order of Rhomba, Queen of Aurungzona and that all the spoils of all the magicians and necromancers of her day had been ex hausted to concentrate power within the jewel, which was to serve as a protection against the machinations of every evil spirit. The inscription on the clasp, which was the longest, concerned exorcism, or final banishment of a troublesome spirit to the regions of the other world ; and made reference to the teachings of a certain phil osopher whose name was given. I con cluded that without further knowledge derived from the works of this master of magic I could not attempt tho spell of exor cism, and felt that I had come to a full stop just as I was growing hopeful of real pro gress. The magician's name was not un known to me, as belonging to one of the dreamers, or impostors, of ancient Eastern times. It even seemed to me that I had seen on a volume bearing his name among some curiosities of literature in the Bodleian Library at Oxford. Why should I not go there and assure myself whether or not the book existed '! I had not made a trip to Ox ford for some time. I should at least have change of air and scene, and probably acquire agreeable information of some kind, even if the enchantments of Mrs Hallam's strange ancestress must remain among the mysteries that are never to be unravelled. I started for Oxford, well aware that any one knowing the object of my visit would have regarded me as a person of disordered intellect. It was with considerable eager ness that I scanned the shelf on which my memory suggested I had seen the volume in question ; and I had a curious feeling of acting in a dream as I put my hand on the book, took it down from its place, and set to work to explore its contents. I was not sufficiently master of the language in which it was written to feel confidence in my own reading ; and, after some delay, I obtained the assistance of an expert, who supplied me with the exact meaning of several difficult passages bearing on the subject which was occupying my mind. ' It is a very curious old book,' said the expert; 'and interesting, I think, even for its matter as well as from an antiquarian and literary point of view. Say what you will, there was something at the bottom of their necromancy. There are many lost arts ; and, wise as we are in the nineteenth century, some wonderful things exist and are unknown to us.' ' I believe you,' I replied. And yet as I journeyed home, with the wisdom of the old magician stored in my mind and in my note book, I could not bring myself to believe that its assistance would enable me to influence the beings of an invisible world. The whole thing were to me too much the air of a well- invented fairytale. Back in my own den, however, out of touch with the everyday world of what is called common-sense, this view became less positive. I set to work deliberately to think myself in the mood of the' old magician, and after some time began to rehearse the acts and study the means recommended by him as certain to pro duce the desired power of compelling mischievous spirits to desist from inter fering with the lives of those who are still in the flesh ; of forcing them to retire to their own place of abode, and to remain there. Any one who is curious to know the details of the instructions I strove to follow will find all in the book to which I have referred, if they go and seek for it as I did, and are fortunate enough to secure tho services of the expert who was so useful in enlighten ing me. _ I grant, however, that I had an extraordinary advantage in the possession of the amulet. The result of my studies and practices was such that, from sheer exhaustion, the consequence of over-excitement, I lay ill for a few days, during wliich time I was delirious and had strange dreams and visions. As soon as I was restored to my usual health, I felt eager to test the reality of the power I. had acquired ; and, hopeful if not confident, I wrote to Hallam, saying that I now found myself free to pay him another visit, and would do so at any time it might be agreeable for him and Mrs. Hallam to receive it. In return I had a few words from him and a graceful note from the lady, assuring me of the welcome that I coveted. It was late in October when I again took up my quarters in the old house, where I had already met with such strange ex periences. It seemed to me that things were just as I had left themorn, except t that the shortened clays and chill atmosphere, which naturally drive people indoors and make one dependent on fireside companionship, ren dered it more apparent that a shadow of mistrust and misunderstanding still lay be tween husband and wife. I thought Mrs. Hallam looked paler and thinner than in the summer ; and she had a nervous manner, which betrayed her painful consciousness of her husband's displeasure. I felt, with a shock, that if her deliverance was not speedily effected, she would not live much longer to be the innocent cause of his unhappiness. I thought it no harm to startle him a little by calling his attention to the evidently delicate state of her health. " Yes," he answered gloomily. 'What- ever her secret is, she does not thrive in it. God help me, I know not how to save her !' I said nothing of my purpose in coming, fearing to encourage expectations which I might not have power to fulfil. " May I ask you," I said, " if you have had any renewal of the cause of your uneasi ness since I left you in July ?" " Any renewal !" he said, with a bitter laugh. " Her freaks are simply monstrous, her falsehoods unblushing. I would rather not talk on the subject. I am pleased to see you here, but I have no longer any hope of relief from your sagacity." I soon seized an opportunity of informing Mrs. Hallam that I had deciphered the in scriptions on the amulet, and that I hoped before long to place a translation in her hands. My next step was to ask her to en trust me with the moonstone which had been the property of her ancestress Rhemba, the Queen. She readily placed this second jewel in my keeping, con senting also to my retention of the amulet. Fortified, therefore, with these two import ant talismans, I shut myself up in my chamber and proceeded to put in practice the theory I had learned from the magic book, with the assistance of the expert, and began to make preparations for the working of the long-forgotten spell. I felt that I was making my experiment chiefly for the sake of my friends, but a good deal to satisfy my own highly- excited curiosity with regard to the unknown. (To be Continued.) 