NETTA. I have no faith in ghosts; although I cannot say with that oft-quoted sceptio that I have seen too many to believe in them. For only, once in my life have X seen what.was called a ghost, and a very childlike, (innocent, and pathetic little ghost it Was. ■ '■ I was spendinga few weeks at l*al lanza, on Laga^Mm^^and on a cer tain day,a t"™«» {Tonis f.OI'dsrfm's flrmo-lr \- pTon Mrs Bailie ancl her heirs male. The ; announcement, when it became known • in Burton, was received with the great l est gratification^-' Mr and Mrs B;iillie\? 1 son, who. is now heir to the peerage; is. ■ three years old. Mr Hamar Bass, M.P., 1 \- Lord Bin-ton's brother, and his heirs j • male take the baronetcy under special 1 remainder. Paris barbers and hairdressers are 1 now obliged by the police to take sani tary measures in carrying on their busi ness. Elaborate regulations have been sent out requiring them to use only : nickel-plated combs, to substitute pul verisers for powder puffs, to cover the hair cut off with sawdust aud have it removed at once, lo wash their bauds before working ou a customer, aud to place all metallic instruments in a solu tiou of soap and boiling water for ten minutes before they are used. The Queen of Roumauia has received her diploma as a Doctor of Philosophy irom the University of Buda-Pesth. Her Majesty devotes her life to the im provement of her subjects, her chief work being the founding of various schools throughout Roumauia, where the country girls receive a sound, sen sible education, and, amongst other things, learn plain and fine needle work. The Queen is also interested in the higher education of women, and is anxious that religion should become a greater power in Roumania. The motor bike, if not omnipresent, is already common enough. With its adoption we may counit on a new verb. Precisely as we got “to bike” or “not to bike,” we will get “to mote.” Little girls will conjugate with ease: “I mote, thou stokest, he looks out for the police, we’re getting on, you run into the cable car, they pay the damages.” Impera tively they will sing, “Mote me by moon light alone,” and subjunctively. “Thou mayest buy me a motor.” But motus. There is no motive in teaching them tricks they will learn fast enough unas We have not. yet come to the end of the Panama Canal scandals. The man Artou, who was tried and acquitted in 1893, is again on trial, and he tells a picturesque story. Two million francs, he says, provided by that curious being. Baron 'Reinacli, were distributed amongst the Deputies, in order to assisi the passage, of the Panama LoangJBWf Sometimes, v.irougii a gateway,' a glimpse of;an old, red-roofed villa,5 and a garden ohe .tangle of. roses. Somdfimes a: turn oi' the road' revealed the lake, gleaming like a sheet of bur nished steel; and mountains of a thun-. derous blue and portentous nearness, with here a rugged outline blurred by a grey haze of falling rain, and there a long shaCt of sunlight kindling an emerald radiance from the wet hill-side pastures. As-1 wandered past meadows and vineyards I presently heard a plaintive cry, something like the note of a fledgling calling to the parent bird, or wus.it a child calling to its playmate? I walked on, listening and wondering; the sound was repeated again and again, monotonous unvarying, but indescrib ably sad. A sudden turn in. the lane, and I came to a neglected garden, one mass of ver dure, with overshadowing trees, and vines trailing their luxuriant branches on long rank grass. Beside the garden, and fronting the road, stood a new, hare-looking house. A balcony of unpainted wood ran round the upper storey, and on that balcony I saw a little girl of some ten or twelve years, dressed in a blue print frock,, her hair hanging in a thick plait with a pale, sweet face smiling faintly, and a wist ful glance. . ' It was but a momentary glimpse, and then she passed quickly round the. corner of the house-out of sight. This, then was the child I had heard calling, and perhaps the plaintive, bird-like note meant Cuii cul! (Here! here!) But to whom was she calling? The. lane was solitary, the garden urns deserted, no one was visible anywhere. As I passed the house I saw in amazement that the lower story was in ruins, the sordid ruin of a building, falling into decay be . fore it- was finished. The windows were staring, empty holes, like the eyeholes of a skull; through them I could see that the walls were rough unplastered stone, the floor was only earth, and beside the vacant chasm which served as doorway there was a.’heap of mortar, and some dusty wooden planks, the remains of scaffolding. All the windows of the upper storey which I could see from,the road •were 'muffled- with shutters of wood, which, had never been painted, and which w.ere already falling into decay. - As I looked at that for1")-" nnfiTT'"u~1 -hoUsep,£,yague dread chilled me. ’ What was that child doing there?; No waif or stray or beggar's brat was ;she, with, her dainty,blue cotton frock and shining braided hair., Could it, be possible that she was alone in the house, and that she was calling’.for help?. But instead of ap pealing ‘to rueas I. gazed up at.her she had slipped away -and* vanished round 'the halconycwith a,: shamefaced smile. I stood- perplexed;'rriy heart sinking- with ’an unaccountable dismay; when all at 6nce I h'eard';tfee whirring of a sewing rnachifie'somewherein the upper rooms. The homely^rosa-ic sound brought re lief to rny;jtjdubled-.ihind,.and assured that the. house was' really inhabited, and that some woman, probably the cKild’s mother,-'jvas there, I went on my •way:' • " -y : : i v But 3;lcould hot; forget the little inci dent, and-a day or two. afterwards, as I was calling hpon ‘a- friend—an Italian lady who .liye’d.-iffl a villa, near the'lake—: '^described-to; iierthe--unfinished house standing in the -lonhly.ijane. ; “Who is' living there?”j,was;.'my',first inquiry, v'/ “No^one;-'the, house': is- empty,” was /the unexpected reply. y' l‘But the• child-yl.saw.va: child there on .the'balcony!" ■,< * V “Ah. the;child’ ’—my' :'friend ’■ repeated' :with;d.'strarige,I'suddeniy.;;Ssfidus'look.; voVus -Vm t l-nm\ sawjthe'child,;tKeti.?', Yes, T know 3r.ahy-.people.hd;y e. Seehjier.” ,-; ’ ’':: ;‘ ‘".WliaV you mean?” ! cried; 7 and* ^-somhip-wImyiheart^E^ran^td beat-' fast, Tndiv loqk':anditdne;!wej'e'sb:'niysterious. ; (giir^y^ewif^-esvana,. earsi ; \\- :; • ;": '.... ' ”‘Ah, so- y ou think." Donna Gloria an swered in Her ’.soft voice, and a little gesture'-hf -li'er?white hands, “But,-, in-, . deed, the" house is empty—absolutely empty! ' Let'me .tell yo0he rest- of the dolorous little history.-. Ketta was left alone day after ,day. and all day -lons.,«|-(.i.' that solitary, half-ruined house—alone day after day till-the child's heart began , to'hr'ealc. V.,She would’stand on the bai-,’ cony'eaTlmg, calling "for someone, any '6he, to come to her in her unbearable loneliness ; and then if anyone did pass by, so timid was she, that she would shrink away indoors, and go back to her task on that cruel machine, which was too heavy for her little hands and feet. • And yet perhaps the sound of the ma chine made the silence of the house seem less dreadful to her.” Donna Maria paused a moment. I think I shivered a little ; I was begin ning to he conscious why I had been, oppressed by such intense sadness when I passed the deserted house. • “One winter evening,’-’ my friend re sumed, “the stepmother returned from her work at the factor;', and there she found; Netta: lying, on the floor in the dark, .cold and dead, with a smile on her little white face. The. Blessed Saints had heard Ketta calling,’ and had come for her. Then the woman was 'neaxly f ran tic. She wrung her hands and tore her hair, but all her remorse would not bring Netta back again. And then people who had.never interfered -while there was time to save, the child, who had cried to heaven and earth for pity, now had no words hard enough for the step mother. So, reviled by everyone,, she fled frorn•’ vBaUahzAy. -nobody knows whither. Her poor odds and ends of furniture were seized'to' pay her debts, but no one will live in the house; it stands empty, and going to decay. And still they say the child is heard calling; and people have'eyen seen her on the balcony, a pale sorrowful little phantom. I have never seen her or heard her my self. But I know 'that what I am tell ing you is true.” And Donna Marla s voice sank in silence, afid her dark eyes had a mournful, far-away gaze in them. I wag leaving Pallanza the following day, and; never again have I been able to visit that house of, tragic memories.' But I have often'thought since of Ketta Fanconiwthe-itilrd-likfe call, "ColLcui^ the swexft little wistful, i figas^ntting, elusive] ; lists. 'It-is ail tied that the situation ia Spain is the subject of negotiations be tween the various European Cabinets. The “Xew York World” has addres sed the following telegram to Senon Sagasta :-“Enemies are spreading . alarming and sensational news from Madrid, giving rise to the belief tbau Spain is seeking some pretext to de clare war against the United States.”1 Scnor Sagasa immediately telegrapheci to the Spanish Minister at Washington declaring that Spain, far from seeking a pretext to declare war against the. United States, regarded it as a great misfortune that such a lamentable in tention should have been attributed to tier. The Premier added : “Animated! as she is by the most friendly senti ments towards the great Republic, Spain hopes that the United States will do everything possible to strengthen the sentiments of good friendship, with! a view to the welfare of the two coun tries, while at the same time respect j ing tueir rignts/ -••neuter.' 