ChapterXVIII.-A Glimpse op Light. All this time Margaret had lived through agonising days. Eor, over and above the pangs occasioned by her being separated from Godfrey Byng and her cruel doubt of him, there was always hanging over her head the terrible thought that sooner or later her Aunt Elizabeth would have to be told what was awaiting them with regard to the Truemans. . Much as she disliked the latter, both father and son, she could not but own that they were not grasping. Instead of intruding them selves upon her they had kept aloof. In place of clamoring for more than she gave and in sisting on their rights they accepted a small portion of what they could claim with a good deal of gratitude. The Truemans might be illiterate and entirely out of her world, but they possessed a good deal of humility—all appearances' to the contrary—and far from wishing to annoy her by their presence had waited very patiently for her aunt's return a[nd had only petitioned that they might not lose the chance of. completing the purchase of a farm in Australia, on which the elder True man had set his mind. "It was such a chance," he argued respect fully, on paper j "he wasn't fit company for grand folks, neither he nor his son, and 'twould be best for all parties that he should settle there." And when Margaret had ex plained to him that he would be entitled to much more if he could satisfy the lawyers a3 to his claim he seemed overwhelmed at the idea and at her own sense of justice, declaring that five hundred pounds was as much as ne and bis boy would want. They were working folks and could earn what more they needed, and as to selling the Court, which had been hers for so many years, and dividing the money with strangers about whom'she never heard tell till- the other day, he could nowise allow it, for it wouldn't be fair. The little farm and sheep run in Australia was all he wanted in consideration of his dead wife and her son. Margaret on hearing this felt a tide of some thing like gratitude rise in her breast, as she askea herself whether any arrangement could be made by which she could live on quietly at the Court and not sell the dear old place, but J allow the Truemans a yearly stipend in lieu of so many thousands down. Up to this time she had supplied all their actual needs without doing much more, but now she began to ask herself if, under the cir cumstances, she could refuse to advance the sum for the purchase of the desired farm—since though the case had to come before the lawyers she had herself seen the marriage certificate and there was little doubt that Lady Hurley credited the Trueman's tale—she who had been in America with her sister Susan. . Un doubtedly it would be a relief to Margaret to know that her objectionable-looking brother in-law with bis sqn were settled on the side of the globe, but she had no intention that they should suffer any loss by their modest demands. Over and above this there wasakeen desire on her part to spare her aunt any actual en counter with the Truemans, and Mrs. Beech bad written to say that she might hope to sail within a week. As she. paced mournfully up and down a soli tary walk within her own grounds Margaret came to the conclusion that she would visit the elder Trueman, question him still more, and then, if she felt as much convinced of the truth of .his assertions as she did at that moment, to take the responsibility on herself of advancing the five hundred pounds. Everything else could be arranged by letter. Up and down, up and down. the. darkening path she went, her heart (as ever at this hour in particular).turning towards Godfrey Byng. Where was he now ? Unhappy man 1 Why ■ had he separated himself, from her so hope lessly 1 The remembrance of their meeting not far from this very spot, and of all the hopes which then arose, only to die, rent her soul. Suddenly she was startled by a rustling among the leaves of the shrubbery, and the nest moment she caught her breath while a thrill of alarm went through her as she became aware of a figure flying across her path and hastily disappearing from view in the gloom which was deepening every moment. ^ " It was the vicar," gasped she, all aloud to herself, as she stood rooted to the spot, gazing in the direction the figure had taken. "Mr. Lufton," cried she, rushing forward, though she trembled from" head to foot. " Mr. Lufton.-' . Therewas no. response, however, and Margaret, very much shaken by this reeontre and unable to see anything distinctly in the fast gathering twilight, sped, stricken with nervous dread, to the safety of the house. "Why, ma'am, you look as if you had seen a ghost," said Jane, who had just carried a lamp into the hall.' "Oil, Jane, I have. I have seen a ghost, perhaps," faltered she. "At any rate the figure which darted just now across the shrubbery path looked exactly like Mr. Lufton." Jane uttered a cry on hearing^ this and became almost as pale as her young ^mistress ; and then Anne, the under-househiaid, hearing the cry, came up to ask what" was the matter and found Miss Thcrpeleigli and her maid -white and trembling. . . ' Margaret was the first to regain control over herself and whilst the story that Mr. Luftou's ghost had been seen flew through the village Margaret was writing a note to the inspector of police to acquaint him with what she .had. witnessed: . The above functionary called at the court immediately afterwards, wearing a very grave demeanor. . ,"ln. my opinion, madam," said he, t" this makes the case look very grave. You see if poor Mr. Lufton lias been murdered this may bea trick of the'murderer to set up a ghost story; one never can reckon what criminals in fear of their lives will do. It looks very bad, to my mind, that anyone should have dressed up like the vicar just as night was comiugoii. • Of course it might have been done for a joke, people are so silly ; but, if so, it was most unfitting." "Then you feel certain that the figure I saw could not have been Mr. Lufton himself ?" re joined Margaret tremulously. "Judge for yourself, madam,'' returned the inspector, " hloue but a madmau would hide for weeks, nay, months now, from his home and . reappear in the twilight only to fly away; and whatever else Mr. Lufton was he certainly was not a madman: I never knew a cleaver minded, nicer gentleman." Margaret sighed, a very despondent feeling seized on her. What the inspector had said was true,'the.vicar was incapable of acting iu such a manner ; he was a man of high cha racter, nor coui^ any person imagine for a moment that lie Was insane. "Weshall know his. fate some day, I don't doubt, madam," continued the officer; "but it will have been a sad one, I fear, and we must make up our minds to it. I'll wish you good night, madam, and thanks to you for acquaint ing me with this matter." When the inspector was gone a painful; nervous dread took possession of Margaret's mind. How drearily the days went by 1 What doubt and uncertainty surrounded lier! Whichever way she looked her life's horizon was dark. Godfrey was lost to her—perchaiice her old dear home must * be vacated; nor could she ever forget, even should the Truemans go to the antipodes, that these people had been very near to Susan and were now near connec tions to herself. The vicar's fate was still a mystery, and with the home-coming of her aunt the painful Btory of the Truemans must be unfolded. The morning broke gloomily. She -was sitting absorbed in sorrowful remembrance when her maid, quivering with excitement, literally rushed into the breakfast- room. , "Oh, ma'am," she stammered, "there's news at last." "News of what?" replied Margaret; rising in haste. "Is Mr. Lufton's fate' ascertained, then ?" "It is indeed, ma'am. But it is strange— Mr. Lufcon has returned to the vicarage !" "Returned!" gasped Margaret, utterly be wildered but hardly crediting the story. "Oh, yes, ma'am! He walked into his study without a word of explanation, only telling his housekeeper to get him something to eat.- And he won't say a word about where he has been all this.titnenorwhyhewentaway. He says he shan't think, of preaching on Sunday, and that for the future he shall employ a curate, as he needs rest."_ . " It is very unlike Mr. Lufton to act in such a manner," stammered Margaret, more and more amazed. ■ "It is indeed, ma'am," agreed the maid, wlio still looked jnuch agitated. "His house keeper and the girl under her, as well as the garaen-boy, all declare that 'Master is very odd !'" ... i "Go up to the vicarage at once, Jane, and ask for further tidings. I am too much agitated to go myself," said Margaret hur ridly. ■ . , "I'll go this moment, ma'am," said Jane, well pleased to be send on this errand. And 1 the maid's feet never flagged as she hastened to the vicarage. But others had proceeded her there, , in par ticular Lord Lanford; and in deference to his age and rank the others fell back and allowed him to go in first. And Jane did likewise,-but she waited in the vicarage^garden near enough to the entrance of the house to overhear what passed between his lordship and Mr. Lufton's distressed housekeeper. "He's himself, and .yet not himself, my lord," remarked the bewildered woman, " and he refuses to see anyone." . ; "Then he must be suffering fre^t mental lorration." returned the unWmnm amif .to aberration," returned the nobleman,- "and ho ■, ■ 1 ■ .-flpv must be seen. I am one of the churchwardens, and it is my duty to find out what is amiss, j Where is Mr. Lufton ?" f "In his study, my lord, and there he sits with his old hat on ; but he's not himself, any how." Without another word Lord Lanford walked into the house, and what then took place Jane only learned a little while afterwards, for it is almost needless to explain that she waited to know more before returning to Thorpeleigh Court. What actually happened was as follows Lord Lanford knocked at the clergyman's study door and then opened it, when, sure enough, seated before his writing-table was the long-lost vicar. "Why, Lufton!" exclaimed Lord.Lanford, "whata fright you have given us alL Why did you go away ?" And then, as he looked closer at the figure before him, the old nobleman asked himself silently if this man was or was not the lost yicar. For the figure seated in the leather chair, though like him, very like, resembled him with a difference and when (scared perchance by the fixed regard which Lord Lanford fastened upon him) he rose abruptly and with this hasty movement his broad-brimmed felt hat fell off, then Lord Lanford perceived that the man before him was not the vicar. "Stop him!" cried the old nobleman;, "stop him !" For the other had leapt to his feet in an instant, had flung back the glass door which opened on to the strip of lawn, and had fled wildly towards the nearest belt of woodland and not far distant Neitheir Lord Lanford nor the housekeeper, howevei-, were equal to the chase, which they yet pursued, hoping to keep the fugitive in Someone was personating .the vicar ; this was the bewildering thought in the minds of each as they hurried onwards in the vain attempt to, overtake the runaway, while the still more bewildering, question shaped itself in their minds—"With what motive was this done 2" ' Lord Lanford was thei first to be beaten in the chase. He stopped, panting, and, leaning against a gate, saw the counterfeit vicar dis appear into the wood. The'housekeeper toiled on a little further, and then she, too, gave in, gasping for breath. " We have lost him," cried the oid noble man, who was very much excited, as indeed he well might be. " I'd best go into the village, my lord, and tell what has happened," answered she breath lessly. His lordship nodded. "Yes, do, as quickly as you can," he managed to say. Then the woman hobbled off arid Lord Lan ford went on into the wood. He could not run after the fugitive, but he would not turn back. Some of the villagers would be sure to be on the spot directly when such a circum stance had occurred. Good heavens! who could have been so heartless, so daring, and so much of an adept at disguise as to have assumed the part of personating the lost Mr. Lufton. If it was only a clever trick it well deserved ■ exposure; while if it were done to throw the authorities off the track of a great crime it was a grave duty to trap the culprit. Lord Lanford, toiling along the path by which the fugitive had vanished, perceived all the importance of the capture he was attempt ing, since if accomplished it might unravel the clergyman's fate. Was this the culprit who had dared this reckless deed in order to raise the belief that the missing man was still alive ?•! Anxiously the old nobleman scanned the path in hopes to catch a glimpse of some pedes trian who might join in the pursuit, for time was of supreme importance. An instant afterwards he perceived some one in the field adjoining the wood and fran tically signalled to this individual to approach. The young man thus hailed paused and then began to run towards him.' "Hi, hi!" shouted his lordship. . "Coming," returned the other. Lord Lanford continued to gesticulate and to beckon to the young man, who was now nearing him with rapid strides. "What, Mr. Olford; is that you? You were never more welcome," exclaimed his lord ship when the other was within speaking dis tance. " Have you heard of what has happened at the vicarage ?" "I have "just heard that Mr. Lufton has re turned home and am on my way to the vicarage," replied Reginald. "He lias not returned. Someone has been base enough to personate him," cried Lord Lanford breathlessly. "When I confronted him in the yicar's:study and when in trying to evade me his broad-brimmed hat fell off I at once detected the imposture. The, man has fled and has just vanished into that wood. Go after him, Mr. Olford, while I rouse the neigh borhood." . " Into the wood ?" re-echoed the young man. and as Lord Lanford nodded assent he was off in pursuit without further parley. Indeed, Reginald Olford was not a man to let the grass grow under his feet whaa .he had such :.a matter in hand and fully alive to'the situation he dashed recklessly into the depths of the wood. " He'll hunt down the miscreant if anyone can/' muttered Lord Lanford, much relieved in mind at having secured such a coadjutor. "A nice fellow is Reginald Olford. What a misfortune that the charming Miss Thorpeleigh did not fall in love with him instead of that wretched Mr. Byng. I am sorry enough for her, having these vulgar unknown relations swooping down on her." . Now it happened that during the past night Margaret had lain' awake pondering deeply on what her duty towards the Truemans really was. With infinite pain she had arrived at the conclusion that she had failed in it—that she had been cowardly in her shrink-' ing from seeing and questioning the man who claimed: to be her brother-in-law, and she had decided to go aud visit him the next day. He, too, if lie had really been Susan's husband, might have some things which he wished to say to ber, and however she might revolt from meeting him she resolved to overcome her re pugnance and to go. As wo have seen this next day brought the startling news that the lost vicar had returned. Hilliugton, the village at which the True mans wore lodging, was not far off; she Would walk through the, woods as soon as her maid returned with tidings of: the vicar. It seemed almost too good to hope that Mr. Lufton had actually come back. Godfrey would be cleared of remaining under suspicion at any rate. ': . Jane came in, breathless and excited. "It was not the vicar himself, ma'am," gasped she, "only someone dressed up to look like him. Lord Lanford and a good many of the villagers are trying to take the impostor. It seems so dreadful that anyone should have dared to play, such a trick .Margaret was at first speechless-with dis afipointnlent and surprise. 'Some, base minded person had found pleasure iii as vile a subterfuge as anyone could imagine. With a heavy sigh she roused herself after the lapse of a few minutes and telling her maid where she was going she set olf for the Truenians' lodging.. What need was there for any secrecy since all her world (excepting the absent Mrs. Beech) were by this time aware of poor Susan's ill-judged marriage. Desirous'of avoiding the road through the village she took a circuitous path leading into the very wood through which some time previously the man. who: had personated the missing vicar had flown. Margaret went into the middle of the wood, when, all at once hurried steps, followed by a shout and by the crashing of brushwood (as of someone dashing through tho undergrowth), met her ear. She paused, wondering what the commotion could mean and half terrified at it. The next moment intense surprise rooted her to the spot as two figures emerged into a clearing and as she gazed the girl fairly gasped for breath. Well might she feel utter bewilderment at sight of the moving persouages dashing across the open space before her, for in each she seemed to see tho lost Mr. Lufton. She attempted to cry out for help, but agitated as she was, tremulous, fearful, her voice did not attract the attention of the two persons in view—one of whom was pursuing, the other retreating before his pursuer. Could it be possible that in one of these she saw the missing clergyman? Controlling her desire to fly from the spot, she went forward as quickly as she could, but before she had gained the clearing they had both disap peared. . t Margaret's intention of seeing the Truenians that day vanished; another duty had inter vened, for it was imperative that she should at ouce make known what she had witnessed. She was flying down the woodland path, when someone coming in a contrary direction uttered a surprised exclamation and she recognised Reginald Olford. " Oh, Mr. Olford ! I have been so startled !" cried she tremulously; "I thought I saw Mr. Lufton—or rather, two Mr. Luftons—in the midst of that clearing." "What, here?" he answered in an agitated tone. , Yes, yes! It was only a moment agb that I saw what appeared to'be the lost vicar and someone besides wbo was the exact counterfeit of him." "Which way was it?" asked Reginald breathlessly. • "To the left, and one was pursuing the other. I will go and make it known." Without the loss of a moment she made for the shortest patli out of the wood and told her breathless tale at the nearest cottage, begging that someone would go to assist Mr. Olford in his search. A ' "'Taint no use, miss, not if a hundred of us 'was to go," rejoined the woman who had answered her summons." 'Tis the poor gentle I man's ghost wandering about the wood." | "Indeed, it: was no ghost, Mr. Porter," ' argued Margaret. " Who can I ask to join in the search? Who will be at home ?" _ i "My dear, miss, 'tis many a day since ppor Mr. Lufton vanished, as one may say, and now . he's seen firsb- intone-jflace,-then in another now at Hiilington, then in the copse near by. i 'Tis his spirit, poor gentleman, come back to' this earth to cry for: vengeance. 'Twasn't no other that went to the vicarage, neither." Seeing it vain to argue the matter Margaret went to other cottages with much the siime result, and having at length rouBed the car penter and a bricklayer out of work to consent to help in the search she reached home almost too much dispirited: to wonder what tidings concerning the vicar would next-be spread abroad. , ( To he continued.) 