\- THE OEM FINDERS. i'ART XII. ' For fully five minutes the party stood gaging into tiijs strango amphitheatre in muto wonder and surprise. As thoy.' bad ' more timo to get acoustomed to the" light, tho curious sceno became clearer, and tho spectators more impressed with tho wonder ful spcotaole. Tho monstrous llneamonts of tho graven images stood out In boldor relief, nd the awe-struck boholdera marvelled, and (taked each other who could have dono tho work. Ronnie broke tho silence : " I have read that traces of rook carving have been found In Northern Australia, and perhaps we have discovered one of tho most perfect monuments of a dead race which exists on the continent." " Yes," answered Preston, re-assured by thie remarks of his friend. " These horrible drawings must bo reiios of work dono by the aboriginals in long ages post. I never saw such a sight In my life. It quite terrified meat first, as it was so uooxpected.. We must mako a thorough examination of tho place, and he careful, for this place may be aored to the blacks, and, if so, they will fight to prevent it being desecrated." "I don't think so," Wills ensworod " They have few saored places, and I feel sure this Is not one of them. It may be used for some purpose of their own, though I doubt even that, for, at a rule, they are far too superstitious and cowardly to enter such a spot." '" "And yet we saw tiro come into this hill," retorted Preston. " Yes, that is. true, but there is a master, mind not far away who lies probably made this his stronghold " The further remarks of the sergeant woro interrupted by a cry from Savage, " Look I Look thoro I" All eyes were turned in the direction indicated, and as thoy peored down tho long southern corridor of rook, a strange figure might be seen at tlic end. It could not readily bo distinguished whotlicr the object was u man or a fur-clad animal liko a bear. It was something olad with, or wearing, a natural cover of fur ; that was plain. "Man, beast, or dovil, I will havo a shot at it, suybow," Preston said, raising the rifle to his shoulder. As he did so the object disappeared behind a ledge of rock. " I suppose it is a black, clad in skins,' Ronnie said. " By Hoavons, it may bo tho man we're in searoh of, "oxolaimed tho captain, picking up his torch, and miming quickly in ' tho direotion of the plaoo where the figure had stood.' He was followed by his comrades, and whon the spot was reached a number of passages wore seen branching off iu various direotions. Most of these wero examined for a considerable distance, but tho result was fruitless. " We would never find anyone in such a place as this," Barrows exclaimed. " I think we had better get back to tho Chamber of Horrors, captain," Rcnnio said. Seeing it was useless to waste further time in such a quest, tho wholo party went back to the amphitheatre and began a minute examination. " Why, these are bones," Wilis cried, as he approached the first pilo of what looked like jagged rocks or pieces of wood. " Bones, euro enough, and gigautio ones, too," tho doctor added. As tho exploration continued; it was fotind that the whole floor of tho vast vault ' was strewn with hones of animals which must havo lived thousands of years previously. Ronnie, who wee woll versed in paleontology, declared that tho hugo re mains belonged to the mighty diptrodon or gigautio sloth, whiclt was extinct beyond tho memory of the whito man. There wore also the remains of theiiugo kangaroo, which proceeded the present degenerate species, and also bones which tho doctor thoughtbo- lenged to tho extinct Australian hyroua. None of the party were Oivons, or ;if they had tho great nuturalist's lovo for his profession thoy would havo beon loth to tear themselves away from such an interesting graveyard of tho mighty dead. The most extraordinary feature oi tho examination was, howover, revealed by a study of the walls ou whioh tho rude sculptures of a dead raco were hewn. Interspersed with the horrlblo representa- tations of half-human faces, hideoUB as the features of Medusa, were rude drawings of enormous animals. " Those who drew these things must have lived co-eval with the now long-extinot animals," Dr, Ronnie remarked, as he stood opposite to what purported to be a dip trodon. "Yes, I suppose so, or how elso could they draw them J But what about these faces!" Barrows asked, looking Up half in disgust, and half in awe at the hideous drawings. "Oh, they are probably mere fanciful j-io- tores. Allegories mayhap, or porhaps that is how the sculptors of those times had re- veDgo on their enemies in caricaturing thom," Ronnie jocularly returned. "Tho queorost thing that strikes lhe Is what.tools thoy used to out this rook. It Is as hard as stool," Preston added. "Yes, but not as hard as flint, whioh most likely was the material usod In tho work. I notice, too, that the reck in this ohamher varieB from abnoBt a dark red to pure white. That givos a vary striking effect, and tho place shows tho wisdom of tho ancient sculptors in selecting it," tho dootor answered. Conversing in this ipanuor, the party gradually mado a tour of tho groat ohambor, and its interesting relics. It was .4 o'clock when Preston looked at ids watch, and tho explorers decided to .leave. Thoy did thie with regret, for they felt there was yet a groat deal to see in tho strange placo. They noticed that the light which camo through tho 1'oof was brought dowo by tho queer oiroular openings which they had ob served on the summit the previous day. It Was Indeed quite probable that these had In ancient times been artificially formed, for It was hard to believe thoy were eltnply nature's handiwork. On the eastern side of the groat cavern a number of passages radiated, but the explorers had not timo to search them. ' "On our return wo may- be able to devoto another day to this place. It is well worth it," Barrows eald with fervor. . Preston, who had been unusually silent, now spoke. " t havo an idea that Leichhardt Is hiding In this retreat. VYo enlist make a further soarcli at tho first opportunity. He may be gono a llttlo hore," the captain concluded, slgnifioantly lapping his forclicsd. "That might bo so," answered the dootor. " What with the sufferings he must have endured, and the awful solftudo, they would he quite enough to uuhlngc a \- man's mind. Besides', he may \ have been injured on the head, either liy . a fell or in an cnoounter with blaoks. Poor fellow, J would liko to find htm," Whilst ho was speaking, thoy were moving out of tho amphitheatre into the branch passage '.which led to the main out- lot, or entrance. _ Wills was leading, and as ho stepped round tho sharp ledge tho torch lie carried— having just ro-lighted it to go down the passago— wao takon from his hand aud thrown to the floor. At the same instant ho felt the pietols which ho earriod suatohod away. Instinctively he clutched at, but failed to grasp them, and then ho sprang back with a warning cry of alarm — " Stand ' baok ! Seek Bholter 1" he ex claimed, oxpootlng every moment to hoar the reports of his pistols. The torch which wm knocked out of his hand flared up, bnt nothing was to be soen. "What's the matter!" his comrades cried In alarm, at the same time seeking shelter as best thoy oould. ' Someone, or something, has stolen my pistols and we are caught in a trap," he exclaimed. The situation was indeed serious, The Unknown and invisible thief oonld shoot two of them from|hls vantage point, and know ing tho place might effcot his esoape. For somo minute's tho party remained irresolute, but at last the gravity of tho position forced itself upon them. " We muet do something," Wills said. " The fire of our enemy ought to bo drawn. It is not likely if it is a black that he will have ammunition. Once the pistols aro omptied wo can make a rash.' It was Preston who spoke, bnt he was immediately asked by Barrows. "Into which two of ns aro thoy to bo emptied !" That was indeed the point, but it would have to be solved. The opening leading to the passago was not more than eight feet wide, and it seemed liko courting death to faco it. Nevertheless, it at last became apparent tlmt a dash would havo to bo made, and a consultation was held. " I'll go first," Preston, voluntcored. "No Cup., lot me tako that post; your life is too valuable , to bo perhaps lost.' Barrows immediately replied. In a momont caah man wae asking for tko dangerous leadership, and tho contest showed how well solcotcd tho members of tho expedition wero. There was not a man amongst thom that was not pre pared to make the greatest of all sacrifices on behalf of his fellows. At last it was arranged that Preston and Barrows should run abreast through tho opening, and tho romuining three follow in tho same order. This would bo safer than taking it in Indian file. Getting as near as possiklo to the fate ful spot, a dash was made, as decided. Til passage was reached and passed without the expected shots ringing out. Wills, as he ran by, stooped and picked up his torch, but at a signal from tho captain thoy wore ail put out. Holding thom alight would simpty show tho enomy whero to fire. On reaching tho main cntranco in safety they were dismayed to sco that it waB in total darkness. Groping their way along, they at last reached the end, but not a gleam of light penetrated. " Wlint a fool I wns not to leavo some one here," Preston muttered. Ono of the torokes was now lighted, and an attempt made to find tbo aperture by which they had entered, but in vain. " Do you think wo havo come tho right way ?" Savage asked auxiously. "Yes. I took careful note of tho passage as wo entered, and I am suro this is it,' Mills answered, " bnt (it seems to mo wo are caught liko tlmt fellow in the Arabian Nights, who got into tho oave nnd forgot tho mngio password when l.o wanted to got out." It was certainly no timo fot jesting, aud the wholo party lighted thoir torches nod sot about finding tho square atone whioli closed the entrance. Tho grass nnd leaves whioh wero placed to bra&k; Its fall lmd been removed, and thoy could get no cluc from them. Tho fitting of tho etono was a niarvol of ingenuity, for It took nearly linlf-an-hour to find it. Barrows at last kit upon the spot, and with the aid of their swords the otone was at last prized back. Each man drew a deep breath of re lief as the welcome daylight poured In, and they hastily clambered out. The last to Icaro was Rennie, and as he stepped out a loud shout of hoarse laughter sounded from within. " That's the most uncanny place I have over been In," Barrows said, with a alight shudder as they llsteued. No one replied, but after waiting for a few minutes, and the fuvisiblo laughers not repeating thoir merry performance, Preston said : " Let us try and put up tills etone, though I suppose If wo do nob others will.'' For five minutes tho party tried to do as requested, but tho attempt was an utter failure. It was quite Impossible to fix it in position. When raised tlicrc was 110 means of gotting it Into a perpendicular position. Unlike all tho stones covering secret en trances whioh aro mentioned In logchda this stab had no ring to hold on by. " Thoro is ono lesson to lie learned from this," Rcnnio remarked, ns the party turned away towards tho Luolnda, " Whenever onyuuo leaves that extraordinary envorn thoro must alwnyi bo ono or more left be hind to olaso the cutrauco." Ho was right in Ills surmise, as will bo soon later on. When tho Lucindr, was again reached it was near sunset, and cuoli member of the party wero quite satisfied with the result 6t tho investigations mado ut " Hanntcd Peak," as tho place wae now named. 1 In deed, when they looked back at what they had gono through, a stray thought would eteai into their minds that they had acted in a rather foolhardy manner, Going into such places in tho way they did wae liks courting death, and it struck them all a strange that tlio Unknown who snatched Wills's pistole away had not attempted to uso them. This question formed the subject of nearly On hour's argument that erening over the excellent meal which their comrades who were left on board had prepared lor them. " It must have been no other than Lefoh- hardt himself who did It;" Preston stoutly maintained. " It there were monkeys In this region I would be more Inclined to say it was ooe of that species which did It," Rennie answered . " It oould not have been en enemy who took them, Io such a place he could easily have shot two of us down as wo passed him," was the argument Willi used. "Are you sure it was a man. ft might, have been the ghost of one of these . monster figures we saw sculptured on the walls," Borrows Interjected. "It was a very tangible ghost at any. rote," the eX-Bergennt retortefi. " Perhaps It wns a '.darkle.' and ho did not know hew to use the weapons." Savage suggested. Though a general laugh went round the table at this, thero was u good deat iu it, but again PMiton returned- to-fais favorito know it am the oniy'one alfve, I am sorry to say" (with a glance at Bar rows) "who saw that white man. It was not mare than twenty miles from bore where he was camped, and something in the appearance of that objeot we saw to-day pnt mo in mind-of him. As you know, Leichhardt -was olothed in sktos andjeovored by the large rng whioh be left in my hands. The blaoks in this region do not wear any sort of covering, and if what we . saw in the cavern to-day was a man, It is almost cer tain it was the person we are in search of. Everything favors the notion, as Wills says the blaoka,unlcss controlled by a stronger or less superstitious mind, would not daro to enter a place like we explored to-day. Such a man as Leichhardt would be just tlio person to dlsoover and revel in the relics whioh abound in the Peak. He is a soien-, tlst, you know, and even if he were a little gone In the head he would probably have lueld moments."- This argument was somewhat oenvlnoing, for Reanie, who was sceptical hitherto on tho point, said. " There ia something In what you say, ' Cap.' The man or demon who has control of that plaoo is no fool. Look at the way that entrance stone is fitted. It is a real triumph of skill, especially when you recollect it muBt have been— or rather, probably was— formed with rude imple ments. I hope when we return from Mount Cheorjess We will solve the mystery." "Ah, now you are coming to business, Dixon interrupted. Ho had not explored tho recesses of Haunted Peak, and consequently was not so Impressed with its marvels as the others. His companion during the day, Field, backed him up by saying, " Yes, what about tho expedition. I havo been cooking all sorts of dainties for you this laBt week, and I liopo thoy will not be wasted." " No four of that, Fiold. If all goes well we will mako a start to-morrow. What say you, comrades ! " the captain oried. " Yes, it is no use to waste timo hero," camo tho unanimous response. Amongst the live stook taken on board at Shark Bay woro two horses, which was all that conld be prooured at the place. These were deemed suffioiont to carry all that would be needed to Mount Cheerless. According to the locality shown in the diary tlio placo was not more than 300 inilea from whero the Luoiuda then lay, and it was expected that another 15 or 20 miles further could be attained by water in the schoonor. After that the small boats could be utilised for about 30 miles, so that not more than 250 miles of land would neod to be traversed. A largo supply of provi sions could be placed ia the boats, and the horses kept fresh for tho land journey. As each manjbeiug well armed, tho larder could easily be replenished. Birds and animals would bo met with for some distance, and, for all they know to the oontrary, along tho wholo route. At daybreak another start was mado, and tho wind being favorable, good progress was experienced. Snags had, as usual, to be guarded against, but tho little schooner appeared to pick hor way amongst thom with almost human sense. A low range, about four miles to tho south-cast, was soon ncarcd, and as tho vessel gradually got behind ite spurs, tho mon gathered at the stern to take a last view of Haunted l'eal;. It loomed up weird-like ont of tho plain, with ite faiitastlo spires, and as Rennie turned away, ho exoiaimod, "I would like to know tho scorcts whioh lie hiddon in the hoart of that queer old hill, and the events which were enacted thero thousands of years ago," " Aud I would bo satisfied to know what is being done there now," broko in Captain Preston. (To lie Continued.) 