THE RIGHT REV. DR. GAL- LAGHER AT BURROWA. ? ^ ? STIRRING APPEAL TO THE CATHOLIC YOUTH OF AUSTRALIA. The Church and True Democracy. The Work of the Past and the Duty of the Future. (from our correspondent.) Sunday, the 2lst inst., was a remarkable clay in Burrowa. His Lordship, Dr. Gallagher, Coadjutor Bishop of Goulburn, was with, us to administer the Sacrament of Confirmation, and as it was his first Episcopal visit, the usual Catholic spirit of historic Burrowa came forth to pay the tribute of respect to his Lordship which solid and well-founded Catholic faith inspires. Our pastor, Father Ken nedy, met his Lordship at Galong railway station on Wednesday, and alter paying a visit to Miss Ryan's hospitable house at Galong, came on to Burrowa the same evening. The following days were devoted to the examination of the children for . Confirmation. Many o£ them came from long distances, and remained in town far weeks pre viously, to qualify themselves by the systematic teaching and instructions of the Sisters of Mercy for the worthy reception of the Sacrament. It is a pleasure for us in Burrowa that not even one candi date was rejected, and that on Sunday his Lordship spoke of the eifici-?nt religious knowledge of the candidates presented. I he 8 o clock mass on bun day was celebrated by Dr. Gallagher, and at it all the Confirmation subjects and others for their first Holy Communion were present. Shortly after 10 o'clock his Lordship blessed the new convent chapel. This is a special gift of the generous family of the Donovans of Sydney, whose sister, Mother Mary Joseph Aloysius, is 'Superioress of Burrowa Convent. Mr. Thomas Donovan personally devised the plans of the new chapel, and also selected the stained-glass windows. The Catholic Guild Society presented one of the stained-glass windows. Eleven o'clock Mass was celebrated by Father O'Leary, and his Lordship delivered one of his usual intellectual and practical sermons. Confirmation was then administered, and immediately the Messrs. Cusack, Dvvyer, O'Neill, and others, repre senting the whole congregation, read the following address : — ' To the Right Rev. John Gallagher, D.D.. Coadjutor-Bishop of Goulburn. May it please your Lordship,— We the Catholics of Burrowa respect fully and heartily welcome your Lordship amongst us. We rejoice that your true merit was recognized when Holy Church consecrated you to be the scion who should wield the crozier and wear the mitre of Goulburn Diocese. Your profound earnestness for the spreading of our Holy Faith, your great labours in the cause of education, your zeal to bind us to gether in Catholic Benefit Societies, these, my Lord, your solicitudes we know, and with God's help we shall practise your lofty ideals of Catholic industry. May we be allowed to recall with pride your beau tiful words. It is pleasant to take one's stand on the summit of a quarter of a century, as we look 'back upon our church raised for God's glory, and in honour of St. Patrick : and upon our convent with its beautiful chapel so complete, upon our school so finely finished and commodious, and our iine presbytery. These, my Lord, we are justly proud of, and we offer them 'as the pledges of the onmpafnpco mirl nprmanpr.P.v nf our Catholic Faith. We beg your Lordship's blessing for ouselves and our district. Signed.— Thomas H. Corcoran, G. Patterson, Thomas Hayes, L. J. O'Neill, J. M. Boyle. Patrick. Dwyeu, Patrick Ryan, J. Frue, John J. Dwyer, Thomas Ryan, A. A. Casack.' DR. GALLAGHER S REPLY — RELIGION AND PATRIOTISM. In replying to the address, Dr. Gallagher said — If there be one thing which more than any other enhanced the value of your beautiful but too com plimentary address it is this : that it has been read and presented by an old pupil of my own. sur rounded by a bodyguard of the young men of the town and district — young men so typical of Bur rowa also— stalwart, athletic, intelligent, and Catholic. In presence of them it is truly a beauti ful and pleasant thing to take one's stand on the aummit of a quarter of a century and, looking back towards the past, review with pride and gratitude the noble works which their fathers have done. And they are noble works. The presbytery, the convent, the school, perhaps the most tasteful and sompact, and adequately equipped with all the modern appliances that our diocese possesses ; the more than 100 acres cf land which constitute a per manent endowment for religious uses. This splen did church in which we are assembled, the first s;reat work of the present Bishop of Wilcannia (Dr. Dunne), so solid, so ample, so complete, sc fitted to be the parish church of a high-spirited and populous Catholic parish; and all nearly free from debt — these are monuments of the faith and generosity of true Catholic fathers of which their sons have just reason to be proud. But it is still more pleasant from this same vantage-ground to look forward through the vista of the coming years and see the still greater works in which it will be your privilege to take a part. We live under a free Constitution— one of the freest that now exists or has ever existed on this earth. But no democratic constitution can permanently, or for any considerable time, exist without virtue and intelligence ; and we cannot have yirtue and intel ligence without religion. Men must be governed by religion ; act from the loye and fear of God and a deep sense of diity'; be meek, humble, self denying ; morally brave and'1 heroic; choosing rather to die than swerve from right principle or disobey the will of God ; or they will not practise those virtues without which the words 'Liberty,' ''Progress,' are but an empty name, a mockery, a delifbion, and a snare. Hence, it is my opinion now, as it has ever been, that our Holy Mother the Catholic Church has a great field of action be fore her in Australia. With the exception of America, there is no country in the world where an opportunity so favourable is givenher of proving the divinity of her mission— of proving that she has been sent on earth not merely to enlighten the minds and save the souls of her own children, but that to her has been entrusted by God, and especially in this our day, the solution of those in tellectual difficulties that agitate the minds, and of those social problems that convulse the peoples — the true liberty and progress of nations— the destiny of man. Australia — its people are young, fresh, hopeful, and filled with the idea of great enterprizes. Hers are a people which, composed of the best elements of many nations, if once Catholic, can give a new, noble, and glorious realization to Christianity — a development which will go beyond the past, not merely in physical power?', but in achievements of zeal ; in abundance of Chris tian heroes and saints, as well as in art, science, and material greatness. The Catholic Church — she is as bright and pure and youthful and vigorous as on the day of her birth. Filled with the Holy Ghost, she still speaks in divers tongues to every colour and tribe and language — to each in his own speech — the wonderful works ot God. To those who doubt she can say with unerring certainty, ' I am the way, the truth, and the life,' and leads their proud intellects captive to the obedience of her faith. Founded on the rock, she cannot fail. He who enlightens every man who comes into the world is with her till the consummation of ages, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against her. Her temples are open to rich and poor : ' Come to me,' she says, ' all you that labour and are heavy-laden, and I will refresh you.' She is now, as she has ever been, the inex haustible source of high ideals of inspiration, of strength, of courage, and of holiness. One in doc trine, one in sacraments, 'one under the guidance of an infallible head on earth, she alone can infuse the spirit of true unity and patriotism into the great confederated nationhood of Australia; she alone can bind together the many discordant elements of the growing Commonwealth in harmony and peace, while pointing out the right path towards the ac complishment of that destiny which is marked out for it in the designs of God. ' Infidelity, heathen ism, Protestantism,' says the great philosopher, Brownson, ' can institute a democracy ; but only Catholicity can sustain it.' You young Catholic Australians, therefore have a noble mission, a great work given you to do. It should be the ambition of your lives to make this fine country of your birth [ truly great and glorious and free by making it thoroughly Catholic. You have only to will it and it shall be done. The future is yours. As you make it, so shall it be. We bid good-bye to a century. A new one opens up before us. If the last was ours, the coming one belongs to you. Morituri vos salutamus. We who are about to die salute you. We have done our best, but we give into 3'our hands the work only just begun. You must strive not merely to believe the doctrines and uphold the principles and support the institu tions, but to practise the precepts and to illustrate by lives of active benevolence and of virtue the elevating influences of the old religion. Enable yourselves by the study of good sound Catholic works to give an account of the faith that is in you. Industry, patience, sobriety, perseverance, a stub born determination with God's grace to do your duty in the sphere where God has placed you, let these be your passports to success. Seek nothing by favour or by base adulation. As staunch Catholics vou need exnect nothing from Govern ments or from the influence of those in power. Let everything you possess, every distinction you attain, be the well-'earned reward of your own sacrifice and personal worth and labour of body and mind. What you do highly, that you should do holily. Let there be no truckling subservience to mere social position or wealth or power. Lend a helping hand to your paator. As in every preceding age, so at the present day he should be the soul of every good work in his parish — the wise director and pru dent guide in every effort not merely to improve the morals and shield the faith and save the souls of his flock, but to enlighten the minds, to relieve the distresses, and to ameliorate the social condition of the people. Become a member of his Catholic Benefit Society ; nor by joining merely secular societies seek corporal relief by implicitly denying the existence of the soul. Aid him by your sym pathy and co-operation in the incessant struggle he must make for the religious education of his chil dren, and to bring up in the bosom of religion the orphan and the outcast and helpless little ones of his flock. By reading Catholic literature and some one of our well-conducted weekly Catholic papers make yourselves familiar with Catholic thought and with the method of giving accurate Catholic expres sion to that thought ; keep yourselves in touch with the active part which our Holy Mother the Church is taking to-day, as she has ever taken, in solving the problems and in directing the intellec tual and philanthropic movements qf the age. Guided by her teaching, and especially by the beautiful Encyclicals of* the Sovereign Pontiff, learn to take a rational and intelligent and directive interest in the political and civic and social life of your district and of the colony, Dread new fangled theories, divorced from religion, how plau sible or well-word-painted soever, these theories may be. ' I believe you will find in all histories, pagan and Christian,' says the .ablest exponent of modern (rationalistic) thought, 'that this one thing has been at the foundation of them all — that no na tion did not contemplate this wonderful Universe with an awe-stricken reverence as the work of an Omnipotent, and All-wise', and All-holy Being who superintends all men in it,' and all interests in it ; and who will exact a rigid account of all moral agents in it — no nation' came to much, nor did any man either, who forgot that. If a man did forget that, he forgot the most important part of his mis sion in this world.' As said Thomas Carlyle to the students of the University of Edinburgh, so say I to you— when you feel ashamed of, or deny, or turn your back upon, or cea9e to practise your religion, let not your people or your country any longer put trust in you — no]matter how successful in your own selfish ambitions you may be, ' non cnino estis clc sanguine virorum illorum per quos salus facta est in Israel ' — you are not of that type of men by whom is to be built up the true greatness of a country. But the vuices of your fathers and mothers which speak to ycu from those storied windows, from the steps of this altar, from the stone of the sanctuary, from those splendid monuments to religion and education which stand around us, remind you of your duty that you cannot be degenerate sons of noble sires — call upon you to build still more beau tiful things on the foundations which they have already laid. It makes me very happy, then, .to accept your gift, and, in leaving your fine district and flourishing parish, to carry with me the convic tion that in the supreme effort which all good men are making to build up the progress of our young country on religion, intelligence, and virtue, you, the young men of Burrowa, whom I see around me, and those others whom you repreient, will, by your faith and generosity and exemplary lives, be a tower of strength to your pastor, and take pride in uphold ing the glorious traditions of the faithful and gener ous race from which most of you are sprung. THE BAN0.UET,' His Lordship was entertained by the public of Burrowa at a banquet at 3 o'clock in the school, room. During the evening the toast of his Lordship was proposed by Father Kennedy. Dr. Gallagher, in reply, paid a great tribute of respect to the Catholic spirit of old times. The Ryans of Ga long and Mr. J. H. Corcoran, of Burrowa, receiv ing only just recognition for their valuable donation and securing of land for Catholic church purposes ; as also is shown by the magnificent stained-glass window over the High Altar, erected to the memory of Mr. Edward Ryan, his wife, and the late Hon. John Nagle Ryan, VISIT TO THE SCHOOLS — A TRIBUTE TO DR. DONOVAN. His Lordship visited St. Joseph's School, and was the recipient of an address, in which there was a special and graceful reference to ' our princely benefactor, Dr. John Donovan, Q.C., K.C.S.G.' In reply to the address, his Lordship said : — On my visit to a town or district, it always gives me great pleasure to receive an address, or, at least, a welcome from the children. What they say comes from the heart. There is no insincerity about it. The opinion which they form about people and of things is wonderfully accurate, and it is their inten tion, in the words which they use, to express that opinion, to be candid and honest and truthful. The children also are the hope of the future. To them we must look to take our places when we the old ones go down one after another into the home of our eternity. In this address from the children of Burrowa it is particularly pleasing to me to see that they are not ungrateful— that they remember in their affections and in their prayers those kind benefactors whose united gifts have made their school, and the convent home of the good Sisters of Mercy who teach in it, and the lovely and ample grounds in which those buildings stand, among the most beautiful and complete that we have not only in the Diocese of Goulburn but in New South Wales, Among those benefactors you select the name, especially, of Dr. Donovan. I am glad you do so. I would wish you — the boys especially — to take him, at least in that phase of his character which is best known to you and to me, as a model whom you may be proud to imitate. He has great talents ; he has great learning ; by his strict integrity and attention to duty he holds a first place in the learned profession to which he belongs, and, then, people say he is very wealthy. But he has never hidden his talents in a napkin, nor has he been a selfish miser with his money. He devotes both of them to noble uses. He is now at home in Europe recruiting his health. But when he was living in Sydney — and we all hope and pray he may soon be living there again — there was hardly a Sunday that he did not assist at some one of those great works which the Cardinal is called upon every Sunday of the year to inaugurate or bless. Nor was he a mere curious spectator or idle visitor. He unfolded the pages of the history of the Church. He told us about the origin, the rise and progress of the Catholic Guilds and crafts, and of hospitals and of works of charity and learning. He traced for us the beginnings of those great religious Orders of men and of women who work for God and for suffering humanity, and for the conversion of the pagan races. It was a pleasure to read his learned and instructive addresses. He felt so proud to dwell upon, to call up before us those ages of faith when men built for God and not for human glory, when those beautiful monasteries arose and grand cathedrals which still stand alone, with nothing like to them in the civilized world. He always strove to make his young fellow- Australians proud of their religion and to know all about its history and to practise its precepts, and to ever look ujjun iu t*o utii/ jv^j uluwu v/j. uuc UJ.UJL1 Ull W lilVilL OIJ.U U ILL rest not only their own individual happiness, but the true greatness and the true progress of their country. Then when he had instructed and de lighted his audience and warmed their hearts and aroused within them feelings of faith and, generosity, he led the way by giving the highest donation o.f all present towards the good work, convent, or orphanage, or college, as the case might be.' It was he who had built and furnished, and who handed over for your Use without one penny of debt, just as it is to-day, this beautiful school. And, again, to create and foster among you boys a spirit of generous rivalry and healthful emulation, to encourage and assist talented and deserving lads, he instituted, a triennial Bursary a\ St. Patrick's College, Qoulburn, open for competition to all the children of the school. It enhances my opinion of you, therefore, to find that you single out his name for grateful mention in your little address. When you grow up and be come learned and get rich, and stand in honoured places on the highest, topmost rung of your busi ness or profession, as I trust many of you shall do, don't turn your back on your old mother, the Church, don't grudge giving back to God some 1 ttle portion of the wealth which He may hav blessed you, don't prostrate your talents or high position, as too many do, to base and selfish purposes; but in the practise of your religion, in the ability and courage to defend it, in generosity towards its countless works of enlightenment and charity, follow the example of your own kind benefactor, Dr. John Donovan. 