ENTERTAINMENTS. SUNDAY CONCERT AT FREMANTLE. During the absence cf Miss Celia Ghiloni, the Sunday concerts at Fremantle will be under the management of Miss Isabel Reid. The programme for to-morrow even- ing is a very attractive ono. Miss Mar- guerite Johnstone, an English soprano, whose artistic singing in connection with the King Hedley Concert Company has made her a favourite with the music loving public, will make her début in Fre- mantle. Appropriate numbers will also be contributed by Misses Isabel Reid, Edith Legge, and Owen ; Hessin. J. Ernest Andrew, F. Mendoza, and Gray. THE PREMIER ILLUSION. An advertisement in another column invites the public to call and see " Lofs Wife," an optical illusion now on exhibition at Perth Chambers, in Hay street. FITZGERALD'S CIRCUS AT FRE- MANTLE. . Last night's performance at Fremantle by Fitzgerald Eros, circus was attended by a larga audience, who warmly applauded each item on the programme. The acro- batic Allons, the Japanese jugglers, Merry Benham, Miss Rosio Lizatte, La Bello Rose, and Mr. Frank Haimston all achieved success, whilst the remarkable sagacity displayed by the ponies, bronco ho--c.es, and the talking horas Mahomet elicited hearty applause. To-night ¡he company will maka their farewell appearance at tho Port, and a number of new attractions are promised. CREMORNE THEATRE. RICKARDS* TIVOLI COMPANY. Mr. Harry Richards' Tivoli Vaudeville Company attracted a very large audience to the above theatre last night, the hou.=e being full in every part. The management state that since the opening, night, inclu- sive of last night's attendance, 7,312 persons have paid for admission to the show, sufScieut testimony to the excellent average of attendances recorded during tho week. The mauy items on last nigh t'a programme were highly appreciated by tho audience. This afternoon there will be a matine» performance. For to-night an entire chango of programme is announced, every artiat of the company being billed for a new turn. Mr. Charles Godfroy Í3 to appear in his vocal-dramatic scona "Dreams" (with full scenic eifects), '. The Story of a Kiss," " The Golden Wedding " and "The Don." Seats for .the perform- ance may bo reserved at Niohelsoa's. A rational concert is advertised to take place in the theatre on Sunday night. THEATRE ROYAL. 'The Silver King" was presented by the Stanford-Barne3 Company at the Theatre Royal for the last time on Friday night, the attendance being very good, especially in the dress circle. The drama wa3 played with verve from the rise of the" curtain to its fall, alter the fitch act tho principal performers receiving frequent applause from the appreciative audience. "Pardon Thorn, or the Way of Transgres- sors," which will be placed on the boards for the fii-3t time in AVe-itern Australia to- night, is from the pen of Mr. Ilass Challis, and we are informed that the sole rights for Australia are in the possession ef Mr. 0\. R. Stanford. It is at present being pro- duced in London with considerable success, and is described as a departure from the ordinary drama, containing " the sensation of mele-draaia, the deep intensity and patho3 of tragedy, and the rollicking fun of farcical comedy." The play is set in four acts and nine scenes, the characters also numbering nine. Mr. Stanford will play Parson Thorn, and Miss Rose Conway will also be seen iu a leading rôle. The other performers are Mr. Harry Fitz- maurice, Mr. F. W. Moa tagne, Mr. H. A. Maymott, Mr. W. J. Townsend, Mr. Max Maxwell, Misa Ailie Senior, and Mis3 May Ellis. On and after to-night the prices will be -dress circle and orchestra stalls 43., stalls 3s., family circle 2s. THE ALFRED DAMPIER COMPANY. HAMLET. The performance of " Hamlet," given by the Dampier Company in the Town Hall last night deserved a much better audience than the less than a barely half filled house present. Most of the princi- pals distinguished themselves very favour- ably. To many present, Mr. Dampier's impersonation of the melancholy Dane was not new. He has taken the part of Hamlet in England, and in most, if not all, the Australian colonies, and in Sydney he played it for eight weeks in succession. His conception of the part is a good one, and if his interpretation occasionally lacks finish, so many of the best qualities of the actor necessary to an adequate presenta- tion of the character display themselves that any little faults are easily forgiven. In several of the scenes he rose to great power, noticeably in the players scene (Act III., Scene II.), and with the scene with the Queen in the same act. The duel scene between Hamlet and Laertes lacked strength, and the ending to the play was somewhat weak. Miss Catherine Russell's playing of the Queen was distinguished by a great deal of reserved power, and undoubtedly her best scene was that already referred to at the close of the third act. Miss Rose Dampier's Ophelia possessed considerable merit. Of the re- maining characters, Mr. Howard Smith (Horatio), Mr. Alfred Rolfe (Laertes), Mr. E. Duggan (Polonius), may be specially mentioned, and a word of praise is also due to Mr. F. C. Appleton, who played Claudius. The ghost of Hamlet's father, by Mr. E. Holloway, would have been better if a tendency to what might be styled pulpit declamation had been absent. Mr. George Buller deserves special credit for his really admirable assumption of the part of the first grave digger. This evening the last performance ot the season will be given, when " The Green Lanes of England " will be staged. During the night Mr. Dampier will recite "The Charge of the Light Brigade." 