BEOADBRIM'S NEW 1'OBK LETTER, Tou can make no guess. You can. cast no horoscope. - We have been looking for. the grand ratification meeting with which Tammany used to endorse the national Dominations, but ominous clouds hang lieavy oyer tbe tent of the great Sachem. No imperial Jsummons cails the faithful to battle. The Wmowiski sends forth, no war cry; the tomahawk lies buried deep in the grouud, and the air is heavy with the por tents of evil to tlie Chicago nominee. The move the political fighters think of it the more tlsey are amazed- The first and most astonish iog fact connected with the Boy Orator's nomination was liow he got into the convention. He represented a bolting faction ; lie was not regular, and the committee investigating his claims saw they were spurious and kicked him out, admitting the regular delegation. That would have settled acy ordinary claimant, but not Mr. Bryan. Doorkeeper Martin was strict in the construction of his order for admission, and tbe question arises, how did Mr. Hryan get in? and being in, if tbe chairman did his duty, how did he find his way to the platform ? aud not being a member, why was he permitted to speak ? All these questions are press ing upon the faithful here, and like the ghost oE Banquo, tiiey will not go down. There is a voice potential iu the claims for regularity, aud it is hard for those who have staked their political sal vation on it to acknowledge it is possible that right is above regularity, and that principle in times cf peril, when national life and national death tremble in the balance, never stops .to palter with expe diency ; or, if it does, it;leads to certain political death and damnation. No lover of this -country, no matter what the complexion of his political faith, can look with feelings of jubilation on the political death or disgrace of the democra tic party. We may differ widely on tl;e questions of protection and free trade; the purity of go-Id aud silver may divide u?, but if ire are true to our country that difference will never be so great as to threaten tbe national life or tarnish the national honor. When men like William C. Whitney, whoso high character and lite-long Service to democracy have made him President Cleveland's legitimate suc cessor, or Daniel Lament, President Cleve lands other self, are compelled to hold their peace or else endorse as the democratic nominee the alternative, is a bitter one for the faithful, view in which way you will. As sure as the sua rises and sets, New York will not be carried next November by the democrats. They forgot, in their moment of emotional madness, the advice of the immortal Shakespeare: " The friends thou bast, And their adoption tried, Grapple them to thy soul with hooks of steel; But do not dull thy palm with the en tertainment of every new and un fledged comrade." To the Old Guard who have stood in the battle front for years, who have rejoiced in the glory of its victories and mourned in ^ sorrow at its de.teats, the thought is j maddening that he, who came iu at the I eleventh hour, not only received his penny, i but carried away the golden prize from those who had borne the heat and burden of the day. Among men whose faith.fulness to demo cratic doctrines, as propounded by Jefferson, Jackson, aud the fathers, has never been questioned, are William H. Grace and ' H^nry 0oi>1,'it. When meu like the.-,-' a:\; compelled io tura their backs uuon old associates, there is danger in the air. i Up to the present time it has been insisted eri by the P'es'de;>"i t'r-,.r Govern ment officials should take 110 act if" partici pation i» the making up of tickets or the movement of political campaigns. Already tlirBfc members of Mr. C'l©velAii<l s <ia.biUBt , have publicly declared against the Chicago ! nominees. No voice of remonftrance xs heard from the White House or Gray Gables. Verily, verily, this augurs ill for the regular democratic ticket in the November ides. All the week a life has been wavering j between eternity and time, and tbe greatest of his name has suddenly been stricken down. If it werfe merely the pass ing away of plutocrat it might need but passing- mention; but Cornelius Vander Ijilt is something more than a multi millionaire. Born to great wealth, he was not pampered, but as soon as he could be taken from school was placed in a bank and given one of its smallest cleikships, and compelled to earn his living; this he did. without complaint, and from that day till William H. Yanderbilt died, he never -was a pensioner on his father. The old commodore, his grandfather, ■who was one of the most desperate gamblers that ever played a pair of deuces against a bob-tailed flush, was nevertheless a close watcher or the industry and thrift of his young grandson, who, before he became of age, was also made a millionaire by hia grandfather's gift. As a supreme test of character, the bank clerk, with a salary of eight hundred dollars a year, became the possessor of five millions in his own exclusive right, but this sndden change from poverty to riches made no change in the character of Cornelius Yanderbilt. The requirements of society and the demands of his family compelled a more pretentious establishment, but Cornelius Vanderbilt took no delight in the ostentatious shows ' of fashionable society. He regarded him- j self as God's almoner to the poor, and he i scattered millions without letting his left hand know what his right hand did. The amount of Cornelius Yanderbilfs benefactions will never be known, for in whatever he did to ameliorate the suffering of the poor and needy, he put others for ward and remained unknown himself. With a multitude of exacting duties, : which his office of vice-president of one of the greatest railroad corporations in the country entailed upon him, he still found time to listen to the calls of charity, which, : when worthy and properly endorsed, were never refused. One of his especial cares was the men employed on the New Yoik Central Rail- j road. A splendid building was erected by him, and was devoted exclusively to their use. A line library was at their disposal ; , baths and every other modern convenience were there free of cost. He never seemed to be weary of planning schemes for the comfort and elevation ot his employes, and in that respect he will be called the model corporation employer of the age. I He was stricken with paralysis early in the week. So severe was the attack that j all the members of the family were sud- ; denly summoned to New York. There j ! seems to be a paralytic tendency in the j family. It will be rema abared that his father's death was sudden; he had just | risen from the breakfast table, apparently in good health > a friend called on a matter of business ; he met him in his library; the conversation had only progressed a few minutes when he suddenly pitched for ward, and before help arrived he was dead. Mr. Vanderbilffs mind bad been greatly disturbed at the prospective mar riage of his favorite son, Cornelius, to- Miss Wilson ; the only objection being that she is a few years older than her affianced hus band. She is a very lovely young woman, highly accomplished, and in all respects the equal of the man she seeks to wed. Her affianced husband has not a . penny but what he receives from his father. The lady is a millionaire heiress in her own right. So violent has bean the opposition to the match ou the part of young Mr. Vanderbilt's family, that in a moment of an^er, when young Cornelius refused to o-ive up hia intended wife, his father threatened to disinherit him, and to the j voung man's honor be it recorded, he j accepted the alternative of poverty, if needs j foe, rather than abandon his sweetheart, at the unjust demand of his parent. j Cornelius "Vanderbilt is a good man and a just man, but in this case the general feeling is that he is wrong, and the sym pathies of the entire community are with the young man. It is to he hoped that his life may be spared many years for the sake of the thousands of poor and suffering unfortunates, whose misery and poverty his boundless charity has relieved. If he should die now a carping world would say that the cause of bis death was the head long obstinacy of bis son. This would cast a sorrow on the young man's life, which would darken it till the grave closed over him. It is to be hoped that returning health may dissipate the shadows that now so unhappily cloud it, and that at no dis tant date he may receive his father's bless ing while clasping the hand of the girl he loved, and still keep untarnished his honor, as a rich dower to his wife, worth more than his father's millions. The sentencing of two fire-bugs to States prison for life is the culmination of one of the most dastardly crimes on the criminal calendar. Most of the parties engaged in this nefarious business are Russian Jews of the lowest type, a class that has b°en a burden to us since they came in swarms to this country, and, to our misfortune, settled in New York. They have been a sore afflic tion and expense to the American, English, and German Jews, who are among our wealthiest and honorable merchants and bankers; men who have spent millions to 1 better the conditions of these Russian out easts without being able to improve them. Arson was not unknown among us before these Russians came here, but they have been the first to organize a business system, with a regular scale of prices for doing their damnable work. It mattered not whether it was a store, supposed to be filled with the goods, on which a large insurance had been secured, or a tenement house, where some murder ous villain had an insurance of a hundied dollars on. a lot of broken tables and chairs not worth five, the fire-bucrs were ready for the job. The room was on one of the lower floors of a five story tenement house, in which over a hundred peopl" lived together. The place was like a tinder-box ; the stairs caught fire, cutting off all escape that way. Ia a few minutes the whole front of the house was a sheet of flame, and within were the perishing i wretches, screaminsr for help. The iron ■ fire-escipes 011 the front of the house were j healed red hot and therefore worthless ; ! the result was that several human beings j were burned to death, to get a paultry I insurance of a hundred dollars. Hundreds 1 of fires were caused by those villains. ! Many lives were lost. Insurance emu j panics wero defrauded, and millions of 1 property destroyed. The two life- sentences i this week may for a time mitigate the evil, but, as Macbeth says, "We have scotched tile snake, not killed it." Rec-:yi:o—Froui the proprietors -if the BcrJer Watch, Mount Gabbier, an almanac an-1 dire.Lory for the Soiuh-EutE fur 3SW 