THANKSGIVING SERVICES. The Secretary of State has sent out to the Tasmanian Government copies of an order from the Lords of the Privy Council directing the Archbishop of Canterbury to prepare special forms of prayer to be issued on the occasion of the celebration of the 60 years' reign,, together with the complete form of prayer proposed in accordance with the order. The form of prayer is as follows ; Morning or evening prayer shall begin with this sentence : I exhort that first of all supplications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks be made for all men, for kings, and for all that are in authority, that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty, for this is good and acceptable unto God, our Saviour. Tim. ii., 12 3 Proper Psalm xx., ci., xxxi. Proper InsBons, the first, Joshua i to verse 10, or Proverbs vii!., to versa 17. The second, Romans xiii. to verse 11, or Revelations xxi., 22, to xxii., 4. The Suffiuges next alter the Creed stand thus : Priest : 0 Lord, show Thy mercy upon us. Answer : And grant us Thy salvation. Priest : 0 Lord save the Queen. Answer: Who putteth her trust in Thee. Priest : Send her help from Thy holy place. Answer : And evermore mightily defend her. Priest : Let her enemies have no advantage over her. Answer : Let not the wicked approach to hurt her. Priest : Endue Thy ministers with righteousness Answer : And make Thy chosen people jovial. Priest : 0 Lord save Thy people. Answer : And bless Thine inheritance. Priest : Give peace in our time, O Lord. Answer : Because there is none other that fighteth for us, but only Thou O God. Priest: Be unto UB, 0 Lord, a strong tourer. Answer : From the face of our enemies. Priest : O Lord hear our prayer. Answer : And let our cry come unto Thee. After the first collect at morning or evening prayer shall be used the following collect :-" 0 God, which provides for the people by Thy power, and rulest over them in love, grant unto Thy servant, our Queen, the spirit t of wisdom and government that being devoted unto Thee with all her heart, (he may so wisely govern this kingdom that in her time the Church may be in safety, and Christian devotion may continue in peace; that so persevering in good works unto the end she may by Thy guidance come to Thine everlasting kingdom through Jesus Christ, Thy Son, our Lord, who liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, ever one God, world without end. Amen." If the Litany be sung or said these prayers shall follow immediately after the prayer " We humbly beseech Thee," and if the Litany be not sung or said, then these prayers, shall be said instead of the prayers for the Queen and for the Royal Family at Matins or Evensong "O Lord. our God, who upholders and governs all things by the word of Thy power, receive our humble prayer forourSovereignLady Victorians on this day] set over us by Thy grace and provi- dence to be our Queen, and together with her bless, we beseech Thee, Albert Edward, Prince of Wales, the Princess of Wales, and all the Royal Family, that they all ever trusting in Thy goodness, protected by Thy power, and crowned by Thy gracious and endless favour, may continue before Thee in health, peace, joy, and honour, and may live long and happy lives upon earth and after death obtain everlasting life and glory by the merits and mediation of Christ Jesus, our Saviour, who with Thee and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth ever one God, world without end. Amen." "Almighty God, who rules over all the kingdoms of the world, and dispose of them according totby good pleasure. we yield Thee unfeigned thanks, for that Thou was pleased [as on this day] to place Thy servant, our Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria, upon the Throne of this Realm. Let Thy wisdom be her guide, and let Thine arm strengthen her; let justice, truth, and holiness ; let peace and love flourish in her days. Direct all her counsels and endeavours to Thy glory and to the welfare of her people, and give us trrJCO to obey her cheerfully, for conscience sake. Let her always possess the hearts of her people ; let her reign be long and prosperous and crown her with immortality in the life to come through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." > A prayer for unity- " 0 God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, our only Saviour, the prince of peace, give us grace seriously to lay to heart the great dangers we are in by unhappy divisions. Take away all hatred and prejudice, and whatsoever else may hinder us from godly union and Concord, that as there is but one Body and one Spirit, and one hope of our calling one Lord, one faith, One baptism, one God and Father of us all, so we may henceforth be all of one heart and of one soul, united in one holy bond of truth and peace, of faith and charity, and may with one mind and one mouth glorify Thee through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." In the Communion service, instead of the collect for the Queen, the collect " 0 God which provides" shall be said after the collect for the day. The Epistle I. St. Peter li., 11. " Dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims, abstain from fleshly lusts which war against the soul, having your conversation honest among the Gentiles that whereas they speak against you as evildoers they may by your good works which they shall behold, glorify God in the day of visitation. Sub- mit yourselves recovery ordinance of man for the Lord's sake, whether it be to the King as supreme or unto Governors as unto them that are sent by Him for the punishment of evildoers and for the praise of them that do well. For so is the will of God that with well-doing ye may put to silence the ignorance of foolish men as free and not using your liberty for a cloak of maliciousness but as the servants of God, Honour all Men, Love the Brotherhood, Fear God, Honour the King," The Gospel St. Matthew xxii., 16, "And they sent unto Him their disciples with the Herodians, saying, Master, we know that Thou art true and teach the way of God in truth, neither carest Thou for any man. For Thou regarded not the person of men ; tell us, therefore, what thinkest Thou ; Is it lawful to give unto Caesar or not? But Jesus perceived their wickedness and said, Why tempt ye me, ye hypocrites. Show me the tribute money, and they brought unto him a penny, and he said unto them, Whose is the image and superstition ? They say unto him Caesar's. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto Collar the things which are Caesar's and unto God the things that are God's. When they had heard these words they marvelled and left him and went their way." Thanksgiving to be laid immediately after the general thanksgiving: Lord, our Heavenly Father, we give Thee hearty thanks for the many blessings which Thou hast bestowed upon us during the 60 years of the happy reign of our gracious Queen Victoria. We thank Thee for pro- gress made in the knowledge of Thy marvellous works for increase of comfort given] to human life, for kindness feeling between rich and poor, for wonderful preaching at the gospel to many nations, and we pray Thee that these and all Thy other gifts may be long continued to us and to our Queen, to the glory of Thy Holy Marne, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." 