FALSE EVIDENCE. l Ih By E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM, Author of " A Monk of Crnta," " A Daughter of the Marioni," &c.;, &c.; n h m l CHAPTER VL USrNTBBBUPTEDADDKISS. Imagine a long, bare-looking apartment with white-washed walls and generally cheerless appearance, in one corner of which bad been pushed aside blackboards, piles of maps, and other evidences of the schoolroom. Seated on benches which reached to the entrance door was a very fair sprinkling of the Porlock labourers and tradespeople, whose healthy red faces were shining with hope and expectation, and whose whole appearance denoted a lively and creditable desire to be enlightened on the very important subject which tnev bad come to hear discussed. If any one was interested in the land question surely they were, for they all lived either upon it or by it, except a few whose nautical garb betrayed another occupation, and whose presence was the subject of a great deal of good-humoured chaff before the proceedings opened. " Eh, Bill," cried one of the land toilers whom 1 knew well, for he worked at Farmer Smith's up at Bossington, "what dost want know about tland, eh? Thisll noa teach thee to catch fLbhes.' " Never thee moind about that, Joe," was the good-humoured answer, " we want noabody to teach us how to catch fish, we don't. I ha' come t' hear what the bloke from Minehead's got to say 'bout you poor de'ls o'landsmen just out o' curiosity like." "Coom, Bill, I like that," returned the first speaker. " Poor deil's indeed! Bean't we as well off as you vishers, eh?" " Koa, of course you bean't. How can yer be when every voot of land yer tread on belongs to your measters? Why, we can go Bailing away vor days on the zea, lads, and we've <us much right their as any voine gentleman in his steam yacht. T' zea belongs to as zall, ver zAo, and: we as goes vishing ha^got as much !n>ight the'er as any one. I reckon we've got the best o' you landsmen their, eh, Bill? Ha, ha, ha!" To my deep regret this interesting discussion was here brought to a sudden termination by the appearance of my father, the lecturer, and the committee upon the platform. Instantly there was a deep silence, for country audiences, in that respect, are far better bred than town ones, in the midst of which my father, in a few kindly, well-chosen words, introduced the lecturer to them. . When he resumed his chair there was aborst of applause (Devonshire men are generous with their hands and feet), at the conclusion of which the lecturer, a retired linendraper from Minehead, stepped forward. Of course hisdoing so was the signal for another little round of cheering, during which he stood rustling his papers about, edging down his cuffs, and making desperate efforts to appear at his ease, which he most certainly was not. At last he made ^a start, and in less . than five minutes I found myself devoutly wishing that he wonld look «harp and finish. The land question may be an immensely interesting one—no doubt it is; but when it consists in having long strings of depressing statistics hurled mercilessly at you by a nervous Httle ex-vendor of calico, who made a point of dropping his h's, you can very soon have enough of it. Before long I saw my father politely stifle a yawn —a piece of delicacy which I, not being upon the platform, did not think it necessary to imitate. The audience behaved admirably. The painful effects written on the faces of most of them to appear intelligently interested were quite affecting, and at exactly the proper moments they never failed to bring in a little encouraging applause. I'm quite sure thete wasn't one of them who understood a word of what the man was saying, but they were evidently charitably inclined to put this down to their own stupidity rather than to the incompetence of the lecturer. He had been droning on for about half an hour when a slight commotion, caused by the noisy entrance of some late comers, led me to turn my head.' Instantly my spirits rose, for I foresaw a row. The new-comers were all Luccombs men, and between the men of Luccombe &nd; the men of Porlock there existed & deadly eaaiity. They-were rivals in sport and also in poiitics. for whilst Luccombe boasted a fi&dieaf; club. Porlock was distinctly Conservative. The arrival of those Iiuccombites, therefore. WAS most promising, far they certainly had coV come out of compliment to their neighbour ti-i I took an early opportunity of changing tay seat for one nearer the back of the. as to be in the fun in case there should bs iny. _Io cersniiiiy seemed aB though something would cuuio of it. There were several strangers aiaongtt the newcomers, and one of them in ^i&rsiuul;&r; attracted my attention. He was a big, white-c&ced; man, with continually blinking itid stupid, vacuous face, and every now and then he gave vent to his feelings by a prolonged animal cry which afforded the most exqaisice amusement to his companions, and never failed to produce the utmost consternation in the lecturer's startled face. I don't know tfh/ it was so, but I took a violent dislike to that.man the moment I saw him. He was so ugly, sojike an animal, besides which he w.a evidently half drunk. He eeemed of a different apeciae altogether to the broad- shouldered, ruddy-faced, good-humoured Devonshim men hy whom he was surrouiudered, and a very inferior species, too. After SL while my attention was distracted from bim to other Luccombites, who were evidently bent upon breaking up the meeting. The lecturer was by no means the sort of man to defy the uproar, and insist upon finishing what he had to say. After, a very mild protest, the meekness of which caused a howl of derision from tbe peace- breakers, he brought his lecture to an abrupt close and sat down. Then my father rose, and spoke a few stern reproving words, which had an infinitely better effect. But I was too occupied in watching the extraordinary behaviour- of the whitefaced man from Luccombe to listen to them. He had half risen to his feet, and was leaning over the back of one of the benches with his eyes and mouth wide open, staring with a stupidly bewildered look at my father. Suddenly, he turned round to his companions. "Say, lads, should you like to see me shut that joker up?" I felt hot with indignation, but I kept still. "Ay, Jack, or .Thomas, or whatever your name is," answered one of the Luccombites, " give him a cock-a-doodle-do." The man smiled an ugly, sickly smile. "I'll do .better nor that," he muttered. " Listen, you 'ere," and, leaning forward, he shouted out one word at the top of his voice— "Yah! coward!" I saw my father reel backwards as though he were shot, and the word he was uttering died away upon his lips. For a moment I hesitated whether to rush to him or at the man who had yelled out that word. But one glance at his ugly, triumphant face decided me. With two rapid strides I was across the room, and my hand was on his collar. "Come on!" 1 shouted, "Come along!" He turned his fishy eyes up at me in amazement. "Whatd'ye want? What d'ye mean?" he called out. " Let me go, you yonng cub, you. You're choking me." " FH do worse than choke yob before I've done," I cried passionately. "Comeoutside and fight, you great beast," and I dragged him half across the floor, for he was striving to free himself and shaking like a jellyfish. The audience had sat quite still in their places until now, only half-realizing what was going on. But at my words it seemed suddenly to dawn upon them, and they crowded around us with a full appreciation of my intended action. "Let him be, Maeater Hugh; we'll bring him along," they cried heartily, for there was not one whom I did not know. '' We won't let him go, no fear. Who be 'e to call Maester Arbuthnot names?" The man whom I jealously released shook himself sulkily and slouched along in the middle of the crowd towards the door. "I don't want to be let go," he_ sneered. " If the boy wants a whipping I'll give it !m. Most like he's a coward like his father though, and won't stand up to it." My blood was boiling, but I would not answer. There were others to speak for me, though. " You'd best keep that d—- tongue of yours fro'wagging in yer ugly mouth," cried Jim Holmes, the blacksmith. "The lad's i' the right to stand up for his rather, and, boy or no Virt*- boy, he's like lil-u *rt to make maVfl a jelly- bag o' n' you. vnn Bring Brinrr him on to the green, lads." They brought him on to the green, and quickly formed {a rinj?. The policeman, who was present as a delighted spectator, and who never dreamt of interfering, was good enough to hold my coat and waistcoat; whilst my adversary, unable to find any one willing to perform the same kind office for bim, had to deposit his on the ground. He seemed in no hurry to declare himself ready, but at last the word was given, and we stood face to face. Even then he held up his hand for a minute's longer grace, and stared at me as though I were a ghost. " My God'." he muttered to himself. " It's Mr. Herbert's own self. It's just as he looked at me in the tent," and he stared at me as though frightened, yet fascinated. Tben we began. Of course I am not going to describe the fight. If we had been alone, I should probably have killed him. As it was, they held me off by sheer force when they thought that he had had enough, and there was life still in him when I turned away, followed by an enthusiastic little crowd. But not much. I went straight to the schoolroom. It was deserted, and the gas was turned down. From one of the loiterers outside I heard that my father had gone home, and hastily bidding good-night to the little crowd who still hung about my heels, I followed in the same direction. I had thought that I should have overtaken my father, and at every turn of the lane I ooked forward to catching sight of him. But was disappointed, and when I at last reached ome without HAVING done BO, I began to feel uneasy. I did not at once enter the but looked in at the window. My and Marian were alone, working. I through into the hall. Neither his hat nor coat were there. He could not have yet returned. And when I realized this I stepped back on the lawn, ale and shivering, for a horrible foreboding Ead laid hold of me. What could have become of him? Where could he have gone? I could not imagine; I dared not conjecture. (To be continued To-morrow.] 