IN THE DEAD OF NIGHT, By fcbe Popular AuthoresB, ADA CAMBRIDGE. Published by special arrangement ivith Messrs. Ward, Lock fp Go., Ltd. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER III—(Continued). "Wingate was about to leave the lodge, •ffhcn lira Rowe, the keeper’s mother, hav jmr risen from bed and dressed in haste, jn order to find out what was doing at this hour of the night, entered the parlour, curtsied, looked from one to another with an expectant smile, and then caught sight of the coil of rope and pounced upon it. " Why, if this ain’t the clothes line that was stole last night!” she ejaculated, with round eyes and uplifted hands. “ Why, Abel, wherever did you find it ?” “ This gentleman found it, mother, in the garden at The Chase.” “Lor! Right away up there! What ever-” “ Was it yours ?” interposed Wingate eagerly. " No, Bir, the rector’s. His housekeeper bought it new last week, and the very first time she used it she had it stole. Strange to say, the linen that was hanging on it— for myself, I don’t believe in leavi g your clothes out all night—was left on the frrass, and only the line took, ’ ° “ Only the line was required,” said Billy. " But how do you know it is the same ?” •' Because there wasn’t another new clothes line in the place.” " I suppose rope is used for other pur poses. Probably this was brought to The Chase from quite another direction.” “ And to The Chase, of all places !” She desired ardently to enter upon a long discussion, covering the matter of the ghost, but sudden reticence had fallen upon the visitor. He affected surprise to find that it was near upon mid night, and concern that his wife was so late up after a journey, and took a hasty leave, carrying his rope with him. As. soon as they were both upon the high road, out of ear-shot of the lodge, he said to his wife, solemnly — “ Nettie, either that fellow is in league with the burglars, or Adelaide Balcombe has some game on hand. One or the “ Then it must be Adelaide Balcombe,” said Nettie, “ for 1 am convinced that Abel Rowe is as honest as the day.” " How are you convinced ?” her husband “ By the look in his face—the way he speaks—everything.” “ Woman’s instinct!” laughed Billy. “ Now I think his manner most suspicious : his disinclination to have the matter in quired into—his preposterous suggestion that the candle-man is a ghost—every thing, as you would say. But things look black against the rector’s house too. We will interview Mrs George Desailly to morrow morning, and get particulars con cerning the larceny of the clothes line. I’m awfully curious to see her, apart from that. I wonder how she’ll receive me, and what she looks like now P She was un commonly pretty as a girl, in her white cat style. And I’ll make her tell that story about Lexie before I’ve done—and watch how she does it. I can’t get it out of my mind somehow that it’s all a pack of ” But what thon, Billy ?” “ Oh, God knows 1 I believe she wa.3 enticed away by that foreign fellow—on some charitable errand pe-haps — and murdered for the necklace. That, to me, is far more likely than the other thing. And they never seem to have thought of it! Fancy, never thinking of it, and never lifting a hand or taking a step to find her!” "I suppose they had more reason than you know of,” suggested Nettie, saying to herself, with an inward sigh, “ How he harps upon that woman! How impossible he thinks it for her to have done wrong !” They found Mrs Yenn’s door-key under the mat, and slipped through the house to bed, and tried to sleep. Nettie succeeded, for she was only twenty-two and her heart was at rest—3he did not seriously concern herself about her handsome husband’s past j Billy declared in the morning that the Lather mattress had defeated him, and that if they stayed another night in that place he should sleep on the floor. He took a nip of whisky before breakfast, to clear his brain of morbid thoughts that had haunted him through the dark hours. Their buggy having no seat for a servant, and the English-feeling morning — a mixture of delicate mist and sunshine— being more inviting than usual, they agreed to do their errands to the rectory and the agent’s house on foot. And they set forth early, without confiding their business or late experiences to their garrulous landlady, Wingate being still under the impression that a police case impended in which anybody might be in volved. Their first call was upon the interesting Geraldine B.ilcombe that was, and Win gate was almost certain that he saw her face at an upper window as they passed through the well-remembered garden, where the beech tree under which she used to make afternoon tea was beginning to turn yellow, and the myriad chrysanthe mum buds opening into bloom. Great, therefore, was their disappointment when the genial rector, who received them in his study, presently intimated that she was two unwell to come downstairs. His mention of the fact that she had seen the linen taken from the lost line, when gazing at the moon from her bedroom window— unfortunately assuming that it was the housekeeper who, for fear of thieves, was bringing it indoors—saved Wingate the awkwardness of introducing her name, and gave him his opportunity to explain that she was an old friend. His touching account of his intimacy with her and her family in past years—of how he had been a guest in this very house, treated like a son, and how interesting he found it to return to the old scones and revive the bappy memories connected therewith— caused Mr Martin to send a message to Mrs Besailly, with the expectation that she would make a special effort in response; but her answer, long delayed, was that she begged Mr Wingate would excuse her, and the report of the servant to the fact that the lady had had a kind of fainting fit at the moment of hearing his name. Wingate expressed his sorrow for this stato of things, looking becomingly grave, but revealing a certain elation at the bank of his gravity to Nettie’s watchful eye. His air of sympathy and his claim to old friendship had the anticipated result. of drawing confidences from Mr Martin which he would not have reposed in a stranger. " I daresay,” said he, “ you are aware of the sad dissensions in the Desailly family ?” Wingate said he was, implying a com plete knowledge of all their affairs. “ She suffers terribly,” the rector con tinued, shaking his head ; “ more than Sir Walter can have any idea of, or he would never treat her so inhumanly as he does.’ “ I cannot realise his character, as you and others paint it,” said Wingate. “ I was his chosen eomrade for years when we were both young men, and never knew a kinder-hearted fellow. He must have greatly changed.” “ He has, evidently. To hound a poor, weak woman into her grave or the mad house—no man worthy of the name of man, let alone a gentleman, and one with a kind heart, could stoop to such cowardly, such infamous conduct.” The warmth with which this speech was •delivered suggested to Wingate that the fascinating Geraldine had not yet out grown her fascinations. I am quite sure,” he said, “ that my old friend could not stoop to that, however changed. There must be some misunder standing somewhere. Possibly you are not acquainted with all the circumstances.” “ Pardon me. Mrs Desailly has herself done me the honor to confide the whole matter to me, without reserve.” “ I Bee,” murmured Billy, with another look at his wife, who sat out of the discus> sion as far as her host’s politeness allowed. “And I have the evidence of my own eyes, Mr "Wingate—of her terrible state of health, the result of these constant trials. They have so preyed upon a highly nervous constitution that the brain seams to have become incapable of rest. She is a martyr to insomnia in its most acute form.” “I am really awfully sorry to hear it,” remarked Wingate, in a commiserating tone, and with all his wits on the alert. “ Yes. She has taken to walking in her sleep—when she does sleep—whioh greatly alarms me. And one doesn’t know what to do in such a case, especially in my situation. I am afraid to lock her in, lest she should fall out of the window or have an accident with the oandle. She naturally objects to have a servant with her at night, and opiates she has a horror of—so have I. I have known the habit of taking morphia to entirely destroy all moral principle and self- restraint. I would rather any one belonging to me poison himself outright than take a single dose of it.” “ You have really proved the somnam bulism ? ” Wingate queried gently. “ Beyond a doubt. I met her on the road a few nights ago, hours after she had retired to bed—I was called from mine to attend a dying parishioner—and she told me she had no idea how she got there. It is a most serious symptom in her case. I have tried to impress this upon her, and to persuade her to seek medical advice.” “ And won’t she ? ” “ She wishes to gi' e herself a fair trial of the country first. She thinks her native air and the peace and quiet of her present life are doing her good, and will soon restore her altogether. I am bound to say I don’t. I think the disorganisation of the nervous system increases daily. Indeed, if her husband does not come very soon, I must send for him, or else for a good doctor, for my own satisfaction,” “ Does she expect her husband soon ? ” “ Any day. But he is rather an erratic person, as perhaps yon know. I proposed to fetch her daughter to keep her com pany, but she won’t hear of it. She thinks it bad for a child to be shut up with a nervous invalid. Perhaps it is. But I am sure it is advisable to have some one to stay with her. It would relieve me of much responsibility, and keep her from brooding and fretting so much.” “ I should insist upon it,” said Wingate, “ if I were you. By the way, you don’t think she may have taken the clothes line herself, when walking in her sleep ? ” “ Oh, no; certainly not. She was awake and looking from tho window when she saw the thief, and that was one of her better nights. But last night she must have been out again. We did not hear her moving, but my housekeeper says there is no doubt about it. She judges by the state of her clothes and shoes. And she seems this morning to be prostrate with exhaustion, though she stayed in the house all yesterday.” “ I should certainly get a doctor at once,” said Wingate, rising, “ and make him insist on her being watched at night. Your housekeeper looks a lady-like person; Mrs Desailly could not object to her having a bed in her room, under the circumstances. But the best thing, of course, would be to send for her husband to come and take her “ I cannot be inhospitable,” the poor rector faltered, “ if the change of air is really doing her any goodt But—well, I must talk matters over with her when she gets up.” “And pray command me, if I can be of any use,” said Wingate. “ As an old friend, you know-” “ Oh, thank you, thank you! Where are you staying? Won’t you take lunch with me ? Pray do—you and Mrs Win gate—and perhaps Mrs Desailly might then be well enough to come down. She will be deeply disappointed, I am sure, to miss seeing you. Everything connected with her happy girlhood is so intensely in teresting to her. And I should like to show you the church and the improvements 1 have made. You will find things looking very different to what they were in poor old Balcombe’s time.” The visitors pleaded the pressing nature of their business with the squire’s agent, which turned the conversation upon the burglars, the ghost, and contingent mat ters, delaying their departure for another half-hour. But engagements were entered into for an exchange of hospitalities when convenient, while the rector walked with them to his garden gate, gathering flowers for Nettie by the way; and before sepa rating cordial offers of assistance in their respective difficulties were provisionally accepted on both sides. As Wingate shook hands with his new friend, promising to call again later to report progress in the i affair of the rope, he saw a face in an upper window, peeping from behind a blind. While he tried to draw Nettie’s attention to it, it disappeared. " But I know that profile,” he said, when they were again upon the road, “ and I see the whole thing as dear as day. It isn’t burglars—it’s some fight going on between Walter and her—I should imagine for the possession of something he’s got locked up at The Chase. Compromising docu ments, p°rhaps. Well, though it doesn’t seem exactly chivalrous, and though I don’t owe him any service, but quite the con trary, I am going to be on Walter’s side. And we’ll stop here, Nettie, if you have no objection, till wo get through with the affair.” “ Oh, I have no objection,” cried Nettie, heartily ; “ far from it! I wouldn’t go away now for fifty pounds. I never was so interested in anything in all my life.” 