METHODIST UNION. OKGANTO Oil OTHERWISE IXI11ATI0X OF THE OEfBATE; TE'liPERATE RPEECHIiSS FOR AND AGAINST. The -Wesleyans have tljeir hands quite full just Ut ; present. In common with other Churches Ihey are concerned to a certaiu extent in oppos ing the Cardiual's candidature for the Federal Convention, but tbey have also a little federal echeme of their own on hand, which la creating n good deal of interest in "the denomination. ' It is a "more complete federation than the political : scheme, in that It docs not propose to preserve the autonomy of the federating bodies. They call It an organic union. The movement is a stage further ahead than its political prototype, i for It has already been referred to the vote of j the people by xpeans of the referendum, and the 1 result Is now before the conference, "which re- 1 legated the question to the popular judgment. ' The trouble appears to be the interpretation of the ! figures. There are what may be termed "pru- \ dept" unionists, who hold that the majority in ; favor qf union is not sufficiently large to warrant j them in going on with the movement, while the rest 'believe, that they cannot draw back from the proposals they made to the sister Churches. .The matter was taken up by the conference ge-jiuiuay tiiivtuuuu, v.itu i.ue kiuucuiiuiiuiiio IUML 5t should be discussed continuously until this i evening; when a vote' will be taken. "A keen interest was manifested in the debate both by the members of the conference and those outside, trbe galleries were .crowded during the afternoon and evening sessions. The Rev. J. "W.oolnough 1 president) occupied the chair. The Rev. W. \V. Rutledge, who has taken a 'prominent part in the moyepiont, introduced tjie question by the presentation of reports from 'f ede- j ral 'councils, and other documents, all of which 1 have from time to time appeared lu ''The Daily Jelegraph." i Then the conference spent three-quarters of an j (hour in debating the advisability of debating tiie i ihing at all. Air. 'Joseph Victory, on a notice of motion, ftsked the conference to go to the vote .without I llebate. He did not think any amount of elo- ftuenco v/oulu influence a single vote or throw uny additional light' on tho subject.. Union was not to be brought about by debate, but by tfie power of the Holy Ghost. (Loud cheers.) Mr. "W. Robs, on would not Illm to turn the con ference into a mere voting machine. They had all come to the debate with open minds. "Ho bad an open mind — (loud laughter)— but he. bad yet to meet tlib man on the other side who could tonvincq him. (Renewed laughter.) The motion was negatived by an overwhelming majority, but Die matter did not drop here. The Chairman asked for an expression of opinion as lo" placing a time limit on the speeches and the mode of voting. Conference docidod to allow the .movers of the motion and the amendment — which, by the way, 'was prjnfed and circulated— 20 min utes' each and the rest 20. Hence it was that the majority of the speakers were interrupted jn thejr perorations by the clang of the ebalrman's boil and the intimation that he had only wrilye minutes more" hi which to gather up the threads of his argument. They also decided .to .dlvi.dp tlio .conference on the general question this afternoon, : instead of taking a ballot', 'as suggested by one lay member. ' The Rev. George Lane asked for, a ruling of the fchairqian "as to whether the vote to be taken flvould be finql. The president, who, although he has only been In tho chair comparatively a few hours, was not to be drawn Info a deliverance. Hp stated the lease "very calmly and deliberately, and intima ted that wheb.be vote had been taken he would lell them' whether the question bad been passed the reply. At 4 o'clopk the debate proper was opened by the Rev. \V. W. Rutjedge, wlio. moved (omitting the preamble) ' ' . . ' \ ' (a) This conference, in view of the large majority of totes of our congregations, trustees, 'and quarterly meetings in favor, of organic union, tfeclares its willing ness- to take steps to' effect an orgauicj union of the WesJeyan Melludist, 'Primitive Methodist, and United Free Methodist Churcjn s of New South Wales on the basis accepted hy the .General Conference of 1804. (b) In the opinion of the conference the actual organic hniou of jhe .Churches' concerned should be gradually effected, and coinmenee not later than lite year 1002. (c) From and after tiint date amalgamation and Adjustments to be gradually effected In accordance with the wishes of the circuits and districts concerned. (d) The cqnforonee, tluTufore, resolves that, with flip concurrence' of the ether Methodise Churches, the Slethodist Federal Council of New South Wales be ru- Annoiqted, the functions of which shall be — . (1) To foster a fraternal fpirit amongst the Churches. (2) To promote a periodical Interchange of pulpits and U»e holding of united' meetings. ' (J) To qonsider any proposals for tin? .union of local blmrches and circuits, to consider any' proposals for building hew churches or taking' nn new stations in jccahties wlierp Methodist agencies already .exist, wijth ; n view to prevent overlapping. ' 'The council may originate proposals, and hi ail cases shall report to the ! pupremc courts of the respective churches. \- j \ That, in order to rocur'o a uniform standard .of ministerial ettlciency, overtures be made to the other Churches Jo establish a united examining committee, to winch all candidates for the ministry shall be pre- > BenleU for approval. " ! a;(5) During the on, suing conferentiul year the Metlio- mst Federal Council shall take into consideration what local enactments are necessary, and "what other -steps required, for effecting organic union on the lines , ! nj the scheme submitted' To the people und church courts. and report to the conference "of 1S98. ; He cleared the ground by.u preliminary hope uat tb.e dlBCUSsiou would be conducted in n uian- Jier which would prove tlio groundlessness of the suggestion that they were unable to. talk about this question without losing their tempers. This qdestton had been before the public for at least 35: years, antl it was not oho' that affected ' this.- colony only. Indeed, .the Adelaide conference bad ' qlready passed a reso lution in fayor of organic union wid he had received information that in Viotoria union was assured, while there was no- possible doubt as to the outcome of the movement |u Queensland. Surely; then, there should be pome good, reason for it, if Now South Wales held back. He dwelt strongly ou the resolution passed by . conference last " year. There was no question in that; ho said, of the principle itself.'1 It was Bihiply -a question of the date of consummating tbp union. The non-unionists arled "Ob.V. Mr. Rutledge proceeded to deal wlth; the resujt i of the voting. ' It' ineant,\ Uo ' said, 'that Where one man -said "No" to union, three said " I'Yes."' As ' to the "trustees' votj. he. did not think it was intended that ministers . elmuld vote as trustees, and he was glad to think that- the majority of those Ministers in fayor of union refrained from voting. (Cheers and dis sent.) Mr. Rutledge had a lot more to say in the. way of analysis of the figures. He had not ''finished when the chairman's bell pulled hiiii up. Mr. S.. Gannon, of Lithgow, seconded the reso lution, without adding a speech. Mr. R. H. Ducker, as the mover of the amend ment which had been foreshadowed, stated the case, and'stated it )veU for "the otlier side, lie disclaimed any unfriendliness to the other Churches; indeed, he thought the most friendly action one could perform towards the Primitive Methodists and the Methodist Free Church would be to.' leaye' them alone to go their own way, aud not seek to inveigle them into a union which must prove disastrous to them. He deeply de plored the continuation of this agitation. It had been most injurious to the Church work. Fur ther than this, he did not believe In applying tho hard and fast rule of majority domination to spiritual matters. Then, again, where was it to lead them? Frankly he did not believe they all knew the difference between unity of effort and organic union, or else they would hardly find 20 to favor the latter. There were derisive cheers at this statement. Mr. Ducker then put forward tho hypothesis that organic union \yas impossible, because it had been found to be so where It had been tried. He waited expectantly for it to be challenged. It was. Among other propositions he advanced was this, that had the thing been practicable or possible, it would have been an accomplished fact ere now. Besides, it was undesirable as well as impossible, and even if it were ever consummated, it would be built on a divided Church — on the ruins of a divided Church. He moved as an amendment— That ill is conference, having before it tke report of the Weslcyan section cif the Federal Council, upon the vote taken on MctpoUist organic union, linds:-? 1\. Tliat less than one-third of the adherents have voted af All, and less than one-fourth arc in favor of organic union. 2. That the responsible officers of the Church, as represented in the quarterly niid trustee meetings, are strongly and seriously divided, f!. That the vote of the district synods was decidedly against union. That, in the presence of a vote indicating such divided feeling, the conference resolves that any further nego tiation towards oi'gauio union is 'at present undesir able, and believes that continued agitation would endanger the peace ami prosjieritv of the denomination. But. impressed with the desirability of unitv of spirit, and harmonious working among the different branches of the Methodist family, this conference would ghull'v accent such a federation of these Churches as would prevent overlapping and Church rivalry, secure a more economical working, anil foster a closer brothcrliness; and that, while not destroying tho autonomy of the Pburchcs, would give lite weight of a common voice and action on all matters of public importance. And, wifch the view of promoting this, it appoints representa tives to the Federal Council. Mr. R. S. Callaghan seconded this amend ment. He favored union, but not of the organic variety. \Yhy not federate ou something like the same lings as the colonies were doing politically? Tbey (the colonies) would never think' of organic union. But even, if other esleyans in other colonies did decide for organic union, that was no reason why New' South Wales should do so. We'stood alone in our fiscal policy, ahd yet we stood at the bead of the group. (Cheers.) Then, again, it was 'not always wise for majorities to rule. Someone wanted to know whether minorities ought to rule, or who? " The Presidont (making a neat boundary hit): I happen to be in the chair, and, therefore, I rule. (Loud applause.) Mr. Callaghan concluded with a suggestion of compromise. The Rey. Rainsford Bavin was the last speaker in tho afternoon. He thought they, had come to the parting of the ways. They must either complete this union' or tell the other Churches with which they had been coquetting that they were going to back out of the proposals they had. made to them. There was no idea of sad dling themselves with heavy financial responsibi lities, and really they could not afford to stand out of the movement, which was as national as the bigger political scheme. He was' jealous of the honor of Wesl'eyaris. They had been court ing the other Churches for 25 years. "Was it honorable to turn one's back ou them now? Briefly, it amounted to this — they were asked to give up the term "Wesleyans," and call them selves Methodists. Everything that was vital to Wesleyans had been, conserved to them. Mr. T. P. Reeve, opened tho discussion after tea." In tlie interests of "peace and harmony he was going to vote against the resolution. The Rev. W. G. Taylor claimed to know some thing of the feeling of the people in the country, and he felt quite sure that they would cheer fully accept the voice of the conference as the voice of God. (Cheers.) They had set the ball rolling. It had rolled too far down the hill now for tbera to think of stopping it or turning it back, without wrecking their copnexional honor, On)y two, courses were open to them. Conference had expressed itself in' favor of union, and It must cither stand io the proposals it had made- to the other Churches, or decide to go back. The llev. Joseph Spence, another ex-president, followed. He dwelL more particularly on Hie method of taking the vote of tho people and its vaLue. He did not think the voters understood the question. He gave au instance — an extreme one, he admitted. A country adherent, on being asked what he thought' of the scheme, said it made good reading, "but not quite such good stuff as tue minister nuu suppueu ueiuiu. iuc minister in question had been in the habit of dis tributing tracts. He did not think any Parlia ment in the world would ever grant an Act of Amalgamation on a vote like this. Mr. T. Halliday expressed himself in favor of union. The Rqv. J. W. Dowson could not endorse the votb of tho people in favor of uniou. I-Ie had come to the cqnclusion that this thing had ori ginated from beneath. It was doiug the Church Jin incalculable amount of barm. Mr. J. S. Larkc, the Canadian Commissioner, made a strong speech in favor. He used the argumentum ad experientiam very largely as applied to Canada. He gave glowing accounts of the result of union in the i)omiuion. The -Rev. J. G. Middfeton related the case of a voter who had recorded his opinion of the subject under the impression that he was dealing with somo musical union for the churches. He liacl misinterpreted "the meaniug of "organic." In reply to an interjection, Air. Middloion expressed the oplhion'tliat the other Churches with which it was proposed to unite could not boast such a high standard of preachers as the Wesleyans. Tlie Rev. A. J.. Webb's idea of union was not one in which hydraulic pressure was used, but a bond of love and union with the Master. Tho Rev. J. E. Carruthers thought there was such a thing as compromise in these matters. The resolution did not say that tbey should go into the union straight away. The Rev. W. Clark: That is the subtlety of It. The Rev. J. E. Carruthers: That is tho honesty of ft. (Cheers.) They would have to fail iu with this movement, or como out of the General" Con- . ference. He would have liked to see the vote on this question preceded by a week of special prayer. ' TJjo Rev. C. J. Prescott, M.A., was the only other speaker last night'. He refused to give up his right .to bav.e the final say in this matter just because the people had been appealed to. The last conference could' 'not' tie the hands of this. He did not deny that they had put themselves into a somewhat awkward position by referring the matter to the popular vote, but even this could' not destroy the rights of those whose right was inalienable. He wished the advocates of 'uniou had asked the people, iu addition to voting on the question, to say what amount they would contribute towards Lhe consummation of the union. The debate was adjourned at 9.30 p.m. "until this morning. 