POUR PASSER' LE TEMPS' i 1 .. Fivo o'clock on a dull: November afternoon. Tbe Port-town infantry barracks looked dismal .. eqoug^i outwardly^ tb? lights not having jot ' boon ** turned on,', bat the soeua withm tho ? .officers' ante-room wns cosy and comfortable in I tha extreme. ? . ;? , - The apartmenfc-was cosily, not to nay laxun : ously faT^)8hed, , thovl^wftcky. lc--k-bcingj8kil- v. v , fully done way, ,with' by artfully djsposeq ear* tains, draperics;and pioturps,:Those latter iwere . \- of a distinctly sportipgcharaoteri and entirely, 1 v did away: wifchtbo idea— which a casual visitor might have entertained ^-tbat the apartment was a lady's boudoir^mstead of,tho;meas of tho gallant King's Own Laacqrs. ? | Tbe barrack clock had just chimed the- hour, ? wbGn that' rauctL' lll-used person— in' hislomi ; - opinion— tho orderly officer, can bavo a suooze \- - . .i if ho wants one* or pan enjoy a cup of tea and a mafDn. Of course, a . man living in barracks is : supposed to drink nothing but brandy and oodaj ? ? but tho Buppusitionis incorrect, and generally at five o'clock ono 1 could enter any moss and find teapot and muffin plato in-full .swing. 1 I On this particular afternoon Cecil Dane was ' '.'en dutyi and very ill-uaed indeed.be: felt aa he entered the empty ante-room, ordoriug ten and a muffin en paisant/arid sank' into tbO'Ossicst ? -arm-chair bdcould find; ; Ho had had i very stiff day, from the Jtirae when' he had been turned out of bed with tbe we ll-knowu and always batetul reminder, 44 Six o'clock, air, and tbe adjutant out already, ' un-, til now. when ho had been'' round the teas, , and he felt just ready' 'for' a quiet snooze. ' After all' he soliloquised, u I'm not pony all tho feliows are out ; it gives one a chance of . a doz«- by tbe. fire. . «», Hulioa, who tbe dickens' is that ?' he call . ed out, as a step sounded through'the passage, and the door was slowly , swung oj^n. ' ? ; . ? The room was'. in partial darkness, being lit only by the firelight, hut the newcomer evidently recognised the. voice of the questioner, for he1 laugl ed aa be leisurely entered, and, going up to tbe occupant of the arm chair, laid'a band affecviouately on. his shoulder. *( Why, at it again, oid. man,' he inquired in a pleasant voice, with just tho slightest sus picion of a drawl. ' Last time I looked you up you were a devoted martyr to friendship; whose . , turn are'yoy doing now, eh ?' ' Oh, its my grind right enough; tliis time,' \- 1 1 _ rejoined Dane, springing up and wringing tho new-comer's band, 'and. , I 'am jolly, '.glad you turned up, Charlie ;it's enough to -send a fellow, melancholy mad to be left hero in soli tary ataw for half the. day '—this, entirely \- forgetful of hia sentiments a few minutea pro* viously. . . r . , 1 ? - Just at that moment the tea appeared, and the waiter was; promptly told, , to bring 44 an ' M other,' and the friends proceeded, to,, make \- themselves comfortable. \- The two men were as widely different in per sonal : appearance aa they were distinctly opposite . In . character. Dane wm a alight medium-sized man, with a light, activo frame ; w fair, open countenance, and steady, grey eyes— ? a man noted in the regiment for his 'thorough* \- ' uess,' a nature easily roused to fire and energy, iswift to act ; to uphold the right and denounce the wrong, and one who had a stern and utter . contempt for anything like .*? drifting.'*. And - yet, with the contrariness of human' natare, tbe man whom he had chosen a a his ' friend, whom, he loved far better than a brother, Was just the exact opposite to him in every particular. \- The Hon. Charles Roper waa a tall stalwart young fellow of about eight and twenty, a frame splendidly formed bnt rather heavy* looking, a dark. pleasant-looking face, aud a ? pair of sleepy hazel eyes. . He had that languid bored air, one often eees in a modern Heroules, in fact his general appearance of used- upeduess was a standing joke among his fellows, who bad seen the splendid '-form ' be could bring to a football match, or a gymnastic competition. He did his duty steadily and well, and was a favourite throughout the regiment, but he bad ' hue terrible weakness, that' of allowing things ' to drift when a prompt action, a decisive word might have saved a world of trouble, aye, and of misery. If his domestic concerns got into any entangle ment* he would shrug bis shoulders, oloso his eyes wearily, aud tell himBoU that it was no nse bothering, things would right themselves some* how. And it must be remarked that tho Hon. Charles had already -found himself in seyeral | ' difficulties arising through bis weakness for { lea femmes. However, thete latter bad so far, j with but one exception, been old campaigners, who did not suffer much through Charles's j . penchant for flirting, and so Dane, who kept! a watchful eye on him when possible, bad not . lectured very severely. . .? , Had a bad day P' inquired Charlie, sym pathetically, as having disposed of his muffin ? ho stretobed his lazy length across the hearth rug. ' Aw Fully stiff, everything going wrong, »nd ' the Colonel with one of his wake-em-up fits— 1 you know. -? Such a ghastly hour in tbe morning to i - got up,' murmured Charlie lazily. . . ' 'Suit you down to the ground,' laughed Dane. .'Well, we'll givo you a dose of it when you come back. By the way, when are ? 'you oatning F' ' Don't know, I'm sure ; we're expecting the order every day but it doesn't oomo. I thought porhaps you would know.' 41 1 ' believe the chief is fighting it out with tho other regiments hero who say they are not -going to provide a guard for your fort. But itfs a beastly shame to exile you for ao long. Some other fellow ought to relievo you. Barker's all right, he's got his wife up there.' 'Oh,' said Charlie, ' I don't mind, it's not ao bad after all wheu one gets used to it,' and a littlu smile crept round tbe corners of his mouth, as ho stared dreamily into theffre. ' 'What,' ejaculated his companion. ' Why, lait time you were here you were cursing your ill-luck in very forcible language, while now—' 'A ohango comes o'er the spirit of my dream. I Well, I must be going, it takes me a good hour to walk back.' He roso and stretched himself. I II See you again soon, old man.' ? i 44 Mind you do. I daresay Iwill look you up j though before loug. I'll do the good Samaritan, . and drop in on you some afternoon.' 1 'Which afternoon P' inquired bis chum somewhat eagerly. ! Dane laughed heartily. ' My dear'boy,' be .cried, 11 the idea of you doing tlio ceremonious with me, it's too rich altogether. Arn't you going to tell mo which is your 'at home * day ?' and he chuoklcd again. ' Oh, well,' sv;d Charlie shrugging bin shoulders, ' I am generally out after luncheon, and I thought t would stay somewhere about— ' Pray don't trouble, my young friend,' said Pane, still enjoying tho joko, u I will take tho chance.' Tlieo with a swift chauge of tone bo caid, ' Goodnight, old chap,' and with a warm grip of tho hands, tho triends parted. '''Now,' said Cecil Dane to himself &a; be soberly made his way to bis quarters, ' 1 just wonder what mischief that fellow is up to again.' A month later ho walked up to where tho ' 'fellow' was statioued, a small outlying fort near the sea. ' Ho picked his way up an exceed* '' ingly muddy l≠, which seemed to be the only approach to it. Tbe lane winded' considerably, and roundiug one of tbe bends be came suddenly in sight of a pretty little tableau, but ono which ^roost took hii breath away. uTUe same old thing.' he groaned ; ' another girl. I might have ^ known it. iWhon |will (^harl|e lLarn wisdom P ^ Tho girl, or young 'lady as Dono mentally designatcdi bor,' waa- hoTdmg up her skirta dis playing a tiny pair^of noatly shod feet#',as, with , tbe help of her /CompaniDn; sho daintily -picked he? w&y.; through thoj mud; u\\-Shfi waa:;ta|ldng and ? laughing gaily^ .^d.liootiug-,up ,\at; Jior, ! oavali^iiyUJi herglortouabititfftjoyes lit witti'in unmistaldably.. adorlngtf glance.1 i Dane's.' jiear^ sank-.Drithin him as hb noticed theiook4-ho had? sKa. tbp'Jsaqie exprossi'dn; in anotber, piir,oi eyes,, blae rthoy had been, but .were^sinoe then, tear-stained aQd .dim with a lasting agony; Charlio Jiopeci was^ holding this r.cbmpanion's hand \ in a ; tender, protective m^uncr, and look*' iag.(down-ot tho. small ^slight' figure with' a bright. 'well-plsaSed expression on hU handsomo featurea.' / -; v'-j^ '.V.; ?. . v'V-\ ' ? Neither joS 'the young people had liotioed Dane —tbey Were engrossed with oho another.'1-:^ Pre sently. liowever, Charlie1 looked; Up and saw him. * Ah iDstanfc Change' swept aoross hib face. He looked 'embarrassed and ill at easoj but he strbtched' oub ' a welcdrijing hand to bis friend,' saying, ' You— at list; 'I 'had almost given you «p-' ' . ? ? ? ^ ^ 'v ' i y':; Tho girl moved on'; ' -Charlie did not attempt to introduce her, but with a i hasty W⁢ a moment, 'old chap/' ho hurried'after her, 'com*, ing btick in a few minutes to the waiting tianoV ; ? The friends were rather silent as they walked towards the fort.' 'Dane's face showed ptera disapproval, ;and Kopor- knew he.wOa In j for a leciuro. ?? ' -Prienda as they had'been from boy hood, he 'rather' -resehted Dane's interference, nd as ho'had a habit of shutting himself up in a complete and unapproachable reserve when*, ever he chose, ' Dane felt that ho must proceed cautiously. ?- ..??? j ? Accordingly he did' not'1 broach the^ubject until tbey were comfortably seated, in Charlie's room ; then the'sight of a big square'enVolopo (iddreffled in a feminine baud, and With a large emblazoned1 crest at the back, brought- him abruptly, to the pdint.* ' ' Taking up the envelope he turned to his friend, and Raid, slowly, '' Oharlio, have you told that girl about this ?*' 'What an idea,' laughed Charlie, uneasily* ' I don't suppose tbe fact of Lally Maud's exU* tenco would (rouble her/' ? ' The fact of Lady Maud being your fiancee would, though, I have ho doubt. Charlie, who is this girl ?' ' Oh, she's a nursery governess np at the Hill*, that big house ' at the corner, and she doesn't have a very happy time of it'either, poor chiid.' / ? ' And so you've undertaken to make her lot a little harder for her— for what else 'can it'be. whon the end comes. For I don't suppose you. mean anything serious in the face of this?' and he tapped the letter significantly. h 1 11 Mean P' cried Charlie, ' I don't know that, I mean anything particular, except to have a charming little companion ani friend for my lonely walks in this dismal liblo.' ' * ; ** Ah,' said Dane, with 'a sigh, ' I've heard of those platonic friendships before now, aud i don't.believe'in them, there is generally the element of. tragedy in them,' 'Charlie,' he continued earnestly, 41 tell, tins gitl, or let me. It would beyi dreadful task I've no. doubt, but I would, .do much for you— wad remember last time.' ? , , , ' Cecil,' said Charlie, ; , throwing , back ?« his head with a haughty gesture, M there is uilimit' oven to our friendship, and at, present I object to your interference in my private affaira/J And Dane sighed aud gave it up. Charlie had shut himself up, and nothing mora could be gdt'out of him.' ' ' \ ' ' ' J ^ Well; 'a few' weeks later the outlying detach ment was repealled to head-quarters, and the two friends resumed their old intercourse.Noth ing whatever was said between them of tho-gifl at ' The Hills,' and' Dane concluded that tbe affair had had but litjtle importance and was comfortably over. But he re-assured himself too soon. One day, his friend being on duty, he was taking a soli tary ramble country wards. . He had passed the big house on tho . outskirts' of the town, which Charlie had told him was tbe homo of tbellittle governess, and as he, walked on he was wonder ing what had become of her ; he had liked the look of her somehow ; iu that short glimpse he had caught of ber she had , been photographed on his mind, the bright, piquant face whioh was not aweetly pretty, but whioh had a iwoot personality all ite own. The big, Inughiug eyes brimming over with mischief, and yet, which he kneW could be swoetly serious too,: the dainty little figure, the soft, happy laiighterj Charlie had hinted that , she was none too happy 'up nt ' Tho Hills,' but to Dane she had appeared the very picture of breeay, healthy happiness . And then as ho called to mind this remombranbe 'of her, ho turned 'a corner and aawher— or tbe ghost of her. 'Which was it P he asked himself with an awful shock. '' Truly, a girl wus coming towards him re sembling' in features' and figUre that other ' girl, but with all the life crushed out of the white face, with all tbe health and vigour gone .from the slender figure which moved wearily along the quiet road. , She looked ap, hearing footsteps, an£ recog nised Dane. : ? : Por, one moment sbe looked her self-. again,, as /the rod blood flooded her check* —then it receded, leaving horjwbiter still; Dane was at a loss what to do. ' Bnt with aU Eogli Am- man's dislike of a scene; . ho raised his hat slightly, and would havo hurried on, but sho stietched out her hand with a timid, imploring gesture, and raiecd- her eyes besetchinglyj He noticed the awfnl look of despair which1 had crept into their depths since last ho had seen them, and ' groaned, remembering ' a pair of blue oues ; whioh had held the same look when the Hon Charles Roper had been amusing him self on a previous occasion. ' You are his friend,' she said simply, l* toll me where he is.' He hesitated. How could he tell her the truth— the brutal t ruth, that Charlie was to bb married shortly, in fact, almost immediately. He bad beard it himsolf only tbat morning1.1 Also that Lady Maud's father had taken a house in the vicinity— in faot, only a few miles | from where they at that moment stood, and where Charlie Roper was at the present time dancing attendanco on his fiancee. Dane stood for quite a minute, pondering deeply. After all, perhaps, it would bo best to ' tell her— at least something ot tho trup state of affairs. It would bo a terrible shock, of course, but a sharp knifo thrust is oft-times moro bearable than a lingering agony, and ber pride | would, doubtless, lead ber to treat his despic ablu conduct with the scornful* contempt , it merited. Still ho hesitated, doubtful^ and' feeling his position and hers— keenly. J ' Again she spread out ber hands with that little appealing gesture. ' You won't tell me. ah! But you must. I can trust you, you are staunch nnd true.' 'I am his friend,' bo said simply, bin friend, though I know too well his faults! And,' with a slight courteous bow, 'I would also be yours.' ' Thank you,' sho said, with a little smile crossing her sad face. ' Then you will'tell me everything ' Did ho tell you nothing ?' ' Ob,* he talked to me of his home and of bis people, and said be liked to tell me about them, and some day — soon j when he went on leave, I should go and see them.' Dane groaned. Charlie had, with his usual I recklessness and his careless disregard for; any thing savo the aotual enjoymeut of the hoar, goneVs.near as possible to downright prbpbse to this girl. 5 * ' ''.I have1 seen nor hoard upihi;^ of him. for weeks now/Vshe tfonb on plaintively ; in faot only twico sinco ho loft tho fort, aud thon only, for a short while. Ho was very busy, bo said.'. ' Did ho cverfipotfk tto yOu of other relations outside bis own family circle,' inquired Dane gtavOly. ShOi looked at hiu^ stnrtlod..; Then her woman's intuition seemed to divine tho truth. ' Sho turned whU^ rthan over, her qyes dilated ns'uho gaspe'd ih ii hbafso 'whlsperM'i*1 There is someono:' else.'* *' The words' euded m a Sort of wail^sb'd ehe td.ttcred'as if aboat to'falL. V^ut aa Danov'1s^rangi 'forward aho ' recovered jher ;self with^ ah efforti 'nnd said in a dull, despairing voice, 'PloaseiteU mb all;' ' ? . ' -V'.t* Therb, -ia' hot 'mbch 'to tell,' said Done,' 'only that he has 'be en engaged to his cousin fdr/yeara/' / ,'-'s ^ ' ' Thy girl)a'hand pr^ed her bosomconvulsive ly. Thoro wns' W suddon flharp pain',thEro. . Nob much1, he,' 't^o taan - tbeifo', ; had called ~it, not much!— only it sebmed.to bp her death-warrant. Dane watcbfedher'anxiouBly, sbo' wias taking it better than he exp'petod. She did not faiht or .cry out. . No;; bat her face had hardened— she seemed to befgrowing older before his eyes! . ?' 'He is to be m&riied-;~when P''shb demanded in a'h,itd.voice^'H,.!'',,')'. ' Ah I ' that I Cannot tell you, said. Dane, tUankfui to shoUer JiimseVf behind the fact' tliat h^nid' not know tiio ! aotual daW. ' After all there, wiis no use tdling her that it was to be so isdon-^ tembly soozu ' ..'Beautiful, ricb| titled,', sho said in a dull v6ico, as; if tajking to . herself— her unknown riyal evidpr^ly.iiolding, her thoughts--'. beauti- ful, nob, ^titled, and .hftjapy, beoause, beloved by bim. .,Bnt, does .bo loveherP ObjinyGod! bepannot. Ho loved me — L know it, 1 feel-.it (this, .in a passionate, jvhispe^). It' ooiildn't .have . been all acte4— aU,put on. . He is mine mine !' she went on, her voice rising in her agony to a despairing, wail, ' that other woman shall, not bayo bipi— : he .belongs to mo 1 I love Iripo ; oh 1' bow 1 loyp^im^'* ' v',. . She seemed to havo entirely, forgotten Dane's, presence, and he, ^till . with tho dread of a scene before .his. eyes, to.nobpd her gently, op the ann;;; ' ' ' Tho tonch , steadied her. .She drew up her slim. figure to its fqU height, ond.i with a proud little gesture, held out her haud. . thank you-^much,' she- said gently. '.And you .will, toll him— nothing with an anxious glance. . r .. .. ' Nothing, as. it is , your wish,' answered Dane, holding tho small ; hand in a, friendly grasp. . ''J;,: - '? i: ,vj 'To be discassedf on ! I oould not bear that;' ' Yba : must .remember,'. . said Dane, ' that although he ia my friend 1 do not condone bis conduct in- the least1;' 1 coneider it unjustifiable and^— r-? ? T'.' , '? ' / ' Don't I' she cried sharply, *'1 -will allow ho one.to dbparage him in my presence. And now good-b^e/V ., . i.,'/ ? ' 'Are you leaving the neighbourhood, 'then ?' askod Dane. Are you, going home ?' Sbe spiiled a little wintry smile. Was she Ihijjkinp^of tbe house, which was no longer home1 when her. .presence -was , no' longer .desirable, W^ere a jealous step-raother i held sway., MHqme,' she, answered dreamily. ' Have I a home ? -; And,tafter. .all, .what .does.it matter wher« one goes ? ^.£bfyou, -again, good bye.' ; . M ,Wait/' cried .Uaue, -.' I will accompany you.'. - But/shei. .was gone,'speediug'frpm bim through tho, gathering .^darkness. . jPor a, minute he was.undecided whether to followvor not, bnt sho had! dismissed, him;, aqd she was not far. .from her ^employer's residence. 4 i - ' ' . He wenthis way, musing sidly, and wonder* ing whOtiier^ after- all Charlie would attain to such- ha^ipiuess with his nobler bride,' as he would have done with this loyal heart which be had'bruised and crushed/. ' . /That'' night while *' lonely little figure sat in the darkened' nursery, tbe mistress of the house walked in/1' ' ' Miss Ward,'- she said, abruptly, ' Why are you moping here in the dark ? '* ! The governess sprang te her feet, and, with a murmured apology, busied herself lighting the. :lamp. 'I have noticed, '? went on. Mrs. Parkinson in her cold even 'tones, ' that latterly you have negleoted your duties, you do not seem to have the will to properly control the .dear, high spirited children, so I-thiuk a change would be advis»ble.; -Iha month yon-will bo free ; or in fact as soon as you.like.' - iSho left the !room remarking** to her eldest grown-up daughter, whom she met outside, 4* I really cannot bear unhappy people ;? about ; me. Miss ' Ward.. is enough to gi\e one the blues.V She ttas rather vulgar sometimes, as is usual witb the noveau riche.' '.???' ' '? ' '? . 1 ? 'Miss'- Ward hits altered terribly lately/' said the' girl, ' I cannot think what is tho matterl' , ' Well, wo need not worry cis she will be going shortly/' said her mother, as tbey entered the drawing-room. ? v ' l,; [ A week later the governess was walking in tho gcoiinds with tbo-ohilrden. The/ ball, thoy wero playing with bappeucd to be tpssed over the wall into the high road. ? Sbo opened the gate atfd went in search of the ball. .As'she picked it up she heard tho sound ' of carriage wheels rapidly approaching. Sbo tbrevv the ball to tho children aiid lcant languidly against the gate. Presently the carriago came into view, an open landau drawn by a pair of hand some greys. The footman and coacbmau wore large white favours, the horses were decorated with white'rosettes. ' Inside the carriage sat a ma'nHnd woman, she bniutiful, tiuthaughty, ho ?handsome, smiling, debonair, bending over her, talking earnestly. As tbey passed tho gate he raised bis bead and his gaze encountered a pair of agonised brown eyes fhed on his face. For, one wild moment ho felt inclined to jump out and take the pathetic' little figurt? to his heart then they were gone-7-be hod left .that little episode in his life behind for evor. . 'Oh, it* was a^terrible affair,' said Mrs. Parkinson with a shudder, -as she discussed the shocking' occurrence with a sympathetic neigh bour,' ' I assure; you my nerves have not been the same sinco/' .'».«-? | '? It was au accidont, ot courso P' asked her listener eagerly! 1 ' An accideut, oh yes, of course/' answered Mrs. Parkinson, hurriedly, and her cheeks paled slightly. Sho had been out in the grounds, walking in the durk as sho was fond of doiug lately, and the soil round 'the ornamental lake being very slippery from the reccnt heavy rains, sho lost heir footing and fell in. I assure you when they brought her iu, all white and cold, and dripping, Ii fainted' right' away, aud was hours coming round. Dear Dootor Smiley assures, me it will bp .months before I recover from tbe severe shock»' , ' A dreadful t'xptrienco for you,' murmured the visitor as she rose to go,.. ?? and exceedingly careless, of the girl,' she mentally added, with a shrewd [Suspicion , of tho truth. And she de parted to. other dear friends iu order te discuss the deplbrable accident which had taken place *t f! The Hills.' . ^ And Qharl jo Rfigt ei^ joying to the full bis gay hones moon V»wraris never eveu heard of ?the untimely end of tho little governess. If he bad heard it would have shocked him for,* mo ment^- then-. be ..would have shragge'd his shoolders,.-and wondered -^hy people, would take seriously' what woo' so'ovidently ' meant as sim|)ly pour pafese'rle temps/'* ? :? 'Young Mrs. Somerby (now at hquselteoping) 'Send mo u nice halibut for dinoer/' Market^ hian (without flinching) : 'One be .enough?' Mrs. Somerby : ' I think so, if you pick on a gi.od-siied ono.' . . 