THE WIZARD. BY H. RÏDER HAGGARD. ?. 0 H A PT BR XX T. ' I '? WHAT would you Y nuked Hokosa of the herald as he halted a short spear onst from the wall. <.-'.'My*master, the Prince Hafeln, desires to treat with your master, Nodwengo. Many ln»n have fal len on either side, and if this var goes on, though victory must be his Ht Wt.', ninny more will fall.- Therefore, if Hiiy ]>lan can Oe' found, he desires to spare their lives.' ' -Now -Hokosa spoke with the King and answered : . . ?' 'Then Iel Hafeln come beneath the Wall and we will talk with him.' ' ' Not so,' answered the herald. * Does a hock walk into un op>'n pit? Were the Prince to come here, it might chanco that 'your spears would talk with him. Let Nod yr ni» follow mo to the camp yonder, where we promise hitu safe conduct.' 1 ' Not so,' answered Hokosa. ' Does a buck walk into au open pit? Set out your mes- sage and we will consider it.' . . ' Nay, I am but a common man, without, authoitty, hut 1 am charged to make you itu", other;oüt«yand if you will not hear it, then there is an end. Let Hokosa advance alone to that flat rock you see yonder, and there he shall be met, also alone, by one having power to tiilk with him, namely, by the lady Nom», ?who was once his wife, Thus they can con- fer'together midway between tito camps, and in full .sight of both of them, nor, tin mun being .near;: can he-find cause to be afraid of an unarmed girl. What say youl' ."' Hokosa turned and talked with the Kinz. 'I think'it well Hint you should not go,' said''Nodwengo: 'The oder seems fair and the stone is out of reach of their spears. Still hehind it'may lurk a scheme to kill or capture you, for Hnfela is very cunning.' ' lt may be so, King,' answered Hokosa. ', Still;1 niy heart tells nie it is wisest that I .should do this thing, for our case is desperate, and if I do it not, that may be the cause of the death of us all to-morrow. At the worst I am but one man, and it matters little what ' fnny chance ¡ to nie ; nor shall 1 come to any barm tmless-it is the will of heaven that it should beso, and be sure, of this, that out of the harm will arise good, for where I go there the ' spirit of the Messenger goes with me: Remember,1 that he bade you listen to my counsehAwhile''-I remained with yon, seeing that>"I'.!'do 'notspeak of my own wisdom. Therefore; let nie gof and if it should chance thrtt'I am ' taken, trouble hot about the mitt-' \- i*;;-í for ! tl i u a ' i t! w i ll bo'fitted to some great ?Send. '..'Aboveall, though often enough I have . been*atraitor in the past, do not dream that ] will'betray you, keeping in mind that so to do would be to betray my owii'-soul, which very soon must render its account on high.' 4 As you will, Hokosa,'answered tho .King. '.Andinow'tell those rebel dogs that on these terms' only will I make peace with' thom that theyJwithdraw across the mountains hy the path which their women und .children have taken, leaving this lund for ever, with- out lifting another spear against us. If they 'will do this, notwithstanding all the wicked- ness and slaughter that thoy have worked, Í will send command to my i m pi to let them gu unharmed. If they will not do this, I |>ut iny¿,trust in the God I worship, and will fight this frey out to the end, knowing that if land my'pèople perish, they shall perish also.'/A .'';'? ? ? Now, Nod wengo himself «polt« to tho herald who'1 was waiting heliind the wall. 1 Go'.buck Ho hinisynu serve.Mte said, 'and say that Hokosu will meet hor who was his wife upon the'flat stone and talk- with her in eight of both armies, 'hearing my word with him; ;!At the sound, of the blowing of a horn shall each of them nd vaneo unarmed and alone from eithor camp. - 'Say to my brother also; that!it .will indeed be ill for him if he attempts treachery upon Hoko.sa, for the limn" "who' causes 'his blood to flow shall surely . die, und lifter duatb shall be uc cursed for ever.' The herald went, and presently a horn was blown.- .... i 'Now it comes into my mind that we part for the last time,' said Nod wongo > tu a trou- bled voice, us he took tho hand of Hokosit. '.It-may¡be so, King ; in my heart I think thut it is so ; yet I do not altogether grieve thereat, for the burden of my piist sin crushes nie and !. anrweary and seek for rest. Yet we do not part for the last time, because, whatever chances, in the end I shall make my report to you yonder'-and fie pointed upward."Reign ,on for long years, King reign well and wiiely, clinging tn the faith for thus at the last shall .you reap reward. Farewell.' Now again the boru lilew. and in the bright moonlight the slight figure of Norna could be seen advancing towards the stone. Then Hokosa 'sprang from che wall and advanced also, till ut the same moment they climbed upon the stone. 'Greeting, Hokosa,'/ SH id Norna, and she stretched out her hand to him. . By way.'of ' answer , he placed his own ho ' hind his baok, Baying.: ' To your business,. «roman.' Yet his eyes searched her face, the; face that in his folly he still loved, and thus it came", about. that he never saw sundry of the dead bodies which lay in the shadow of the'stone, begin'to quicken into life, and inch by ¡nob to rise, tirso to their knees and next to their,feet. He, never saw or heard them ; yet its the words left his ¡lips, they sprang upon: him from every «ide, holding him so that he could not move. ' Away with- him r cried JNomn, with a laugh of'triumph, and at her' com mund he was half dragged und half curried across the open space and thrust violently over: a stone ?Wttirin&Ttheoamp; of.Hnfela. , Now, ; :Nodwongo und his, followers saw «rhat had happened, und with a shout of ; ?' Treachery 1' some'hundreds of them 1 leaped anto: thef plain and heguH to run toward the fcoppie to rescue their en voy. _ ! ñolfosa heard the .shout, and,'.wrenching Mm nell round, beheld them. ? J .. /? Back' l'-'he cried itv a shrill,- clear . voice/ ' Back 1-Children, of Nodyengo, und leave mn to my fute, for the »foe wu&tu; for you by thousands Iwliind the wallM'.vV .Mr-"BÏS.ÏÏP,t* « -JA\ sold ¡er Í efotvek - him .« across < the .m^uth, Ambling him be- silent ; but his warning juill «coule to the'ènrà óf "'{Üq^wenuo, causing him saud his warriors to Imil .iiud. ,begi|i fi .-.retreat. |tWM well tb'at they did «o', iw4 mews Ijlutt Ithey would not come on; from under the shel- ter of the wall and of every rock and stone soldier« jumped up by companies and charged, driving them hack to their own schiiuse. But the Kin«'« men ¿md tjho start of them, and had taken shelter behind it, whence they uren ted them with ts vol ley /jf spears, killing: ten and wounding twic-<*as many more. -'<-. :.t." . r, - Now it was Hokosa's tn rn ,to laugh, and laugh lie did,-sayinii;: '?? h \\. ; * My taking is well paid for already, Prince. A score of'your liest warriors i<ia;h«favy price to give for the carcaRe of; oneî weary arid aging man."'' ;But since-lam here among you, captured with.sn much pain, and loHR/ltell me of your courtesy'why I haye been brought.' Then the. Prince shook, his spear at him and nursed him. - I !; 'Would yon learn,-wizard and .traitor V he cried. ' Weylin ve caught you because we know well thai-while ¿you stay yonder your magic counsel will prevail against our iniylit; whoreas, when once wo hold you fast, Nod weugo will wander th his i nin like a blind mid moonstruck mun, for you were to him both eyes and brain.Vi ;'' ?.'-',' t; jv 'I understand,''snidiHokpsa, calmly. ' But Prince, how if If have' left my wisdom behind me i' ' Tlíatíímnyv not.íbé,' ^'answered >Hafela, 'since even a wizard cannot, throw his thoughts iintO'-Lthe.' heart, of another-'from afar.' , , , , , ' Ah":I;ydu think-so, 'Prince.: ¿Well, ask Norna yonder if E cannot throw my thoughts into her heart* from' 'nfar ) though of late I have not chosen, to do.so, Jiaviug put aside such spells.-.-But-.let it ; pass,- und tell me, having taken.vme, what "is it-you propose to do with me?--First,-however, ! 'will give you for nothing some of that wisdom'which you grudge to Nod wen go, : the King. ; Be, ad- vised hy me, Prince, and take the terms that he offers'" yon-namely, to turu this very night and begone . from the land without harm or hindrance. Will yon receive my gift.sHafela ?' ,. ; 1 What will happen if I refuse?' asked the Prince, slowly. -.'. . . Now Hoknsa looked at the dust ut IIÍH font, then he gazed upward, searching the heavens, and answered : ' Did not I tel! you yesterday ?. I think that, this will, happen. I think-but who CHU be quite sure of the future, Hafela ? that you aud the most of your army hy this hour tomorrow night: will be lying:fast asleep about this ,place, with jackals for your bed- fellow's,' : Th«» Prince hoard and trembled at his word«, for he believed that if he willed it Hoko8a could prophesy the truth. ' Accursed dog,' he said, ' I ara minded to ho guarded hy your, saying, but he sure of this, that if I follow it you shall stay hero to sleep with jackals, yes, this very night.' Then Norna broke in. ' Be nob miid, Háfela 1" she said. Will you listen to the lies that this renegade tells to work upon your fears 1 Will you abandon victory when it lies.'within your grasp, and in < place of a great King become a fugitive whom all men mock .at, an outcast to he : hunted down at leisure by ? that brother against whom you dared to rebel, but un whom you did not dure to shut your hand when he lay in the hollow of it ? Silence i the tongue of this captive rogue forever aud ; become a niau again, with the heart of a .mun.' . 'Now,' said HokoBiï, gently, ' many would Hud it hard to believe that I reared this wo- man from childhood, nursing her with my own ; hulida - when ..she " was sick und 'giving her of the best I had ; Unit afterward when you "stole her from me, Prince, I sinned deeply to win her huck ; that I married lier ! and sinned yet more deeply to give-her the .greatness she desired, and that at last, of .my own >vill, I,loosed thu bonds .by which Ï held , hoi', though I could not trust her memory ; front my heart. Yet I have earned it all, for 1 made her the tool of my witchcraft, and therefore' it is just that sim should turn and rend mc. Well, if you like it, take her counsel, Prince and let mine go, for. I care nothing which you take, ; only, forgive me if I prophesy once more and for the last time I believe that Nod wongu spoke truth when ho bade your herald tell you that he who causes my blood to flow shall surely be; culled to account for it Prince, £ am a Christian now, and believe, whatever yon : may do I seek no revenge upon you for it ; having boen myself forgiven so much, in my turn I have learned to forgive. Yet it may ihn ill for that man who causes my blood to flow.' ' Let him be strangled,' said a captain who stood near by, 'and'then there will be no blood in the matter.', ? ' Friend,' answered Hokosa, ' you should have been not a soldier, but a pleader of eau-, ses. .True it is that then the Prince will only, cause my life to fly, but whether that be a smuller sin I leave you to judge.' ?Keep him prisoner,' said anothor, J till we learn how these matters end.',. .-. . ? ' Nay,' answered-Hafela, ' foi then he will surely outwit' us and escape. Norna, what shall we do with this" man who waa your husband 1 Tell us, for you should' know best how;to deni with him.''.' : ... .>:'?! I ii 'Let me think,' she answered, and she look- ed first at the ground beneath her, next uround her, then upward towards tho skies. ; t ¡. Now they stood at the foot of the koppio, on the flat top of which grew the great trees of doom, that for generations had served tile people of hie as a place of execution of theil" crimináis, or of those who fell under the bun nf tho Kine, or of tin: witch doctor*. Among und iihove tho finger-like frondtí nf this ntl aug« und dreadful looking tree towered that white dead I im h shaped like a cross, which Owen had pointed out to his disciple John, taking it to he a sign and a pi omise. This cross stood out olear against the sinking moon, lt caught Norad's .eye, and u devilish thought entered her heart. ' You would keep this fellow alive V she imid,' und yet, you would not Huffer him to encape. , Seo, lhere above you there is ac ross such as'he worship's. Bind him' to it'im he says tho man whom he.worships was hound, and let that neild tuan help him if he muy,' Tho'Prince and; tlioHe'nbont 'Norna shrunk |hftcjk a little in horror. They wei o cruel men, ri-rid.nred' moj-o crui-l hy : their, superstitious fi.RT.pf one whg,m jthey believed to be unoatitiy, oi,e uf ^hom ^hey aitributedinhuuiau powers whicK lie was exercising to their destruction, liut still this doom seemed, dieadfni to,them. Norna lead their minds and 'went on passion- ately ' You deem me unmerciful, but yon do'not know, what I have suffered at this wizard's hands. Foi his sake and hecimse of him 1 am haunted. For hi« own purpose he opened the gates of distance, he sent me down among the d wellet S in death, causing me to inter-, ( prêt their words for him. 1 .did HO, but the dwellers came hack ont of death with me,, and from that hour they have not left'tnej nor will they ever leave me, for ni^lit by night they sojourn at my side, tormenting me' with terrors. He has told ni« that through my mouth thaï spirit whom he drew into my body prophesied that he should be lifted above the people.' Let the prophecy be fulfill- ed, let .him be lifted up, for then, pei chance, the ghosts will depart from nie mid I shall win peace and sleep. Also, thus alone can you hold him safo ami yet shed no blood.' 'Beit KO,' Kai«! the Prince. - « When we plotted:.together of the death of the King and as your price, .Mukosa, you bargained fo., the girl whom. I had .chosen, to wife,,did r not warn you that this witch nf many spells who holds both our hearts in lier little handB, would yet hound you to death and mock you while you perish by an end of shame? What did I tall you, llokosa?' Now, when he bearii his fate, Hokosa bowed his head and trembled a little. Then he lifted it and exclaimed in a clear voice : r .'It's true Prince, hntJ wilh add to your words. . She shall brina both of ns to death. . For me, I am honoured, indeed, in that there has been allotted to me that same end which my Master chose. 1 To that cross let my sins be fastened, and with them tny body.' ! Now the moon sunk, but in thu darkness men were found who dined to climb tho tree, tnking with them strips of rnw hide. They reached the top of it. four of them, and seat- ing themselves upon the arms of the cross I they let down a rope, the noose of which ,WH'S placed about the body of Hokum. As.it tightened upon him lie turned his calm and dreadful eyes on to the eyes of Norna, and said to her' : ' Woman, 1 do not reproach you, but I lay this fate upon yon, that you shall watch nie die. Thereafter let God deal with you as he may choose.' ' ' Now when she heard these words Norna I shrieked aloud: for of a sudden she felt that ' the power of the will of II ok osa, from which she had been freed hy him, had once more , fallen upon her, aiid that, come what might, she was doomed to obey his lust commands, "Little by little the soldiers drew him up, and in the darkness they hound him fast thereupon the lofty cross. Then they de- scended and left him, and would have led Norna with thom from tho tree, but this they, could hot do, for always she broke from them .screaming and fled back into its shadows. " Then, seeing that she was bewitched, Hafe la commanded that they should bind a cloth about her mom h und leave her there until her senses returned to her in the sunlight foi none of them dared to stop -with" her iii the shadow of that tree, since the odors pf it were poisonous to mau ; also they believed '. the place to be haunted by evi) spirits. I TO BE CONTINUED. 