STA&ELAND.; T the Theatre Royal next Saturday Miss Maggie Moore introduces 'Jo- hanna.' The farewell benefit to Mr. Titheradge at the Criterion on Wednesday next -will no doubt see a strong muster of that popular actor's friends and admirers. It is now some eighteen years since he made his first ap pearance in Sydney as the hero of Tom Taylor's historical drama of ' Clancarty.' How many ad mirable impersonations has he been identified with during that time, and what varied dramatic grounds they have covered! Mr. Titheradge has proved himself one of the most conscientious as well as indefatigable of .actors, and deserves, on such an occasion as the one in question, to have the fact emphasised in the most substantial way. The company with which Mr. Titheradge has been so long associated will, after next week, have become only a memory to Sydney playgoers. But, at all events, when to the old familiar faces other exponents of comedy have succeeded, the Brougfas will often be recalled, and their efforts cited as standards of comparison. On the anniversary of the death of Violet Var ley Tapley, June 2, floral wreaths and crosses for her grave were sent from England by two old friends of the deceased singer. One of these was Miss Nellie Stewart, the other was Mr. John Ri ley, Assistant-Parliamentary Librarian of Sydney. Patrice, who played here with the 'Chinatown' Company, was recently at the Bijou Theatre Philadelphia. Mr. Charles Arnold is shortly to revisit Aus tralia. Miss Juliet Wray has altered her mind about retiring from the stage. She is to revisit the glimpses of the footlights in the: Paulton-Stanley's next production in Melbourne, ''My Friend from India.''' '. :.. It was hoped ttiat Mdme. Bernhardt would be able to be present on June 14 at the unveiling by Sir Henry Irving of the statue to Mrs. Siddons on Paddington Green. Tiie actress is represented las seated, with a dagger in her left hand. She is attired in classic drapery of the kind worn by her in her favorite part of the Grecian Daughter in Arthur Murphy's drama of that name, so popular in its day, and so utterly forgotten now, as far as the stage is concerned. It seems -a pity'' that the 'animated bust' of the great tragic actress should not be associated with some of those famous Shaksperian creations in whichshe was unrivalled — for instance, Lady Macbeth, ,or Volumnia, the another of Coriolanus. The likeness of the face ?of the statue is, however, said to be taken from J Sir Jcshua Reynolde's picture of Mrs. Siddons as ! the tragic muse. Should Mdme. Bernhardt witness the ceremony in question she will see tlie image of an- artist who, when the fullest deductions are made with respect to the exaggerations of traditional fame, must be regarded,, at the very least, as quite as njuch of a histrionic phenomenon as is the Frenchwoman herself. Speaking of the tragic performers of his day, Byron said that John Kemble was the most supernatural actor he had ever seen, George Frederick Cooke the most natural, and Edmund Kean the medium between the two, but that Mrs. Siddons was worth all three efthem^ut' together. Once at a dinner table in -London, where, after her retirement, she happened to be a .giiest, »Mre.. Siddons mentioned a curious circumstance in.-;con-; nection with her studies in regard c-to the correct interpretation of vthe passions. It was, che said, from observing old Egyptian figures in the British ?Museum, which were represented with the-palms ?of ' the hands held .close to .the sides, that she learned that such an attitude was the most suit able .one for the expression of really irftensa emotion. A comic opera ? entitled 'A Fool's Gold' was recently . performed . by the Harvard students in the University Dramatic Glub. The libretto was written by Mr. Vivian Burnett, eon of Mrs. Hodg son Burnett, authoress of 'Little Lord Fauntle roy.' .'?*'??-'? i - Anna Crouch, youngest daughter of the late Professor Nicholas Crouch, author of 'Kathleen Mavourneen,' was married at Baltimore, Mary land, on April 14, to Charles H. Boston, Known 4o the theatrical profession as Charles E. Brandon. The Beasey Children, violinists, are (says a New York paper) contemplating a trip to Australia at the head of their own concert company. According to an American theatrical contempo rary, Maggie Moore says that she will return to -the United States next season and play with a company of Australian actors. ( Frank L. Barnes and C. M. Williams have (says an American paper) retired from .the profession for the present, and have' located at South Omaha, Nebraska, for an indeSnite period, preparatory to their departure for Sydney,- Australia, where they expect to'open Barnes's Alabama Minstrels. 'The Country Fair,' the American drama which was produced some years since at Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, and in which a horse-racing scene, got up with realistic effects after a new receipt, was the principal attraction, has been produced at the Brixton Theatre, London, with, seemingly, a good deal of. success. In pulling up the Rue Delayrac, Paris, the other day, for the construction of a sewer, the workmen j came across the subterranean passage in connec tion with the Imperial box at the old Theatre Italien. After the attempt on the life of the First -Consul in the Rue St. Nicaise as he was on his j way to the opera, almost all the State-aided the- I atros subsequently built were supplied with un derground exits, so that the Emperor might be 'able to withdraw secretly, or troops might be introduced into the theatre without being seen by -the -people. Mdme. Eergliot Ibsen, daughter of Bjornson, and daughter-in-law of the dramatist, has just ?made her public debut as a vocalist at Christiana. She sang a short time ago in Paris with the other j students of Mdme. Marehesi, but now she intends j to adopt music as a profession. ' The forthcoming appearance of Eleonora Duse an Paris will, it is thought, excite a good deal of interest, and perhaps enthusiasm. In the French capital the Italian actress has admirers who pre- | fer her even to Sarah Bernhardt, though, accord- j ing to some critics, comparisons cannot fairly be instituted between the two artists, their styles -being so essentially different. Anyhow, it seems that Duse comes recommended by the approval ol . the late M. Alexandre Damas; whilst, on the other ( hand, the still very much alive 51. Victoriea Sar- j dou declares that the Divine Sarah is the goddess of j the etage, and that he, of course, is: her dramatic ] ?prophet. ? j Fred. Millis, the Australian ventriloquist, seems to have -found no lack of appreciation during the prolonged spell that he has had at the other eide. In a London theatrical paper attention is called to the fact that Mr. Millis has been engaged for the opening company of no fewer than nine new music-halls in the big city within the last six years. 'Visions of Art,' announced as a novelty in the spectacular way at'ffce London Empire is said to be simply the application of the old illusion of 'Pepper's Ghost' to 'living pictures.': Sal'vini— the great Salvini— (says the 'Pall Mali Gazette') has been learning what it is to fall into the hands of the Philistines. Mi lan's famous son has lately been touring in Hun gary, and he.pi-Gposed to honor the town of Kec skfciuet with a one-night's performance, expecting probably to receive the 'same, welcome which Bu dapest and Arad had already Recorded him. , But Kecskemet has a town council and a bucolic pop ulation, who did apt see the need of the thing at all. Signor Salvini applied for the necessary au thorisation, and was informed per the secretary of tie Boeotian board that after the' long winter season the townspeople wese tired of dramatic dis plays, aud in any case the local art was sufficient for' the needs of Kecskemet. Peebles fGr plea sure. There is a tradition that when Rubensteint offered his talents to Lausanne the local police required him to pay half a crown for a licence; but Kec-iskemet takes the cake. One . of the Peris of th9 circus ring is a young French girl, Mllei Theo, who was recently to make her first appearance in London. She is said to be remarkable for her personal beauty, while the style in which she manages her favorite mare leaves rival equestrian ladies toiling after her in vain. She was a great favorite at the Cirque Fernanda, Paris. ; Last year fifty-eight million - pounds of dried fruit were sent into England -from California, in clusive of prunes, of which latter there were 64,500;0001b. ^Most of this huge quantity was pre pared under 'the system known as 'evaporation;' and -with, this word evaporation for his text, Cap tain Addison Smith has given his first announce ment to the fruitgrowers and. farmers of England that at least in his opinion they are ndt making the best of their opportunities. . Asked if he thought the system would pay in England, he replied, 'I 'am certain of it. I have seen samples of fruit dried under the same conditions as we- use- in CalK forma, and in -my opinion it is equally excellent.' With vegetables the same. The cost of an evapo rator large enough for the use of any one district is not more than £100. 