Short Story. The , Man in the Yellow Jumper. ), ? ? ? By CAPT. AUSTIN BELL, In the .'' Newcastle Weekly Chronicle.' . What I'm goln' to tell you, sir, hap pened when I was bo'stin of tlie old Hya cinth; She wasn't a beauty, and there wasn't much of the greyhound about, her, but she was as dry as an old shoe In a gale.of wind, and as stiff as a church \- under sail. A. coinfortabler craft at sea you couldn't a' put your foot aboard of, and the old man was as good a skipper as ever looked to wlnd'ard. Grub 7 Full an' plenty, an' no waste. No Acto' Parllament scale was went by aboard lier, sir. Plenty o' work, plenty o' grub, well officered, well manned, an' well found alow an' aloft. That's tlie sort o', ship the old Hyacinth was. * It's a matter o' ten years ago now, we took Ia a cargo o' salt, in the Salthouse Dock, Liverpool, for Rangoon, In tlie East .Indies. I'd made two voyages in her to the' south'ard before, an' was atoppin' by her, as I knew 1 couldn't get a better ship. Captain Llnklater was In command1; the self an' same as is iii com mand of this here ship we're aboard of now. There he is walkin' the poop, au' when I've spun my yarn just ask liim about the man in the yellow Jumper. Well, we got our cargo an' stores aboard, isalls bent, an' everything ready for sea. The captain signed the crew on, eighteen A.B.'s an' two ordinary sea men, which, with the rust of us, made up a crew of thirty-two all told. There was five foreigners among the A.B.'s— three Scandinavians, a Spaniard, an' a Portu gee— all tlie rest was Britishers. We towed out o' dock on a Saturday niornin', with' a light north-east wind blowln', an' we was not far down the St. George's Channel before We'd the Jibboom out an' all plain sails on her. The tug was ? hailed to slip the towline, and we started to liattl it In. Of course, all hands was clapped on to It, an' as it come In cheerily, liand over hand, I takes a look from where I was etandln' at the heel o' tho bowsprit at tbe men it would be my duty to carry on the work with for the next twelve months or so. And an able lot o\ chaps tliey was, too, although half on 'em was pretty well three sheets in the wind. But I knew well enough it wouldn't be long afore the rotgut as they'd been takin' in would lose itseffect. The sea air, plenty o' graft, an' a dose or two o' salts would soon set 'em on their pins. Well, sir, while the towline was comin' in I noticed the Portugee, a short, thick set little cliap, with black whiskers, an' a pair o' earrings in his ears, wearln' a yeller jumper an' canvas pants. He was haulln' away all he knew, when his hand happened to slip along tlie wet towrope, an' lie goes back'ards against the Spaniard, who was just astern of bim, strlkln' him with the back of his liead full oh tlie mouth an' nose, an' tappln' the claret with the force o' the blow. It was a nasty .bat, but quite accidental. The Spaniard starts a cursin' in Spanish, while all the men was laflin, an' tlie little Portugee latl's too. That was over mueli for the Spaniard's temper, an' his knife was out in a minute. But I was too quick for bim. I caught bis knife band by , tlie wrist, an' stopped him from piickfn' tbe Portugee. He struggled an' i - - . - - fougbt a.bit, so the mate an' me claps a ii- ' pqlr o' biacelets on bis wrists, an' put ,) him away safe till the captain bad time ia attend toblm. f * ~ v 1 A day or two after, as be told the cap y - xaln he was very sorry an' wouldn't do r -? tlie like again, be was set at liberty, and ?? things jogged along.- comfortable, ' yeller jumper' and him seemin' to 'ave cot .toned on all right since the rumpus. We'd light, fair winds an' flue weather till about a week after leaving the land, when one afternoon the wind chopped round to the sou'- west an' down went tlie glass. Before dark we snugged her down to upper topsails, foretopmast staysail, main staysail, and spanker. The weuther got worse, an' about six bells In the first watch tlie order come along, ' All bands shorten sail !' I soon had the watch below up, an' it wasn't \ long afore we was up the riggin' an' out along the yards handing tho upper top sails. The night was pitch dark, witii heavy squalls of wind an' rain. We was soon on deck again, an' all the gear coiled up snug, an' the wnteli went lie low. At 8 o'clock the next mornin', when the watch on deck was relieved, the little Portugee was nilssin'. Nobody didn't know anything about him. We searched the ship fore an' aft, opened the door of tbe booby-hatch, and went all over the holds on top o' the cargo ; but not a sign of liim. He must a' gone overboard when we was shortenln' sail ' durlngthe night, an' nobody missed him In the darkness. That was the way of It, as plain as a pikestaff. A week after the captain sold his duds an' other be longin's by auction to the crew, and be was entered In the log as ' lost over board.' ? ? ? ? From that day till we dropped anchor 'Jn Rangoon River there was no more peace or comfort aboard the ship. She ?was haunted ! You're smllln', sir. Yon don't believe In ghosts an' such like. No more did I till then, but seein's bellevlu' an' I've seen one. There's the captain— an edjlcated, level-headed man with no nonsense about him— he's seen the same But you can ask him about It yourself. Let's see, where was I 7 Oil, yes 1 The night of tbe day his things was sold the ship was goln' along with square yards, before a light breeze, makin' about two i or three knots nn hour. The moon was ' ? nearly at the full an' the stars was sprinkled like a lot of diamonds over a cloudless sky. It was just one o' them nights when a sailor feels a bit senti mental, an' starts to thln'kln' ? of bis wife or sister, or some one else In tbe old home away, wlio, likely enough, hasn't heard from him for years,' and mebbe never will. Well, it was. In the middle watch, about ton minutes after midnight. The lookout ' man on tbe forecastle bead had just been relieved by a chap we called Scottie. lie had walked ath'art tlitr-deck a time or two, an' then sits down on the starboard cathead, puts a chew In his mouth, an' begins a thlnkln' an' a dreamin' o' the ' Ltind o' Cakes.' While he was sittin' like this bis eye wanders over the bow on 'to' the headgear, an' there lie sees a mail standlu' on rlie martingale stay holdlu' (in to the martingale. Wonderlii' who It coulrttbe down there so close to the water at that time o' night, be Jumps up ah' goes for'ard right into the eyes of.:her..an',leanin' over, has a good look. IIei.didn't.need a second one. There, by the light o' the uioon, lie sees the little Portugee. standln', on the stay, his right / arin round the martingale, Ills other hand boldln' open the breast of bis yeller Juniper, exposln' his hairy chest, with a ' born- bandied knlferburied to the hilt In 'tf-' - ? ? r .With ,n that, brotfght tbe watcli out of their bunks, \--i ' ^ - , Scottie staggered back -i gainst the cap stan, covering bis eye* with his hands. The. captain nod second mate left tbe poop an' came for'ard, an' tlie rest of us swarmed on to the forecastle head to see what the matter was. Scottie, scared an' pale with fear, points to the bow an' says, ' Tbe Portugee ! He's on the martingale stay with a knife stickin' In bim !' With a rush twenty beads was cranin' over the bows, but there was no Portugee to be seen. Only the porpoises a-playln' round the forefoot, leavin' a streak of phosphorus in their wake as every now and then they shot ahead of tlie ship. The captain was wild, an' asked Scottie what lie meant by bis tom foolery. So Scottie up an' told him afore all hands what he'd seen, an' swore he was as wide awake an' sensible as ever he was In bis life. Tho skipper laughed at the whole thing, an' told him to keep movin' when on the lookout, and not fall asleep an' scare all hands with his silly dreams. But Scottie wouldn't have it, nohow, but what he'd seen tlie Portu gee himself or Ills ghost. After that the lookout generally had a chum with bim for company. Another fortnight passed, and the work of the ship went on iu the ordinary way. Everybody seemed to think as the ghost was only Seottie's fancy ; but he stuck to bis yarn, an' wouldn't give iu. His looks was altered, too, an' he wasn't the same chap as lie used to be. Well, sir, as I said, about a fortnight passed. Oue morning the cook turned out as u$unl at 4 o'clock, an' went to the galley to light his lire au' get the coffee ready. At 5 o'clock one of the watcli went to tbe galley door to see how the coffee was gettlu' on. The lee door was open, but there was no fire in the stove, an' the cook was lyln' full length on tlie tiles of the floor. Thlnkln' he was asleep, Hlgglns— that was the sailor's name — starts to rouse him up, but he was like a dead man. .Tust then I comes up to the galley door to see if the men's coffee was ready, as it was gettlu' close on ' turn to' time. ' Bosun,' says I-Iiggius to me, ' the doctor's In a fit or soinethin' ; lie looks as if he was corpsed 1' I had a look. Sure enough, he was unconscious, anyway. Gailln' some of tlie watch along, I bad him carvied on deck ail' laid on the main hatch. The chief mate came along off the poop, an' we tuled to bring him to by dashin' water in Ills face, chafing Ills hands, and such like, but it was no go. He was as white as a piece o' cotton onn vas, an', only for his pulse, he looked like dead. The mate goes aft an' calls the skipper, who conies along in a couple of minutes. In his pyjammas, an' with a bottle o' hartshorn in his hand out o' the med'clne chest. The hartshorn fetched him round. Openin' his eyes, he stared around, an' then, sittin' up, he says, ' The Portugee ; he's In the galley, sittin,' on the seatloeker !' And then he falls plunk back In another, faint. By the captain's order we carried him aft to the cabin, an' liccome round again after a spell. A stiff nip o' brandy brought the colour to his face again, an' In answer to the captain's questions he told him ' that he was called at a quarter to 4, an' when eight bells struck he came to the galley-door, unlocked it, and walked in. There, right before his eyes, was the Portugee, sitting on the seat loeker, and holding the breast of his yellow jumper open, a horn- liandled knife sticking in his chest.' He (the cook) tried to holler out, but couldn't, an' lie knew no more until he come to on the hatch with the ' watch' standln' round him. I'm not far out of my reekonln' when I say that this here last affair sent a queer sort, of uneasy feeling right fore an' aft the ship, an' foul play was talked about. The little Portugee had been murdered. But. who'd done It, an' how was It done 7 Suspicion fell on tlie Spaniard, an' It was rumoured about that when first become aboard he bad a horn-handled knife, which he wore In a sheath inside the waistband of Ills pants, but which he hadn't worn for some time. Now this was queer, to say tlie least of it, for I remembered that when I caught bis wrist the first day out, when he tried to prick the Portugee, bis knife had a born handle to It But that was far from provin' as he had murdered Ills ship mate. However, I mentioned this to the captain, an' after thlnkln' the matter over, lie sends for the Spaniard an' asks him straight where ills knife with the horn handle was 7 He said as he'd lost it overboard while doin' somo job aloft. ' You see, bo'sun,' the captain says to me after, ' you can't very well charge a man with murder, .because two of the crew say they have seen a ghost with a horn-liandled knife in its breast, and because another happened to own such a knife. I don't suppose we shall see or hear of the ghost again, so let the matter drop.' But it was seen again. We rounded the Cape all right, but not before the Portugee's ghost had been seen in different parts of the ship by the biggest part of the crew, the chief mate among the number. Now Mr. Rich wasn't a man to be easily fooled at any thing, an' I don't believe as he know what fear was. The men were always talkln' among themselves . about the ghost, but if tbe mate liappeped to hear one of 'em lie'd call '-mi all the lubbers, old women, an', fools he could lay his tongue to. Butliesaw it one night, as he told me .himself. He was walkin* the weather 'side o' the poop, when he saw It down to leeward between the lanyards of tbe two foremost shrouds of the mlzzen riggin'. It had tbe knife stuck In its breast, just as others had seen It. Quick as a flash the mate sprang down to leeward, an' just as he was goln' to grip hold o' the thing It vanished in the night air I In the Bay of Bengal one of the ap prentices was sent aloft one night to loose the mlzzen-to'gallan' sail. He'd loosed the sail and come down into tbe top, an' was ' lighting' up the clewlines while the men was holstln' the yard. Suddenly he gave a scream, an' fell to the poop deck. It's a wonder he wasn't killed, but he got off with a broken, leg. The skipper had him carried to his own stateroom an' set his leg. When the little chap was able to speak he told the captain as ' he'd seen the man in the yellow jumper In the mlzzen top,' an' In his fright he leaped to tho deck. Now comes tbe rummlest part of my yarn, an' It's near the end, too, sir. We 'was off Diamond Island on Christmas Eve! There was no fun goln' on, an' no prospects of a merry Christmas, as every one was scared of his own sliadder, an' longiu' to get Into port. There was hardly any wind, an' the courses were hauled up. Four bells had just gone— 10 o'clock— an' I was talkln' to the mate 011 tbe fore end of the poop about the work, when the captain comes up au' ] joins us. He was looking worried an' i vexed. An' no wonder ! The Spaniard ; was on the lookout, an' we could see him plainly from where we stood. This set 1 us talkln' about tlie ' ghost.' After [ awhile the mate says, ' Who's that going I up the ladder on to the forecastle head 7' i The enptain an' me looks for'ard. The | Spaniard was leanln* against the cap- , Stan with his face for'ard an' his back to us. Creepln' up the ladder an' along .the ; deck until be gets right behind the . Spaniard, we sees, as plainly as I see* you now, sir, tbe figure of the Portugee ; j we 'knew bim by bis yellow jumper. While we looked, hardly bellevln' our own eyes, tlie Spaniard turned round face to face with his visitor 1 A hideous yell, a run an' a mad leap, an' be had plunged Into the sea, over' the ship's bows, the ghost of the Portugee follow ing him. - At the shout ' Man over board I' the ship was soon all alive. Tbe maluyard was backed, ab'.the quarter boat was out In a jiffy. No, sir, we didn't pick bim up, al though we searched about for a good hour, aud then we hoisted tbe boat up, trimmed the yards, an' stood on. That was the last we saw of the little Portu gee's ghost. That all 7 No, sir, not quite. The day we commenced dlschargin' in Rangoon the coolies come tumblin' up out o' the afterhold in a deuce of a fright. They'd come across tlie dead body of a man covered over with about a foot o' salt. When we went down there lay the little Portugee In his yellow Juniper an' can vas pants, the Spaniard's horn-liandled knife through his heart. Very much impressed by the old bo'sun's yarn, but rather sceptical, I took tlie first opportunity of sounding the captain. ' Yes,' said he, ' the boatswain's story Is substantially correct. I do not pre tend to account for it, but the apparition actually did appear in the way described, My owner, who is also tbe owner of the Hyacinth, knows the story, aud lias the knife hung up above ills library mantel piece. 