At'S'S APPARITIONS A True Anglo-Australian . Story. (BY I??LCLOT BooTH.) -Ther are more thins. in heven" anad Sth, 7-atao, limn are dreamt of in Tomu pD~ibr?lp7."'- ? w., . . WAS seated in Fred Gaseoignos's seng little study in far-away Eng ]and. There were Fred, myself, and two other mutual friends, Harry Coiling and Regi nald l'awson. It was du'k, and the lamps had just been ligkted, the shutters closed, and. we four were settled down to. a comfortable smoke, with a moderate adjunct .for Fred was very temperate, ,.ndenjoined moderation on the part of his friends) in the shape of whisky and water, heedless of the rain that dashed in guate on the window panes. Fred Gascoigne was a young doctor who was just beginning to make for himself what became afterwards a " nifortablo practice. =Colling and Pairiwion wrett medicial atudents then, a.dd I?~.-#el I t' n't ~ .i ythinlg in kartic:ar then, though my ninolina tions tended toward that fascinating will-o'-the-wisp literature. The coneereation had drifted from spiritualism into mesmerism, animal galvanism, cla)rvoyaney, ghosts and apparitions, and very interesting to me was that intellectual discuasion. .Each of us had something to say, either in'favor of sprits appearing or otherwise, while many theories were started to account for authenticated so-called apparitions.- At length Fred said, "Well, boys, we +nsy scoff or not as we choose at such things as ghostly apparitions, but 'll tell you what took place in our family, and not so many years ago, and what is more I can produce some dumb wit nesses. I have never cared to relate he story before, hut I tan give you ny word that it is true," and be rought his hand down gently but mpressively upon the table, and the Sriter who now records it implicitly elieves in the truth of it, and so will to reader. Well, we all expressed our eager t.ese to hear Fred's story, and without 'more ado he began, and I will tell it in his own words, for I took care to make notes of it. FPD8's STonY. I don't suppose you boys re member my brother Tom-no of course you cannot-I can barely remember him . myself. Well, that's his likeness, a., pencil sketch, and it is the only one I have-photography was not much known then, but y u can see he was a fine, tall, handsome man; that's another brother alongside of him, George, drawn by the same artist. As boy and girl Tom and Mabelllrun ton (the daughter of a small.farmer near our house) had been sweethoarts. Mly brother had chosen my father's profession (the medical), underwent a' course at college and so forth, andre ttrned home a fine prorpising, young man, to find Mabel developed into a handsome girl of 18. The love of the boy and girl became the more passionate one of the man and woman -and the two became most ardent .lovers. Indeed, I am told that she wan in every way werthy of ass honest man's love being virtuous, industrious, and moreover gifted with so much personal beauty that she turned the head of every young man in the country about, gentle or bumpkin. My father and mother, especially the former, die-: countenanced the intimacy--Mlabel w-as not of our class. Ahl That class distinction I I At times angry words passed be tween Tom and my father. My mother pleaded with Mabel to give him up, and the poor girl, while tearfully consenting. only felt how impossible it would be to do so. Tom had tacked M.R.C.S. to his name, and affairs were pretty much .the same between him and Mabel' when news came to England of the gold discoveries in Australia. Tounp men were fired with the intelligence, and ships were being rapidly filled with passengers bound for the An tipodee-a voyage of no mean under takiongin those days. Tom was al?c fired by these accounts. He would go out to this now El Dorado, make • fortune, and return to wed Mabel, the girl of his heart. So he told her My father encouraged him, thinking it the beat way of curing him of his latentions towards MabeL My mother relaetantly consented. At last, with many tears and much misgiving o?n t pas of ' mater and Mabel, Tom tat® bie' departure. I was quite a ittlo?ellow at the time. We never saw · again. He went out as doctor on board of one of Marshall's ships, and twelve months afterwards we got a long, hopeful letter from him, saying that he was just off to the diggings; how the crews were deserting their veasels, and everybody who could possibly. get away was making for the gold country. Melbourne, then only a bush town, was almost deserted. ,Then, after long intervals, came other letters telling of fortunes made, and of his onn fluctuating success. Mabel too, you may be sure, got nor letters, poor girl. I must hasten on. To be brief then, Mabel two years later, in 18~l5, caught a severe mold through playing croquet one damp evening; My father pronounced her came almost hopeless from the rst ; the chill laid an iron grip on her lungs, and in spite of the ten-. derest care she dieds of a gallop eng contumotion. after a few' weeks- llness, on April 28, 1885, Six months after this sad event we Sot-ýi35ttl~i;e9ýi op a T&om.; w4&tip; ilose upon thin fireign paper a usunal He used to write for some time prior to the dispatch of a mail, adding to it each day, so that we received quite a journal. Here is the letter I refer to; it is the last letter we ever got from him. It is too long to read it in its entirety, so I will only give you the part which applies to my story. After recounting his failures and successes he says he has, with his mate, shifted further away, pros pecting, and was getting payable gold -his mate had gone to the township for " tucker." The letter is dated " Fiery Creek, Ballarat, Victoria," and the following paragraph bears date "April28, 1855:" " How can my pen write down what I saw this night O, my dear parents, I fear. there is something sadly amiss at home. I must be calm, if it is pos-ible for me to be so, with my blood at fever heat At 8 o'clock I was sitting in my tent alone smoking, listening to the bush sounds and thinking of the loved ones far away. The moon was high and full in the heavens and shed its light through the opening.of the tent. -I took up my pen to add something -to. my home letter, when I heard a gentle sigh-Ol such a sad sigh. I looked up when, God help me, I saw stondingin the opening, flooded with the moonlight, Mabel Brunton I ' She was, 0 Iso-pale; and he? ?iteded hle' arms - towards me as though for an embrace. I sprang towards hei, cry ing ' Mabel, my own,' to throw my arms about her, when I grasped the. empty air. She had ranished and even as she did so I fancied I heard the sigh again. I rushed outside, calling her byname, and searched around, but there was no trace of a living soul, no sound save the occasional cry of a night owl, the fox like yelp of a dingo. What can it mean? I was not asleep, it was no dream, for I have cut out the turf whereon she stood, and will ten derly care for it, and will water it with my tears." Now the -late April 28, 1855, is the date of Mabel's death, and mnking allowance for the difference in time,.the. hour corresponds also with that in which her spirit passed away. You can examine the letter, and must acknowledge that there cannot be any collusion. But the strangest part of my story is yet to come. On the anniversary of Mabel's death, i.e., April 28, 18-50, my mother was lying awake in bed alone, nmy father was out on his rounds. There wasa dim night light. burning in the room. The door of my father's dressing-room was closed, so also was the bedroom door leading out to the staircase landing. .My mother said afterwards that she was thinking of Tom, when she was horri fled to see the dressing-room door open, and there stood her son, my brother. He was dressed after the manner of an Australian digger, look ing sad and pale. lie gazed mourn fully at my mother with an intensity of love, walked slowly across to the bedroom door, looked once more at my mother, and passed: out. For a moment my mother could not move for horror, then she gave utterance to scream upon scream. The household was roused. A search was made high and low, but no trace was found. The hour wtas noted, and it was the very same in which Mabel Brunton died. This visitation had a serious effect upon my mother, and my father's skill was taxcd anxiouly on her behalf. Even he could not scout such a matter in the face of Tom's letter, received but a few months before. Six months after this we received a letter in a strange hand, from Tom's mate, who, by the way, was a lawyer. Here also is his lettter. After pre paring the way for the sad news his letter contains he announces my brother's death. " I had been," he writes, "on one of my customary visits to the township to bank gold and obtain stores. I was ab sent about four days, and on my return on the let May I whas shocked to discover your son, my dear friend, dead. He hbad evidently been dead about three days. He was lying on his 'possum rug with a emile upon his lips and a tuft of grass, which he tenderly cared for in a pretty square box he had made, firmly clasped near his heart.- He had never been the same man for over a year, and told me of an apparition that had visited him on April 28, 1855, and as the anniversary of that date approached he became melan choly. My impression is'that he died on that anniversary through excite ment preying on a week heart. We buried him in the silent bush, and fenced the grave securely." The writer then goes on to say that they had made a really fair fortune; that he wished.to revisit England for a'ties; and that he would bring home Tom'e share, with all his belongings. He was as good as his word. He brought a drawing of Tom's grave, with all his belongings (which you observe form a miniature museum), his letters, a cockatoo, still living with one of my sisters, and, in, addition to the turf which my brother soprized, a corresponding piece c~ut from his grave. Each piece of grass you seehas the Australian soil attached. We found it difieult to keep them groewing,, so I preserved them as you see. My brother's share in the claim and its products realised something like £5000; which, as he had made no will, of course, came 'to my father. Now, con yeusay, in the face of this evidence, that the spirit of Mabel Brtunton did not appear to my brother, or that his spirit in turni did sot pass before my mother P Fred's story was done. We -were silent, and gazed curiously at the grass, read the letters, and were'con vinced. I have heard the story since _ •r obpi. b :.,L . -1 t.e . pblish it to the world. The law yer (the mate referred to) returned to Australi and died onl.y a few years. ago, full of years and honors. With the exception of the names, the story is perfectly true. 