QUEER CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES. tr,r .-,,?-,„-..., 14;..,, , ? 1 ? Just as sometimes ' fools rush in where angels fear to tread,' so there are somo people who, though with almost the certainty of failure, rush light-heartedly into the arena of law. Some will go to ruinous expense and take all sorts of risks for tho problematical delight of engaging in a legal duel from mo tives of revenge or more solid gain. Hence we often find tho quaintest and oddest excuses serviug as grounds for legal action and the claiming of heavy damages. Per haps a few comparatively recent cases grouped together will soicvo to show, not only what a fearful and wonderful thing is law, but how odd aro somo of the grievances which come up for legal settlement. It is scarcely possible to con ceive any claim more outofthe way than that concerning the ownership of an amputated arm. This was a case, however, heard at the Bolton County Court a year or bo ago, when the father of a lad, who had undergone an operation, sued a junior hoiiae-Burgeon of an infirmary for damages. It appeared that after the operation the parent asked for the gruesome relic, and when making his application took with him a wooden box for tho purpose of carrying it home for burial with tho body of his son, who had since died, But, the dismembered limb being lout, the request was refused, and the plaintiff now claimed £10 for the loss. A long and learned argu ment ensued between the counsel as to whether the father had a property in hia eon or his son's body, or any portion his anatomy. It may bo interesting to note that the plaintiff recovei ed neither the amputated arm nor damages for its loss. A case, recalling tho old Saxon ?valuation of limbs and parts of the body, when the ono inflicting tho injury had to pay the penalty of bo much for the loss of an eye, bo much for tho loss of a uoso, &c;, earns on for hearing at the Liver pool Couuty Court some timo ago, when a local dentist had to pay the sum of £5 for drawing a wrong tooth, described a3 ' a 12-year-old molar,' instead of a decayed wisdom-tooth, the true Beat of tho patient's pAin. It waa also at Liverpool that anotlwi' action an curious was heard, when tlamagea against 11 local barber wore claimed for in jury and inconvenience, resulting from what was described as a ' dirty shavo,' attributable to the use of a common ahaving- pot, Tho jury took a long timo to consider, but in the end tho victim of tho common Bhuving-pot got 110 com pensation, A law suit of a peculiar kind wns that arising out of a prediction about the end of the world, A New York preacher, roaponaible for tho particular prophesy in quoBtion shortly ufter tho date which ho had fixed for the universal smash up, found himself mied by a lady who had accepted the prophesy in all good faith. Her action was based on tho ground that, fully behoving the einl of tho world would bo near, she had given away all her earthly belongings to her ii'ieucU and relations. Attired in a white robe, sho hud calmly awaited tho wreck mid end of things, Whethor she waa disappointed or not does not transpire, but she Haw fit to try for the roturn of the worldly goods she had bo foolishly parted with. But those to whom oho hud lnodo a gift other belongings now refus ing their return, bIio Bought a remedy of him who had been the cause of all the trouble. Although the reverend gentleman iu this mstaueo was held legally blaiiH'loHH, it might possibly sorve ub a wain ing to othor prophets not to bo too particular aud precise in thoir datoa, A curious libel suit, arming uut of an obituary notice on a living man, was heard in tho Queen's Bench Division some timo ago, wheu a supposed dead man, about whom some rather uncompli mentary things had been said in print, showed he was vory much alive to his own interests in'obtain ing £50 damages. It is not often that wo hear of a ghost in a lawsuit, or of damagos being claimed for tho loss of such an article. Yet, some two or three years ago, as may be recollected, there was an interesting kw-Buit over tho matter of a ghost, which had apparently been appraised at a considerable sum in tho deed of purchase, and tho bono of conten tion was the ghost of Amy Hob Bart. Haunted houses are, an a rule, to be hud at much bolow par value ; but iu this iustanco tho plaintiff had so Btrong a desiro to become the proud possessor of a placo sup posed to be distinguished as tho unhappy hunting-ground of tho historic shade, that lio had been willing to pay handsomely for it. Finding, however, that tho ghost was cither an unrespouaivo 0110 or not a regular habitue of tho pre mises ho had bought, ho now sought to recover tho purchase money. But the law decided in effect that there was no recovery for the loss of a ghost, and tho judge apparently concurred in the arguments of counsel that there could be no proprietorship in a shade and a tradition. Another case in which figured a ghost, or, aa some would perhapa deacribo it, a spirit-rapping spook, waa an action for libel recently tried at Cologne It was all over the losa of a will, tho suynicion that a painter had purloined it, and tho information oaid to bo im parted by the spirit that all the valuables mentioned in tho will wero to bo found hidden in the coal-collar ef a well-known mer chant in another part of the city, Tho parties interested in the will denounced the owner of tho coal cellar to the police, and found means to have his premises searched. They, however, found nothing; and tho merchant brought the present action for libel. But it appears that as tho ' ghost,' 0110 of the most important witnesses in the case, had abBconded, and aa there was no known moans of subpieua iug it, there was little or no satis faction for either patiew. Ono of the most novol lawsuits ever heard came before the civil tribunal in Paris some littlo time ago. This was tho question of tho color a tradesman should bo allowed to paint his shopfront, Tho choice of a certain advertise, ment agent falling on a blinding vermilion, a milliner, a jeweller, and a silk merchant thereupon combined to bring an action for damages to the tune of five thou sand franca, on tho ground that tho reflection of the brilliant color of tho house-front opposite interfered with their buBineBs, and rendered it difficult for customers to diutin guish tho exact shado and quulity of the articles submitted for their inspection. In the end the advor tisement agent was compelled to advei'tiBO himielf and hi« whevo abouts in a more modest hue, kibh— ifurtirmirrrT [iiattaaa 