ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS- READEB (Heidelberg).—1. Good folding for dividends. The profitable prospects of this mine have improved wonderfully of fate. 2. All the other stock" you mention are worth sticking to. You have shown excellent judgment in your selection of ventures. You conld not better them. FITBOY.—1. Yon had better bold Toombons, as the mine is improving in the bottom level. What hampers this mine ie the want of a new main shaft. At present tbe mine is worked under very disadvantageous conditions, and every toe of stone raised has to be bandied half-a-dozen times. It is the excessive handling that creates expense and prevents the company paying tbe dividends that would accrue if the stone could be more easily and e6onomically raiBed. 2. We have cot heard how the sale ie getting on. We believe a genuine' offer was made. 3. No new main shaft has been commenced to our knowledge: i. Melbourne Uniteds —the pick ol tbe cheap Westralian propositions. W. K. (Yarraville). - We would have attended the meeting, bat did not get your letter till tbe morning after the event. Beading what transpired at that meeting we should say tbe prospects of selling the claim to an English company are certainly very favourable, thongb we do not think the £20,000 woiking capital will meet the expenses of thoroughly opening op tbe mine. Seeing tbe difficulty there ie of putting off Australian mines in Iiondon, we are of opinion tbe shareholders are making as good a bargain as is possible. INQUIBEB (Boort).—1. Unfortunately your note did not reach us till late on publication day, and in consequence we could not reply. However, we hope yon took advantage of the recent rise in Sonth Loch Fynes to sell• As we point out in a paragraph, the company has not yet got tbe dyke. If you haven't sold you had better bide-a-wee, as tbe prospects of the company getting tbe dyke are certainly good. 2. The Loch Fyne United is a good prospecting show. Its probabilities of doing well are just as good as the South Loch Fyne. This scrip is certainly good and cheap enough for a flutter. 3. Also good gamnles—Barlen- Hercu'leB, South Hercules or New Koh.i-noor. Latter has big possibilities, and also regular calls, but there is always the chance of a nice rise directly promising stone ie happened upon. ALPHA (Heyfield).-l. Advise you to quit the Bokewood Centrals. Seems hopeless case. 2. We do noc think it has a ghost of a chance bf rivalling the big mine; only wortn handling for maiket profits. Hang oS for a day or two, and if the shares drop a shilling or two, then go in. If yon buy, do not neglect to take any profits that the market may give, better to be sure than sorry, because tbe district impression is that the company will not get much out of the dyke; of course, nobody can foretell what prospecting may develop. 3. Britannia Uniteds are a fair spec, at ruling ratep, but for a prompt rise we should prefer to buy M Evoy's, Glad to hear that the results were up to our lorec&sts.; D. H. B. (Gippsland).—1. If we mistake not, the question was answered at the time. It is a mine we cannot recommend. If you want a good cheap line, Beehive and German Consolidated, Maldon, has excellent prospects. GLISNELG (goath Australia).— Many thanks for papers. There is nothing moving in. either Johnsons or Dagmars, and the Northern Stars are, as you aptly remark, as " dead ag mutton." Think you would make a nice profit by picking up either Block 45's, M'Evoy'e, Melbourne Unitede, Princess Margarets oP Central Boulders. Latter the best chance of a big juinp. H. B.—Thanks for paragraph. As you say, only a month ago we again recommended Hercules at 20s., and those who bought on the strength of our tip have good excuBe to shake bauds with tbemBelveB. The Hercules will be one of tbe biggest Taamanian mines, BEADBB (Prabran) —1. £he Boulder Nortn Extended is busy erecting hauling and pumping machinery, and until this is ready, for work tbe farther sinking of the shaft will not be continued. 2. We cannot recommend Mt. Charlotte Centrals. Up to date the crosscuts sent in have not revealed anything of value. 3. No. M. B. (South Yarra).—X. South Hercules are a fair snap, ae it is expected the continuation of the Hercules lode will be cut very shortly. 2. We are not very keen on Mt. Block Proprietarys. Believe it is the intention of tbe company to eguip tbe claim with pnmping and winding machinery so as to permit sinking the shaft to 100ft. and test the lode at that point. A 9ft. pothole sunk on the lode is alleged to have proved it 8it. thick, giving aBsays of loz. gold, 3oz. silver end 2 C per cent, of copper. HOPE.—The latest report from the Boulder Central states that they are still shaft-sinking. BEBBI (N.S.W:).—The Premier is not doing too brilliantly. The last , yield came from a crushing put through to test the north end of the mine, where the reef is 12ft. wide. The average was a trifle under the ounce, and this tbe management consider very satisfactory, although we hardly think it leaves much profit to the company. Directly you can see a profit we recommend you to get out of the stock. ANXIODB (Richmond).—1. The Railway Prince of Wales is waiting tbe New Prince of Wales connecting its levels before resuming sinking. The former will uo doubt get the continuation of the stone the New Prince is working; in factihey seem to have cut it in the shaft when they stopped sinking. 2. Fentiman's Proprietary is the beBt df holding, as the claim has first.c ass prospects. SOBSORIBEB f(Toorak).—The Nerrim Nerrim is another case of dallying mine management. The winding and pumping plant is erected, and the mill is slowly assuming shape, so much so that it is expected the fi st crushing will come off next month. A new manager appointed, and the chairman of the directors is at the mine seeing that things are pushed on. To date tbe developments at the mine cover 130ft. of reef opened up at tbe DOft. level, while at 96ft. the stone has been exposed for a good distance. Another level sent in at 160ft., while the drive at 216ft. will cut the two reefs traversing the property. Shaft down 250ft. Millinge are expected to touch 2oz*and if tbey do so. the company, with only 10,000 shares, has a nice future ahead. VENTUHH (Melbourne).—1. Advise you to pay the call. Tbe company is now crosscutting east and west for the reef, and should get Btone in tbe latter drive within a few days, and if it does so we trust it will be such as to imbue the company with fresh life. 2. Get oat of the Lone Hand Exfceodeds. 3. Would hold Tindals, as when the machinery is renovated happier crushingB may ensue- SUBSCBXBBB (Brighton Beach).—1 Advise yon to let them slide. We do not think tbe property has mucbcbance. 2\. If you can get a profit on Chalk's No. 3 you should take it. 3. We will inquire. At present the mine is looking very sick. G. O. M.—1. Hepburn Estates are likely to improve. The company has not yet cleared off its liabilities, and until that is done the question of dividends cannot be considered. 2 We should prefer to stand off the Extended. A lot of calls necessary to open up tbe claim, 3, Has a fair chance, that is all. Fature crushings will not come np to the trial resnlt. 4. New St. Mungo we will inquire about. ECOTTY (Royal Park).-1. We have not tbe information at our band, but will supply next week. 2, Company crosscutting for the Guiding Star jode. A medium gamble at ruling rateB. QDEEIST (Tallangatta).—It is very difficult to advise in this matter. You see the company has such excellent prospects that when the shaft gets down the necessary distance to permit the first level being driven, the shares are likely to come into prominence. Unfortunately a large number of shares have bei a forfeited, and as that entails a greater burden iLi carrying on the mine, we can hardly recommend yon to stop in. Better write oil the loss. The directors are desirous of Belling because of the halfhearted support the mine gets from local people. It is so difficult to get a good body of shareholders to back it. From what we bear the London sale ie not likely to happen. SPECUL4TOB (Kew).-l. If yon are wise you will avoid Von Moltkes. Never mind what the crowd say. When tbe mine first began to tumble they reported that the reports about the good stone beinp worked out were false, but tbe manager has ein^e verified the rumours. 2\. Fenby's Reward are cheap, and ehoald give fair profitB if the next crushing equals tbe last; and from the stone being stoped we understand it will not be far bebin J. The golden shoots suffer much from displacements, but it is always probable that wben more settled country is encountered the Btone will make more solid and carry better in length. 3. Yes, but tbe return can hardly be accepted aB a criterion of what the mine is capable of. It id a broken yitld. Even if the whole tonnage does not exceed that average it will pay. 4. You should take your profits on New Chum, St.Arnaud. S. T. (BalJarat).—1. Victor's Quartz is looking better, and by the improvement ttie mine promises to turn out fairly well. 2, North Mount Lyells are always good stock at a price near the pound mark. 3. Queen Margarets should have a big improvement if me lode is found to be carrying well at tbe 300it. level, which is shortly to be opened ont. 