:Jl jRemum PREACHED IN ST. PAUL'S, MELBOUENE, SUNDAY MOEN ING, JANUARY 31st, 1897. (By Eev. Canon Godby, M.A.) Psalm exxir. 3, 4.—' Jerusalem is built as a city that is compact together. Whither the tribes go up, the tribes of the Lord, unto the testimony of Israel, to give thanks unto the name of the Lord.' We are told that the Psalms from 120 to 134, called in our E. V. of the Bible the Songs of Degrees, were the folk-songs of the Israelites, sung especially at those festival seasons when the tribes gathered themselves together at Jerusalem for the great national acts of worship in the place which the God of Israel had chosen to place His name there. As such, they have a very particular interest for us. For we cannot read them or sing them without being reminded of a little company that once went up from the village of Nazareth, and of one bright young voice that joined in the evening hymn when the twilight faded and the journey of the day was over, ' I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills, from whence cometh my help' ; which greeted the new day and cheered the early morning, setting forth with the happy words about our text, 'I was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of the Lord.' Little or nothing as we know of the use of other Psalms, of these we may say Jesus sang them ; Jesus heard them as they echoed from company to company on the hills and valleys and plains of Palestine, the national songs of a nation gather ing to worship a nation's God. And as the beautiful vision of those days that were comes before us, and we almost cheat ourselves into the thought that it is memory - which is bringing back to us those golden mornings and evenings an'd those silver moonlit nights, when all the happy land was filled with songs, songs of the faith and hope and love of a simple nation of peasantry compacted together in pure devotion to its only God, must we not wish that the old days could come again, and that our land might be filled with song, ' Jerusalem is built as a city that is compact together' ; or that our beautiful paraphrase of those venerable words, which now so often strike us with its harsh unreality, were indeed real and true — We are not divided, all one body we ; One in faith and doctrine, one in charity. Let us pray for the peace of our Jerusalem, knowing how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity. Our Jerusalem, the type of the compact unity into which should be bound, and by the grace of God shall yet be bdtend, all the families of those who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity — that seems to me to be the first thought which should come to us, as we bring to a close our commemoration of the dedication to God's service of this beauti ful house. There are many who, breathing the constricted atmosphere of petty local selfishness, still ask — 'What is the use of a Cathedral? How dare we indulge ourselves in this luxury while yet so vastly much needs to be done to supply us with the merest necessities?' Is, then, such a centre of worship as this a luxury? Is it not, indeed, a neces sity? And have we not suffered, and are we not still suffering, because in the organising of the Church in a new country we have thought too little of the wise methods of our forefathers, who, in their days of founding, provided and made strong the centre first of all, and from that worked outwards ; thus, perhaps unconsciously, but nevertheless with most signal success, carrying out our Lord's own theory of organisation, 'beginning from Jerusalem?' Is it a luxury? Is it not, indeed, a necessity that in these days of disinte gration, when all bonds hang loose, and personal and local and class selfishnesses are driving, men asunder, here should stand this sacra ment in stone, this outward and visible sign of the grace of God, which calls all men to brotherhood — this solid symbol of the creed, 'I believe in one Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church'? For else where every church is a local possession. It exists to supply the needs of a definitely limited number. This one and that one have clear rights in connection with it, and all others when they come there come there as strangers. But to whom belongs this house? For whom are its services ? Who can claim a home and rights here ? Its doors stand open for all. Its worship is for all and for any who will join it. The immigrant who yesterday found himself alone in this new land, his last tie severed which bound him to home and kindred and friends, to-day may have found home again, as here he has joined in the dear familiar ritual and found the first and only spot in his new land in which he has a right which none can impeach. All else is strange, and to all else he may be stranger : but this place shall tell him that the Church is never strange ; with her there is home always and under every sky. The little synagogue of Nazareth exists for Nazareth, but hither the tribes go up— the tribes of the Lord — to give thanks unto the name of the Lord. The very remoteness and isolation of places in such a country as this demand the existence of a Cathedral as a corrective and a perpetual protest against the tendency to Congregationalism. One passes through the little struggling country towns, and marks the number in each of little places of worship, which accentuate the schisms which so deplorably weaken the influence of Christianity for righteousness. Bach such place is proclaiming aloud the separations which divide ; and, living perpetually in such a din of divisions, how hard it must be to realise at all any existence of a Church more com prehensive than a sect— a brotherhood unrestricted by bounds of locality. But here, in the great city, towards which all men and all things flow, here stands this, proclaiming not separations and distinctions, but the real everlasting unity and equality of the Catholic Church. Who can go back to his far township after worshipping here and not know that he is more than a member of the synagogue of his Nazareth ? He is a member of the Holy Catholic Church, the existence nf wliin.li is vpqI n.nrl np.t.nal fnv Vinvo 1-iq line tcW. it. The unity of the Church, thus symbolised by the greatness and beauty of the fabric of a cathedral, and the freedom of access to it at all times offered to all, is further illustrated by the greater pomp and stateliness of its ritual and service. Here again the objector, into whose mind the thought of the Church of Christ acting as a great comprehensive whole can hardly make an entrance, exclaims upon the costliness of services intended for one congregation only, while there are so many who can but with the utmost difficulty maintain the humblest services imagin able. If the worship of this place was the worship of one congrega tion only, and if the glorious music of our ritual, which we so greatly love, and which is maintained only at a large cost, was the expression only of us who worship here, then, under the present circumstances of this country, there could be no defence for the expenditure of money which might be spent elsewhere. But the case is not so. The offering of worship in the Cathedral Church of a diocese is the offering not only of the particular congregation which takes part in it, but of the whole Church throughout the diocese. How carefully our fathers noted this when they built in small, obscure towns, some times in places where as yet no town existed, vast and beautiful basilicas, larger than ever could be filled by any congregation which could be gathered together, and endowed them with revenues for no other purpose than the maintenance of continuous elaborate services, where there could never be more than the merest handful of people gathered together. This was to be the constant offering of the whole Church. Day and night continuously from this Zion should go up to heaven the smoke of the incense of the prayers of all the people. Can we afford this luxury of symbolism, does one ask ? Nay, is not the proper question — Can we at all afford to be without the reality, where in the busy rush of life so few find time to turn aside to pray, where amid a sparse and poor population it is so hard to maintain even the weekly services of Sunday ? If anywhere there could be found a diocese in which all churches were open always, and all Deonle went to r-ravers everv dav. there we mieht sav. TDerhans. was n, place in which there was no need for the services of a Cathedral. But let us thank God that we have among us the daily offering ; that although in our separate, parishes the voice of prayer is seldom heard, from hence goes up to heaven the daily intercession and the daily praises of the tribes of the Lord. And the beauty of it, and the costliness of it ! That too is fitting and right when we think of this splendid symbol of the unity of the Church, ' The King's daughter is all glorious within, her clothing is of wrought gold.' 'I believe in the Holy Catholic Church.' We 'worship the Lord in beauty of holiness.' And shall not the beautiful holiness of the King's daughter, the Lamb's Bride, the constant dwelling-place on earth of the Holy Ghost, be noted by the outward beauty of the service of this place ? Our prayers and our praises shall be with the best members that we have, since they are not the prayers and praises of us, but of all. Again shall the humbler services of every Nazareth be enough for the Nazareth, while He to whom she ministers can say, ' She hath done what she could.' But Jerusalem shall be exceeding magnifical, because thither the tribes go up— the tribes of the Lord— to give thanks unto the name of the Lord. We are to think them not of a parish, but of a diocese, not of a congregation, but of the whole Church, when the existence and main tenance of the Cathedral and its services is in question. A Cathedral need have, and perhaps should have, no parochial cares attached to itself; no parochial officers and organisation. There is attached to it no fixed congregation, but its doors are open to all worshippers from all quarters; its congregations, like itself, are representative of the whole Church, not of any particular locality. The fewness of those who assemble at its daily offices does not diminish their usefulness. They are essentially offices of intercession for the whole and by the whole Church, ministered day by day by those appointed to this very thing. And yet must we recognise the many to whom this Cathedral has been, and still is, their permanent home in the Church. To say that all our services here are without personal importance to any, and have been without personal influence upon any, would be to say that they had failed, for never anywhere can the holy offering of the Blessed Sacrament of our Lord's Body and Blood be made before the Father on behalf of an abstraction only. Gladly and thankfully must we who worship here extend the borders of our intercessions, and carry the needs of all the Church upon our hearts in our prayers ; but for this, too, must we thank God in our festival that here we have the living representation of the Church's great office in the world of being the refuge of all distressed. It is asked again and again — What is the Church doing for the poor ? This 2?lace is one answer to that ques tion. She is offering her very best to the very poorest. None can have looked upon the congregation of this Church from this place, or have ministered the most comfortable Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Christ from its altar, and failed to see that h$re are gathered habitually many whose humbleness seems to bar the door of parish churches against them. In the days of old the precincts of the Cathedral churches were sanctuary. Thither might flee everyone who was oppressed, and find safety from the power of his oppressor. Thither when the heathen invaded the land might the poorest peasant carry all he loved and all he possessed, and obtain shelter till the peril was past. And I know that still this place is sanctuary to many an oppressed soul. Here is a quiet place of refuge when the storms of life blow shrill;1 here many a mother has come from her narrow home wherein quietness could not be, and has found rest for the strained nerves in the stillness of prayer where, in the midst of the world, the world is shut out. Here many a man who has found life too hard for him, has gained courage to go out again and fight manfully at his post, having learnt that though his world may shut out God, yet in truth God is never far away, a God of infinite compas sion and mercy — the keeper of Israel, who neither slumbers nor sleeps. And what should hinder us from going on far further still, and still finding sufficient to thank the Lord our God for this great possession of His Church among us ? A Cathedral, a Church such as this a luxury, an unjustifiable burden, a robbery of the poor ? Nay, God forbid ! That the Cathedral may do more for the Church than now it can do, I admit. Of that more, the high ambitions we may fairly centre in this place, I trust to speak this afternoon. But this I say now: Here we have our Jerusalem, the outward and visible sign of the com pact unity of the Church of the Lord Jesus Christ as He meant her to tie ; the ever-speaking jirotest against the sins of men who strive to rend her asunder ; the effective symbol of those means whereby in His grace God will again unite all in one. 0 pray for the peace of Jerusalem. Pray that God will continually raise up among His people godly men to preach His Word and to dis pense His mysteries in this place. Pray that those who are appointed to minister here in whatever function may be fully minded of the solemn dignity of their office. Pray that the voice of intercession for the Church and for the world may never be silent within these walls : that the very Presence of God may ever be within them. Pray that when all round them men are taking Mammon for their God, and thinking lightly of sin and denying the Lord who bought them, if evil days should come and these choirs 'be silenced and their song, 'These atones may1 plead aloud, and live to speak the wrong.' 