A WONDERFUL WOMAN; t OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY, I By IRS.IIAY AGNES FLEIING. y Captain O'Donnell walked on to the town lost in thought. The ghost of Sir Peter was a riddle he could not read. At s length he reached the churchyard of h Castleford. Then he suddenly paused. A man and a woman were standing just t by the gate, screened from the view of passengers by the elms that waved above c it. Even at that distance he recognised s the woman's figure-it was not to be mis takien-it :was tlass Herneastle. Fate I seemed to take a malicious pleasure in I .- M lni C' p Wrs her path, in fore- i doomingn him c o ,, - As the" thought crossed his'mtn"-.,,, .two turned, and' he saw that the face of 1 the man was that of an utter stranger. He sawbtheir faces clearly as they turn S ed fromi the gate aid appproached him. • In the profqund silgnce the last words of S ?iss Herneastle, in her irch,- sweet, full Stones, came to him: S"You must go back, Henry, and at once-to-night. That you hav'e been at Castleford at all will cause talk enough." Their hands clasped. The man mur mured something earnestly, in too low a volce to be heard. Mtiss Herneastte's clear voice responded: "Give up-give up now, alter all I have suffered, all I have worked so hard to accomplish, all I have done already ? Never! You should know me better than that The first instalment of my re venge I have had. What I have sworn I will do: then, I care little'what comes. Good night, my kind, my fdithful friend go back to London at once." She pulled a thick veil she wore over her face, and walked away, with her own rapid, resolute step. The man lingered for nearly ten minutes; then he disap peared in the gloaming. And Captain O'Donnell! He stood like one petrified. Who was Miss Herncastle? Hte glanc ed at the grave and the grey stone gleam tog in the moon-rays that told of the le gend of Katherine Dangerfield's death. If Katherine Dangerfield were dead-if what reason had he to doubt it? And yet!-and yet!-his blue eyes flashed, his lips set, his face grew like iron with the sudden,'stern resolve. "I'll get at the bottom of this juggling. I'll find out who you are, my mysterious Miss Herncastle. I'll find out ichether it was Katherine Dangerfield's ghost Sir Peter saw under the King's Oak. or-a living woman!" 