nits and Mods. th - 1 i(idy by nunquam Dobmio. I,ring Moating of 1897 is a thing of >re is still a doubt as to the relative ,8e two great colts—Aurum (TrenAraberito (Carbine—Duenna). a fully avenged his defeat in the riumphs over .his conqueror in the the Flying Stakes and the Spring n it can reasonably be advanced on If that he was beginning to display ileness after the Derby, which was red at considering he haa been in ice annexing the A J.C. Derby last ily experienced a modicum of luck ontof Key in the Flying Stakes; Stakes and C. B. Fisher Plate vic0 hi eh est order of merit. In one 1 a similarity between Aurum and ame as there was between Grand ■ogress—to wit, the pair of them ihoulders over all the other threefc here, again, T doubt if we saw ; his best. r in his day was as much superior te latteij was to the next in order, lever sustained defeat, winniner in including both Derbies, the Melthe Champion Stakes. He only ie Melbourne Cup, though, whereas third with 241b. more on hiB back ter time. Still it is ridiculous to ie Colt of the Century," *' the Best ilia Produced," and so forth. You never had to strike his colours, and the same for that I incline to the , weight-carrier the conformation of lim above the long-barrelled son of jidy Chester. b the most sensational performance ingwasthe exploit of Mr. S. Miller's ^rnside (by Glorious from Mildura) eeplechase, when he led from start romped home with goodness only ly pounds in hand in the record ilea over big fences of 6 min. 32 sees, away with the First Steeplechase, bhe Tuesday with 10-8; and only for the win, the noble army of out favourite at 3 to 1. And how ie fences ! It was in vain that the by, Dr. Louis L. Smith maintained i dashing away from score that " it >r any horse to last out three miles As a matter of fact, Whernaide bhe four miles and a quarter of the liverpool, would have been a matter ■ence to him; notwithstanding the ; he set them brought, no less than ints—Walter, Dondi, Vigil, Peveril, -to grief. Id Surge, by Gibraltar from Delisk) on (eight out of 26 coloured on the i chance" in the V.K.C. Handicap, m the rise of tbe barrier, covering reequarters in Correze's previous I min. 3sec. He had only 6-9 on hit rty threw in for a nice little stake, 'oBitano and Bundook amongst the ag them to finish up their wagering fact that Bundook had shown better stayer than Positano in Cup, when there was only 101b. between them, and notdeclaratien of a dead heat in tbe the public stood Positano 9-7 in idook 8-3 for the V.R.C. Handicap, rse starting at 5 to 2 as againat Had Positano but run like that Cup though it would have been us. as he was only three-quarters 1 Surge, whilst only a neck in ad m.S ha . v racl?f?a8inf1ule«d in even at Flemington SrIhi; \ I RT^y Garae wfts ^oveci to demonth; VRC- Handicappor in his np! ,two rRees ov6r identically the um* distance of ground on Thursday and Saturr?ISTCtT[y .,0nthe Thursday, in the Spring Handicap, of a mile and a quirtor, Parthenopaeus with J stone on his back ran unplaced to Kallara 8-3, Majestic 6-12. and Straight-fire 7-0. the time occupied being 2min. lOsec. Parthenopaeus was returned as starting at 12tol. On Saturday, in IS® ™ difiap' alsoof a mile *n(J ft ouarter. 55®. -?-C. Handicapper upraised Kallara 71b. and Majestic 81b„ and at the same time advanced Parthenopaeus to the 9-4 mark. And that the "inspiration was a good one—though not quite provided tor—was made manifest when Parthenopaeus. well backed down to 4 to 1, sailed homo in advance of Amnesty 6-11, Avrshire 9-6. Majestic 7-6 and ten others in Two Minutes Seven and Threequarter Seconds! The above inconsistency was so pronountyfd that as soon as the event was over the stewards were called together, and they decided that, although there was no evidence to implicate the joint owners of Parthenopaeus (Messrs. S. Allen and T. Arnfield). with the nefarious transaction, the sudden "reversal of form" was so glaring so,nehodv should be made to ■uffer. and so they disqualified A. Ferguson (trainer and P. Quinane (jockey) " during pleasure." They do these things differently in America, where, in a case of similar suspicious surroundings, the stewards have been known to rub the horse, owner, trainer, jockey, and everyone connected with the stable out for life, A terribly drastic course, without a doubt; but extremely salutary. Another thing, it saves stewards a waste of valuable time, as they are not called upon to keep on inflicting punishment on the •ame offenders time after time. Here in Victoria the " damnable iteration" is becoming somewhat monotonous. Though a comparatively young sire (he was foaled in 1888) Zalinski has already proved his excellence, the product of his union with Rusv Bee (by Marquis—Beeswing, by Ladykirk)—Cordite by name—displaying first-class form in the Flemington Stakes on Saturday, in which he carried 8-7 (including a 7lb penalty for winning the previous day at Moonee Valley), and squeezed home hy a bead from Roscommon 7-12 and 17 others, covering the four furlongs and 82 yards in 54sec. Cordite is the property of Mr. R. Chirnside. Aurum and Amherite have met on six occasions, and four times out of the six Mr. W. R. Wilson's colt has been triumphant. On two of the occasions in which he defeated Amberite Aurum was conceding him weight—101b. on ope occasion and 141b, on another. In all Aurum has started 14 times and won 10—his four defeats heing sustained in the V.A.T.C. Spring Nursery Handicap (won by Hymettus), the Oakleigh Plate (won by So-and-So), the V.R.C. Derby (won hy Amberite), and the Melbourne Cup (won by Gaulus). When he ran bis first race at Caulfield he was handicapped at 8-1 as against the Hypnotist's 7-13. but in the next event —the Flemington Stakes (at Flemington)—Aurum was let in at 8-0, whilst ICeora, who ran second, had 9-7 and the Hypnotist 9-4! Up to date Aurum has landed J14169 in stakes alone. Strangely enough two rival champion colts representing Victoria and New South Wales respectively—caused a similar sensation 31 years ago to that occasioned by Aurum and Amherite in the year of grace 1897. These two were Fishhook (by Fisherman—Juliet) and The Barb (by Sir Hercules —Gulnare). Tbey met Six Times as two-year-olds and three-year-oids, The Barb winning on four occasions and Fishhook on two. The Barb was a nugget like Aurum ; Fishhook as fine-looking a colt as Amberite. And how used their respective partisans "barrack" for their particular pet m the good old days. Aurum won the C. B. Fisber Plate, of two miles, in lOlsec. faster time than Bloodshot annexed the same event in last Spring. From a racing point of view it was a great pity that Mr. H. C. Dangar did not reserve Positano for the event m preference to sending him for the racei preceding-ths, VJB.C. Handicap-with 9-7 on his back. In the^C. B^ Fisher Plate Positano would only havo had 9-2 (being allowed 3lb. for bsing foa ed north of the Line), and from his performance over a mile and three-quarters it is mere than probable Carbine's time for the two miles would hare been closely approached had PoBitano and Aurum tried conclusions over the distance. One of the most curious features in connection with horse racing: in the colonies is the fact that at times the public will insist on backing: a horse despite the fact of it being: stated on presumably " stable " authority that his party do not fancy him for the event. According: to one of. Monday's metropolitan dailies this occurred in the Second Steeplechase on Saturday, for although Mr. S. Miller declined to hack Whernside (believing that he would not stay the course!, the public would not be denied, and the Kedleap candidate started favourite at 3 to 1. The total value of the stakes for the 24 races during the four davR of the V.B C. Spring Meeting footed up to .£13,928, as against .£13,270 last year. New South Wales owners and trainers bore away the lion's share of this—.£8350 : Mr W. Forrester securing the largest cheque .£4200. The first prize for the Melbourne Cup amounted to .£3418 ; the Becond to .£500. The V.R.C. Derby was worth £1245 to the winner; the Maribyrnong Plate £1057. Mr. W. R. Wilson's share of the spoil reached the respectable total of £2037; Mr. W. Duggan coming third on the list with £1295; and Mr. J. East fourth with £1057. Mr. S. Miller's two steeplechases were worth in the aggregate £500, in addition to which his half of the Veteran Stakes dead head (£130) and his second in the First Hurdle Race (£50) brought in £180 more. Although the downfall of Aurum in the Derby, with odds of 2 to 1 on him. was an undoubted " facer" for punters, the bookmakers—or at least the big bettors who wager " over the rails"—experienced a very .unsettled Hm« of it afterwards, some " aweet thingR" hoing hrought off bv various little " syndicates" during the meeting, whilst the consistent performances of Aurum were duly availed of by those in a position to lay the odds demanded. The smaller fry of backers though cannot afford to do this, and instead of holding off the event they usually go nosing round to find some outside shot likely to flop-up ip the event of the favorite sustaining defeat, with the almost inevitable result that they "tumble into the soup" over the transaction. OF course it is only on rare occasions that the members of the Ring own up to having had a particularly good time of it ; but all the same for that there can be no two opinions bnt what they had to "part" to a considerable extent over the meeting just ended, albeit the vast majority of the winnings have found their way over the border. Walter sustained such injuries when he toppled over in the Steeplechase on Saturday that he had to be destroyed, whilst Vigil (who was supported to win a hatful of money) was cut about severely. The New South Wales sportsman, Mr. " Sam" Hordern, only carried off a £50 prize (second in the Oaks, which would undoubtedly have been first with a more powerful rider on top) during the four days; whilst Mr. S. G. Cook's name is conspicuous by its absence on the list of prize-winners. The last-named gentleman ventilated what appears to be a very tangible grievance in the V.R.C. office on Wednesday. According to the conditions of the Spring Stakes (not run till Saturday) the final forfeits must be declared by 4 oMook on the preceding Wednesday or a further levy of £8 has to be ante'ed up. As Mr. Cook pointed out, this hears extremely hard upon owners who may have threeyear-olds engaged on the Thursday, aud who would like to see how they shaped on the third day prior to incurring further liability on the fourth. Final acceptances for the Spring Stakes might well be left over until the day preceding the race. " It comes pretty hard on owners who may be— like me—out of all luck," remarked the Waverley Park squire, as we chatted over the disability; "though, of course.it doesn't matter a dump to those rich people who can afford it, and who somehow appear to have all the luck. Just give us a pencil, old fellow," until I jot you down what the first two days of the present meeting have cost me; I think the total will rather surprise yon." And when he had set down acceptances, forfeits and' jockeys* fees for the Saturday and Tuesday, how much, do you imagine, those items alone amounted to ? Two Hundred and Two Pounds Ten Shillings! " Great Cscrar's ghost, Sam!" I ejaculated, " That's a bit of a knock-out for two days." " Yes," was his matter-of-fact-rejoinder; " For that money I could almost have had a day's racing on my own down at Sandringham—could I not P" And no one oan say him nay. Waitabit and The Merry Boy have been the.two most disappointing horses during the Oup Carnival. The cause of Waitabit's inglorious showings was discovered on Friday, when an abscess burst in his head and a large qnantity of matter came away. "No wonder the son of Malua and Lucinda appeared :-to be " going, off " of late. But Waitabit. —j— Here is a paragraph that appeared last Monday in a. morning paper, and which was evidently intended to.be-read between the lines:—"The stewards at last did inquire into a 'reversal of form' during the meeting. Aud it was by no means one of the most scribing cases into which they looked. No doubt haokerB who have lost are apt to be suspicious, and to ignore eveiy circumstance that tells against their gloomy imaginations j but there have been incidents at this meeting hard to understand. Horses have run at last just as the public expected them to run, and. haoked them to run. ' Why not at first also ?' is the question which people will persist in putting. Tf the Turf flourishes, it is in despite of its scandals." With all the cackle about Federation the continuous successes of New South Wales owned horses began to get a bit monotonous on the third day of the meeting j the.expression of feeling becoming so pronounced aa to draw, from a-seotion of the Press the foil owing notice :—" There can be no doubt, the continuous success of tbe Sydney horses this Spring has aroused just a little of the old Intercolonial feeling which used to be strong in Melbourne years ago, and which culminated in the meeting of Aurum and Amberite in the Flying Stakes." Now that concluding sentence, " and which culminated in the meeting of Aurum and Amberite in the Flying Stakes," is hardly a fair corollary in respeot to "the old Intercolonial feeling,"seeing that.both Aurum and Amberite were'Victorian-bred colts, and that- South Australia (where Aura, the dam of Aurum, was: foaled) is entitled to tbe same amount of kudos as th® " Queen Colony of the South" with regard.to the production of Mr. W. K. Wilson's equine wonder. As a matter of fact, New Zealand-can fairly lay claim to more honour than any of tbe colonies in this connection, seeing that Carbine .and Trenton—the respective sires of the •two great three year-olds, were natives of Maori-, land. Then, again. Duenna (the dam of Amberite) was a . New South Wales bred mare; bo that, in every truth, Victoria. New South Wales, South Anstralia and New Zealand had pretty nearly, equal interests in that particular event. No doubt: tbe excitement culminated then; but it was; only the. excitement of necessity created bv the .fact that after, sustaining defeat in the Derby; (in which race he bad met with an accident) Aurum bad completely turned the- tables on his whilom conqueror in the Melbourne Cup with 21b. more on: his back. That's how it came to paBs. There was such intense enthusiasm displayed when Aurum: just squeezed borne—not because a Victorian borse bad defeated a representative of New South Wales, but simply on account of a deposed popular idol once more regaining his pride of place in public estimation. Key defeated Amberite quite as decisively a8 Aurum did ; but the " little wonder " was completely lost sight of for the nonce—though to the observant spectator it was open and palpable that with an open run she would have reversed positions: with the winner. Had there been any marked symptoms of the " old intercolonial feeling" thtre would certainly have ;beenavery "hostile demonstration" when Little Widow (N.S.W.) was adjudged to. have finished a dead heat with Novus (Victoria) in the Secpnd Nursery Handicap; whilst there would certainly have been -a great deal more enthusiasm displayed over a similar decision which made fiundook and Po3itano " trick-and-toi" at tbe conclusion of the Veteran> Stakes. Mr H. Byron Moore anticipates the profits footing up fully .£2000 more than last year, in which case the jBlO.OOO worth of debentures which is now the only out-standing liability of the Victoria Racing Club can be knocked into smithereens. And when .itris so knocked into smithereens, the V.R.C. will hold their property in Bourke street, as also their • purchased land afr Flemington, as valuable assets. •Meditating over Aurum's brilliant performances last week causes the memory to revert to the ackow• pledged Equine Hero of all time. On All Fools Day in the year 1764 there was a little colt foaled of whose subsequent career it has been written that "he never was beaten, never had a whip flourished over him or felt the spur, or was ever for a moment distressed by the speed of a competitor, outstanding and outlasting every horse which started against him." No less than seventeen times did thishorse pass the judge as a winner, and, unapproached and unapproaobable.he was-taken out of training and sent to the stud because " no other horse bad the shadow of a chance of winning against him." Discarded by his breeder;and soldbyauctionasayearling forasmall sum,this was an animal for whom dur'ng his sensational career on the turf, at a time, mark you! anterior to the days of rich Derbys and St. Legers, a bona-fide offer of Eleven Thousand Guineas was made and refused; and one whose name willl justly last as long as men and horses exist— a certain white-legged chestnut horse - called Eclipse. Such was the information vouchsafed by Mr. John Trew-Hay to an English journal a year or two ago, and the reference to Eclipse brought forth requests from all sorts of correspondents for more information concerning that famous racer. It was then• elicited that "the little ohestnut foal" was knocked down at- 70 guineas-at Smith field, to Mr. Wildman, the auctioneer—the only person who did nob despise hira. The Godolphin Arabian, who, with the Byerly Turk, «reated the breed of English racehorses, and who had been sent to Louis XIV. as a present by the Emperor of Morocco—was rescued from a-cart in the streets of Paris by an English gentleman; and Eclipse, who was one of his descendants, was threatened with similar degradation on account of his savage and uncontrollable temper. He bit, kicked, shied, and hit out with his fore-legs like a boxer. At one time his owner thought of gelding him; but he handed him over to a poaching rough-rider, at Epsom, instead, and, under ceaseless drudgery, Eclipse. at length grew a little more docile. When he was a four- year-old, the notorious Colonel Kelly gave 250 guineas for a half-share in him, and ultimately purchased him outright for 750 guineas. On the 3rd of May, 1769, when Eclipse was five years old, the bell swaying in the little belfry near the winning post at Epsom was announcing a small race of 50 sovs. for horses that had never won anything higher than £30 matches, and for which Eclipse was entered. No one thought much of the chestnut, and the " knowing ones," after picking his form to pieces, pronounced him to be at best a " doubtful beast." Still, Colonel Kelly was so confident that he backed him for any. amount at 5 and 6 to 4. It was then he enunciated that famous dictum which has since turned-into a proverb— " Eclipse first; the rest—-nowhere!" At the threemile post the horses were altogether—the chestnut had not come forward yet; but though his jockey tugged at him with all his might for the last mile, the lion of [a horse distanced the whole four opposers, and sprang past the winning post almost before the others had come round the home turn. After that Eclipse's career was one blaze of triumph; there was no compromise about bis victories—he cut down the field at once, and shot in. with the velocity of a rifle bullet. At Ascot, Newmarket, Lewes, Lincoln, and many minor places races fell to the all-conquering steed, who could " double distance" the field and come in without turning a hair. No horse dare run against him. At last he literally "walked over" the course, until Colonel Kelly had made £25,000 by him, when he sent him to the stud. This paragon of racehorses died at Canons, near Edgeware, once the princely seat of the Duke of Chandos, but at that time rented by Colonel Kelly, on February 28 1789, in the twenty-sixth year of his age. The heart of this indomitable creature weighed 141b., and the surgeon who ' opened him attributed his extraordinary and un' flinching courage to the size and vigor of this huge ' blood-pump. It is a singular fact that a small dark spot that was on the quarter of Eclipse has been found on his descendants in the fifth and sixth generations. Cakes and ale were handed round at his interment as at a royal funeral. Eclipse, however, was not the only horse so honoured; similar respect was paid to the Godolphin Barb ; and when Dr. Syntax (the sire of Beeswing) was Bhot a party • of Newmarket trainers were invited to see him >; buried behind the palace at Newmarket. Tbey gave >■ a lusty " three times three" over his grave, and adjourned to toast his memory. George IV. had one of Eclipse's hoofs mounted as a cup, and it was for some years a challenge prize at Ascot. Another hoof was converted to the same purpose in 1832, and presented to William IV. Bits of his mane were enclosed in gold lockets, and the Challenge Whip at Newmarket was made from his tail. Concerning the disposition of his body there is a dispute, for while some assert that his skeleton is preserved in the Veterinary Museum of • the Dublin Society others aver that the purchaserTTTT^^HBI skeleton for .£100 were cheated a4fw steed lies at Canons. ' a:,cl thafc WB Touching the " old" way to oav n«D i n.^1 the same time " substantially income lu (by some Hundred-and-fifty Pounds at the fli !\9 silaPe of subjecting the winning 0f 99 South Wales cousins to the provision-"of A 19^® Tax, I must certainly plead that »i.'a- 9 quillets of the law, good faith I am no w13er® It appears that section 12 of the rnccmo tH sub-section C, reads as follows " Kvarv a„9E any taxpayer, permanently or tempo,4ilv9| Victoria, and every trustee, is hereby autHI and required to retain from time to time iH year out of any money which comes to such aSK trustee, as such agent or trustee, so Mi sufficient to pay the tax for the current 91 respect of any income subject to the tax jBp hereby indemnified for all payment \vhi'cfl| agent or trustee may make in pursuance of tbfii or by requirement of the Commissioner"®® according to the covey who is " in the plnceK§ " to the lay mind it would appear clear that 2£|j Byron Moore is, as secretary of the Y.R<jfi agent or trustee with regard to the stakes there is any doubt upon that point the C<9 sioner has power, under the Amending ^9| declaring him to be the agent of the Absen(9 Now I certainly must have a " lay" mind, b9 I am a bit "addled" over* this business. V9 Mr. W. Forrester (to cite one instance only)|R a Victorian taxpayer in any shape or forflH doesn't own any property here. So what dc9 want with an agent or trustee ? If he were tonH here six months his racehorses would undoufl| come under the category of income—producinH perty—that's if they were lucky enough to wi9 thing; but under the circumstances he antflM are mere birds of passage; and the law thafcTBB nates otherwise is, in my humble opinion, unmistakable " hass." But, under any cifl| stances, surely to goodness the Paltry End doflu justify the Humiliating Means. To carry otXB innovation in its integrity the Income Tax Coi§§[ sioner should direct the secretary of the Melbali Cricket Club to deduct the tax from whateveSH the Trustees of the Sydney Cricket Ground mflttj entitled to through the huge attendance Jh M.C.C. ground to witness the prowess of theflH lish cricketers; In which case only the bareflH penses " of the team while they were in MelbflH could be allowed as a set-off. As the match^^| last over till March, it xyill pass without sayin^H the Trustees of the Sydney Cricket Ground more pronounced "absent taxpayers" tha^H Forrester and Co. ^9 Number Thirteen has once more perform villainous work villainously well. Alas and i even Prince Ranjitsinbji was not proof again " devilish" influence. " Caught Trumble, bow Trofct, 13," was the mystic symbol, and the Cr< King of Batsmen" immediately experienced truth of the words one William Shakespeare I to the credit of King Henry the Fourth—" U lies the head that wears a crown!" Tor—1 behold!—even upon the instant the words jotted dowi^-r-to he printed in legible type earl next morning—"There was nothing of the inaj about the Indian Prince just then—nothing* Mephistophelian diablerie of which C. B: Fry so enthusiastically in the Windsor Magazine—< quiet and graceful batsman patiently workinj his score. People who had expected everytnin were prepared for anything, could hardly trusn eyesight, and illogical womankind in the asked their mentors when the promised w would begin." 'Tis a mad world, my masters ! The one impressed on Mr. A. E. Stoddart, when instructions about the formation of hv „ ( bination was that "it Must Include i oi yet, at the very outset, when the h.tsman wbM compiled 2790 runs in first- class " rfod aJB during the,season of 1896, and had s - W sive operations in Australia by ainass n„ ■ initial venture, exhibited the decide ^ (rS proving to demonstration that for 13, the most pronounced of the no y /V ahnost felt inclined to shy sardine-tins at| 'Twa3 ever thus! fl Some of the caterers have Spring meeting. Mr. Skinner won£000 oJ| talion's victory, and Mr. A. S B * of the Grand Hotel, pulled ofl a tIay ■ jBIOOO on Amberite and Gaulus, U with Johnny Cclnmf" 