CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. THE Y.M.C.A. Stalls, circle, and gallery were occupied by the audience at the Theatre on Sunday night when the Y.M.C.A. celebrated the 10th anni versary of these services. Mr. J. J. Virgo pre- sided and spoke of the great influence of these services. Messrs. H. W. Beany and M. J. Clarke and the Rev. W. G. Marsh also took part. The gathering was very successful. At the Saturday evening meeting at the Y.M.CA Hall Mr. Charles R. Reeve, the director of the Poona and India Village Mission, gave an account of a recent paid to New Zealand in the interests of the mis- sion. Mr. Reeve explained that the mission is carried on on what is known as "Faith lines," and that on no occasion did he allow collections to be taken up in any of the many churches where he spoke, but so great was the interest aroused that over £1,200 was volun tarily subscribed to assist the work. Mr. Reeve briefly sketched his experiences in the many large and small towns he was able to visit, and as a further evidence of the interest taken he informed his hearers that no less that 138 young men and women had offered to join him and proceed to India. All the candidates are experienced Christian workers, and include University students and trained nurses. Mr. Reeve expects to take back a party of 30 workers in September next on his return to India, and the remainder of those who have offered are being specially trained for service in the field of this particular mission. Mr. Charles F. Reeve, who is the director of the Poona and India Village Mission, inte rested a large audience at the Y.M.C.A. yesterday afternoon with an address and Bible reading. He dwelt on the different experiences of the Christian Church during the past half-century and spoke of the need of a fuller recognition of the Holy Spirit's work. That this need was being recognised was evi denced by the tremendous increase of mis sionary zeal during the past 10 years. He held up a high ideal of Christian life, which he said was possible to all who believed on the Holy Ghost and received Him in all His ful ness. In the evening Mr. Reeve conducted a meeting for men, and he will resume his after noon Bible readings to-day and to-morrow at 3 p.m., whilst on Wednesday evening he lectures in the Victoria Hall. 