THE SKETCHES. ''THOSE BOYS." By MARY GAUNT. There wasn't much harm in it all, really, but they were young sinners. We two girls did conscience, which was a mistake, for it troubled us and Bpoilt our fun, while it didn't do them one bit of good. Our feeling that a thing was wrong didn't affect them in the least. Take the pigs, for instance. The troubled lives those poor beasts spent. I have often thought of the row there would have been if our father had discovered the rea son why they were so lean, though they did live on the fat of the land. Luckily, he' wasn't at home much, and I don't think he knew much about the feeding of pigs when he was there. The boys used to get up two Shetland ponies for Jack and Tom to ride. They always rode bare-backed, with no bridle, but a rope-halter, and each rider carried in his right hand a broomstick as a spear. Mother was always wonder ing what became of her broomsticks. She said she never had had servants who used so many, but I don't think she ever solved the mystery. Then the two elder, being mounted, the two younger boys, Fred and Charlie, armed with sacks-sacks were sup posed to be the insignia of beaters drove out the pigs, and we two girls sat on the fence and remonstrated, generally with out effect, if we thought the sport was getting too rough or the old sow was hav ing too bad a time. In consequence of the scanty trappings of the noble steeds and their somewhat jolty paces, it happened that whenever a "wild boar" was "stuck" the broomstick slid off the beast's back, and the lucky spearer promptly fell off his pony, while the hunt, amidst wild cries of "First blood"-it was always first blood-swept over him, away down the home paddock. He arose, proud and happy, and gave chase, assisted by Charlie and Fred, frantically waving their sacks, and yelling at the top of their voices. I never heard what those pigs sold for, but I'll be bound their new owner never knew what excellent training they were in, and how extremely smartly they could double. It was awkward certainly when the hunt went too close to the bush fence at the bot tom of the paddock, for, as every sportsman knows, once ensconced among logs and stumps, a pig has the best of it, and it is difficult to dislodge^ him>-, The, old black and white sow jtljc night, fhBre on one occasion wheli;"darkness" had- overtaken the hunters all Jtob soon, and the tvja bpll had rung peren)i?tor,)l& fdetnandjng | tiiqir presence beforWttiey had succeeded ija get ting heK out. YSfe/jrlt went to. We^w^th e weight as of a feaiffiSJ minds that night, which tfas added to in the case of the boys by Pat, the man who fed the pigs, making his way to their room at dead of night-10 o'clock, I suppose-and threatening them with all manner of pains and penalties, not excepting a thrashing from "yer pap-pa," if that pig were not in her sty before he went the rounds in the morning. She was got in- by what means I know not. Jack got up by moonlight at 3 o'clock in the morning-lie said hunters often had to do that-and "pig-sticking" went out of fashion for some time, and the "war game" took its place. They always played the Zulus and the British army under Lord Chelmsford, and frequently we girls were not admitted to see the exciting spectacle, because they were nothing if not realistic, and, as every one knows, a Zulu's garments when on the war-path are decidedly scanty. The ground was so hard though, and there were so many sharp sticks and stones in the way, tint, I am sorry to say, the Zulus, while they dispensed with shoes, still wore their stockings, and our mother had occasion to groan very often over the result, without in the least understanding how it was brought about. It was very exciting, too. In defiance of all precedent, for we had never heard that the Zulus rode, they dashed into the waterhole on their bare-backed ponies, and tried to carry by storm the island in the centre, gallantly held by Lord Chelmsford and his army of one. If any towels where with to drape the savages could be stolen from the bedrooms or the clothes-line we girls were allowed to share in the fun. We crossed to the island by the top rail of the submerged fence, and there, crouching down among the fern and scrub, our lives, to say nothing of our comfort, much endangered by. the sitting duck-the island wasn't six feet square, and there wasn't room for her and us too, especially as 6he had most inconsiderately chosen the only dry spot for her nest-we breathlessly watched the fray. Other dangers, not quite so imaginary, be set ub on occasion, and never shall I forget seeing a long ..snake'raise its hissing head juet on the spot where Lord Chelnistonl (Jade) was about fo place his hand, as he crawled on hands and knees to look out for the enemy. I shrieked, "Big Zulu, big Zulu," with all my might, but though it was strictly in ac cordance with our rules and regulations, I'm afraid it wouldn't have saved poor Lord Chelmsford if his army hadn't seized him by.the;}eg, bringing him flat on to his face, and dislodging a lump of earth, which knocked the snake into the water. In one moment the Zulus were in full re treat, the impis got ashore without further Adventure, and hurriedly despatched the ienemy, thereby covering itself with glory, but poor CeteWriyd, turning too hurriedly, rolled off his' steed's bare back into the muddy water there about four feet deep, and in his confusipn presented the soles of his stockinged leet alGne to his agitated family for tne space of about two seconds.' We were in.two, minds whether to laugh or ciy at the catastrophe, but I m afraid shrieks of laughter greeted the Zhlu king, when ^-moment later he emerged vaghUside -tip; with streaks of yellow mud adoring hi? ?savage'butnobleco.untenance. ? - .; After that yellow mud was quite the "cor rect thing when*the war game was piayea, and it was astonishing how much of it,got transferred. to the towels, and astomshing, too, that mother and the housemaid were always wondering how the young gentle; men got their towels so- dirty/' without, once suspecting the reason. That white duck, tob, never hatched out her eggs, though she spent over bix weeks on the experiment. Mother said the water rats must have disturbed her! | It was about this time, too, that a boy came to stay with us, who, besides bejng a little older than we were, was a mighty horseman, and was possessed of a pair of leather leggings, which buttoned all the way up, ana were the envy and admiration of my young brothers. He hadn't a but ton-hook, so one was surreptitiously taken j from our father's dressing room, and the leggings buttoned on. I have had reason to believe since we might have had that but ton-hook for the asking, and that there was no occasion for st-erecy at all, but we didn't know that at the time. Those leggings on were so awe- inspiring that we forgot to re return the button-hook, which lay snugly ensconced in Jack's pocket along with a bit of toffee and some cobbler's wax, while we we went out in a body to see the Bishop of the diocese arrive. He spent the night at our house, if I remember rightly, but he wasn't in the least impressed with the gaiters. We despised him for his want of taste, and felt there was something wrong in the Episcopal Church as at present estab lished: but the Bishop had his revenge on one of us at least. Our father did not miss his button-hook till after his departure. "Where can it be?" said he. "I declare that Bishop must have taken it." We looked at one another guiltily. J^ick fingered the missing hook lying snug in his pocket, and I regret to say not one of us had the honesty to admit we had borrowed it. I suppose my father forgot all about it it only cost twopence-and bought himself a new one. Not so Jack. He was afraid to put it back now lest its reappearance should cause some talk, so he stole down the orchard after tea one night, and solemnly buried it under a greengage tree, whence it arose a mighty ghost to haunt him day and night. To he?in with, he felt that the unfortu nate Bishop was suffering under an unjust ac cusation, and never did our father when he came out of town mention that he had seen and spoken to that dignitary but Jack shivered in his shoes. He expected the next remark to be, "I asked him about that button-hook. He says he never took it. Now, was it one of j'ou boys?" And again, when the order was given that the orchard should be ploughed for a crop of oats, he went in terror lest the plough should turn it up, and the ploughman should bring it to his father with much re joicing. He has been round the world two or three times since those days, but he has confessed to me that nothing has ever weighed on his mind as that twisted piece of steel did. \VTho shall say that the Bishop was not amply avenged? 