BARKLY WARD ELECTION. THE CANDIDATES AT WHITE HILLS. Mr. J. H. Curnow addressed a good number of electors at the Farriers' Arms Hotel, White Bills, on Saturday night. Mr. Stuckenschmidt was voted to the chair. Mr. Curnow said be regretted that any trouble had arisen with regard to Mr. Bailes’s qualifications. But as it had arisen he contended that he was justified in taking advantage of it. Everything (he said) was fair in war. He therefore thought it was his duty to get the sort if he could do so by any fair means. Referring to a part of his address at Long Gully, the candidate remarked that he did not say that the city councillors were f-ossils, although it had been rumored that he had. He said that sitting so long together without any charge they were likely to become fossilised. He, being a young man, would not speak so dis- respectfully of his seniors. (Hear, hear.) He thought that the lighting of the out- skirts of the city could be vastly im- proved, also that the roads were not all in the best condition. It was almost necessary in some of the streets which were lit by kerosene to strike a match to find the lamp-p0st. (Laughter) He thought if a bettor price were paid for road metal they would be able to make more sub- stantial roads. He concluded by saying that if they elected him and did not think he had done his duty, at the end of the two and a half years’ term, he hoped they would send him to the right-about fearlessly. (Hear,hear.) In answer, to a question the candidate said that he did not think extra, taxation would be neccessary to make better roads, because if they made good roads they would not need doing again - But if they laid down cheap metal the roads would want doing every year. A ratepayer asked Mr. Curnow to state his reasons for issuing a circular-in which he inferred to Mr. Bailes and his family affairs. (Applause.) Mr. Curnow replied that the circular did not refer to Mr. Bailes’s family affairs, but simply to the interests of the ward. He hoped he would ever refrain from interfering with another man’s private affairs, (Hear, hear, and cries of "You haven’t a ghost of a show.”). -•■ '-Mr.' Bailee aubsi qui-ntly addrosrod tho elrbtors »f the same place/ Mr. Mason was voTed te tbo ohair.' .Mr. 'Bailee bad a good reooplioiT. Ho said it was about 17 year-f since bo first addressed them in tbo same hnllding. Ho was then a comparative stranger. But be was somewhat surprised, and: grratly pleased, when ihe ballot was counted to find cbe’t.be bnd a substantial -majority at White Hills. (Hear, hoar.) After that time ho never hsid a chance of again addressing them bn municipal'roaUcrs; Hb thought that during bis ISyeara in tbo ooiinoir ho bad had some oxporifhco. Whan speaking with' regard to his quallfibation hb said (they did nbt think bo was .such an idiot as (0 run bis neck Into a iiopsann.d suffer (bo penalty- which attached to. sUtinB illegally , as; a councillor,. (Hear, hear.) Each tlmo he sat (hat penalty would b'o increased* until it would nilimatoly break Georgo Lshnolif (Laughter.) Continuing, Mr. Bailos said that on the previous evening bis family affairs bad-booh brought into, tbo ques tion by his’opponent Mr, Curnow bad also is-’ sued a oiroular to try and sway (ho minds,of the public and Induce them to stay'uway from (ho pdll altogdlhor. Mr, Bailos thrn road a latter wbioh had boon sont lo Him by Mr;’ Curbow Info*mihg him tbol bo had’nominated,. “Dear Al'fj” it brgao —“Dear Alf,” exclaimed 1 Mr, Dalles, “lie’ll havo rcason to coll mo ‘dear’’ before this is over.’’ (Crlostef Two to “ono on you Alf,” aod a volco; “There’s-nothing nnfrloodly in that; It's a more statoraent 'of foot.”) Mr, Bailos“ You’Ifavd'no right to ■ay that. Tho legal advibo I’ve got is as good; so that wbibh tho tethcr gentleman has got. ,r Mr. Bailee continued that ho bad quoted; 'decisions In favor of bis oihtbntlon at a pre vious "meeting; - Hfld the other g-nllcman brought anything Sd proof of his contention? (A voice : “Ho'll brlng it oftorwarae.’’) Well, then let him r bring it afterwards. Don’t, lot us have rod herrings ' drawn across (bo trnolr, (Applause ) Ho a»kdd thorn to deoido at tho! poll If tboy preferred him—and ho tbougbt. they would—«o That bis -opponent would hq-i teto to ooirio out agate, (ApIpUuiiO.) lip rdinsrkod (bat bo would* rattier bo an old “fossil” with his 1 pwo ■' reputation jhnn ho would bo a young man and hsvo lbo roput‘t‘on of sdiro : other ! moh, (Loud’ ap* plsuro.) Ho would tel) them honestly and without deceit or foar of ddntradiotion thai ho was eligible to. taho tho scat'if elected. Ho thought they would-return, him because tboy bad turned out in ' such, ‘dumb r-* to’ brar a roan wbo might probably bo an old “tesiil.” (Hoar, hoar.) : ‘ • ' ’ . . , Ono of 1 ho Budirnoo rose ond( aKkod Mr,; Bailos if bo would 'slaio-bis ■ Mr, Bailos replied that the gentleman who : asked tbo question mfjgijl jBpdhd pis Kmo more profitably te teaching bid grspdmolbdr to snok oggs'than in trying to get ?"poinls ",'frdin .him. They woro Ed ' Mr, his friends. (A voice: “Hb’s gob.ndlfrlonds down * hero, Alf J;You'eo.fcho man,wo want.) *:, The qiiostlbncr. thon a»kod:bbo oanflldslo, u ho thought Mr, Curnow bad rofo red to- tbo city 1 oouncillors as old * fo««lld; (A- voice i “ What’s tho difforsnoo?”); 'Mr,-Bailos ropliod that ho ihO.ught Mr, Curnpxy isid thal' they would bfoomo foisinscd. ... , ? Tbo quostidner: Hoteld I hoy wrro .Ilkoly 'tfe: beodne’ foi’slltoodt’, , J •- ' V Mu, Bailos ; Well,? yes/? Drowning mon ; daloti at alraw.s. (LaughteA) . A:yoto .of oonfldoqop in flldato , was >■' - >! - - - v* _ f: Tbo olddeidn: will^ (o*day between. (hb r bours'-df Tbo polling places, aro f—:Hoohwide Institute, Long Gull ; Mr^KM Ttrdet, near tho Australian Hotel ; and (be State Hohoo), Wbita Hllto. 