TŁe Pkfltoni tee. A STRANGE CASE IN A PENNSYL- VANIA COURT. Sitting on the verandah of his summer residence by an inland lake in Michigan, surrcunded.by his family and •guests, the venerable Judge Wattles tald the strangest story of his Professional career. ' -•• ' "Immedlataly foltewmg my Łdmission to the Bar," łiś said, "I was made prokecuting rtttorney, accepting the honor as 3\. deserved tribute to my-superior abili- ties. But you must bear in mind that this was a good many years 'a a liuie valley town >if Pennsylvania, 'where we were hemmed iu by the fountains and had few with wb )ffl to compare in the matter of intelligence or • attainments. "In the criminal annals ot the county there w.^re the evidences a woll-disposed community, and it c=ime as a startling sensation when Farmer Jtinkins, driviDg home late one night, was beaten to insensibility and robbed of a large sum of money. H'-rp was work ljr me and I went :it it with the ziiaJ of an ambitious beginner. Jenkins insisted that he would be able to identity his assaliant, seen in the dim moonlight that sifted through the trees, describing him as a tall, well-dressed young man with a dark moustache, and an angry red scar across his left cheek. " "Why, 1 seed that air crittor. declared Constable Joe Huskey. "I kim on bim sudden like yisterday when I was fisbin' at Punkey Holler crick. Th" fellar war in swimmin' an' tole me he war just outen the city fur a lettle recreation. I'd know him "mongst a thousan'.' " By employing competent assistance from Philadelphia,we ran down our man, Jenkins and Huskey both recognising him at sight. A few days after the arrest and while I was working on the case, a handsome, matronly appearing woman walked into the oflice, introducing herself as the mother of the prisoner, who had given the name of Harry Winter. She bore the unmistakable marks of refinement, and in a brief statement punctuated by convulsing sobs, assured me tjhat a terrible mistake had been made. Harry was her son. her only support, and she a widow. He was the soul of honor, and had never given her an hour's anxiety. He was with her the night oC the assault and robbery. They had walked for an hour in the evening, after which he read to her. going to his roam at 11, It was a physical as well as a moral impossibility for him to have done the great wrong laid at his door. Her story greatly Impressed me, but there was the positive identification by Jenkins and the constable. "Less tłian a week later I had another caller; a well-dressed man, who walked with a Jimp, and who said he had been snbpcenaed by the defence to show Winter's good reputation. But nothing could have surprised him more, for he knew the accused to have a damning record. He declared that he had a full confession of that very crime from the prisoner, who had relied upon the cripple as a loyal friend, simply because they had met occasionally at the mother's house. This swept away the doubts that she had created, convincing me that her elSjging love had overcome her regard for the truth. I gained a promise from the cripple Uiat he would say nothing till called to the stand by the other side. "When the prosecution had made Its case at the trial I was entirely satisfied. Just after Jenkins and Huskey had sworn point blank, as I knew they would, word reached me that there was a private detective in the court room who wanted Winter for a crime committed in New York. This was ho-lp from an unexpected source, and I soon had It before the jury that the ugly scar on Winter's cheek was made by a man defending his home against burglars. There was not i a weak link in the chain of evidence that had been coiled about him. "On his behalf the testimony of the weeping mother made a deep impression, but I was confident that the spell she had put upon the twelve men sitting in judgment would yield to the cool deliberations of the jury room. After several unknown witnesses had given testimony tending to show that Winter had led. a reputable life, the man who had called upon me limped to the stand, and \- I must confess that I rejoiced at the anticipated confusion of the defence. "Exit there was a most unaccountab intervention. No sooner was the oath administered to the witness than a voice from overhead solemnly warned him to remember that he had made sacred promise before bis Maker to tell nothing but ihe truth. The prisoner dropped heavily into his chair, the jurymen went white as ghosts, and the judge cast a troubled look, about the celling as if to detect the bold offender. "Order in the court' was gruffly demanded and the case proceeded- The first material question asked was as to the cfcaracter of the .prisoner. voice, this ttme caBed the eoHapsed witness br aame.' sma Baia. in; measured ' toiie^ ^ 'Retnemfe thfa the pains aad penalties of penury are nai inflicted in this world alone, but are Iraposed through all eternity.' "The tsonrt whirled aaS gasped with a terror that his pride sought vainly to cohceaL An unknown dread "was upon jm and the- jurymen were stricken with fright Hard-headed and practical old faimers as they were, the superstition tŁathad lain dormant aid dying through generations was quickened into, life. Bufcit wasrtfce witness'who cringed and stared as Hiough 61 the presence of 'death. He- admitted k bitter enmity toward the prisoner whose liberty he had meant- to swear away, though called in his befaaU; aiid woxmd np by not only ewearing that Winter was a model yoaBLBKiii, but that he was seen walkteg with his mother by the witness on the ni^it in questton.' '; ".•'• . • cat -the gmuiid ^ippiig from under toe, but the dramatic climax was yet to «am& From an open door into one of the small adjacent rooms-harried an ex- -dted man, with strStitig- features and eyes. He .rushed to Ote^risonej-. 'him as a rather nd^t bave nandea, raiiier than =ieTrtfeace might be ^etafcet-^tat he ład. a- ca»tajB Sri-iSe Uex&aawsr;, -that that there he had :-eceiT4d ,/•-.. which left such a. ghastly sea;" r petuous witness ev±n got in a that there must be som-3 vil« Cr-- - • against Winter, and wanted"tthe private detective. But •• •. "-' appeared. The jury acquittal -••' retiring, and I th-^ęht thsir v- " righteous one. "One evening. South on busmen, on my hand an-2 ".:- amusement. I 7;.. ested until that v 1 - •; which still haur.;- I from an upper c .rr;-.- like running, bur. r-j:-j I saw my hero•_ ; -.:•> 1 tipped me a . - -. with me to the r. .--;. pledge of secrecy. .-. • facts of that myi;-.; y "The alleged n: .-:-•: tective, the ailc-g--"; -r. and Winter "• ._;; shrewd gang of •::- . east. Winter : " bery, and his pa!-- ratc scheme whi-.}: ;_ joyed many a laui.:. - PP-- ! ir.to ! the hu: Th-. trial. 2m. i... • -d him. 7 •-*r the ::;.: which they had I:--' the 'Eu;.. my county. r "= tht-i: life sentence. Tr. i -; -yH-r' v.-: the 'detective' ti-=-i -.r.e country, cripple went wl-.h iiim. The was one of the b>e;t v intriloqui;; das',, and had becrme a 'profess made aa honest lirirg. it was i; thrown at will, tfcatus sim;.j sylvania folks that w-- countered the aair^ir^-.furai." 