| FACT AND FICTION. books of the day. "Lady Mary'" Experience." by Mrs Robert Joceiyn G. Hell (George Robert son and Co.) Is one of those ghost stories which the researching vagaries of thePsyrhotogical Society have re- cently brought Into fAShlon. too authoress, however. Is not quite so suc cessful a some others have been In their wetrd and ghostly line. The spectres are of & comparatively modern character, one of them appearing as the inevitable hospital nurse, without whom few modern novelists appear to be aide to get on- Tlte introduc tion of bicycles. however, does I not. somehow or other, opptar to fit In with uppurltlon. In the opening of the story. Lady Mary. 1 a young widow of nineteen, with a large 1 fortune and only an encumbrance in the ! way of a baby girl, take a fancy ! While ofi a bicycle tour. Ul a haunted i house, and confides her desire of renting it to her friend, Veronica Lawrence— strong-minded young lady, with the somewhat unusual concomitant df a revolver and a savage dog. Instead of showing her common wnsc by in ducing this enterprising young widow to refrain from subjecting herself to all sorts of needlirss Incon- vwlnence, Veronica humor her whim, and negotiations are opened up with Hie brother of a certain Eurl of Artlngharn. the owner of the haunted mansion. He la not such a hod sort of an earl— a Mrlilobb would su— but h»- is .neverthebss, an earl who wants money, aiul having known, und to a' certain extent loved. Lady Mory when she was a wife, he endeavor to s«-cure her ii« a matrimonial prize of some value. Hut, though she admit liking him. she has dlscovr-d Hint he dislikes children, and. fearing probably that he might be harsh with the little girl, she rejects him. Still, although he disin terestedly warns her that taking a haunted house is not generally :t good tidng, especially when there 1 a family secret connected with It. she become hi tenant, and narrates a: some length her former experiences with ghosts, for whom It appears she ha a sort of at traction. Lndy Mar anil Veronica ac cordingly tnke possession of the house, and what they hear and eventually see Is told iu the book. Moreover, Ludy Mary gives another Instance of femi nine caprice by falling promptly in love with the earl's younger brother, whom she marries, in spite of the fact that — as the family ghost lets out— he and his brother are the nephew of a de cidedly unpleasant murderess, who hadn't even the merit of being good- looking, though clothed In the "fetching costume" of a hospital nurse. As for the eurl, some obliging American cousin leaves a fortune to a girl with whom he had previously been In love, and he marries her and her money with a promptitude and readiness highly cred itable to hfru :i a British nobleman. Sin, regard;! from a certain stand- point— say, in the stolen kisses line— Ls said to be HWect. Solomon himself lias described it so, allegoritiilly, through the medium of pomegranates, love apples, and cedars uf Lebanon. Therefore, "A Sweet Sinner," by Hume (Nenbitt (George I iu Pert son and Co.), Is a not un suitable book in this coming spring i line, "when a young man's fancy lightly turns to thoughts of love." etc. Of mursc, there would be differences of opinion us to the sweetness of Kate Keatli. the fKtrtlcular sinner In this in stance. and the heroine of . the novel. Hume |»eopl- like their sin hot and sweet, others comparatively tepid. This young huly — the daughter of one of those "squatter kings," who ure always turn ing up in novels, drought and bank overdrafts, notwithstanding— apparently likes it warm. "Beautiful and iwilte," In the innocent-looking Tltaniu style. Kin- admits to her inald, with whom she I -si term of considerable familiarity, thut she "llkos Hie boys," and certainly through the story demonstrates it suf ficiently. Her father, who is described in an airy fashion as owning domains In Australia enough for six dukes, settles down In Scotland near a castle belonging to an old baronet on whose lands his father had worked. He keeps, however, a gen eral look-out on his Australian posses sions. and has decided upon marrying Kate to one Havelock Gordon, hell to tiie hru-onetcy aforesaid, but- now em- played as a bank clerk, with a small salary and a monotonous exist ence, diversified by occasional interludes of . morphia Injection. To marry this young man Mi Kate ls by no means indisposed, more especially as she thinks that she can do what she likes with him afterwards. Unfortun ately, in cmo of her tit of "liking for the boys," she has compromised herself in the way of letters and. Infwrentially, be havior. witlt her music mtiHter, a most objectionable Teuton. In order to get l»acJc these letters she forms tt sort of treaty, offensive and defensive, with u humorous burglar who has broken Into her father's house, allowing him to walk off with the bwag, a kiss (he is a chivalrous sort of robhcri. and a promise of future reward, on condition that he gets hack her let ters. To facilitate this she visits the Teuton In the evening, and after what, in u loss charming girl, would be called "boozing him up." leaves him to finish the work himself with an overdose of chloral. Being thus free, she marries tho future baronet, atni aturts gully for F.iris, where she astonishes men and wo men— mostly the men— to her heart's content. Taking a yacht pURmge home with her husband and a rertnln Lord Corby, she nearly fail a victim to the seductions of thru distinguished orna ment to the peerage, her only apparent excuse being that, at the Ume she is de cidedly sea Hick.and "doesn't cure whoso arm is round her. waist." Finally, she re turns home unJ dies peacefully in her liiudsuid's arms, after giving Idrth to an heir. From a simple literary point of view. Hie work Is not without m.-rlt, but for the credit of Australian girlhood we should he sorry to think that there ure among us many " sweet sinners" of the Knte Ki'ath order. Tlte Sunny Houth may have Its caloric Inlluenee, but we should not euro to admit their strength up -to this i>olnt. except in ToprvHcntn- tives of what Is called the private bar Messrs Angus and Robertson, of Syd ney struck a . likely patch In the literary line when tiiey formed the idea of bringing out a series qf Australian stories hy Australian authors, for young IHMple. We art; legislating enough for them, Heaven knows, and there ti nn reason why wo should not write for them ns well, .providing food, as Oliver Cromwell was wont to ay, nulled to comparative babes ami sucklings. In stead of strong meat for men. FVom this standpoint, "Teens: A Story of Aus tralian SeJiiHd-girls," by Louise Mack (Mr Creed), may be accepted as a wel come addition to this class of novelette. The look. Is rather a scries of sketches than a connected story, but they ure. IHTliaps. for that reason, :UI the morq- Interesting, and likely to secure the at tention of young people. We coin In In every way recommend the book. which is gut up in a style highly credit able to the publishers. "Miss Bobble," by Ethel E. Turner- Mrs Curiewls — Warde, Lock, and Co.)— will illustrations by Harold Copping, Is a book likely to become a favorite with Juveniles, especially girls. it tells pleasantly and humorously how Mtes Bobbie.the daughter of a squaltcr— sn ex-military man. who. with 'his second wif. goes on a visit to England- Is left in charge of a clergyman whose family consists of several .boys. Viewed at first, with suspicion, the little girl, who is described an being charmingly red-headed, eventually becomes chums with the toys, and receives a regulai masculine education, becoming an expert at cricket. «-Urnblng. foot ball, with a tendency to "hit hack" when teased. There? i a comical description ofnn" c«»nA, In which she thinks she has killed one of the boys, flies from the house under the lmpre?fion that she Is Coin, and take a billet ns nursemaid. In which she Is discovered and brought back. In an other instance sho cuts off her hair, under the impression that it is the cause of her hot temper, and create a diver sion in a friend's family circle by at tempting to carry on a dialogue from an exercise book with the French Gover ness, winding up by politely nsklng that lady how her grandmother (long ago de ceased) carrle heraelf." During the further course of the story she becomes quite a heroine by rescuing h'T friend from a bush fire, and when site is finally returned to hor father and step mother the grief of tho "toys" Is in tense. especially that of one young ruf fian name! "Stnls." who positively de cline to let her go. There Is nothing of improbability In any of the incidents de scribed. and the interest is well main tained throughout. 