THE TASMANIAN ELECTIONS. The election of ten representatives of Tasmania in the Federal Convention about to be held probably in Adelaide, took place yesterday throughout the colony. The election was conducted under the old system of voting, and was pretty much the same as if 10 members of the Tasmanian Assembly were to be elected by each of the constituencies of the colony, and there were 32 candidates in each electorate. The polling-places were the same as at the last general election, and the ballot - papers were similar to those then need. The only way in which the voting differed from the old system and there was this difference that each voter was obliged to vote for the number of members of the Convention to be returned (10). Under the old method of voting which is called "old" merely to distinguish it from the new, or Hare system -but which is still in use in the colony outside of Hobart and Launceston, it was possible and allowable to plump for one a man. But as all the electorates outside of the two " capitals " are now single electorates, in point of fact plumping for one candidate is now impossible, for under the Hare method the electors must ' vote for atloaathalf the number of members to be returned. At first there was a good deal of lack of information and considerable doubt on several points in connection with the election for the represen- natives at the Convention, but the instructions and information issued and circulated by the Returning Officer made things clear to every person of ordinary intelligence. The polling at Hobart was conducted in the ball- room of the Town-hall, which was the only room used, At the last general election the Mayor's Courtroom was utilised as a meeting place for country electorates, but yesterday no such facility was provided. Each vote had to be recorded in the district for which it was hold. Five polling booths were provided, comprising the letters from A to Y. Those were set up along the north side of the room, and along the centre of the hull were corresponding tables, where officials furnished voters with memoranda of their numbers on the roll before they presented themselves to the Deputy No-. turning Officers. Short and terse instructions for voting, printed in red ink, were posted at each of those tables. The Returning Officer, Mr. J. G. Davies, M.H.A., presided at the three polling-place, commencing with " A," close to the platform. The voters entered the room by the ordinary door, and having voted, left by the door in the Public Library lobby. The greatest possible order and regularity prevailed throughout the day. But the proceedings were in every way of the tamest and most unexciting kind. There was an entire absence of strong feeling or enthusiasm-at all events on the surface. The election must have made little difference in the business of the cabmen-or even the publicans. The poll opened at 8 a.m., and then the voters came in one's and two's to the poll almost like Shakespeare's boy going to school "unwillingly." Up to noon about COO had voted. During the day a small and scattered crowd was maintained in front of the Town-hall, and this increased in dimensions in the afternoon, but it never became large. Indeed, there was much more popular commotion and excitement at the last Hobart municipal election in December than existed yesterday, when, as some of the candidates recently explained, the people were asked to take part in " found- ing a nation." A prominent official at the election in Hobart yesterday described the day's proceedings in the ballroom as like a congregation entering and leaving church. But one has not to go far for an explana- tion : men were not pitted against one another as at a parliamentary election. The 32 rather occupied the position of candidates for appointments in a large trust or company, where the result depended not so much on individual effort as on personal merit and the judgment of others who had the making of a choice. No candidate felt that the candidature of anybody OIBO did him any harm. Hence the absence of anything like animas. There were 10 to be elected, every man felt himself safe and wished Keck to his neighbour. But the onlooker, who UsUally sees most of the game, know that there were some of the 32 who had not " a ghost of a chance." A small body of police was in attendance during the day, but they had no work to do. Many of the candidates who lived in Hobart were also to be seen about the polling- place, but they were quite unexpected. It was generally expected that the poll in Hobart would be a light one. There were 4,083 electors on the roll, but only 2,840 votes were polled at the last general election, and appearances did not warrant the expectation that so many would be polled at the Convention election yesterday. The poll closed at 6 p.m., and then the big work of counting begun. About half-past 8 the first return (from Glamorgan) was posted at The Mercury office, where complete arrangements were made for announcing the results from every part of the colony. The returns from each district were posted as they arrived on a large hoarding brilliantly lighted by gas jet, and around this a large concourse assembled far into the night. But still it was a quiet and unenthusiastic crowd. Perhaps it was another illustration of how " still waters run deep ;" it may be that the voters were overawed by their responsibility 1 It is to be feared, however, that the " apathy" which so many of the candidates in their addresses " deplored " existed widely. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] LAUNCESTON, THURSDAY. The Federal Convention election to-day was conducted very quietly. To a casual visitor to the city there was nothing to indicate that anything unusual was taking place, except a few cabs being driven about with posters intimating that there was an election going on, and that the Albert-hall was the place where votes could be recorded. In front of that building there was some little animation. From an early hour several of the candidates established themselves on the front steps, and there were quite a number of "touters" with " tickets " for the guidance or otherwise of doctors. The latter did not excite themselves about the proceedings. They arrived leisurely, and kept up a pretty regular stream of voters till 1 o'clock, when upwards of 500 had exercised their privilege us free and independent citizens in voting for the 10 men they thought best fitted to represent them at the forthcoming Convention. Inside the hall the work was carried on expeditiously under the guidance of Mr. 0. Rocher, the Deputy Returning Officer, who, assisted by a large staff of Eolitos clerke, did all that was possible to keep down the number of informal papers by instructing those who were in doubt as to the right mode of procedure to adopt in marking their polling papers. In most cases electors came prepared with lists of their own, and they, of course, experienced DO difficulty in recording their votes, but those who failed to do that did not find it so easy and wasted some considerable time in drawing the pencil through the 22. Mr. E. Whitfeld, who acted as deputy returning officer for Selby, was also located at the Albert-hall, but he and his clerk had an easy time of it. Up till noon only six men came up to record their votes, and for the want of something better to do the returning officer and his clerk took a note of the time spent by each voter in marking his paper, and found that it varied from time. to 20min. It may be almost taken for granted that those who got near the maximum time given made a mess of it, and that their papers would turn out to be informal. During the afternoon the voters began to roll up, and by the time the poll closed it was reckoned that over 1,200 votes had been recorded, which was more than was expected. In the evening as the results began to arrive and were posted outside the newspaper offices, the excitement increased and large crowds took keen interest in the figures as they were put up. ZEEHAN, THURSDAY. Very little interest was taken in the federal election to-day, though the town was freely placarded with cards and posters pointing out the merits of the various candidates. The following district returns have been telegraphed by our own correspondents : - BELLERIVE. Bird, 23 ; Bovill, 1 ; Braddon, 27 ; Bradley, 8 ; N. J. Brown, 31 ; W. H. J. Brown, 2 ; Batten, 2 ; Cameron, 3 ; Clarke, 6 Collins, II; Dillon, 4 ; Dobson, 30; Douglas, IS ; Fysh, 32 ; Gilmore, 0 ; Grant, 20; Hartnell, 0; Henry, 19; Lewis, 31; McCull, 1 ; Miles, 16 ; Moore, 9 ; Mulcahy, 8 ; Ogilvy, 12 ; Page, 7 ; Paton, 2 ; Piesse, IO; Rooke, 1; Sadler, 1 Smith, 1; Urquhart, 1 ; Woollnough, 10, Seven informal papers, 