Short Story. The Tragedy of Roger Neville. From the Wills of Usheenmore the far spreading, ' heath-covered bog looked really a place of beauty In the still sum mer evening. So peaceful and inviting ' it was that I was eorry the old fiddler bad told me of the tragic story that , made it memorable In the traditions of the countryside. To toe sure, I knew that Its pleasant gnlee was deceptive ; there were deeps and pools and quag mires amid the tufted ieatai in places, and dark and ugly they were. For all that, in the covering of heath and 1-los- \- eom the whole looked eo restful and .. 'winning In the distance, so much in ; ' character with the far-away, old-world . ? district that I learned to love so much In those holiday times, that I felt the tragic story was a grim and impertinent intrusion. ? Above, among the hills, the old Castle of Usheenmore lost something of its ? ruined and sombre guise in the grace ? ; ? of the sunset hour. Yet once I turned to it all the restful sense and beauty of the evening mas gone ; ' I could not wrench my mind from the thought of Its old daya of riotous and abandoned and unhallowed lives. The Nevilles of TJsneenmore had lorded it over the dis trict from time immemorial, and in our freer and happier days it Is somewhat difficult to credit all . the evil tales of their perverse and dare-devil careers, low cruelly and cavalierly they treated their dependants and their tenants, 9iow they defied law and convention and custom ; how their very devilry secured them a sneaking regard in the wbole neighbourhood withal. Ceheenmore is lonely, and dull, and world-forgotten to day, yet the old folk by their chimney corners in their winter evenings tell many stories in which the desperate Nevilles are hero-tinged and idealised ; and the tone and the reflections and the crooning sub-notes of regret give one more than the suspicion that they wish the wild days of the Nevilles Were back. But let me tell you of the tragedy of Roger Neville, the last landlord of tfe iheenmore. In his gray old age, people whispered that his youth and early man hood had surpassed the worst stages even of earlier Neville desperation. He and this comrade. Jack Kinton, an im pecunious neighbouring squireen, bad ibeen the partners in a run of shady ex ploits and transactions. It was even hinted that they had descended to high way robbery and burglary— at least that Kinton had. At last Hie was obliged to fly the country very suddenly, -for a warrant for his arrest on very serious charges was in the hands of detectives. He had a close shave, a narrow escape, for they bad hemmed him in practically on all sides, and for one night he was obliged to sleep in the depths of the cold heath of Csheenmore. Cut he gave them the slip. He did more, .for lie suc ceeded in abducting the no longer young wife of his friend, Roger Neville. In after days they were Indeed evil tale -bearers who said that they had done so at the connivance of Roger, who had grown utterly tired and sick of Mrs. Rose Neville, who was several years his senior. 'More than that, there wa6 one particularly evil set of tongues which insisted that Kinton cared nothing for Mrs, Rose, -~ that he simpled inveigled her away to murder her, in accordance with a pre riously-arranged and diabolical scheme ivhich would release his friend Roger of a burdensome partner. These stories iwere whispered and discussed for a de cade after, but who could eay if there twas an iota of certainty in any of them? ?At any rate, Roger got his, divorce, and imany years later, after a visit to Lon !don, brought home his aecond wife, a young and lovely woman,.' ten thousand itmes too good for the old sinner,' said gJsheenmore. * It leaked out somehow that the pair iwere not happy— the old story of f ' crabbed age and youth.' And besides jsome inkling of her husband's past {seemed to have reached MilHcent— as (the j :? jig wife was called. In any case, tO&heenmore; Castle was no place for a aifeful young creature like her. It was (drowsy, cumbrous, gloomy ; and very ? - seldom was it graced by the presence of ?congenial spirits. As the years went on, ?old Roger grew more sullen and fretful; more averse to leaving the Castle even for a day. People said that the tyranny of the past was upon him; that the ghosts of evil times were about him. Be that as it may, in those closing yeans he was the picture of a cursed and bitter and hunted man. He had yet another worry ; he was in the deeps of debt . . One night as he chatted by a dying fire with Millicent, fee had. a strange visitor. A ragged, starved, despicable looking wretch forced his way Into the , room. Wflien Roger rose up In his wrath at the intrusion the ragged wretch laughed a little bitterly. ' There was a day,' he said, ' when you'd be glad to see me, Roger. Don't . you care to give a sheltering corner to— well, my old name was Jack Kinton ; / (but the bloodhounds of the law, who '. are after me, know me under other ;-,;- names, and for— well, other things.' . j ? Roger Seville grew pale and angry, ? , but for a little while tie was incredu \- ' Uous. ?-,:, 'Oh, Til tell you a few things that ...;?, will convince you of my identity,' said * ? the new comer. ' In this very room one -'/,- ? ? wild night, ever bo many years ago, when ^fi'-Bose was— no matter about that— you y? ? - said to me suddenly; 'jack Kinton, you r, tnow the burdensome tie that is — '' g^ff '-'s 'Stop, and be d ? to yon,' shouted feA Roger ; ' your voice has not changed so Ai/' much after all, and now I know you.' ?§:?,Y ^Fben, casting a furtive glance at Mllli ^M^iicenti be added, ' I don't want to hear of isfjy'' '.ijsfhose frivolous old times.' S,ifc tuSThe other laughed an ugly laugh. Mll Jp*i£leent *oee abruptly and left the room. ffi»,:;3*e newcomer jarred on Iher utterly. *;:'., /Besides, she was unduly sensitive, peo '&?'}': -,.*Te noticed, to any reference to her hus ifefcitanaiepast. ..'???? &£-V-'-*oger Neville and Kinton talked to |fe fetter for hours. ... ?pljjsiy-lxrog after midnight Roger Neville was »*;,*«-nsed toy an old servant from his ^pfiteep. Jack Kinton had called for mim. wk% IBome: «udden -change bad come over ijl y 30nton, and be spoke of death. agjjj^pfWiger Was surprised at the added gyiM^hange thatan hour or two bad wrought. ' %%j^#e/oi£ frgUring ibis uncouth visitor had |^l*eemefl4o puU snp a little. ? -'? ? lMj;Nowine;c61oiir',of death was in his iS-i, -:' itocfc ? He mattpned to the other to close iMMt&at;^T'iaep, 'Mm eying,'** groaned. ^Ip^oiigWt lately I fcadn't long to go, Wmmt-'*-' MMAn't ? ta-PW 'twas «o near. tffifflkifr tmnt a Wood-vessel, I think. Yes, W*m:ite'n6 go. I'm booked.' IlilMOT^flJogetf' i&jeaXi; ?faintiy, « we've mmmiw yoB*omeUtf«?,wprth ieIUng.be WMffiwJgo. Icaroe backet last to dig up nrap$M»4(i$ii.- -#r *ow-*i * *oua box— that I burled Jong ago— when the law-dogs were after me.' ' Where ?' asked Roger feverishly. The other's miud began to wander. His words were a jumble. 'The bog, the bog.' he mumbled at last. Roger was in a fever. ' Where abouts ?' he cried eagerly, des perately. The other's language was in coherent.. Roger stamped his foot ner vously. ' Below the Hunter's Tuft by the car road— ten yards south from the Tuft then ten yards east from the car- road,' he muttered at last. 'Beware, the devil and his imps are on the spot— be- ware ? ' 'Tell me,' whispered Roger again. ' Tell me where you— burled— Rose that infernal time. I know you made away with her. Her face has haunted and cursed me for years. And I'd like to know ? ' But Jack Kinton was dead. . . . An hour before the dawn, Roger Ne ville was digging deep for the expected treasure In the spot indicated below the Hunter's Tuft He was feverishly exul tant at the thought of the anticipated wealth. He thought not of Jack Kinton lying cold, dead, and neglected in the castle ? He started back aghast. Horror of horrors What had he dug up ? A wo man's body. A woman's body preserved by the peculiar soil all those odious years. And it was— the body of hl6 first wife, Rose I ... He lay on the heath and groaned. Now, he dimly understood ; nay. be thought, he understood clearly. Kiu ton's mind had been wandering at the last. He had confused the place of the treasure and the spot whore he had buried the hapless woman in that old evil time. What a ghastly Ironic mis take! He ? A soft step beside him made him rise and turn in dismay. An oath escaped liim, when he found himself face to face with Millicent. She gave one wild cry and put her hands to her face. ' Why did you follow me ?' he gasped —for his voice had all but failed him. 'More of your— your— suspicions. Oh, go, go back ! I will explain all when I return, when I have burled this hapless body. It is Kinton's old, evil work. I swear I am no murderer.' Sobbing convulsively, MUlicent Neville hurried away from that terrible scene. She was in the throes of fever when her husband reached the castle. She never recovered, poor sweet soul ! And Iteheenmore to-day looks so peaceful and sweet you would never as sociate it with a tragedy.— ' Weekly Sun.' 