THE BIJOKEN 110WLOCK. Albert Langdon and Charles Naylor were companions of Ion;; standing. In the same class at school, and residing in the same street, a childish attachment strengthened as they grew older, until they seemed more like brothers than friends. Tliey helped each other with their liome lessons, or rather, Albert assisted his friend, who would not have kept his place in the school but for such aid. In the summer evenings they often went fishing, and occasionally, as they grew older, had a row up the Kibble as far as Wallon church. Charlie's father wished his only son to learn his own trade, that of a cabinet-maker, but Albert meant to bo a schoolmaster, and in the end both became pupil teachers in their old school. "When both were 17 years of ace, a well-to-do uncle of Albert's (lied, and bequeathed to his favourite nephew a !e;;acy of £2,000, tlio income meantime to bo spent on the Fortunate youth s education. The legacy led to a feeling of cuol ncss botweni the two friends^ Naylor fancying that Langdon " put on airs " bicause of his tor tune. On Naylor's 18th birthday, however, he was the recipient of a splendid little boat, just big enough for two, Laugdon having purchased two boats exactly alike, out of bis first half year's interest on his legacy. This generous act renewed the strained friend ship, and for a lime all went along smoothly. Tile two often went on the river with their boats, occasionally racing in a Irietidly fashion, and sometimes takiug a fiiend with them. Among the pupil teachers was a pretty girl named Alice Crook, a favourite with tho whole school, and it soon becanio apparent that for her smiles the two l'i iends were rivals. And when Charles Naylor madu the mortifying discovery that Alice preferred Albort's company, and that she gladly accepted his assistance in pre paring her evening lessons, the spirit of the youth again burned fiercely, aud ho vowed to have his revenge "soin? day." Outwardly, .toaii appearance, he was as friendly as ever ; he eould not pick » quarrel with Langdon with out giving a reason ; and to confess that he sighed for the affections of the fair Alice was impossible. " What do you think of entering in the two oared boat-race at the regatta, Charlie ?" asked Albert one evening '. There are no boats on the river so light as onrs, and it is not likely that there will bo any competitors from other places; the prizes will scarcely tempt them. Besides, if they do, we ore not obliged to com ptte." "If you are thinking of it, I'll enter," re plied Iiangdon. " And I'll take his insufferable pride down a peg or two," muttered Naylor to himself, as be went down to the river at sunrise next morn ing, to put himselt in training for the race. He would win easily, he believed, and thereby show Langdon that ho was not A 1 at every thing ho aimed at. And as Naylor was fully two inches taller, and at least a stone heavier, tbau Langilon, it seemed a foregone conclusion among their ac quaintances when it became known that the two bad entered for the race that Naylor would be a comparatively ea<iy winner. The weather on the regatta day was all that could bo desired, and the northern bank of the river was crowded with spectators, the grand stand being filled by the elite of the town. The race for which Langilon aud Naylor had entered was far down in the programme, and meanwhile they sat with their friends iu the grand stand. Alice Crook was there, and to Naylor's ntense chagrin, she wore a neat little blue lie, ihis competitor's rowing jacket having blue stripes, while his own had choculate brown. " I'll take the puff out of him thought Naylor, strolling off in another direction,to tho wonderment of his friends. There were seven entries for the, two-oarod boat ruce, aud Naylor was first favourite. He had shown himself on the previous Sunday afternoon to admiring crowds between the bridge", his rapidity of stroko being commented upon by all who professed to know anything about rowing. There was a capital start, and before the com petitors hail gone 100 yiros Naylor was leading with Langdon close behind. Straining evory nervo thu favourite kept well in front uDtil he had rounded the buoy, but getting too near the bank bo was compiJIed to ship one oar for a few seconds, and that lost him the race. Latig .lon managed to keep the left of his antagonist, and. ill 6pitc of almost superhumuu efforts by Naylor, won the race by about ten yards. Furiously disappointed, Naylor eould not face the sympathy of his friends, and after resuming his ordinary dress, went home, leaving Alien Crook to be escorted by Langdon. It bad been previously arranged that the two friends should go to a concert that evening, being Saturday ; but Naylor did not turn up at the appointed time, and haviug purchased two reserved seat ticki ts, Langdou called on Mrs. Crook, and begged her to allow Alico to go with bim. Tho inoiher knew of his legacy,and also of his n;any good qualities,aud believing her daughter might do much worse than marry Langdon she gave her consent. Naylor's class in the Sundav school was minus a teacher next day ; ho had a a severe cold was tho excuse sent to the superintendent. But on the Monday morning he was in his place in the day school, and greeted I.augdon as though nought had disturbed the good feel ing betwi en tbt-m. Aud their mutual friends who saw the two young men together during thu next few weeks wi re obliged to admit that they had been agn eably surprised by Naylor's be haviour under di fi at ; he was bearing it like a brave ynurig fellow ought to do. Ncylor had proposed a leisurely row down the liver some baturdav evening, going with the the strsnm, and returning with thu incoming tide.thi ri by lenderini; the task of rowing some wli t cosier. Hut t&f; carrying out of I lie pro ject was pDstpooed-First because when the tidu would suit (l>e weather was unpropitious ; then, the annual teachers' examination took place 011 a Saturday otherwise suitable. And thus it happened that when they were able tu go October wan far advanced, and Langdon would have dropped the project at the IIrot hint from his friend. " We shall be all right, Bert; the moon rises at seven, and we shall be no our way back hen," said Nay lor on their way down to the bonthonse. And bo Langdou thought as they rowed slowly down with the stream, the exertion required biing so Utile as to make it very enjoy able. They had gone further than originally intended, being opposite the Naze, when Langdou, looking round wehtwurd, saw thnt a thick fog was coming up the river. " Look at th<: fog, Charlie : we must turn at once." Naylor was a few yards bBhiml at the time, and instantly turning commenced to row at bis best sped. Langdon followed suit,but before be had rowed fifty yards he fell on his hack at the side of the boat, upsetting it. Ho was an expert swimmer, and soon managed to get into the boat again, but both bis oars were now lost, and when ho had bailed the water out his companion was nowhere to be seen. The fog gradually crept round him, rendering it im possible to see where the tide was carrying the helpless boat. He must be going in the direction of home, he thought ; that was his only consolation. His position did not seem so very 1 ecilous ; if the fog would not lift, he should have uo fours for bis ultimate safety. What had c\u3i d his mishan ? A broken rowlock, evidently, and he felt it carefully. .?Urait heavens-it bus bicn cut! Who committed such an outrageous deed ? " unci he tried to think that his lifelong friend would not be guilty of 'i durtirdly set which might yet end-how ? 14 No, uo ; I will not believe that Charlie would play me such a despicable trick, and thereby Rive the lie to his protestations of gratitude for the assistance of many kinds I have been able to render bim." His musings were iuterrupU-d by the boat running into a sandbank, with which the efctuary of the Ribble abounds. Was the sandbank near the shore ? Being high water, or close to it, be darB not leave his boat to endeavour to ascertain his surrround ings, and with some difficulty he pushed the boat off again. Shivering with the cold, sitting in his wet clothes, the thick fog adding to hi» discomfort, the hours went slowly by, but not nearly so fast as he imagined. And when he was beginning to hope that tbo tide must have carried him so near Preston that he might pos sibly see some signs of life on the river banks, the boat again struck the sand. " I must be in the estuary of the Douglas river," he said to himself. And again shoving the boat off, he began to hope that he might venture to take to the sand bunk when he ago in struck it. The night passed slowly-so slowly to the ! still hopeful occupant of the cockle-shell boat that, not knowing in which direction hu was going, he was both startld and dismayed when, the fog lifting suddenly, he could see a number of lights, but at such a distance away that for some time he could not feel certain What town they belonged to. " That is Soutbport, and I am being carried out to tea !" It was an overwhelming discovery, and dib hopes of succour grew taint. A few minutes observation convinced him that he was being carried in a southerly diveetimi, and he was thereby somewhat reassured, as ho would ere long be in the track of ships outward bound from Liverpool, and might be rescued in time be fore the intense cold had done it terrible work_ But in spite of his effurts Vo keep his blood in circulation,, a seuxe of numbness stole over bim, and though ho well knew that sleep would menu death, his determination to keep awake was giving way to despair when suddenly the lights of a, large ship loomed before him. 14 Ship ahoy !" he shouted, but liia voice was as hoarse as the croak of a raven, and could not have been heard a dozen yards away. The inoon was shilling btightly, however, and the lookout man on board thn steamer happily espied the boat, which was painted white, with blue stripes around the gunwhale.The engines were stopped, and a rope thrown to Langdon, but he was too weak and numbed to catch it. " They have gone, und left mo to perish !' he groaned. But it was not so. A boat soon put off from the steamer, imd the hapless t angdon was soon on board. The miction produced by the certainty that he was sale, however, was more than he could bear, and when lifted on board he was insensible. " A narrow escape !" said the doctor. See, bis wateli stopped at 7.15 ; he must have been sitting in that boat, in his wet clothes, for nearly six hours. Only a strong constitution could have stood such an ordeal." " Is it safe to send him back with the pilot ?" asked the captain. '. By no means. It would be sending him to the grave. He will have a sharp attack of fever, 1 am afraid." His pockets were soarched for some evidonce of his identity, but no papers or letters of any kiud were found. " His clothing and the possession of a good watch and chain show him to be respectable ; we must ask the pilot to make known the rescue to the Liverpool papers ; his friends will thus be informed of bis safety," said the captain, Tho doctor's opinion was verified, and Lang don was raving in the delirium of fever dur ing the wholo olt the passage across the Atlantic to New York. But having safely turned the crisis, ho mended rapidly. A collection among the passengers had produced sufficient to pay for his passage home, and he thus returned to Livetpool iu the same steamer. In the meintime, consternation, followed by intense grisf, reigned iu two homes at Preston. When Charles Naylor realised that his villainous scheme had heen successful, so far that when 1 hs ventured to look round, Langdon's boat was uot in light, his satisfaction was but of a mingled character. What would be the result ? Had lie really contemplated the murder of his old friend ? What would he gain by it ? If Bert Langdon weredrowned, would Alice Crook transfer her affections to another, even though that other l ad been to Langdon like Absalom to David ? These and other questions of a similar nature Charlie Baylor asked himself as he pulled steadily onwards. The fog was so thick that he could not see three yards in any direction ; and with ears strained, he went slowly on to ward the town, not much afraid of being run dowij, for he knew that very few vessels left Preston on a Saturday night. "Thank goodness,there's a light at last. That must be the chain light, and I have yet more than two miles to go. But the tide is helping me splendidly " lire he arrived at the new pier, the fog lifted, and then he rowed much faster. He had lixed upon tho course he intended to adopt. He would say nothing about Langdon unless ques tioned, and then declare that he lost him in the fog. it tvas toe most toolish decision be could have come to, bat guilt induced fear. For tlici first time in bis life, he did not arrive at 1 omc unlil past midnight. His father had gone to bed very angry,declaring that if he awaited the coming home of bis sou there woulil be a row, and ther<(£ire he had better retire. Anil his mother, after setting outhi*hoteuop<r, said nothing to . him about the lateness of the hour, but also retired. Before he had finished bis supper, there was n knock at the door. No one in the front could ree the light in the back parlour, and guessing that someone from Langdon's had come to ask for him, Nnylor sat still, saying to himself, "Let them knock ! " It was Mr*. Langdon, and reluctantly she re turned home, thinking it possible, as her hus band suggested, that the young men had landed j at Lytbam when the fog came on, and there being no train, had been obliged to stay all night. Next morning, however,before Charles Naylor was out of bed, Mrs. Langdon was again at the door, anc Mrs. Naylor aroused her son. " Whore did you leave Bert last evening, Charlie ? " " Somewhere down the river, when the fog came on. We lost one another. But surely he has come home ? " " No, they have heard nothing of him. Oh ! Churlie, how could you leafe him ? You are bigger and strongsr than he is, and if anything has - " Don't talk such nonsense, mother ! What can have happened to him ?" But Mrs. Naylor did not reply ; she went slowly downstairs with her terrible news, vainly endeavouring to assuage the grief of the stricken mother. " It is no use, Mrs. Naylor ; something tells me my hoy is loi-t ! The good die young ! And never a better son than my Bsrtie trod tbe earth. He has never willingly caused any one of us a moment's pain. I don't blame your son. He got frightened, I suppose, when the fog cauio on, and was in a hurry to get back. I will come in again, aud see -Ijim.'' Mr. Naylor went to the police, and uotilied them tl_.it his son was missing; awl acting on tbeir advice, ho look the traiu for Lytham, anil there i' ;agcd a small steam trawler to search for the missing boat. But nothing was found ; and no tidings we»v received of its owner. Ou reaching Liverpool, the pilot uf the Macedonia was met by his eldest daughter, with the news that her mother had been found xitatl in bid the previous morn mj!. The message he had been charged to de liver to the newspaper offices was completely forgotten, in his grief at the death of his wife, and it was not until the following Thursday that he chanced to sto a paragraph in the " Echo " to the effect tbat a young man named t angdon, who went for a row on the Kibble on Saturday evening, had not returned, and it was supposed he had been lost iu the fog. Blaming himself tor his forgetfulness, the pilot imme diately wired to the Preston police,to the effect tbat the Macedonia had picked up n small boat with a young man in it, in the Channel, some ten miles weit of the Jii rsey Bnr, A fuw hour* afterwards Mr. Langdon was in Liverpuol, and after some little trouble found the pilot. But again the heart-broken father bad to endure the torments of suspense. Tlie pilot bad to admit that the rescued young man was in a high fever when be left tho steumer, and Mr. Langdon returned homo with a fuller undi r standing than he lad previously possessed of that w£ II known text-" Hope deferred m&keth; the liuart sick." During that week, Charles Naylor went about like an animated ghost, and won golden opinions for his evident grief for the supposed Ions of his friend. But, to tbe astonishment of his parents, tbe news biought by Mr. Langilon from Liver pool did not chase tbe gloom from tbe young man's brow. He seemed to become more melan choly than before ; anil as the time approached when the Langdons might oxpcct to hoar from their son, if ha hod recovered, the Naylor's feared that Charlie was going out of his mind. Tbe arrival of the Macedonia at New York was duly chronicled in the Liverpool papers,but nothing was said of the resumed castaway ; and again the hopes of the Langdous grew fainter. Tho tortures of remorse endured by Charles Naylor during this period it would be impossible to describe. Ho could not eat, aud the littlo sleep he was able to obtain was broken by awful dreams, in which Albert Langdou was drowning, and appealing lo him for help. The full enormity of tbe crime he bad committed, lis the result of bis mad jealousy, bad come homo to him, and be would huvegiveuall he posessed, his hopes, his prospects, could he have uudone his wicked deed. The hopes of the Laugdons now centred in the return of the Macedonia, and tbe joy of the family may be imagined when a telegram was received from their son, handed in ut Queen stowu, saying that be was quite well, and hoped to be at homo within twenty-four hours. " 1 must go aud tell Mrs Naylor ; sho says Charlie is fretting himself to death." said Mrs. Langdou. But the good news had an effect on Charles Naylor that astonished all who knew the cir cumstances He was tulcen suddenly ill, and tBe doctor said be was in for a sharp attack of brain fever. lror some time bis life WHS in dan ger, aud when he was sufficiently recovered to see visitois the first to come was Albert Lang don. He had not been told that Langdon wished to see him, and wben his old friend spoke he turned away his face, crying : " Bertio Langdon I No, no ; I cannot-I tried-" "Husli, Charlie! You must forget what happened on th»t day. It is known only to yDU and me. 1 knew you would be sorry after wards, Clurlie. You have been spared a life loug misery. Shake bands, old friend." From that hour Charlie Naylor ncovored strength rapidly. But far a long time he avoided the river, and before be ventured out bis boat had been sent as a gift to a bazaar get up at Southport on behalf of the lifeboat fund. Only Albert Langdon could have explained why. after that brain fever attack, his friend seomed to havo suddenly changed from the youth to the man. His exuberant spirits and tun-loving nature bad vanished ; and ho was seldom seen to smile. To the regret of his parents, he declined to follow tbe teaching pro fe^ion : Langdon alone guessed his reasons. Three years after their lust row, Langdon married Alice Crook, Naylor, after much per suasion, being " best man " on the occasion. " How foolish to go rowing on the Kibble when tbe tide is up, and unable to swim !" re marked one of the male guests, after the newly wedded pair bad departed for Torquay. Only Albei t Lungdon could have explained why Charles Nnylor turned pale, his eyes dis tending with horror, as a paragraph from the local evening paper was read, relating how a young man had been drowned on the river, lji» skiff having been upset as the result of a " broken rowlock." 