ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL. A BRIEF HISTORY. THE OPENING CEREHOHV. An event of a very important character especially to the Catholics of Victoria, was consummated with great pomp and cere mony on Sunday, when St. Patrick's Cathedral, on Eastern Hill, was consecrated. It is the grandest sacred edifice in this part of the world, and now that it lias been com pleted, excepting the towers and spires, it is a work that can he looked upon by pride by those who have been contributors to its erection. No religious body has had a footing in this colony for a greater period, and the loca tion of the Roman Catholic Church is a matter of only about GO years, the iirst priest, the Bev. P. B. Geoghegau.iarriving in 1839 and establishing a small c'uurch at the corner of Elizabeth-street and Little Collins street. ' In a few years the headquarters were removed to the site on which the now old church of St. Francis stands, at the inter section of Elizabeth and Lonsdale- streets. Very little time was lost in erecting a bishopric here, and though ,tho population, was very small Dr. Gould was sent out as first bishop in ISiS. Prior to that the friends of the church had looked out for a good church site ria.Jhc eastern portion of the city or what wis to be the city, and had applied for two acres on Eastern "Bill, by far the best site in Melbourne. There was" considerable opposition for various reasons, but eventually the sile was granted and in 1850 Dr. Gooldlaid thejioumtytipn, stone o£ the first building, which was to be a much more modest edifice than that which crowns the hill. With the autbreak o£ the gold fields the population of Melbourne and the colony went up by leaps and bounds, and it was decided to pull down a portion of the blucstone building commenced, which had been used for some years, and go on with a more pretentious structure in the same material, and taking in ihc lower portion of the old building. It was then the year 1S57, and Mr. W. W. Wardell, who has had a wide reputation in Australia as an archi tect, was asked to design the new building. It was to be Gothic, aud with the conditions attached to the work he was forced to use the dark bluestone instead of a lighter material. This was not. to his taste, bnj^it may be doubted whether the effect o£ the building would have been heightened had the color of the stone been different. Money came in fast at first, and then there were periods of depression, when funds were not so flowing, and when work was at a stand still. But under the advocacy of Bishop Goold and Dean Fitzpatrick the building grew with the months and years. At the time of his death-the deau ha d ->id to th contractors £150,000, a considerable amount of which, it is stated, came from the pockets of the clergy, and the walls had been com pleted. Archbishop Carr, when he came upon the scene, urged his flock to raise another £50,000, to put all things in order and contributions came in freely, but the land boom intervened before the required amount waB reached, and in the getting of the last £20,000 the ladies with their fancy fair had to come upon the scene. The design is now complete except the three towers and spires. One tower is sufficiently complete to hold a peal of bells, and in time the other two will each have its peal. The technical description of the cathedral is that it in in style decorated Gothic, and of the Usual cruciform shape looking down at it. The desigu has a central toiver and spire at the intersection, and smaller towers and spires flanking the nave at the western end. The demensions are stated as follows:-Nave sanctuary and lodge chapel, internal length, 320 feet; nave and aisles and transepts and aisles, internal width each, 70 feet; transepts internal length, 162 feet; height of main roofs to bridges, 98 feet; height of western towers and spires (to be) 203 feet; height of central tower and Bpires (to be) 260 feet. Internally the building is most elaborate. The doors of the cathedral, admitting to the various sections of the building, holders of various colored cards, were opened at 10 a.m., but long before that hour crowds had gathered in the churchyard and street. Eleven o'clock was the time for starting the ceremony of the public opening. Over 1200 persons were inside the noble building. The Governor and party were the last to arrive, and the congregation then rose. The ceremony commenced with the pro cession from the palace across the grounds into the cathedral, a portion entering by the door nearest the palace, and the remainder by the principal entrance. They were re ceivedjwith a burst of music from a choir of 250 voices, who sang the "Ecce Sacerdos." ,The procession was most impressive, and included Cardinal Moran, associated with the archbishops of ilelnonrne, Adelaide, Brisbane and Wellington, 13 bishops of the different diocese (including Ballarat, Bendi go, Sale), 200 parish priests and members of the Passionist, Carmelite, Vincentian and Kedemptorist Orders, the Society of Jesus, and the Knights of St. Gregory. The episo pal insignia displayed included thecrozieros the staff, surmounted by the cross borne by the cardinal, and the mitre, a crown or pon tificial ornament, denoting the office of aroh bishop. At the altar, positions were taken by the celebrant, Dr. Corbetfc, Bishop of Sale, Pontifical High Priest; assistant priest, the Bev. W. Quilter; deacon, the Very Bev. M. Carey. Standing on the right o( the bishop celebrant was the sub deacon, the Kev. G. A, Robertson, B.A, on the left the first master of ceremonies, the Rev. J. Carroll, and the second master of ceremonies, the Rev. D. Murphy. At the throne were the cardinal and the assistant deacons. En route to the high altar were passed the side cliapels of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, the Lady's Chapel, St. Joseph, St. Bridget, the Mortu ary and the Children's Chapel. The cele brant bishop was vested with the various vestments, and insignia connected with the crucifixion. The sacrifice was Pontifical High Mass, to which the term " Coram Car. dinale " were added, indicating that the mas was said in the presence of the cardinal. The ordinary mass was commenced accor ding to regular rule by the celebrant stand ing at the foot of the altar pronouncing in Latin " In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The ceremony, which took two hours and a half altogether, was very impressive. Amongst the guests invited were the Go vernor and suite, members of the Ministry the two Houses of Parliament, the civic authorities and judges of the Supreme Court and County Court. The sermon, a very powerful one, was de livered by Cardinal Moran from the first and last verses of the 67th Psalm-"Let God arise and let His enemies be scattered, and let them that hate Him flee from before His face. God is wonderful in His ,'Saints. The God of Israelis He who will give power and strength to His people. Blessed be God." The musical part was under the baton o£ Herr Steinmetz. The choir of 120 voices, with an orchestra of 25 performers, ren dered Beethoven's Alass in C, Madame Boema, Miss M. A. Godwin, Mr. R. Foley and Herr Rudolgh Himmer being the soloists. Mr. Charles Sykes presided at the organ. 