THE IIVLS THAT FLESH IS H'ELK TO. The public have lately been violently exercised about tshe dreadful danger lurking at the street corner and in the church and round the bar, and in other public and private places: the devastating, unmerciful phthisis. Con sumption has never been recognized in this part of the world in all its naked ugliness, and people are appalled at the terrible picture the awful potentialities of the disease awaken in an oversensitive imagination. It isa grave error to disregard sanitary laws and to treat coma bacilli and cholera bacteria with disrespect; the saving of life we owe to the disinterested en deavors of medical men within the last quarter of a century is so enorm ous. and the benefit we derive from sanitary supervision in our towns so icdisputable, so tangible, that we can not sufficiently admire the marvellous progress of the most difficult of scien tific professions. Medicine has a his tory reaching further back than any otlher 'branch of science, in fact it included at one time all the others, and it seems a criterion, of the difficulties besetting this particular part of re search, and a proof of t<he splendid intellectual abilities .of men like Pas teur, Koch, Virchow, and others, that the last 25 years should 'have lowered the deatJh record in, for instance, Great Britain from 22.4 to 18.7 per thou sand. Sti'll, the layman who reade about the medical discoveries of latter years, who trespasses for a minute or two into the kingdom of Infusoria so vigorously opened out just now, cannot help wondering in those short intervals when he is not shuddering at tlhe awful shapes and forms of disease and prowling horrible death surrounding him, ho vv his ances tors managed to keep alive at all; ig norant of antiseptic surgery and other things, too lengthy and unpwmounc^ able to mention. Obstetric statistics for instance seem to indicate that the organs of reproduction weaken in a direct ratio to the extent that medical aid can facilitate a natural act. Aty part of our system that is not worked to its normal limit of useful ness, suffers from deterioration, and, perhaps, out liability to disease de pends upon the status of medical know ledge. Nevertheless, in the eternal race between the cradle and the coffin, the latter gets handicapped more and more every day, and statistics oil the victims of the all devouring grave go to prove, that the battle against the arch fiend of humanity is being fought with pluck and success. How Car we will be able to ward off untimely deatili, the future only can tell ; but that remarkable life saving apparatus, modern sanitation, is steadily driving its enemy back. Old age is still only No. 5 on the list of our most fatal foes, arranged in order of their de structiveness, but consumption has had to taike fourth place in Great Britain, aaid under the --healthier climatical conditions of Australia occupies very likeiy a still higher number. Diseases to the respiratory system (bronchitis, pneumonia, etc..) represent No. I among the causes of death in England, and then follow diseases of the nervous sys tem, and those of the circulatory sys tem-heart disease. Liver complaints are at the bottom of the list, but then, of course, people do not consume such an enormous quantity of patent pills in the mother country, and the indigestion-cure man dot1® not search for victims as he does in this great continent, where the quack advertise ment never ceases from troubling, and the voice of " ?heiibailists'" Is not at rest. Without prejudice It .might 'be maintained that civilised races are prone to over-doctor them selves, and the Australian siins rat i ?r more against his own constitution than most other people. If we sub ordinated our habits to geographi cal requirements, and our brands of liquor to the thermometer, our health would be better a:nd our bills for medical advice smaller. An adequate diet -helps more than three bottles of digestive syrup, and at the present time we cam cer tainly not plead ignoranice of the fuu damental knowledge of hygiene, that is being distriltmted broadcast through all classes of society. Men, of the highest irateLlect lead the van OIL the steep road of progress, amd every scrap of information, every answer to the bewiMering multitude of riddles surrounding our life, that they force from the unwilling >hands of nature, they generously hand over to the com mon wealth, augmenting the ever growing store of human know ledge . Bt is of course hopeless to wage wat with death, but it is aiofl immortality we wamit, fi/t is immunity from disease; ail o£r as have to die, but there is no reason why we should suecumib to diabetes or lep rosy, >wihen old age or accident ought to be the onily natural causes com pelling us to leave this world. In its endeavors to disseminate the requisite prophylactic knowledge a® well as in its discoveries of remedies, the medi cal profession is providing us with the necessary weapon® for the battle against the tainted, infectious ghost of sickness lurking everywhere, and if the promise of past achievements ca? ries weight, the time will not be far distant, when we may shake off fcht degrading miserable yoke of fear, ami triumphantly face annihilation robbed of Its terror, its ghoulish myrmidons of disease, with the old taunt, 'Tteatsh, where is thy siting- ?" There'is no beating t?he Aaneracatns when it comes to a question of "sihow." The ©nlv test lis whetiher or no there be inomey in iiL T?he latest novelty is that reported) in a, despatch to the 'Frisco "Chronicle" from Chic ago :-"Gypsy, better known as Em press. the mam-killing elephant »has become so unruly that her master (has decided to 'have her fcOed. and the ex ecution will be in. pubOic. Slhe will be electrocuted in Tsatttemall's, a place capable of accommodating 15.000 peo ple, and aai admission fee wafll oe charged!. Tihe Empress has already killed four keepers, the last one being Frank Scott, who was trampled to dea'fch alb©ait six months ag*> in am aiE-ey on the Westt Side. S'lie broke the door of the bam wihere she »liad been con fined, and. wihen S;cott approached her she promptly charged Man. S'he ajso damaged everytihiing she c&me; in con tact with. Since then Gypsy iha® ihad a dozen keepers. Yesterday tihe miain who had charge of Gypsy for momtihs resigned. The mainagers of tihe circus have beem unable to fill his place, so they decided to have tihe famous ele phant kOed. Arrangements are noiw being <made for the execution by elec tricity. "The aniimai -will be stuffed and carted awaad flie country witih the elio w. Manager Wilson of the cir cus applied to tihe Ci ty OolileCbor tthas mtorniimg for a permit for ithe public electrocution. Tihe permit wiiffi be issued watMai a few day® by the City Clerk, in fact, as soon as the date for the affair has beem fixed. T'htiis will be Che first permit ever issued) by tbe city for an affair of this kind. Tihe dofcaife regarding the manner in which the electrocution wafi take place have not 'been, given omfc. but some eleclrMaras have expressed the opanoon thait i t waOI noIt be an easy matter to get a current gtroog enough to kil'll the ainam<a<l. Every poss&bfe; preoauitiiKHi will be taken- to protect fjhe public." J 