ROYALTY ! THE ROYAL GEORGES. Queen Victoria's Ancestors. GEORGE I. AND HIS WIFE. Phillip of Konigsmarck. Mrs. Jordon and Sarah Siddons Right Royal Reminiscences. By William Makepeace Thackeray and Others Now that the 'Sedition' scare has sub- sided, and loyal Australians are prepar- ing to federate 'under the British Crown,' it may, perhaps, be permitted to point out, without running the risk of further prosecution, what a wonderful loyalty- inspiring chronicle the record of those 'right Royal Rascals,' as the 'Four Georges' have been termed, really is; also, what a truly edifying example the life of the Queen's uncle and immediate predecessor, William IV., affords. This chronicle ought to prove pleasant read- ing to all true-born Englishmen who make it their patriotic pride and boast that they are reigned over, if not governed by, an elderly lady of German origin, with German predilections and prejudices, and speaking the language of her subjects imperfectly. In his series of interesting lectures entitled, 'The Four Georges,' Thackeray, the great novelist, observes:— A biography of the wife of George I., by Dr Doran, has lately appeared, and I confess I am astounded at the verdict which that writer has delivered, and at his acquittal at this most unfortunate lady. That she had a cold, selfish libertine of a husband no one can doubt; but that the bad husband had a bad wife is equally clear. She was married to her cousin for money or convenience, as all princesses were married. She was most beautiful, lively, witty and accomplished his brutality outraged her; his silence aud coldness chilled her; his cruelty insulted her. No wonder she did not love him. How could love be a part of the compact in such a marriage as that? With this unlucky heart to dispose of the poor creature bestowed it on Phillip of Konigsmarck, than whom a greater scamp does not walk the history of the seventeenth century. A 150 years after the fellow was thrust into his unknown grave, a Swedish professor lights upon a box of letters in the University library an Upsala, written by Phillip and Dorothea to each other, and telling their miserable story. The bewitching Konigsmarck had con- quered two female hearts in Hanover. Be- sides the Electoral Prince's lovely young wife, Sophia Dorothea, Philip had inspired a passion in a dedious old Court lady, the Countess of Platen. The Princess seems to have pursued him with the fidelity of many years. Heaps of letters followed him on his campaigns, and were answered by the daring adventurer. The Princess wanted to fly with him; to quit her odious husband at any rate. She besought her parents to receive her back; had a notion of taking refuge in France, and going over to the Catholic religion; had absolutely packed her jewels for flight, and very likely arranged its details with her lover, in that last long night's interview, after which Philip of Konigsmarck was seen no more. Konigsmarck, infiuenced with drink — there is scarcely any vice of which, accord- ing to his own showing, this gentleman was not a practitioner— had boasted at a supper at Dresden of his intimacy with the two Hanoverian ladies, not only with the Prin- cess, bit with another lady powerful in Hanover. The Countess Platen, the old favorite of the Elector, hated the young Electoral Princess. The young lady had a lively wit, and constantly made fun of the old one. The Princess's jokes were con- veyed to the old Platen, just as our idle words are carried about at this present day ; and so they both hated each other. The characters in the tragedy, of which the curtain was now about te fall, are about as dark a set as eye ever rested on. There is the jolly prince, shrewd, selfish, scheming, loving his cups and bis ease (I think his good humor makes the tragedy but darker); his princess, who speaks little but observes all; his old, painted Jezebel of a mistress; his son, the Electoral Prince, shrewd too, quite selfish, not ill-humored, and generally silent, except when goaded into fury by the in- tolerable tongue of his lovely wife; there is poor Sophia Dorothea, with her coquetry and her wrongs, and her passionate attachment to her scamp of a iover, and her wild im- prudences, and her mad artifices, and her insane fidelity, and her furious jealousy re- garding her husband (though she loathed and cheated him), and her prodigious falsehoods; and the confidante, of course, into whose hands the letters are slipped ; and there is Lothario, finally, than whom, as I have said, one can't imagine a more handsome, wicked, worthless reprobate. How that perverse fidelity of passion pur- sues the villain! How madly true the woman is, and how astoundingly she lies! She has bewitched two or three persons who have taken her up, and they won't believe in her wrong. Like Mary of Scotland, she finds adherents ready to conspire for her even in history, and people who have to deal with her are charmed and fascinated, and bewildered. How devotedly Miss Strickland has stood by Mary's innocence! Are there not scores of ladies in this audi- ence who persist in it, too? Innocent! I remember as a boy how a great party per- sisted in declaring Caroline of Brunswick was a martyred angel. So was Helen of Greece innocent. She never ran away with Paris, the dangerous young Trojan. Mene- laus, her husband, illused her, and there never was any seige of Troy at all. So was Bluebeard's wife innocent, one never peeeped into the closet where the other wives were with their heads off. She never dropped the key, or stained it with blood; and her brothers were quite right in finish- ing Bluebeard; the cowardly brute. Yes: Caroline of Brunswick was innocent; and Madame Laffarge never poisoned her hus- band; and Mary of Scotland never blew up hers; and poor Sophia Dorothea was never unfaithful; and Eve never took the apple — it was a cowardly fabrication of the ser- pents. George Louis has been held up to execra- tion as a murderous bluebeard, whereas the Electoral Prince had no share in the transac- tion in which Philip of Konigsmarck was shuffled out of this mortal scene. The princess had had a hundred warnings, mild hints from her husband's parents, grim remon- strances from himself, but took no more heed of this advice than such besotted poor wretches do. On the night of Sunday, the 1st of July, 1694, Konigsmarck paid a long visit to the princess, and left her to get ready for flight. Her husband was away in Berlin; her carriages and horses were pre- pared, and ready for the elopement. Mean- while, the spies of Countess Platen had brought the news to their mistress. She went to Ernest Augustus, and procured from the Electoral an order for the arrest of the Swede. On the way by which he was to come, four guards were commissioned to take him. He strove to cut his way through the four men, and wounded more than one of them. They fell upon him, cut him down, and, as he was lying wounded on the ground, the Countess, his enemy, whom he had be- trayed and insulted, came out and beheld him prostrate. He cursed her with his dying lips, and the furious woman stamped upon his mouth with her heel. He was dispatched presently, his body burnt the next day, and all traces of the mah disappeared. The guards who killed him were enjoined to silence under severe penalties. The Princess was reported to be ill in her apartments, from which she was taken in October of the same year, being then eight and twenty years of age, and consigned to the Castle of Ahlden, where the remained a prisoner for no less than 32 years. A separation had been pronounced previously between her and her husband. She was called henceforth the "Princess of Ahlden," and her silent husband no more uttered her name. Four years after the Konigsmarck catas- trophe, Ernest Augustus, the first Elector of Hanover, died, and George Louis, his son, reigned in his stead. Sixteen years he reigned in Hanover, after which he became, as we know, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith. The wicked old Countess Platen died in the year 1706\. She had lost her sight, but neverthe- less the legend says that she constantly saw Konigsmarck's ghost by her wicked old bed. And so there was an end of her. In the year 1700 the little Duke of Gloucester, the last of poor Queen Anne's children, died, and the folks of Hanover straightway became of prodigious importance in England, The Electress Sophia was de- clared the next in succession to the English throne; George Louis was created Dnke of Cambridge; grand deputations were sent over from our country to Deutschland; but Queen Anne, whose weak heart hankered after relatives at St Germains, never could be got to allow her cousin, the Elector Duke of Cambridge, to pay his respects to Her Majesty and take his seat in her House of Peers. Had the Queen lasted a month longer; had the English Tories been as bold and resolute as they were clever and crafty; had the prince whom the nation loved and pitied been equal to his fortune, George Louis had never talked German in St James' Chapel Royal. When the Crown did come to George Louis he was in no hurry to put it on. He waited at home for awhile, took an affect- ing farewell of his dear Hanover and Herrenhausen, and set out in the most leisurely manner to ascend 'the throne of his ancestors,' as he called it in his first speech to Parliament. He brought with him a compact body of Germans, whose society he loved, and whom he kept round the royal person. He had his faithful Ger- man chamberlains; his German secretaries ; his negroes, captives of his bow and spear in Turkish wars; his two ugly, elderly German favorites, Mesdames of Kielmansegge and Schulenberg, whom he created respectively Countess of Darlington and Duchess of Kendal. The duchess was tall, and lean of statue, ahd hence was irre- verently nick-named the 'Maypole.' The Countess was a large-sized noblewoman, and this elevated personage was denominated the Elephant. Both of these ladles loved Hanover and its delights; clung round the linden-trees of the great Herrenbansen Avenue, and at first would not quit the place. Schulenberg, in fact, could not come on account of her debts ; but finding the 'May pole' would not come, the 'Elephant ' packed up her trunk and slipped out of Hanover, unwieldly as she was. On this the 'Maypole' straightaway put herself in motion, and followed her beloved George Louis. One seems to be speaking of Captain Macheath, and Folly, and Lucy. The king we had selected, the Courtiers who came in his train, the English nobles who came to welcome him, and as many of whom the shrewd old cynic turned his back — I protest it is a wonderful satirical picture. I am a citizen waiting at Greenwich pier, say, and crying hurrah for King George! and yet I can scarcely keep my countenance and help laughing at the enormous absurdity of this advent. Here we are, all on our knees. Herein the Archbishop of Canterbury prostrating him- self to the head of his church, with Keil- mansegge and Schulenberg with their ruddied cheeks grinning behind the defender of the faith. Here is my Lord Dnke of Marl- borough kneeling too, the greatest worrier of all times; he who betrayed King William— betrayed King James II.— be- trayed Quean Anne — betrayed England to the French, the Elector to the Pretender, the Pretender to the Elector; and here are my Lords Oxford and Bollingbroke, the latter of whom has just tripped up the heels of the former; and if a month's more time had been allowed him, would have had King James at Westminster. The great Whig gentlemen made their bows and congees with proper decorum and ceremony; bit yonder keen old schemer knows the value of their loyalty. 'Loyalty,' he must think, as applied to me— it is absurd! There are 50 nearer heirs to the throne than I am. I am but an accident, and you fine Whig gentlemen take me for your own sake, not for mine. You Tories hate me; you archbishops, smirking on your knees, and prating about Heaven, you know I don't care a fig for your Thirty-nine Articles, and can't understand a word of your stupid sermons, You, my Lords Bollngbroke and Oxford— you know you were conspiring against me a month ago; and you, my Lord Duke of Marlborough — you would sell me or any man else, if you found your advantage in it. Come, my good Melusina, come, my honest Sophia, let us go into my private room, and have some oysters and some Rhine wine, ahd some pipes afterwards; let us make the best of our situation; let us take what we can get, and leare these bawling, braw= ling lying English to shout, and fight, and cheat in their own way,' MEMOIR OF MRS. JORDAN. The following account of Mrs Jordan, the famous actress and wife of William IV., and his subsequent dastardly desertion of her, in taken from Oxbery's well-known collection of 'Dramatic Biographies':— Alter her arrival in London, she formed a connection of a tender nature with Mr Ford, a son of Sir Richard Ford, then Chief Magistrate of Bow-street, by which intimacy she became the mother of two or three children. The Duke of Clarence now thought proper to make her as offer of his protection (Rolla's expression applies well to these sort of protetions) on a splendid establishment of £1000 a year. This offer, to her eternal dis- grace, Mrs Jordan accepted — to her disgrace because the sacrifice was to the Duke, not the man. The paltry sum of £1000 a year did not, could not, weigh with her for a moment; but she could not resist the son of her king, This is a feeling very general among women, who all possess great susceptibilities, very little refinement and seldom any common sense We question whether most women would not deem it more reputable to be the companion of a prince than the wife of a tradesman— They are weak as water, rash as fire. We should speedily fill our pages were we to relate half the idle stories circulated respecting this connection. The following we believe to be fact. The late King one day said to his son: 'Clarence! Clarence! how s this? You — you keep an actress — keep an actress? Yes; sire. Ah, how much d'ye give her, eh?' 'A thousand a year, sire.' 'A thousand! Too much— too much. Five hundred.' Upon which the Duke wrote to Mrs Jordan expressive of his sire's opinion. At that period the Caveat Garden play-bills always concluded with these words: 'No money returned after the rising of the curtain.' Mrs Jordan tore this off and enclosed it in a blank cover to his Royal Highness. This connection lasted many years, dur- ing which, we can positively state, Mrs Jordan was frequently — nay, we may say incessantly, embarrassed; but whether from her own extravagances, or her paramour's meanness we cannot of course decide. She had, by the Duke of Clarence, ten children, in equal moieties of each sex. The sons she all in the Army, bearing the cogno- men of Fitzclarence. The daughters reside with their royal father. Her eldest daughter (one of the two or three before named, by whom we are not prepared to say, but we know the Duke cannot, and we believe Mr Ford never did, claim the parentage) was Mrs Alsop, of whose talent it is useless and unnecessary to speak. She has followed her mother to tile grave, without having had sufficient time to display the powers she possessed. The exact period of parting between Mrs Jordan and the Duke, we do not remember, though the effect upon her we shall never forget. She was then playing at Chelten- ham, and received a letter from His Royal Highness, desiring her to meet him at Maidenhead, where they were to bid each other farewell. Mrs Jordon had concluded her actual engagement, but remained one night over to perform Nell for Mr Watson, the manager's benefit. It was in the after- noon of this very day she received the fatal letter. With that kindness that always marked her conduct, she would not withdraw he name from the bills, though such was her state when she arrived at the theatre, from continued hysterics, that we may literally say she was saturated with sorrow. One circumstance we particularly remem- ber, during her performance. In her scene with Jobson, after the conjurer has seen her, Nell laughs immoderately, on which Jobson remarks, 'Why, Nell, the conjurer has not only made you drunk, but he has made yon laughing drunk.' When Mrs Jordan at- tempted to laugh, she burst into tears, and the actor, with great presence of mind, altered the text by saying, 'Nell, the con- jurer has not only made thee drunk, he has made thee crying drunk,' and thus brought her through the scene. After the perform- ance she was put into a travelling chariot in Neil's dress, and started to keep her appoint- ment with her royal lover. A few words will sum up this unfortunate creature's history. ln 1816 she went abroad, as some say, to avoid her creditors; and according to others, for the benefit of her health; and at St. Cloud, on the 5th of July in that year, she paid the debt of Nature. Her complaint was an inflamma- tion on the chest, attended with the rupture of a blood-vessel. Her bones were denied Christian burial by the liberal churchmen; and at length, by the interference of an English gentleman, she was interred, with- out any ceremonials, in some garden ground. We have been Informed lately that her body was ultimately placed in the cemetery at St. Cloud. Thus ended the British Thalia, the favorite of the public, the mistress of a prince, and acknowledged best actress ef her day. We shall say little of Mrs Jordan's talents, for they are above our praise; and as her day has long past, there are other works, where correct summaries of her talent may be found, She was not, she could not, be a fine lady; but she could be something so like it, that it was almost the same thing; and everything but the fine lady she could be. Her Lady Teazle wanted force of manner; her comedy was of too romping a character for high life. In senti- mental comedy she was happier, because as she had not to bend, she did not lose her dignity. Her Rosalind was exquisite; her Romp, Nell, Little Pickle, Miss Biddy, have never been equalled. Her tragedy was not so naturally pathetic as Fanny Kelly's, but it was more equable and correct; she had not Miss K.'s feeling, but she was assuredly a better speaker. Her laugh was the most enlivening thing in nature, equally beyond praise or description; it rose gradually, and as gradually diminished and the last sigh of its existence was as natural and effective as its loudest moment; it was used as naturally by her as an accomplished singer uses a shake, and she managed it with equal skill. In person Mrs. Jordan was about the middle size, with a round face, not hand- some, but pleasing; her figure, always in- clining to en bon point, latterly assumed a corpulence that considerably marred her efforts. MEMOIR OF SARAH SIDDONS. Mrs Siddons, during a long theatrical life, was always peculiar for parsimony. We can- not remember that she was ever guilty of a generous action, and as our statutes do not compel relatives to aid each other, we think it highly probable that Mrs Siddons might have left her valetudinary sister to shift for herself, however little she might have been able to do to. In 1785 Mrs Siddons had first the honor (for we suppose we most call it so) of read- ing a play before their Majesties, and after this period she and her brother (John) fre- quently visited Buckingham House and Windsor Castle, for the purpose of reciting scenes before the late Qneen Charlotte. We should have thought the benevolent George III. and his amiable and elegant consort might have served the stage mare by wit- nessing performances at the theatre; but Royalty shuns exertion. An instance of the spirit of our heroine we are happy to record. The late Queen, whe brought over with her the fulsome system of etiquette practised in the Court from whence she came, where beggary is glad to substitute the ceremony of rank for its splendors, took her seat to hear the pro- minent scenes from 'Macbeth' read by Mrs Siddons and John Kemble. Mrs Siddons read with her accustomed talent, but her brother perceived that she every moment grew paler. (She was at that period in that condition which should most awaken the sympathy of one woman for another.) He paused end approached her; she was on the point of fainting with exertion. This he had not perceived before, being busied in the various parts he had to recite, but the actress's distress must have been obvious to the Queen and her amiable ladies-in-wait- ing, who, however, took no notice until the moment we are speaking of, when the play was just concluded, and then her Gracious Majesty quitted the apartment, that the actress might sit down, she not enduring the idea of her being seated in her presence under any circumstances. This was the con- duct of the Queen that the British ladies (and mothers especially) were to look up to as a pattern, and this was her conduct to that wonderful woman who, in comparison to herself, was Olympus to a mole-hill. After this period her benevolent majesty frequently sent for Mrs Siddons and John Kemble, but they were invariably unwell, till at length majesty itself learnt to take a hint. 