THE MY'TH OF THE QUIVERA. The most romantic and remarkablr ruin in the United States is that of the spectral and long-forgotten "city" which is the last resting-place of the mostfamousmyth in NorthAmerica,the myth of the Quivira. There are larger ruins on this continent (though none within our national borders), and some handsomer. But no other is so ghostly in look, nor the grave of so many cen turies of golden hopes. The myth of the Quivira originated in 1540, in the pueblo of Pecos,N. Mi.-itself a ruin now. Just then Francisco Vas quez de Coronado-having explored from the Grand Canon of the Colorado to the Rio Grande-had come here. The Pecos, to be rid of him, procured a Paw nee captive to tell him of the Quivira, a fabulous city of gold far to the north east. Coronado made an astounding march in pursuit of this will-o'-the wisp--overrunning what Is now the In dian Territory and Kansas, to about where Kansas City stands to-day. IHe proved the myth a lie in the very year of its invention; for he found the Qul vira-the tepees of a Teton tribe of no mad, buffalo-tagging savages, absolute ly ignorant of the precious metals. But though strangled so young, the Quivira fable is not dead yet. Even sober Onate, the founder of New Mexico, more than half a century later, chased the golden bubble; and so did many others in the two centuries following. And more Americans believe to-day in the fable than ever Spaniards did. I have known a man to start from Los Angeles on this fool's errand within twelve months. In these 365 years, however, the locus of the myth has shifted from the eastern edge of Kansas a matter of 800 miles-clear down to the centre of New Mexico; and there it has halted for good. It will never move again-for no other place is so fitting. And doubtless it will never perish, since fools will never cease. For something like a century now the name of "Gran Quivira" (Great Quivlra) has been applied to the wonderful ruins which are the subject of this article. It is, of course, a stupidity out of whole cloth; another case where shcepherders and gold-crazy vagabonds have been permitted to make what we are pleased to call history. Not only has this spot not the remotest connection with any thing distantly related to the Quivira, but it is a town so historic and so unmis takable that only ignorance could have misnamed it. It is the City that was Forgotten-till a historian came along with common sense-namely, Bandeller. From the valley of the Rio Grande at Albuquerque you see close on the east the long range of 10,000-foot peaks which begin with the Sandias and stretch far to the south, shutting off from the val ley the boundless great plains. Tou can go by carriage or horse, through Tijeras Canon and the hamlets of Chilili, Ta jique. and Manzano, a long, hard, inte resting ride: but you will do well not to go without a guide, and you must carry, the last day going, water for your animals as well as for yourself. On your right is the great mountain wall, on this side sending down to your very path the vanguard of its noble armies of pines. On your left the plains stretch brown to the very sunrise. Far down them glitter the Accursed Lakes, where millions of huffalo drank till the gods Iblasted the waters to saltness, in anger at a treachery (so the Pueblo folk-lore says). For centuries they have been the natural salt-works of the aborigines and MIexicans for more than a hundred miles. The little Mexican towns are interest ing - in one, at least, you may see the Penitente processions-and your itine rary will naturaly include the superb ruins of Abo and Cuaray. And from Punta de Agua you come down into the strange, hushed, grassy loneliness of the plain, with solitary junipersand shadow like antelope drifting into your ken and out. Toward evening, when the un earthliness of thie whole scene has so penetrated that you feel that nothing could be Incredible-then of a sudden you fall upon a sight which you simply would not have believed if you had seen it three days before. Even now, though you no longer call your eyes a liar, you can hardly take their first word for it. For up on yonder smooth, brown whale back ridge stands the Ghost of the Qui vira. There is nowhere else in the world such a spectre city. Especially when you view it from the higher ground to the east, at dawn or evening twilight, the illusion Is perfect. It is a ghost. Thit was, 0'0 yT0ears ago, Tabira - a town of the Tolnpiros tribe of the Pueblo Indians. It was discovered by Ohamuscado in 15S1: seen by the Espejo in 1582: olficially visited and its sub mission received by Onate in 158S. Sep tember 9, 1598. Fray Francisco de San Mliguel became the missionary of this pueblo; and about 1628 the first church was built. Its ruins are still visible. Before 1650 a new clhurch and a convent were reared-and it is this huge build ing of grey stone, 202 feet front and 131 feet deep, with its great cruciformI temple, its maze of lrooms and passages, its arabesque-carved lintels (unspoiled by two centuries' explosure to the weather), its ponderous walls, that has been thile great mystery to thile unread shephlerd and pIrospector. They have gophered the walls and dug a hulndred feet in the bedrock for buried treasure; and the ,tales that are curcnt of suib terranean rivers, caves full of dia monds, vaults bursting with gold, would put thile Arabian Nights t5 the blush. To persons of ordinary intelligence it seems needless to say thlat there never was any treasure of any sort in any of these old MIexican missions-except the treasures of heroic faith. Betwen 1670 and 1675 the Aplaches wiped out Tabira, and it has never since been occupied. Its survivors fled to El Paso; and their dwindling descendants live near there to this day.- -"Land of Sunshine." 