SKETCHER Wild Country and Wild Tribes.—II. A TOUR IN NORTH QUEENSLAND. (By A. Meston.) As we pass Wey mouth Bay, embosomed in an amphitheatre of hills, a weird stone island guarding the en trance, on the south side a barren, broken rocky point, we see once more the eight unhappy men of Kennedy's fatal expedition, dying there miserably from starvation, with none to help or save. Farther on rises Bligh's "Pud ding Pan Hill," and Shelburne Bay, where Dunn and Luff and Costigan were left to perish; and northward looms a mountain 2350 ft. high, on the north side of the Pascoe, looking down on " Kennedy's last camp." A wild, rough coast, savage and forbidding, but with many a lovely sand beach, and sweet little rivulet, and embowered alcove, hidden away among the shore recesses. I have forgotten to mention N.=ight Island and Loyd's Bay, where Captain Thompson landed the diggers bound for the alluvial rush on the head of the Batavia. The gallant captain ad dressed the assembled gold-hunters in a poetic parting speech, concluding with a "be virtuous and you will be happy" benediction. When they had given him three cheers, and were all safely on shore, he discovered that two of those who had cheered him and left were his own fireman and lamp-trimmer, artfully disguised as wild, untamed bushmen ! The subsequent remarks of the genial mariner were not quoted from any re ligious publication. Returning to Newcastle Bay, we pass the Pascoe River (named after Lieu tenant Pascoe, R.N.), and away north ward on the blue sea are the dark hills of Mount Adolphus Island, rising 500 ft, and; close in to the mainland are the scrub-covered hills of Albany Island, 300ft. in height; and far ahead, away towards New Guinea, on the remote sky-line, are the distinct or indistinct, shadowy shapes of cone-crested islands slumbering peacefully on the bosom of the coral seas. We enter Albany Pass, between Albany Island and the main land ; and on the left hand is a grass covered point with many pyramid shaped white ant nests of red clay ; the spot where "Jackey Jackey," of Ken nedy's pjarty, arrived on the coast, on 23rd December, 1848, and from the sum mit of a rock hailed the Ariel, anchored in the centre of the pass. "He looked very haggard, and told a woful tale." In Melbourne there is a statue to Burke, the man whose headstrong, unreason ing incapacity caused the death of seven men, and ignominously wrecked the whole expedition, of which he was the unfortunately chosen leader. Ken nedy's aboriginal, from the Patrick's Plains tribe, on the Hunter River, was his leader's most faithful friend, the one who stood by him to the death, wept over and buried his dead body, travelled alone through many dangers to Albany Pass, and led the relief party to the rescue of Carron and Goddard, the sole survivors. Had that aboriginal not been one of the party, not a soul would have survived, and Kennedy's fate would have been shrouded in the dark, impenetrable mists that have so far con cealed the fate of Leichhardt, lost for ever in the same year. Poor Jackey ! Poor, heroic savage ! No monument marks your last resting-place, and no poet has yet embalmed you in im mortal verse. Our Queensland botanist, F. M. Bailey, has gracefully bestowed your native name of "Galmarra" on one of the grasses of that wild land through which you travelled in 1848. This grass, Paspalum, galmarra, was found only on the Russell River. Bailey declares it to be a very fine fodder grass, and has grown it in Brisbane to a height of 3ft. Albany Island, which forms the famous " Albany Pass," is two and three-quarter miles in length, with an extreme width of a mile and a-third. The south end is a smooth dome rising to a hundred feet, covered with grafts from sea to sea. The inner shore pre sents a small bay, bordered with black rocks, overshadowed by shrub-like bushes ; while beyond these are gleam ing 'beaches of white sand and sand stone rocks caverned by the waves of centuries, and dark green belts of tro pical jungle fringing the edge of the water, and sloping thence to the crest of low hills rising to 300 ft. On enter ing Albany Pass we have that memorable grass-covered dome on the right, and on the left, after passing the red ant nest point, we come to a dense tropical vegetation, curving into a small bay, while on a gentle rise. overlooking that bay, is old Somerset and the private residence of Frank Jar dine, embowered in cocoanuts and mag nificent indigenous trees, standing as advance sentinels of the dark surround ing scrub, which stretches north to Cape York, and south to Newcastle Bay. When the Hon. John Douglas was re- turning two kldnipped aboriginal women to the Merricahba tribe of Cape Gren ville I accompanied him in the Alba tross, and stayed four days at Somerset. We also went across to Adolphus and Lacey islands in search of a woman stolen from the mainland behind Somer set. This brought me over the site of the Quetta disaster. The point of Mount Adolphus Island (Mori) is just a mile and a-half from the Quetta Rock, which is barely half-a-mile from where the steamer went down. About a score of white-sailed pearling luggers, grace ful as swans, were drifting over the blue waves that rolled across the fatal scene of that awful night—" when rose from earth to sky the wild farewell ; when shrieked the timid, and stood still the brave." From Jardine's house I took a small boat over to Albany Island, and walked to the top of the dome-crested ridge, to see a small group of lonely graves that recall mournful memories from the buried past. A grass fire had burned the wooden railings, and some of the gravestones had fallen. The small cemetery was a wreck. Here on Sun day, 13th May, 1849, Captain Simpson, of the Freak, buried the bones of Wall and Niblett, two of the eight men who died at Weymouth Bay. Jackey stood by the grave and cried like a child. Will no Queensland artist take this his torical episode as a subject and give Chloe, Clyte, and Venus, and other ancient improper females an urgently deserved rest ? There also is the grave of D'Oyley Aplin, the P.M. and Government Resident at Somerset. Also the grave of Mrs. Turner, wife of the Rev. Turner. She died of New Guinea fever; the grave of Mrs. Col lins, who died of sunstroke at Merri man's fishing station, and of Mrs. Ed ward Russell's baby boy. What a leveller is the grave ! The dead are the only true democracy. Man's last stage is the only one in which all can be reduced to the same position. We go back to the site of old Somer set, now overgrown by scrub, tall aud dense as in the days when John Jardine arrived there and camped in a tent where the present boathouse is erected. The first soldiers were twenty-five men from the Royal Marine Light Infantry, under Lieutenant Pascoe ; the first Custom-house officer was M'Clintock, brother of Sir Leopold M'Clintock. The Somerset blacks at that time were not remarkable for their amicable dis position. They speared five of the marines as a protest against occupation of their territory by an armed force. One marine was on sentry duty when he was transfixed from back and front simultaneously. The Myall warriors came in under cover of the scrub, threw their spears, and vanished into the dense thickets. War, once commenced, was maintained with great animation on both sides. Between Newcastle Bay and Cape York the tribes could have mustered a thousand fighting men. Had they united their forces they could have annihilated the whole settlement in a few minutes. There were no quick firing weapons in those days, no Martinis and Maxims, and a combined rush after the first dis charge would have settled the marines, with their muzzle-loading rifles. But the Myalls lacked unity, and they also wanted a black Napoleon as leader. James Howard was speared at New castle Bay and brought into Somerset with spear points stuck all over him. A whole party of white men and friendly blacks were surprised in a hut at Point Vallack, three miles from Somerset, and all were killed. Two bloodhounds, kept as guards, had un fortunately been removed the day be fore. The Somerset tribe ("Gootung") held the country down to Cape York, on the east side. Behind them came the "Cocorugga." From Somerset south to the Kennedy River were the " Yahdigan," and behind them, across to the west coast, were the " Yandi gan," south of whom came the "Um baigan" tribes, a total muster, accord to Mr. Frank Jardine, the best pos sible authority, of 3500 people. To-day there are not more than 100 left, and the whole country from the Kennedy to Cape York is a vast solitude. Nearly all the surviving blacks are employed in the turtle shell or beche-de-mer fisheries. Mr. Frank Jardine is now the sole possesser of Somerset. He has seen many changes since he and his brothers, " Frank and Alick Jardine," the dar ing young explorers, came through from Bowen to Somerset with their father's stock in 1864. Sir George Bowen, in his Cape York trip of 1862, had re commended " Port Albany", as a suit able site for a settlement. Jar dine, sen., was then Police Magis trate at Rockhnmnton, and he was sent up to take charge of the new settlement. The two boys arrived overland at Somerset on the 2nd March. 1864. They had a favour ite blackboy called "Eulah." Poor old Eulah, after escaping all the dangers of 1864, was killed in the slaughter at Point Vallack, but he was amply avenged. Not unattended does his dirk ghost wander through the Realm of Shadows. The scrubs behind Somerset are the home of many wild pigs and wild bulls, the latter being the descendants of the old herd brought over by the Jardines. These bulls are born fighters, and charge with great impartiality at any kind of obstruction. On my way to and from a lovely spot called " Loch aby,"belonging to Jardine, twelve miles from Somerset, I heard the wild bulls roaring in all directions, and saw where they had torn up the ground in some ferocious combat, or charged the huge clay ant nests out of pure undiluted cussed ness. Young Bertie Jardine, aged 12, an observant young person, gave me the following original account of the rivalry between the Lochaby and Somerset bulls :—" A Lochaby bull comes over to spar with a Somerset bull, and gets knocked clean out in the first round. Then he goes back to Lochaby and spars with the ants nests to get his muscle up, and after he is properly trained he comes back and knocks the Somerset bull senseless in the second round." This idea of a de feated bull going away to get his muscle up, and practicing on white ant nests, is sufficiently good to be patent ed. It has the special merit of being perfectly true. The clay ant neste be hind Somerset are 8ft. or 10ft. across the flanges, and rise to a height of 20ft. There are much larger specimens far ther south in the Peninsula. A bull that charges and capsizes one of these clay pillars is generally too conceited to do anything but walk about with his head in the air for a week after wards. Wild pigs have a paradise in that region. Their society is a democracy tempered by crocodiles. The hungry saurian follow* up small creeks until they are mere drains, his love of fresh pig making him reckless in his hunt ing expeditions. I saw crocodile tracks miles away from deep water. Just after sunrise of my first morn ing at Somerset I went out in the scrub, accompanied by Bertie, and bagged a wild pig and a rifle bird with a double shot, using B.B. in one barrel and No. 8 in the other. This was rivalling the Indian hunter who was loaded with ball and small shot. He flushed a tiger and a snipe, and got them both with a right and left ! This was a long time ago. Among those who slumber in the "'God's Acre" of Somerset are Captain Archibald MacAusland, who died in 1873; also many Burketown people, who came there with fever in the bad old days of the Gult. The French transport L'Allierle lost over eighty men from fe,yer and cholera on her way from Batavla. Among the deaths on board was that of Madame Boisse, wife of the Commandant of New Cale donia. She was burled at Somerset, the coffin being lowered into a wvH grave during torrents of tropical ram. Frank Jardine Is the sole monarch of all he surveys. A worthy monarch, and a most genial and generous host. He lives an idyllic life, with a charm ing family, in the midst of one of the loveliest scenes in the North. His eldest son is a noble tribute to his parents and the climate. At 15 years of age he weighs 14»t., is 40in. round the chest, and 17Jn. round the calf. This Is probably an Australian record. (To be continued.) 