THE COMING OF THE HOLY GHOST. By Dr. Maclagan. ' He shall lead you into all the truth.' Not merely into truth generally, into all the truth. The truth itself was once for all delivered to the saints, but it lay before them as a promised land into the full possession of which the Holy Ghost would 'lead and guide them. The Holy Ghost had no new revelation to make to mankind. His mission waB that of an interpreter and guide ; He was to speak from Himself ; He was to take of the things of Christ and de clare them to His Church — Christ Himself, His work, His words, and His life were to be the subjects with which the Holy Ghost should deal, interpreting their deep sig nificance, their power, their loveliness to the sons of men. Such an interpretation could not be made at once in all its com , pleteness; it must be gradual and progres sive, proportionate to the needs and capaci ties of successive generations ; age after age His work would still go on guiding the Church and guiding individuals into all the truth, opening up new aspects of the truth, enlarging our conceptions of words and events already familiar, declaring to us their special message for each particular age, building up from generation to genera tion to generation the great temple of the truth. NO ADDITIONS TO REVEALED TRUTH. A single illustration will make my mean ing clear. Another branch of the Catholic .Church has in our own day proclaimed to the world as infallible truth the dogma of the immaculate conception of the blessed .'Virgin Mary. This is manifestly an addition to the body of revealed truth. Nothing but a special revelation from God could have made known to mankind a fact which conld tonly be one of the deepest secrets of His Divine nature. There is no word in Holy Scripture which could give support to such a thought. Without this it could only be at most a pious speculation. But Rome has has given it a place in the first rank of Divine mysteries. It is easy to see what has led to such a step. The gradual de velopment of the cultus of the Holy Virgin, and the adorations addressed to her in the devotions of Rome, demanded for their justification some such idea ofher elevation above the level of even the Highest and Holiest of humanity, and the freedom from the inheritance of taint and weakness which rests on every member of the human family. But we cannot see in this the fulfiment of our Saviour's promise. It is no part of the truth once delivered to the saints, the truth into which the Holy Spirit was to lead the Church of Christ. It is a new Gospel, it is a new wonder of humanity, it is something added t:o the words of the Book. OUR NEED. What we need is an Age of. God the Holy Ghost, an age in which there should spring up and increase a fuller and more continuous sense of His presence with us, and of His personal love towards us so much forgotten. There is no difficulty in thinking of the love of the Father or the love of the Son ; but how many among our people, how many even among ourselves, believe in the love of God the Holy Ghost ? How little do we think of Him as the Com panion and Comforter of our daily lives ? How little do we commune with Hiin in our hearts, or speak to Him in our prayers ? How seldom do we think of Him as an object of our affection ? And yet how patiently, how tenderly has that dear, Holy Spirit shown His love to us amidst all the waywardness and forgetfulness of our daily life 1 There are perhaps reasons why, in the public service of the Church, so few direct petitions should be directed to God the Holy Ghost, but there are no reasons to prevent us from speaking to Him in our private prayers. 'Tls not by the strong in numbers, or in weapons, in skill, That God has won the battles of the earth, But by the single arm that took its power From him alone, in conscious helplessness, Confronted with the hosts of evil here.' 'Tis with the few and feeble that God sides ; The bruised reed or shepherd's sling is all The weapon which faith asks for, when the hosts of darkness mu3ter. — A. Bonar. 