Queen Elizabeth's 4xhost. A REHASKASLE story is published in. the Daily News- of 9 th February,' to J the effect that Lieutenant A. St. Leger Glyn, 3rd (Battalion Grenadisr Guards, has seen Queen Elizabeth's ghost in the i library at Windsor Castle. The following statement was made : by the Lieutenant's mother, the Hon. J Mrs. Garr Glyn, to the Mail investiga tor :—" It is perfectly true that my son has witnessed something abnormal. He was, he tells me, sitting in the library of Windsor Castle reading a book—'The History of Dorsetshire," to be exact. As be read, he became aware of some one passing in the inner library. He looked up and saw a female figure in black, with black lace on the head, falling on the shouldere. The figure passed across the library towards a corner which was out of view as.my son sat, and he did not take much notice, thinking it was somebody reading in the inner room. This was just upon 4 in the afternoon, and an attendant soon afterwards came up to cloBe the place. . My son asked who the lady was who was at work in the inner room, and the attendant re plied that no one else was in the library. My son assured the attendant, that a lady bad just before walked across the inner room. 'Then where could she be F asked the attendant, having ascertained that nobody was in the inner room. 1 She must have gone out of a door in the corner,'^said my son, indicating a corner to which the figure had passed. 'But there is no door,' said the attendant. My sou said nothing about this incident, and did not tbinfc much about it, I under stand, until Mr. Holmes, the librarian, asked him about it, the attendant having mentioned the. matter to Mr. Holmes. Asked by Mr. Holmes to describe the figure he bad seen, my son did so, and Mi*. Holmes replied that my son had seen the apparition of Queen Elizabeth.. Mi*. Holmes added that there were records that this appari tion haunted these rooms, but. Lieu tenant Glyn was the first man iu our time who had seen it. The-:Dean of, Windsor also asked my son about it,: and several members of the Royal family have interviewed him on the subject. As for Mr. Holmes, I am ; given to understand that he has spent - nights and days in the library since, in j the hopes of being vouchsafed a visita- j tion. . J The Hon. Sydney Carr Glyn, tbe famous Crimean veteran, and father of Lieutenant Glyn, here entered tbe room, and upon learning of the topic ! under-discussion, said :—"If my son says he has seen anything, you may take it from us that he has seen it. He is a fresh, honest English boy, only a subaltern, but fond of field sports, like most guardsmen, and, unlike some guardsmen, fond of reading. He wouldn't exaggerate anything * hair's breadth." f. Both the Hon. and Mrs. Carr Glyn gave permission for tbe publication of this statement by their son,' subject to the sanction of Lieutenant Glyn. On Sunday night a telegram was despatched to Lieutenant Glyn soliciting leave to give the Btory on his authority, and yesterday morning came the answer: "Certainly, if you like.—Glyn, Grena diers, Tslay." The representative of the Daily NeW8 next saw Mr. R. R. Holmes, F.S.A., the librarian of tbe Castle, and writes: Mr. Holmes conducted me to the scene of the alleged apparition. He pointed out tbe«hair occupied by Mr. Glyn^wbich stands on the east side of the first room, and I seated myself in-it. Immediately before me was a large globe/looking past which a few steps lead up into a gallery, the sides of which are lined with books. On tbe south side of the gallery—which was built by Queen Elizabeth, and used by her as a picture gallery in which she was accustomed to walk, and where she devised, or. reflected upon, those masterpieces <>f' statecraft which have made her reputation what it is—stands a fine chimney-piece, over which a bust of the " "Virgin Queen" looks down somewhat severely upon the spot where her shadehas been so recently seen. Mr. Holmes says that this gallery has had the reputation of being bannLed by tbe ghost of Qjueen Eliza-, beth from.time out of memory. His own recollection of the- story dates from 27 years ago, and he has been- in the habit of spending Hallowe'en in the gallery for several years in the hope of encountering her deceased Majesty. He had heard some rumor to the effect that the Empress Frederick, had, when a child, seen an apparition in the -gallery, and on her visiting Windsor next week hopes to secure some corroboration or denialoftba romor 