THE RED ROOM. (From "Thirty Strnnqr. Storitii" by H. Q Wellt.) 'J CAN assure you,' said 1, 'tlmt it will take a very tangible ghost to frighten me.' And I stood up before the lire with my glass in my hand. ' It is your own choosing,' said the rami witli the withered arm, and glanced at me aBkance. ' Eight and-twenty years,' said I, 11 have lived, and never a ghost have I seen as yet.' The old woman eat staring hard into the fire, her pale eyes wide open. ' Aye,' iihe broke in; ' and eight-and-twenty years you have lived and never seen the likes of this house, I reckon. There's n many tilings to see, when one's still but eight-and-twenty.' She swayed her head slowly from side to Bide. ' A many things to see and sorrow for.' I half«Buspected tbe old people were trying to enhance the spiritual terrors of their house by their droning insistence. I put down my empty glass on the table and looked about tbe room, and caught a glimpse of myself, abbreviated and broadened to an impossible sturdiness, in the queer old mirror at the end of the room. ' Well,' I said^ ' if I see anything to-night, I shall be so much the wiser.' ' It's your own choosing,' said the man with the withered arm once more. I heard the sound of a stick ancl a shambling step on the flags in the pas sage outside, and the door creaked on its hingedas a second old man entered. He supported himself by a single crutch, his eye% were covered by a shade, and his lower lip, half-averted, hung pale and pink from his decaying yellow teeth. He made straight for an arm-chair on the oppoBit£ side of the table, sat down clumsily, and began to oough. The man with the. withered arm gave this new comer a short glance of positive dislike; the old woman took no notice of his arrival, but remained with her eyes fixed 'steadily on the fire. 'I said-it's your own choosing,' said the man with the withered arm, when the coughing bad ceased for awhile. ' It's my own choosing,' t answered. The man with the shade became aware of my presence for the first time, and threw his head back for a moment and sideways to see me. I caught a mo mentary glimpse of his eyes, small and bright and inflamed. Then he began to cough and splutter again. : ' Why don't you driuk V said the man with tbe withered arm, pushing tbe beer toward him. The man with the shade poured out^a glassful with a shaky arm that splashed half as much aigain on the deal table. I had scarce expected these grotesque custodians. There is to my mind something inhuman in senility, something crouching and atavistic; the human qualities seem to drop from old people * insensibly day by day. The three of them made me feel unoora fortable. * . ' If,' said'l, ' you wj|l show me to this haunted room of yours, I will Aake myself comfortable there.' The old man with the cough jerked bis head liaek so suddenly that it startled me, and shot another glance of his reJ eyes at me from under the shade. ? There's a oandle on the slab outside tbe door,' said the man with the withered arm, looking at my feet as be addressed me. ' But if you go to the reel room to-night ' ('This aight of all nights 1' said tbe old woman.) .You go alone.' ' Very well,' I answered; 1 an J which way do I go?' ' You go along the passage for a bit,' said he, ' nntil you come to a door, and through that is a spiral staircase,' and half-way up. that is a landing and another door covered with baize. Go through that and down the long corrWor to the end, and the red room is on your left up the steps.' ' Have I got that right?' I said, and moved toward the door. As I did bo, the old man with the shade rose and staggered tyund the tabje, so as to be closer to the others and to the fire.. At the door I turned and looked at tlieui, and saw they were all close together, dark against the fire-light, staring at me over their shoulders, with an intent, ex pression-on their ancient faces. 1 Good-night,' I said, setting the door, open. 1 It's your own choosing^ said the man with the withered arm. * I left the door' wide open until' the oandle was well alight, and then I shut them in and walked down tbe chilly, echoing passage. I must confess that the oddness of these three old pensioners in whose charge her ladyship had left the castle, and the deep-toned, old-fashioned furni ture of the housekeeper's room in which they foregathered, affected me in spite of my efforts to keep myself at a matter-of fact phase. They seemed to belong to another age, - an older age, an age when things spiritual were different from this of ours, less certain; an age when omens and witches were credible, and ghosts beyond denying. Their very existence was spectral, the cut of their clothing, fashions born in dead brains. But, with an effort, I sent such thoughts to the right-about. The long, draughty subter ranean passage was chilly and dusty, and my candle flared and made the shadows oower and quiver. The echoes rang up and down tbe spiral staircase, and a shadow came sweeping up after me, and one fled before me into the darkness overhead. I came to the landing and stopped there for a moment, listening to a rustling that I fancied I heard ; then, satisfied of the absolute silence, I pushed open the baize-covered door and stood in the corridor. The effect was scarcely what I ex pected, for the moonlight, coming in by the great window on the grand staircase, picked out everything in vivid black shadow or silvery illumination. Every thing was in its place ; the house might have been deserted on the yesterday instead of eighteen n.onths ago. There woro candles in tho sockets of the sconces, and whatever dust had gathered on the carpets or upon the polished floor ing wus distributed bo evenly as 10 he invisible in the moonlight. I was about to advanco, and stopped abruptly. A bronze group stood upon tho landing, hidden from mo by the corner of tho wall, hut its shadow fell with marvellous distinctness upon the white paneling, and gave mo tho impression of some one crouching to waylay me. I stood rigid for half a minute, perhaps. Then, with my hand in the pocket that held my re volver, I advanced, only to discover a Oanymede and Eagle glistening in the ' moonlight. _ I .The door to the1 red room and the steps up to it were in a shadowy corner. I moved my dandle from side to side, in order to see clearly the nature of the recess in which I stood before opening the door. Here it was, thought I, that my predecessor was found, and the memory of that story gave me a sudden twinge of apprehension. I glanced over my shoulder at the Ganymede in the moonlight, and opened the door of the red room rather hastily, <vith my face half turned to the pallid silence of the landing. I entered, closed the door behind me at once, turned the key I found in the lock within, and stood with the candle held aloft, surveying the scene of my vigil, tbe great red room of Lorraine Castle, in which the young duke had died. Or, rather, in which he had begun his dying, for he had opened the door and fell headlong down the stepB I had just osceDded. That had been tbe end of his vigil, of his gallant attempt to conquer the ghostly tradition of the place, and never, I thought, bad apoplexy bettor served the ends of superstition. And there were other and older stories that clung to the room, back to tbe half credible beginning of it all-the tale of a timid wife and the tragic end that came to her husband's jest of frightening her. And, looking around that large, shadowy room, with its shadowy window bays, its recesses and alcoves, one could well understand the legends that had sprouted in its black corners, its ger minating darkness. I resolved to make a systematic ex amination of the place at once and dispel the fanciful suggestions of its obscurity before they obtained a hold upon me. After satisfying myself of the fastening of the door, I began to walk about the room, peering round each article of fur niture, tucking up the valances of the bed, and openiug its curtains wide. I pulled up the blinds and examined the fastenings of the several windows before closing tbe shutters, leaned forward and looked up the blackness of the wide chimney, and tapped tlfe dark oak panel ing for any secret opening. There were two big mirrors in the room, each with a pair of sconces bearing candles, and on the mantel-shelf, too, Vere more candles in china candlestioks. All these I lit, one after the other. The fire was laid an unexpected consideration from the old housekeeper-and I lit it to keep down any disposition to shiver, and when-it was burning well, I stood round with my iiack to it and regarded the room again. I had pulled up a chintz covered arm chair and a table, to form a kind of barricade before me, and on this lay my revolver ready to hand: My precise examination had done me good, but I still found the remoter darkness of the place, and its perfect stillness, too stimulating for the imagination. The echoing of the stir and crackling of the fire was no sort of comfort to me. The shadow in tbe alcove, at the end in par ticular, bad that undefinable quality of a presence, that odd suggestion of a lurking living thing, that comes so easily in Bilence and .solitude. At laBt, to assure myself,'I walked with a candle into it and satisfied myself that there was nothing, tangible there. I stood that candle upon the floor of the alcove, and left it in that position. By this time I was in a state of con siderable nervou»lterision, although to my reason there were no adequatpycause for the condition. .My mind, however, was perfeotly clear. I postulated quite unreservedly tjgat^ riothing supernatural could happen, and to pass the time I .began to string some rhymes together, Ingoldsby fashion, of the original legend of tbe place. A few I spoke aloud, but the ecuoes were not pleasant. For the same reason I also abandoned, after a time, a conversation with itself upon the impossibility of ghosts ana haunting. My mind revested to the three old and distorted people downstairs, and I tried to keep it upon that topio. The sombre reds and blacks of the room troubled me; even with seven candles the place was merely dim. The one in the alcove flared in p draught, and the fire-flickering kept the shadows and penumbra per petually shifting and stirring. Casting about for a remedy, I recalled the candles I had seen in the passage, and, with a slight.effort, walked out into the moonlight, carrying a candle and leaving the door open, and presently returned with as many as'ten.. Tfieae I put in various knick-knacks of*" china with which the room was sparsely udorned, lit and plftced where the shadows had lain deepest, some on the floor, some in the window recesses, until at last my seventeen candles were so arranged that not an inch of the room but had tho direct light of at least one of them. It occurred to me that when the ghost came, I could warn him not to trip over them. The room was now quite brightly illuminated. Even with that, however, the brood ing expectation of the vigil weighed heavily upon me. It was after midnight that tho candle in the alcove suddenly went out, and the blxck shadow sprang back to its place there. I did not see tho candle go out; I simply turned and saw that tho darkness was there, as one might start and see the unexpected pres ence of a stranger. ' By Jove !' said I aloud ; ' that draught's a strong one 1' and, taking the matches from the table, I walked acroBB the room in a leisurely manner to relight the corner again. My first match would not strike, and as I succeeded with the second, something seemed to blink on the wall before me. I turned my head involuntarily, and saw that tha two candles on the little table by the fire-place wereexting.iiahed. I roeo at once to my feet. ' Odd 1' I Baid. ' Did I do that myself in a flash of absent-mindedness. I walked back, relit pne, and as I did so, I saw the candle in the right sconce of one of the mirrors wink and go right out, and almost immediately its com panion followed it. There was no mis take about it. The flame finished, as if the wicks had been suddenly nipped between a finger and a thumb, leaving the wick neither globing nor smoking, but black. While I stood gaping, the candle at the foot of the bed went out, and the shadows seemed to take another step toward me. 1 This won't do !' said I, and first one and then another candle on the mantel shelf followed. .What's up?" I cried, with a queer high note getting into my voice somehow. At that the candle on the wardrobe went out, and the one I had relit in the alcove followed. ' Steady on!' I said. ' These candles are wanted,' speaking with a half hysterical facetiousness, £nd scratching away at a match the Vhile for the mantel candlesticks. My hands trem bled so much that twice I missed the rough paper of the match-box. As the mantel emerged from darkness again, two candles in the remoter end of the window were ' eclipsed. But with the same match I also relit the larger mirror candles, and those on the floor near the doorway, so that for a moment I began to gain on the extinctions. But, then, in a volley there vanished four lights at once in different corners of the room, and I struck another match in quivering haste, and stood hesitating whither to take it. As I stood undecided, an invisible hand seemed to Sweep out the two candles on the table. With a cry of tenor, I dashed at the alcove, then into, the corner, and thep into thewindow, relighting three, as two more vanished by the fire- place; then, perceiving.a better way, I dropped the matches on the iron-bound deed-box in the corner, and caught up the bedroom candlestick. With this I avoided the delay of striking matches; but for all that, the steady process of extinction went on. It was like a ragged storm-c|oud sweeping out the stars. Now and then one returned for a minute, and was lost again. I was now almost frantic with the horror of the | coming darkness, and my self- possession deserted me. I leaped, panting..and,j dishevelled, from candle to candle, in a vain struggle against that romorseless advance. I bruised myself on the thigh against the table, I sent a chair headlong, I 'stumbled and fell and whisked the cloth from the table in my fall. My candle rolled away from me, and I snatched another as I rose. Abruptly this was, blown out, as I swung it off the table, by the wind of my sudden movement, and immediately the two remaining candles followed. But there was stilHight in the room, a red light that staved offjhe shadows from me. The lire 1 Of coutse I could still thrust my candle between the bars and relight it! I turned to where the flames were, still dancing between the glowing coals and splashing red reflections upon the furniture, made two steps toward the grate, and incontinently the flames dwindled and vanished, and as I thrust the candle between the bars, darkness closed upon me like the shutting of an eye, and crushed the last vestiges of reason from my brain. The candle fell from my hand. I Aung out my arms in a vain effort to thrust that ponderous blackness away from me, and, lifting up my voice, screamed with all my might once, twice, thrice. Then I think I must have staggered to my feet. I know I thought suddenly of the moonlit corridor, and, with my head bowed and my arms over my face, made a run for the door. But I had forgotten the exact position of the door, and struck myself heavily against the corner of the bed. I stag gered back, turned, and was either struck or struck myself against some other bulky furniture. I have a vague, memory of battering myself thus, to and fro in the darkness, of a cramped strug gle, and of my own wild crying as I dar ted to and fro, of a heavy blow at last upon my forehead, a horrible sensation of falling that lasted an age, of my last frantic effort to keep my footing, and | then I remember no more. 1 opened my eyes in daylight. My head was roughly bandaged, and the man with the withered arm was watch ing my face. I looked about me, try ing to remember what had happened, and for a space I could not recollect. . I rolled my eyes into the corner, and saw the old woman, no longer abstracted, pouring out some drops of medicine from a little blue phial into a glass. ' Where am I ?' I asked. 11 seem to remember you, and yet I can not re member who you are.' They told me then, and I heard of the haunted red room as one who hears a tale. ' We found you at dawn,' said he, ' and there was blood on your fore head and lips.' It was very slowly I recovered my me mory of my experience. 'You believe now,' said the old man, 1 that the room is haunted ?' He spoke no longer as one who greets an intruder, but as one who grieves for a broken friend. 1 Yes,' said I, 1 the room is haunted.' ' And you have seen it. And wc, who have lived here all our lives, have never set eyes upon it. Because we have never dared. Tell us, is it tiuly the old earl who " 'No,' said I; 'it is not.' ' I told you so,' said the old lady, with the glass in her hand. 'It is his poor young countess who was frightened ' 'It is not,' I said. 'There is neither ghost of earl nor ghost of countess in that room; there is no ghbst there at all; but worse, far worse ' ' Well Y they said. .? ' The worst of all ihp, thioes that haunt poor mortal man,' said I; 'arid that is, in all its nakedness-Feart., Fear that will not have light nor sound,-tbatiiviU not bear with reason, that deafen*, inndj darkens, and overwhelms.. ,It followed); me through the corridor, it fought *gaiipti . me in the toom-r-' . I stopped abruptly. There,;was .an interval of silence. My hand went.io my bandages. * Then the man with, the ,sbaditjsjgbc6L and spoke. 'That is it,',gaid.ihe-m*I knew that was it. A Powet.of DarkneW To put such a curse upon, a woman I.,It. lurks there always. Yqu can feel it even. in the day-time-even of a bright sum mer's day-in the hangings, in the cur tains, keeping behind.tfou,howeveriyou, face about. In the dusk ,jit creepsalong. the corridor and foUowswu, -sp that ,ygu dare not turn. Theren Fw,w room of hers-black, JearrrrAjjd,iUieB(t will be so long as this house of sin, endures.' ? ? 