A MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. Case Investigated by a Score of People and vouched for by a Prominent Mem ber of Parliament. Locomotor Ataxia Long Considered In curable by the First Physicians of the World has at last been Conquered. A Great Victory for Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. (From the "Australian Workman,") Otn Thursday afternoon, our representa tive made his way to the hunible home of 1Mr. Thonmas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. IIe was discovered nursing a two- year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Al though pale and beating still the marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, lie said : " You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an oppor tunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with all accident; I was badly scalded while takiing a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual developmentof the malady, 1 was forced to give up my billet at the Globe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" "Simply indescribable. The pains weresomuething terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part o: me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisanuce to myself and everyone else. I was.inceswtiitly shiver. ,ing. and shakjng; an4cm icould neither eat :nurslee~i. On the 23rd Maarch last I saw a well-known dd~tor ancil'he told me that my case was utterly hopele..s. However. he gave me an\order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of that order?" " No ; I canoe home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt thenthat it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and, did all he could, by opiumn and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five, or six weeks. He canme to the conclusion thatlwas suffering from froconiotor ataxias or Progressive locomotor ataxia,;a disease, of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show thatmcdi cal opinion is not infallible). Well, just as a drowning mant will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for.Pale People. I read in the advertise= mnent of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as thouigh nothing was the matter with mte. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weesk, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and amn gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutche a there! They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." " He is 100 per cent. better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had comie in and taken the baby on her knees. "TThe Pink Pills have saved his life, and made anuothe man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten ye.rs younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. " I ca:n now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come hack in mny legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, anid you know 1 have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I ant better to-day than I have been at any tine during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whaltever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in te. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise front an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was seen by.our reporter in connection with the reruarkable case of Tlhomas Jarvis Mr. M'Goweu says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he' had to give up his work at Glebe Island abat toirs twelve months ago, owing to it manlady which hlie developed He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He uuderstood Jarvis sas refused ad mission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronouuced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore like everyone i else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' P'ink Pills are obtainable I front all leading chemists, or froit the Dr. f Williams' Medicitie Coy., Quget's Piate, I Sydney, who will forward (los& paid) on roeipt of stamps orpot order 1Ia foi uIk. t4rnt ,&1mW 