A GREAT ROHG ; K. OR, THE MtYSTERY OF BR OK HOLLO IF. 4IANGE. dlIPirgCE'iI 1X .-.(CoN'nt~e u) .f As the queen wills'" , , At the same. moment a footman entered with the morninig mail, which he plahecl be side the baronet's plate: "'' , "Are there any letters for me: to day, Sir Geoffrey ?"'Miss Trevethon deunanled, with marked emp.hiis. "If so, I hope you will iet me have thehm 1 It isriather dangemuos work; L shouldsa say; for even an guardian to tamper with his ward's letters P' :: . Sir Geoffrey arched his brows in well. bred surprise.. i "- ilt is' indeed, omy dear," he ansnwered. S Burely you do not mean to insinuati: that I would tamper with myi ward's letters? As. suredly youtir ll :lave- your-letters, Miss Trevethon.. ?Here they are I" -. - - Leore'receive;l them-two or three from London, one from Fern Hill, the seat of her chaperon, Lady Halatenad, and another from Scotland, bearing the Piedmont postmark. She gave a start, and her face flushed hot with shame, Here.was her letter at last, and she had accused her ouardian ofinterceuting it. She toos it open with trembling fingers, snd ran over its contents. \- A brief, but exceedingly courteous epistle, Ambrose Gerhart acknowledged the receipt of.her letter,'nd would take great pleasure in assisting her, He thought, nay, he was sureytbat heheld the key to the mystery of which her letter spoke. lie had lived in the neighborhood of Bilack Hollow Grange allhis life, and he had discovered many things re. lative to that wierd mansion, of which he had hitherto deemed it unwise to speak. -Even now, he feared t~trust-what bheknew, upon paper.: It would be wiser and safer to all concerned for Miss Trevethon to make a second visit to the HIaunted Manor. He would 'be at' her service at' any tinme, any day she chose to mention 'If 'she saw fit to come on Wednesday, the fourteenth,lor any.day following, until the close of the week, he would be there in waiting,,and on any oiefol these,days'Miss Treveihon would find a carriage at Piedmont to convey her to the Grange. .,His mother's cottage was near aInd, to, where- nrshwouldu-w eceiveevery attention. In conclusion, Ambrose Gerhart subscribed himself her-humble' and devoted servant, and begged;'if'Miss Trevethon pro. posed coming, she would do so without de. lay, as in a few days important matters would compel him to leave for London., Lenode's. heart.beat with excitement, as she read and.re-rcad'"this letter. ilt was a daring step for a ycung girl to make such a! journey alone';' but as we have already hinted, with all her beauty and her gentle breeding, Miss' Trevethon was something of1 a madcap. Almost instantly she decided to SShn arose, and placed the letter in her pocket' . ' ..... " If you will do me the kindness, Sir Geofl frey; I. would like the pony carriage ordered round at oice."' ' I Sir Geoffrey bowed profoundly as he rang I the helbell; S'The pony carriage, James, for Miss Treve. then," he'commandedt ; then turning to his ward, "Lenore, my dear, you are surely notI leaving Lyndith Hall ? It is all a jest to worry-me." " "1 am leaving Lyndith Hall, Sir Geoffrey, as I told you I shonld'l I may return again to claim my few'effects, or I may older them' sientttome.. In' any lease, Sir Geoffrey; I re. peat it, our relations are ended for ever, and I bid yoi good-morning."-' . : : ; She sweptiont of the breakfast:room with aregal bow. : ;" , 1 : :':,t - As ise queen wills," muarmureei thile baro. net, bowingin :his turn; but as the door closed upon his imperious ward he broke into a chuckling laugh;.:. "*' " What a little fool she is," he chulckled: " like all' other' women I How :readily she swallowed the bait I She fancies she ha es caped me I Well, well:lwe shall see. As the queen wills I Ha, ha I' .: ' Send Clotilde," .commanded'Miss Trove. then, as she entered her dressing.room, and in two minutes Clotilde came, her face doubly aged and wearing the hue of death. . S"Poor Clbtilde, how ill and wretched yon look," cried her mistress. "I am sorry I 'was so harsh to you yesterday. I have the letter I expected, and I beg your pardon if I accused ,you wrongfully. There, we are ifriends again, and I want you to dress me at :once. I am going on a journey." S" Miss Trevethon, do not go I", implored *Olotilde. : "Oih, dear, I must, so do not fret, Clotilde.' Dress ine quickly; that's a good soul. I'll ,ear my brown mohair and my sable cloak, for the air is keen this morning," "Miss Lenore, do not leave Lyndith Hall," continued Clotilde, her eyes piteous in their imploring ngony ; "or if you do go, let it be tb Fern Hill. Don't-" The young lady's scornful laugh inter. rupted her. " To Fern Hill-to Lady Halstead's. Thank you, no I One season of her chaperonage was sufficient. I want to be free, Clotilde not Lady Halatead's prisoner.. There, there -not another word I Dress me quickly, and don't cry. I must catch the train, for I am going to Scotland, Clotilde." The woman uttered a gasping cry and fell on her knees at Lenore's feet. "Oh, Miss Lenore, I entreat you not tc go," she cried, wringing her hande, "'Take my advice, and go to Fern Hill," Miss Trevethon turned from her impati ently. " I must dress myself, I see, since you are not obliging enough to assist me. If you were not looking so wrctchedly-ill,-lotilde, I should scold you soundly. Have I not said that I will not go to Fern Hill. But cease weeping, you poor, silly soul. I am not leav ing you for good. You shall take care of all my treasures until I return, and perhaps by that time you will have changed your mind, and will cheerfully go with me ?" But Clotildeshook her head in despairing sllence. " My hat no', apd my sables, and an extra shawl," continued her mistrest. "There, I am all ready, and I hear the carriage coming up the drive," And with a nod and asmile the young lady passed out of the roam and went down to the waiting carriage, "If I had dared to tell her I Ah, Heavenl if I could have saved hor--my poor, pretty Miss Lenore I" gasped Clotilde, pressing her ghastly face against the glass and watching the carriage as it rolled away. CHAPTER X. pETRAYED INTO THE TRAP. " Perhaps I ara itking , yery rash step," mused Miss Trevethon, looking 'freis the uhr window at the distant Highland peaks white with snow. " This a wild journey for a girl like me to make all alone. And what a dis mal afternoon it isl We'll have the snow thick abeut us ip another hour; and I have heard that these hlghland storms are furious. But I most go on, in spite of wind or weather. for I am determined to fathom that awful mystery. As the afternoon waned, and the winter storm gathered and darkened, the lovely face and brilliant eyes lost something of their wonted vivacity. siTe so~ i rei and drew her sables close, straining her eyes to catch a glimpse of the hills beyond which the lHauntedl Manor l' I hope that promised carriage will meet me at Piedmont," she thought. "This is certainly a dreadful evenin': for a journey. I am almost sorry now that I came. Sooeair Ambrose Gerhart will not fail ieel Ilrcal ling his face, and the service lie did me that night, how can I doubt him I And lie says he holds the key to the mystery I Shall It be able to lift the cloud of disgrace from my poor mother's name? If so, I shall regret nothing that it costs me." Iter cheeks bloomed with excitement, her eyes filled with tears, and her heart gave a Tejoicing bound, as te thrain carte to a sand ien halt and the shrill voice of. tho eon?l ?a tor was beard uhoiting: Piedmont Station I" +1; She arose, guither~eil o?-hr 'z-rii?'?n 'd pussed out to the platform;: The snow was fauling rapidly,, and, the miutry dark. ness had already; set in ; but before Leniro.e bad time to look about her ;: la'd touched' " Please, ma'am, areTyou MissTreve - thoal" '"I am Miss Trevetbon." :"Then coine this way= please: Yonder' the carriage, and Mr: Gerhart's ailing."' Lenore followed, him witihout an .inquiry', r .a doubt. About twenty yards distant stood a closed carriage, with a pair of stout gras, arid nas the'young lady drew near ak' man enveloped in ahuge. cloak suddenly appeared aad threw open the door of the ebhicle. ii "Let me avsist you, Mies Trevethon. W ?eI are having! wild weather to-night," he said, ! hurriedly, as he'glaepeil her arm. :::; And before she could utter a word in an., nwer-almost before she knew what was o occurring, Lenore found herself in the car riage, and the door closed upon. her, with a sharp snap. " One minute, if you please, Mr Gerhart," she cried, seizing the knob: of theldoor and', trying to open it. But the door Was loiAedl "All right, Miss Trivethon I" a rocnking voice answered, and. in another breath the horses dashed off at full speed. i ;: -, ? " Great heavens I what does this mean ?" the girl exclaimed,l hiBr cheeks 'whito vith terror, as slie fell back upon the cish ions. - ; . " But in the next instant her fearless spirit allied, and shbe bounded to her feet. " Driver;, stop the horses this instant. I comniand you." she cried, sbakingvigoronsly at the carriage door. Only tie wild Wail of the winds, and the rear of tihe gathering storm answered her, and thinugh the' pitchy night, which had fallen suddenly, the carriage rattledl on at a reckless pace. - She caliled again and' again, and beat against the 'panels, till her delicate hands were bruised, bhut all to no purpose. The carriage did notstop,and only tile winds and a burst; of exultant laughter answered her, She eat down in the chill darkness, the snow beating fiercely against the thick glass of the carriage window; sit down, calm and silent, but with a dreadful. presentiment creeping overher.. ' What could itmean I Into whose handsl had she fallen?. Not for no instant did she believe that Ambrose Gerhart,. stranger though he might be, would take such a ter rible advantage of the trust she had reposed in him. Butwho was her driver, and where was she going 1. , She saw now, as. she had not seen before,. how rush and foolish she had been, to place herself in such a position, and her proud heart thrilled' tumultuously, as she realised her peril. On wedt the flying horses through the storm, which seeped to gather strength and tary with every succeeding minute, till the igirl felt as if she mnest go mad in her terror a~nd suspense. So deep was thewinoter dark ness, so weirdtnd ild'tihe- howlfings of the storm, so.mad the speed of the horses, that. ,a she tor; along Lenore began to" fancy'thati she had fallen into the power of some terri ible.supernatural Thing, which was hurrying, her'on' to hwift, and sure 'destruction. SShe had dared to pry into the secrets of the Haunted Manor,-and this was her punish ment. .. In the midst of these wild fanoies, the car. riage'came to a sudden halt. In a twinkling the door was thrown open, and the figure of the cloaked man confronted her. " Here we are, Miss : Trevethon, at our ajourney's end. Give me your hand, please.' The giri arew back, shuddering with terror. Something in her voice of this unknown man 'curdled the very blood in her veins. " Whb are you,sir '' she demanded," and why have you brought me' here ?" ' To solve the history of the, Haunted Manor," replied the same voice.'i ' And in another instant, Lenoro was seized ppon liodily, and lifted to the groundd. - The darkness was impenetrahle 'the snow bsat fierc ly in her face, and the violent wind shook her like a reed. , :; , : But she tore herself free of the man's grasp, all'the blood inr her veins tinkling with in. dignant aoger. - ' '' ' ' ' "Touch me again, at your peril," shd panted. "!Whoever you are, yore shall suffer for this night's .work." The inan's only answer war a laugh-a taunting, mocking, exultant laugh. Then, while the :.bewildered girl' stood straining her eyes in the vain effort to pierce the deep darkness, he took a whistle from his breast and blew it shrilly. In the'space ot a minute; another Whistle, faintly heard above the clamor of the storm,answered from some point above. , . .. :"All right; our friends are waiting to welcome usn.' Miss Trevethon, will you ,come .I" "No, I nill not go," she answered. "Then I must carry you, that's all." In a twinkling, the huge cloak enveloped herelike a pall,and she was caught up and horne away at a rapid pace. She strove to free herself, but the arms of her captor held her like iron. She shrieked aloud for help, but the heavy garment stifled her voice, and, in her impotent anger and terror,she remembered, with a pang, that, in the hurry of her departure, she had uninten. tionally left her little jewelled dagger on her dressing-table at Lyndithl Hall. Little use it would have been, however, for she was utterly powerless in her unknown captor's hands. He bore her on, asif she were an infant, up a flight of snow- covered steps, under an arched entrance, and into a wide hall, the stone floor resounding beneath his heavy and rapid tread. I'oor Lcnore was breathless, and almost senseless, and again the foolish fancy pos sesied her that some awful demoniac being had her in his power. She had heard the re sounding echoes of the flagstones, and knew, by the lull of the winds, that she was being borne into some sort of habitation, but the heavy cloak which enveloped her head shut her in utter darkness. A door opened and closed, another and another, and then the man, who held her in his vice-like arms, set her on her feet n' ' resroved the cloak which had enve:,; her. "How, Miss Trevethon, here we ar right. That was an uncommonly neat j. bringing you here so nicely, it was, Jove I" For an instant, the girl reeled giddily, but in tile next her indomitable spirit rallied. She. was in a lighted apartment, but several secounds elapsed before she was able to dis tinguish one object from another. When she did see, the first object that met ler affrighted eyes was her guardian's face. Hle bowed to her with m;cking courtesy. '" Lenorc, my dear, I am glad to welcome rut. We scarcely dalured hIrope for youtr crrl ine this wisl night, but here you are, Ibch. lroud,'mjy son, draw up a chair ror Mias T'revethon." The girl turned, and looked at the man who had brought her thither, and a low cry escaped her lips. Sao beheld Sir Geoffrey'" son l" His dark eyes flashed with brutal triumph at the sight of ler terrified anazenment, and he burst into a peal of uprroarious lauhitcr. "Olidn't know me, (rlt you, .,liss Tr've. thonT' he questioned, mockingly; "lAh, I deceived you Tery cleverly." Lenore ntood silent an instant, and then her bltie yes eg uan to-rite?thrnrrd goiam .- "Richmond Trcrethoa!" she cried, her bosom heaving with the tumult of herimpe= rious anger, "have you dared--" "01 course I have, my dear, he inter. rupted, " dared to 1 kse myself your pro. tectore Haturarlly crusghn, toq, I take it. When a man sees his betrotlhed wife running wild over the country, it is natural lie should follow and take care of her, Anld,by the way, Coz," lie ad led, with a diabolical laugh, "you haven't that neat little dagger on hand to-night, have you r" She turned from him in wordless scorn. "Sir Gesfitrey Trevethon," sire said, ad. dressing the smiling, baronet, "perhaps you will give me a plain anawer1 What is the meaning of this? Where am II . ty'rlcrd ciIldo yoTnoetlk flnow fton ar'tte at t lntIodti ' Sno"r,`of corse. You wished to come here, .Celieve." A,thrilbiplrtontt able horror;shook'the girl from head to foot pd lshe glanced about her with distcnilNl' eyes. tThe apartment was large, anid mast, atsome timb;have been 'used as a library, for the dusty, shelves still ontanced afew" volumes, muLthereowere~ some tattered hangings and other articles of: ?irniture faded with age.? "Thie lainitiie Manor ?'she: repliatedf in a husky whisper. -.Th'is t iitheuated Madoor.,my dobr.:" bowed thie baroner. " You see'nssosnnious to investigate it mysteries anilIaim always so willing to indulge you. As the queen willi, ron know 1' .., Ilcr'glorins eyes beganito flash hgain, and the rich l'color'le.aped to her clihks. o . "Sir Goedtri.Trieethoon."she cril, the full , trtih of I?er sitia?tion' tI?sini upm hbar, ' you did intercejit n .risileirsu then f ' " I did. inleed, my da r," replic; hergnaro. lian! '1 always make it a (ioint iever; to' lore" a womran wen i ean lec;ise her ; and you harv' been' veiry 'ieoiilydeceived, s you must confess l'~hiu lid not thiink for a ninute tbt I would sultffr yiu to Ibe meeting ll sorts of los-bri d men,; Ahbr.se Gerhart,. for instance ? .Of course, as your guardian, [could not." " " Whby am.I here ? "Why was I [male a prisoner and brought to this place" L:aoree; demanded.' The baronet's; son made answer withea nocking laihgh: A .') .' )i M'SIy dear, your qestion brirg; .s to the point." replie;l Sir tie'icfrevy: "'ire here to celebrate your marri.?e with ;iy sun " Lenore's heart grew. hinitit;iithia lier, as shs stootdin the dusty ol-troom, wtli the o mereliess:faces of her two'mortal enemieis looking down upon her; bilt,her recal sel[ possession did not.fail, or her ashing eyes talter. Sice made noanuswer and her g"ar lian went on. :;? J"r "'Ages ago it wasi a customs with the Trevethons to celebrate t'eir natrrianrs at this old place, ant th 'idea struack 'mo that you might fancy' idviiing tti'ancie:t eus tome If I remember rigehtly, your greit'; grandfather was married in this very room; and his bride, we are told, was'the loveliest lady on whichi the English' sun had ever shone. But I'll wager she was not one whit lovelier than yourself." . . Utter consternation deprived Lenore of the power of utterance, and her guardian went on a . , ? was sure it would please you, revering al lthe old c?stoms of your race as you do, to celebrate your nuptials at, the lsaunted. Manor, and here we are. Richmond, throw. open the door, and giveo Miss Trevethon your., a r m , ". , , . The young man opened a door to his left, disclosing to the amazed girl an adjoining'. apartment which seemed in the. dim light to be hung with funereal drapery.In the centre of this room ,stood a table. and beforel it a dark-robed clergyman, with an open prayer-. hook in his hand ; and.just behind him a woman whom Lenore recognised, with a thrill. if relief; as Clotilde. ; Come, my. dearest," eaid.RBicahmrnd, at. temlpting to.take.her hand, i" submit• grace fully to the inevitable, and let the ceremony proceed at onle." ; k' ', ' She wrenchedbrielf away from hbi??l her eyes flashing lightning. "Do not come near me, I command you," she cried. '" Touch me at your p.cril." The'young man laughed insolently. "Ahi, riy: little tigress, you- ould show your claws, eh ? But evena tigress may be tamed. Come quietly now; you most sub. : mit to the tying 6f the knot." m[i s Te6ethdn turned her indignant, glance upon he baronet. ' Sir Geoffrey Trevethon,^ she said, her ,oice codl and `ivedry, "if you have decoyed .me here:for the purpose of frightening me into at marriage with your son, rest assured yodi bies'bid your trouble for nothing. As I told you in the beginning,'I tell you now, [I will not marry him. I will die here where 'sland ratlher than speak the words that will ,make me his wife. "And ydu, sir,'!c she addeld, clenching her white hand-anid setting 'her teeth, "only let me regain my' freedom, ,and you shall pay. dearly for all this." Thoebaronet laughed "eoftTy"--.- ",tegain your freedom, my dear." he re peat?r. *.Myl near Lenore. you; are not at alt likely,to befree for sume 'timi't come inless you pay the required price for your liberty. Listen to me, Miss Trevethou. We have no time for theatricals. The night is passiuig away, and wei must get out' of this :,li ghost-trap and be on. our road to Paris 'efore the day dawns. So listen to reason itw,'like a sensible girl. As I:told yon be. rore, it is not likely that that' I shall'eliii tInish tlhe hopes of a life:time,'and see my soui cat off from his rightful inheritance, all be-' 'ause of an idle whim on your part. You mre Richmond's wife as it is. You. were inarried to hiim;at your father's wish in your ihildhood, and you are commanded by your /ather's last will to hold that marriage sa. ,red.'! . * She laughed in his very face, in superb and rarless scorn. "I repudiate that silly ceremony of my oath," she exclaimed ; " and you will find t a little difflicult to force me to submit to -our wishes." ' The baronet's smiling face had changed in Sfearful manner. It was livid with sup. ressed passion, and his eyes glared like those •i a wild beast. "*We'll seel " he answered, in a low, !ireatening voice. "That clergyman there, ld the woman who is to act as witness, are 'oth mine, sworn to my service. You marry iy son and to-morrow's dawn will see you on 'our way to Rome, and to-morrow's' pap?ra .ill announce the alliance." "Bat if I refuse, as I do, Sir Geoffrey, 'hat then ?" interrupted her fearless voice. ' What then ?. isten, Miss Trevethon, ,od you shall hear. 'If you refuse, the cere. 'iony will proceed all the same, and the wit "u s will sign the certificate. The sole dif rence, SMiss Trevethon, will be this: The :oman Clotille is bound to my interest, vl1 she will accompany you and Richmond i the altar, and afterwards will certify to .our suddln death in foreign lands while con, my dear ward, will be immured in the ilack well of this " Haunted House" which youwere so anxious to see. No suspicion will attach, added Sir Geoffrey,with one of his dia. olical sneers, to the advent in a few months of Richmond Trevethon without his young wife in whose right he heirs the vast estates :f the Trevethons,!' T.enore'0 courage waned, and her cheeks ;«:w pale, despite all her natural fortitude as she realised the fiendish cunning of those in whose hands, by her rash journey, she had placed herself. She glanced towards her guardian, Sic Geoffrry's face wore an aspect of lambent acorn and triumph combined ; she turned towards Clotilde, as one woman in deadly peril will to another : tihe poor woman stood shaking in every limb, her hands clasped in agony, her bloodless face blanched in her utter despair ; and then Lenore's eyes lighted upon the /sc/do clergyman who stood line a mocking demon, book in hand. "No., my dear'" questioned the baronet with an amused smile, "don't you see what the result of ay 'intrigues' is to be '" " As you are so obstinate, your demise will be reported from Rome, and all that I have schemed for will come to pass. As for youl ha, ha I we shall see." IHe seized her by the arm, and drew, or dragged, her across thel room. Then, liftitn the thick, black arras that draped the wall he ran his hlind along the surface of the oaken panelling, and, lo ! there was a aharp click, and a douor slidi slowly aside, as it hby magic, revealing a black void, which looked Tike ihe entiance to a rogion of impenetrable darkness. TO BE CONTINUED. E.iitor : '*oeo it p:ay to anlvertise i:n my piap:r ? Well, . should say it ldoet. Ictb at Sutlthl. tlhe' grocer, for instsne. H1 i ad vertiled for a boy last w'eek, ani the very next day Mrs. Smith had twins-both boys i" We cannot afford to waste or ignore or despise anything; for howeveri oseless it may nappar to our short-sighted vision, we know not what treasures of future growth and ad. rancement niay be enfolded within It, or how readily it may respond to wise cul; tolr Pinted and published by the Proprietors, BKen d: TaoMSoN, at their Oce, }68 4 7Q QOeenQbernob treet, North Melbhoran, TELEPHOIE l1q0, 