Til Mil HIM, CHAPTER XIV. IiOyB-ltAKINO. A diamiil March afternoon, an earth bard as iron, with a black front, a wild wind troubling the gaunt trees, and howling mournfully around tho old housft. A desolato wintry afternoon, threatening a storm ; but despite its ominous aspect, the young people of Danton Hall had gone off for a long sleigh-ride. Reginald und Kate had the little shell-shaped cutter ; Bonn, Ettny, Mr. Howard, jun.t Mies Howard, and Doctor Frank, in the big three Beated family sleigh. Amid the jingling of silvery bells, poala of girlish laughter, and a ohorus of good-bys to the captain and Grace, standingon tho _t_ . .. _i. ? j.i ? i ? i j ? i._a Captain Danton and his housekeeper spent tho bleak March afternoon very comfortably together. The fire burned btigbtly, the parlour wag like wax work in its oorfect order j Grace, with her sewing, ?at by her favourite window, Captain Danton, with the Montreal True Witness, sat opposite, read ing the news to her. Grace was not very pro foundly interested in the political questions then disturbing Canada, or in the doings and sayings of the Canadian Legislature j but she listened with a look of pleased attention to all. Presently the ?captain laid down his newspaper and looked out. ' Tho girls and boys will be caught iu the st»rm, as I told them thoy would. You and I were wisest Grace, to stay at home.' Grace smiled, and folded up her work. ' Where are you going P' uakod the captain. ' To get the remainder of this embroidery from Agnes Darling. Do you know what it is ?' ,, 'How should IP' 5 ' Well, then, it is a part of Miss Kate's bridal 'Outfit. Juno will soon be hero, although to-day does not look much like it.' She went out and descended to the sewing-room. All alone, and Bitting by tho window, her needle flying rapidly, waB the pale seamstress. ' Have you finished those bands, Miss Darling ? Ah, I see you have, and very nicely. I ant ready for thorn, and will take them upBtaira, Are these tho sleeves you nro working on P' Mies Darling replied in tho affirmative, and Grace turned to dupart. On tho threshold she paused. ' You don't look very well, Mjbh Darling' she ?aid, kindly ; ' don't work too late. There is no hurry with the things.' one reuuruau du hud £j»ij.ui, vruuro vaptaiu Danton, who had become vcrv fond of his house keeper's aociety of lata, still sat. And Agnes Darling, alone in thecozy littlesewing-room, worked busily whiU the light lasted. When it grew too dark for the fine ombroidory, she dropped it in her lap, and looked out at the wintry pros pect, The storm that had boon threatening all day was rising faBt. The wind had inoreaaod to a gale, and shook tho windows and doors, and worried tho trees and went shrieking off over the marshes, to a wild gulf and rushing river. Great anowfiakas ilutterod through, tho luadon air, faster and faster, until presently all wan lost: In a dizzy cloud of falling whitenis. A wild and desolato evening, making the pleasant little room, with itu rosy fire and -carpet, and pretty furnituro, tenfold pleananter by contrast. A blank and terrible ovouing for all way farers—bitterly cold and darkening fast. The seamstress snt while tho dismal daylight faded drearily out, hor bunds lyim; idlo in hor lap, Her great, melancholy dark eyo» fixed on the fast falling onow. Tho toketiB of nioknoas and sorrow lingered more marked than ever in that vrastad form and colorloea face, nnd tho ruddy glow of the firelight fliokorad on tho mourning dress. Woary and lonely she looked at tho dying day. Presontly, above the nhrieking of tho stormy wind, came anothnr nound — tho lond jingling of sleigh-bells. Dimly through tho fluttering whitn nesB of the enow-storm aho saw tho sleighs whirl up to the door, and thoir occupants, in a tumult of laughter, hurrying rapidly into tho house. She could hear those merry laughs, thosa feminine tones, and th9 pattoring off gaitered foet up tho Btairs. She could hoar tho deeper voices of the gentleman, as thoy stamped and shook tho snow off their hatn and great-ooafcs in the hall. Sho listened and looked out again at tho wintry twilight. ' Oh 1' she thought, with weary sadness, ' what happy people there aro in the world ! Women who lovo and are beloved, who have everything their hearts dosire— home, and friends, and youth, and hope, and hnpplne&s.; Women who soarooly know, ovon by hoarsay, of such wrotohod castaways as I.' .Sho walked from tho window to tho fire, and, * leaning against tho raaatel, fixed hor oyos on the flickering flame. 'My birthday,' sho said to horself, ' this long, lonesome, drsolato day. Duoolatt ai my lost life, as my dead hoart. Oulytwo-and-twonty, and all that makes llfo worth having, gono already.' Again she walked to thu window. Far away, and pale and dim through tho drifting snow, she could boo the low-lying sky. ' Not all I' wivb tho better thought that cumo to her in her bitterness ; ' not all, but oh 1 how far away the land of cost looks 1' She loaned against tho window, as sho had leaned against tho mantul, and took from her boBom tho looked sho always wore. 'This day twolvomonth he gave me this— his birthday gift. Oh, my dnrling 1 My husband ! whora in all tho wido world aro yon this stormy night P' Thoro was a rap at the door. She thrust the lo'okot again in hnr bosom, ohokod baok the hys terical pasBion of tears rising in her hoart, crossed the room, and opened tho door. Her visitor was Dootor Danton. ' I thought I ahould find you horo,' ho said, on ' toring. ' How aro you to-day, Miss Darling? Not very woll, as your fiiuo plainly testifies. Give mo your hand— oold as ico ! &Vy; doar ohild, what is tho troublo now P' At tho kindness of his tone she broko down sud Sho' had boen alono so long, brooding in eolitudo ovor hor troubles that uhe had grown hystorioal. It wanted but that kindly voioo and look to opon tlw floodgates of hor heart. Sho oovorod Uor face ' with hor hands, and broke out in a passionate fit Dootor Frank lod hor gontly to a aeat, and stood loaning against thu mantol, looking into tho dying flro, and not spnalting. Tho hyetorios would pass, ha know, If sho woro let alone; nnd whon tho Bob bing grow lonii violent ho spoke. ' Yuu Hit iilono too much,' ho oaid, quiotly ) ' it is not good for you. You must give it up, or you will bruak down altOKeahor.' ' li'orgivo mo,' mild Agnoa, trying to ohoko back tho BohB, ' I nin wouk nnd misflrablo, and oannot help it. I did not moan toory now.' ' You aro alone too much,' ropoatod tho dootor j ' it won't do. You think too muoh of tho past, and despond too muoh in tho present. That won t do clthor. You mHBt givo it up.' Hli calm, authoritative tono soothed hor somo °rho toara fell less hotly, and sho lifted hor poor, ^?VanTvory fooliuh, but It is my birthday, and I oould not help ? ' ' - ; l She broko down again. ' ' It all comes of bolug an much alono, repeated Dootor Frank. ?? Ib won't do. Agnes, how often must I toll you no P Do you know what thoy say of you In tho liouno P' ' No,' looking up in quick alarm. ' They nooiiBo you of having something on yonr ?mind. Tho servant* look at you with .neploion, iiud it nil cornea of yonr love of solitude, your bZjoo ahd oadnuDo. Givo it up, Agnes - glvo it *«' Dootor Dauton,' nho orlc-d, pltooualy, ,'? what 4 an I do ? I am th« mont unhappy woman in all tno ( Worl 1. 'What o»n I do P' ' There is no need of your being the most un happy woman in the world ; there is no need of your being unhappy at all.' She looked up at him in white, voiceless appeal, her lips and hands trembling. ' Don't excite yourself — don't bo agitatod, I have no news for you, but I think I may bid you hope with safety. I don't think it was a ghoBt you saw that night.' She gave a little cry, and then sat whita and still, waiting. , ' I don't think it was a ghost,' he repeatad, lowering his voice. ' I don't think he is dead.' ?She did not speak ; she only eat looking up at him with that white, still face. ' There is no need of yonr wearing a widow's weeds, Agnes,' be said, teaching her black dress; ' I believe your hu&band; to bo alive.' She never spoko. If her life had depended on it, ehe oould not have uttered a word ; could not have removed her eyes from bis face. ' I have no positive proof of what I say, but a conviction that is equal to any proof in my own mind. I believe your husband to be alive ; I believe him to bo an inmate of this very house I' He stopped in alurm. She had fallen back in her chair, the bluish pallor of death overspreading her face. 'I should have prepared you bettor,' ho said. ' The shock was too sudden. Shall I go for a glass of water P' She made a slight motion in tho negative, and whispered the word : ' Wait !' A few momenta' struggling with her fluttering broath, and then she was able to sit up. 'Are you bettor again P Shall I go for the water ?'' 'No, no! Tell me ? ?' She oould not finish tho sentence . ' I have no positive proof,' said Doctor Danton, 'but the strongest internal conviction. I believe your husband is in hiding in thiB bouse. I believe you saw him that night, and no spirit.' ' Go on, go on!' she gaBped. .. . . ' You have heard of Mr. Kicharde, the invalid, shut up stairs, have you not P Yes. Well, that mysterious individual is your huaband.' ' She roso up and stood by him, white as death. ' Are you euro P' ' Morally, yes. As I told yon, I have no proof as yet, and I ohould not have told you so soon had I not seen you dying by inches bofore my eyes. Can you keep up heart now, little despon dent?' Sho clasped her hands over that wildly throb bing hoart, still not quite sure that ehe had hoard aright, ' You are to keep all this a profound secret, said the doctor, ' until I oan make my suspicions oertaintiea. They say women cannot keep a aeoret ; i-i it trne P' ' I will do whatever you tell me. Ob, thank Heaven, thank Heaven for this 1' ? She had found har voice, and the hysterias threatened again. Dootor Danton held up an authoritative finger. ' ' Don't !' ho said, imperatively ; ' I won't have it. No more orying, or I shall take baok all I have said. Tell a woman good news, and she criaa ; tell her bad news, and she does the same. How is a man to manage them ?' He walked across the room, and looked out at the night, revolving that profound question in his man's brain, and aa unable to solve the enigma as the thousands of his brethren who have peiplexed themselves over the same question before. After stariug a moment at the blinding whirl of snow, he returned to tho seamstress. (To be continuotf.) , 