k SYDNEY IIKACLE. INVESTIGATION BY A RE ' : ; PORTER. The'Interesting Case of Mr Thomas Jarvis, who says than a few weeks ; ago he was Crippled—Partially Paralyzed, Suffering from Loco motor Ataxia, and Helpless. Doctors, Hospital Authorities, and every one said ho must Die. as his Case was Hopeless. But they were . mistaken. To-day he is a Hew Man,{full of Life and Energy, his Crutches lie has thrown away, his Dead Limbs have Lifcjiis Appetite .has Returned, and. in fact, lie has a Hew Lease of Life Out and Out. So much interest has been shown by pur renders in this marvellous case that we have published the facts again ns tbev apric *red in the Australian Work man a few weeks ago :— One aftornoonour representative made his way to the Itouse of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old babv, and his face declared him to be the'happiest man in Sydney. • He was. \- - up and. about and able Jo answer , tho \-----knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : “You want to know all about my case ? Weil, I ant glad of an op portunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who were stricken as I “ How long were you suffering ?” “ Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About live years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-strcet, Syd ney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after Four years of gradual development of tiie malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.” “ What wc:o the symptoms ?” “ Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as:if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was inces santly shivering and shaking, and could neither cat or sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that tnj case was utterly hopeless. Howevor, he gave uie an order to the Director of Charitable In stitutions.” •i Did you make use of the order ?" “Ho ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt thou that it was al! over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the. ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did ali be could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I wa3 in. I wna under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive loco motor ataxv, a disease of tho spinal orrd, characterised by peculiar distur bances of gait and difficulty in co-ordi nating voluntary movement?.. He told me that I might last, Tor ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that . medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure | effected in the case of another boiler maker in England, which I read in the “Australian Workman,” by Dr Wil liams’ Pink Pills for Palo People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I deier _ mined to give tiie Pink Pills a trial any way, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though, nothing was tho matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for •many a day. It was incredible. I im mediately left the bed and was able to more about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during tiie. past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can wnlk about with the aid of ti stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here ? They were made for me before 1 got Dr Williams’ Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don’t want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. Yon sco 1 am rapidly regaining my strength. ’ . “He is 100 per cent, better, said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken tbe- baby on.'her knees.. , ‘t Dr-Williams ^W’pjnk Pills bare saved his fife, and made '"’"another man of him.” • A friend who called in at this point, said that Jervis looked ten years youn ger that day than he did a fortnight pre viously. “ I can now,” continued Jarvis, “have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to re sume work as a boiler-maker, and you know J have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have bee.n at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. ■ Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out-here.” Snch is the remarkable history, and confirms what is said. in all the chief newspapers of this country of the aston ishing cures wrought by Dr Williams Pink PJls for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disesse, also the many disorders Which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as nnsBtnia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weekuess, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, &c.; These pills are a tonic, not a purga tive. They are geunine only with the full name, Dr Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers generally, or the Dr Williams’ Medicine Company, Queen’s Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s 9d, or half-dozen for 14s fld. 