THE CRIME AND THE * CRIMINAL . BOOK IV.—THE CRIMINAL. (The Author tells the Talc.) CHAPTER XXXIII. JTK. 'TENNANT SPEAKS. heri I saw her!" . "KonVoT that now. ' You'd "better come quietly. .. '. Mr-. Term ant! looked . at the warder who spoke. ^Ylch.the.assistance of his colleague tiejmiii was hurrving him along in a fashion whicfir even at, that moment of amazement and of,horror. In some subtle way reminded liitrt of his'school days. *' I. sa w her," he repeated. " So'son might have done; nobody ears you didii't. ~"Only don't.letVlave any fuss." The man spoke as one might speak, not illnaturedly, but" with the superior wisdom of a senior to .a fractious child. Air. Tennant knew that taewasijot. understood 1 ; that it was no use t» attempt to make himself understood. His .mind was in j a chaos. What was he to do? ' -'„•: •. It had come to him. in a flash of revelation that he had been made the subject of some hideousm'ockery, the'victim of some malevolent-plot ; that he' tad been racked and reracked lor'nothing at' all; that he had stood his trial for the murder of a woman, who, all the time, was actually alive ; that the law had committed'some'grotesque blunder; that he had'been-condemned to be hung for another personVerime. What'wsishe todol He tfiil iothing till he went back asain in KaoV-oo the condemned cell this time. Nobodv jhad told him, but he knew what it was. He 'knew.that 'here along'line of murderers had;awaited theirfate, that here he would be kep^, nntil. tie was huug. Anatural shudder shook-him as he realized that they were'about to thrust him into his last abiding-place of the damned. He felt that if lie did'not speak so as to make himeelf understood before they had him fast in there lie would.never have a chance to speak at all— that if "thax door clanged upon his silence hope for l|im would -have -died with its clangour. ' Hetumed.to the "warder. " I wish jtbfeee'theGovernor." " You can't-see the Governor now." I, must!',-Listen to me." He tried to restrain his emotion, to hold'himself in hand. '' Some extraprdinary error has taken plapo. Just as I was -leaving the Court I saw the woman whom.I.am charged with having killed:? The warder stared, _as if inclined to laugh. ''.Iam not qiad, nor am" I dreaming; nor did 1 see a ghost- - I saw this woman. She was as much :.alive..as . you or . I. She was among a number of'other women on the bench near the Judge. She stood up and she stared at ,ni&. I saw ier. as plainly as I see you. There .,has, : beensome astounding - mistake. T-eH-the-Governor that I must see mm a.t once nr it.wUl be teolate. ,If , you do not tell him my blood may be "upon your head." ".JUltieht." ; . ' The warder clanged the door, and went. Mr. Tennant was left alone in that abode of tlie -haunted.' Would, "the man tell him? Would the Governor pome?; Wouid he listen if he came? Would they. BtirA finger? Would they believe him?- Would,therjay tho dightest attention t» anjtuing^at^hesud?. It would have" been ; hard enough to hang belipving her dead,-although he had not killed her. but now .that ,he had seen her standinir up and lookup; at him and smiling at IUB sgoaj.——!_. ,_'f '•. _ Tins explained' the .two ghostly visitations. It was not *a ghost. it was ^herself, lie had seen.: this tame' neliad been suffering the agonies- of the'. dainned, and she Kad .been laughing jn ber'slgeyel How she must have enjoyed .the play;! . Oh; what a fool he had beep-1 .5- 1 ; ' What wag tha't? - Was tharfootsteps ringing on the etone pavement aloug the vaulted cor-, ridor? He'Hstoned.', It wse somebody going, nbtcomijig.., "Suppose Ae Goyernof would not come ! - fib-ring it and" inake-asoe]ie,-4^Bd'-jn'tliat way-emphasize the ei^fression of hi^,desire? If he could succeed in-io otfor-'wayie-would try that. It was aine that was : precaous.' Every moment that ^^p^e^&^k^he.harder. - If they had . ?nly«|ven-liim^u> opportunity to proclaim the ^ijttan'e.^e9itityr-Hf ';they. only had? H lie \- ionjcl ^on^pigW;:.. Jiack mto. the Court, even aow^'^dJsT^ her bpfore she again vanished v WonldjtheGovernor, not come; . .. "Then he would ring the bell and wake the echoesof the pnson,_apd keep on zinging until tjiej-iei.tber .disconnected the bell or put hino' into irons. ^-ffler'wtHild not hang without -a itrnggle iibwl;: He'would ring at once." i Ahl There *as some :one coming. ' * Tw- opersons. ;. He cauld hear two separate tramp irani^oiie ^falling a little behind the The dbprwas opened. It was the Governor. .'rYoutmshtpeeeinE?" "-I'd^afi^; ;-'• ; • Again-Mr.^rennant.tned to master himself. : io\ bold 'Jbiin^ttiiafhand.. He realised to the •full,and>a^rjp3ate in the -day, -how. mnch mirfithmge iwpon.'luE".being able to preserve paj6eiia5"otfBBnd. .. .VA'Ji^dp'^iia wish toBay?" - ,. '•-i-wjshjto•sayAaiJt'b.e wpman whom.I am <^aig^mtbi^ving.in^rdered was actually in^e'Cotfrfc® 1 ' -'It i&Bot.flonfeense.; It is the simple truth. I Eiw herflspfaiiJy asT'see.you.-' 1 Th e Gtjyprnbrjeyed hi m with what, for him, was.a, Ic^^ - ffeVotaty—unofficially he was one of the softest-hearted creatures breathing. \- Jla^^On't^t^-^ch tolos to'me." • Vlauitellirig vouthe absolute,literaI truth. . IliaralHtfflalonglihat'there was something . about tW medicsd. .evidence-which I did not -nlidwstahd: 'C Th.e .wojrian' they-described was not the woman-whoidlout of the train. Now J jjacfcretand how^t^was. That woman is not .dead.* ^ 13sa'w hE}r,.-jnet now, alive, in Court!. . . *' Why. did , ypu • not -interrup t the proceedings -to say so?" -' '.. "I. did: not see her before sentence was pronounced. : When I did see her I was so astonished before I had recovered sufficiently .frpm 'my .astonishment to be able to j speak the wardbreremoved me from the Couri. I tojd -the wardera who it was that Thad seen-". , • . ''. • . '• J \- The .Gdvernor' observed the prisoner, as it refiec-iv^lyl. Certainly. Mr. Tennant had j bcrameori;a sudden ^different man. He had .lost, his awkwardiiess.He was no longer ill at ease. He.hpld himself erect. His eyes were clear,--hisIgTanoe unwavering. His bear- \- ing was.sipiple-^the-simplidty of the man was wnai.struck oijeVfij6st>>f; all—yet assured. He spoke with a caJtnness, and even with a dignity whiqb, considering that sentence of ignominiojisjdeath iad just-been pronounced upon 'him., could scircely.fail to be impressive. " Tennant, ao-far as jt concerns your fate, . whatever jou may.-have to Bay will be without effect.- For-you in this world there is no -hope'. . You, had' better prepare yourself for the -world which -is . to come. Do not buoy .Jl6urself np:with any hopes that anything you ntay say will prevent the sentenee which has .been;pronounced npon you'being executed. The sentence will certainly be carried out." The condemned, man would have spoken, but the Governor went on. " But the warder has-just told me what you toldliim, and in discharge of what I hold to .be my duty I have requested the detective who has b&en; .in .charge of the case to come •and hear what you may have to say. Here he is."' • And there he ^was—Matthew Holman, the man who looked so like a sailor. .. .Tennant, what cock-and-bull story . haveyou.totell uenow?" \- "None. I-haVB to tell you the truth." is .time." . . Mr. Holman's; tone was biting, his glance . was keen. - Mr. Tfenpaut ra-told the story of his famous journey. . The detective seemed not so much to be listening .to the words he uttered as searching for what might be behind them. '."So you did.know her? What was her • name?" . ;'.' " [ knew her as Ellen Howtii. But she may- have had. half a dozen names before I tneB' heriand eince. 3 ' Tiie detective made a note in his pocketbook. " -. " Where did she live?" " I have .no .notion. As I have told you. before that night I had not seen or heard of • her for years. - ; "Describeher." . .. Mr. Tennant described her. . . .."Yoii' understand -that until" I'heard the 3iedi"cal evidence I supposed that she had been • killed from a fall from the carriage. When I heard what the .doctors liad to say I bepau to wonder.- It-became dearer and clearer to me that thoVcodld not be talking of Ellen Howth. The two -descriptions did not tally. I knew that she wfcs'over thirty, and it seomed incon- %ivable that a medical man could mistake a woman of considerably over thirty for a jrirl under twenty-one. . When I saw Eilen Howth standiuc: up there and smiling at me in an instant it was all made plain." " What' was all made plain?" " Mnny tinners. ' For one, it explained what seemed to,me Jo-be the discrepancies between the evidence, and what I knew to be the facts —the facts, that is, so far as they concerned myself.'.!:.-.'•., . " Where" was the woman whom you say yon sawstanding—tell me exactly." Mr.. Tennant paused - to'. think. The detecl.ive's eyes were on him, and the Governors md the warder's'at the "back. "She-was on-the bench. She was on the tiast row of seats.' She sat either second or third from the-Judge to bis right. When he had prouounced sentence I noticed her rising \nd I.noticed, her remove her veil, and she looked r.t me, T have no doubt, with the deliberate design ol attracting my attention. v ' I believe I noticed the woman to whom yoii refer." This was the Governor. The detective said nothing. He continued to loak at the prisoner for a moment or two in silence. Then from a pocket in his coat he took an envelope. " There is a portrait of Ellen Howth." Ho h&nded; a photograph to Mr. Tennant. ** This is not Ellen Howth. 3 " Then that is." He passed the prisoner a second photograph. Nor is this. Neither of these photographs in the least resembles Ellen Howth. Xot in any one particular. I have never seen the woman whose portrait this purports to be. Of that I am sure." ' It beats me. ray lad, to think how a man circumstanced as you are cau lie to glibly. You know as well as I do. aud indeed batter, that you are holding ill your hands portraits of the poor young woman whose life you took." "That is not so. Neither of these portraits at all resembles the woman, Ellen Hovrth, with whom I travelled from Brighton. If they are photographs of the woman who was found dead, theu it is certain that I had no hand whatever in killing her."' " You have seen those portraits before?" " Never "Do you mean to tell me that no one. neither your counsel nor your solicitor, nor any one else, showed you them?" " I do. You appe-ar surprised." "Itis not a question of surprise. I don't believe yoii." " You cau soon ascertain for yourself that what I tall you is a fact. You must remember that from the first 1 told my solicitor the actual facts. I toot it for granted that the woman who had been found dead was Ellen Howth. Under those circumstances there was no reason why I should be shown or why 1 should wish to be shown her photograph. I have not seen that portrait before. The woman whose portrait it is is a complete stranger to me. Were she here, she would tell you that I am equally a stranger to her. There is some mystery- which at present I do not profess to understand. But of one thing I am certain— that the woman Ellen Howth, whom I supposed was dead, is as much alive as you are or as I am." "Give me those portraits. It strikes me that you are one of those men who will go even to face their God with a lie upon their lips. I don't believe a word that you have said." "Then you wrong me cruelly. I hope, for your sake, as well as for my own, that you will learn that you do before it is too late." The detective made no reply. He went out of the cell without a word. The. Governor followed him. The door was clanged. The condemned man was left alone to get himself, if he could, into a mood in which he should be able to look the gallows squarely and without flinching in the face. The Governor spoke to the detective as they walked side by side. " What do you think of it?" "Queer-street!" " 1 jcertainly noticed myself the woman of whom he speaks. I wonder you didn't. - Her action was most marked. She certainly did cast at him what seemed to me to be a glance of exultant recognition, while the sight of her seemed to fill him with stupi&ed; amazement. I wondered when I saw it what the scone might mean." • " What was she like?" " He describes her very fairly." "If she's still in Lewes I'll leave no stone unturned to find her." " And if she isn't?" "Yon know, sir, that if you give him a chance, a man in his position can always pitch some sort of tale to save his neck. And the worse they are the more they lie like the truth." "That's true enough." The Governor sighed. "If ever a man was found guilty on-the evidence this man was. If he's not guilty, then I'll never again put my trust in evidence; and so far I've generally found evidence that will stand siftinir quite good enough for me. Stili, as I say. 111 leave no stone unturned to find "the woman of whom he speaks." " And of whom I speak." The Governor spoke with a little smile. "Yes, sir, and of whom you speak, too." ( To be continued to-morroir.) 