ANGLICAN SYNOD. THE BISHOPS PASTORAL CHARGE. The forty-third annual session of the Synod of the Church of England in the Diocese of Adelaide was opened in St. Peter's Cathedral on Monday evening. There was a good at- -; tonaanoe-ot tne clergy aad laity. The service *. '^^mw^ with the processional hymn 137, and '?-tiu? ns immediatdr tallowed by the instal >*6anedT)jt£eSeanof Adelaide. The bishop ' ani iSersy: having Wken their places in the dot the kitten of appointment were read by > teaae-forward and'auawaed the tonal ques ? tiiiiiii f""Hr|dHfo)frifHir'^i'W''^' was installed as" & v canon of the cathedral in succession to die late ; Canon Coombs, and tbe Revs. J.Kdd, E. B. Webb, and W. S. Hopcrsft were installed as : htm. canons. The evening service was then performed and the apeaal psalm 68 waesung, after which tbe Isskob were read- by Arch ' deacon Mane. The. "Magnificat, 0 set to J music by Staxner in A,- ins r?p*??^ by the service concladed wiin prey's anthem, being raised from the dead," after Tni"h camethe pastoral address, the dosing hymn being 355. Mr. J. M. Dram presided at . toe organ andSdirected the choir. TEM EABTOBAIJ ADZnOSS. The Bdhop delivered bis pastoral address !? follows:— ; This year in which we bave met together is, whether we view itasGhiirchnien or as citizens, ?t *rnbr an omu sairaMKt/ a year of note. It r w toe thirteen-hundredth anniversary of the *-' landing of St Augustine cm the shores of iKaat H is the nxcetn year in the longest ..vflndsKSt prosperous reign. which the hi?tory ;ofoariaGerecora?—4heraiffn which has wit- an utijiaTffl****^ "7ij%cJiri|??mi:. in the .1 .Scij?sn Empire, the-nsgn of a monarch who I has won the affection ofoerpeople by her.wiee ? heart, her pore life, and her loving regard I far her subjects in prosperity and in ! adveX?ity. Again, as Churchmen, we ? recollect that this year will see die fourth of those Lambeth Conferences' which are taking . their jJ"** in the machinery of. the A i^?Hny~ . whereby to *wv>i **>>ilir?trn her counsels \- aaid_totegnlate her rapid growth. Andwbeo -r-^^n -turn our eyes from the far .off gimip of r.Sslands which {odds the mi*V of our race to th? triwttiiinut of Austealia of which we have Nation so reoent pnwnninp wb rejoice to recog nac that tnia year haa marked a forward Btep ''m.'tvo jpstf. ?<h|ii|wJmwi?ium> movements—~ \--me political, one religions—Federal Canven :; tiaD and Methodist union. lastly, as Chmch ; ".iaen in this dioceee of Adelaide, we cannot 'fbqget tint it was SO years next St. Peter's 1 day what, with bishops for Melbourne, Cape /Town, and Newcastle. Oat wise, master j /bolder, Augustas Short, was set apart m : Westminster Abbeyto be first bishop of this . diocese ; and Oat die jubilee of tie diocese is ; also the jubilee of Bishop Shorfsfceat educa tacmsl creation, Bt Peter's OfJlngiato SchooL \--Snx?fy,lny l>Htliieu, we most rise ib thankful* ? ness and in engmsiaani to the high level of this tmnnAJmc? of annmT?ariffl & spite of the ~: ututiautsd drooghtL which most .impede to ?. „ ..,„.,.,* ? ~fTn nl ?lum?U f"" "'i" 11 o&r; pecuniary enons, we suouiq. > agree to register a mental vow that, God 'helping us, Una Synod shall initiate or com ??*-J&a;^tk IMUm^t|j|n|T.?pirtli?,ll m riwyyufy toCOme \ ?'Msiad -cot as a a^gn of progress worthy >fyT'; >|i-i?M??Wn mn ***mrmt The retZO- Jjipeottni which X have indulged snggest? f icertamobviooadaties-^r?tm relatian to the :? '^Qneatf? ?aat jubilee.' As is only fitting a J -ttanfagrangeervTOto AlnrightyGod will be gywhen the eemee noderealO yeazs ago h> ': West?anster'Abbey will iarmtiiebaedsof oar act of worship. The ooUeoSons throogbont ;, Hm day in the <mthfdral win be devoted to . hnTdmgine great arch at the end of the in completa-nftrn to be associated for all time wi& tias amnqne event. Throoghout tibe ' ilii mm apcaopriate psafana, Vwanm, collects, abooxding toanantiio iiaal famtswhich will j? in *h& hands of the ,; 'jlijijUT rnnmr'HtT'y I feel aare, too, that fiiis jg^jFnoawSHaAe advantegeaf its session to for :^W4J^d-xnspestfd congjcat?ocbons toberUracioos I? lttaM^an Hbe completion of net sixtieth Tear ! .-. The Jurtlinniiiiig Lamb?ft Conferenoe re i?- nanate naof tim growth and trnepoeUion of the Omrch. The Tery ueuussitv for 8 these oonlerence? toetifi?S to tie rapidity of '. while the mntoalrelfltion of the it^uM' f lil/ill ),.— _iU7 , __ ??~ fc2fi? tihai ]pwi?ijJ? of 'oonfolez&tian; witfaoat ?^LSQS&^KndejDEndence winch we j'mAw Mpt to con r djtce inast to Eptrifeial growtii and to approach. ; wst -nearlyi to the primitiv? idea of the ;<ititoiic-CSmrob. --The authority and tie > ffimnationi of a ismfceth Conferenoe cannot S v*et*etter .exanssed* than in the 'words, of h Bsffiop tigh^ot when reviewing in his last jLnA^w'-ijiiMfmi^a Hi. Jegtcf of the liambeth %~Ba3£a?t* ?£ -1888. I give hu actual gjw?kT??g?*r*>--'Way be said': _^?wbs : jnnpnitaCT and very .suggestive ? JnSmmg—pai what' was tbe xmuxxae? r^3^4 it. leave behind any _ result at all iffijiffj^ijr^qpOTitifiiiw did^ ft -trimG, uispasmg for iTTi |if Twfirirt*ft perplexity, l^lt^BP^'''CrWrf?'ffllWl'l>T! -Of tW t^> Tfm.ni. v::JBcp^ tfeaMa^Bg vlocfa God bftftshowzod on our yjjgi|ftlt .Xatmtfc, toons - aordy is - greater 3^yvXoi ij>nn?wtnTft Mali sWilJhh ifjfctiv^ ststentont^ j Tw?Hi jy ?? o? fcto mnrt be ?pmii?ted orex- g^jmn^ faowrgvpT-grafts may ; h?re been i^ Oftggpftjplj^Bi^Bd. IB OumrfM directiy or in ;-~ t^iifimt^Y TffwntJTin that tf*^ffm ; gos?roandaieearai, or Aat thig world Hag ?t aa&r; ensted tor six or seven thousand yeara, tx :[ Oattbe d?ya of crestionara days of Si hoars /.^jsajH^JDE^faas Ujja Soriptoral iniirtt al( itMiSaO.'vcrea -mwin ~mub .wnscenyn^vecy &W;"1 *7 !".i>?' wnose names,a>ey bsan or tnat aUagaryj^rUch men. have coin f.'-'.^nw^Pit'points^ onr Church* nas been silent; '"^^??'iffc zndzv£doslSj ovqi of h^rh bave wr&ten; hastily and in 'B??aUrt of all calaadties, if, at the reoent : >Xamnetii Conferenoe, Ins Cbnrch bad de '?--''^r V*^ *>?y tKj? j??ptin?<. If she had done bo iE Sewonld ? have sown a f?ttSe-crop of tepodia tue and sooterfnge and prevarication for .ftituf? to reap. She has pre ; ferred to confine herself to those grave moral i^ni social qoestians with which oar genera £st?oa r is invited to deal; she has .considered of tiie .different hranches K'of- tbe £3nncn with a (view to the -.' ;?? nil? ill?<?? of hacmony and peaoa; and she *. has snggest?d methods and lines of action -?^j|a? 'Jaiaaddfld no new dogma -on -or on S? ,i2&BT;£ah&a.;~ Thantterano?s of the Tjambsth Qoj?fae?a?areoidywrth6ritatiTe in?o far as ;>?he' judgment of a grave ifrtihwarive body, iiiinHil rM>f i ssTeprescntatzves of om* Chnrch tfiomallpart?Of the earth,speaking and act ? ing <? ttny* of no p^nwp*l" responsi vSty, and seeking to be gmded in all ' 'tilings .by the Holy Spnit, have a : daim to authority. In this sense I do sot ?tappos? that authority will be- denied them!" Ibave given these words of Bishop liightfoot atlemgtti because tbe^eeem to me to express \- 4jw? "temper and tbe ?4i*wuHjwwL|.i?>Q 0{ that branch of the Church" J6 which we belong. ~~ The Sngnsh race has always been attached to liberty. For freedom of action and of thought aha has been content in.t£sM? past to shed her blood. Tto search for truth has been to her an engros?Og' passion; and this p^*j^"*i " ootobbtented, is reflected in that branch of the C3znrch which issues from the Anglo ? Baxon stfMrk* The Ti^*!*1 -' is different; A delights in law, anthoritv, and ui^Tit. even t^M"'K purchased at the risk of tnr— y"1" The prophesy in which her greatest .poet assigns to Boms the instinct of govern ment, applies to the Latin branch of the. Church to-day. Xa regere iwtpmo poptdot, £owiane,^manemto. And the logical result is the doctrine of Papal infallibility. Thisoon ? trast between the temperament of the Angli-1 can a4d the Boman Church resolts ma loss to . the one of definrteness, to the other of das- . '"'?'*" thaQghti arise naturally from -the! reoent Papal Bn? ApodcUmr. atnu, in which' the validity of Anglican orders has been fw*— ma* As yon are of combo aware, this pronooncement was not the result of any appeal on the part of the AngiicaxgCbtirca, acting through her bishops or nerfaooses, of convocation to the Church of Borne to adjudicate upon the validity of her 'orders. There was no reference, therefore, to Some as arbiter, no claim conrwderi to the rirtrimfnt of onr own eecifriagtiral indenen nenee. Nor, again, was there any real hope that the issne would have been otherwise than baa proved to be the case. For the concession of the validity of onr orders would have neces sitated logically the -*?"*?*"_"?????? of the elaborate 'ft"*"*"l nmiiiiirrj introduced into y^MMJ by Cardinal Wiseman in 1850; when the R""??" hierarchy was established with a HetropoTitea See at Westminster and 12 Snfiragan Sees for Enghtnd and Wales. That act had anally decided the tmestion against \rtfj~ri Orders, and decided in a way too paDuo for retreat. Stall, in spite of the fact that the decision was a foregone uuixJumon, cfaafioU is interesting from many points of . view. We rejoice to notice that wb find no orcranent based on the Nag's Head Fable, or oa Bishop Barlow's supposed lack of EpacgjaJ Orders. We hail with sympathy the noble passage towards the end, which in its?cholarly Latin original, contrasting forcibly with the bald periods of the earlier sections, may well haveoomefromthepenof his Holiness familf, a poet and a master of Latin style, where the appeal to a visible unity is affecting in its sincerity. Yet, taken as a whole, tine Bull shows/little of that research for which it claims in its opening sentences*- Over and above the case of John- Gordon, tbe re ordained Bishop of Galloway, it refers to six documents at most, allot which were printed already and nnrygrihla before the Papal Com mission was appointed. Among these, one, an obscure letter of Julius TTT- to Cardinal Pole, forms evidently one in a chain of correspondence between the Legate and the Pope, and alludes to the faculties granted previously by letters from his Holiness. Surely we might have expected that theoorrespondenoe would bave been pub lished as a-whole, or at least the faculties specified, assuming that they Btill exist in the Vatican archives. I draw attention to these omissions in no critical spirit, bat simply to show tiie insufficient date on which' the Pope has bis final condemnation. And when, further, we consider that the weapon which baa been chosen to sever the stem of our Church continuity, via^, the temporary omission from oar ordinal of the words "for ,tho office and work of a priest" (or "bishop") after Christ's own formula, "Beoelve the Holy Ghost," cuts off together with us the- whok-'Xastem Cburoh end goes perilously near £cinvalidatmg~tbe suc cession likewise, we must jndff^ admit that infallibility has a serious future before it when it- pronounces upon imperfect historical evi dence and baldly states its reasons. After all, A^jriit^n Jove of liberty, even though attended by Borne vagueness, may be preferable to Roman love of definiteness, purchased at such a price as this. ... I turn from this topic, which presents no charms to me, to consider the subjects which will engage onr attention during onr forthcom ing session. . But a prospect necessitates a retrospect. We can, I think, point with satis f*Mjrm to '-the- legislation- numgnratff^ last year as" denoting '? 'desire to widen the Bcope and efficiency of oar Synodal action. The alteration in the funda mental provisions to extend to women the power of voting for the election of synodsmen, and consequently under the model trust deed of voting at vestries, was passed last session, and only awaits the; confirmation of the special call of Synod required under the fundamental provisions. This will be our first act, and I trust the resolution win be decisively con firmed.. .Living as we do in a colony where female suffrage in politics is already in force, it appears to me to be imperative that we concede similar lights in onr eocle* siasticsl policy, remembering the apostle's declarations that in the spiritual kingdom "there is neither male nor female, but all are one in Christ'Jesus." Again, the wish which I expressed last year for a wider field of repre sentation in Synod appears likely to be realised to some extent by the applications before the election' committee for districts remote from Adelaide. I trust that these petitions will be met by Synod in a liberal spirit. There need be no apprehension lest Adelaide and its suburbs should cease to be the centre of gravity of influence in the rijorewt. But we desire to extend to the -remoter townships tbe feeling ?of ' interest which co-operation in our deliberations cannot fail to stimulate. Taxation should carry represen tation with it, at least to a. far greater extent than has been hitherto the case. Another piece of legislation to which I look back with satisfaction is the addition of a diocesan com mittee to act with the local patronage com mittee in p?"?*"? which shall hereafter place themselves under the model trust deed. Not strong enough numerically to exert a domi nant isfloence, this diocesan committee wul be able .to/secure due coh&idezation; for the claims of hard-working clergy who may be unknown to the local body. This alteration -is of course not retrospective; but I venture to suggest te parishes already under the model trust deed the desirability of ?mwn>Hng afaenr patronage danse so as to avail themselves of it I take this opportunity of rial attention to that part of /he report of standing committee which relates to die regulation of tbe Church of England Endow ment Society. ,Thm nxcellent society, as yon are well-aware, meets sums locally raised for the endowment of any ennrch or district with grants of £30 for every £20 so subscribed, the total grants not to exceed £300. The allocation of these grants rests with stand ing committee, which hitherto has used the "preferential selection1' entrusted to it by the rotes to classify the churches eligible for grants from the society. -In order to meet objections raised to this course stand ing committee hffi decided to substitute a strict chronological order of churches so eligible, which will in future be endowed ac cording to the date of the payment of the .local contributions. Henceforward would-be-donors to churches may rest assured that whether ina ynianimiMy stage OT 38 Si fully-COnStitUted parish the district which they intend to benefit will receive the supplemental grants ae soon as its torn comes, provided that that grant" does not exceed, in one year the sum of £60. The general characteristic of this legislation is that which "tight, I feel, to actoatens as churchmen aad as Christians, namely, the development of our corporate nnity "^ th? extension of the apostolic pre cept—"We that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak, and not to please our selvee." A fresh opportunity of applying this latter principle comes before na, not directly as iegmifttore. but indirectly as ehurehpeople, in the. matter' of the provisions for aged clergy who have spent their strength, for Christ's . Chnrch in - this diooese. The clergy annuity fund is not an insurance society, pure and simple* neither, again, is it a benevolent institution pure and simple. Zt is a combination of both principles. Its income is derived on the one hand from the payments of prospective annuitants, on the other from private contributions and from the ?m?m*i col lections in churches snjoined by direction of the Synod. -Hence it occupies a somewhat anomalous position, and its .present rules are not .without a oertam ambjgtnjy. -_In ftdjuat mifthea.mimfcc/I..mninftWB.-pan,.rime prin eiple, thatjof As number -of yeas' payments hastobebala?oedwith another, that of the number of years' diocesan Perviee. Ido not, however, wish to call attention to this point now. Whatldegireto win ph?mH? is the present piTasuieppon the funds of. the society and the need for immediate and, generous assistance from the laity. Two years ago the number of annuitants was two, now it is five,' and as the available income g not materially increased a. serious redaction in the annuities paid is the inevitable consequence. This reduction of nearly SO per cent, is it is true only tempo rary, but it is serious indeed to those con cerned: and when we consider that they have given their life's work to the cause of phrisf s Church we recognise another application of the doty that we that are strong should bear tiie infirmities of the weak and not to please ourselves. Four determinations passed by the General Synod comenp for consid?ration, aooompanied by a valuable report from the representatives oi this diocese. On the first of these determi nations, entitled "Amended rules for tbe con firmation *"*^ consecration of bishops, 91 a word of (explanation'is necessary, because I notice that the Diocesan Synod of Tasmania- has postponed its """?^**rflti/m p owing to uncer tainty as to the meaning of its language in one important respect. In lines 11 and following to the words occur, "if the Metropolitan .or Pnmate, and the bishops, or a majority of them, be satisfied with the fitness of the person so elected the election . . . shall be confirmed." Now tbe Tasmanian Synod could not decide whether or do the power of absolute veto was by this sentence rmerved to the Metropolitan (or Primate); in other words, 'whether the r*ir??"' "or majority of them" qualified the whole sentence or only the words "the bishops." As this is an important point, I draw your attention to the official report of the proceedings (page B3). where yon wflf notice that an amendment was moved by Canon Potter, thatj the words "acting; together, the Metropolitan or Primate, as the case may be, having a.vote and a casting vote," be Uiaerted after the word "bishops." The in tention of this piopoaal was to make it ctear that tbe Metropolitan (or Primate) had no ab solute veto, bat only a casting vote. This amendment was carried in the House of Re presentatives, but thrown out in the House of Bishops. Accordingly by the coostztotoon of the General Bynod it was lost. The inference, therefore, is that the intention of thedetermi- Bataan as passed is that the Metropolitan (or ?Primate) should have an absolute veto on the riection of a bishop. The three other deter minations need no comment. They are useful, and Ido not anticipate that thej will arouse controversy. The importance of Hhe General Synod of last year does not lie in the determinations carried. As time goes on, and the constitution becomes more established, because' ito value has been fully tested,*we may look forward to leas and less legislation, but more direct results. Less time will be devoted to the machinery, and more to the work which that machinery exists to produce. But those days are yet to come, and the next General Synod will be a meet ing of special interest, for the reports of strong committees on the * question of the Primacy and of tbe legislative powers of the General Synod will be fully debated. One noticeable feature in the recent Synod was the increased enthusiasm displayed for foreign missions, die outcome of which was the practically **"*?" -moos vote to establish at once a bishopric of New Guinea. Mainly through the efforts of the Bishops of Tasmania and Goulbum the guarantee for the bishopta Htiprod has been already raised, and I am glad to notice that our own dioceee has borne its full share in this burden. Exception has indeed been taken to a guarantee for five years only; but the man who would hesitate to accept tbe bishopric on this amount would be lack ing in some of the elements which we look for in a leader. But I desire to see a more thoroughly organised system than exism in this diocese for interest ing Church people, and children especially, in the. mission field generally. We cannot ex pect to have every, year the advantage of a visit from the organising secretary of the board of Tn'rei"n?- May Mr. Bice's stirring account of the claims of Melanesia and New Guinea result in added interest aad more ex tended activity. Two of my chaplains have undertaken to act as clerical secretaries of these two special departments of mission work —Bev. P. WVWise for Melanesia, Rev. L. P. Crawfurd for New Guinea. The Bishop of Tasmania's recent book " The Light of Mela nesia*' should be in the hands of every one who desires to learn what Christianity is practically accomplishing in the i?i?*Ha of the southern seas. ftwuTdo more than instruct us, for it will stimulate our faith in the living presence and power of Christ through the Holy Spirit in the Church. And indeed we need encouragements to confront tbe religious apathy which seems to have settled like a blight upon this continent. Last year we had evidence of this in the result of the referendum on religious education. This ' year over a wider area the Federal Convention tells the same tale. When shall we hare the courage, not merely as individuals but as a nation, to confess the faith of Christ crucified, and to recognise that the God to whom we owe our personal life; is the God who presides over our national welfare also? How often shall that well-known text be mis -1 applied, to chum Christ's fancied sanction of an imaginary distinction between the things of Caaar and tbe things of God, as though i God had abandoned His sovereignty over education orover politics? When shall we learn that therein nothing secular which is not sinful? Christ did not draw a line between the things of Csesar and the things of God. No; He pointed from the narrower soverewnty of tbe one to the universal 6f~ the other. "Ye do right," He said, "to pay 'into Csssr'e treasury what *has issued from Caesar's mint. So far, so good. But what are too yourselves save human coins, stamped with the image and superscription of God? Render then yourselves to the God from whom you came forth." Brethren, tbe immensity of the work to be accomplished would paralyse us were it not that we believe imphcitly in the eternal in dwelling of the Holy Spirit in the Church. We believe in oar credentials, in oar minis try, our sacraments, and our mission. Bnt as long as we allow local interests to interfere with the o^tmhhiWi of the Church, or as long as our idea of that Chnrch is confined to a few "Church families'' who happen to contribute effectively to our organisation, so long shall we fail to carry oat the purpose of our existence. There is still much land wait ing to be possessed. The phenomenal growth of Adelaide and its suburbs within the bet few years calls for a corresponding develop ment in our machinery. I rejoice to realise that, taken as a whole, the existing churches were never better filled, the town parishes never better manned; bat in tbe material fabric" and in the spiritual agents alike we require new extension. Two sites for churches have been already acquired—one by purchase at Hawthorne, another by gift at Eeswick. I trust that bondings wiu arise speedily. Let them be worthy of a Church of high ideals and large hopes.' In chnrch building, the country, in spite of distress and penury, has set a noble example to the city. Mmlaton church cleared of debt and dedicated, a chancel built at Salisbury and the chnrch dedicated, a new church bmlt at Hamilton and con secrated—the gift of Mr. Henry Button, another new , church licensed at Appila- Tamnrie, another again at Port Mac- Dcnnen, a church commenced at Goyder. This is indeed^a satisfactory record 'in this year of South Australia's greatest drought Port Adelaide has built the Tr&fford-Smith; Memorial Churchy Let Adelaide, now show what it can do. We may look for eome help from the Marriott bequest, but not for much. The main part of. our efforts must be our own. Let us oily realise that tbe. strengthen ing of a park is .the strengthening of the whole, and- make this Church extension scheme comprehensive and widely snpported. I am glad to notice that this Synod will be asked to reappoint the committee constituted some vears back on the spiritual condition of Adelaide and the suburbs. Even more than new churches new agents are wanted, if we are to make ourselves felt at all as a spiritual force within this colony. Yes, there is much leeway to be made np; but the ship, I riini^ is going a little f?fa?r now. I observe a reassuring increase in the number of Sondav scholars, while in oar day schools, St Paul's^ Adelaide, school for girls, and the Pulteney- street school for boys have reached their maximum. The KSbum -sisters are doing noble work, and their high school in North Adelaide has leapt to 45, and new pre mises are required at once. St Peter's Col legiate School needs more masters and fresh classrooms to meet the press of numbers. All this is as it should be, for if we are to gain a hold anywhere, let us seek to gain it on the young. Again, the two 'great societies for women—the Girls' Friendly Society and the Mnthfini' Union can register satisfactory progress. Slowly we gather strength; the workers rank in the con flict, but the work goes forward. Chief among our losses is the nestor of the diocese, who passed away within a few weeks of his jubilee, Canon Coombs, the courtly gppfclptnn.,^ the wise friend, the unassuming, patient -worker. The ?ifiU? church of Gawler ?^pH? ag a m<mnm?iit of his steady and self sacrificing labors. Colony as well as church is tbe poorer by the loss of his historic personality, the unique example' in Austral asia of one who held the eame incumbency continually for nearly half a century. Another priest has, after nearly 30 years of quiet work among us, entered into rest —Charles Wrio thesley Hawkins—amid general and deep regret. " Others again, as Rev. W. H. Mndie and Rev. W. A. Campbell, have completed their term of devoted labors and sought a well-earned repose. But as the leaders fall -the ranks close up, the Church re news her youth, the old order changeth, giving place to new; fresh minds bring fresh. ideas out of the great storehouse of things new and old—the treasury of God. Never, I believe, were there more licensed clergy in the diocese than now. Never, I am certain, were they more capable, more energetic, or more ioyal to their ordination vows. Never were more clergy ordained by a Bishop of Adelaide within twelve months (four jjrieste, two deacons), a proof of my desire expressed last year, to en courage as far as possible a locally trained ministry. The ship then moves, the wind begins to fill her sails, only let us pray earnestly not to be self-complacent, not to relax onr efforts. Let our eyes be turned to the im mense amount of opportunity let slip, the crowds untouched by any religious influences, tiie enterprises left undone, our incom plete mthpdntl, our Home Mission Society so inadequately supported. We need more missions such as was held wifh such excellent results at the Buna by tbe Rev. 3. Sunter, to whom my personal thanks are due, such as I trust will be held by him shortly at Port Pine. We want a fuller consecration of our lives by prayer, less criticism of others, more steady bearing of the cross by ourselves. Finally, we want to show that we are not satisfied with a ppmnnal relifdon, but that like the apostles fresh from the Pentecostal gift "we cannot i but speak the things which we have heard and eeeu.* Before many days are over I shall, if God permit, be on my way to England to (take my part in the Lambeth Conference. Believe me, I shall forget that I attend — +Ko p?y???lim?? cS tV? groat. iliiKvy To do so is indeed an honor and a responsibility. Yon will, I know, remember me in your prayers, as I shall certainly not forget you in my own. Less than two years bave we known each other. I had wished that our first parting had not come so Boon; but the period of our acquaintance has sufficed to teach me the warmth of your welcome, the loyalty of your recognition of Church order, and the erhlbitiou of a generosity as spontaneous as it was con siderate. May God be with you all the days until we meet again. 