GENERAL MEWS. According to a scientific journal it is abso lutely necessary to Have a goed memory to become a good naturalist.. Probably after reading the following, readers will not be inclined to dispute ike point :— ' There are 5000 known species of lizards, each' with a different name. Here are four as samples— l'hrynocephalus przewalskii, Cryptoblepharus poecilopleurus, Tracheloptychus petersio, Cordylosaurus trivittatus. The crab family is a, large one, consisting of at least 5000 dis tinct species. Butterflies and moths total 20,000 varieties. The order Dipteva, to which the horse-fly belongs, numbers 18,000 kinds, while of beetles there, are quite K0,000 spscies.' These, it appear*, form only a very small corner of the zoological world. Mr Charles Bouss, the blind millionaire of New York, who offers a million dollars to the person restoring his sight, said to a corres pondent the othor evening — I have received several let* era- from England in response to the news you cabled to that country (hat I will give a fortune to have my sight restored. I hare replied to them, but with no result. Dr. Miller, who has arrived from Atlanta, Georgia, -said he is confident he can cure me. I have little faith now, but I acn willing to grasp at a straw. If t could see again 1 should be willing; to give, not merely one but seven million, dollars, and I could make another fortune, I will give ten thousand dollars to any person enabling. me to see a streak of light for three minutes. The trouble is paralysis of the optic nerve. My offer is a grand chance for a clever scientist to make a fortune quickly. The Right Hon. B. J. Seddon, Premier of New Zealand, receatly visited St. Helens, his native town, where he served his appren ticeship ss an engineer, after an absence of 34 years. He was accompanied by Mrs Seddon and two daughters, and the party had a most enthusiastic reception from some thousands of townspeople who gathered at the railway station; He wa-3 received by a mayoral deputation, and, in response to numerous calls, the hon. gentleman gave an address. After thanking his native townsmen for their hearty greetings he said he was pleased to notice evidence of great progress in that country and in it its material wealth, and expressed hopes that such pros perity was not confined to the few but was shared by'all who had worked for it. He was gratified that the Legislature of the country was taking up questions affecting the social welfare of the masses, and appre ciated the efforts made to provide for acci dents that might occur in their coal mines. In Austria i 'man' and.1' woman' are supposed to be able to be capable of conduct ing a horn* of their own from the age of 14. In Germany the riian must be at least 18 years of age. In Fiance the man must be 18 add the woman 15 ; in Belgium the same. In Spain the intended husband must have passed his 14th year and the woman her 12th. In Hungary, for Roman Catholics, the man must be 14 years old and the woman 12-; for Prctestanft, the man must be 18 and the woman 15. In Greece the man must have seen at least 14 summers and the woman 12. In Portugal a boy of 14 is considered mar riageable and a woman ot 12. In Kussia and Saxony they are a little more -sensible, and a youth must refrain from entering into matri mony until he. can count 18 years, and the woman till she can count 10. In Switzer land the men from the age of 14 and the woman from the age of 12 are allowed to marry. In Turkey any youth or maiden who can walk properly, and can understand the necessary religious service, are allowed to be united for life. ' I have interested myself somewhat in looking up unusual causes oE death,' said a well-known physician, '? and have metseveral well-authenticated instances where fright was the causs. The'English Surgeon-General Francis tells of a drummer in India across whose legs a harm e's lizard crawled while he was half asleep. He was sure that a cobra had bitten him, and it was too much for hs nerves, and he died. Frederick I:, ot Prussia, was killed^by fear. His wife was insane, and one day/she escaped frcm her keeper, and, dabbling her clothes in blood, rushed upon her husband while he was dozing in his chair.' King Frederich imagined her to be the white lady whose ghost was believed to invariabty appear whenever the death of a member of the Royal family was to occur, and he was thrown into a fever, and died in six weeks.' But perhaps the most remarkable death from fear was that of the Dutch painter Pentman, who lived in the seventeenth century. One day he~'\vent into a room full of anatomical subjects to sketch some deaths' heads and skeletons for a picture he intended to paint. The weather was very sultry, and while sketching he fell asleep. He waB aroused by boms dancing around him and the skeletons suspended from the ceiling clash ing together. In a fit of terror he threw himself out of the window, and, though he sustained no serious injury and was informed that a slight earthquake had caused the commotion among his ghostly surroundings, he died in a few days in a nervous tremor. I could cite many other cases where the shock to the nervous system which we know as fright has produced death. The most wonderful deformity in the ?human brain that has erer been noted by the scientists, and made a matter, of record', was that of the phenomenal chess player Richard Rockwoode. Rock woode, it is said, could play 12 games of ches3 simultaneously, but not more, not even being able to begin on the thirteenth. After death his bra'n was carefully examined by skilled anatomists, who found in the region known to phrenologists as 'locality' that the molecules of that portion of the. brain had actually arianged themselves into a combina tion of squares resembling a chessboard, and that each of these squares had certain marks upon it, supposed to represent the final position of the pieces in the last twelve games placed by the great expert while he was blindfolded. The doctors who make this ^ report declare that it is true in every particular, but that the arrangement of the atoms of the brain into the chessboard tquares referred to could only be distinguished by microscopes of the highest power. More than 40 years ago, ; when Sir 'William Dean Bakker made an examination of the brain of Forbes, the ship builder, and reported that the molecules of the brain had arranged themselves (the. 'grey matter' separating from the other constituents of the brain and '; lining up ') into a rude form of a vessel's hull, he was only laughed at. The Rockwoode mvsstiga tion proves that Bakker Knew what he was talkiDg about. ° Artificial noses are very rare in England, the orders never numbering more than five or sis in a year. They cost £4 each, and are modelled in pure silver by an expert, so as to conform with the rest of the face, and are kept in position by a pair of spectacles, without which they are never put on They are tinted to the proper color and enamelled. A certain popular society man, well known in the hunting field, actually wears one over his own nose when riding to hounds, as he is subject to erysipelas in that organ. ' Wooden' legs have been brought to a won derful pitch of perfection with movable soc kets, spring insteps and toes, as well as being constructea witn me utmost; care. meir action depends greatly upon the condition of the stump where the amputation has taken place. The most famous factory in the world turns rout but twelve legs a week, and one o£ the best, would cost £16 and would be made of willow — no good maker uses cork now — grown on the banks of the Kennet, between Reading and Devizes. A complete arm made in the best style, and accompanied by a set of in struments to screw into the palm, costs £12. The hand has spring joints, which hold a book or newspaper, but so far no one has. succeeded in making the fingers open and close at will, though many have attempted it. George Macdonald regards Mr J. M. Barrie as the foremost of the new Scottish novelists. There must be something in the suany air of Greece which makes people so cheerful in spite of themselves that they make even the burial of the dead an occasion festal rather gloomy. Funerals,, at any rate, are. far less funereal, in sunny Hellas than in northern climes. The typical Greek funeral of the poorer sort is led by six or eight men solemnly bearing between them an open coffin in which the face of the corpse is fully visible to pa-ses upon the street. If the bearers oare in Greek national costum« — red caps, whit ?: kilts, knife-pleated, and long white stockings with embroidered gaiters— they certainly look rather gay for mourners. Jf a hearse is used it is not black with heavy plumes, but as gay with gilding and red and white paint as a circus waggon, and so arranged that the face of the corpse is visible.- If the family of the dead' man are rich enough to afford it a brass band accom panies the procession, tesides the group of Greek priests walking by the coffin. There is always a crowd of onlookers, for public notice of deaths and funerals is always given in the town by means of printed cards, posted on the church doors, lampposts and hoardings. The world must have an end as well as a beginning ; and, in all probability the end Will come bv the loss of the sun's heat. There is evidence that the sun will not give out heat sufficient to support life in its present form upon the earth for more than, ten million years, but that epoch is so far ahead that people of to-day are not likely to worry themselves about what will happen then. It is, however, just within the chances of nature (though for the sake of the nervous we hasten to add that it is not at all pro bable,) that the world will come to an end in a more sudden fashion, as was thought by the twenty or thirty Russian fanatics, who recently allowed themselves to be buried alive because they feared to be present at the world's destruction. The crust of the earth is continually getting -thicker, and is thus restraining more and more the vol canic forces of the .interior. The final result of this screwing down of the safety-valve may be a tremendous ex plosion sufficient almost to split the earth in pieces. We are not without evidence that a planet has been destroyed in this way, for between the planets Mais and Jupiter are hundreds of small bodies which possibly represent a former globe driven into frag ments by a series of explosions. Another means by which the world could bs des troyed would be.by colliding with the head of a comet; for the innumerable masses of rock of which the head consists would batter all buildings to powder and burn up the oxygen of the air, so that those who were not kided by the celestial artillery would be suffocated. A similar end would occur if the sun, in rushing through space with the earth and other planets, should come to a region filled with meteoritic matter — and we know that such invisible material does exist in space. It is a trifle disturbing to know that this may happen any day ; but the possi bility is so remote that, it is not worth . anxiety. At Rosdzin, in the coal district of Sile3ia,a part of the town comprising about 50 houses has been undermineu, and is about to. cl lapse. Work an Luisengluck and at the Abendstern Pit, at Rosdzin, has been sus pended for four years. During that time houses above the mines have shown great cracks in their walls, and only a short time ago a druggi-t had to give up his house and shop because it threatened to col lapse or sink into the cavth At last what had long been feared really happened, although a technical commission ©nly lately gave the opinion that no more subsidences would take place. In the afternoon one half of the miners' hospital sank 18in. At 1 in. the morning the other wing of the buildihi? followed salt. Atv the same time- a' dreadful noise as of thunder was heard, and walls, of neigh boring houses cracked, vaults and ceilings of rooms fell in. and the inmates fled in panic with but few npcessaries to the market place. The firemen helped to save household furni ture, but the shops were left to their fate. A numbers of houses five hundred yards or more from the spot where the subsidence had commenced next threatened to fall in, and had also to be deserted. Nobody has been injured, but a thousand persons are homeless. The district waterworks are demolished, and the town of Myslowitz is without water. The' eourse of the River Rowa is blocked, and a pond has formed and threatens to flood the adjacent Georg pit, which is still working. Long, deep gaps have opened in the road. Great quantities of water from the Wildenstein segen pit are being forced through to the Georg pit, the safety of which is threatened in this way also. In the meantime the land slips are spreading in the neighborhood, and more houses are threatened. The sinking is due to inexcusable carelessness in working a mine for years, the abandonment of which had been ordered by the mining inspectors. Houses and roads have been undermined in a most dangerous manner, and half of Rosdzin is at present in danger of sinking. The fissures in the ground are more than a yard deep, and the area affected extends over about 650 square yards. The homeless inhabitants of Rosdzin have now been housed in Zawodzie, near Kattowitz, and other villages. The railway administration has sent 10 covered railway waggons to be used as temporary homes for the houseless families. The inhabitants of the district expect help from the State. The loss in buildings destroyed is estimated at about £100,000. 