Sermon. Beautiful Vision, Duty's Call. By Rev, Waiter Thohtsok. Preached at the Church of St. Michael and All Angela, New Farm, on Ascension Sunday evening, May 30. Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing op into Heaven t This same J eras which is taken up from you into Heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen Him go into Heaven.— Acts!., U. L The words of our text bring before onr minds a most interesting scene. We can picture to ourselves the eleven disciples with upturned faces, gazing while onr Lord ascends. They aro lost to all except the vision of the most beautiful Life over lived. Like the Queen of Sheba watching the ascent of Solomon up into the House of tho Lord until "there was. no more spirit in her," so these men of old felt drawn in heart and will towards their ascended Lord. It is a beautiful picture of devotion. It expresses the con templative side , of life, which the , Asiatic develops and prizes so highly. But soon the spell it broken. There is a rustle of angels* wings, and in a tone of re monstrance we can well believe the words of text were uttered. "Why stand ye sus shall e gazing.*' "This same Jesus shall so come in like manner." How these words would call out the other aide, the practical side of life I How thoy would remind them of their Lord's lust charge, which was to manifest by their activity in preaching, baptising, and teaching their belief in Him. They were to look from the' vision which was beautiful to tho world ■ of men and women so poor, so cheerless, so hideous, by reasou of sin, which was waiting then as now for strong men with great loving hearts to throw themselves into the work of relieving the distress and banishing the evils of sin and sorrow which wring with constant pain that world's heart. This was the work their Lord had consecrated for all time by giving up Hi* life on the' cross in order that.it might bo accomplished. As we look upon the men gazing on the one side, to the angels remon strating on the other, we find ourselves in the presence of Divine truth, which tells us that visions are meant to suggest and inspire I active duties—that every time our hearts are I fired, our intellects quickened, they aro fired! and quickened for work. Brethren, was not j this always so in our Lord's life ? "We think j of Him beside the waters of the River Jordan, I when God the Father 6pobe from heaven, and I God the Holy Ghost came down in the form of a dove; but directly this had passed He pressed on to manifest to tho world His by entering into the wilderness to battleagainst the world, the fiesh, and the devil. "We think of Him again in glory on the mount of transfiguration ; but directly after came the difficult case of casting out the devil from tbe lunatic child, whichHis disciples could not do. AVc think of'Him in the Garden of Gcthsemane, when angels came and ministered unto Hiin, going calmly away from their help and sympathy to tho cross on Calvary. Yes, brethren, it is always so. Great thoughts, holy visions, aro always as it were shadowed by the " fields white- unto harvest." St. Peter hud no sooner seen tho great vision revealed to him on the housetop, in the great sheet in which were "creeping things and fowls of the air," when there was a hurrying sound of footsteps and a knocking at the door of his house ; threo men from out of the wide world had come with message that he would act upon the vision and extend tho benefits of Christ's death to them. The vision gave him the knowledge, taught him how to act. The appeal of the men to a man touched his he:irt. No work is complete without both knowledge to show us the path, lore to respond to the need. H. 1. Let «s bring these thoughts nearer to our own lives, and see what they mean. We may Jive in a little corner of tho world. We may he known to only a few. No one will care lo write or read, the story of our lives, yet they are full of interest to the •angels of God. Every life has its vision beautiful. Every life hears the call to duty. Is not this so ? To the boy or girl leaving school, happy in the possession of the know ledge they have acquired, comes very soon tbedemand of the world to. use what they have gained. Again, at confirmation— that time when God's Holy. Spirit is given in greater measure — there comes the need for Sunday school work, guild or choir work. Again, at marriage, there rises up with the words of tho service visions of holy love and sympathy, and then how scon comes the need in homo life for self- sacrificing duty, activo love. Tho young clergyman comes away from the cathedral on his ordina tion day full of joy and devotion, and meditates upon it all in secret; but how soon the world's needs call him away from "gazing up into heaven " to save the grain which is falling so fast in "fields white unto harvest." "Wo all stand, then, between the beautiful aud tho practical. And no life can be good or great if it will not leave the beautif ttl vision at the cry of the needy soul. But as life advauces tho two seem to grow nearer ana nearer to each other. Ono imperfection makes the distance between them so great. Wo can fix the vision beautiful by a true devotion to uuty. A boy or girl finds a joy m using their newly-acquired powers at nome, iu the Sunday school, }or the parish ; the husband fiuds a true joy m working for his family; the clergyman is living solely for his people." • Do yon remember how Long fellow pictures in his poem, "The Legend Beautiful," a man standing like the eleven disciples between a beautiful vision and a call to work, and how ho tore himself away, discharged his duty, und found the vision still there.-• . - Hadst thou stayed I must have fled, That is - what the vision, said.1 * 2jl. Yet, brethren, when wc look round the world wo find very many who seem to care for none of these things. What is the - reason of this? Huvc they had no visions ? Yes, they have had their visions. They were all bright and hopeful boys and girls once, but many have sinned again and again, dulled their sight, and numbed their feelings.- The ascended .Jesus grows more and more in distinct; the voice of duty loses its old im perative sound as sins of the world, the' flesb, and the devil fold themselves round the heart, mind, and will. They seem not to care, but they do care, and when you try to lead them out of their evil ways they scoff or jeer and break away in anger, because in talking of the glory of God, the love of the Saviour, the possibilities of man in union with God, you have struck a note that never fails to make the sinner hate his.sinfulness, though he may lack the will and courage to leave it for ever. ' That note 'is the saddest maneverhears. Itis '' whatmighthavebeen." 2a.' Others there are whom we do not actually call sinners, though we know they are —I mean the dreamers—the people who never do anything practical. We aU know them. Perhaps we have them on our list of friends. They are always telling us what they are going to do, and every time we meet them wo find they have a new idea, and they grow older and older and we notice with sorrow their faces grow paler and sadder, and then they go away to the other land, but they go emptyhandea. They have only dreamed their. life away—nothing more. 3\. Again, there are others who go to work. before the ascension of tlicir Lord has been well studied. They do not wait for visions. Like Ahimaaz they run, but when they come to the King they can, do nothing, for they have no tidings ready and must wait till Cashi coine.*. Do yon not all know the kind of people I mean ?* Active men and women " there are who try to work, but have 11b power—good natured. anxious to help the world, hut only become busy bodies. In "time their faces, too, grow sad at their powerless nees, then hard by disappointment. They feel ; they liave really tried and failed, aud then • pessimism claims then as victims, i 4. All this is very sad, but we arc not lefl without help. The collect for to-day—the Sunday after Ascension—tells us where trug help may be found. In 'the collect we pray, " Send to us Thine Holy Ghost to comfort us, . and exalt us unto the same place whither Our Saviour Christ has gone before." Thi Holy Spirit keeps alive in the world all those facts of Our Lord's life, all that fire o{ : love aud devotion which were in the hearts oJ. the disciples as they watched Him ascend. It is the power of the Holy, Spirit which pierces through the hard crust of sin and worldlincas in which men have wrapped them selves. "When tins crust of sin is broken up, and man's better nature manifests itself aud the whole man turns from his evil ways, we say it is a case of true conversion. iVhctlicr it happens suddenly, as in the case of St. Paul, or by degrees, "first the blade, then the ear, then the full corn in the ear," the fact remains there is this spiritual forco now energising in the world, and when we seo the hardened sinner spring hack from his sins in horror, the idle dreamer strike out into in telligent' activity, the materialistic busybody; own that not only by his own power, bat by co-operation with tbo Spirit of God, is tnio work done, then we fed we are face to face with moral miracles. Then we can say there is hope for all. - III. Standing then as wo do "to-night, between the festivals of the ascension of our Lord and tho descent of the Holy Spirit on Whitsunday, let us take tho words of to day's collect and pray them with all oux might that throughout the parish, the city, - the whole land, there may he an increase of true Godliness. Pray that those hundreds of men and women who, with sad, tear-stained faces, pass yon in the street, may be made dive unto God as the three thousand men were on the first Whitsunday. Pray that we all may lend ourselves to the Holy Spirit's guidance and so embrace the opportunities God sends us. "Show Thy servants Thy woib, and their children. Thy glory." Amen. 