General Items About six months ago there was talk of appointing a forest ranker for Cool. Unless said ranger is put on soon there will lie no need as all the mammoths of the W.A. forest will have disappeared. j. Laybourne Smith came an awful cropper at Sommers' corner Thursday. He was biking along and another bikist, a freshly boy, was biking too. They were so fond of one another that they rushed into each other's arms. Two bikes, J.L., the boy, the •dust, and lots oi profanitv got inextricably mixed, but when the profanitv got sorted out, and the bikes got sorted out, kind and tender hands placed the contestants upon their legs once more. After straightening out his machine, turning the front wheel back to the way it was meant to run and knocking a few kinks out of the frame, the man with the big beard got on again as unconcernedly as ever. The bov came up smiling and scooted. A. E. Harney: " 1 am no philanthropist." " Hear! Hear!" trom an enthusiastic supporter who would have cheered if A.E. had intimated his intention of immediately proceeding to commit every sin forbidden bv the Decalogue. Dear TOT HE RS I DE R , -When biddi ng got slack, old W. I. Cosgrove. in the early days, used to knock off auctioneering tins of meat and diggers' dishes and tell jokes, i have seen him put up a sovereign and sell it for 17s. Gel. One of his yarns : -" An enginedriver, driving his train in the Rocktes, was compelled to freqvent forced absences from his newly-made. "John," said she to him, "I would like to have something to do while you are away. I am so lonely," " By all means, ray dear'; please yourself.'' Her decision turned to poultry farming, and when John returned he fouud the henneryconsisted of one hen and five roosters. " What is the meaning of this, my dear ?" he inquired ; " don't you know it is usual to have five hens and one rooster—not the other way." " Yes," she replied, " but I am determined that the poor bird shall be better off than I am." John is driving on another line now and comes home five times a day, and stays home nights. -WARRIOR. Mcllroy has been having a lively time in Kanowna. " Judas Iscariot" and " Ananias" were terms applied to him at a recent meeting in that theatre of political activity. The " Democrat" (Ivan.) also airily remarks, relative to R. F. Norman, candidate for Kalg., as "a miserable specimen of humanity who has covered himself with political infamy," and as " affecting to know everthing, whilst he is, in reality, not only of the meaning of democracy, but of the common decencies of civilised life." The electors of the North-East are having heaps of " divarsion" It would be worth a pile of money to be an elector resident in Kan. Craddock, who is now on a self-granted leave of absence from H.M.S. Ivatoomba in oompany with coin to the value of £12,400, is another example af the unutterableness of the person who teaches Sunday school, and makes himself prominent in religious exercises generally. Ehat awful print, the " Bulletin," once suggested that the fact of a person taking a prominent part in religious matters should be in itself sufficient ground for his arrest on suspicion of intent to defraud somebudy or something. Seeing the evormous number of Chadwicks who successfully embezzle and otherwise get away with large sums of money entrusted to their care, it is becoming evident that there is something in the " Bulletin's" suggestion. Persons of irreproachable moral character who attend church regularly and don't smoke, chew, swear, or gamble will have to be placed under police surveillance if they happen to be in a position where quantities of funds might be readily disappeared with if nobody was lookiug. It looks as if it wouldn't be safe to entrust anybody with the custody of money who can't prove that he has a few healthy well-developed vices. Isidore &c.; &c.; Cohn calls the Afghans " Asiatic scum." He avers that through the carelessness and negligence of the aforesaid " scum" he has lost £10,248 worth of camels during the last nine months. 244 of Cohn's hard-earned camels have been done to death by the " Alian" during that period. Cohn still employs " Scum!" Verily, w r e suspect Cohn of having drawn the long bow. Alec Forrest again has 823 thousand acres scattered through five different districts for which he pays under £1 per thousand acres per annum rental. Eman Solomon has one million 387 thousand acres in Kimberley and Fitzroy and pays the shamefully extortionate annual rental of £1 for just over two thousand acres ! Huroo for the Forrests ! Notice—To the night owls. The French women have removed from Brookman-street. The premises are now occupied by a private family, and the police are instructed to see that the liberty of the inmates is not interferred with.-- Ad. from Kalg. paper. A correspondent writes:—New find in the Bank of England Mine. A startling discovery was made on Wednesday. An individual was somewhat horrified to find in a dynamite box, not the death dealing explosive, but the dead body of an infant. The police were informed, but 011 a constable arriving no trace of the box or contents could bp found. A first of April hoax ! Some of the seven families business: - Connor and Dohertv hold 342 acres in Kimberley for a rental of /I 7I per annum. Connor is the member for this tract of country, which grazes 200.000 head of cattle, and has an electoral roll of 26 voters Osmond pays a rental of £ A, 9 M for 3.868,000 acres m Ord, Nicholson and Kimberley. These tour million odd acres are represented by about 30 electors. Alec. Forrest and Hurt hold one and one-eighth millions of acres in Ashburton, Lvons and Cascovne for the annual rental of £818. ^I'oor Jack Drake edited the "Miner" (Cool.) once, in the early days, and was reckoned a sledge-hammer. Calls himself a direct descendant of the Hadmiral. How manv editors has that journal groaned under - Drake, Stevens, Williams,' Oakley Brown. Footscray Clarke, Vosper, Kingswell. Eight editors in about three years, and still the " Miner" gruntles for six" davs a week. " Smiler" once contributed articles: now he smiles for the " Review" and the 'orny handed. W. T. Forster, solicitor to the Coolgardie Town Council is laid up with fever in the hospital. A correspondent in the " British Australasian" lavishes butter on C. T. O'Connor and his water scheme, and because he had the pleasure (?) of meeting the O'Connor on his arrival in W.A. in I8OT, thinks he is a man of keen observation and great general ability. It is a pitv that the correspondent did not meet C. T. in New Zealand. Perhaps he would not then have spread the butter so thickly. A square chain, 66 x 66 feet, of galvanised iron roof catches 2,200 gal. of water for every inch of rain that falls. Cent, who was summoned bv his girl wife for maintenance at Perth, seems to""be a queer cuss. He actually went out oi his way to impress the P.M., J. Cowan, that he was not a good bootmaker at all. and was only worth £-2 per week and tried to prove prove himself an inferior lot all round. ' The P.M. humbly and tearfully begged Cent to applv to the Railway Department for employment as a "guard, or porter, or something." and work himself up to a good position in the service, and be a good boy in the future. The suggestion sent a smile round the court, and Gent was afraid -boo-hoo— that he would never -boo-hoo—be a. good -—boo-hoo -boy any more -boo-hoo-boohoo ! What the influx ot tothersiders is responsible for. Four years ago the number of cases coming before the Petty Courts in Perth only totalled 1,200. For the first three months or this year the casrs aggregated 1,835. of which '838 were dealt with in the local Court, and 097 in the Police Court. Have all the land-boomers, bank-boodlers and safe robbers of the East come to us ? Cr. Batho has been appointed acting- Mayor of Kanowna during Mavor Lowes absence in England. A. short time ago Batho became the father of the first twins born on the goldfields. Truly, he bears his blushing honors thick upon him. Pres- Cr. Nethercott (Ival.) has resigned, sure of private business the cause. An enterprising youth, aged 14. is said to be holder of a lease at Eefrov. He is working " on his own." Young Australia ' A Street Cry.—" Shine yer boots, guvner, black er Afghan '•'." Afghans have got their grip on W.A.. and everyday grow more numerous. Some are taking to hawking fruit around — damaged stuff they sell on commission for certain fruitmongers. Ker-ristians have only themselves to blame for this. If they refused to buy from Afghanistan's swartliv sons and to have any dealings at all with them, the Afghan would get his shirt out more than ever and perhaps go to Perth or even Bunburv. The term " wild cat" originated thuswise. Abandoned claims, or shicers, on the Vic. fields were usually made the repority of of neighbors' cats when the meowlers got up early in the morning. The pussy, with its nine lives, usually lived about the same number of days before the ghost finally departed from her body. Hence in time the mine, from being the recognised repository for cats of all sorts of conditions and genders, began to be called a cat. The prefix "wild" was added some years later, because, as every one knows, there are cats and cats. There appears to be no prospect of the rush from the Eastern colonies bei ng checked. Hundreds are weekly embarking for the West, in spite of countless warnings from the Western, and Eastern press. There is certainly no room 011 the fields for these people. Those who are already here find the utmost difficulty in obtaining work. The same condition of things must largely prevail in every portion of the colony, its capacities for absorption of labor not being illimitable. Vosper received a very neat advertisment at a performance. down Cremorne way the other night. Isn't there anv law forbidding caterers to the public desire for amusement ringing in politics upon their unfortunate patrons 1 The atmosphere of the goldfields is simply reeking with politics just now, and. places where people go to escape worries of dailv life should carefully take any alleged joke savouring of politics down to the extreme end of Bavlev-sereet r.n-1 lose it in Kanowna remarks :— -There seems to be a general impression abroad amongst candidates of the old-fashioned school that a man who can successfully mind his own business is also capable of successfully minding other people's business in Parliament. There is nothing whatever to warrant this belief. Legions of people attend with more or less success to their own affairs, who couldn't achieve anything but pronounced failure as custodians of the people's political interests. "That money is best spent for which work is given." Thus Harnev. Just so. Also, that lease is best held on "which labor is expended. ^ " If those who advocate the interests of Coolgardie are Liberals I am a Liberal. If they are Conservative I am a Conservative." Harney is apparently neither a Conservative nor a Liberal. He is simolv a Co iDardieite. ' "" Candidate Harney says it is "an economic waste" to compel mineowners to pay men to work who are not required. It is a greater economic waste to allow capitalists To hold large areas of auriferous ground without working them. The best way to kill the greater evil is to choose the lesser. _ Voter (to candidate) : "Then vou wouldn't give a vote to any man who' didn't have 10s. 5 Imbecile, in audience: " If he hasn't got 1 os, he can't afford a vote." This is a capital specimen of Conservative logic (?) Its brilliancy enchanted the Conservative crowd, and they cheered tumulttiously and chuckled fatuously. Someone asked Harney at his meeting if he believed in one-man-one-vote. The mellifluous son of Erin took an unconscionably long time to answer the question and then didn't succeed pretty well. Finally he gave people to understand that he believed in allowing every man who had a miner's right to vote. There are hosts of people to whom a miner's right would be useless, but who, nevertheless, have a right to a voice in the making of the laws. Have anv of our present members of Parliament got' miner's rights i Or does Harnev believe in giving a vote to every man willing to pav ros. for the privilege of holding a voter's right ? Harney believes in annihilating the jumper. In order to do this he would compel every applicant for forfeiture to put down a deposit of f 25, to be forfeited if the grounds of application are deemed frivolous by the Warden. The applicant would also have to satisfy the warden that he was himself in a position to comply with the law's requirements. Supposing that the application was well-grounded, and the applicant couldn't satisfy the warden as to his means—What then ? Would the defaulting leaseholder be allowed to remain in possession and defy the law until a capitalist came along ? Candidate Harney says he would remove all difficulties in the way of amalgamating labor on leases. He would allow a holder of several leases to concentrate labor on anv one lease, as a matter of right, upon giving notice to the warden of his intention to do so. But why should a man be allowed to hold several leases in perpetuity simplv because he employs labour on one lease ~ J ' W. Waldon is not going to contest N.E. Cool, after all, it appears. He has withdrawn in favor of surveyor Moss, who has unfurled himseif under the banner of the local Political Labor League. "Albany Advertiser" is complaining loudly of the fact that public men with sufficient leisure to devote themselves to public affairs are as scarce as hen's teeth. It urges payment of members as the only solution of the difficulty. It is alleged that there is a possibility of certain Labor officials being charged with corruption in connection with the coming elections. This election gives every promise of being a decidedly sultry one. Candidate Harney does not believe in payment of members. He considers that the man who has money is the onlv man who can be depended upon to look after the interests of the great moneyless majority. Lucre may be won by a political imbecile. Political laurels can only be won by men of brains. Yet Harnev would debar the man of brains without "lucre" from any chance of winning laurels in the parliamentary arena. Nevertheless, he declared that " Laurels, not lucre," should be the aim of parliamentary aspirants. Leckie, the innocent bairn wooing the electors of the X. is the gen. sec. of the W.A. A.N. A. Leckie is a cold-water apostle, and savs if he can't get in without boozing up the free and independent he won't get in at all. Snakejuice is 6d. at the X. A Yalgoo parliamentary candidate asserts that it easier for a man to get into gaol than to get his name on the electoral roll—and he isn't far out, as one does not need to reside for twelve months before being eligible for quod. The " Chronicle " is always barracking about Jarrah John being a Strong Man, and says he is making his influence felt at the Convention. No doubt Jarrah is strong in a sense, but his breaking strain is a lot below that of most of the delegates. "Morgans cabled home for the consent of his company to allow him to nominate as a candidate, and there is 110 doubt he will be graciously allowed to stand. Martin's protest against Megson in the Five Mile Championship Race last Saturday upheld bv the League of Wr-" Invn. Ra'-- given to Wnlne. Cr. Bellingham has rece :ived a higher call, find will not trouble the I -ower House, but intends to have a run for the Upper 'Ouse. Cr. Levinson is one of h is opponents, and with Cr. McKen/.ie standi ng for the lesser honor, it looks as thotu (h the Municipal Council means business, Why should it be taken as a O.EI). that tr; lining as a town, councillor Is a fit prepar •ation for parliament ? Norseman Mayor Austin stands for Dundas. He is an effete little individual, with only a tinv chance. Dr. Black, R.M. of Lsperance, protege of the Six Families, is a candidate for' the Dundas electorate. He is the best hated man at the port; but has a finger in every pie going. The Dr., Purchase,'and Austin have equal chances, and between them will give Connolly a large majority. Connolly leases some two dozen'islands in Esperance i^ay, and grows sheep, &c.; He owned two schooners which traded to the port, both of which have been wrecked. Connolly is personally popular, and a man of much travel and experience. in six yeais St. Albans stables scoop v! £4 1 • J5'J m stakes for W. R. Wilson. Australian Eleven will have to face 18 cricketers oi Perth instead of as first arranged. Aurum likely to be sent to England What about the punters who have rushed him lor the V.R.C. Derby and Cup. ? Hori fir vera put up an Australasian record m Auckland lately for jumping with the pole. He cleared lift. Rumoured that Maynard, a W.A. cyclist ntends to ride from Cool, to Melbourne. • New rules by Vic. Football Association comprise the ten yard mark limit, and "oaks to count six points, behinds T point. " Newhaven scratched for the Svdney Cup Lambs skinned again. Horse a strong first favorite. The. April meeting of the V.R.C begins to-day at Memington. Entries for "the various events are numerous, and excellent arrangements have been made to ensure a successful meeting. Our sporting correspondent m Melbourne has wired the following tips:— TOTHERSIDER TIPS. Hurdles. - Kangaroo, 1; Borderer, 2, ; Eulor, 3. 1 -J Hill Handicap. -The Don, 2 ; Mercury, 3. Bacchus, Steeple.—Will-o'-the-Wisp, Oak, 2 ; Doctor,3. April Handicap. -Damien, Loyalty, 2 : Don John, 3. Two Year Old Handicap.—Lacabrine, 1 ; Rupee, 2 ; Orphan, 3. Welter Handicap.--Wolf 1 • Hoist -> • Cobalt, 3. : , _, Arrangements are in train to open another racecourse for Perth. Canning Park owners don't make racing worth while. Stakes too small. A meeting of the Goldfields Cycling Club was held on Wednesday at the Denver City. A programme for Easter meeting was drafted, the prize money amounting to ^200 Correspondence was read from League of West Australian Wheelmen, and if was decided to affiliate with that body. The meeting closed with the undeniable two bob in. Don Walker attempts to-dav to break- }. Megson's one mile Australasian record of imin uSsecs. Walker will be paced by Sutton's triplet steered by jack Parsons. Cycling is booming in Perth. DnPls' otter £/>oo in prizes on tst June. W.A.C C. gives £154 for wheel sp >rts on Diant , -id Jubilee Day, 22nd June, and 2200 to be competed for May 22 and 24. Wire from W.A. Bookstall, Perth " Double my supply of TOTHERSIDERS fn this week." Gordon and Gotch. Perth.-—" TOTH; SIDER quite surprised us; selling like }• cakes." G. and G. have world-wide fa; in the newspaper world. Acceptances for the Fremantle fee! Club's Race Meeting, to be held on - April, closed on Wednesday night. Politicus says : — R. P. Norman at Kanowna went, for Vosper hammer aed tongs, and alleged that P.C.B.V. had " done" his six months not in the cause of Democracy, with a big D. but in the cause of Republicanism with a bigger R. Norman got hooted and his hair off, divested himself of most of his clothes, and went ofr the Mayor of all the Kanownas. In the ding dong melee, which ensued the Criterion Hotel was rushed by the crowd, but the landlord turned off the gas. Vosper denies that he claims to have put. in six months for Democracy's sweet sake. Oh, for the good old days of knuckle-dusters and sling-shot, instead of the warfare of the tongue. C.F.A. meet at Club .Hotel Tuesday re fixtures. Clubs wishing to enter the Ass. must ante " up five guineas, names of delegates, colors, etc.. at once. G. A. Partiv, sane ,.>.-d Pssendon. the sec. 