The Sydney Morning ?}crnl_. THURSDAY, JULY 15, 1857. IN tilo Legislativo Council yesterday JTr. Barton moved that the House should on the next sitting day resolve itself into Committeo of the Whole for the consideration of tho draft Com- monwealth Constitution. After a long; debate the motion was agreed to. After formal business in tho Legislative As- sembly, a lengthy debate took pince on a motion for thu adjournment of the House to consider the manner in which the land and income tax was being administered. The motion was negatived, and subsequently the House proceeded with the further considera- tion in committee of tho Commonwealth Consti- tution Bill: In the Equity Court yesterday Mr. Justice Manninp delivered his reserved judgment in the case of Cooper v. Land and Income Tas Commis- sioners. The case was institut«1 to ha-e it declared that the assessment of the plaintiffs land was not valid, and that no charge on his lauds w as created thereby : also for an injunction to restrain the defendants from taking any proceedings to recover the amount. His Honor found for the plaintiff that there were no assessment, books in existence as contem- plated by the Act and that the completion of such books was i condition precedent to the powei of the Conmissionors lo fis: and notify the due date of the tax and to issue notices of assessment Con- sequently their notion was illegal. The plaintiff therefore was entitled to a declara- tion that there was no existing chnice on the land as assessed and that the defendants should be restrained from taking any proceeding to recover the amount until the tax shall have become due and payablo as provided for in the Acts. King George of Greece has personally thanVod the Czar of Russia for his efforts in expediting the settlement of peace between Turkey and Greece Forty engineering firms of London have given their employees notice of a lockout. Five firms have conceded then hands the eight hours system. A widespread struggle is commencing on the Tyne, and also on the Clyde. The announcement of the offer ot the Govern- ment of Cape Colour to make a gift of a first class battleship for the navy has been received with much popular favour in the colony. It is suggested by the Cape press that the offer was premature, Parliament not having been consulted m the matter. Articles have been signed for a match for the professional swimming championship oser SOO yards, for £200 a side between J Is ut tall and Erato Cavill (of Sydney) Pnpyn lmo been discovered in tho ruius of a I town in the Libyan Desert containing eight say- ings of our Saviour, somo of which aro wholly now It is intended to puhluh an official report of the proceedings at the recent conference between -Cr Chamberlain and tho colonial Premiers Mi G -s* Camm stated in the House of Com- mons on Tiiesdnj that tho Government baa despitohed u further Noto to the Trench Govern- ment embodvmg a pressing request to prevent traders from (.oiling firearms and spirit!, to tho natives of the îvew Hebrides He added that no roplj had yet been recen ed President Al Kinley desires that the t-eaty for the aunos-atton of Hawaii to tho United Stires should be expedited, ns ho behoves that tho ap- proval of Congress Hill help to remove threatened complications Playing ior Yorkshire against Sussex at Shof field on Tuesday J Tunnicliflo aud J 1 Broun who wont in first, scored 3"S nins between tb°m boforo the first wicket Iel], establishing a "first wicket record " Ml A E Stoddart lins invited R Abel (Surroy), T Richardson (Suney), J T Hearno (Middlesex), "W S'orci (Derbyshire), W Attowell (Notts), and A A Lilley (Warruckalurei to join the English Cloven w Inch ho is organising for an Austi allan tour Gold, silver, and bron.o medals aro offered foi the hij-liLSt scores among the colonial competitors at the lusley nile meetiug Mr George Hunt, of Nottingham, has broken the cycling roid record for _1 hours, covering 114 miles in that time On Monday the Premier of South Australia v lsited the House of Commons, and vi as nccom mndated with a seat in tho Ambassadors' gal len Ho afterwards dined with a number of mem- bers Tho Premier of Now Zealand, and Chief Justice Way, of South Australia, addressed a public meeting at tho Shorcditoh Town Hall on Tuesday In tho oour»o of Ins speech Mr Seddon re- ferred to the recent legislation ia Ne« Zealand witlircgud to employeis and omploverl, and de- clared that similar legislation in England would havo pievented the present engineers' sinke Yesterday the remains of S r Patuck Jennings vvcro interred at "Wineries, An imposing ceie mouv picceded the removal of the cofhn from St Mury'b C lihcdrnl, where Cardinal Moran pre sided during the reading of the sokmn office and the celebration of tho Requiem High Mass At the inquest held at Vundoorun on Tuesday CADBÏÏRY'S CUCOA A «timuintiug and sustaining cup-made instantly | \- [Adv.] on tho body of Eobert Spadbrow, who had died from the effects of a revolver shot tired by Senior oonstablo Bentley when effecting his arrest, a verdict of justifiable homicide was returned. The Western Australian revenue returns for the month of .Tuno amounted to£2S0,071, as compared with £257,327 for the previous month. For tho quarter ended Juno the revenue amounted to£721,727, as compared with£ú9ti.2!U for the pievious quarter. Tho revenue for tho fiaanei.il year was £2,542,751, exceeding; the Treasurer's estimate by £416,051, and last year's figures by £9S-!,0JG, or 53 per cent. There was very little business doing; in invest- ments in the Stock and Shuo market yesterday. New South Wales Intertninublc Funded Stock was quitted at 12SI, a reduction of about jj on the previous quotation. In tho Import market yesterday bu»ines was of a distributing; rothor thau of a wholesale character. At Darling; Harbour yesterday 83 bales of wool were manifested to arrive. . There was a good amount of business in tho Mining market yesterday. Coal stocks woro generally buoyant, »nd gold-mining stocks as a rule woro characterised by steadiness. Tho Customs rovenuo received jesterday amountcd to £4419. At the London wool sales on Monday thcro was strong competition amongst buyers from nil quarters. Good merino wools aro soarco, and prices aro hardening. That tlie importance of the issue in tho land taxation case, Cooper v. tho Com- missioners for Taxation, extends far hoyond tho definite ease beforo tho Court was shown by the general interest -with ?which tho judgment of Mr. Jus- tice Manning; was awaited, and by tho prolonged discussion last night in the Legislative Assembly upon the fact of his deoision being given for the plain- tiff. It would, however, be prematuro now to attempt to consider the practical consequences -which may follow upon the judgmentnnd thonction which itrnay prove necessary to take in regard to if. The caso wo have uow to consider is that n point with respect to tho liability to the land tax ns assessed for the year 1896 has boen brought before tho Equity Court, that the question raised it would appear lias general application over the whole inci- dence of too tas as so far levied or collected, and that J;he decision of tho Court that tho notification of the tax is illegal from its want of compliance with the requirements of the Aot applies to all that lias boen yet done in assessing and levying tho tax. Tho learned Judge, in deciding the important question submitted to him in the form of a prayer for relief and for an injunction against tho Taxation Commis- sioner?, had the advantage of hearing arguments by able counsel representing both sides of tho case. Ho had alio before him the received declarations of ominent English t .1 udges as to the principles by which statutes impos- ing taxation are to bo interpreted by the Courts. The olaborato and com- prehensive character of his judgment shows tho groat care which the question received nt his hands, and, whatever may be tho final issue, the judgment of Mr. Justice Manning must provo of groat value to what future legal, administrative, or legislative proceedings may havo to bo taken. The questions which tho Court was asked to decide were practically two. Was the land in question rendered iiablo to taxation by an ' assessment notice issued in nceordaueo with the pro- visions of the statute? If it was held by tho Court that tho assessment notieo was illegal, would the taxation nevertheless remaintcs a charge upon the land, and liable to col'ection at some future timo when the requirements of_ the st-ituto wore dulj complied with ' Con tingent on these being decided in fav oui of the plaintiff, there came another question, Were the faints ia piocedure cumble, so as to illow of tue collection of the tax foi 1896 on the basis of a le-ralu issued assessment notice in a subsequent } ear ' Tüe first question turned wholly on tho construction of the clause requiring that the assessment books be complete prior to tlio issue of notification, of tho day on w hich the tax became due and pas, able In this caso tbo notices fixing the date of the tax and notifying the assessment vere issued when no assessment book, 111 the oidinaiy acceptation of the toim, was in existence "What was produced in court ns the record of the assessment was described by the Judge as " a shoot of white paper of a flimsj nature " witn some sheets of blue paper attached, the whole of the writing being done with a lead pencil These papéis tho Couit could not receive as a " book," 01 oven as niatenals for a. book lu any case tho book was not complote To allow the noticos to lssuo and the tax to bo collected on say half of the taxable land, would bo to disregard the explicit direction of the Act that the notices fixing tlio tax should only issue when the assessment book was rompióte This need not mean " pei fected," and tho Act provided means for making some of tho assessments in a provisional and înipufect way till fullei mioimntion could bo secured Tno contention of the defence was that tlio completion of the books w ould require tile work of many joais The loarnod Judge was not willing to íeceive the statements made as proof of impossibility But in any event tho completion oi the books was made bv, tho Act, not a mero detail of michinoi}, but a condition precedent to the tax boing due Till that condition w as complied with the tax could not be brought into existence, and consequent!} tho notices issued prior to this condition weio illegal and without oftect Thon as to the contention that, though I the machineiy for assessing and lovj nig | the tax had brokon down, the tax was imposed bv an 4.ct of Pailiainont, and would ..mun ns a charge on the land It is to be obsorved that the English and > the Tictonan Land Tax Al ts them selves fix the duo dato of the tax The legislation in foi ce in this colon} makes tho tax take offect upon tho otcui îence of n certain procedure Dreseiibcd in the Act Land tax undoi this Act is de fined as " imposed as such by any <_ct ' and " as assessed undei this Act " lo bo assessed undoi this Act implies in accordance with tho provisions of the \\.ct But the Court having decided that this had not been done, and that the notices and assessment woiô null and loid, no such chargo was cicatod Tho diargo could not bo enforced till tho tax is pay able, and no tax having boen ruado pavablo no chargo remains upon tho land, and the title is lolt unclouded Tho contingent quostion, whethoi theso defects aie eulabie by tho issue of now notices aftoi the } ear is expired for which tho} are issued onl} carno w ltlnu the scope of his Honor's judgraout from its boarin.; on the extent of the relief to bo giantcd to the plaintiff I he question for the Court liad I nothing (o do with tho possibility of so fai completing tho at ossmout book as to allow ot the notices being propeih ifcsupd It dealt onl} with the baio lognl point, "\\\ ould a notice, othoiwisc in coiiect foim, issued loi lb-Ufa, after tho oxpiiation ol tbo }eai, bo necessarily bad ' iho loarnod Judge, in highly cauuous toi ins, limited himself to the expression of tho opinion that _uch a mode of curing the 1 defect i\as "legally possible." The vuluo of this possibility when transmuted into terms of "tho practically possible it did not fall within the provinco of the Court to estimate. Passing beyond the rango of tho con- siderations with which tho Court had to doal, it is evident so far that a serious mishap has happened to the work of col- lecting taxation under the provisions of un Act of Parliament, and there will doubtlt-ss bo a general disposi- tion to ask who is to blame. It was indeed upon this question that tho discussion last night in tho Assembly mainly turned. It is a question which it would not bo prudont to attempt rashly to answer. It would of course bo easy to censure those charged with the administration of the Act for tho erroneous step of issuing notices under conditions which, when the Court hos its attention called to them, it unhesitatingly con- demns as illogal. But the facts as laid before tho Court convinced the learned Judgo that the Commissioners were endeavouring to do their best with tho Act thoy had to administer, and that they " would never have knowingly at- tempted to work the Act in any way to.tho prejudice of nn individual." Indeed, ho was led to the belief that " tho fault, if any, has been tho rosult of nn earnest desire to treat every taxpayer fairly, without prejudice to the revenue." Well, then, it may be said, if those administer- ing the statute are not responsible for its present failure, the fault must be in the Act itself. Perhaps so. But on this point his Honor, looking at tho question in the "dry light" of judicial impartiality, was careful to do justice to the spirit of^ fairness in which tho Act was conceived, even in respect to the precise point of difficulty. It was a desire for fairness which led to tho requirement that before any taxpayer was called upon for payment tho wholo of tho assessments should be complete and open to inspection, so that the incidence of the tax should bo uniform and applied in the opon light of day. Theso points have to be remem- bered before any nttempt is mode to pass condemnation for the pheck which the col- lection of this measure of taxation has for the time sustained. Thoy may not pre- vent the need of censure, but they may i perhaps mitigate it. An interesting discussion is being wnged regarding the milk supply of Now South Wales. It has the merit that the argu- ment is conducted from two yery different points of viow, and tho public have there foro tho opportunity of considering the matter in tho most impartial fashion. On the ono hand, the milk-vendors in certain districts are complaining bittorly of a re- duction of the líricos : on the other, some of the medical men in Syduoy say in effect that thoro is a danger in the milk supply, because a few gallons of it may come from farms in which tho cattle aro tainted with tho I wide-spreading disease that is known as tuberculosis. No specific charge is made against any company or against any in- dividual fnrmer. The blamo cannot bo laid at the door of any of tho numorous agriculturists who keep their dairies clean, and who nro trying honestly and conscientiously to sorvo tho public. Taking tho matter as it has boen described in our columns, the milk-vendors in the dairying districts aro doing their best, and desire to havo a larger price, and oxperts in the city say that some of the milk is tainted because it comes from diseased animals. No question regarding this dairy or that is involved in the dis- cussion. Wo eau assume that all tho owners and holders of dairy farms aro trying lo supply puro milk, i even at prices which they do not I consider to be remunerative : and wo are bound to infer that in spite of all the cnre that is taken in the dairies a certain i quantity of milk comes to Sydney whioh does not exactly make for tho health of the people. It would seem, therefore, that a different system of managing tho milk supply is necessary, undor which the consumer would be protected whilo tho farmer would be able to sell at a profitable price. Milk is so nocossary in the diet of tho ordinary household that fow people would grudgo a little extra piyment. Only a short timo ago wo had to report the fact | that the infantile mortality still continuos at a very high percent- age, and everyouo knows that tho supply of milk from tho dairies has much to do with tho health of very young children. Adults are less concerned in the matter, because H103' drink but a small quantity of milk, and if thoy aro strong and healthy they are able to throw off any germs that may be carried to them by the can of tho milk-cart, In the case of the young there is admittedly n greator dangor, and it may bo presumed that the intelligent consumer is inclined, not so much to hagglo about the price as to'mako sure of tho quality. Wo "believe that the public are ready to pay on a liberal scale for the milk that they require. There is not the smallest reason to think that, for tho sako of saving a penny or twopenco a week, they would put up with some adulterated, wishy-washy fluid whioh had only tho merit of being sold at an excessively cheap rate. But if the farmers want good prices thoy must tako caro that tho article which thoy sell is perfectly whoiosomo. As between the pro- ducer and the consumer thero is a doubla obligatiou. Tho farmer is entitled to a lair price,- but in return ho is expected to soil a product that is beyond suspicion and that is thoroughly wholesome. Tho two things must go together. If tho dairy farmer expects a high price for his milk, ho must be able also to afford sonio guarantee that the supply of milk comes from a thoroughly healthv howl of cattle To make the horrls healths, is a task that will take somo time, and that uufoi tunatolv will omiso a coi tam amount of exponse to the agiioultunsts, who aie ahead} complaining; ol tho olloots of in- clement soasons and tapuoions markets But tho facta as tlio», mo knowu tons ought to bo faued It has boon thoroughH established that tlio got ins of n phoid and of kindicd diseases uro most easily con- voi ed oil hoi b} milk 01 wntoi These two liquids, wluoh mom iho most common use all ov.01 the wmld, lim o a dangerous facuU} ot ubsoibinj, gums It is onh bv taking eme ol Iho mille supplv und tho wntoi supph in Iniyo tiivvns tint disease is piowmloil Wo might quote Sidney as an itisliuuo in Aiislitilin, or Daut"ig and liankloilin Uoimimv, 01 tho rohnnco pint eil In Ibu w hole niinittiv, ai my m Ln^laiul upon n nuppU of wholusomo food nul a tun-lnnl llow pure v atoi ai'mimt all epidi'mits Hut in îogard to tho quiflion thal lins now ni ison ni this tulum «n lime lo pi hu tin i, and mo hu\o to ipi upline tlio lae! not onl} that milk mm lui mu ii ¡rum um in but Innt it nun lu Ininti ti In ailiMiiM m Um «mm») ulm li juiiiliius ii li is not simply a que slum ol elinnliiu nu V diinv may bo as fu ah anil bullit mid uns] nl'i 1 as th» most mumu o ililli iinild di-mo o\oi} (ffoit niiglil lie iitmlt li koop out all gol ins and lo «uni pun milk to (ho (oiiHiuni i, nuil jil Illili tinghi bo ii CDiilnginii whiih uinii s finn llu> niilcli tow und wini li i n vvnsluiit, of (lu dany utensils oirnltl po»sili|} itu-hm Thero aro ways certainly in which con tagion ninj ho nvoidod But tho great mai on ty of tho people desire to bit} mill and to uso it without nn\ special tientment \\.nd to do justico to thoso consumors tho stock in tho dan} faims ought to bo free fiom all taint of disease The artificial io medios that ruo suggested are in tonded to ensmo the safety of tho consuméis who nie sunphol with milk that may come from a tainted souico Is tnoro no chnnco that the ternblo di=oaso of tuberculosis ma) ho stamped out in Now isouth A\ iles ' It is said that a voiy largo number of cattlo aro afflicted with tubercle and that the> aro spreading disease It is pointed out also that thero aro methods of dill-nosing tuberculosis oven in its eirhei stages, and if this ho the tase the animal might bo 1 died and the spread of coutogion jarovonted But n rigid inspection of stock would bo lequirod to which tho fanners and tho loeil authorities might object If a thorough system of inspection is possiVo and the herds can bo dolivorcd from tho contagion of tubeiculosis, then few people would gi unible at the puco of milk A frigate boautifullj decorated with bunting, a reception at tho French Con sulate, and some pleasant speeches at the picnic at Cabarita reminded us vestoidny of tho annivorsarj of tho Trench Republic If anything could havobeun destiojed bj unfavourable propheo\, the Republic whu.li spiang up so promptly on tho ruins of tho second Einpiic, and so nar rowly escaped from the piessure of the Commune ought to hav o perished But the fact is that the Republic has enduied longer than any regime established in Trance since tho Revolution Tho fiist Republic lasted three j cars the Director} kept the world wondering for four the first Consulate exercisod it during *hrto and the first Lmpire coruscated and went out m ten The Bourbons after tho restoration lemained, with the help of a revolution and tho Orloamst branch, twoutj four years fho second Republic did not fill one year, the sotond Consulate lasted foul, and tho second Empire oighteou But the third Republic, in spite of prophecies, le actions, and Boulnnger, has steadily maintainod its sway for 26 years One President of tno sones of six, Sidi Carnot, fell a uctim to tho knife of n fanatic, and anothei, M Tame, now so firniH seated, escaped the shot of a madman 'ihcse things, howev er onlj showed the strength of the hold w Inch tho Republic has on the people Jealousies thero have beon, and mis understanding with -various foreign Powers Even the lelatious with Gieat Bl tam have been at times stiained partieulnily by pressure m Egvnt and Siam But in spite of press \ io lenco and interested demagogism the old entente cordiale with Groat Britain has never been disturbed. The common sense of both nations has stood firm throughout. We notice that of late years the annual celebration in Paris has been growing moro and more quiot in character. It has, in fact, become tho calm demonstration of a nntion secure of its position, conscious of its strength, and soberly in earnest for its aims. Many cordialities have been exchanged with our peoplo, particularly during the passage of tho Queen through French torritury. Tho same spirit distin- guished the celebrations hero yesterday. Wo trust it moy continue in every part of the Empire, and we see no reason why it should not. It would be easy to underrate the im- portance nf tho action of tho Salvation Array this week in opening what is cnllod n " workman's hotel " for the poorer classes of this city. It is a branch of tho social tvork of the Army, whioh has already displayed its useful- ness in this way in more than one direc- tion. But the object in the present instance has about it so much of the character of true practical philanthropy, and tho undertaking in itself is so strongly marked by practicality and common sense, that it must be in- stinctively felt by all who givo the matter a thought that the move- ment is shaping itself along the right lines. It is not purely and simply a charitable enterprise-a " relief work " in tho sense described by Mr. Wise at the annual social meeting the same evening but n placo where rest and refreshment aro bought and sold as in any other hotel. The difference is, of course, that the price is low, and that whero this is not forth- coming work will be accepted in its place. Tor this facilities aro to bo provided. It must be admitted that about all this there is at least something of that systematic procedure which was alluded to on Tuesday evening as being wanting on the part of the State. To this. want we have more than once directed attention, and it is probably safe enough to say that until the need is supplied there will always be much to be criticised about our methods of dealing with distress. We have no Poor Laws in this colony, and there is a very natural and easily comprehensible ob- jection to burdening the statute- book with anything of the kind. Nevertheless wo spend largo sums of money every year in divers charitable ways, and as the public finds the funds tho publie has a right to bo assured that they are legiti- mately and profitably spent. It is noticeable that the Salvation Army is now asking for ¿tate assistance in the social sorvice it is rendering, and the re- quest, coming from a body which is doing so much good and worthy work, illus- trates the difficulties attending our present methods of charitable expenditure. Coal Mines Regulation Amendment Bill.— The Coal Mines Regulation Act Further Amend- nient Bill which is being introduced the Ministor for Mines (Mr Sydney Smith), is de- signed to limit work in coal and shale mines to eight hours per day for persons working under- ground, except in cases of emergency. PtmUO .CCOSUIODATION AT IHL POST OlTlCE - Mr Thomas fiti-patiick intends to nsk the Post master General in the Vsiemblv whether he is iwore that on even Enclish mail dnv his stamp and inquiry room nt the General Post Ofiice is over ira« aed nnd tint it is impossible for the th-ee othcials i that department to expeditiouslv ntteud to the requirements of the pub'ic nl»o whether be is avvnre thM ns a result of the rush uig and tho inadequate attendance numbers of the public are prevented from obtaining stamp in time to itch mail and are also unahle to obtain answers to urgent inquiries and will he see that extra atheers are employed when necessary in this department, and *hat luller facilities are provided to meet incnn#ed public requirements CONVEYANCE OF BICYCLES ON TRAINS.—Mr Griffith has given notice in the Assembly to ask the Colonial Secretary whether he will bring under the notice of the Railway Commissioners the necessity for simplifying the present cumbrous formalities in connection with the booking of bicycles by passengers travelling by train. TOBACCO GROWING IN THE NORTH.—The new tobacco expert, Mr A. M. Howell, has presented a report to the Minister for Mines and Agricul- ture in regard to the suitability of the Tumut district for tobacco-growing on a large scale. Reporting on the Government experimental tobacco plantation at Moonbi, Mr Howell says a very creditable tobacco has been produced there, which would sell anywhere at a good price, much of it being comparable with the best tobaccos from Virginia and the Carolina. He adds that it is considered the finest tobacco in the world are produced in the two latter States, and the tobacco crops there are grown on sandy soil similar to that at Moonbi. He thinks that the Moonbi tobacco, if properly cured and graded, would fetch from 1s 3d to 2s 1d per lb. Mr Howell also mentions in his report that lying between Nemingha and Moonbi there is a large area of land even more suitable for growing very fine, bright tobacco than the land at the Government experimental plantation at Moonbi. In concluding the report mention is made of the most suitable kind of drying sheds and barns for tobacco leaf. Mr Howell states that in America barns built 0f logs are preferred to galvanised iron sheds, as the temperature in the former is not so liable to sudden variations. Tue Co-iDEjiNED Man Eunxrt -Tho Sheriff inform«! Butlei yesterday afleruoon that all the proporty found in his possession which was his bona fido property ho would bo allowed to deal with, but th it all proportv in his possession which belonged to othor people would oe retained bj tho polioo at present to be re'nmed to tho owners Worn: ron tnc IK employed -lcsterday even- ing Messrs Whiddon M Gowen, and Black, Ms L A , had an interview with the Actui,« Premier, Mr Brunker, at Parliament Homo in regard to tho provision of work for tho unem- ployed Tliov pointed out that the soheiiiti 01 work put boforo ths deputation lnimedintelv after tho departure of Mr Reid had not so fnr beeu put into actunl practical shape, onlv a comparatively small amount of work having been provided for tho men Mr Brunker in replv promised to call a meeting of tho sub-committee of tho Cabinet Messrs Car- ruthers, i'ouup, Garrard, and Sydnov Smith, to consider tho matter and tee what could bo done to eipedito the arrangements Later ia tho evening n meeting of the sub committco of the Cibmctwas held, and after some discussion it wis decidod to hold nnothei mcctiug to daj Navilaivs - The flagsoip, with the Admiral on board, yesterday at noon auenoicd in Moreton Bay The Wallaroo passed Capo Cipncorn on Tuesday on her vv av down the Queensland coast to meet the Orlando Tne Karrakatta has come don n from dock and will leave today or to- morrow fot Brisbane Mail Steastfcs -The Ortniiz, heneo to London arrived vesterdaj a* Melbourne Tu-dav, early in the forenoon, the Arcadia is dne from Loudon, and will bring up it the P and O Company's buoy off Mo.mnn's Bay A tender cairying friends of passengers to the steamer au 1 to bTiner the pcoplo ashore, will leave the Watson i> Bas, jetty at i a m An advance report of the steamer's voyugo snjs thnt after making tim Australian coast soiuo very trvmg weather was en- countered, with a high sea, into which the Arcadia dived ni quite i lively stvle i This did not, how over, make nnv difiere nee to her ns to reaching Adelaide with tho mails a* the hour fixed (2 pm on Saturday), aod ti-, that means thoy were abîo to be tient on by the evp- ess the same afternoon Mr De Hoste, a missionary attached to the China Inland Mission, booked through to Sydney, landed nt Adelaul» Ho was for 11 years stationed nt Hung-tung, in the pro- vince of Shnusi, in Noith duna, and is now visiting tho colonies m search of health, which is eoraow hat unDairedbv his laborious work on tho mission station Mr Do Hoste reporte, that duri mr his residence at Hunrr-tung 700 Chmcüohaio been converted and baptized Sronsn Passades op SAizrso Snips -It will have b"en noticed lately that the sailing «hips which havo arrived from London and other Euro penn ports have encountered almost phenome- nally hens v weather in the southern latitudes clneily, nud several lives havo been lost-men waihed overboard by encroaching peas or flung from aloft bv tho violence of the olcments Ycsjsrday the brrqno Oakburn, from Glasgow, and tho four mnsted bat-quo Glenfinlas, from London, arm ed w ith reports of similarly heavy weather and in the ca«o of tho Oakburn a life was lost-an able seaman ninvNl W de Hogg, a native o' Hollant1, being w ishcd over and dron ned in a storm off Cape Leuwin on tlio 1st instant The vessel escaped with loss of some sail and minor damage to deckho.scs and fittings Ovecdce SrEAstiBS -In tho nbienco of cible facilities Vita Tiji only an apnroximato dato can ho fixed upon which tho mail steamer -orangi would leave Stn a for Sydney but that she should hnvo been here at latest by Tucsdny last seems to be the opinioj of her agents It is Known that some der ngement if her mao.inerv had occurred atoipnoi to her arm al in Honolulu, her urst port 01 call after leaving Victoria, British Columbia and that she vas delayed there From Honolulu her only port of call before Sydney is Suva, and 1* tins expected that she would reach that port, and leal o sons tob hero bj the 13th instant four weeks from tho date of her depnr turo from Vunionver As this hope has not been reahs"d, it may bo presumed that sho is coming across at a very much reduced rata of speed, or has eucountered some unusu illy severe contrary w eather Her anpearanco to dav ia looked for w ard to Too branch mau «toamer Tanais, of tho Messageries lino is also bohind timo a full day oetwoen Noumea and this port She is tho vessel used as a feeder to the trunk ltno steamers of the XT M ComDanj from Marseilles to New Caledonia, and has on bo ird too contingent of New Caledonia passengers for the outgoing main lino steamer Australien Tho Australien should have left hero at 1 p m vo«tcr dav, and was all ready to cast off on arrival of the Tanais From 1pm her doparture was post- poned until later in the day in tho hope tnat the Tana s would arrive, but fina'ly it was determined to aelay her departure until to daj at the adver- tised hour Beyond the inconvenience it causes this detention is not expected to interfere w ith the Australien s day of arrival at her destination, as she can readily pull np a day between Sv dnei and Marseilles It was stated last night on board the French warship Euro that in tho event of the Tanais's non arrival this morning the Eure will make a special trip outside, and follow up the track between Sydnov and ¿Noumea until she falls in with the delinquent boat The Birksgate, from the Islands last nignt, reports meeting with a heav y head sea COJfPAUI ON OF SriYT! O BUSINESS -Ibis IS the off s»ason in the shipp ng trade at all colonial ports, iho number and toiimrre of vessels m po-t beinir at what may bo called its minimum The vessels which are generally known to be hoadmg this wat, however are numerous, and tho number is considerable A comparison betvv een tho ports shows that there are bound to Sydney from ov er-ea por*a 1S2 sailing vessels and steamers , to New castle, 7ï , to Melbourne, HO , to all South Australian porte, 91 to Western Australian ports, 72 , to Queensland ports 34, to Tasmanian ports, 17 , and to all New Zealand port«-, 12G From this it will bo seen that over 43 per cent of the shipping bound to all Australian ports is for this colony- Sydney and New castle In connec tion wita the ahippmg ti-ade a striking feature is the tump that Western lus'raiia has taken as the result of the Coolgardie gold discover! Prior to that tho Black Swan colony's shipping list of on tho-way vessels was nominal compared with its present proportion» Divorce-Alter dealing with a number of matters in Chambers Mr Justice Cohen sat in Divorce yesterday and made absolute 12 dec-ees nisi for dissolution of marriage, and declared the marriages accordingly dissolved Royal Society op Nfw South Wales -A "smoke nirrht" m connection with the Royal Society of New South Wales was held at the society's rooms, Elizabeth street last night The president (Mr Henry Deane, M. Inst CE) was in the i hair, and thero was a largo attendance of members und their ir ends Some inti resttne; exhibits were shown, and light refreshments were prov ided Vn opportunity was afforded for social întereourso among members and altogether the entertainment proved of a mo«t cuccssitil nature Transit Commission -The weekly meeting of the Transit Commission was held yesterday, the Mayor (Alderman Ives) presiding. Mr L Morris applied to run a penny line of buses between the top of William street and York street. The E.S.O. Company promised to give the proposal a trial and the application was therefore refused The board's solicitor (Mr Waldron) wrote stating, that judgerment had been signed against plaintiff in the case Frost v the chairman ; Mr Ives as plaintiff had not declared in the action. Nine cabs were inspected and three condemned. i Dei irrt-Bi or Dr_ CurrotSi -Yeste-dav the I Rev Dr C ilford vvno-ss visi to the co on es has i been 11 overv way a succcs. left bv the Toitmnia fo- "New /"lisna "n route lor Enerland La.t wok 1> Clifford paid a vis.t to Brisbane wh *c lu xvr met* i some hitrhiy sue essf ul meet ncs On hi w is home he will call a Fiji ima Hono lulu lia he has an CDiracement to i "each at iiv«ton ibout ihe end V Cus Tee mrrh I r earl in which Dr L ilford is i-c'd bv ad c iv s of the idmn unity was vve.cn ed bv -he numb-r i of fruurs uni clerirv oi ai~iTent oenommation who asu-mUed on the whan to bid hnn and hi I w fe-lui iai erb cr IiTeWell I v isr- or Colon-el Oltit -Colonel Oleot president of th» The"\=iph.c8j society, is expscwd I to arrive m Sydney to-day He lei^r^o!» the Warrego on Tuesday He is announced t. lecturo at the Protestant Hall to-night Mu« Ldgcr, MA, general secrotarv of tho New Zealand section of the Thcosophical Society vrül also spenk The Tram Fatality at North Sydney - The City Coronor (Mr J C Woore, J P ) held an inquest yesterday at the Lily of St Leonards Hotel, Alfred-street, North Sydney, t****ing the death of a child named Frank Cahill, who was run over and killed on the cable tramway the previous day. The evidence disclosed the fact that the child, which was 2 1/2 years of age, was the son of Michael Cahill, a salesman, employed in the establishment of Messrs Holdsworth and Macpherson, and residing at Harbour-view North Cliff-street, North Sydney. The child was on its way to the residence of his grand- father, at the coner of Alfred and Pitt streets. An accountant named Walter Deshurst saw de- ceased in the centre of the rails upon which the tram was travelling, and almost immediately the child was knocked down and run over. The tram only travelled about 2ft after knocking deceased down. In his opinion every effort was made to avert the accident. He assisted in lifting the dummy and extricating the body of de- ceased. Thomas Francis Mollin (?) an en- gineer, residing at Summer Hill, was a passenger on the tram, and was seated in front. He saw deceased run in front of the dummy, and shouted out, at tile same time leaning forward and endeavouring to catch the child. In this he failed, and saw deceased disappear under the dummy. The tram was stopped as soon as pos- sible. Frederick James Lewis, gripman employed on the cable tramway said he saw deceased attempt to cross the road, and shouted for him to stop, ' immediately applying his brakes and ringing the bell. He could not stop the tram in time, but ran over him. When the dummy was lifted and the body extricated the child was dead. Dr G H. Taylor, Government Pathologist, described the injuries, which, in his opinion would cause in- stantaneous death. The left side of the face was bruised and lacerated, and the back of tho skull on the right side was crushed in. A verdict of death from injuries accidentally received was re- turned. Fatal R-esllt or a Steeet Acodeît -Tit City Coroner condurtr-d an inquest yesterday upon the bodj of Geor.e Mooro, an elderly roan who died at the Svdnci Hospital on lucsday asta» result of injuries rccoivod on the 3rd Julj Th» deceused, w ho resided Rt Ultimo, was run over by a cart, near Christ Church, and had both his leg» broken A v crdict of ice dental death waa res turned RoMffiri at Ocean streit Wooluhea -Last cieuing between 7 and half past 7 o'clock » daring robben took place at Pendennis, tharesi« d-neo of Mr Leon ird Harold Coben, m Ocean* street, Woollahra Mr Cohen ard the member« of his famil} v-cie nt dinner when one of th» domestic sériants noticed a light in the front np tnirs bedroom Behoving nil tue family wer» do*vustairs, she called out to which no repy enme This evidently disturbed the thief, who immediatelv rando oil with hu booty, V subsequent ctamination ot the iront bedroom disclosed tho fact that the thief must have been busily at vv ork for some time The rocía facing the front bnlconv stands a little ui«tance from th» street md was entered bj means of one of th» narrow windows, the lock of whica was forced back, tho top pnnes of glass beinir broten m to» attempt On the floor were strewn large qaan. tt*ies ot articles, also a ni mber of drawers whi-h were removed from the che-ti, wardrobe, and dressing table, tho contents of sLveral being tai A quantity of v nuable, and jewellery va one of thedraweis re-i.meil untouched ^ lu a supplement to th« " Gi-otta " tho rubba Servico Bond innounc-s ceruin changea ia the OTjdiug of officer, in tbs Dejn rtoient oi the Attorney. General and ¡Lo Public li or_> Department Tim Waverley Council, at a special ueoU-sheld cn Tje-dcv, ajipouited c-- Aldcnr._n T F Di'l>:n to the position of inspecta- of nuisances, ic, out of 171 applicanti. Tho siliry attached to the office u £150 [cr annum. At die same _ecU_g _r G W. Wati-ius was appuinted assistant council der-, at a salary of £10(1 per annum. For t__ positon titra wet. i34 applications. At a meeting of the Auburn Connel on Monday evening, the aubcouicutlco aprom'-d for the par. pose recommended that a tow n hall be eueten on a suitable site, at a total probable cost of ¿ISM, in- cluding the cost of the lane. Mr. K. G. Watkins .s announced _i our advert__g columns os a candidate for the extraordinary vacancy in the rcpreicu'aiion oi Bondi Ward m the Waverley Council. At a general couucil of tac Fruitgrowers' A»scs_i. Con of Now South Wale» held on Frida- at Cart'« Hill a suggestion from B.ulk-ain Hills to secure lb« closing oi tho fruit mar.cts at 1 p m w aa ord-red to bo sent on to tho blanches lor ducn»-ion »nd report At a mcetmg of the comm-tieo of the N S.Ü F. See etics lield on thB Oth instant in the OddieUows' Hall, Mou-it-street, North Sydney, it was deed«! to hold the annual picnic at Clifton Garden* Hie officers appointed are :-Presiden, Bro James Hai_i ; vicc-pre-adent, Bro. J. Harding bon. Mcretary, Bro Alodarcll, hon. treasurer, Bro. J. Godwin The members of the Lodge Tranquillity illator-c) and a number of ladies wera the guests of ill, Quong Tart at a binu.net at hu rooms teste-day. Ab mt 100 persons were present, and -Cr. «*. L, Carpenter picsided. The third part of C-ssell's .' Fioyal Acad»my Pie. tures, 1S97." opens with a fine reproduc-tra of "Gleaner«," a work bv L- I-augoe, a rittg Eneli.h pa nter. Sir E J Poynter s great picture, " The Message," is aho included. Mc_r3, Gordon and GotcVs " Glrap1« of Aus- tralia " is nearme comp'eLon We have the MJi part, containing several saew« of much attractire iieis Throe Queensland p.cturea, a new of Eagle hawk Neck, which must bo januliar to many who have vi'ited Hobart, aud a bit of Lake St-Clurar» all veiy interesting. " Cassell's Magazine " for June opens with a new Russian serial by Mr. Headon Hill, and among other contributions may be noticed an Australian story by Mr. E. W. Hornung, and a story of the American civil war by Mr. R. W. Chambers. Sir Wemyn Reid's " Club Ghosts " is most agreeable, and musicians will like Mr. Dolman's paper about Handel in England. Part 2 of Casacll's " The Queen s Emp-ï " __ trates how her subjects trarel Toe two c'-an' tenstic Australian picture, are a Melbrmn.- truncar and a buggy m Adelaide. We might .stc mr. msbed a camel team or a Cobb's coach Th» net proceeds of the Panama»- Ha pit- Ball amounted to £112. The accounts mconce.tion with " Poor Sa'tu-ay,' inaugurated by the Newtown Lidies' Ee-evol'-t Sscittv as a means of «lebraOng the Qjesai Diamond Jubdee, havo been made up. Tia total sum realised waa £SS 