HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, November S. -The Attendance in the Assembly galleries grows daily thinner as the session apd the tongues of .members run on. On Tuesday; when tbo Speaker entered the Chamber there were but seven 'straneers' above the dock. one on the lower benches, and - Jess than 30 legislators within the bat No doubt ' the natural impatience of a sporting community to gain early news concerning the Melbourne Cup had something to do with the sparsity of the audience. Among tho absentees whom illness kept at home were Mr. McPheraon and Mr. Coneybeer. The proceedings began with the presentation of a petition in favor of tho Phylloxera Bill, and in reply to questions the following information was elicited: — -That there is no bitch in respect to the sale of State Bank bonds in London, that Ministers of Agri culture will meet in conference in Melbourne shortly on the subject of the reduction of fruit freights to England, that tbe Bundaleer Water works and the Angaston Railway will be pushed forward when approved of, that as the purchase of the Glenelg Railway will have to be approved by Parliament thove is no need to embarrass the Government by questions while the negotiations are pending, that the Closer Settlement Bill is expected to benefit all classes of tho community, and that the South eastern Drainage works have co3t £282,169. Messrs. Handyside, Poster, Catt, and Cock burn ridiculed the method of wheat-sowing commended by Mr. Riddoch, so far as the Holder Village Settlement is concerned, the allegations made in respect to it being that it is as old as the hills, that tho farmers know ail about it, that it was tried in the north a quarter of a century ago, and that it loads to the growth of a dirty crop. Mr. Poynton guve notice of his iuteiuion to seek the amendment of the Dog Acts, eo as to enable the Commissioner of Crown Lands to reduce the registration foos in certain cases, and then at 2.14 p.m. the business of the day was called on. After three hours of discursive talk the Closer Settlement I3ill was fiually disposed of, so far as the Assembly is concerned ; and at 5.17 p.m. tho Vermin- Proof Fencing Bill was picked up again in committee at clause 3. The main portion of the measure went through in a few minutes, but nearly an Hour and a half was spent over a new clause proposed l-y Mr. Poynton, with tho object of giving the vermin boards unlimited powers of ratiug instead of keeping tiie maximum at 10s., as at present Wli«u the dinner aiijournmentcame the matter \ was still undecided. I The niotiou that the report of the committee ' on the Closer .Settlement liiil be adopted called ! forth protracted talk, which at length settled j down into a third reading debate, ar:d Mr. Kingston adroitly touk advantage of this fact to persuade a sympathetic House to suspend the standing orders i-o a3 to allow the measure to be taken through all its stages without delay. Mr. Solomon was the on iy .member who raised any objection to this expedition, biityielding to pressure he gave way. Most ol tUe labor members opposed the Bill, aud Mr. Hourigan moved that it bo rtad a third time that day six months, but Mr. lioberts urged that it ia specially urgent that tUe measure should be passed at once. Mr. jPnce wanted the Govern ment to give .a house with the land to an i applicant without aoiic-y, and Mv. Solonvou iut,eri(?cted 'Why uot add furniture!' while Mr. Copley suggested the bestowal of au incutnc of t'100 a year. Ik-reupon Mr. Price said something about Mr. Solomon's good heart, and ibat gentleman responded that he has a belter head. Mr. Mclrillivray niado two startling elu'juincnts. Tho (iret was that] Mr. Copley knows nothing about farming, and the second tliar. sailors possessed of common seiiSu make the best agriculturists. ** Because they luve salt water and don't need ram?' suggested Mr. Jenkins. Mr. liouri gan described the Bill as iniquitous and charged the Government with in gratitude tor introducing it. 'Oh, they've done with you now,' remarked Mr. Copley, s.ud Mr. Burguyne added, ' \Wv-3 all done with you.' .Later Mr. Wood twitted Mr. i Huberts with inconsistency, and Mr. Carpenter] retorted that Mr. Wood's Jibpj'aiity consists in i the freedom with which he distributes castiga- ! tioiia. 'Oil, lie's not worth troubling abcut, ' { interjected Mr.O'Loughlin.and Mr. Carpenter j went on to aifinu tijat the otliur meiobersof i tl« Labor Party are quite as loyal ns Mr. I Wood aud equally :tble to interpret the planks j of tiiair platform. At 5.12 p.m. the division! came, and Mr. liourigan's motion was defeated, j the third leading taing carribd by SI votes to j IV the minority consisting of Messrs. Archibald, j liatclielor, Carpenter, Couiybter, Uourigan, McGillivray, i'ricc, .Sulierk, and Wood. Then tUe uuas-'.iru pawed and weut u-) to the Couacil. | ?\Tlien the Assembiy resumed its sitting on j Tuesday evening theie was a rather ijetter at- ! tendaiiue in thu galleries, .aud there were also j more legislators present than in tho afternoon, j After a little more discussion it was agreed to j give Vermin Boards power to rate lands up to j k\ per square uiile, and then Air. i'oynton sought to introduce a clause rendering the Go vernment liable for half the cost of a fence ad joining unoccupied Crown lauds if the Com- J missioner npprovea of its orection. Mr. j OXoughlin suggested aa an amendment that | it should be provided that when unoccupied j Crown land.? are leased the incoming tcnauti I should be liable for liaif the then value , of ihe boundary fence-. Mr. Holder, in j reply to objections, eaid tiie Icrcis sug- j gelled by ihe Ministry are those now m force ju respeet to pastoralists, aud he i auv sed that if this alternative wore not] accepted th-J whole matter should isa remitted | to the Pastoral Couircrission for report. Ml'. \ MortlocJ: told a story uf bow i)7(i sheep out of i » fiockof S.000 were icilied by wild dogs, and j he accused tbe Government of favoritism in ; the collection of rents, as well as inthceuforoe- J merit ci vermin conditions. Uotii he and Mr. | Miller urged that the Pastoral Commission j should Jjrinjr in ita report without delay. Mr. Archibald Kiid the Parliament ui South Aus tralia liad killed the pastoral industry. He declined, however, to support either the cjauso or the amendment because of the itumeusa outlay which might be involved to the State. ! Messrs. Uatchslo?1, Copley, Foster, Gilbert, ! Landseer, and McDonald also advised the ! House to bs cautious on this fencing question, j while Mr. O'Loughlin submitted that already ' much Rood bad been done in the Hill, aud counselled that this matter of Crown lands boundary fencing might be allowed to stand ! over. One fence from Port Augusta to Fowler's liay, ha said, would cost the Govern ment £1,030, and it would perhaps be better for the Stato to do all the work themselves, I charging higher rents for the country when fenced. Mr. Roberts accused the Government of breaking pledges, and ns a compromise con sidered tli at they might agree to pay a third of tho cost of the fence. . 'Wo haro paid £100,000 for sculps already,' interjected Mr. Kingston. Mr. Peake asserted that tho pastoralisls were always crying 'Givo, give !' ' Let them have the land for nothing and try how they get on before considering-whether they are to receive a premium for takingfup the country,' he urged. Mr. Burgoyno was sure that no sane man would take -up un occupied lauds on the terms proposed by Mr. O'Loughlin. Mr. Kingston affirmed that the Government wished to avoid mistakes. 'Then do nothing,' chipped in Mr. Bur goyne, thua giving the Premier ah oppor tunity to say that when the Com misaion reports it will probably be Cound better to encourage vermin-fencing and other useful improvements by extended tenure than bv heavy payments which had proved so disastrous in . the past. Messrs. Solomon, Foster, McDonald, and Castine advised delay until the report of the Commission is reooived, but Mr. Poynton cave startling . figures concerning tno , abandoning of country as proof of the urgency of the fencing question. ] 8ir John Downer expressed pleasure »t Mr, Kingston's recognition of the advisability of granting oxteuded. tenure : to pastoraliets iu returu for useful improvements. At 1L4 p.m. Mr. Uipoker clapped on the closure, and Mr. Poyriten's clanse was beaten by 22 votes to 14. Suggested clauses by Messrs. Mortlock and Feake were ruled out of order, and the Bill &3 altered was reported, the consideration of the report being fixed for nest night. The House roae at 11.26 p.m., the absentees of the day being Messrs. Grainger, Griffiths, and McPherson. Mr. J, A. McPherson, M.P., thochairman of the Labor Party, wbo has been suffering from illness for some weeks, was too unwell to take bis plaoo in the Assembly on Tuesday, and his colleague, Mr. Scherk, gave notice' that nset attemoon he would more that be be granted a fortnight's leave of absence. On the same day, in consequence of the indisposition of Mr. McPherson, it was inti mated by Mr. Soherk that on Wednesday next he will take* preliminary steps to wards tho introduction of a Bill to amend tho Police Act in such a way as to relievo municipal corporations and district councils from the responsibility of paying a moiety of the cosfrof police stationed within their borders. Mr. F. W. Coneybeer, tbe senior member for East Torrens, was absent for the greater part of the Bitting of tbe Assembly on Tuesday owing to the critical condition of one of his children, who is suSering from inflammation of the lungs supervening on an attack of croup. It will be remembered that Mr. Coneybeer lost hia youngest son from the same disease about ten days ago. At that time two others were seriously ill, but it was thought they bad advanced beyond the dangerous stage, when the son who is now in such a Ion' state suffered a relapso. Very great sympathy is felt with Mr. Coneybeer in his affliction. TCKSDAT, NOVEMBEII 2. Not only have the accustomed natrons of the Assembly galleries grown tired of listening to the debates, but legislators themselves are growing lax in their attendance on the deliberations of the Chamber, so that only 33 members out of J5i were present wnen the Speaker took tbe chair on Wednesday afternoon. To begin with Mr. Charles Buxton brought down a message from the Governor announcing his assent to the Supply Bill, and after a few un important questions Mr Scherk secured a fort night's leave of absence for his colleague, Mr. McPherson, on tho grouud of ill-health. A request for a polling-place at Nildottie was poatpcneU, but Captain Kandell obtained the establishment of a booth at Black Hill. Then Mr. Morris moved for the expbnditureof £4,000 in putting a drain through the Mount Hope Gap in the south-east, and for the construction of a mile of drain at an added expenditure of £1,000. This, bo affirms, will benefit 163,000 acres of land, while tho local district councils will carry out the rest of the work. The debate was adjourned,- and Mr. Gilbert secured the preparation of a returu concerning working mea's Mocks at Gawler, a, line or tivo being added by Mr. Price to secure a general state ment as to the financial aspect of the blookers' system. Mr. Homburg at 2.40 p.tn. rose to move the second reading of the Estates Tail iJill. the object of which is to allow the tenant for lifo of an estate to break the entail if he or she has no children and if the next in succes sion agrees. The Attorney-General thought that the measure wou'd work an injustice in some cases, but agreed to support the second reading on condition that it should only refer to future settlements and then only when no declaration is made by the settlor against it. Mr. CGpley was suspicious o£ the Bill, as was Mr. Caldwcll, but Messrs. Archi bald and Price went for it «ntlni3iastically. The former was especially vigorous in con demning the building up of a landed aristo cracy in Australia. 'What's your title?' asked Sir. Haudyside, and Mr. Archibald con tfiin-ptuouslr retorted, ' I don't belong to ttiat crow.' 'The Marquis of Mudliolia would suit,' suggested Mr. Solcinoa, and there was loud Jaugliter. Mr. Archibald christened Mr. ' Copley 'the Duke of Blackrock,'and expressed ? the hope that for his conservatism he. would ] recaivo ' tliogoU mudalof the AdoiaideCiub.' ' After further talk the dubsto was adjourned for a fortnight. Mr. Hague opposed Mr. Hourigan's motion in favor ot a free breakfast table, aud pointed out that last year the -duties collected on whisky were £40,300 as against £3-4,000 from tea, while tobacco, cigars, aud snuff yielded £49,000 as against £41,000 from tea, coffee, aud cocoa. Mr. Carpenter sup ported the motion, but admitted that thereare many things be3ide land values which may be severely taxed. Major Casting failed by 28 votes to 1(5 to get au adjournment of the debate and so applwd the closure.. Then the main proposal was defeated by 31 votes to 11, the minority being Messrs. Archibald, Brookcr, Batchelor, Carpenter, Coneybeer, Honrisau, ? MuGiUivrav, Price, Roberts, Scherk, and Wood. Mr. O'Mnlley's Testa mentary Dispositions Bill came next in order. Mr. King 0'Mallej- delivered one of the best speeches yet listened to from him in the Assembly when moving the second reading of ' thu Testamentary Disposition Bill on Wednes day afternoon. The chief design of the moaanna is to direct that when a widow has not been left at least a third of tier husband's estate she may apply to the Public Trustee for a judge's order grauting her a reasonable pro vision from the property. It is not honest or just, Mr. O'Mallcy argues, to give the husband power bocauGe of a deathbed caprice to leave his widow penniless, and he appealed to the House to release the wife from the control of the palsied hand of doath. Tho law guarantees a wife proper, maintenance during her husband's lifetime, and why not after death, he asks. He desires to divest dead husbands of: living powers and to deliver the living widow from tiie dictation of the coid grave. The widows had as much right to live aa the hus bands had to die. He acknowledges that many society ladies are prejudiced against the Bill, but bo prefers to rely upon the uubiasssd judgment ''of the good and sensible women of Encounter Bay and elsewhere.' 'Only bad husbands do as you suggest' interjected Mr. Wood, and Mr. O'lvliilioy replied Uiat laws are madeagainst a few burglars, and he wants to catch the bad Jiusband wbo disinherits his wife and 'leaves his whole property, asv a file insurance on his degraded soul, to somo church.' He adjured the House not to act like 'a midnight school of famished Texas prairie dogs barking at the imaginary ghosts of their -Je-, parted ancestors.' Ho referred to tho delusions under which some testators Buffered, and Mr. Handysido i mis chievously asked ' What is a delusion ?'; ' !Tho quick reply was' 'A delusion is. something from which the ri^norable member is suffering in respect to this Bill.' Then there was a loud laugh at Mr. Handysidei expense, the merriment growing greater when . 'Mr. O'Malley asked whether all legislators present would not rather ;shako hands with a living widow than with her dead husband. He paid an eloquent tribute to the character of-his dead , wife, who, he said, had been a partner to him in every eensa of- the woctJj and he asked what would be thought -of -him if he married a Soutb Australian girl and en his death left her penniless in favor of ' his . friends in America. Finally he announced that .the Bill was very dear to his heart and pleaded with the House to taUo it into com mittee without delay. He was rewarded with cheers when he eat down, And Mr. Holder briefly stated that the /Government would. treat tiie mattor aa an *-pen Question. He will support the seoohd readings aUJiotigh lie would l-ka the children considcrodfliBO, and Mr, Landseer took a similar view, as did Mr. Hom burg, -who remarked that though be does not admire Mr, O'Malley'a rhetoric be recognises the great importance of the Bill, whioh he con siders, when the' second reading has been passed, should be referred to a Select Com mittee or . Bo jal Commission, who shall ba empowered to report on tbe whole question of testamentary dispositions. Mr. Homburg obtained leave to talk again on the subject on Wednesday, December 1, Government business waB called on in the Assembly immediately after dinneron Wednes day^ and the Vermin Bill was advanced to its thud reading, which was fixed for to-day. Mr. Gatt then resumed the debate on the Gambling Suppression Bill, which he supported, although he regrets that the Totalizator Act is not to be repealed, and he objects to tbe privilege given to the police to enter a suspected place without a warrant. Mr. Kingston rather disconcerted Mr. Catt by offering to put £1 for him on the totalizator at the next races, but the kindness was not accepted. Mr. Carpenter voiced the same views as the member for Gladstone and affirmed that the working men follow the vices of the rich. The workers do not wish to gamble, be adds, as they generally lose by it. 'The rich rocster takes, them down,' sympathetically acquiesced Mr. O'Malley, while his colleague mildly pro ceeded to n'nd fault with the press for publish ing news of big dividends and other lucky wins. ' In Parliamentary sweeps for instance,' sardouically remarked Mr. Butler. 'I began racing at six years old and I am a member of ten clubs now, but it has done me no harm, and I have gained a lot. of enjoyment from it,' began Mr. Handy side, wbo somewhat sarcastically suggested that marbles, 'penny nap,' and sixpenny whist should be sup pressed. Gambling is only wrong when the man who bets cannot afford to pay, he thinks, and he philosophically affirmed that some people deem it wrong to go to a dance but not to walk home from a tea meeting with their arms round the waists of girlB. 'What an experienced old sinner you are,' exclaimed Mr. Homburg. Continuing, Mr, Handyaide said Mr. Kingston did not find his mount congenial in this instance, and that he was only kept going in the straight run at the finish by the W.C.T.U. He thought the Bill would have been better left to Mr. Holder, who is speedy on tho flat and will go at anything reasonable. The purse trick he condemns as a swindle, but he admires the totalizator, which keeps racing healthy without attracting big bookmakers from outside. He promises to support certain clauses of the Bill in which Mr. Peake recoenises the first result of the entrance of women into politics. He objects to the monopoly proposed to be gives to racing clubs, although he does not admire the drafting of tho Triumvirate, which he con siders is too much directed at securing^ convic tions. There are many thinly disguised 'purse tricks' spread about, Mr. Peake asserts, and a lesson now and then does a. man good. Mr. Scherk said he was suffering from neuralgia, but ho lioped. it would be better long before this measure passes in . its present form. He agrees that juvenile betting should be put down, and that gambling shops should be suppressed, but he urged the Go vernment to license a few totalizator agents. Mr. Gilbert spoke earnestly and with rugged eloquence against tho totalizator, which, he showed by history, was the real backbone of the betting system. When the Act was re pealed before, he said, the people who pretended to love racing had not the manliness and generosity to support the sport with the betting eliminated. Mr. McDonald urged that as the churches asked for this legislation some thing should be done to stop raffles at bazaars, while Mr. Wood complained that the measure is unjust and unequal, as it prevents the masses ?from betting, while it offers immunity to the rich. Mr. Moody said he often talked about gambling with his grandfather, who was born 150 years ago, and so could give reliable testimony that there was much less gaming in the world now than existed earlier in the century. Mr. Caldwell secured tbe adjournment of the de bate till next day, and at 11.2 o.rc. the House rose. The absentees were Messrs. Griffiths, Graino'cr, and McPliereoa. Thcbsdaf, Notembeb 4. Messra. Goode and Grainger turned them selves into notos of interrogation in the Assembly on Thursday afternoon, and the result was that question time spread over the first 20 minutes of the sitting. Mr. Goode was suspicious that the Bundaloer Commis sion had only been obtaining evidence from one side, but Mr. Foster, the chairman, re assured him on that point. Then ho bad enquiries to make about a particular bite noire of his and a suggested exchange of land, Mr. O'ljouphlin comforting his perturbed spirit in this instance. Mr. Grainger's trouble was an alleged influx of base, but cunningly -made, half- crowns from Germany, and Mr. Holder undertook to make full enquiries into the sub ject, while he promised Mr. Archibald to secure the substitution of new for smooth coins. AS tor wards Mr. Grainger sang the praises of cer tain hot springs in the north, which Mr. Jenkins, in reply, declared to he equal in eura tivo properties to those of New Zealand, especially commending tbatatKopperamanna. He stated that he will be glad to assist an ex pedition to the springs imder the guidauco of Mr. Caldwell by putting on «, special excursion train at cheap rates if enough people will take advantage of it. There were very 'few listeners in the galieries to hear the questions or the subsequent debates, and while Mr. Roberts was speaking on the Gambling Bill later in tbe afternoon Ies3 than twenty legislators wore pre eent. Mr. Foaterintiniatedthatnext Wednesday ha will move for the adoption of the report of the Bundaleer Commission. Dr. Cbckburn gave notice that on Tuesday he will oslt leave to introduce a Bill to establish a Public School Teachers' Superannuation i?und. Mr. Grainger Avas assured that tbe advisability oi amending the Standard Time Act so as to put South Australian commercial aieu on greater terms of equality with their rivals in the i ea6torn colonies was being considered. This ! intimation was received with general approval by the House. An hour was spent on the Vermin Bill before its third reading was passed, the rest of the after- i noon being devoted to tbo -Gambling Suppression Bil), concerning which Mgesbs. CaldweH, Roberts, Darling, Pi-ice, and Copley gave their views, and then the inevit able Major jumped up to move the adjourn ment of tho debate. The House rose at G.14 p.m.j tho absentees -of the day being Messrs. Cummins, Griffiths, McLachlan, McPherson, Miller, Mortlock, aud Pesike. The third reading of ±he Vermin-proof Fencing Bill was called on in the Assembly on Thursday at 2.20 p.m., aud Mr. Foster earnestly urged the Government to hurry up the report of the Pastoral Commission as delay might bo fatal to the industry. If a coai prehensive Pastoral Bill could not be intro duced this year, ho .saia, a special .session. should toe held early next year. Mr. GaldwjeJl asked whether Mr. Foster Had suddenly ^vofce up, and 'tiie retort was. that Mr. OalSwieH, utters endless platitudes, but never does wry-' tiring practical Mv.1 Coplay twitted .tfik. Foster with displaying the new-born neal of a fresh convert, and ho ' »vaa asked, if possible, to confine lirmBelf-to truth. Mr. Copley re torted on this by threatening to jquotts ' H&n-; : eard,' and Mr. Foster answered— 'I will look up Borne of jour -speeches.' Hereupon 'Mr. , Copley regretfully admitted that' he lias changed his views. In .spite «F jHibJio opinion, and Iiqb feuffsrS^l' politioaUj in oonsa quoace. Tiie 'dtSpuie vgiew *eriouB, mud tiie Speaker intervened, whilo Mr. Kingston re* marked— 'There does not seem to be any neces sity for hot water springs.' Mr. Burgoyae sui» : gested that Mr. Copley -ought to welcome fresh converts, and the Premier interjected that Scriptural quotation about the joy felt in Heaven over the repentant sinner. 'Mr. Butler expressed the oDinion that Mr. Copley had twisted more on tfie pastoral questionihato any other member. 'I admitted it' confessed Mr. Copley sadly- Messrs. Copley, Catt. McDonald, Burgoyne, and Butler all agreed that JtwiU be better to wait for the report of the Pastoral Commission than to rush into , panic legislation now. With this view Mr. O'Loughlin coincided, .and he affirmed that the Commission is going thoroughly into the whole subject, eo that he hope3 the result will be a report and a Bill which will prove satisfactory to the pastoraliBts. Ho is sure in the meanwhile that the Vermin Proof Fencing Bill will do «. great deal of good. Mr. Homburg doubted this, and Mr. Poynton was not at all confident on the subject. The latter gentleman accuBcd Mr. Butler of talking buncombe when he Baid that the Government would be run into endless expense if they paid half the cost of vermin fences abutting on Crown lands, and ho asserted that Mr. Archibald, a fellow labor member, had uttered 'clap-trap which made him sick.' Then at 3.24 p.m. the measure went through and passed up to the Council. The talk on the Gambling Suppression Bill was resumed in the Assembly on Wednesday by Mr. Caldweli, who poured* forth philosophy and poetry for three quarters of an how. H« mourns because the State has no standard of morality, and be urges that the moral conscience of the people should be educated by ministers of religion, who now, as in Jeremiah's day, are inclined to be dumb dogs, loving to deep. 'They make others sleep now,' commented Dr. Ccckburn. Mr. Caldwell hopes the ? parsons will be more faithful in the future thau in the past. There is ten times as much loss from speculations in mining than in gambling, he eaj-s, and ministers of religion are not blameless, as they are often anxious 'to get rich in a hurry, and they might as -well invest their money in thetotalizatorasinminingsharea. . Mr. Caldwell was quoting a Mr. Hill, who had written an article in the Westminster Review on tho training of children, when the Speaker intervened with the ruling that the Bill did not open up the whole education question. 'I am dealing with moral results,' pleaded Mr. Caldwell, and Sir Jenkin calmly replied, 'The honorable member must deal with the Bill.' The House laughed, and after Mr. Caldwell had argued that the proper way to nope with evil is to properly train the children, he subsided with a promise to support the BilL Mr. Roberts thought busi ness speculation the same as gambling. He agreed to vote against the totalizator and all forms of gambling, but declined to deal with one isolated phase of tbe eviL The Bill, he affirmed, would prevent bicycle sports, and he specially inveighed against ' the absurd and monstrous proposal' to allow police to enter houses if they have 'a reasonable suspicion' that gambling is carried on there. 'Acer- tain section with whom the draughtsmen of ttoe Bill mix,' he asserted, 'will be allowed to go on gambling, but the ordinary working man daren't do anything of the kind without fearing to see the No. 11 boot of a policeman coming through the door or the window of the miterabie shanty for which he pays such an exorbitant rent' The word of one constable, he complains, is often taken as being equal to the combined testimony of three civilians. He considers Mr. Kingston to be essentially manly, and he wonders that he seeks to countenance '' the mean contemp tible scoundrel who plays the part of An in former.'' Does a horse in the BUI include -all . quadrupeds'? he asked, and Mr. 'Kingston replied, 'No; a horse is aot a camel or' a goat.' Then the camel races of the Afghans will be illegal, and why should they be? Mr. Roberts persisted, and he accused Mr. King ston of never troubling himself to visit the far . north. 'I have ridden a, camel,' Baid the Premier with a smile, and tho retort was, 'You are riding a rail now.' Finally Mr. Rol-erts advised that the Bill should be taken back and redrafted. Mr. ' Darling commended the evident sincerity of the Government in introducing eucii a Bill, which be hopes will do something to kill the parasitical influence of gambling It would be a strain on legislation to repeal the Totalizator Act, he thinks, as it is better 'to bear tho3e ills we have than fly to others that we know not of.'1 He has a higher opinion of the police than Mr. Roberts, he says, and Mr. Kingston interjected — 'They are a very ex cellent body of men.' This sentiment was cheered by the House. Mr. Price said Parlia ment bj directing that bright children who pats the compulsory standard e.t a low age eliallpiy Ix weekly for their schooling afterwards have forced tuanr little onesontothestreets. 'There will be children m hell for the loss of whose Bouls this House- will be responsible!' he so]emuly and dramatically exclaimed. It is better to let gambling fester in one spot thaa that it should permeate the whole community, he declares, and he wishes to force '-thfl coward, the sneak, and the 'byprocrite who now slyly risks his money to go boldly on the racecourse if- he wishes to bet.' Let us, he eloquently cried, force the infernal machine out of tho lactory and tbe street end sway from the doorsteps of our workshops on to tha quarantine ground prepared for the infectious vice of gambling by the racing clubs. Still, if the totalizator is maintained he demands that the clubs shall establish shilling 'totes.' Mr. Handy side snorted contemptuously, and Mr. Price exclaimed somewhat paradoxically that that gentleman mixes with men who hare more sovereigns than shillings. Mr. Copley hopes that the Bill would do something to lessen the evil of juvenile betting, and with tbat desire he will support it. At -U4 p.m. Major Castine secured the adjournment of tba debate; and the House rose. But for tha gallant soldier's interposition the measure would have gone into committee on Thursday night. 