THEATRE ROYAL. STILL WATERS RUN DEEP" AND "THE CORSICAN BROTHERS." Mr. George Darrell and the company supporting him at the Theatre Royal presented another double bill on Saturday evening, brighter and more entertaining than the first. The two plays which come ' prised the new programme blended more acrimoniously than the others, and the versatility of the company not being so severely taxed the acting was less strained and the performances more acceptable. A light though quiet comedy, with much to interest and a great deal to amuse, nearly always provides a congenial entertainment and " Still Waters Run Deep," from the pen of such a master in that direction as Tom Taylor, thoroughly answers this description. Whilst detracting bought from the merits of the noting in " Still Waters Run Deep," it must be said that the sparkling epigrammatic dialogue and humorous situations of the piece were principally instrumental in provid- ing amusement to an audience which occupied all the seating accommodation and filled all the standing room "at the theatre on Saturday evening. The main action of the piece is centred in John Mildmay, a subdued hero, who per forms his heroism in a quiet, almost apathetic manner, but impresses them far more, perhaps, upon his audience than the stereotyped character cast in the melo- dramatic mould. He is an apparently care- less married man, but spider- like he weaves the threads of vengeance around the Don Juan Captain Hawksley, who seeks to rob him of his wife. In business affairs he assumes ignorance, but practises cunning-, and there is a smack of Nat. Goodwin's " gilded fool " in the way he upsets the calculations of his enemies. Mr. Darrell was quite at home in this character, which he played with every attention to the pre- dominating qualities of outward simplicity and inward astuteness. Mr. J. Ashton King gave a studied impersonation of Captain Hawksley which was very creditable, in view of the unsuitableness of the part to his style of acting. Mr. Ashton King is unfortunately possessed of awkward mannerisms on the stage, which he displays more in a " straight " part, such as Captain Hawksley, than in character business. Mr. Tom Cannam, as the fussy old Mr. Potter, was very humorous, and, like all his performances, the effort was gilded with the polish of a practised actor. Miss Rosa Conroy's portrayal of the character of Mrs. Sternhold showed a want of study, especially in respect to the lines. She played the part gracefully, however, and on occasions caused an outburst of laughter by her domineering control over the placid JVIildmay. Miss May Ellis was perfectly at her ease in the part of Mrs. Mildmay, and as in most of her undertakings she made the best of it, At the conclusion of the third and last act of the comedy the audience signified in loud applause their approval of a really credit- able production. It is questionable whetherplaygoersprefer to be amused first and made serious affect rewards or vice versa, and the effects might have been reversed had not the second piece on the bill been the ever popular "The Corsican Brothers." It was fitting that after three acts of bright comedy the audience, if taken into another realm of dramatic delineation, should have found it one by replete with stirring situations and impressive spectacular effects, A managerial note announced that the play was staged from the prompt books of the celebrated English exponents, Walter Montgomery and Charles Kean, and, though in only two acts, it gave much scope for a dramatic presentation of the highest grade. But to expect the accomplishment of this possibility would only lead to disappointment, and if the production had its defects they were at the worst not of a character to mar an interesting performance. In essaying such a piece Mr Darrell faced and surmounted a number of dignities, and on the whole the effort was a meritorious one. To. place two figures on the stage exactly ' alike in every respect, as is really neces \- sary for a perfect interpretation of the piece is admittedly an exceedingly difficult one, but the impression was nevertheless conveyed with good effect. Mr, Darrell impersonated M. Fabien del Franchi, and his counterfeit presentment was seen in the person of another member of the company 2 "The Corsican Brothers is too well known to need description, and it is only necessary to say that the thrilling story of the vendetta was given with striking ' fidelity. In the first act the vision seen by Fabien of the fight in the woods, in which his brother Louis was killed, just admirably staged, and the curtain fell amidst tokens of the keenest appreciation from all parts of the audi Thorium. The Forest of Fontainebleau, in the second act, was one of the most artistic pictures yet seen in Perth from the finish of Mr. Philip Howden. The snow tichuL wood was Highly realistic and reflected the greatest credit upon both painter and mechanist. The fight à la, Smart between Fabien and M. de Chateau Renaud, his brother's murderer, was the closing incident of the play, and was performed with life-like earnestness. The inherent love of battle in the British heart could not have been more strikingly manifest than in the excitement which prevailed throughout the house during this scene. As either, one or the other triumphed the gallery roared, and the audience were momentarilycarriedaway hythe impressive news of the contest. The victory of Fabien and the appearance of his brother's ghost immediately preceded the last fall of the curtain to the accompaniment of the heartiest approbation. Mr. Parnell!, as Fabien, infused all the requisite power into his acting, without trespassing so far into the province of the melodramatic. Mr. Harry Fitzmaurice looked well as M de Chateau Renaud and acted splendidly in the duel, which was the principal work he was called upon to perform. Mr. H. A. Meymott was well-placed as the Baron de TSIontgiron, and Mr. Townsend suitably filled the part of M. Alfred Meynard. Miss Alice St. John graced the character of Madame Saville del Franchi and acted very creditably. In the minor role of Marie, Miss Allie Senior was also very good. Mr. Tom. Cannam had very little to do as Bofssee, but did it well, and Messrs. J. Ashton Bung, Cranstone and Neville completed the cast. The incidental music by the capable orchestra, under the control of Mr. J. Stewart, was a feature of the evening's entertainment. The double-bill we repeated during the . week, and should have a successful run. 