Country Correspondence. -:0:- WIVENHOE POCKET. [Fno< A CORAeePONDENT.] Messrs. J. and E. Donald's factory was work ing all through the dry weather. They are at present getting 120 gallons, and the price is 4}d. per gallon. The two brothers have started a butter factory in Ipswich, and are doing well They get a good supply of milk at their three factories at Gallinani and Mount Beppo. The Wivenhoe Cricket Club is broken up. All the Boldens, Donalds, and others have gone away, and the old ground looks deserted. A pleasant afternoon was- spent at the Wiven. hoe school, the proceeds of the affair being in aid of the funds for the children's breaking-up function prior to their holidays. All the families that send children to the school assembled there at 2 o'clock. Both young and aid indulged in games and talk till half-past 4, when tea was served at two big tables in the school, and at every sitting they were crowded. Praise is due to the ladies for the way in which they worked to make the gathering a success, and the tea makers, everybody said, made a capital brew. Tea was all over by 7 o'clock. The cakes and tarts were made by Mr. Walters, at Fernvale, and they were a credit to him, judging by the way in which they disappeared. A concert was then toeld, at which the following programme was submitted :-Overture , Messrs. M'Gregor (piano) and Robertson (violin); song, " Para dise Alley," Mr. Farrell; song, " Teaching M'Fadden to Waltz,." Urr. Wertherston; song, "Stern Chase," Mr. Robertson; song, "Far Away,"' rs. H. Aldham; sneezing song, " Oh, Choo !" Mr. Hohkirk, which caused roars of laughter.; recitation, "The Ill-natured Briar," by Miss N. Aldham, S. Batter, and P. Donald; " Ghost Story," Mr. J. R. Atkinson; song, "Flower 'Girl," by all the girl scholars, each having a-wreath of flowers on her head and a basket of fowers in her hand. The baskets, wreaths, and all the flowers were tastefully arranged by Miss Aldham. Then came the song, "Hymn of Eve," by Mrs. Jones; son', " Rooligan's :zhristmns Cake." Mi. Farrell; song, "The Arab's Farewell to his Steed," idiss Hunter; a recitation by .Messrs. Atkin -on and hiobkirk, which caused much fun; a play and song called " The Awkward Squad," in which there were seventeen awkward volun teers, and " The Milk Maid," which was grace -fully acted by Miss Kennedy. The concert was terminated by all standing and singing "God Save the Queen." Praise is due to Mr. J. B. Atkinson for the way in which he discharged the duties of Chairman (and I must say that he was the right man -in the right place); also to Mrs. and Miss Kennedy for their attention to everybody. Dancing wvas next engaged in till half-past 2, and then everybody sought his or her home. There were about 160 people on the groend, young and old, during the day. The piano was kindly tent by Mrs. Donald. Everything looks nice and green after the refreshing rain, and stock are looking well. 