ITTTTV "Binni X . A ROMANCE. OF CORN WALL. By JOSEPH HOCKING,; Author o£ "All Men are Liars," "Fields oi. Pair .Renown." "The Stdry of "Andrew Fairfax," &c.; < ' : Chai'teij . .X.—What.-.'.Became.of the: Wreckers' Ligutt—How I Escaped .and Ekteiied Pennington. Aii hour later a number.of men were in the: kitchen of Cap'n Jack's house, and from the way they talked I knew they meant that the vessel which they had been watching should, that night be destroyed., Never until then did. I realise the utter lieartlessness of the gang. They seemed to care _ nothing for the lives of those on the ship which they harl decided to wreck. In •their lust tor gain nothing was. sacred to them.. As far as I could gather their plan was that I should lead Oap'n Jack's horse along the edge of the cliffs with a lantern fastened to its neck. This to a ship at sea would seem like the light of another ship. The false light would thus lead the captain to steer his vessel straight upon the rocks. Outside was a wiid, high sea, the clouds overhead were black as ink and not a star appeared, thus the doomed vessel would be at the mercy of the wreckers. It was Oap'n Jack's plan to haye his men in readiness to seize upon all the valuables of the ship and that the crew should be drowned, v They had made out that the vessel was bound for Falmouth, but that in the blackness of the night the crew would lose their whereabouts and would eagerly steer towards what they would believe to be the light of another vessel. Why I had been chosen to show the false light I knew not except that such a deed, by exposing mo to the vigilance of the Preven tive men, would bind me more securely. The}' did not seem to think that I should fail in doing this. As Cap'n Jack had said, to fail to obey the commands of the gang meant an untimely death, while to try and escape would bring upon me the same punishment. Every man was well primed with brandy and Cap'n Jack saw that, while each one had' enough to excite him to. wild deeds no man was allowed to drink to such a degree that he be came in any way incapacitated for tho work before him. , During the conversation,, however, I noticed that Israel Barnieoat spoke no word. Instead, he kept his eyes upon me. When the con ference was 'ended, however, and all their plans, which I have barely hinted at, because in my ignorance and excitement I could only dimly understand them, Israel spoke aloud. " Cap'n," he said, "the Squire have never done a job like this afore, he'll need somebody weth un.' • " We eaan't spare more'n one man for sich a job," was the response. "It'll need another, - I. tell 'ee," replied Israel. " Then thee o'n kip un company," was Cap'n Jack's reply. "Oal right," cried Israel, but he kept his eyes away from me as he spoke. "Tell 'ee where we'll begin," continued Israel, still looking away from me. "We'll take old Smiler right to the Lizard jist off Carligga Rooks, we'll kip 011 cloase by Polpeor an' on to Bumble. I reckon by that time she'll be 011 the rocks. You c'11 board 'or there ef needs bo and vye'll mit you in the saicret caave in Honsel Cove." "Iss, that'll do very well, sonny," was Cap'n Jack's reply. "By coose we mayn't: git 'er afore she do git to the Devil's Fryin' Pan or Cadwith, and ef you fail theer yon must git to Black Head as fast as yer legs can car' ee. But kip away from Kuan Minor, Israel, my sonny. The Preventive men be strong there." 1 "Trust me," laughed Israel. ' Cap'n Jack; went out and looked seaward anxiously. "You must start in a our or a 'our and a haalf, Israel, my sonny, and the rest of us must git down to the cove at once, ho said when he came baclo .. "Oal right, eap'n," replied Israel, I Jist want to go and spaik to mauther while the Squire do get the oull mare ready." I went out as ha spoke and then acting on sudden impulse determined to follow him. A minute later I was glad I had done so, for i saw that he was going away from his mothers house. He hurried rapidly along the Helston road .until he came to a little beerhouse, or as the folks called it a kiddleywink, which he entered. When I had arrived at the door of this kiddleywink I was at a loss what to do; neither could 1 make out why ho had come here. I had barely time to think, however, before Israel came out again and I saw that he was accompanied by a Preventive man. ''' I've got a job for 'ee," said Israel, .. ; i •"What?1 ^ „ "A chap showin' a false light to-night." "But I'd arranged weth the . cap'n to kip away an' to kip our chaps away." • '■Never mind that. I c'n maake et wiith yer while." ■ ' : •'Well, what eset?" " Be jist off The Stags at 12 o'clocl to night. A young fella will be laidin an ould grey mare." ,, • " But wot about the cap'n? ■ _ "I tell lee t'U be for your good. You do as I tell 'ee, Ellic, or, well, you 11 knaw u hat!' " But et '"11 spoil yer plans !" "Never mind. Look 'ere- " Then he talked earnestly in low tones so that I.could not hear. Evidently, however,; he satisfied, the officer, for I heard him say, " Olain off. A reg'iar feather in my cap and the cap'n waan t knaw." ■ _ ; ■ When Israel returned to Cap n Tack s house I had tile mare all ready. „ , "We'll go straight to Carn Barrow, he said shortly. "That wasn't Cap'n Jack's plan," was my reply., ••• -"Look 'ere, Squire, I'm to : work this. Ydu'm new to this work. I tell 'ee we must git to the Devil's Fryin' Pan by 10 o'clock and then git back to The Stags 'bout 12." "Yery well," I replied, "I'm ready." , j "'Tes a good two mile by road to the Fryin Pan," lie remarked. "And 'tes oppen downs nearly oal the way to The Stags. " He seemed to think a minute; then he said, "No, we waan't go so far as that, we'll jist go to Bumble Rock and then kip on the top by Poltream Cove. That'll taake us oal our time."' Heled the harse.arid I carried the lantern, which he said should not be lit until we came to Bumble Rock, which stands by a gully in the headland where the seas roar, with a terrible noise as they break upon the coast.. Not a word was spoken as we went along in the darkness. ' As well as I could I kept watch on him, for I knew he hated me. He was jealous of me for several reasons. For oiie thing since I had'come Tamsiii Truscott had ceased to notice him, and for another he was no longer regarded as the strongest man in the gang.f For years he had been proud of this, and now the meu laughed at him because I was able to play with both him and his; brother. Perhaps the wrestling match at which I had mastered him so easily had more to do with his enmity than the fact that Tamsin no longer smiled on him. For his I pride in his strength was greater than his love. " ... As I have said, it was a wild dark mght. A great sea hurled itself on the coast, although ordinarily it could not be called dangerous. As wo drew near the"rocks, however, we could hear the waves roaring like a thousand angry beasts. Bumble Rock rose up like a great giaut and seemed to laugh at the black waves which it churned into foam. The rocks which we could dimly see, for our eyes had become used to the darkness, seemed like the teeth of a hideous monster, • which would cruelly tear any ship that the waves should dash upon them. The thought of the' vessel, evidently bound for Falmouth Harbor, being lured to destruction, with all hands on board, was horrible to- me, and at that moment a great anger rose in my heart towards the gang among whom I had lived for two months. Hitherto, however, my hands had been un stained by crime,", and I determinedthat for the future, even although I should be hunted down by the men into whose hands I had'fallen, I would escape from them that night. ■. " I've got the tinder and the flint and steel,' remarked Israel, " we must git to .a lew plaace an' light the candle. Come' over 'ere. Tiler's a 'oliow behind the rocks, it'll do zackly." I followed him without a word until we reached a spot that was sheltered from the sea, although we could still hear the waves surging' aud moaning, while flecks of foam, often beat upon our faces. Perhaps there is no more lonely place on God's earth than this. That night the genius of desolation seemed to reign, while the roar ing sea told me of mad spirits ..playing with the angry waters. In the dim light 1 could see the long line of foam, while above the dark eliffs loomed ; landward nothing was visible save a suggestion of the outline of. the hills. . "Tes a gashly night and this es a gastily job to ,.be..done," said.Israel. "Ey agor, 'ow the waaves do roar," he . continued after a immite. "Yes, 'tis a wild night," I responded, and as if in confirmation of my words a great wave broke on Bumble Rook with a mighty roar, while a shower of spray and flecks of foam fell uponns. ... " Well, 'tes as lew 'ere as we can git it<any where," he said. "There now, you hould the lantern while I strick the light." " No," 1 replied. ' " Wot do 'ee main?' he queried. "Simply this," I answered ; "no false light shall shine on this cliff to- night." As I spoke I took the lantern and threw it over the ciiii's. Then I sprang upon him and caught his hands in mino. • • :•-> :■_' ., ,,, "Look you, Israel Earmcoat, 1 said, I know .what your plans are. '.I followed youas you went to the Preventive man to-night y but it is no use. The wreckers' light will notshme to-night, neither will Ibeoff The Stags at 12 o'clock."' • He struggled to be free, but I held him tight. . - •; .: • " You'll .suffer for this, ; he screamed;. " when Cap'n Jack knaws, you'll die. '' 1 fnust take chance of that," I said, . . Then I threw him , heavily on the sward. : .Taking some cord 'from my pocket, with which ;L bad provided myself before, starting, I. bound his hands securely behind him. Then I bound his legs. ■ ' ' ." Wot be 'ce goin' to .do weth me. now he shrieked. — 1 •' 1 "Nothing more." . . " But you beant, goin' to laive. me lie ere oal night, be*'ea ? : Why I sh'll die ov tlie.cowld." ■ . " No you won't,". X, said ;, " as ;you men tioned, this is. a lew place, and.you are not one "who will die so - easily. - You may. be a. bit cramped by.the morning, and perhaps you may get a twinge of rheumatics, but that'll be all. Besides, it's, far better; for you to suffer a bit than that yon vessel shall be wrecked. Now I'll leave you ;to your sins; I'm off." " Olf where?' " Off where you'll never see ineagain. You'll have company to-night," perhaps. It's said said that peter Crowle's ghost comes here on windy nights. ' I wish you pleasant company." : "Oh, doan't 'ee go," lie screamed ; . "I'm 'fraid of sperrits I be. Let me frc-e, Squire, 'n I'll never tell where you'in gone ; I'll zay you'm drowned, or tumbled ovver the cleffs or any thing, ounly do cut the ropes aud lev me be "No," I said; "while you are here Cap'n Jack will think the false lights are showing aud perhaps the vessel will be safe. As for the spirits you are the .strongest, bravest man .in the gang aud of course you are not afrad of spirits." . , , ,, „ "But" you beant agoin to take tn oull mare?' , : " Yes," Smiler will come with me. Good luck to you, Israel Baruicoat." I sprang upon Sniffer's back and rode away, leaving him in the sheltered hollow. The night was cold and threatened rain, but I was sure that, hardy and used to exposure as. he was, he would not hurt. When morning came lie would be searched for and found. Of course, he would tell his: story to Cap'n Jack, but by that time I hoped to be out of harm's way. At first I rode slowlv, especially until I got to Ruan Major. Arrived there, however, and having struck into the road over Goonliilly Downs, I went faster. I felt strangely happy, for it seemed as though a weight were rolled from my shoulders. Once more I was a free man, and I imagined that for some hours I should not-be pursued. Besides, all the time ! had been with Cap'n Jack's gang I felt that I was doing what was unworthy of a Pennington, and, worse still, what was unworthy of my love for Naomi. But more than all a wild scheme had come into my .mind—I would that night go to Pennington and try to see Naomi. The thought acted upon me like some strange elixir; to hear Naomi's voice, to feel, her hand in mine, were a joy beyond all words. How I was to do this I did xot know; what difficulties I should meet I did not consider. The thought that I should see her was enough for me, and I shouted for very joy. The hour was not yet late, and I calculated that by hard riding I could get to Pennington by mid night. Thus at the very hour when Israel Barnicoat had planned for mo to be taken by the Preventive men I hoped to be speaking to my love. . , , , In looking back I can see that my hopes were very unreasonable. How could I get Naomi to speak to me 1 At best she could only regard me as a landless outcast, whom she had once seen pilloried in Falmouth town and pelted by hooting boys. It is true I had told her mv story iu Granter hraddam s cave, and she had shown a desire to shield me from Richard Tresidder, but she must probably have forgotten all about it. Besides, if sue had not forgotten me. she would think me eitherdead or faraway. The letter which I had written at: Cap'n .lack's dictation would teli her that I was mi his power. During my two months' stay at Rvnauoe Cove I had asked Cap'n Jack concerning Graufer F madam's cave, but he always evaded my questions, and 1 did not" know whether she had received the letter I had written. At the same time my heart beat high with hope, and I was happy. For a true love, even although difficulties beset it, is always beautiful and joyous. As I rode along through the night even the wild winds sang love songs to me, while I could see the light of Naomi's eyes shining in the darkness, revealing her face to me, pure and beautiful. I am told that my days of romance are over, that I have reached that stage in life when the foolishness of young lovers is impos sible to me. And yet even now I cannot see a hoy and a maid together without my heart beating faster; for there's nothing, more beau tiful on God's green earth than the love of lovers, and I know that when a lad feels a girl's first kisses on his lips he lives in heaven f he loves her as I loved Naomi. There are those even in this parish who sneer at the bliss of. boy and girl sweethearts, but J, who remember the night when I rode from Bumble Rock to Pennington, cannot sneer; nay, rather the tears start to my eyes and I find myself fighting.irjy battles again and dreaming of love, even as Idreamed then. Smiler was a better steed than I had hoped. Saddle I had none nor bridle, but the halter which had been placed on her head was sufficient for me to guide her. Moreover, I had been used to horses all my life and felt as much at ease on a horse's back as on my feet. Thus it came about that before midnight I had reached the parish of St. Eve and was making my way towards Pennington. When within sight of the house, hovyever, I was in a dilemma, and never until then did I realise how difficult was the task I had set myself. The whole family was a-bed, at least I imagined so, neither did I know the part of the house where Naomi tPenryn was. Most likely, too, dogs would be prowling around, and I did not wish to place myself in the power of Richard Tre sidder or his son Nick. At the same time I vowed that I would see Naomi, even though I waited there until morning. ' So, tj'ing Smiler to a tree, I crept-quietly up. to. t Lie house and looked anxiously around. At first all seemed to be in darkness, but pre sently I saw a light shining from one of the windows in the baelt part of the house. Won dering what it might mean I went towards it and looked through the window. A blind had ! been drawn, but it did not fit the window well, and there was an inch of glass between & he i window-frame and the blind that was not covered. At first I could.only see the room in ; a blurred sort of way, for the leaded panes of glass were small, but presently I' saw more clearly. The room into which I-looked was the Iritehen and by the table sat a man and a woman. The man was Ikey Trethewy, whom' I had last seen in Graufer Eraddam's cave and who had promised to take my letter to Naomi: the woman was the Pennington cook. The latter was a sour and rather hard-featured woman of forty years of age. It had been a joke of the parish that Tryphena Rowse never had a sweetheart in her life, that she was too ugly, too cross-tempered. "Tt was also rumored, however, that this was nob Tryphena's'fault, and that her great desire was to get married and settle down. I soon saw that Ikey Trethewy was there as Tryphena's sweetheart. The table was covered with tempting eatables, of which Ikey partook freely, stopping between sups of ale and niouthfuls of chicken pie to salute the object of his affections. I saw, too, that these atten tions were by no means disagreeable to the cook, although she gave Ikey several admoni tory taps. It was evident, too, that Ikey's visit was clandestine. I knew that except on special occasions it was the rule for Penning ton doors to be closed at 10 o'clock, while it was now past midnight. ■ Probably Ikey, who had the reputation of being a woman-hater, did not care for his courtship, to be known, for T knew that he did not like being laughed at or joked in any way. I had not waited .long'when Ikey began to make preparations , for, his departure, while Tryphena seemed to be, trying to persuade him to stay a little longer. No sound reached me, however, and I imagined that all their conversation was carried on in whispers for iear the noise thereof might , reach the master or mistress of the establishment.; He succeeded at length, however, in breaking away from the embraces of-the fair cook,-while two huge dogs which lay by the.■■■kitchen fire watched thorn solemnly. Presently the door opened, and Ikey and Tryphena stood together outside. 1 hey were quite close to me,so thai: I could hear their-every-word, -k . "You wu'ant be long afore you come again, Iicev?" asked Tryphena. " . ; "Not long; my buty. Praps ' you . c'n get a hit a pigin pie next time." •' That I will, IJcey. But doan't'ee think, drev, tes time for 'ee to he puttin' in the baans: _ We've bin a-courtin' like this now for mor'n vive yer." ! , " Well, tha's nothin', Tiyphenea., Jim Jory ded court Mary Hicks thirteen yer afore they wur spliced." • ' ■ ,. las^; but I; ca'aant kip comp'ny weth 'ee like other maids. Ah' ted'h vitty fur we to be mittm every week like this ere." _ "Well, Tryphena, my buty, you do knaw I do love ee deerly. An' you be a clain off .cook, too. I pever taasted sich a vowl pie in my life, ther now. An' yer zay't shellbe a pigm pie next week." ' ' *' Iss, Ikev; but 'twud" be purty to 'ave a onie of our oan." "Mawther wa'ant 'eer of et it, nor Cap'n Jack nuther. 'Nother yer or two, Tryphena. and then I il go to the passen. Ther, 1 mus' be goin'." ' , Another sounding kiss, and Ikey crept away very quietly, while* Tryphena began, to put away the supper things. In a minute my mind was made up. I bad heard enough to settle me on my plan of action. I though t I saw the means whereby I could see Naomi. I waited until Tryphenahad cleared away the remains of Ikey's repast and was evidently preparing to go to her room, and then .1 gave the kitchen door, a slight knock, and, imitating Ikey s voice as well as I couid, I said, " Try phena, my buty, laive me in a minaiit." -. : ' ,She came, and opened the dooi quickly. :"-Ay; 'ee forgot sumroin',- Ikey,:deear'?" she said, and then before. she. recognised me I slipped in. , v v • . ; i he dogs.,rose, up with a low suppressed growl as though they were , in do.ubt what to do, bnt Tryphena, who was as anxious as I that the, household might: not' be disturbed * quieted.thepa. - ; ; , .' •'Maaster Jaspar .Pennington !" she gasped as she looked into my face. "That's right, Tryphena," I said.- f Sit down, I want-to talk with you, and I want you to do something for me." ' .... "No, I mustn't—I daren't. They do oal hate ee ere, Maaster Jaspar. Ef they wos to lcnaw you was - 'ere I dunnaw : wot wud 'appen." . Por :a moment a great bitterness came into my heart, for I remembered that this was the first time I: had ever entered,: the home of my fathers. - .And it. galled me beyond measure that I.shoiild have to enter at midnight at the kitchen door like a servant who came courting the_ servant maids. I quickly realised my position, however, aiid acted accordingly. ; " Yes. you must do what I ask vou Tryphena," I said. ' "I tell'ee I ca'ant." "Then Ikey Trethwey will be in the hands of the preventive men by to-morrow," I re plied, " and Richard Tresidder will know that a man has come to his house for years at mid night on the s]y." I did not want to frighten-the poor woman, but it had to be done. I saw, too, that I had said sufficient to make Tryphena. afraid to thwart me. " What do 'ee want me to do?" she asked. " I suppose no one can hear iis ?' I said. ''No, oal the family, ciptin' Miss Naomi, do slaip in another paart ov- the:-'ouse.''. — - — • I listened intently, but coiikl hear no sound : evidently all the family was dsleep. "You remember about two months ago that Ikey brought a letter to Miss Naomi Penryn ?" I said. "Iss." • ' "Well, I wrote that letter." "I knaw ; Ikey tould me." "Well, I want to see Miss Naomi." When ?' ' To-night. I want you to go to her room now and tell her that I want to see her." (I'd be continued.) 