Ile Was Haunted. Fischer's ghost has been laid, to the regret ot those who have cherished him as a winter story for the fireside He is no longer believed to sit on top of a three-railed fence as a clue to the discovery of his bones in a stagnant pooir But there is a mau in the Glebe who was haunted by a spectre which never left him. It was with him as he sat all day mending shoes, and in the dark and silent watches of the night it clung to him, and he began to Ionic upon it as a fearful part of himself until his tire would cometo en ter into the spirit land. 4It was a grim and hor rible experience, and all his days and nights were spent in trying to solve the enigma of its presence, and the way that he could lay it, as they had laid Fischer's ghost. The Worst of the matter was that it was invisible to all but him self; he was. worse than haunted, it tortured . him, for this spectre loved to give him pain. At length the means were given to him to free him self of its hateful presence, and he describes his last fight with it to our representative, who waited upon him at 86 Bridge-road, Glebe. "For the past eight years," said Mr. Wm. Burke, shoemaker, "I have endured very much from constipation and piles, no medicine seemed to do me good. At night I could not sleep, and by day I was too drowsy to do my work. Nothing I took could free me of pain, until I tried Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills, and now I can say that they are the best remedy. I have eyer known as they do not gripe or weaken, and; said do all that is said of them. I am a better man to day than I have been for years. It is a grand cure." Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills cure such cases, and positively cure Nervous Headache, Sick Headache, Biliousness, Indigestion, Dyspep sia, Dizziness, Liver Complaint, Kidney and Female Troubles. Sold by chemists and store keepers. . Price, ls l^d per box, or six boxes six shillings. - If not obtainable from your chemist or storekeeper, same will be forwarded upon receipt of price, the W. H. Comstock Co., Limited, 58 Pitt- street, Sydney,. N.S.W.-0. 