? THE GUARDIAN'S MYSTERY; OB, REJECTED FOB CONSCIENCE'S SAKE. CHAPTER VIII.—{Continued.) By the Author of "Carroll O'Donoghue." He allowed himself to be drawn, unresistingly, into the partially darkened parlour, and lie listened very patiently to her account of how she and Agnes came to be in their present unpleasant predicament Of course, her account had to Include a very special and extended reference to that which she had been so anxious, on the previous day, to conceal, confession, but she also explained to him how her secrecy had been to spare his feelings. "Thinking I was such a bigot, that even in my character of host I could not tolerate the devout practices" of my guests, I suppose," he answered, when she had finished. " I am much obliged to you, my dear niece, for your tolerant opinion, and as a punishment for the same, I command that you both wait for me to dress in order to accompany you." " Uncle Sydney !" exclaimed Florence in absolute dismay, " you to accompany us to Mass !" , " Do you want me to be guilty of the unnianliness of suffering you two girls to go forth unescorted at this early hour ? I shall be ready in a very few moments." And before Florence could reply again he had gone from the room, leaving Agnes and her -gazing at each other in dumb. amazement. Then Agnes recovered sufficiently to whisper— " We shall be late—dt must be almost six o'clock now." To whichi Florence in the same low tone reassuringly rejoined— "Well, If we are, dear, it will not matter so much, for we intend, you know, to get back to the High Mass." And directly afiter those whispered remarks Mr. Wilbur returned, looking, despite the incredibly short time he seemed to have taken, as neatly and faultlessly attired as ever he did when he accompanied the girls on their daily excursions. A-s Aignes glanced at him when, having gained the street, •bo took his place between her and Florence, she thought his face, with its clear, dark complexion, and fine eyes, looked unusually handsome. And then she took herself to severe task for having had such a worldly thought in riie midst of the recollection she was endeavouring to maintain, and she drew her veil closer, and murmured behind it very fervent Acts of Contrition, at the same time remembering, with a great deal of pain, what the Confessor of the previous day had replied to her troubled admission regarding this same Mr. Wilbur. By the time they arrived at the churc-h the first gospel was nearly over, and the congregation was so scattered about that there were many vacant pews, especially in the middle aisle. To one of these Florence, finding there was no usher, boldly piloted her companions, sending Agnes into the pew in advance, and leaving Sydney to follow them. When abroad, Wilbur had visited Catholic churches because of his interest in architecture, or painting, but he had never been present at any Catholic service, and now while the ?wo girls knelt and bowed their faces into their hands, he leaned back in Jiis seat (an attitude that Immediately stamped him as a Protestant to everybody in his vicinity), and looked at the altar, with its'vested priest, and two little axjolytes, with an air of keen P. J. O'CONNOB, Merchant Tailor, next Richmond Town Hall. A nice assortment fashionable tweeds just' opened* Firstclass tradesmen employed. Prices, fit, and material guaranteed to give satisfaction. A rial solicited. curiosity. He was too well-bred to look openly about him, but he seized occasional opportunities—as when the people knelt or bowed their heads—to do so, and he was, it must be confessed, a little diisgusted that his companions should be thrust for even a short time among such coarse, vulgarlooking people. The congregation, at that early hour, was similar in caste to the penitents of the dny before, the only difference being that there were more men among them , a good many of the latter being- old men as ridiculous- looking as the old man who had so excited the mirth of Florence. The bell rang for the Elevation, and Wilbur was absolutely startled by the sudden and simultaneous kneeling of everybody in the church but himself— Florence and Agnes were almost prostrate in the ardour of their devotion. There was no one to observe him now did he look about him ; he might do so as rudely as he wished to, and he did, feeling, in spite of himself, an awe as he saw the prostrate forms, and then turned his eyes back to the altar where the priest was making his own deep genuflection. When the time for giving Communion to the people came, he was further startled by the bustle about him ; every pew seeming to give up one or more of its occupants to the line of people moving toward the altar; even his companions arose for the purpose, and as he stepped into the aisle to permit them to pass, he felt within him.a sort of savage protest that Miss Hammond should be placed in such vulgar contact Singularly enough, the pro : test did not then include his niece; perchance, because there did not appear to be such a vast difference between plain-looking, undersized Florence, and the plebeian crowd, as between the latter and beautiful Miss Hammond. He watched Agnes as she gently urged her way, her slender, willowy figure showing an admirable contrast to the flabby, dowdy forms about her, and the thick coil of her abundant dark hair disclosing itself beneath the back of her bonnet ' When she returned to her seat, her countenance attracted him still more. It reminded him, with Its rapt devout look, of an exquisite painting he had seen abroad, and he found himself, despite all his efforts to the contrary, lookiing at her constantly, and wishing that she would take her hands from her face so that he might see at least its profile. But Agnes did not gratify liis wish until the Mass was finished, the priest had retired from the altar, and Florence had (gently touched her as a hint that it was time for her departure. Then she arose quickly and accompanied them out hardly conscious that, many of the congregation had waited about the church door in order to have a letter look at the elegant Protestant gentleman and his Catholic companions. The three were unusually silent on their way home ; Wilbur because of a rush of strange and impetuous feelings relative to Miss Hammond; Miffs Hammond, owing to the fervour of certain resolutions Which she had made ; and considerate little Florence, because she would not interrupt what she felt to be the pious silence of her friend. Not even Anne was stirring when they reached the house, and Sydney, searching in his pockets, had just began to deplore the absence of his latch-key, when Florence, with a laugh, produced it " Some good spirit I think," she said. " made you leave it on your studytable yesterday, and I seized it.", "Thus adding pilfering to the rest of your virtues, my exemplary niece," he retorted, playfully, as he opened the door, when he stole a look at Agnes. But that young lady did not return it: she was evidently very much occupied With her own thoughts. ONE BOX OF CLARKE'S B4l PILLS tomrrented to cure >11 discharges from tba Urinary Organs, £n either sex (acquired or constitutional), Grarel, and Paina in the Back. Guaranteed (IM from Heronry, Bold i n boxes, 4e. 6d. eaob, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Veudors. Bole. Proprietors, THK Lracour AND UlSMvn COUNTIM Dnoo Co.. Llnoitn. Bui' He looked at his watch when they were in the hall. It wanted a quarter of eight and as he put it back, he said in a, whisper— '" As breakfast will not be until halfpast nine, I think you two had better go to bed for an hour, or else, Florence, you might awaken Anne, and have her make you some coffee immediately." That speech aroused Miss Hammond. " Please do nothing of the kind for me. I assure you I am not in the least need of it. Indeed, both Florence and T have fasted quite as long in the convent ; have we not, Florence ?" Florence yawningly nodded. " Well, get up stairs, then, or Deborah may find us." And he turned to go to his room. The girls had begun to ascend, and had mounted a step or two, when Agnes, as if prompted by some sudden impulse, turned, and darting past her companion, ran lightly to Mr. Wilbur, overtaking him just as he reached the threshold of his apartment. " I have been so wanting in gratitude, in courtesy," she whispered, breathlessly, "I have not yet once thanked you for your kindness of this morning. I "—she stopped abruptly, being a little abashed by her own boldness, and by the penetrating, though kindly, look of his eyes. He retorted playfully: " Arfe you sure that you are really grateful ?" and then for one Instant he flashed involuntarily upon her a look that told even to her that deep regard in which he held her. She turned from him, her heart beating wildly, and her cheeks so brightly blushing that Florence, who had waited for her, inquired curiously : "Whatever have you two been saying? Your cheeks are like peonies." " Oh! I was just thanking your uncle for his escort," replied Agnes, half pettishly, and when the two had gained their room, and Florence, announcing her intention of taking her uncle's advice with regard to going to bed for an hour, had begun to disrobe, Agnes having removed only lier bonnet, threw herself into the easy chair, and sat staring before her with the air of one in deep mental trouble. " Agnes Hammond!" ejaculated Florence, when she had watched her for a few minutes, " is it your devotional meditation that gives you such an expression? If it is, I shall not have a word to say. though, even in that case I do not see why devotion should make you so sad looking. If it is not the case, do say what is the matter, and whether you are coming to bed like a respectable Christian, or Sf you intend to sit there, looking as if you saw the ghost of somebody." For reply to which S]x>eeli Miss Hammond suddenly burst into a fit of uncontrollable weeping. " Agnes ! dearest, darling Agnes ; what is the matter ? Have I said anything to hurt you ? Has Uncle Sydney said anything ?" And Florence, in the act of doffing her dress by lifting it over her head, rushed to her friend, leaving the garment hanging most uncomfortably about her neck, the consequences of which was that Miss Hammond, being forcibly embraced, was -wrapped smotheringly in its folds. Indeed, the effort to free herself, and to regain her struggling breath, did no little toward stopping her tears, and enabling her to answer— " No Florence; it is nothing you have said or done, and nothing your kind uncle has said or done; it is—it is that I should be so recreant to graces which I feel have been giv^a to me; that I should be so weak in the matter of resolution." And Miss Hammond looked very earnestly and very pitifully at her friend. She had certainly told the truth, but she had told it in such an enigmatical way that it was most likely her simple, trusting, unsuspicious companion would never dream of the facts that prompted such a confession ; and she was right; poor little Florence. 6aw in it all only another proof of the ardent piety of her friend, and she exclaimed, in her generosity : "Agnes, you are so good, I really think you are intended for a religiious. Oh, dearest Lord ! how much ashamed I ought to be of myself. Do, Agnes, love, pray for me, that I may become like you." And Florence, with her dress still hanging ludicrously about her, sat herself upon the floor and looked up into Miss Hammond's face with a most woebegone expression. To do Miss Hammond justice, she did shrink a little this time from the compliment of her friend. " Intended for a religieuse!" Never had there been a bigger or drearier mistake. Could Miss Deborah Wilbur, at that instant bestirring herself from her morning slumber, have looked in upon her guests, and then have glanced down into her brother's room, where he, Instead of seeking any repose, was sitting at his dressing-table, his face bowed upon his hand, and his whole attitude expressive of deep and painful thought, her temper would have taken a more than usually acid turn, and was it given to her to know the object of her brother's troubled cogitation, not alone upon Anne would she have vented her wrath, but upon her guests as well. Her wrath, however, received sudden kindling at the breakfast table. Her brother asked, with seeming carelessness, whether she would attend the morning or afternoon service. " The afternoon," she answered, somewhat snappishly, "having so much housekeeping to attend to"—darting a little spiteful look at Miss Hammond— " I can't get the time some folks can for going abroad." Sydney gave her a warning glance: then he said again, in his apparently careless way : " Then, since you are not going until the afternoon, I shall attend our young ladies to their church." " To their church—a Romish church:" Her astonishment and Indignation made her lose all guard. " Yes; to tJheir church, a Romish church," answered her brother, with exasperating coolness. - " And do you intend, Sydney Wilbur, to enter that church—to be present at their Romish service ?" " I do intend so doing, and Deborah," his voice changing to a» appalling sternness of accent " I desire, and in sist that you no longer Insult our guests by the use of that word Romish —you will please employ the term Catholic." His reproof, administered in the presence of her hated guest mode her so angry that it inspired her with a very unusual and sort of desperate courage. She absolutely jerked herself from the table, saying as she did so— "When Sydney Wilbur forgets, for the sake of his guests, the consideration due to his sister, it is time that his sister should retire. And she bounced from the room, leaving the guests looking a little frightened, but Wilbur, without a ruffle in his countenance, touched the handbell for Anne, and desired her to remove Miss Wilbur's plate. (To be continued.) One of the most exciting events of the closing day of the recent Royal Agricultural Show, Sydney, was the tug-of-war. "B" company, Irish Rifles, met and vanquished "H" company, Second Regiment. The Permanent Artillery team also met and beat " F company, of the second Regiment. Then the Irish Rifles and the Permanent Artillery tried conclusions. Their three pulls formed the subject of a good deal of excitement First the Irish Rifles scored, and then the Artillery ; and lastly, after a desperate struggle, the Irishmen were proclaimed the winners. A protest was lodged against the Irish Rifles, on the ground that some of the men who competed had not passed into the ranks of the corpB, also that they did not wear the regulation boots.—From a contemporary. For food value in Drapery, Men's and Boys' Clothing, visit 3. Molony's Waterloo House, , corner Ohnroh and Swan streets, Richmond, He has purchased Mra.Glanee'a stook of Drapery, Millinlry, and Underclothing at eaomons discount off cost price. The whole will be offered on Satarday next, less than naimfketnrer's pries*. Inspection invited. 