Queen Ellzabet1's Ghost A very remarkable story is published in the "Daily ,Mail," to the effect that Lieutenant A. St. Leger ,lyn, 3rd Bat talion Grenadier Guards, has seen Queen Elizabeth's ghost in the library at Willd sor Castle. The following statement was made by the Lieutenant's mother, the hon. tirs Carr Glyn, to the "Mail" Investigator: "It is perfectly true that my son has wit nessed something abnormal. He was,he tells ime, sitting in the library of Wind sor Castle, reading a bookl-The History of Dorsetshire, to be exact,. As he read, he became aware of somneone passing in the inner library. I-IHe looked up and saw a female figure in black, with black lace on the Isead. falling to the shoulders. The figure passed across the library to wards a corner which was out of view as my son sat. and he did not take much notice, thinking it was somebody else reading in tile inner room. This was just upon four in the afternoon, and an attendant soon afterwards came up to close the place. My son asked who the lady was at work in the inner room, and the attendant repllied that no one else was in the library. My son assured the attendant that a lady had just before walked across the inner room. 'Then where could she be?' asked the attendant, having ascertained that nobody was in the inner room. 'She must have gone out of a door in the corner.' said my son, indicating a corner to which the tigure had passed. 'But there is no door.' said the attendant. My son said no thing about this incident, and did not think much about it, I understand, until Mr Holmes, the librarian, asked him about it, the atten dant having mentioned the matter to aIr Holmes. Asked by AIr Holmes to describe the figure lie had seen. my son did so, and Mr Holmes replied that my son had seen the apparition of Queen Elizabeth. Mr Holmes added there were records that this apparition haunted these rooms, but Lieutenant Glyn was the first man in our time who had seen it. The Dean of Windsor also asked my son about it, and seceral members of the RoyalFamily have interviewed him on the subject. As for Mr Holmes, I am given to understand that he has spent nights and days in the library since, in the hopes of being vouchsafed a visitation." The lion. Sydney Carr Glyn, the fam ous Crimean veteran, and the father of Llcutenanat Glyn. said:-"If my son says he has seen anything you may take it from us that he has seen it. He is a fresh, honest English boy, and he wouldn't exaggerate anything a hair's breadth." Both the hon. and Mrs Carr Glyn gave permission for the publication of this statement by their son, subject to the sanction of Lieutenant Glyn. On Sunday night a telegram was despatched to Lieutenant Glyn, soliciting leave to give the story on his authority, and on Monday morning came the a'nswer: "Cer tainly, if you like.-Glyn, Grenadiers. Is lay." The representatives of the "Daily Mail" next saw MIr R. R. Holmes, F.S.A., the librarian of the Castle, and writes: Mr Holmes conducted me to the scene of the alleged apparition He says that this gallery has had the reputation of being haunted by the ghost of Queen Elizabeth from time out of memory. His recollec tion of the story dates from twenty seven years ago. and he has been in the habit of spending Hallowe'en in the gal lery for several years in the' hope of en countering her deceased Majesty. He had heard some rumors to the effect that the Empress Frederick hadl. when a child. seen an apparition in thie gallery. and on her visiting Windsor next week hopes to secure some corroboration or denial of the rumor. 