WHIFFS, IB? 'PlLORW.'! 1 What a piotore Mr: Stephens has . given ua dnring the paat week. Here was a man who made one of the most serious charges it was possible to make against a Govern- , meat. These charges he reiterated and refused to withdraw, when called upon to do so. Now I do not say one word against this if Mr. Stephens thought he was really in the right. But when the time oa me, as of course it was bonnd.to do, for him to ' l^nnlr nn kia nna MAnf ItA nwmln . refused to say a word, and ibough asked to reply, to Sir H, Tozer's remarks in defence of . the Government, he declined, ^fr.' Stephens, to my mind, shows in a very, sorry light in the affair. If he had a spark ; of manly feeling he would have either at tempted to prove his case, or withdrawn the expressions used. As it is he simply con tented himself with making some rather inane interjections during the ActingPre * mier's speech, with neither point nor wit in , them. Mr. Stephens all through has acted more like an overgrown boy than a legis lator, and has. certainly lost what little respect many persons in the colony may have had for him. ' 1 * + * As, to the question whether it is right or wrong to pay members ot Parliament for servioes rendered on a Commission, that is a matter that I have several times pointed out is open to grave objection. Although there may be nothing wrong as regards the appointments to the Land Commission, it would have been far better had either others than members of Parliament been chosen for the work, or that if it were really con sidered necessary to have Parliamentary representatives on the Commission they should only have been paid their bare expenses. At the same time, it must be acknowledged that it is hardly fair to expect members of the Assembly to leave their business for two or three months when Parliament is not sitting and devote their time and brains to working for the good of the colony for nothing. There is, therefore, as will be seen, something to be said on both sides, but there can be no doubt, whatever, that it is far better to remove any chance of such accusations as those hurled at the heads of the members of the Ministry. * * * * These has been quite a flutter in the cricketing dovecot in Brisbane over the pro posal to import a number of New South Wales representatives to assist our metro politan knights of the willow in their forth coming contest against Stoddart's team. One gentleman went so far as to term it ' an insult to Queensland cricketers.' Well, possibly this may be so, but, after all, what can our touchy friend expect ? It is certain that a Queensland (let alone a Brisbane) team is quite unable to make the ghost of a show against such a combination as Mr. Stoddart is bringing out, and the Cricket Association can hardly expect people to pay for witnessing such a fiasco as would inevi tably result were only Brisbane men picked to play against the Englishmen, and although iruo ili LLLi it* prtjbtiy weii cuntun co win any way, patrons would at least get a show for their money were such men as Iredale, Gregory, M'Kibbin, &c.;, to be engaged. It is no use in blinking the fact that we in Queensland have not yet really learned how to play the game, and although Brisbane people may not care, to take the medicine, the bitter pill may just as well be swallowed with good grace. \+ * * * *= I suppose, with the advent of warm weather, we shall be hearing the same weary old cry about public baths being a necessity. I, for one, have harped on the string tUl I am pretty well tired, but must, nevertheless, once more enter my protest against there being no baths in a large town like ours. It is certainly a crying shame' that with a hot climate like ours, there should be no single place where a person can go for a swim. It surely only requires someone with a little energy and enterprize tq inaugurate public baths for them to prove a success. Bundaberg has one, and yet Maryborough people ruffle their feathers quite indignantly if anyone hints that we play second fiddle to our neighbours. We have no place in which the rising generation can be taught to swim, and this in itself is a consideration of great importance. It is not everyone who can run down to Pialba, and even if they can do so, it does not meet the exigencies of the case. Last year tbe matter was taken np in a sort of half-hearted way by the Council. I can only again ex press the hope that this year will see tbe fulfilment of the dream, ***** Talking of Bundaberg, I see that Mr, W. 23\. Curtis, of that town, has quite lately written a capital letter addressed to the youth of his town, urging upon them the desirability of doing something more for their own good than loafing about the town during their spare time, talking football — half backs, three-quarter backs, tries, goals, & c. He advises thein to start debating classes, join the volunteer force, and in other ways to try and ?' improve the shining hour.' But I am afraid Mr. Curtis will find he has rather stoney ground to work upon. Sport is all very well in its way, bnt I, with the writer of the letter, fear our. youth axe so much bound up in it, that they allow far more important matters to go to the wall. It is no use in closing our eyes to the fact that our boys and young men are so taken with sport of various sorts that they are' losing grand chances of improving themselves is other matters that are of far more importance to their future well-being. It is sport, sport, sport, morning, noon, and night. Watch nine out of ten of our young men open a newspaper. Their first glance is directed to the Sporting column, and mostly when they have read that through j the paper is dropped like tbe proverbial ' hot potatoe.' It is a great pity that this is so, but it is quite true nevertheless, and is a fact much to be deplored by all true lovers of our otherwise grand Australian youth. 