A Miracle in Sydney. t CASE .INYESTIGATED B Y A SCORE OF PEOPLE AND VOUCHED FOR BY 'A PROMINENT MEMBER OF PA& LIAMENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CON SIDERED INCURABLE BY TfcPE FIRST PHYSICIANS -OF TBE WORLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CON QUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR WILLIAMS; PINK PILLS. (From the "Australian Workman.") On Tuesday afternoon our representative made his way to the. humble h >uie of Mr, Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crowu-laue, Ultimo. He .was discovered nursing a two vear old baby, and his face declared hiin tb -bb; one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answet the knock at the door. Although . pajle and bearing still the m jrks of a critical illness .and a period of pain it was very clear he was an invalid on the rapid ' r >ad| td convalescence. ; £ In reply to the preliminary-question, he said: "You want to know all about my case? Well I am glad of- an opportunity, to. tell you., 'fhe facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.," ' "How long were you suffering?" "Well, twelve mdnths ago I was so bad that I have done .. nothing sinee than. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in -Pitt-street - Sydney, 'Since the accident I have, been- in failing' health, and after four ..yearA'df gradual development of the malady, I was force I to give up my billet at v5he Glebe Island.":.' " . '.is «'-!»-) e,-i; -| ''What were the. svmptons?" ,v- "Simply indesc: ib.iole. The paius were some-Cling terrible. They were jus't about as mucli-as I could beat'. They were for 'nil 'the world lilce'H>i"if a aa ww e re cutting ny b ios in two in every pirb of me. I !iad no o.itiol over -my bowels or bladder and was a nuisance- to myself and every one else. I was" incessantly shivering and shaking, and. could neiiher eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw"A wel'-known doctor and lie told ine'that in /" case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Direc or of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the ordsr .. i> "No ; I came home and went to bed, .and have been pretty, well in-: -bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in tact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then ;that it was all over with raa,.and only a question of days .when I would give up tha ghost. Mv -doctor was attending me, and did all he could -by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five - or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor, ataxia, or Progessive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and diffiiiilty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might las for ten" years,., and that T might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to sliowc..lihat medical opinion is not infallible.) ,Well,jusb a a drowning man will grasp at a straw, 1 grasped at an i«l«a''i conveyed! "By Clhe.' advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boilerimkker in England, which . I read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' P'tik Pills for Pale People. I read in" the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. T determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvel lous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and 1 rest I had for many a day. It wis in- .credi le. I immediately left the bed and was able to' move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past -four weeks, and am now taking the fifth,, hox. I can walk about with the aid qf ai stick and am gradually, bub surely, recover ing-:my former vigor and vitality. You see -those crutches there? Thay are per fectly new, and I have never used them. ..They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All „L want is this stick, aqd Xj)Qpe soon to do 'without it. You see I am rapidly regain ing ray strength.". " He is 100 per cent, hetter," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had coihe in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Pink Pills have saved his. life, and made another man of him.'' A friend who .called in at this point, said , that Jaivis looked ten" years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. " I can now," continued J u'yis, " have a. cold bath, and all the feeling, has come back in my '.egs. Xf.I keep .going on the way I am, I hope to . be .a ble" ,to resitniel .work as "a boileripAkqf, .adyr.q.u knowT- ;haye jto Ijf in pjjiealth an(l , strength ' 'I®. W;Oi'k; - at tha't trade! l am hifltter to day than I have been at any time 'the past five years. I ascribe all th« change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain ndw," whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepiece there is a box' ofopium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they; can, stay, where they are; for i no longer' need them. Everybody who. knows me has been amazed atthe change in me. Thsy can hardly believe their 'eyes. My being about again has' caused quit6 a' sensation ont here." Siich is this rebaaikable ' history, and it oonfirms what is said in-all the chief news papers of this cpuntry of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, jfor, Pale ., Feople.. They, .en re locomotor ataxy, pai tial paralysis, and spinal .disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, ; pale and sillow complexion, general muscular weakness, J indigeston, loss of appetite, shortneas of breath, pains in the back,, nervous, headache, eto. Mr. J. S. T.. M'.Gowen,. leader of the Labor party in the N. S. W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give tip his work'at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve, months ago, owing to a malady which he develope'l.. He after- : wards-heard that .Jarvis was.bed-ridden, and that thhere was little chance of. his recovery. He understood Jarvis was rer fused admisson to tha-Sydney Hospital, as his case ha I been prouoivnced incurable. Mr. M'Gowqn wgSt.theji'qfqi'e.like everyone else .who kne.w the ifaetSj . astounded at tbej complete recovery: of Jarvis, Dr- Williams' .Pink. Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Gov.. ' Q leen's Place, Sydney, who will'" for ward '('post paid ) on receipt of stamps or post order 1 box for 2s 9d, or dozen for. 1.1 4 91. 