THOMAS JAEVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday af tornoon, our representative made hio wav to tbo humblo home of Mr. Thomas :Jarvio, *. 5 Crovrn-Lano, Ultimo. Ue iroa discovered nnrsintr a two yoar-old baby, and Wb faoe deolarod him to bo one of the vhapplest men in Sydney. Ho wca up and about and able to answor tho knook at tho ^fflfto Although p^-le and ho.irinp: otill the warka of a critical illnoco, and a period of pain it'traa very clear that ho wca on invalid on the rapid road to convalocconco. In' reply to tho preliminary questions, ho ?ndd: .?' You woni to Irnor; oil r.bout my caco P Well, I am glud oE nu opportunity to toll you. The facto may boo£ voluo to tboco who aro ateioiceri os1 1 T7a3.' 'How long woro yoncuuoring ?' ? *' Well, twolvo montbo ego I got eo bad that I bad to ? . ? . , LEAVD OFT VOEK, andJLh-qyo dono nothing oinco then. About aTe^yearoa^o, nozt Chriutma^, I met vith un acoldent ; I woa badly ccalded while taking a bathlih-Pitt-otreot;, Sydnoy Sinoo tho acci dent(lihtwo beoa in fciling hcaHh, and aftor four jyoaro -.of gradual development of (he malady, 1 T7ao forend to givo up my billot at the Gleba Iolond.' ' What rrco thooyniptomG ?' 'Simply .indescribable Tho piino wore ?omethin-; torriblo. Thpy woro just about, an nraoh as I could bear. Thoy woro for all tho world like no ifu BAX7 WECE ODTTIKO in BONED in two in evory part of mo. I lind no coutroi over my bowolo or bladder, end wr.3 c nuiosneo to myself and ovoryono ol^o. I t/co incc:zr.«tly Shivering and ohr.bincr, and could noithor oat nor sleep. On, the 23rd Mr-rob test I si^ -; trell- known doctor, ond ho told hid that iny oasowao utterly hopcler.3,' IIopov( r. Vie gr.vo jne an order to tho Diroctor of Charitablo .InutifotionB.' ,. ;. ? ???.Di^ you matro ueo of tho prdor ?' ,'.,;♦? No; I oomo homo -aud wont tf- bod, ann liava been pretty woll in bodevnr cinco. 17ivo W0eR9- Bsjo.iuuuiu . huu-wuiu ucro^a iuo lionr; in.fsot, I could noi trot out of bod. I folt then lihafit was K:j:-- .. ' ALL ovnr. tjith tic, and'only o question ol dcya v/hon-I-woulduivo np the ghost, ily -locto:- mzz -attending inp. and did all ho could, . by opium and morphia ?pUlB,'tffeaBo{iho o»o0y I wnain. Iwr.aundcr him for five or six \7coLtj. Ho csmo to tho conclusion that I was suffering from Looomotor ataxia, or Progessive locomotor ataity, a diseaBO of the 'spinal cord, characterised by poouliar disturbances of gait and difficulty incoordinat ing voluntary movomonts. Ho told mo that I might lint for ton -oaro, and that I might novor got tho hgo of my lo^o. (Junt thon tho pationt Incited hie legG abopt with onorpry to obow tliet mndical opinion io not infr.lliblo.) Woll, junfc as r. dtotrainn: tnon will L-rcnp at a straw, I [jrr.spcd ut sn idci convoyed by tho adTOrticomont doccribing tho euro oficci^d in tbo caso of another boilorariior in England, whioh I rc^d in tbo '? A.u'lLrr.lian Workman,' by Dr. Willbiao' Pink Pillo for Pulo Pcoplo. I re?.d in tho cdvorticoc.^nfc of a cczo which ECoinod to fit my own, I dotormincd to givo tho Pin!: Pilb c Irir.l r.a^trcy, r.nd oniiT ror. a zor. Tho effect wr.3 cq raw vollona ca it wr.o mn^ical. I wc3 cb!o to cat end ck;p r.3 though nothitrj 'nao tho Estisv with mo. It was tbo firct appotito and rest I had for many a day. It nr.3 ino'cdtblc. I imcicdir.taly lcZt tho bed end wca ablo to wovo about. I havo tr.lron four boncn o2 Pink Pills daring tho pr.c!; four weak, r.nd r.m now taking tbo fifth bon. I CAIJ WALK AB0T1T \7itli tbo r.id of c, otiofr, find Dm grcdur.lly, but nuroly rocovoringmyfo me- vigor and vitality. You i'G3 tboco erntches tbcro P Thoy cro por fcctly iuw, tind I havo novcrnond thorn, Thoy woro tando for mo beforo I got tho Pin!: PHIt, bufc I wno too weak to r;3 thorn, end now I don't want thorn. All I nr.nt io tbi3 click, r.nd I bopo coon to do wiiliont it. Ton cr.a I r.m r.-.pidly refining ray cV.-oagtb.''1 ' Uo io a 100 pjr c-nt. tsttor,' cr.iu iars. Jtrvio, ^bo had como in end takon tho br.by on her kneca. ' Tho Pint Pills havo qaved mo iiirz, nnd mr.do onntho? m:n o2 him.' A friond who callod in Rt this point, raid tbat Jarrio looked 10 yc^ro yonngor tbr.t day than ho did a fortnight previously. Hi can now;' continued Jarvis, 'hr.voc cold bath, and nil tho fooling has como back in my logs. If I keop on going tho way I am, I hopo to bo nblo to work in tno months* time. I fool thnt I choll thon bo well enough to rccumo work aoa boilor-maker, and you know I havo to bo in tho very pink of health and strongth to work at that trade. I am BETTEa TO-DiT than I havo bcon at any time during tho piBt fivo ye'^ro. I ascribe all the change and bonofit to thoco Pink Pills. They hnvooavod my lifo. I am in no pun now, whatever, and feol litro a now man. On tbo mantelpioco thoro 13 a bos of OPIUJI AND UOBPHIA. pilb which tbo doctor ravo mo to doadon tho o^cruciating pain. But thoy can stay where thoy aro, for I no longer need. them. Every body who. knoco mo hca been aauzed at {?'.n chansaiumo. They ci^hoTdly bolicvothiir oyos. Uy boing abnnt ivjr.in haocoucotl quito a concation out horo.' ' Having wished Mr. Jcrvia continued npcad tov7ordo rooovory our rcprccont-tivo with drox7. 