Hew Australia, Whatever may be said for or against the wisdom or otherwise of those who left this, continent- to try and show the world an example of how men and women should live together in peace and concord, their oiggeso enemies must admit that the motives of those who went t j Paraguay for that purpose were of the best. TbpChui Secretary of Queensland has received frbm the British Consulate at Asuncion a letter, and from that letter the following extracts show that New Australia is by this time a thing of the past. The consul says : 7[ 'I avail myself of this opportunity to mention for the information of the Govern ment of Queensland that 'The New Aus tralian Co- operative Settlement Associa tion' is about tcrbe~diBsolved, The scheme' for the establishment of, among other things, 'such true social, order as will ensure to every citizen security against want)' has proved, I think, in every respect a failure. There have been quarrels and dissensions among the members from the day they 6rst set foot in this country, and want — tbe very fear of which the leaders of the movement declared would be un known in New Australia — has come very close to their -doors. Timely assistance, however, was rendered by the Government in the shape of a grant of 800 dollars; (about £2(3) per month, distributed among the people in equal shares^for the purchase of clothes and food. The rules of the/asaeeia tion, it appears also, have been I requensly and openly disregarded by Bom^, and a climax was reached -a shore tittie since, when the president, having failed, as it j[« alleged, to perform his duty, declined to rfiBign, and the secretary refused to present the accounts of the association when called upon to do so by tbe directors and trustees. # * # - j ' ' My assistance was then sought by one of the trustees and one of the directors, with a view to invoking the intervention of the Government to prevent further disputes, and possibly acts of violence, to which it was feaiei some of tbe more headstrong - colonists might resort. But previous to this appeal, m the month of Feb ruary of this year, a petition signed by thirty-one membere w»k a-tu»*$ss@d to the Government, from which I quote the fol lowing: *Xt is needless m give you reasonBy~but) we are forced to the con: elusion that the attempt to enacb Com munism has failed utterly so far, and in our opinion will also fail if continued. We are so convinced of this that we brought before our people here certain propositions to enable us to obtain Belf -government, either individually or in groups, indepen dent of the association, and a lair share of the assets of the association.' The proposi tions mentioned here were rejected by the majority. ~ *3Pbe majority fcfefut thij time were endeavouring to obtain from the Government the definitive titles to a portion of |he colony land, and the minmiby having already expressed their deterininatiott to leave the association, though not the country, and fearing that they might thereby be deprived of their proportion of the land, appealed to the Government in this petition to take their claims into consideration independently of the associa tioo, and before granting it any land titles. I do not know how the petition was answered. * * # 'As far as I am able to gather from the various statements made to me, there are two parties in the colony. The one desiring the continuation of the society— as in is termed here — on the original lines, but under modified rales. The other desiring to entirely sever their connection with the association, and to retain a fair share of the assets, and a proportionate share of the colony land. The former, who, it seems, are in a majority, object, not to the withdrawal of the minority, but to their receiving any share of the assets, or of the colony land. The Paraguayan Govern ment, though always ready to assist colonists to the best ot their ability, showed great reluctance to interfere in any way in the internal affairs of the ' New Australia' colony. However, in response to the l%Bt appeal, a commissioner was sent to make tbe following proposals, which have been ac ~»3pted by the colonists : 1. The company to be wound up, and the assets to be divided ^eqaaUy— amonp the members. 2. The Government will allot to each family, or to each male adult, sixty squares (about 105 acres) of land in whatever part of the colony he may select. 3. The Government v will continue the grant of 800 dollars a month. A, In addition to the allotments, the Government will grant six leagues of land for the common use of the colonists, and for others who may wish to join the colony. o. The administration of the colony will be placed in the hands of one of the colonists, who shall be appointed and paid by the Government. The names of three colonists, must be submitted to the Govern ment, one of whom will be selected for the post. 0. In all other respects the colony will be subject) to the Colony Law ' of Paraguay. 7. All former concessions to be declared null and void. At the present time there are about fifty men, twenty women, and eighty children in the colony.' So much interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellous case that we have published the facts again as they appeared in the Australian Workman a, few Weeks ago;— One afternoon pur representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two- year-old baby, atid his face declared him toi-e one of the happieet men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. \\. ' In replv to tha preliminary qiiftsfciAtifi/S^ said : ' You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts ma| be of value to those who are stricken as I wan.' '?-*' How long were you suffering V ' 'Well, twelvemonths ago I got *a bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About 6ve years ago. next Christmas, I met^with an accident. I was badly ecalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney, Since the accident 7 have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my .billet at the Glebe Island.' '' What were tihe symptoms ? ' 'Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were juBt about as much as I could bear, - They- wereforaU the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me I had no control over my howais or Madder, and v?*s a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and eould Haeitber-eftfe -or^ *leep.— -la-the 53*d March laet I saw a well-known doctor, and be told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gav* me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions ' ' Did you make nee of the order : ' ' No ; I cime home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago 1 could cot walk across the floor ; in fact, I C3uld not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills to ease the agony I was in. I was tinder him for S ve or six weeks. He came to ^bhe conclusion that) I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomutor ataxy, a disease of the spical cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordi Dating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for tetryearp. and that I might never get tbe use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible. } Well, j ust as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the adver tisment describing the cure effected in the ease of another Boiler-maker in Eugland, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale PeoplB. I read in the advertisment of a case which seemed to fit) my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous m it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite, atid resi» I bad for many a day. It was incredible. I immedi ately left the bed aud was able to move about. X have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now tak ing the fifth bos. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but) surely, recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches here ? They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. AH I want is thie stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength,' ' He is 100 per cent, better,' said Mrs. Jarvie, who had come in aod taken the baby on her knees. 'Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved hie life, aud made another man of him.:! A friend who called in at this point, said that Ja?vie looked teu years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. ' I can now,:: continued Jarvis, ' have a cold bath, and all tbe feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that tirade, I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life, lam in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensa tion out here.' Such is the remarkable history, and con firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wroupht hy Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an im poverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow eomplexion,general\ muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of apA petite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, \ nervous headache, &o.; V These pills are a tmnfo 'not a purgative. \ They are genuine only with the full name, \ Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People; \ and are sold by chemists and storekeepers \ generally, or tbe Dr. Williams' Medioene \ Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will \ forward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2e. '.fcL or half dozen for 14s. 9d.# ^ ? ^ ? 