SCENES A T C AP ETOPN, (SEE LETTEllPHi S ON PAGE 30.) SOU T H A Ü- K 1 U A . t.-Parliament House and Table Mountain. 2.-Avenue of Firs at Rondebosch. 3.-Native Water Carrier. 4.-Avenue at Claremont Table Mountain from Fish Jetty. 9.-Silver Trees, Table Mountain, IO.-Hout Bay. ll-Wale-street and St. George's Ç&Jed.ra; 5.-~This Railway Station au 12.-Government Avenue 6 and 14.-Views in the Botanic 13.-A Bend on the Kloof Gardens. 7.-View on the Road. 15-Adderley-street, Main Road at looking North Wynberg. 8.- Capetown and from Darling-street. Impressions ot Capetown, Soutli Atrien. (Written íor the "Town and Country Journal.") (By "Vandorlan.") iSfîe illustrations on this page and pages ¿b ana ,: 27.) Hero the white surge comes bounding to the shore, And the clift answers to Its angry roar, For where thc Cape of Storms heaves high its steep, The clear south-caster foams along the deep Whirls the wild spray in gusts of driving snow, AmI sweeiM with- its salt shower the reeling prow. Bold and grand, the mountain ranges of the Cane Peninsula stand sharply outlined in a bril liant setting of deep blue ether. Washed by the ibroad billows of the Atlantic, the rugged heights tower mgn auove tue sLuim-om;^ where the wild waves beat and thunder with a fury that seems as though the angry surf would fain dash down those granite walls. And over wooded ?gorge and mountain height, ,in deop ravine and quiet ©len, dark purple ishadowis cast a istrange, mysterious spell, emblem of so much that is African-the Impenetrable and Unknown! The name Cabo Tormentoso (Cape of Stormi) given to the Cape by the Portuguese in 1487 is characteristic of tho changes and viciesitudea through which the colony has parsed up to the present period. When tihe Portuguese navigator reported his discovery, thc King of Portugal was so struck with its importance that he re-named the peninsula tho Cape of Good Hope. Ten yearc later, in 1497, Vauco de Gama doubled the Caipe and Teaohed India in safety, after a voyage which had taken eleven months to accomplish. But Instead of following up their discovery, the Portu guese seem to have been quite content to use Tabbie Bay as a place to run for shelter in bad weather. Later on, when the English and Dutch traded more extensively with the east, they often called at the Cape and posted letters in their own primitive fashion, putting thean under hig stones, on which they 01 ark ed the name of the vessel, etc., for the benefit of those ships which were to follow. In 1G20 the English had a chance of acquiring this little-valued promontory; hut, . like the Portuguese, they were unwilling to as sume any dominion there. To the Dutch must he conceded the honor of discovering Its value, if : only as a sort of half-way station to the East. The Dutch East India Company appear to have taken possession of the Cape in 1652, and their difficulty in inducing people to emigrate from Holland a few years later resulted in the follow ing scheme: Nine soldiers and tsaitors in the em ploy of the company, and men of good character, were discharged and given free grants of land at fRondeboech. From time i time, Gormans, Danes, Portu guese, Flemish, and Dutc sailors and soldiers were dis charged and given grants o land, and started cultivatin the soil. Intermingling wit' the natives, and later on wit the orphan girls isent out fror the institution.? at Amsterdar and Rotterdam, they forme the beginning of what is no\ called the Boer or burghe population of South Africa Even in those early days ttie.; seem to have had very fixe* ideas on the "Uitlander" sub ject; for wihen the I-Iugueno emigrante settled there, undc': the protection of the Dutct ^Government, they were verj soon forbidden to speak 01 .write the French language. The burghers very promptly put on end to any fool ii- h ida^s that they might have had as to remaining French, though settled on foreign shores. Theil* children were not allowed to even speak or learn the language of their mothers and fathers. The Dutch Reformed Church was thrust down their throats; and an appeal to the Governor, Van der Stell, was met with the sharp reply that " they must restrain their French impertinences." When Capetown capitulated to the English forças in 1795 the rule of the Dutch East India Company came to an end, though it passed into the possession of Holland again when it was evacuated by the English in 1803. Re-taken by the British in 1806, ito varying fortunes were appar ently settled in 1815, when the colony was finally ceded to Great Britain. ' Sharp and clear against a 'deep blue sky, Table Moun tain stands boldly outlined, Jlke some storied battlement of. old, keeping watch and ward over the city which nestles under its mighty sha dow. Or, covered with soil, fleecy, white clouds, its broad summit is lost to view. Then it weare the garb of mystery so typical of Africa, the Ish mael of nations. AV it h them, but not "of them," the old Dutch dwellings still mingle their quaint fiat roofs with the modern colonial houeea and shops, which are rapidly altering, the old-world look of Capetown. But the white washed walls of the Dutch houses, and their terraced fronts, bear silent witness to the quiet, sleepy days of long 'ago. Here on those very 'terraces (steeps) the drowsy summer evenings were spent, or else beneath the shade of . the trellised courtyards at the rear. Here the Dutch dig nitaries of 'high degree drank tea together, or, wild eist dis sipation of all. assembled in side at evening parties, which ended when 9 o'clock waa boomed from the gun at the old castle. The present rail An Old Dutch Dwelling, Cape Colony. (See l&tterpresa; on this page.) way station stands in a once fashionable locality, the aid Heerengracht of the Dutch functionaries, of a century back. It is now known as Adderley street, and bears more strongly than any either street in Capetown the signs of Brittan occupa Lion and modern architecture. Shops, offices, banks,- and various public buildings stand on either side of AJderley-street.' A little beyond arc the Houses of Assembly. A handsome block of build ings standing in ornamented grounds, vt ta sur rounded by gay parterres filled with choice shrubs and brilliant Cape flowers. At the entrance, fac ing Addcrley-street, stands a handsome marble statue of the Gnu, symbol of that "empire upon which the sun never sets." From "Wale street one gets a picturesque view of St. George's Cathedral, apparently embowered in old-fashioned gardens, but the classic Grecian front really faces a busy street. Beyond Wale-street is the beau tiful leafy avenue of oaks which extends for nearly a mile, having Government House on one side and tho far-famed Botanic Gardens on the other. The Public Library faces the oak avenue, and comtains what is probably a unique collection of rare manuscripts, native dialects, and original editions of old English works, presented to the colony by Sir George Grey. Venerated by Eng lish and Dutch alike, his statue stands in the Botanic Gardens; while on every wide colleges, Houses of Parliament, a public library, and a museum bear solid proof that his belief in the future of Capetown was no idle dream. The gardens were originally planted hy the Dutch East India Company to protect the fruit and vegetables grown for their use in the early dayis of their settlement in the colony. Flowers and shrubs of all nations bloom side by side in grace ful .profusion. Winding paths twine amidst the cool, shad o-wy groves, formed hy thick clusr.crá of graceful trees, whose training branches almost swesrj) the ground. An ever-moving kaleidoscope of color is presented to the eye in watching tile gay dress of the natives, Malays in particular, as they flaunt past, robed .in the .most gorgeous silks, vieing 'with the most br i Ilia nt southern flowers; they add a constant charm to Capetown scenery. Faces of every shade and color, from the deepest ebony to the Ja lr English blonde; dress of every variety, irorai the proverbial fig leaf to the commonplace tweed suit and straw hat of the Englishman abroad-you see thom all there. Above all is the vivid blue African blue sky, against which every leaf quivers as if instinct with life; and towering up in luiasBivo grandeur the rocky heights of Table Mountain form a noble background. Driving through the thickly-wooded suburbs of Rondebosch, Wynberg, and Claremont, ono sees on every side traces of tho wisdom and foresight of the early Dutch settlers. Noble avenues of oaks and 'fire wind for milos, and form a delicious shady retreat from the burning Af ii can sun. To Adrian Van der Stell, Governor oí the colony In lh99, and to his son who succeeded him, is due the credit of acclimatising the English trees, which now form such a delightful shelter during the Itong hot days of summer. Governor Van der Stell bore the name of listening veiw readily to ."reasons that jingled," and he seems to lun e kept a sharp eye to the useful as 'well GS the pic turesque; the. now celebrated vineyards of Constantia, at Wynberg, having been originally planted and named by that astute old gentleman. It farmed one of the many private little speculatioiv-; dn which he was suspected of getting "the thick end of the stick." Emerging from the magnificent avenues of oaks and firs which almost hide tl'" suburbs of Rondebosch, Wynberg, and Claremont, open sjxices in the road show glimpses of the ruggcil mountain range on one side; on the other, thick patches of scented pine woods. On the lower Blopen of Table Mountain the delicate leaves of the silver tree flash in the sunlight, as the wind gently stitt* their light feathery branchée. From the higher part of the Kloof-road a charm ing view spreads like n panorama on every gide. In the diistance lies Capetown, encircled by the wateivi of Table Bay. Hundreds of feet below the road in the kloot or ravine, dotted here and there, are tiny white Dutch farm (houses nestling among heavy laden orchards and trim flower gardens. So far below tho road as to look like farms in miniature, they lie within the deep shadow of the mountain*) like visions of some old-time spot of peaceful rest, from which the roar and bustle of city lifo had been for ever banished. Passing Camp's Bay and Sea Point, the road winds along the steep mountain aides, tho great Atlantic roLlers thundering at tho waiter-worn base, while every turn reveals some fresh enchantment of wood, mountain, or ocean scenery. Here and there, amid tho usual em boworment of oak or fir, an old Dutch dwelling peeps out. with gabled, mossy roof and white-washed walls. I-Tout Bay, usually the tenn ¡nation of a drive in this direction, boasts a wide stretch or dazzling white sand. On Sunday afternoons vehicle« of all descriptions am drawn up nere in motley array; smart dog carts, big landaus, covered Cape carts, with drivers of every shade or color, in gay picturesque at tire, give plenty of life nov! movement to (Cae scene. A hig hotel in the wooded gorge beyond its kept by Buers, ana forms a link between the primitive past and the bustl ing tourist-haunted p ra-emt. day. Part of the building in old and quaint, with heavy oak-lined walls and ced lin gs. dark wich age. Overgrown with moss and lichen, it stands amidst the ruins of a 'garden and orchard, whare fruit trees mingle with flow era and shrubs, and weeds have it all their own way. .One shudders at the idea that possibly the ghost, of some departed Dutch farmer may be permitted-for punishment to gaze on th's neglected spot, where "Uitlandens" desecrate, the Sabbath, and insurance ?agents flaunt fearlessly on (their "ill-gotten earnings." ¡(To insure a building h re garded as a direct defiance of the Almighty.) Adjoining, \a a hideous modern building of weatherboard, with a big room like a barn, lined with some common light wood, and full of little tables. It ia .obviously a place where the modern, tourist eats and drinks. The proprietor-a Boer-asks ¡his guests whether tiley have over seen anything ßo grand before? He bakes a long time to paint out its magnificence, because he is very busy puffing out clouds of smoke. It goes in their eyes, and they ean't, perhaps, appreciate it for that rason. He asks them again if there are any rooms as fine as that in England? He doesn't wait for a reply; he guesses their nationality, and regards their opinion and themselves with that mixture of pity and contempt which only an Eng lishman can excite in the mind of a Dutch Boer. He suffers them to depart to tito quaint old Dutch portion o[ the hotel, where they are per mitted to order afternoon tea. The waiter-also distinctly a Boer-asks them whether they are not veiy much de lighted and astonished with the magnificent dining hall. They resent it. He thinks they are consumed! with envy. He goes out of the room frequently, and each time he fakes the milk jug and sugar basin with him. He appar ently suspects them of trying to steal the tea service also. The tea is like a mixture of very bad brandy and kero sene, ajid lt Ls quite Impos sible to drink the milk, be cause the wailer is hugging lt under bl.* ann. adi the lime, Refreshments, a failure; in sular vanity wounded. It evi dently would be better to say that you ore a native water-, corri er or a disguised Gorman "cM clo' " man, or a Ilua-ian Jew, or something else respectable, If you Intend bo spend much time among the Boers. Steaming out of Table Bay at sunset on a line Buniiuer evening, the clouds that hung over the top of Table Mountain shone like a golden glory. And as the mm sank slowly behind the rugged peaks and crags, each) one jutted out from the grey mass behind Uko points of flame. In Uho deep shadow of the mountain, tho gorges facing seaward looked weird and fantastic. Tho golden light faded to a ¡tender rosy glow; tho waters of the bay reflected bock a faint pink blush; the lights of the town twinkled out in growing dusk. It was the last night of the old year. And as the graceful yacht liko lines of the steamer Aberdeen left behind a circle of white foam, and she stood out to sea, there WHS scarcely a nipple on either side. One by one the stars glittered in the clear heavens and rellected ia the still waters below, and the dark outline of Table Mountain loomed like a mlgOity fortress above the lights of the sleeping city, which literally rests "beneath the shadow of a mighty rock." 