THE DAY OF REST. SCANDAL -THE SCOURGE OF THE CHURCH. [By the Rev. W. T. VKALE U.S.A.] (Concluded). So could we multiply criticisms that have fallen like snowflakes from lips that have sung hymn and anthem in the house of prayer, and the poor preacher is hanged, drawn, and quartered, dissected, examined microscopically, and laid out generally at the Sunday dinnertable for delightful delectation, and the weightier matters of the law and the glowing promises of the Gospel are forgotten in the gay revellmgs of injurious and soul - starving criticism, and thus the gates of pearl that lead to the throne have been shut upon the starveling. Many other provinces of the congremtion could we enter this morning in which the rampant wild-beast criticism is let ltyse, and covers the sanded floor with his victims; but I have selected that of the preacher only to Btand in the witness-box, whilst I might add that in a Council Chamber near the Court there are more than a score of witnesses who are not only willing but eager to pile tip their testimony against this destroyer of the Christian ranks—the tongue, tipped with the fires of iniquity and the flames of "back- wounding calumny." "Your difficulty, it seems," said one pastor to another, " is to bring your members together; mine is, to keep them apart from each other." The tongue was the tie that binds here. There is, alas! too much truth in the witty reply. Chnrehee live "in the 6eroe light that beats upon a throne and blaokens every blot." Men of the world, the flesh, and the devil, taught by their master, are perpetual students of Church history, and its comedies and tragedies are followed most carefully through every act, and most certainty will be until the great curtain of completed time shall fall upon the great closing scene of final judgment, when unmarked eternity shall oontinue its unmeasured cycles. Waaler sang— Watched by the world'a malignant eye, 'Who load ns with reproach or shame. Churches, like man, cannot live tin to themselves, and however much you may preach the doctrine of man's frailty, pointing to the fall of a David or a Peter, so blessedly restored by a God of shoreless forgiveness, men of the world will (continue to gauge the worth, the power, the vitality, the genuineness of Christianity by the lives of its professors. Christ saw that this would be so, and urged his disciples constantly to exemplify His power and 'Virtue in their daily lives. "Ye are the salt of the earth; lose not its precious savour." Ye are the light of the world; eclipse not its brilliancy by clouds of iniquity ana mists of worldliness. "No man can serve two masters," and with the voice of thunder ringing along the ramparts of time until the peaks of eternity take up the echoes he cried out in the only perfect sermon that •was ever preached—" Ye cannot serve God and mammon." Yet the thunder has not pierced some doll ears yet. Seeing, then, that the Church ever site in the court of the world, and is subject-to its keen criticism, seeing that we in the Church are regarded as the deputies . of the Redeemer, the delegates of the Lord, the ambassadors from the court of the Invisible King, what should be our special care, our great concern, onr binding duty, our constant jprivQegel It should be this, to so guard our lips, yea, the very avenues of our souls, that no breath of lying-report, no taint of supposed suspicion, no circulation of whispered uncertainty should ever wake the echoes from our voice. James challenges a man's religion who does BO. " If any among you seem to be religious and bridleth not his tangos, this man's religion is vain." James " this Just" calls a spade a spade, and honours the spirit of plain Anglo-Saxon in dealing with the Boul. The most deadly of slanders are those that the law of libel cannot seize upon, too delicate for its iron grasp, and we cannot do better than to give a passage here from Robertson:—"In St. James's day as now it would appear that there were idle men and idle women who went about from house to house dropping slander as they went, and yet yon coold not take tip that slander and detect tbe falsehood there. You could not evaporate the troth in the slow process of the crucible and then, show the residuum of falsehood glittering and visible. You could not fasten upon «ny word or sentence and say that it was calumny, far is order to constitute slander it is not' necessary that the word spoken should be false—half-truths are often more calumnious than whole falsehoods. It is not even necessary that a word should be distinctly uttered; a dropped lip and arched eyebrow, a shrugged shoulder, a significant look, an incredulous expression of conntenanoe, nay, even an emphatic silence iny do the .work; and when the light and ^Ixifmig-thing which has done the mischief has fluttered off the venom is left behind to work and rankle, to inflame hearts, to fever human existenoe, and to poison human society at the fountain springs of life. Very emphatically was it said by one whose whole life smarted under each affliction, "Adders 1 poison is .under theit- lips." Shakspeare well said— S S c s f s L e o b s The pnreit treasure mortal times afford , la spotless reputation; that away Men aM bnt gilded loam and painted clay. A jewel in a ten times bnrred-np chest ' Is a bold spirit in a loyal breast. Mine honour is my life, both grow in one; Take honour from me and my life is done. To put out the fires of soandalous criticism is no easy task. We are all natural-born lagos in this respeot, and must be root-and- branoh , men before the tangled tufts of this unholy life are tossed into the sunlight to wither. When in America the firebell tolls the locality of the district where the flame is raging we rush to the verandah to see the fleet horses dash along the street, and after the echoes of bell and wheels have died amy we wait for the toll of two that sends forth the message that the fire is out. . We have to wait a long time very often when the flames of scandal are lit by the torch of the tongue before we hear the music of the signal that the fire is out. Sometimes it is never sounded. One bitter, thoughtless word lights a perpetual fire in a life that cannot be quenched, and will burn until the watchers mil whisper, "Dead; he is dead!" and the wronged one goes "where the wicked cease bom troubling and the weary are at rest." Hasty words, too, are javelin darts from the hand 'of Sanl that pin the faithful Davids to the walL Therefore, how wise the advice of Poloniui to his son Laertes, "Give every man thine ear. but few thv voice; take each man's censure, oat reserve thy judgment," Human nature loves scandal; it feeds upon it. " Where : the carcass is there shall the eagles be gathered together." On the chining sands of the Sahara the oamel falls, and the faithful beast after- a few groans is dead. ' As they are stripping off its cargo, out ot the ekmdlees blue above, as if by magic, there comes a vulture, then another, and another, and ere the cavalcade is a mile away from the fallen beast scores of the rapacious birds ate fattening on their feast. So the ' human vultures assemble, but not many of them come from the blue above, but. rather from the blue below. We love to hear the merry wit "larded with malice," and with fierce beaks and sharpened talons we tear the quivering flesh from the prostrate one. Sendalsito in the crystal halls of our vision, spreads its very tent upon our tongues, breathes in our sighs, whispers in our scorns, and thunders in our rage. It delights to steal our gpstaies and rale our will, and like the jnikdMattppa it never rejoices more than when in its wildnoBS it gallops away with us strapped to its bare back as powerless as babes. Sometimes in our fatal mistakes along the line of unjust criticism, slander, whispered malice, circulated reports, deadly " on dits," members of the Church themselves in the miserable log hat of apology try to shelter themselves by saying, " Well, we can't help it, it iB natural to us." This ssntence will do for the worldling, but not for the child in Christ— this is the classic quotation of the uncircumcised in souL "Wo know that we have passed from death unto life." Why? "Bccause we love the brethren." The language of scandal is spoken in the province of spiritual death by those that are spiritually dead, but in the province of life love is the alphabet of the language that is spoken. The one is the dialect of the devil, the other is the classic of ChriBt. Henry Ward Beecher, a prince in the pulpit, said most truly, "a man must be like God in loving." " There will never bo a conversion of' this world until there is an enthusiasm of lore; until men at least understand that the Kingdom of God comes without observation; until it is recognised that Christianity may make use of anything which will promote its objects, but that it does not stand in external forms, in governments, in orders, in ordinances, in a priesthood, in the ministrations of the sanctuary, nor in scholastic appliances of any kind, until men believe that the Kingdom of God is within them, and that it is made up of the fruits of the spirit—love, peace, joy, humility, and goodwill toward men. If you throw this out, you throw everything out. You may erect Cathedrals till they kiss the heavens with gold, you may build, your altars till they glow like the rainbow, you may drape your priests and let them walk in solemn processions rich as emperor moths, you may have your songs, your chants, your swelling anthems in the sanctuary, and yet without love these things are nothing, or are like the bubble that the boy blows, which he tosses in the air, in which he sees his face for a second, ind then is gone for ever." Surely this is a warning blast from the trumpet of prophecy. Where love rules in the heart, and sits on the throne of power, with sceptre in hand, so&nda; lies in the dungeon crippled with chains. Love is Hercules amongst the gods, who slew the Nemean lion of scandal, and by his mighty skill cleansed the Augean stables of malice* calumny, and slander. Slander, whose edge is sharper than the sword. Whose tongue ontvenoms all the worm* of Nile, Whose breath rides on the posting wind, and doth belie All corners of the world—kinfts, queens, and States, Maids, matrons; nay the secrets of the grave This viprous slander enters. I call thia prisoner Scandal into open Court this morning, and impeach him with the most deadly crimes against the Church, and would say as one did of Hypocrisy, one of Scandal's oollcagues— Beware of yonder dog; Look, wheahe fawns lie bites, and when he bites His venom tooth will rankle to the death. Have not to do wiih him, beware of bim; Sin, death, and hell bave set their marks on him, And all their ministers attend on bim. —Richard III. candal kills Churoh unity. Scandal breaks the magnetic circle through which the Holy Ghost passes with electric fire from the Throne. Scandal feeds and fills the ranks erf the devil. candal blots out the sun of influence by ebon louds of darkness. Scandal makes the devil mile, if he ever does so, and furnishes fun oraooials in the bottomless pit. Scandal is the offspring of Satan, and should always be ent to his own place. _ God speed the victim. et us ever pray that in this place there may ver be the. primacy of love. I claim the rule f love and the absence of scandal on the asis of the Christian Church being one family. What love is BO protective^ so silent, so ympathetic, so sacrificing, so powerful as that of family love? How sacred, how penetrating, how far-reaching; continents cannot break its blessed spell, and oceans with all their storms cannot sever its sweet influence. A dear old mother in England a short year ago, but now in Heaven, holds me as tightly in ner arms of affection as she did when I was a babe upon her bosom. And what so sad, BO deeply pathetic, so tearful, as the ugly wrench of " that fell sergeant, Death, who is so strict in his arrest," when he rudely breaks the links of family love. Look at thispicture. A child sleeping with its mother. The morning light breaks, and a neighbour finds the weeping child, and beside her a corpse. "I kissed mamma three times," she said, "and she wouldn't kiss back." Is it possible that the departed spirit of that mother gazed upon that little beloved one, left in the wilderness, pressing, kissing the cold, helpless lips that oouldn't kiss back? Christ looked instead, and mothered and fathered that little waif. Family love is so faithful, so forgiving, so lasting that it will follow even a felon son to the grave, and make it rich with perfume fed by tears. Its love is far stronger than death. If this power of affection exists in the earthly family how much more then in the heavenly. God grant that here the Christian family life may be a model, and may we individually swear "eternal death to scandal;" and then little by little, as birds begin to sing in the morning, first one, then three, then five, and then a score, and then a hundred, and then all in the whole region bursting forth, so there shall go up out of this Church single strains of joy and triumph, and then more, and then still more, until at last they shall roll as the waves of the Bea and the thunders of heaven, as the voice of a multitude, or as the sound of mighty waters, mingling with the melody of the "harpers harping with their harpB." 