Buried Secrets. 'It was mere chance that he rode with her, they say,' said the innkeelper, 'although they went'out to Rosney Heath and b)ack Stogether. She's a young lady of the very . highest respeetability, sir, Miss Paulet of The Yews, a gloomy place, sir, on the road to Warcham. She was lately hope from boarding-dschool-the most beautiful young lady in Dorsetshire, and she's to be married to-morrow to Sir Hugh Redmond, baronet. S.' And my poor brother and this beautiful young lady, irode'to Rosney Heath together. SWhat is Rosney Heath 1' 'A mere hamlet, sir, sonime miles beyond, remalrkable only for its old church.: It's two shundred years old, the church; and people go to see it sometimes.' ' Odd the young lady should go into brain fever because Philip Ryve shot himself!' observed Dalyell, musingly. ' I think I'll go out to Rosney Heath, and have a look at the old church.' He ordered a fly, a rickety old vehicle, and drove to Rosney Heath. He visited the church, explored its crypt, read the records on its tablets, and finally wandered into the clhurchyard. Still, lie was not satisfied. Fihally, returning to the church, he asked the superannuated clerk to show him the mnarriage-register, putting a sover eign in his hand as hlie made the request. ' There's just a possibility that the couple came here to get married,', he thought. 'Anyhow, as I.am here, I'll know whethec they did get married or no. He had alove affair, as was proved by his frantic desire td reforin. It'll do no harm to examine the register.' . . . '. He m'de the examination, and discovered that Philip Ryve and Diana Paulet had been united in marriage upon the very day, scarcely an hour before the bridegroom ihad lshot himself upon the heath. With this knowledge, hlie returned to Leddiston, where he spent the night. ..He likept to himself the discovery hlie lhad made,. and instituted, careful inquiries concerning Diana Paiilet, hier history, her expectations, a'nd personal appearance. Actuated by more than simple curiosity, lie visited the country church near The Yews the next day, and witnessed Diana's marriage to Sir Hugh Redmond. ' She is married as Diana Paulet, spinster,', he thought. ' That secret wedding in the Sold church at Rosney Heath counts for nothling, it seems. I wonder if this blonde baronet kniows that she is a .widow ? I'll risk a fortune that my lady keeps that little fact to herself. I know the Redmonds. They are a prouid stock. He'd never marry the' widow of:a criminal. . No, she didn't tell him.' : : . ., . As a throng of country people proceeded Sto The Yaws after the wedding, hlie went also, anxious for another look at the bride,' whom he had recognised as the girl whose smaiuelous beauty and 6loveliness had so attracted the attention and admiration of Lord Tlhorncombe and himself in Hyde Park three moniths before. 'So that very girl was Philip Ryve's wife !' he mutterecl. ' Singular ! Of all women in the world, I could admire and love her most. Glorious Diana! I shall hope for a better acquaintance with your ladyship.!' He entered the lawn and stood near the gate of the gloomy old place, in the shadow of one of the funereal yews'from w'hich Mir. Paulet's'couintry seat took its name. . ' He watched the groups of country people, a indlistelined to the music of the wandering minstrel bahd. An hour passed. He was tired of isaivtiig and was about'to depart, when Diana, in her bridal robes, came to the indow"of her sitting room and looked' out.. . . His eyes mot hers in a fiull gaze,' and there was a peculiar significance in his stare that strengthened her conviction that lihe was Philip Ryve. And then he saw her. fall upon her window sill helplessly, and . knew that she had fainted. Before Mr. Pauiilet had entered the chamber, Piers Dalyell was striding over the heath in the direction of Wareham. :'My resemblance to Philip Ryve startled her out of her senses, he thought. 'She knows that he's dead, else she might have taken. me for him. Perhaps she thought that his ghost had risen from his grave to re proach for her second marriage! Women are apt to be superstitious. I've tumbled upon a gold mine hero in Dorsetshire.: Sir HiughlRedmond-I know him very well, and he knows me. There's no love lost betweenu Sus'-and Dalyell laughed evilly--'is rich, and it will go hard but some of his money shall go to enrich me. Lord Thorncombe refuses to supply my wants. I have an ex pensive' family on iny hands. When aiman beginsfto 'go dovwn-hill he doesn't stop at trifles. And so I-Daly3ell of the clubs, Dalyell the man of fashion-I shall apply to Lady Redmond as my banker in case of need ! It will go hard, if my own brother's widow cannot assist ine, when she is so rich! A regular gold mine, by Jove!' .. . CAPTER XXI. 2' Piers Dalyell arrived at Waireham before two o'clock. A train As on the point of depart tifre for London, ancd Is secured his place in "it, thus avoiding the mail-train, of .an hour later, in which Sir Hugh andi Lady Redmond were to journey. ' ' He arrived in towsi before six o'clock, and proceeded at once toThorncombe House. He had not seen the earl for several weeks, Lord Thorncombe' having spent the month of Septemberiin.the Scottish, Highlands, and the most of the present month of October at his seat in Essex. ',As Dalyell entered -the smansibn, however, the servant who admitted him informed him that his lordship had arrived from Thorncombe Manor scarcely an hour before, and that dinner would be served at the usual hour, eight o'clock. SDalyell went up to his room to dress, wondering what could have brought his patron to town so unexpectedly. ' He told me that hlie should probably not return again till the next session of parlia ment,' he thought-' unless hlie should be summoned by Keene. Can any discovery have been made by tlat prowling lawyer in my two days' absence. , He dressed himself withli care and descen ded to the library. It was untenanted. He spent an uneasy hour in looking over the evening newspapers, and it was then eight o'clock. HeIo proceeded to the drawing-room. Lord Thoricombe and Ms. Keene were in the act of following the. butler to the dining-room, that functionary having just announced dinner. The earl .hook hands with Dalyell cordially, anid they went down to dinner to gerber. * SI inquired for you, Piers,' said his lord ship, kindly, ' but the servaunts told me that you had been absent a day or two,' ' Yes,' responded Dalyell.' ' I took a lItflc run into the count'y.' The earl did not question him, and Dalyell did not explain further. The dinner occupied an hour. Then the earl led the way to .the liiunry, SDalyell following in the wake of Msr. Keens. Lord Thorncombe and his lawyer seated themselves ; Dalyell remained standing. ' I beg your pardon, my lord,' hlie said, his lark, Italian face expressing only the most nnocent interest, 'but hlias any discovery ieen made ? Is Mrs. Ryan found ?' ' Not yet,' answered the earl, with un wonted cheerfulness. But Mr. Keene has nade somediscovery' , , Dalvell started. , ' What discovery ' hlie exclaimed, turning his gaze upon the lawyer. 'i ' Of course,' said Mr. Keene, 'we have not been idle all these months. WVe have seen nearly every Mrs. Ryan in London,; but all n vain. Yet we have been tantalized by iearing that Mr. Lockhani has encountered her three times since his return to England, ince in Regent-street when he- was alone; once in thie same street- when you, Mr. Dal yell, were with him; and one day at the Crystal Palace, when. Mr. Lockham was giving his family an outing. I have seen hoth SIr. and Mrs. Lockham since, and both agree that the woman was in company with two girls-' . . '.Who are without doubt the two children now grown up, .whom the Ryan. woman hrought from Australia,' said the earl. ' That is my theory,' said Mr. Keene. Mr.:Loeklham barely reemembers seeing the two young women. :Mrs.Loekham saw them hoth distinctly, but in watchiig her husband pursue Mrs. RIyan she lost sight of the girls, vho immediately disappeared.' * 'One .of .those girls is Blanche :Berwyn. my .son's daughter,' said the earl. 'Have you not been able to.tracethem, Keene ' 'No, niy lord. There Was a vast' cdovd it the palace that "day, it being an,extra lay,' said Mr.. Keene. " ' " ' And the discovery ?' asked Dalyell. 'Iso this,' said the lawyer. 'Giving up the idea .. of finding the woman as she is,' I have set out to trace lher from the hour she landed in London from Australia. It is.like searching for a needle in a haystack, and re sulted in. complete failure. But a bright dea occurred to me only a week ago. The woman was young. She might have married again. It was easy to search the record at )octor's Commons. I made the search, my ord, and discovered Mrs. Joanna Ryan was narried a year or two after her return from Australia, to one Flint, a publican atBer nondsey' 'On the track at last!' cried the earl, exultantly. ' ' Dalyell's heart sank. Had Keene found rim out ? His dark face paled. The hideous nouth under his moustache writhed and twisted itself convulsively. He steadied himself against a door-post. . 'Having Flint's name and address, .we set to work. on a now basis,', said Mr. Keene. 'We visited his public-house. .Mrs. Flint had sold out after her husband's death,"we earned, and had experienced, various vicis situdes. She had but one child in. her possession when she married Flirft. The other might have been boarded out. I could ot.'get track of it. But she was fond of the hliild ini her charge, dressed it well, taught i, to call her mother. The child had a fine name, our informant told me, but she could not quite remember her appearance.' 'It was .Blanche,' said the earl, softly. Little Blanche! WYell, Keene, could you g;et track of Mrs. Flint's present where abofits ?' 'Not yet, my lord. I have traced her step'by- step 'from one home to another, growiig poorer and poorer the while. ' She hegan to take in sewing for the shops: The girl seems to have won good opinions from every one. She is spoken of as handsome, and above her apparent place, as ' taking on airs,' .and hbeing 'stuck up,' traits which might distinguish one who .feels herself out of her true sphere and among uncon genial associates. I believe, my lord, that in a day or two.further I shall behold your granddaughter, and I have summoned you to, town that I may at once bring her to ydu and place her inf your arms.' . The stern and haughty eyes of the old lord filled with tears. . His mouth quivered under his white moustache, and he ,turned away his face. DIalyell trembled. ' , ' ' In a day or two I shall see 'her,' said the earl, as if to himself, his voice brokerin, 'Oh, Keene, lihow shall I ever thank you or reward you ? Bring her to me, old friend, as soon as you can. I shall know no0 further peace of mind until I see'her.' . : - SMr. Keene had imparted 'all he had to tell. Dalyell saw this, and presently stole out, his mind in a whirl of excitement, fury, and chagrin. . . . -'In a day or ttwo, he'll unearth Mrs. Flint andLolette,' he soliloquized. ' It will be dis covered' that I have known them ever since that night'that Loekham pointed the woman ouit to me. What am I to do ? I will not be run to earth like alfox by hourids. I must hiave time. Noww hat shall I do I' "He wenit up to his room, made some changes in his attire, asnd hastenied to Tottenham Court.Road.- .. , Lolette wi'as at;Bingley's, as usiual. Mrs. Flint sat alone in her very pleasant parlor. ' What is up F' asked the widow, as lihe entered with a gloomy countenance. 'Are v ny o u i ll. s i r " .. 'Nlot in body,' answered Dalyell, flinging himself heavily upon a couch. 'I have something of importance to'say to you, and the time has come to say it. Do you know who my wife really is 1' The woman stared and became ghastly pale, trembling like an aspen...: Her eyes ex pressed sudden terroir and apprehension. Dalyell was too absorbed in his own troubles to notice her agitation: . ' I'll tell yod who she is,' he exclaimed. 'Blanche Beiwyn is the only child of George Berwyn, the gentleman-farmer you worked for; out in Australia. ,. And Georgd Berwyn was the third and youngest son of the Earl of Thorncombe !'' No !' ejaculated the wonian incredulously. 'The late Lady Thorncombe was my kinswoman,' said Dalyell,:'and her husband became my patron. His eldest son died unmarried. The second son died, his child sen preceding him to the grave. The third son, his favorite, George Berwyn, became his heir- apparent. George Berwyn being dead, his daughter succeeds in his stead. 1 knew this when I married Lolette. I married her because she was heiress to the Thorneombo wealth. If she had been poor, I'd have seen her sunk in the Thames before I'd ever have spoken one word to her. You understand, madam 1 I married Lolette for the expectations.' Mrs. Flint, ashen-faced and trembling, sunk back into the shadow. ' Lord Thorneombe's lawyer has been seek ing for you everywhere,' continued Dalyell. 'IHe is on your track. Before the week is out be'will be at this house. I shall make the revelation .of my marriage in my own time, and il my owo way, to Lqrd. Thorn combe; but I won't have the story forced out of me until I get ready to spelt jit.. You must help me !' '.I will be your slave,' said the old wonisn, with nervous eagerness, still shrinking into the shadows. 'What am I to do 1' Sli pw many people know that Made moiselle 7~e is in truth Lolette Ryan 1' 'Mliss Bump ,i ]t she is gone out to Canada now to join hi'f lFyer. There's no one else.' I 1' one ? I-low can that be 1' ' V !1e;:"y' told pcople at our lodgings,' said Mrs. Flint, because we sometimes quitted our rooms without paying for them, and it wouldn't do to have people running to Bingley's with queer stories about uis, and asking for their money. We kept the thing perfectly between ourselves. No one in England knows it.' 'Not Bingley ?' 'He thinks Lolly's name is Lolette Montague. That is the name she took when she went on the stage,' said Mrs. Flintd 'It sounds better than Ryan, which Lolly hated.' 'Not your cab-driver, who takes her over to Bingley's 1' 'No. She always dismisses him the other side of the bridge, and takes up there again. He don't know her as Mademoiselle Zoee, but as Miss Flint.' 'The track seems well covered.' '-It is. If the lawyer finds Miss Flint lore, he can never find any trace of connec tion between her and Mademoiselle Zoo.' 'He must not find her here. You must find new lodgings, and get settled in them to-morrow. Tell your landlady that you sail to-morrow for Australia. Change your name to something common. Smith-that's it-Mrs. and Miss Smith. Dismiss your cabman. Have Lolette take a new route to Bingley's. You are keen and astute. Throw the pursuers off your track. Do this, and I'll settle an annuity upon you-if all comes. out right'!' ' I'll do it. We'll leave here directly after breakfast. I'll throw dust in the- lawyer's eyes. Is there anythingmore ?? I' ainm gliad that the ll eople of the house have known me as Mr. Mloore, your nephew,' b?served Dialiell: 'I've been very cautious. I'have ahlays acted as if Keene's eyes might be upon me. I have not a single incautious wvord or act to regret. But there is some thing more. Listen!' He unfolded his plans to her in good neasure, and she listened intently. At the close of his narration, he bound her to pre serve the strictest fidelity to him, even com pelling her to take a terrible oath - to that effect, 'I must see Lolette this very night,' he said.' I shall wait here for her !' He was obliged to wait until midnight, and he improved the hours by carefully in structing Mrs. Flint, word by word, as to her futuire conduct-what she was to do, and what to say in certain contingencies, and she assented, repeating the words after him in several instances. He did not see that she was terribly frightened, and that she was afraid even of him: But gradually she began to acquire courage, anc by the time Lolette came run in, all glowing and panting, she was in nearly as cool and calculating a mood as Dalyell himself. Lolette's husband had been in the habit of visiting her two or three times a week of late,'not oftener. She aiched her brol's as she saw him now, and her bold black eyes scanned-his face curiously, as she exclaimed: ' So you are back again from the country ? HIave you got anything for me ?' 'Not to-night, Lolette-' ' Sit down, Lolly,' said Mrs. Flint. ' Your husband has something important to say to vyo.' 'I hope it isn't another lecture, nor any thing about giving up Bingley's,' said Mrs. Dalyell, flinging her hat on the floor. ' It's life there, and I won't give it up for any poky existence at the West end. I've made up my mind to that. I was called out five times to-night, and I danced a. new dance just from Paris, the sweetest thing out.' Dalyell motioned her to silence. Then again he unfolded his plans,.but he took the precaution to bind Lolette first of all to com plete silence and perfect fidelity to himself by an oath equally terrible with that he had administered to Airs. Flint. He knew that she would nevef dare break arstoath, and he proceeded to tell her what he required of her, but omit'ted to tell her that she was the granddaughter of an earl. He did not even inform her that she was not Mrs. Flint's daughter, reserving that communication for an after interview. ' We will move in the morning,' said Lolette bitterly, not half comprehending the situation, and a little frightened withal. ' Lucky I never told a soul, except Sarah Bump, that my name' isn't really Montague. Sarah never told any one, for she promised she wouldn't. We're all safe. If mother's done anything wrong, they can't trace her out through me I'll go wherever you please, only I'll not give up Bingley's.' At two o'clock in the morning, Dalyell returned to Thorneombe House, letting him self in with his own key. ' To-m'orrow they will find new lodgings,' he reflected as he went to bed. 'And next day I shall declare to Lord Thorncombe that his daughter is found, and I wnill bring them together. Only.two days more, my lord, and you shall clasp your grandchild in your arms ' . CIIAPTERt XXII. During the driveto Wareham young Lady Redmond sat very still, her attitude one of shrinking, her face closely veiled. The happy bridegrobm attributed her silence to maidenly shyness, and talked to her without demanding answers. He imagined, too, that she was grieving at the parting with her father, .Miss Edgely, and her childhood's home, and he was very tender and gentle in his manner, full of unobtrusive devotion that touched her to the inmost heart. ' My darling, my wife,' lie whispered, his noble blond face expressing his passionate love for h9r, 'you shall never regret that you" have given up everything for me. Henceforward your happiness shall be the supreme object of my life. At any cost to myself, at any sacrifice, I shall spare you every pang, every tear, every sigh.' Diana opened her lips as if to utter a wild appeal, her dusk eyes shining through her gray veil with a desperate light, but she thought better of her impulse and remained silent. They arrived at the station just in time to catch the three o'clock mail-train for London .. The spring-waggon containing the two servants and the luggage had proceeded across country by a cross-cut, and had arrived some minutes in advance of them. Sir Hugh's valet had secured a first-class compartment for his master and mistress, and had placed in it the hand-bags and traveling-wraps belonging to them. He now waited with Annette, the maid, upon the platform, and canme forward to meet them upon their approach. 'Everything is all right, Sir Hugh,' he exclaimed, in a low, respectful voice. 'The trunks are all in the luggage- van, the small things in the coach. Our compartment is directly behind your own, sir, so that I shall be ready to attend upon you at the station.' Sir Hugh assisted his bride into the coach, and followed her. The guard locked the 4Ag9,. TIhe twp servants entered the second d.aus coqmpartnlcut audjojuing, uand with a small, sh'll whistle, 'the eiggine started, dragging the trait!n liid a great snrake slowly, then faster-out of the statiQl, aiud oni its course to London. The young baronet proceeded to make his bride comfortable, opening the windows, and folding her India traveling shawl about ero shoulders, and an embroidered rug over her kueet. He sat-down beside her and put his arm around her waist. He noticed that she drew away from him. 'I haven't seen your face since you came down the staircase at The Yows, Diana,' said he, with a tender smile. ' You seemn strange, darling. Lift your veil and let me see I. am being imposed upon by some changeling in place of my bonnie bride. Let me look into my wife's sweet eyes.'. , She made no movement, and, with a 'smile now full of playfulness, he lifted her veil and looked upon her face. He started back at sight of it. •It was, white and wan, all drawn witli pain, light and happiness stricken out, of every feature, the tender lips.set in' an ex pression of keen despair, the gray eyes som bre, agonized, with a hopelessness in them that appalled him - It was the face of Diana, yet how chaniged. 'Diana !' he exclaimed. ' What does this mean '1 The white lips quivered in a vain attempt to answer. She cowered before him like a frightened,. guilty creature, this girl of splendid courage, of rare' spirit, of granrdly heroic nature. The storiy Mr. Paulet had so recently told her still tortured her like burning coals upon quivering flesh. She felt herself an imposter. Sir Hugh Redmond was the representative of a proud and ancient family, and she had.entered that family-by fraud. True, she was guiltless of the fraud. She had. not known when she married the baronet that she was not in truth: the daughter.of Mr. Paulet. She had become Sir Hugh's wife-she the daughter of a man who had been hanged for murder. She loathed herself. She thought, with exquisite self-torture, how her young husband would recoil from her if he knew her history-how he would hate her-how he would hate himself for. the infatuation that had led him. to make her his wife.. ' If he only knew ! If he only knew !'.she kept saying to herself, and the rumbling of the coach wheels seemed to take up the burden and mock at her with the words 'If he only knew ?' But she could not tell him. The honor of two names was in her girlish hands. She must think of Mr. Paulet, of Sir Hugh. She must bring no scandala upon either. Yet none the less did she register in her soul a vow that she, the daughter of Jack Cart wright, who had been hanged in Sydney, would never be more than a wife in name to the high-souled baronet she had wedded. .But how to make him aware of this and yet hide their unhappiness from the curious eyes of others ? It vas;this .problemn that was absorbing all her thoughts when Sir Hugh liftedeher veil and gazed upon her features. There were no tears in her eyes, only that fixed and burning anguish and despair. 'What does this mean 1' he repeated. 'Are you ill, Diana ? Speak. Are you ill ?' She shook her head dumbly. He seized her hands; they were cold as ice. He touched her face; it was equally cold. ' You have a chill, Diana,' he exclaimed. 'You look like death. Shall I call Annette ? There may be a physician on the train. I will see.' He sprang up and was about to clutch the alarm rope to stop the train, but she stopped him with a gesture. 'I am not ill,' she said, in a weak and tremulous voice. 'Sir Hugh, do not call any one.. I could not bear-a scene.' 'My dear,' he said, reproachfully, 'you are strange in words as in looks. Are you worn out, darling? You look like one in grief-' ' Forgive me,' she whispered, faintly. ' I am overwrought.' Sir Hugh was. not satisfied with this attempt at explanation. He was thoroughly frightened. He opened her dressing-bag and took out her tiny gold viniagrette, and applied it to her nostrils. He even gently compelled her to take a small draught of brandy from a flask in her dressing-bag which Miss Edgely had placed there for use inl case of illness. She had seemed frozen by 'her great trouble, but under his kind ministrations, which she would have rejected had she dared, she began to tremble, and suddenly, as if the flood-gates of her despair had been loosed, she gave way to a very tempest of sobs and tears, an utterabandonment of grief, such as might well appal a newly-inade husband. TO BE CONTINUED 