fill Dill FAMILY. CHAPTEE XXVII. ' HE THOUIIGT I WAS FALSE AND BASE AND WICKBD.' ' I havo a story to tell you — a secret to confide to you. Your services are required at tbu Hull ; but before I can uvail myaolC these services 1 have a dacrud truet to oonfldu to you— a truat I am cer fciin you will never betray.' ' I shall never betray any truat you may repose in me, Cnptain Danton,' the young man gravely nui noiuui Sumo inkling of th-t. truth was in his mind as he Bpuke. Captain Dauton druw his chair closer, and in alow, hurried voicu began hia story, tho story he had once before told Ecginald Stanford, the a Cory of his unfortunate son. Doctor Frank listened with a faoe of changeless calm. No surprise wiib expressed in his grave, earnest, listening countenance. When the captain had finished his narrative, with an account of the revet that rendered his preennco at once necessary, a faint flush dyod. hia forehead. 'I shall ba oertain, now,' he thought, ' I only saw Agm;s Darling's husband once, and then for a moment; but I shall know him again if I evir Bee him.' 'I shall be with you directly',' ho Bind, rising) ' as soon as they eaddle my horeo.' Ho rang the bell and gave tho order. By tho time hiB cup and coat were on and a few other preparations made the hostler had the horse at the door. . It was quite dark now, but the road wus wMto with enow, and the two men rode rapidly to the Hall, with the strong January wind blowing in their fae6B, They went upstairs at onoe, and Doctor Frank with an odd sensation followed the tnaater of Dan ton Hall across the threshold of.that mysterious Mr. Bichard'e room. The captain's aori lay in a feverish dream, toBBing wildly and raving incoherently. , Kate, Bitting by his bedaide, he niUtook for some one else, calliug hur ' Agnoa' and talking in diajointud JaentunccB of days and things long since past. ' He thinks olio is his wife,' tho captain said, very sadly ; ' poor boy 1' Tho doctor turned up tho lamp and lookod long and earnoatly into tho fevor-flimhod face. His own seemed to havo caught the reflection of that red glow, when at last he looked up. ' It is tho fever,' ho said, ' and a very serious oaae. You sat up last night, your fathor tells me, alias Kato P' ' YeB,' Kate answered. Sho was vory jvhito, and thoroughly worn «nt 11 You are not strong enough to do anything of tho kind. You look half dead now. I will remain hero all night, and do you at once go and lie down.' 'Thank you very much,' Kato said, gratefully. 'I can sloop when I kn6w you are with him.; Do you think there ie any danger ?' 1' T trust not. You and I havo seen . far more serious oaBOB down thoro in St. Oroix, and we have ? brought them round. It iB a very sad story, his— I am vory sorry for your brother.' ' ... , Knto siooped and kissed tho hot face, her tours falling on it. ? ? '' 'Poor, poor Harry. Tho oriine of that dioadful muidnr should not lio at hia door, but at thatoftho base wrotoh he had made his wlfn I' 'Are you quite sure, MUs Danton,' said tho young doctor, serioubly, ' thnt there may not have ?bean Boma torriblo misUko P From what your fathor tolla1 mo, your brother had vory little proof of his wife's criminality beyond tbo words of his ft lend Furnies, who may havo been actuated by ? S mo base motive of his own.' ?'Ha hnd tho proof of his own. senses,' Kate said, indignantly; ' ho suw tho man OroBBby with his wife and heard his words. Tho guilt of Harry's harsh deed should rest far more on her than on Silo turned from tho room, loavinghor fathor and the young doctor to watch by the sick man all night. Th» captain sought his wife and explained ? the oauso of hor brother's sudden sunmonB t and Kato, in her own room, quite worn out, lay down, dreBBOd as she wns, and fell into a. profound, re freshing sleop, from which sho did not awake until la'o next morning, ' - When Kate roturnod to hor brother's ohnrabor, uho found tho dootor nnd the, onptnln gono and Grnoo kooping watch. Mrs. Danton explained that Frank bad beon summoned away about an hour previously to nttend a patient in tho village ; nnd .. tho oftptnio, nt hor entronty, hnd gono to take some rest. Tho pationt was maoh thoearao and was now n Bleep. ' But you should, nob havo come horo. MrB. Daflton,' Kato oxpoatulntod, 'You know this fever is infflotiono, ' ? Mri1, Diinton nmilod. ' ? 'My lift) iB of no moro vnluo than yours or my husband's. I urn not nfraid— I bhonld bo vory un happy if I woto nob permitted to do whatlittlu good I onn.' For tho second time thoro flashod into Ktto a mind tho thought thnt Bho had never deno this . womnn justiae. Hum sbo was, gonoroua and self eaotifloiug, rinking her ownnafcty by tho aiolr hod ?Of hor husband's own son.. Could it be that, after all, she had married hor father beoauao cholovud him, ftnd not booauso he was Captain Duuton of Danton Hall P. . . „ 'Fi.thor Fi-'inoia ought to -know,' Bho mused, 'and Father Fianois slugs hor praisoH on ovnry oooneion. I know Eeny loves hor dearly, and the aorvants like nnd ranpeot bor in a mnnnor I nevor flaw surpipBod. Can it be that I hnvo boon blind, and uniual; nnd pnjudluod from flist-to last, and . tlufc my father'o wife is n thousand timoa bettor than I urn P' , ? , ' . 1 Tliu two women aab togotlior lu tho aiolt room all the forouoon. Ka'o rnlkud to. her stflpmobhei' tot mornBooially arid kindly than shu had «vor tMltod ii- hor before, and wus aurprlnnd to find Graoo had a ready knbwledgo of ovory aulgeot Bho started. Sho orallud at hersulf by and by in a little pause tn vlurconvorsntlon. ' Sho is ronlly vory pleasant, Hho thought L Bhnll bogin to Ilka her presently, I nm afraid. Early In tho aftornoon Doutor Frank roturnnd. Thero was littlo oh^ago in his patlortt, and no oooheion for his remaining Hh stnyad half an hour and then took his lint to lonvo. Hw hnd ,moro pros sing oases in thovlllngoto attond, and .deparfcod, promising to call ugain before nightfall. Tho nows of Mr. Blohnrd'e IIIi.hsb bnd sprond by tl.ia time fcl-rnugh thn houBC Tho young dootor know this, and wondori'd if Agneo Dnrliug hud bnard Ib -ind why sh, did nob try to bou h in. ? Ho wns thinking nboub it as ho walked bilekly down tho av-nuc, and resolving Ub mu»t try to bob , hor that evening, when a lit.tlo black figure step pod ouii fiuin the ahadowof tho trooa and conf routed ^'Annels ana' ralnlBtor-i ot Rrnoo dofond ub I' oiaoulatnd tho dooior. 'I thought it «nn n cjioafc, onl I flud it is only Agne» D-irling. You look ns palo ? b a ghost, though, What Ib tho matter with . ? y°Sho olnnpod hor handa and looked at him pl'0HoBlBslok. You hnvo ootn htm P Oh, Dootor Danton 1 is ib Harry P' . ' , . „ . ' My dear Mrs. Diiuton, I am bnppy bo tell you it is. Don'fc fnlnb, now, or I ahull toll you nothing '' 'h'u loaned i»gntnnt a troo, wlilto and ttombllng, htr hands olaipnd ovor hor boating hoart. ' And ho ia ill, and I may not bub him. Oh, tell ' .?oio wiint la the uiattur.' , ' . ' ,,v ' T '?Fever. Don't nlurm youroolf unnoonoflMlly. I ^lo nod think hie tifo Is in any danttor. ' ' Thank U -d I Oh, tbnilk Qod for that.' be could Bee the fapt-falling tears. 'My doar Agnes,' he said, kindly. 'I don't like to see you distress yourself is this manner. Besides, there is no occasion. I think your darkest days are over. I don't see why you may not go and nurse your husband.' Her handB dropped from before her face, her great dark ryes fixed theniBelvea on his face, dilated and wildly. {To be continued ) 