A fcXirade In Sydney. ASK INVI£-11-. A I !• D VY I FCOPE OF HE : 'LIE A IJ V KJOHJ'.D FOB BY A PROMI.NKM MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LOMG CON- SIDERED INCURABLE BY THE FIB6T PHYSICIANS OP THB WOULD HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUEBED. GREAT VFCLORY FOR DR, WIL- LIAM'S PINK PILLS. (From tbe " Australian Workman." On Thursday afternoon, our representative made his way to the bumble home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 46 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year- old baby, and his face declared bim to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door, Althongh pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to canvalescence. In reply to the prelimanary questions, he said: " You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." How long were you snflering f" " Well, twelve months ugo I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done uotbing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident. I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I wos forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symtoms V " Simply indescribable. Tbe pains were •omethiug terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." «' Did you make use of the order T" ''No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all ever with me, and only a question of days when I would give np the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he couid, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a deases of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating vo'untaiy movement, He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my less. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by tbe advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, whieii I read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was »ble to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was tbe first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incrediable. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have take four boxes of Pink Pills during tbe past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never msed them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." " He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs Jar vis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Pink Pills have saved .his life, and made ano'her man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said ,that Jar vis looked ten years younger that day jthan he did a fortnight previously. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a •cold bath, and all the feeling has come back "in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am. I hope to be able (o resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in ,the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past &ve; years, 1 ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new mm. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden tbe excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at tbe change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again caused quite a sensation out here.' Buch is this remarkable history, and it confirms what Is s iia in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Wiilliams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and epinal disease, .IIHO the many disorders which .irise trom on impoverished state of the blooil, such as au»mia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of bre.ith, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor party in the KS.W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with tbe remark- able case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr M'Gowen say he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there WHS little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admissioQ to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr M'Gowen was, therefore like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Fink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Coy , Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or pest order 1 box for 2s 9d, or £ dozen for I4s 9d. At the recent school examinations, tbe Saltia echool—Ella H. Morriss, teacher— obtained 76*53 per cent, and the Port AogDBta school—Mr John Newton, teacher —obtained a per centage of 75 53. A sentimental writer says that" a baby is a link which binds its mpther to heaven." Pretty often it's a link whichbinds Kerto tbe bouse when she wanu to go oat inakins calls or to do a little shopplng, ^ ™ MUO » 