AN AUSTRALIAN'S RE COLLEUTIONS OF THE BRONTES. \- -A correspondent writes to the Leeds Met' cury.—Long, long- ago, Heaven knows how ■ long, the present writer-was attending the Mel- ; bourne wool sales. Apart from business the visit . was not uninteresting. Whilst staying for some months at that excellent hotel . known as Menssies . I met-, many. interesting people. Assembled there were, wool buyers from both the Continent and the United States. ;The • former were a merry,\but a very cosmopolitan . lot. Amongst them was a good-natured little . Frenchman, ■ from; whom I received much , kindnesi / He,- I understand, still %pur- • sues ..this • calling, - much increased • in weight, •: and it is to be hoped also in grace. . There was also the agent for an Antwerp syndicate, who had been born' - ofGerman parents in the Argentina. Ho does not know much"about wool, but made up.for his want of knowledge by his greed for wool statistics. There-was another German who had come out to one of the great Melbourne , firms to teach everybody everything about the raw material. . He had only been connected with the trade about'20 minutes, but as he had been "made : in Germany" this -fact did. not prevent him " from giving his opinion tc haute voix to men who were in the business before he was cradled. In ah evil moment he published a list of the wools sold that season: im the ^Melbourne market, with his opinion .of the waste of each flock. When the sheaves came to the thresh ing floor, or, rather, when the wools whose loss. he had estimated ' came to the scouring machines of -Bradford, Huddersfield, and else where, he proved to,be.as'a rule about 10 per cent. out. He- was :a ; very decent fellow, but . his- clients . found to their cost that .''although: "made in Germany" .he had still to graduate as a wbolbuyer.'" There was,- however, another German, less loud but more learned,- who was -am excellent judge of wool; and also- another/-who declared himself to be a-Saxon, but whose name made it certain that his paternal ancestor had come to Dresden from Palestine via Poland.- ,.He' certainly belonged to the'vrace . which in. old times reckoned its wealth by shekels of silver and "talents of gold.- Aimo3t every evening we of the trade occupied .one end of the dining table, where the language spoken was French. One night, betwixt'dessei-t and coffee, a gentleman took a seat beside me and introduced himself, as a fellow-Yorkshireman. He was largely interested in sheep and yvool, hut when he told • me that ;,he' came* from Haworth I am afraid " that : much-'as 11. liked to talk'; about wool : and . sheep I ': liked i to talk-' about) the Brontes more. We had a ;long talk about "the grev' _ moorland village and the. wonderful' family which' used to ■ reside in the little parsonage. The name of the > friend I then made is well known in squatting and wool circles alt over the colonies. Mr. J. ' . S. Horsfall now owns three of the best sheep stations in the Riverine,_ and one of these, called Widgiewa, upon which he resides during the autumn and winter of each year, is a model • property. Often has beon Mr. Horsfall been urged to favor 'the readers/of the Mercury with. \ his juvenile recollections' Of the BrOntes, 'but,. being a busy man,_ ho lias up to now evaded the requests of his friends." But in a letter recently received by .one of them.hedoes at ■' last give a few particulars. Mr. Horsfall says "You have-more than once asked me ' to give my recollection of the Bronte family-. for theLeeds Mercury, but-as my people left • Haworth permanently in 1S49, wbenT was only ■. ll years old, and as many residents in Haworth ■ / eanremembei- more of them than I do, what : I can . write. will ; not be of -. much value. My most . vivid rernem-.-. brancesare ofBranwellBronte, who was a great ' : friend of my father's, and whom I distinctly remember _ one evening at our house reciting • from ' Childe" Harold' Byron's fine address to - the ocean. I never forgot it. * It made a great , impression on my mind,land I can remember • him now,' a.'little mail (compared with my father, who-was tall), with light reddish hair, - and wearing spectacles. I remember he took opium,-and: not being able .to find a piece he had had in his pocket, he was in a Btate of great excitement, fearing that he had inadver tently swallowed it. The' three sisters I used frequently to ineet passing our house on their way to and from the moors. One ortwo.of them had. dark ringlets, and I well remember their great reddish brown mastiff Keeper, as he was a great terror to me and other small schoolboys. -They bad a pet spaniel also called • Flossy, I think,, who was'very friendly, and I often patted the little fellow. I re member old Mr. Bronte and tha great pulpit, \ a regular three-decker I'think it.was..; The' churohyard I used at night to scamper through - • at a great pace .when returning home late. It was supposed that ghosts could- be seen, there after dark, so you may be auc§33Tdid not dare to look either to the right 'ofvleft, but the moment I got to the stile at the end of - the churchyard I ran up the I fields all the way borne at my utmost speed and used-i to count the trees in the gloaming as' I went - along .to'discover- how near to lioine l was getting. I firmly believed 'in ghosts in those ' days, having read an awful book called "The -Invisible World,' full of the' most' sensational stories of .the reappearances of people who had been murdered, and I think most Haworth people in those days believed them to be true.'b' 