RESURRECTIONIST REID The Centemial Park Ghost . \ Materialised. An Extract From Ex-Treasurer 1 Burns, (To ihe Editor of the "Star.") fair, — When Ways and Means' occupied the attention of the -House, a' few weeks back Mr. M. C. Cowlishaw drew at tention in your columns to a. credit entry of £224,000; representing moneys ex pended on the Centennial Piark (a good deal of It for sand-shlftlng), . and pertinently ticmt-u. uuuer wnia aiuinortty jrremmer iveiu exhumed this Item and credited it to his financial year. The sum in question, or at all events most of it, had been 'expended and decently Interred in the eighties. True, an effort was made to resurrect It In 1890, but since then it has been' allowed to rest In peace. It was therefore with no little sur prise that I teamed our present Treasurer had again utriearthed this ghost-like Item, "and brought it forward as a credit, appar ently to bolster up a fictitious surplus for the close of his financial year. Such n-n- entry violates every canton of book-keeping— every principle of sound financing, and if It were to be permitted to operate as a precedent In ordinary business circles . commercial dis trust and financial bankruptcy must' inevi tably follow. To confirm my assertion that the item had been decently interred in the eighties I have only to refer to the "Han sard" of the period, and to the speeches of ex-Treasurers Di'b-bs and Burns and Mr. Henry C'opelamd, when the resurrecting pro; cess was being attempted in October, 1890. It Is to the credit of the Treasurer of -the day to say. that Ihie idid not persist in -his attempt to carry out such an extraordinary piece of bock-keeping, and tone can readily imagine In what peculiarly unpleasant straits a Trea surer must be placed when he would endea vour to take out of ifh-e- debris of the dead past an expenditure and treat It as a live asset for the future. Bod enough would It be. had it been possible at the time to treat the expenditure as an asset. Much worse then is the cose When It Is found that neither ntow nor originally would tlhe Treasurer be justified in treating the Item otherwise than as ordinary expenditure to be debited against ordinary revenue. Here Is an extract taken from "Hansard" of October 22, 1890: — 'Mr. Burns: "I am quite sure hon. members having the leaist knowledge of finance would not have allowed the Colonial Treasurer to include In his revenue the expenditure on the Centennial Park, which certainly coiuld form no portion of his revenue account. I find that the Treasurer has brought down a statement in which he bias included -the suim of £150,000 as from the Bale of land and actual revenue for the year. >Hon. members must under stand that a statement of the finances of the colony by the Colonial Treasurer' ghoufld be a statement of -the actuial cash balances of the colony. The Treasurer is bound to show the House how he proposes year by year, from the amounts receivable up to the end of the year, to meet the charges of the year. It Is entirely wroing to include In the accounts a payment on account of improvements which miay be an asset in some other direc tion, but which meanwhile cannot be in cluded in -a cash transaction, enabling the Government to reckon upon tills sum as part of the cash receipts for the year." Turning'1, to ithe Same copy of "Hansard" from which I -took the albove extract from the speech of ex-Treasurer Burns I -find the following remarks by (Mr. '(inow Sir George) Dlbbs: — "To a certain extent I am antici pated in some' of tihle items, to which I In tend to refer, by -the speech of the hon. member for St. Leonards, -Mr. Burns, There is no doubt that the- remarks of that hon. member are uin-aniaw arable, (and ithey point to this fact, that the credit balance staled to exist at the- end of the year -.1889 did not exist. I begin to think that the Colonial" Treasurer is suffering from nightmare, amd that he has dreamed that the Centennial Park land has been sold. Until his dream is realised that £150,000 has no' right in the ac counts. To put the thing as it has been- puit by t'he hon. member for St. Leonards, why not discount the future revenue from the free selectors' 'balances?" Following Sir George Dlbbs, Mr. Copeland is reported as follows: — "I . think I am. not saying too much when I say that I will convince every unprejudiced member that the Colonial Treasurer (Mr. M'Mlllan) has Improperly, taken credit for the sum of £200,- 000 in connection .with the Centennial Park expenditure. I think It Is of ; paramount importance that 'financial statements should bo accurate, and should be made In such a way that no Colonial Treasurer can make It appear to the country that he has a con siderable surplus for the year, when, in point of fact, he has no surplus whatever. During the time when the Jennings Go vernment were , in office it will be remem bered that large numbers of men were put on- to clear certain suburban lands at Hornsby, Harbord, Heathcote, and se veral other places near Sydney. Mr. Burns: With a view to sale. The men were put on to clear the timber off the land, and clear the scrub away for the express purpose of making the ,land more available for sale, of enabling intending pur chasers to go on to llhe land, and view the positions and see the whole aspect of tlhe country. If the present Colonial Trea surer is justified in taking credit for the ex penditure of £200,000 on the supposition thalt he is going to ' be reimbursed by reason of the sale of the Centennial Park land how much more would the previous Colonial Treasurers, the hon. member for the Mur- rum'bidgee (Mr. Dibbs), and the hon. mem ber for St. Leonards (Mr. Burns), have been entitled to take credit for the full value of these lands on which large sums of Govern ment money had been expended for pur pose of sale?" Sir, I do not" wish to trouble you further upon this point in the extraordinary finan cing of Treasurer Reid except to say that he has deservedly added, in my opinion, one more little to the long list he had con ferred upon him during his Diamond Jubilee junketing— that of "Resurrectionist" Reid. — Yours, &c..; PRO PATRIA. 