THE GHOSTS OF A LOST . EXPEDITION. THE FATE OF OTTO EHLERS IN GERMAN PAPUA. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) W ueu" Tn"'lS95 tlld news reached Papua of the fearful end of . an expedition that, starting from the north-east coast, attempted to cross tho island an.l reach the English south coast at the mouth of the Motu-motu River, it created tlie greatest con- sternation, as the leader, Otto Ehlers, a special favorite of tho German Emperor, was regarded as a traveller of considerable experience, and tho difficulties ho would have to meet on his hazardous trip wero duly impressed upon him before lie started. Mo took no notice, however, of warn ing! or the grim forebodings of others more ac quainted with the special terrors of tho dark island's interior. Only a section of tho black carriers, recruited from New Ireland and New Britain, ever ac complished the end of the journey; hut as most of tho boys spoke excellent English, tho Government of British Papuu, who sent tho survivors over to the German head station in the Astrolabe Bay, and subsequently tho Germans were able to elicit a very complete and apparently satisfactory re port from the few witnesses of one of those fierce and silent tragedies that no cable reports. If nothing but the unutterable sufferings of those bravo pioneers in the service of humanity and science had transpired, nobody out of a limi ted circle of interested parties would have heard tho names of those martyrs. But sensation re surrects names. Thanks to the efforts of Judge Dr. Habi, Im perial Chancellor In tho Bismarck Archipelago, tho mystery of their death has at last been eluci dated. Rumors of foul play had been alive j amongst the natives visiting trading stations in tho north of New Ireland, but as tho accusations wore rnado against inimical tribes, and tho spite ful unvoraclty and treacherous ingenuity of the Melanesian are well established facts, those tales wero attributed to Inter-tribal intrigue, to a spirit of cowardly revenge. Since then, how ever, the probability of tho story, together with tho unanimous consensus of witnesses, created an agitation for a new trial, which has just been concluded, and brings to light a terrible tale. The official report on the fate of Ehlers and Pierlng, tho two white men of the expedition, and the carriers, published in German papers two years ago, is awful reading. The utter desola tion that engulfed the party from the very first range, the continual dreary rain, the furious mountain forests, wero glooiuy and disheartening enough. But later on, one by one, other enemies appeared and dogged their footsteps — Intangible fiends that no courage could overcome: starva tion, disease, fear,, and silence! No one who has not felt his very heart shudder with the touch of daily, weekly, monthly silence, silence un broken bar by tho sad, monotonous drop of the rain from leaf to leaf, sileaco so all-pervading and uuutterahla tbqt it seems like a proof of atheism — nobody without such an experience will understand tho sufferings such an absence of all life can produce. It is death within life. Add to this tho fearful bodily misery of tlio men, who hoped against hope from day to day to see the last mountain chain, that would allow them a look into freedom and tlio world; tho evil skin diseases, that niado them even hato and loath their own bodies; tho self-reproaelics of tlic- leader for his foolhardy daring; and wo have a picture of Inferno incarnated. For l'apua does not simply coarsely murder; It tortures first. And then, when at last tho great southern river, the Motu-motu, tho path to relier,. was struck, just when hopo began to have a raison d'etre, tho two white men died— drowned, as was stated, while asleep on tho foundering raft that was to carry them seawards. The rest of. the expedition, with tho exception of a number of hoys said, to be bushed or dead fruin starvation or dysentery, managed to get to the coast, and, aided by a nativo teacher of the L.M.3., .were transported to l'ort Moresby. Such was the tale. But now it appears that tho history of that unfortunate expedition had a few more terrible characters than was at first assumed. Eveu now the tacts are far from com plete, but they are sufficient to provo that can nibalism in its most dreaded form, insurrection, ghastly, miserable despair, and murder accom panied tho stricken column. Elder's mistakes were many; his judgment was at fault in nearly every particular regarding ilio exigencies of tho march through that howling wilderness, clothed In luxuriant colors, that petrified nightmare. Ilo had not sufficient provisions, or clothes, or tents. He carried unnecessary baggago with him, such as bedsteads, £200 in gold, bo.Nes, rifles, etc., while his carriers had not oven a tarpaulin to protect their naked, shivering, thorn, and leech- torn bodies from tho cruelly cold rain of the mountains at night. But for all that, Ehlers was a bravo man, who even under the tortures ho personally suffered over tried to encourage tho lost legion he led. And he deserved a better fato than thut he struck. Imagination may easily supply what Is better not written: the fight of tho superior Caucasian intellect against tho bes tial savagery that threatened daily more under the Inceutivo of fierce sufferings to break the weak bonds of scarcely learnt authority, till at last It all ended in murder, and — well, other things. Especially tho fact that tho expedition was composed of natives of different tribes, who In a state of nature hato each other fiercely (the very reason that brought these last facts to light), seems to point out a liorriblo state of affairs, after tho last scrap of flour had disappear ed, and leaves and roots formed the nourishment of those hopeless savages, with the hunger, the appcttto for human flesh, only half controlled at best of times, burning in their aching entrails. Such, then, is the tragedy that the simple news item concerning tho. murder of German Papua hides. As a specimen of nearly incredible horror, it has fow equals; as a recommendation to Papua, it Is moro truthful than inviting; as an example of stupid madness, ennobled by bra very, it reminds of. the crusades; hut as a lesson In colonisation, "very likely it lias been, and still may prove, valuable. Tor nature teaches man her laws in no kindly, but unmlstukable, fright fully plain languago.- ; 