Ia#v; The Open Column. . - IThS» coinmn being open for the expression of iluTerent opinions on publie mattera, they are to bo considered at ". t£o« of oar cottapandenta, and not necessarily endorsed by nj.] " . " * To the Editor of the ' Northern Star.' " TRUTH IS STRANGER THAN FICTION KIR,-In dealing with the above subject one must be so very careful to define what truth "?? - hr as it being such a stranger-it is almost unknown-there is a substitute at large that bas io taken its place that it passes muster . for the genuine article, clothed, ss it wer« HS an angel of lix ht. There is only one, truth, as «very intelligent person will acknowledge, and that is the Holy Scriptures, nnd we h eat so many arguments to and for the different doctrines now extant in the world, that people mi: as it were in a maze to understand which is right. We hear it said right and left tl»nt the Bible is haril to understand, that it is only for educated people : to . pro-' claim it ta their tess fortunate brethren in education ; hut that same book declares that" it is so simple and plain, and so easily-under- stood, " that a fool, though a wayfaring mun need not stumble at it. the secret is vnrv. ?iiiiiile." It is declared in that book of booka' that »he"secret of. the Lord is. with them/ -?: , thut'fea^r. Him," and we know for a positive' fact that " there are none so Mind1 ns those . that won't see." J£ we are searchers after; .truth with the same diligence that we search : sf ter gold, we aie promised .'that we shall get", it, for there is no such result as fail in God's word. This grand and glorious hook ts popu- larly recognised as God's word, but when . portions of the Scriptures aro held up for (mr guee and Riven to us for our instruction; it is, ; l am sorry to say, ridiculed grossly by even our professing Chiiatians and their teachers/; . because .they well know that if the muns bf. ' .the people weie to grasp the truth of God's word,, they would bein the same position ns' ' Simon tho Sorcerer (Acts, viii, chap.), their ' living would be gone ; for jiist?a8"the people of old were led away hy their divers lust; by. their teachers, so. in these latter1 days » tho \- people raise np teachers for themselves: Yes,: ' teachers who have itching eais, uîid wlio . compel - the people to believe : lies.,i Israel.of ' . old were persuaded to make a solden calf.' '.' Yes, even while MOBBS '' wu»; away \ 'getting the ten Conimaiidiiie'nts '.-;for>.';'G'oil. on Mount Sinai. Israel ¡ of oldi ng*iii,1 were dissatisfied with the rulé, of- God; although they had ' been brought'out of terrible bondage and made tb cross- the/.Re'd; .'-.'-. Sea on dry,;land, mid fed and provided;for- by a loving and bountiful God and Father.'; .-.'? For 40 years in the wilderness they wanter! tv; king like, /other nttions, .¿nd';. ujthotigli'íthéy' niiserahly.: failed wlien God did,giant;thein their desire, when they cam« back, to that' \- Being wiin hud been so grossly slighted ?hy them Hw foijgavo them and led'them on atid,;' .>on till they.?reached the, b<ítn.ÍerB,suf.C''tihe: promised land, that land that hail been ? promiseil '^tb ? Ahruhvirn and his seed for'oVHiv' Let us pass on to the prophète, how'.God spoke to the people by them, and inédito' win them over . to Himself, till ' we oome' to the time. of. the bil th of John the Hum ist. ." ' and that Being who tho great Jehovah tells. . AIHWHS Flis beloved Son in whom He. was weil pleased, and who waa the delight Of t h«' Father, Ha »old them to hear Him, and'after" ..leading them, teaching them Himself in the . first days, in the .middle ages, by, His . ', . prophets, and then by Hi» dear and only Son ithe Lord Jesus Ch nat) He has in these laRt sysrspoken to us by the Holy Ghost;'the Comforter. Still, they will not hear just'tile, ?allie as the people in tho days of Noah, they. . v are still grasping at the shadow and ' reject-' ing tho truth, but to as many HU received . : - Him to .them He gave the power to become (free will) children of God, simply by obey- ing ALL of His divine commands, for .the Word declares obedience is better than sacri ; fice, and hearkening to the fat of rams. He .. .' also de cl a res in His Word that God desireth? v *' not the death of the sinner, which,'He' could' ú - easily accomplish, hut rather that he slipnlC ,Jiw. But. I will coiiolúde, forTthfl.'sulijeot" V- . cannot be told in one.'letter,»1 will in .my¡ . next letter, if permitted, tell you theA lies -r.l??. the people are compelled to helieve,und.*nin,p'ï; ;.'..'. more interesting matter concerning the'end; '.H : ot all ? things, when the kingdoms of this . world shall become again thone of our Lord " . ' nnd ¡Saviour Jesus Christ, from whom.!;, they, 4-w .. have . been wrested, and ,1 would ,t recall .[/to," .your minds the words "That if they .will Í;' not believe Moses and the prophets-lieUhei" V- will they believe one even ' if 'ihe rosô'.from, ; ¡ =. . the dend." Asking pardon for keeping;yóu' ii,'...¿ m long.-I nm, «to., '?'''....'.''. : ,7'' \- ,? . . S.G lt.,-, 