HITS AND BITS. Hard to beat—A wet carpet Wife: what do you think of Bridget's cook- ing. Husband: I think if she tried to boil water she'd burn it. She (sentimentally): What poetry there in a fire. He (sadly): yes, a great deal, all my poetry has gone there. The worst cases of incompatibility of temper occur when both parties have the same kind of temper and plenty of it. He : I wonder why it's said to be a man and not a woman, we see in the moom ? She (with emphasis) : Because he stays out all night. " Mamma, what is classical music?" "Oh, don't you know ? It's the kind that you have to like whether you like it or not." First Doctor (in the near suture): Good pho- tograph, isn't it ? Second Doctor : Fairly good. Flatters the left lung though I think. A much-worried parent with nine grand- daughters depicts love as : " Two heads with but a single thought, two fools that act like one." She : That is Mr. Garebege, the artist. He is wedded to his art. He : Judging from his appearance, I should say that he didn't marry for money. He : Don't you think, dearest, that the Rev. Dr. Rober is the best man to marry us ? She (three times a widow) : I think so, dear. I've always had him. " You want to keep your eye on the woman's bonnet," says an item in a fashion paper. No, we don't want to, but under certain conditions, dear editor, we have to. Guest (to whom the waiter has brought an extremely ditty bill of fare) : By Jove, that's an excellent idea—samples of the different dishes shown on the menu. When a camel is kept for long time without food, its hump disappears. This is where a camel differs from a man, who under similar circumstances gets the hump. Proud Father : That is a sunset my daughter painted. She studied painting abroad, you know. Friend : Ah, that explains it/ I never saw a sunset like that in this country/ Mother : how is it that you get so many bad marks at school ? Little Boy : Well, the teacher has got to mark somebody, or else people will think she ain't attending to her business. V " Are yon married ?V said the manager to a> man who was looking for a situation, "'No, , sir," " 'Then I o»u't employ yon. We fied-i that married men kuourbottor bow to obey/than bttobc'lors/' " Yon uuwn'fc be snuoy, Fanny," said'tha maiden aunt to the little girl. "No one will love yen if yon' ate." " Were you -saucy when you were a little girl, aunty ?" ankcd'fcho-guile« lea ohild. " Here's a 'letter from Isabella, She 'ssya she's going 'to be wsrrlod," " V/oll, it'a about timo. If she didmob chuoge'hordast-name,'ib would be necessary to change tha -first to Wsabc!l/' Old Dry water : My boy, in nil ereatiomyom won't find onynnimnl exospt man who-mskee a habit of smoking. Young Puffs -: Yea, sir, 'but neither do 1 know sny other animal that cqoke his men! ! Daughter : Thin piano is really my very owa, isn't it, pa? Pa: Yos, my denr. "And when 1 marry I oan take it with mo, can I ?" " CciUlnly, my child ; but don't tell any one. It might spoil Yqpr chancre," Success Ensured.— She : I am surprised that. her father conscsted. He: I had twoeetso; roteronoes, you sec. Quo for tbo oldmsa that'1 I was a paragon of virtue and industry, and another for tbe girl (bat 1 was an awful-scamp, ## . At the Masquerade.— Lottie : From this trasa i shall believe in ghosts, Tottie : Why so# Lottie : You know that " widower " who hae been devoting himsolf to me all the evoning ? Woll, bis doad wifo appeared just now and took him home, Friend (to middle-aged golf-player)-: Hallo, old chap ! 8o you oro going to get married ? Congratulations, I'm sure !«— Middle-aged Golf flayer : OongrHbulations I Ob, it isn't liko that at all, Taylor, the champion, took a wife some time ego, and It scorns to have improved bis game, so I'm goiug to try it. 