TKfc BETBAYAL OFJflHH FORDHAM. By B. L- FAFJEON, Author of 'No. 119, Great Torter Square,' 'Grif,' 'The March of Fate,' 'Foi the Def enoe,' ' A or on tbs Jew,' etc, CHAPTER XXXIV.— PAUL GODFBftt ?PRIVATE DEIE0T1VH, CONTINUES HIS NABBATim PdncLnaliy at eight o'clock the following morning Wheeler presented himself, and under thageal of oecivcy I gave him a fair Jofliffbt into tie mvfitcry. lie was greatly excited, and said u 1 succeeded in bringing lbs trfltb to light I was a made man. 1 was beginning to think so myself, .£?l? 1 dld ,no} underrate the difficulties with which 1 utU to contend. 1 seemed to be pulled in bo many wbvb at once, and to have so m&ny; thing* to look after, that 1 flaw the danger of wasting thy time ripou matters of no im pdrtance and allowing the leading etringa to slip away £fom»me. 1 was glad) therefore, to obtain the services of a man upon fthom I could rely, and as I deemed it imperatively neccB&rytbat;,IfluQuld remain in London I explained to Wheeler my desire that Louis, boiy should be exhumed and Identified/ and asked him if be thought be could manage it. He was confident ,he could ; lie bad friends among the Liverpool police who would do all in their power for him ; he laughed at the suggestion of the difficulties that might present themselves, and declared he would carry out his mlsson even if he had to dig up the bodv himself in the dead of night Knowing Wheeler id tie ft bit of a bulldog, ana aanng bb well as wnacione, i wan uujru than satisfied with his assurances. 11 Yon will have a surgeon will, you,1' I said, ' WAGse evidence will be conclusive as to ti eg :ar on tbe forehead. 1 understand the Lena was penetrated. Ever;, thing must be dttie- quickly, and above all the affair, must bfe kept out of the newspapcrfl.' I lft id special emphasis upon this, because I did bOt intend that the game should be taken oat of my Hand*. We settled upon an address in Liverpool to which I couli wrlu: or wire any further instruc'iODB that might be necessary, and he went off In high spirits to catch the ten o'clock train. Before proceeding to my office I paid a visit to my dram-drinking friend who bad been cast off by Madame Loubert, His name, which she had renounced, was Whj brow. I paused her shop on the way, having no fear that 1 would be recognised, ami takinc naHlealar rArf- nnt to rub tnv chin with the middle finger of my right hand. I saw Madame Loubert behind the counter, and caught a glimpse of that confounded green curtain. ? It is curious how one thing suggests another. The moment my eyes fell npon tbe curtain an idea suggested itself which set me laughing, and which proved to be perhapB the moat important step in the elucidation of the mjBtery. 1 will not mention it in this place, but I de termini -J. to ace upon it later on it 1 considered it advisable. Clever as Madame Loubert was, I hoped to show that I was one too many Mr Whybiw was in bed, pining for liquor. I scut out for a quartern of fjio— that being the cheapcBt tipple — ami under its influence, and fortified by my saving that 1 thought, I should be able to bring Madame Loubtrt to book in his interests, he had two friunds who visited her from time to time, and with whom he was not allowed to strike up an acquaintance. One of these attention to his description of the man, whom he suspected bad supplanted him in her affections. This man was bill and dark ; but ha had no beard or whiskers. J thought of Wheeler's words, ' they might have been false,11 and 1 left Mr Whybrow with tue conviction that it wob tbc man who barl followed me from 6obo. If that were so I had alarmed him by my reference to Louis' mother, and he had signalled to Madame Loubert to give her a warning that I might be a spy; his beard and whiskers being false was another point in my favor. I had sufficient confidence to introduce myself in my own proper person to that lady and make a trifling purchase- She served me politely, but there was trouble in bcr tace, which rather pleased me than otherwise. 1 was pleased, too, . that Bhe betrayed no recognition of me, and did not connect me with tbe man who hod paid her a visit tbe night before, Leaving her, I went on to John Fordham, who was still under remand, and likely to remain so for some time yet, for the police had not progressed in their inquiries, and Fordham had made no recantation of the accusation he had brought against himself. Cheering him with the ncwB that I was gathering valuable information (of which 1 did not give him the particulars) I obtained from him a description of Maxwell's per sonal appearance. Tall and dark, wearing neither beaTd nor whiskers. That settled it. Maxwell was tbe man who was stationed, bsoiad the green curtain, who had Bhadovred me to my lodgings, and who was bo fright ened bv Fordham'fl nnblic confession of the murdi r that, for his own safety's sake, be went about now in a disguise. Good. Then on to my office, where Mrs Barlow was waiting to supply me with a description of the birthmarks of her missing son by which he could be identified. Ihxs-r have already been recorded, and need no further mention here. Needless to say, 1 did not inform Mrs Barlow that I had already oh she last saw or heard from him. 1 made short work of the business in my office which required attention. So absorbed wa6 I in this mysterious murder mvettrr that I could not think seriously of any other enbject. My mlveniBcment for Philip Bar low had thus early unearthed three men of that n&mc;, whom 1 found in my office upon ray arrival there, I confronted them with Mrs Ttftrlow. and tVi^v wnrn immrr)in.1.i-lv iIi'r. missed, much to their dissatisfaction.' My second advertisement, enquiring for Morgan, was despatched to tbc newspaper office, and 1 left with my clerk a memorandum of the age and birthday of Mrs Barlow's son, which were to be the first questions put to all ap plicants of either name who presented them selves. Their answers not tallying with my right about. By these means a great deal of unnecessary trouble was avoided. At a quarter to twelve 1 sallied forth to keep my appointment with Jack, having first effected the requisite alteration in my appearance. My own clerk wts start kd when I emerged from my private room in the character of a coster monger, and was driven to say It was ' the best thing I had ever done in the way of disguise.' He was sot far from tbe truth; I am always most successful when I depict the manners of the lower class. Jack himself wns taken iu when I slouched up to him and engaged him in conversation, and it was not till I spoke in nay proper voloe that he recog nised me. ' Well, I'm darned !' was his admiring exclamation. 'Guv'nor, you ought to go on tbe stage.' It was a genuine compliment, and I felt that I bud achieved something great. If I don*t maki a fortune as n private inquiry agent I will go to the music halls and sing coster songs. 'Well, Jack,' said I, 'do yon still belirvR in your ghost?' *' I'll take my oath on )t,' he replied. Then wo went boldly forth, on tin road to Finchley. First, however, in pursnaocc of the idea which est me laughing carlirr ? hat morning when I passed Madame l/onbert« strop, I termed tbe doikevs head in tbe riirrctiou of Sobo, which was not much oat of our way. I had the temerity which I offered at so low a prict that the was temptrd to purchase thc-m but not before eha bad baited me down twopence a pot'. The price eb°. paid was eightpene1. A shrewd woman at a bargain, this Madame Lambert. Laughing in my sVcvc I rejoined Jack, and we porsaed par journey in search of Louts' ghost. It did rot appear, and though I kept a sharp look out 1 saw nothing of Maxwell. Tho only satisfaction I obtained was that the route taken by Jack was the same by which Wbeeler bad tracW tbe tall dark man who had bmn concealed behind tbe green enrtain in Madame Lou* bert'fl fbop. I returned home late at night:, and completely tired out. A oostermongOT's life is not a easy one ; be truly earnB bis livelihood by the sweat ot bis brew. A telegram from Wheeler lay on my table ; ' All goes well. The body will be exhumed to-night.' My opinion of him was justified j he was not the man to let the grass grow under his feet. Nothing more could be done till I recL-i^ed his report. On the following morning I received another tele gram from him : ' Will be with you at four this afternoon.'1 Not a word bb to the result of tbe examination ; but he certainly had lost no time. So impatient was I us the hour ap proached that I could not keep indoors, but walked up and down the Btreet, to hail him the moment he appeared. A few minutes past four o'clock hiB cab rattled up to the ' I am a Hale behind time,' he said as he paid the cabman, and 1 c^uld see he wbb excited. ' Those confounded trainB— they ' Ton hive nevrB,' I Baid. ' Bither queer news,' he replied. '? Ltt uBgoiaand talk.' He followed me to my room, the door of which he locked. Uiru me n viifz uiii, iit bum), * ana b driuk ; aod Ibca } ou shall hear somcLbicg startling.' I carted uv impatience while be ate and dravk II That hts done me good,' be said ; ' I Godfrey, 1 want to nek v;ht:tti(.r yon de ' In what way ?' ' In - hie. Ton told me ttat a man ol the yon dcfcribtdacerlainniork bj wbick his bj.:y cuuld be idcntifi.d.' ??Yes' ' The mark was a Ecsr on his forehead, cacsed bj a wound inflicted upon him by a gardening tool. It penetrated to tbo bon*, yon eaii, and be would cirry tbe scar to his grave. If I znisntidcrBtand Jon( iut me ' You did not misunderstand me, Tbe scar is as I described. I have evidence that it turned Wool -red whenever he was i xcited. I bare not misled joa in the slightest par ticular.' ' I am glad to hear it. His balf brother, John Fordbam, who gave himself up for tbe ' Of which we know him to be innocent,' I interrupted. ' That is not tbe point I tin cominir to.' said Whcoler. 'He gaye himself up for the murder, and be is positive that be left tbe dead body of Louis in tbe R' c-street house when he left it on the mornirf; of that 'He is quite pcBilive' ' He ncognietd ibv boi.v as that of Louis by the scar on Ihe forebua.I I' ' Quite correct.' ' Then all I can say is that there is another mystery to be uuravi llrrt. New for what 1 did. I wont down to Liverpool, nelermincd to see this matter tbiough, and not to waste a moment over it. I may fairly claim that not a motnent has b ''~n wastod. ?' Undoubtedly. I c uld not have done it mere ezpediiioosly siist'f.' 'I pass oyiT,''hc'continu'd, 'the pre liminary steps 1 took to cfti ct my obj-.et. The police aseietod me, &Dd; an order from a mhgiBtr&te; armed me with the necessary authority. Accompanied by two of tbe force and by ft sarg^on who knew what he was about, tbe grave was dng up at eleven o'clock last nigbt, and tho csi£n tak^D to tbc sur geon's bou&u.; There ac examination of the body «as tna.le. Thi: upprr portion ol tbe skull was perfect. Neither durine tbe man's lifetime, nor«frL-r his dvath.hsd the slightest icjan licra inflxli-1 on u sinRle bone In it, ' Imrxmiklv I' I cried. ' H^rc is ih-3 Furgion's report. It leads you described to me was inflicted npon Louis Fordham. the body that wes buried is not hit, but another man's.' I R»z:d at Wheeler, open-mouthed. Here wis another mystery, indeed, if what he slatei was truf. ' Yon must have dnjj up the wrong grave,' I said, wbtn 1 rtcovejed from my aBtonish ' It occurred to mo that it might lie so,' he 6aid, ''and I had it looked into. No mis take has been n;aie. The bodv the surcoon examined was that of the man who had been murdered in live .Street. Make up your mind to that, or you will be thrown off tbe sc?nt The man we dng up web murdered ; his face tad been soiaEhcd in, but, as 1 have Faiil. the upper part of the skull was uninjured. What do \ou make of it?' Whtttcould I make of it except that both John Kordham and Jack were laboring tablisb thai hypothesis (lie conclusion niuBt be drawn that tlieso two men were in collu sion, and that some inipo&sililc; storv had Iven intvnlcil for eoiuc hiiidcn purpose. Now. except during the siruirple on the night of the murder, when .lack had dashed ham, who was under the impression that a men had never met, and each declared that he had rot i-cn ihe face of tbe other. How, then, couSd they have invented such a storv 7 I dismisEs.! the idea as impossible. While I pondered over this irceh mystery wceeler 6at quietly looking at me and fingering the surgeon's report, which I had not taken from him. Presentlv I found my voice. '? Were there any other marks on the body by which it mipht be identified r '' Oh, y18,' Wheeler replied, ' two. On the left side, just above the hip. is a small growth of bone, which in lifetime might have been mistaken for a mole ; ftnd the bonoB of the toe next, to the big toe on the right foot are completely bent under.' (TO HE COKTIKDED NEXT SATtTBDAYO 