THE > DEVIL'S HEAD Published by Speoial Arrangement. l i ' \ By J. FITZGERALD MOLLOY, c AuthoY of "An Ezoollont Knave," "Tho Life and Adventures of Pepf WofflngtonjV -'p . "How Came Ho Doad," "A JuBtifled Sinnor," " On "Wheels of Fir©i,> £ . ; "The HoBt Gorgeous Lady Bleesington," ; ' CoEYRIOHT.J . CHATTER V. s Ohiana's Message. r nY V J HE morning /'' J ft T nftor his , La > mooting ( r-4, !"" -a with Oriana, Vsl j . — . 7 Rigelstrayeil ( \ I f away from | B fe the terrnce'of 13 the castle " | /| IT V into tho gar- i»J (1en8i when vNiX7Kj?3 coming to a , broadplateau j he was sud- denly con- fronted by a magnificont viow lying beneath and beyond him, of wide- stretehing valleys, 'with thoir home steads and villages backed by woodlands, the whole onriched by the Rhoboll, the Snowdon, and the Cader Idris moun tains towering against tho clear blue gray of the distant horizon. He looked ovor tho lnnd with search ing eyes. Far as ho could seo it all belonged to Philip ; not a soul who lived in those valleys and tilled the soil but paid him a rental that helped to swell .'his income to thirty thousand a year, an immense sum surely for ono indi vidual. At that momont Philip, practical and orderly as ho wns iu all things, was going ovor his accounts with tho agent. His morn ings wero entirely devoted to business. Regularly as clockwork tho steward called on certain days for consultations with the now baronot, whom ho found as shrowd as his predocossor. Rigcl was theroforo freo to spend as lie pleased tho hours hotwoon breakfast and lunch. During the early days of his stay lie had delighted in wandoring about nnd examining tho castle, traversing pas sages hung with tapostries that some times concealed locked doors, entering quaint suites of drawing-rooms shrouded in holland, and containing strangely carved furniture,' spinets that had given no sound for centuries, spindle- legged card tables whoro fortunes had' boon lost and won, and spotted mirrors that had reflected tho beauty of the women of his house. Entering these silent apartments, through whoso shuttered windows faint and shadowy lights gained a grudged admission, in whoso atmosphere tho smell of dried rose leaves still lingered, it seemod to Rigel ns if he had stepped into bygono ages and mingled with a past that had littlo in common with tho presont. And so strong did this impression gain upon him, that on open ing ono of thoso hcuvy oak doors ho would not have been surprised to come upon a company of ghosts in hoop and powdor in Bilkon hoso and satin breeches, with waving fan and enamelled snuff- , box in hand, nnd thoir high-heeled ! shoes and dangling swohIb clinking on v tho waxed floor, as they ourtsiod pro foundly or trod tho stately mpasiu-o of a dance. The place that inoBt impvossed him, however, was the picture gaUery, that ran along tho whole western sido of tho castle, and contained little olso savo family portraits. Hero were statesmen and soldiers, courtiors that had been favourites of a king, admirals that had won famous victories. And with thorn woro their wives in' every variety of costume, holouging to overy roigu.' They were all his ancestors j he hnd sprung from thom, their blood was in his veins. He could not help fooling impressed by tho pride of ancestry, by tho knowlodgo that through a long line of illustrious men lie could traco his family until its origin was lost in pro- I historic tiraos, Nor could lie help ; ndxhitting to himself that since his arrival at Redoliffo Castle Ids impros- . sionable .mind had undorgouu some change, . . ' For the first time ho had entered one of tho magnificent homos for whioh Great Britain is famed ; ho had experi enced its manifold comforts, nnd admired the siinplo dignity of its ordor. His lovo of luxury was gratifiod by tho stately rooms ho inhabited, by tho massivo silver of the table service, by the surroundings that overy whore hore' evidence of an ancient splendour, by tho loyalty of the service givon by thoso ! whoso forbears had for generations boon servants of his race. The stable with its horses was at his service; tho fine old library invited . him to oxploro its unknown nohes; an excellent cook added something to tho enjoyment of life. And everyone ho encountered, tenant or townsman, treated him with friendly rospoot; for to them ho was a soion of a family con-, nootcd with 'and served by them for 1 : centuries. All this was widoly difforcnt v '.from anything ho had oxporioncod a month ago, from what ho would again know in a fow weeks. In a great oity ' lie would ho ono amongst a "crowd, for . whom no spooial consideration would ho shown. Thero would ho no home life , " for him. Ho would livo in a second- , v rate honrding-houso, cat beside any man or wornun who could pay for a meal, ho served by a slipshod waiter with soiled ... linen and dirty noils, to dishes, tho poverty of whoso quality, would ho concealed undor a richness of soasoning. He would rido on a tramcar or omnibus. . True, he need no longer struggle for daily bread, as the thrco hundred a . year , ho inherited would BUpport and allow him to .choose what work ho pleased. But what was throo hundred a year in comparison with thirty thou- '' sand and suoh a homo as Redoliffo Castle? "With a srnilo of solf-pity he remembered tho idea instilled into his . . youthful mind by his poor foolish . father, that ho, Rigol, would one day imagination to dwell on what might have been. "With a pardonable pride ho- folt assured ho would do justice to tho position. Philip i hardly, looked the /;, part. He had no dignity, and ho . , soaroely appreciated his surroundings, : ' perhaps bocauso ho had been uned to, tliora'all his life, : '/ "What a picoo of ill- luck it was that Sir DaVid had -married a second time,, that Philip had' ever heon born, in fact, that he (Rigel) was not lord and master of Rodcliffo' Castle. How different lie would make tho place if it wore his. Ho pictured to himself tho wainscoting of the vast hall reflecting the ruddy glow from great log flros in winter time ; the clrawing- rooms stripped of thoir holland cover ings and brilliant with innumerable wax lights j tho ballroom crowded with gay dancors ; the dining table surrounded by beautiful women and distinguished mon ; and he tho master of all, ablo to direct thoir pleasures and follow hiB own by reason of his vast income. Alas, aU this was bnt a dream— a dangerous dream whioh had hotter, be banished from his mind. Rut so forcibly had it taken possession of him this morning that, without heeding where he went, he had wnndorod out of tho garden into the shrubberies and down into tho valley. As ho still mechanically took his way along a narrow path, a shrill sharp cry foil upon his ears, when turning to the right, from whero he be lieved it to have, come, he found himself closo by tho great jutting boulder which ho rightly inferred was tho Devil's" Head. As ho looked upwards he caught sight of a woman's figure, standing in what scorned a perilous position and waving something in her hand. In stantly ho recognised tho figure ns that of Oriana Claypole, and remained sta tionary in his wonder at seeing and hearing her call to him. Boforo ho oould move sho called to him again and then began to descond. This not only surprised, hut startled him ; for it seemed dangerous that she should, rush down on apparently track less declivity. Ho shouted and raised his hands by way of begging hor to go baok, hat if she hoard or saw, sho took no notico of him, hut continued her way, now running a fow stops us if' impellod forward, again pausing to grasp at shrubs, and making wido circuits as if following a path. Ho hurried forward and roached tho point of hor descent as breathless, flushed, and no longer ablo to control horsolf sho . rushed into hiB arms, where lie held her whilst her heart boat tumultuously against his own. Then she raised her eyes to his slowly. For a second.he was awnro that their pupils dilated with a senso of stiddon, uncontrolled joy, that ho was consoious his own reflected. Then swiftly ah expression of confusion and dismay spread over her faoo and he relaxed his hold. ; ' Pray forgive mo,' slio stammered, in evidont embarrassment. ' I thought it was Philip ; I did not realiso until this instant that it was you.' j Wo aro about the same hoight and build,' he answered, anxious to cover her confusion, ' and scon from a dis tance ' ' Yes, that was it ; I ought to have lookod, but I dared not take my oyes from the path,' Oriana said.. ' Was it not dangerous to run down the side of that prccipico ?' he asked, desjring to give tho conversation another topic. '.Not so much as it would seem. Thoro,. is a path that I know pretty woll. 1" havo .often run down tho Dovil's Head boforo now,' sho replied, laughingly. ' ' , Ry this time she had partially re covered her composure nnd was walking besido him with that graceful, gliding motion he had admired on sooing hor enter her drawing-room tho previous evening. Exercise had heightened her colour, giving an oxquisito rose tint to the! snowy fairness of her skin. Rich furs' woro round her throat, and on hor head was a cap of snhlo whioh sho wore with' as . muoh . dignity as if it wore a orown. Beneath it the deep rod of hor huir rippled baok to where it was wound .in a simple coil. . . ' .Tho Dovil's Head is a favourite spot ' of mino,' she said. 'On summer days I sit.thoro for hours.' ' Roading ?' 'Dreaming.' ' Of what ?.' Rigol inquired. Tho impossible,' replied Oriana. 'To you everything should bo pos sible,' he remarked, without a trace in his . voieo of that flippant flattery which tho Words might havo convoyed if spoken by another. ' Why do you say that ?' ' Eccauso, if I ' am not much mis taken, you havo a strong and persistent will ; and my belief is that Buch a will can invariably gain' its wish.' ' If that wore only- true,' she said, in a low eager voice that seomcd full of anxious wistfulnoss. ' A sorious thought is neyer -lost ; for good or evil it affeots oiirsolves ; it affects those around ua. Add" do- siro to it and you givo it vitality, just ns when a soul is added to a body it exists. And onco tliiB thought lives, it labours to fulfil its mission, to gain its onds.' ' If tbat were really so she said, as if absorbed in viewing "some imaginary picture. , ' ' What would happen in your case ?' he BBked. ' 'Strange things,' she ' answered gravolv. . . . 'I fool sure that no man over nehioved his position, , woalth; or : ambi tion, who did nqt ardently , and per sistently long for it ; boforo gaining his dosiro it dominated his life.' ' ' ' It ib a Btrango theory,' Baid Oriana. ' Rut dooB it not seem feasible ? ' . 'If it wero trite overy man would win his wish.' 'Not at nil." It ia not everyone who has suffloiont strongtli . of will, or suffi cient patience to porsist in his desire. Tho majority abandon their longings as usolcss, when not immediately gratified, .a thousand new wishes that in turn fall Btill-born avo_ allowed to usurp tho plaoo of one dominant longing. Some day mankind will realiso that thought may ho as powerful as action.? A sudden, indosorihahlo light oame, into Oriana's, oyes as, she turned thom to 'him . and jwkecl, , I | ' Havo you gained your desires ? ' For a second tho unexpected quostion startled him. , Not yet,' ho answered. And do you dream of obtaining thom?', 'Your cry roused mo from an old dream just now. Rut tell me,' Rigel Went on hurriedly, lost she might make further inquiries, ' why the Dovil's Head is a favourite place of yours ? Is it becauso of tho viow it gives of tho hills and valloys ?' : ' No, no. I hate them,' she answered promptly. ' Can you understand a por- son having a fooling of antagonism towards .inanimate things ? Well, I have come to dotost tho valleys because thoir peacefulncss is an eternal re- proaoh . to my own restlessness, and I loathe that chain of mountains because it shuts mo out from the world. Yet . it's something in the view that attracts me ; hut you Would novor guoss what it is'.' "' Then toll me, said Rigol, who was intensely interested in hor words. ' The sight of the roads.' ' The rends ?' ' Yes, thoy fascinate me. Hp there you can seo them for miles and miles as thoy wind through tho valleys and cross tho hills, stretching away towards cities where life is lived. I sit and watch them for hours ; I travel by thom in imagination, and they load, me by strnngo ways to tho surging world boyond, where thero is freedom for mind and heart, whoro tho fulness of life may ho lived. Her words wero uttered with increas ing rapidity, hor manner had become agitated. ' Want of experience leads you to overlook the fact that great cities aro contrcs of terrible miseries, that for many men and innumerable women within their walls life is a prolonged tragedy. Thousands who began thoir career in innocenco and with fair prospects arc now weighed down by intolorublo burdens of wrong, of crime, of shame, of sorrow, of romorso ; and to them the peace that frets you would seem as tho heavon thoy onco dreamt of, but now despair of entering.' ' Rut thoy havo lived thoir lives,' she said, passionately. ' They know.' ' And their knowledge is thoir hoaviest burdon.' Oriana sighed impatiently, whilst Rigol remained silent. Her words had saddened him, for ho recognised in tlio imagination, tho restlessness, and tho longing shu cxprossod, tho daugerouB temperament that makes a gonius or ruins a lifo. He had known two individuals cursed with suoh a spirit ; ono who lived in tho full sunshine of tho world's fnrao, tho othor who had died imponitont, roboUious, nnd for saken in a hospital ward ; misery was tho lot aliko of hor who was envied and of her who had beon despised. Ho assured himself it was woll that Oriana would soon have a husband's lovo and caro to guard hor, the strong hold of a home to seouro hor from a peril that was most dangerous because coming from within. ' "When you ore married you can in dulge your taste for travolling,' Rigel remarked, ' and see the wide world if you will.' ' Philip hateB travelling,' sho replied quickly. ' Ho dislikes cities, and thinkB there is no placo in tho world like this prison. Rut that is merely ono of many things on which wo differ.' '.You can influence him.' 1 1 doubt that ; for he has a stubborn will.' ' I am sure he will do all he oan to make you happy,' said Rigel, who became more and more anxious con cerning her future. ' So am I, for ho is kind aud good ; hut it may not ho in his power. Thore are somo people who with all their wil lingness to servo, cannot please ub. It is not thoir fault, nor ours ; it is the lack of that bond we spoke of last evening, that want of response to our inmost selves. And that makes all the difference in the world.' to be continued. 