A comfaiuson between an Australian and an Old Country Christmas has often been instituted. That they differ materially the most casual observer notices. Let us look for t moment to-day being Xraas day, the investigation will be seasonable—at the influences which create the differ ence alluded to. At the outset rcc are confronted by the matter of climate, wherein is discovered the Alpha and the Omega of the situation. In the British Isles, dreary December arrives amidst a host of miseries—cold, wet, snow and—chilblains The snow lies everywhere ; the, icy blast whistles dirges down tho chimney ; and outside, much discomfort prevails, among the poorer classes especially. In Terra Auatralis, the circumstances are altogether different. Here, during an ordinary December, tho solar beams strike fiercely. The heat is oppressive and the gentle waving of a fan par takes of the nature of exertion. The present season in its mildness may be regarded as quite out of the ordinary. On this climatic difference, then, hinges the whole question of the dissimilarity existing between the two Christmases. We may next consider the dissimilarity in its minor details. Associated with Christmas at Home ara the customs incidental to a cold season. In the festivities, the Yule log plays a prominent part, because, outside the house, icy winds shriek ; and'other things, if they d® not shriek, make themselves equally objectionable, each in its own particular line. Therefore, the warmth and cosiness of the hearth is courted. Hence arise indoor games, mistletoe accidents, ghost stories, and all the fiolics incidental to a family gathering in a snug parlor. In the Australias quite different scenes are being enacted, because entirely different weather prevails. Here in December the Yule log would amount to a fatality. Then the mistletoe ceremonies, though the average natire is not indisposed to observe them, must go by the board, because mistletoe, the genuine article, is not procurable. Similarly most of the ochar British gaieties must be sadly abandoned for the reason that an indoor Christmas, with its associate festivities, cfbes not harmonize with an Austral December. Therefore, we are forced to regretfully draw the conclusion that the Australian in departing from the Christmas observances (apart from the religious) of his ancestors, is only acting in obedience to Nature's dictates. On Xmas Day, the native wants to get outside and let the Southern aura play on his temples. He organises picnics and squats in shady spots by river-bank or sea-shore. The very thought of the Ynle would put him into a perspiration. Thus it is neither irreverency, nor indifference that leads him to eschew the festivities of the Motherland. Indeed he sometime'.; adheres to them where practicable, as, for instance, in his consumption of goose and plutn-duff. Certainly in one particular his declension is not easily explained. While his country affords such excellent opportunity for outdoor ceremonies, how is it he never undertakes carol-singing expeditions. In this respect, his backsliding is le?s excusable. Yet, when one comes to think of it, a doubt arises as to whether, even in the Homeland, carolling is as rife as represented. Is it not largely a chimera of the illustrated magazines —a capital Xmas subject for the artist. Certainly we do not hear so much of carolling in Scotland and Ireland. To sum up, and looking at the matter from all sides, cannot we justify the Australian's apparently cruel des»rfcion of the old oversea Xmas customs? Are we right in sighing over his declension. Were he charged with, and found guilty disregarding the religious import of the season, then perhaps our aighs might be justifiable. Into the question of his religious attitude we do not propose to enter. We can only say that we have never heard his religion impugned in any general expression of opinion from the clergy. As for his neglect of some of the social customs that linger round the British Christmas, we can only express ourselves disposed to defend him. In one regard, at any rate, he follows in the wake of his ancestors in the expressions ot good-will which attend the arrival of Christmas, he is just as sincere and hearty as his forbears were. Seasonable compliments and good wishes fill the. air to-day and they are uttered just as hearilty in Australia as elsewhere. "With that same heartiness do we speak, when wo wish our readers, one and all " A MEIU\Y CHRISTMAS." 