Sermon. Knowing Christ. By LxteKev. C. H. Spueqeon*. I count all things but loss for the excellency ot the kuowledao of Ohrisfc Jesus my Lord, for' whom I here suffered the loss ot all things, and do count them but dung, that I may win Christ, and be found in Him. not having mine i righteousness, wliicb is of the law. but that which is through the faith of Christ, the righteousness which is of God by filth.—Phil, iii. 7-9. In our text the apostle Paul repeats the word " couut" twice over. He was skilled in spiritual arithmetic, and very careful in his reckoning-. He cast up his accounts with caution, and observed with a diligent eye his losses and his gains. He seems to be in a mercantile frame of mind, adding and sub tracting, counting and balancing, with much quiet and decision of mind. I commend the toxt to business men; I invite them to follow the apostle's example — to use their best judgments upon eternal things, to sit down, ! take out their pen, and • figure as he did, and ! make out estimates and calculations as to ; themselves and Christ, their own works and | the righteousness of faith. I 1. Let us begin, then, brethren, by looking ; briefly at the apostle's calculations. The words here used by the apostle show us that he knew the Lord as Christ, or as the 3Iessiah, sent and anointed by the Father. I He understood the fulness, power, and ex | eeeding efficacy of the anointing of our Lord, ! which he had received above his fellows. He i saw Hira to be the woman's promised Seed, the. Coming One, the promised Light of Israel, the ordained Prince and Saviour of the sons of men, and he saw all His qualifications for this wonderful character. • He perceived His anointing as Prophet, Priest, and King. He delighted to see the Spirit of the Lord resting upon Hira, . and descending from Him to His people, as the sacred oil from the head of Aaron distilled to the skirts of his garments. He saw great excellonoy in the knowledge of the Lord's Anointed, whose garments smell of myrrh, and aloes, and cassia ; but this was not all, for he pr.iceeds to call Him Jesus. " Thou sbalt call Hia name Jesus ; for He shall save His people from their sins." Paul knew Him as the anointed Saviour—yea, as the actual Saviour who had saved him ; saved him from the madness of his blasphemy and persecution, saved him from all bis past guilt, saved him and made him to be an instrument of the salvation of others. He delights in the title of " Saviour," as we all do who know the savour of it. How sweetly musical is the name of Jesus! how fragrant is it, even as ointment poured forth! Excellent indeed is the knowledge of our 1 Lord in this character. How delicious is the apostle's next word, "My Lord;" not ■ merely the Lord, but "my Lord." His j knowledge was an appropriating knowledge, j He knew the Redeemer as anointed for him, i as saving him, as Lord over all for hira, and 1 now as Lord to him. The honey of the sen tence lies in that word "my." I do not kuowhow it seems to your hearts, but to mo it ; is one of the sweetest words that can possibly ! be used by mortal lips—"The knowledge of Christ my Lord." WhotherHc is your Lord or not, yet is He surely mine; whether He be accepted :ts Lord by the sons of men or not, yet is He joyfully owned as Lord to me | and Master of my spirit, sole Monarch of ray ! whole nature, " Christ Jesus my Lord." You | see, then, how truly, fully, practically, and | personally he.knew the Lord Jesus. "When we are raised from the death of our sin, and feel that we are so, then is our knowledge of the risen Christ excellent iudecd. When we feel a new life within us, .quickening us unto spiritual things, and know thut this springs from the resurrection of our Lord, and is wrought in us according to the mighty power j which raised Jesus Christ from the dead, then indeed can we rejoice in the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus our Lord. ; More than that Paul knew something of Christ, and was aiming to know more, by a growing likeness to Him. "That I may know Him, and the fellowship of His sufferings, being made conformable unto His death." He liad entered, in some measure, into his Muster's sufferings; ho had been persecuted and despised of men, and for much the same reason as his Master. He had, in a degree, felt Christ's motives, Christ's love for man, Christ's zeal for God, Christ's self- sacrifice, Christ's readiness to die on behalf of the truth. This is an excel lent knowledge indeed, and Paul might well esteem it as far more precious than all legal privileges. Ho spoke of it as super-eminent knowledge, for such is his meaning, upd he reckoned it to be beyond all price. Beloved, there is no knowledge in the world which can be compared with anch a knowledge of Christ Jeans as I have tried to describe just now, for it is a knowledge which concerns the highest conceivable object—-even the Son of God. To know the science of nature, to bo familiar with rocks, to read the stars, to comprehend all things else, is a comparative trifle when we consider what it is to know God in the person ; of the Lord Jesus. He in whom dwclleth all: tha fulness of tho Godhead bodilv is most worthy to be known, and angels and princi palities unite with all the saints in thinking se. One truth about Christ is more precious than the total of all other knowledge! This is a knowledge which no man hath except it , be given him of the Holy Spirit—and hence its excellence. "We may say to all who know ; Christ, "Fleab and blood oath not revealed this onto thee." Divinely taught must be be who has learned Christ. This science cannot be acquired in the schools, nor imparted by learned professors, nor even gathered by years of diligent research; to the heart re newed by the Holy Ghost, the Lord Jesus must be revealed by the Spirit Himself, for no man can say that Jesus Christ is Lord but by the Holy Ghost. That must needs be a superlative knowledge which requires in each case to be communicated by God Himself. This knowledge sanctifies, purifies, and delivers from the love of sin. It saves the soul—saves it from present sin' and from eternal woe. This knowledge elevates the motives, sweetens the feelings, and giTes nobility to the entire lifo; for the man who knows Christ lives after a loftier order of life than those who are ignorant of Him. This knowledge, indeed, beloved, is excellent, because it never can be lost; it is a know ledge which will continue to progress, even in eternity. Host of the subjects which mortals etudy here will be forgotten iu the world to come; tho profonndest of tbcm will bo too trifling to bo pursued amid angelic thrones. The honours of | classical and mathematical attainments ! will shine but dimly amidst the glories of heaven, but the knowledge of Christ Jesus will still bo priceless, and it will cause those who possess it to shine as the sun. He that knoweth Christ shall go on to sit at feet and still to learn, and as he learns he will tell to principalities and powers the manifold wisdom of God in the person of Jesus Christ. See ye, then, beloved, that the apostle, for the sake of the knowledge of Christ Jesus his Lord, 8till counted as loss all the things that he had once gloried iu. This was his calculation when he was writing. It was not merely the estimate of his younger days, but it was his present renewed and confirmed judgment. My friend, is it ours? : The great apostle gives us a third counting, i which may be regarded as his life estimate; ; not of tho past only, nor of the present merely, ! but of the past and present inclusively. Here it is: " For, whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and do count them but dung, that jl 'may win Christ and be found in Sim." : Here, beloved, you see that his estimate sets out with actual te3t and practical proof. He is sitting down, I suppose, in tho guard-room of the Pnctorium at Borne, where he was a prisoner ; tho chains are ou His wrists. Ho has nothing in all the world: ho has lost all his old friends, his relations disown him, liis country men abhor him, and even his Christian brethren often distress hira. No name .made the Jew gnash his teeth more maliciously than did the name of Saul of Tarsus, who was adjudged to he the vilest of renegades. Ho had lost caste, and lost all ground of glorying: he had no longer a righteousness of his own wherein to glory, but he is stripped of every rag of legal nope: Christ is his all. and he bos nothing else. He has no worldly property, he has no provision for his com monest needs, and most true are his words as : he writes, "For whom I have sutfered thelos> i of all things." Let os enter the prison and put to him u personal question. Paul, your faith has brought you to absolute penury and friend] essness. "What i* your estimate of it now : Theorv is one thing, but does practice bear it out ? Tho sea looks smooth^ but seafaring i< pleusanter to talk of than to practise. The embarking was a fine spectacle, but what think you of a sea voyage when the storm rages ? How now, Paul? *• Well," saith 'he, "I confess I have suffered the loss of all things." And do you regret it, Paul? "Regret it!" saith he, " regret tho loss of my Pharisaism, iny circumcision, my Israelitish dignity? Regret it! No," he says, " I am glad that all these are gone, for I count it a deliverance to be rid of them." The apostle says that in order to win Christ and to be found in Him he flung the whole cargo of lus beloved confidence. over, and was as glad to get rid of them as if they were only so much dung. This he did to win Christ, and that fact suggests another picture: Suppose au English warship of the olden' times is cruising the ocean,' and she spies a Spanish galleon in the distance, laden with gold from the Indies. Captaiu and men are determined to overtake ; and capture her, for they j have a relish for prize money: hut their I vessel sails heavily. "What then ? If she! will not move because of her load, they fling j into the sea everything they can lay their | hands on, knowing that if they can capture the Spanish vessel the booty will make amends for all they lose aud vastly more. Do you wonder at their eagerness to lo«e the little to gain the great ? Sailor, why cast over board those useful things ? " Oh," says he. : "they are nothing compared with that prize over yonder. If we can but i got side by side and board her, we will soon ruako up for all that we now throw into the sea." And so it is with the man who is in earnest to win Christ and to be found in Him. Overboard go circumcision aud Phari- . saism, and the blamelessness touching the j law* and all that, for he knows that he will find a better righteousness in Christ than any which ho foregoes ; yea, find everything in Christ which he now, for his Lord's sake, counts but as the slag of the furnace. 2\. Onr own calculations. First, do we* join in Paul's earliest estimate? At the outset of his spiritual life he saw all his own natural advantages and excellences, and he counted them loss for Christ. Every " true Christian here remembers the time when he also counted all wherein he had formerly trusted to be of no value whatever, and betook himself to Jesus. But perhaps I speak to some who have never done so. rou are at this time, my friend, still confident that on the whole you never did anybody any harm ; that your life has been amiable and upright; that you have been just, charitable, and kind : and that all this certainly qualifies you for heaven. Too count your natural virtues to be great gain9. X spoke but three days ago to an old peasant, more than eighty, and when he told me of his great age, I said, "I hope that when you die you will go to Heaven." "Ah, master," says he, "I never did any thing why I should go anywhere else." There are multitudes who believe that creed; they do not speak it out quite so plainly as the aged peasant did, but they mean it all th6 same. Ah, dear friends, you must be brought out of that delusion, and all these moral excellences and virtues must be loss to yoa that Christ's righteousness may be your only gain. May the Holy Spirit teach you this distasteful truth. I wish your heart would sing— No more, my God; I boast no more Of all the duties I have done; I quit the hopes I held before, •. To trust the merits of Thy Son." —Secondly. Beloved, if Christ be so tV you that all things else in comparison to Him arc dross and dung, do you want Him for your children ? Do you not desire Him for your friends ? Do you not wish, all your kinsfolk to have Him ? Whatever a man values for himself, he values for others. You want your boy to follow your trade if you believe it to be a very good one. You desire to see your children well placed in life; but what position in life can bo equal to being found in Christ ? and what winnings under heaven can be compared with winning Christ ? You may judge your own sincerity by the measure of your desire for the saltation of others ; and I earnestly entreat you be not backward to tell to others the excellency of the know ledge of Christ Jesus your Lord, and be not slow to impress upon them the abso lute necessity of being found in Him. Loathe the idea of having a righteousness of your own, but grasp with all your faith the righteousness of Jesus Christ. • I com mend to you Christians that you give your whole selves to Christ—that from this day forward ye serve him, spirit, soul, and body J for, after all, there is nothing worth living for, nothing worth even giving a single tear for if you lose it, nor worth a smile if you gain it, save only that which comes from Christ, nnd can be used for Christ, and is found in Christ. Christ is all iu all. May He be so to you i Amen. Every |seventh person in the United King dom is a Londoner. 