Stray Notes. Whil*- ilhu\ss in anybody and in any form must ho regretted one cannot hut j-mite to hear that the chairman of thf Lands Commission has funkod on the cnafch ride from Charlevilte to Longreach. If wtj mistake not Mr. Groom had a similar experience when ha last served on a eom mi^ion. However that is one of those # coincidences in life which, however painful, are not always unappreciated. What strikes us as more than passing Htrange is tltat while Mr. Groom was unable to do a comparatively light and short coach ride ''across country he was not prevented in doing hundreds and hundreds of miles by railway and a forty hours' sea journey on end ! Under the circumstances one is almost tempted to suggest that Mr. Groom got homesick, and desired to molify his heart cravings (we will not .say business callings ! ) by returning to Toowoomba. As a matter of fact the Land Commission right through has been one? junk of' undiluted humour—and jobbery. First of all wo find Mr, Bell kicking up his heels and refusing to go South for the reason that he did not consider the visit to Sydney necessary— and privately because he had '& ghosting engagement with Lammy ; then we find the remnant of the 'Commission .-galloping through the country which was .least inviting and. ignoring those best qualified to give evidence and desirious of giving it j an(3 now we have the painful spectacle of the-Gemmission minus its head travelling' across country while the said head flits away to visit his home and catch up at '?a point to reach which the very longest route must be travelled. If there was any thing to beat- this it would be the .excuse that this longest route is taken by Groom because he is ill ! 'We wonder whether there will be any docking of fees for non attendance ! No fear. A considerable aniou nt of dissatisfaction is being expressed at the success of the Blind, Deaf and Dumb Institute in securing con tracts for the su^ily- ef-^wagltwa^ — T4te- cliftculty^presentFriivftoaierTespecl^ aUeli-': -w.te question for_discussion, inasmuch as all must -sympathise with those unfortu mu-s who have been visited with one of the most dreaded afflictions imaginable. Their positionjs one which appeals to everyone. 1 hat is why Parliament each year has urged a more liberal subscription from State tunas than even the Government have tared to .make. .But. -w» -hold that -tins- - money ought to be utilised in making more wmrnrtable the poor afflicted ones and not in enabling those who control the institu tion to undersell tradesmen who are stni-dnur hard for a foothold. It is not as tioivjrh the institute grains any benefit bv thn undercut. One-might waive any ob — Hmjns-hu-had were it ^a — But' by-Tfier \--y-tt'in now followed, tlio.se who reap the advantage are the purchasers of the articles, the very persons who ought to be made to pay a fair price for the goods they obtain. We contend that in framing its prices for contracts the schedules should Iw compiled altogether without reference to the State .subsidy, which was never in tended to be doled out to those calling, ten ders in the form of excessively cheapened articles. If a brush, for instance, is worth 4s., those desiring to buy ought to pay that price whether it is made by the mutes or in a private workshop, and if they ^et it for 3s. {the. other Is, coming from the Govern ment grant) they are not only committing a breach of tirade equity, but they\ are rob bing those who are least able to help them selves because of their dire affiicttoiiv This preying on adversity is lamentable when practised by 'persons in their private capa city, but when public bodies like the cit\ and borough councils adopt the practice it is despicable in the extreme. We are. always willing that such institutions as .the Blind, Deaf and Dumb Asylum, shall have the most liberal treatment from the State, indeed, we would like to see them put en tirely outside the pale of want by entire. Btate maintenance. At the same time we cannot too strongly deprecate a system of State aid,\ apparently intended to help the helpless, but in reality being used as a means to limit tbe succour by the produc tion of articles for public bodies at a price that does not yield anything like a living wage, and one that does not represent the market value of the product. Last week we referred to the fact that the Northern military men had been in sulted by the selection -pf a Southern contingent of Mounted Infantry men to take^rjyuAhe_J!'4ubiJi^unW^from-«r few Southern corps. This week we thought we might be able to record another fact— that Lieutenant Tozer has been selected as one of the officers to accompany the men to England ! Lebt there should be some misapprehension as to the man we hasten Jfco remark that the Toscer referred to is not the Toxerised Tozer but his son, who has since declined, for business reasons, to go. It seems lo us necessary to make this explanation in order to show the narrow escape Nelson had in nearly being out witted in separating tho. two rivals (Tozer and Byrnes) by an expanse of sea and to emphasise the frequently made statement that if there are any good things going ** friends of the push' are never left out. Had the retirement not taken place we had thought to suggest that Lieutenant Tozer while at 'owe might watch the interests of his pater, and particularly in respect of Tommy's movements. By doing this he would have killed two birds with one stone—he would have served his Queen and country and ' the old man.' When, will the Government provide decent quarters for the police officers who are called upon to perform duties at the watehhouse? The quarters are little short of a disgrace. We are not sure but what certain deaths teould. ,be— traced to the Government's apathy in this matter. Certain it is that everyone who has had to occupy the hovels have either had to be buried or removed just in time to prevent burial. Atid these removals are made with the greatest regularity without any attempt being made to do away with the necessity. It seems to us that if these valued officers high up hi the Commissioner's opinion who now sjjend most of their time spying on subordinates and in raking up' paltry charges against them would exert them selves in improving the conditions of the minions of the law under them, it would redound more to their credit. The Police Court in Elizabeth-street is a veritable deathbed, and the authorities know it. 