c ftem6 of Sttteredi Archbishop Temple is the first teetotaler to sit on the throne of Canterbury. Two minutes ia the longest time that Queen Vic toria can stand en her feet. Lord Salisbury dislikes smoking arid never enters a smoking room if he can avoid it. The Prince of Wales on more than one occasion has had hia ' fortune told' privately. AliaB Florence Marryat, the writer, is to start ^a training school in England for novelists of both : Bexcs. j As the result of a combination on the part oE holders in London, the price of Australian mutton has been raised. Mme. Alodjeska hns GOO hives of Italian bees on her beautifui California ranch and sells a quantity of honey every autumn. News from the Philippine Islands states that the Spanish troops have stormed tho Btronghold of Silang, the rebel chief. 600 rebels wero killed; Some Japanese magicians are so clever that while smoking thay are able to form letters and short words with the smoke that issues from their lips. One gas company in London (the South Metro politan) collected .£70,000 in pennies in six months from penny-in-the-Blot meters — 1G, 800, 000 coppers. The total sura realised by the three principal Masonic charitable institutions of Eugiana during the year just closed amounted to between .200,000 | and -270,000. | Tho youosr King of Spain was recently reciting a goography lesson to his teacher, and described an inland us 'a body of land, almost entirely occupied by insurgents.' The Antwerp wool esles have closed. 720 bales of Australian were offered, but liardly half wero sold. Prices realised were about on a par with the last London rates. ^ The battle of the gauges, which has been finally decided in England, is being fought in Japan. Tho present, railway gauge is 3ft. Gin., but there is a sustained agitation in favour of a broader gauge. Lord OhbIow has sent out an illuminated address and a fine Union Jack, 20ft. by 12ft., to the Ngatiahuia tribe, after which tribe his eon born in New Zealand was named. Lady Onslow sent a large portrait of the child. The Esquimaux doctors fare worse as regards their remuneration than our own medical men. Each visit is paid for at tbe time, bnt, nnless the patient recovers, the whole of the fees paid have to be returned to the representatives of the do ceaped. Ouida, after the enforced sale of her beautiful furniture by the authorities of the United Italy which she so hates and reviles, has retired to a villa in the environs of Lucca, where she is concen trating all her bitterness against Italians in a three- volume novel. In response to an invitation from Eobert Louis Stevenson to visit him in Samoa, Canon Doyle asked tha great romancer how one got there. ' Oh,' said Stevenson, ' you go to America, cross the continent to San Francisco, and then it's the second turning to the left.' In a divorce action in Melbourne last week in which a woman was co-respondent, and in which the petitioner gained a divorce, an effort was made to obtain an order against the co-reBpondent for costs. The Judge ruled that there waa no authority for mulcting a woman in costs in such cases. A cowardly act is rennrfced from Tarnaeulla. Vic toria. A miner named Nicholas, while working in a drive, was hailed from the surface, and upon com ing out of the drive into the shaft a lump of! quartz was thrown down, which struck Nicholas on the head, fracturing the skull. A man has been arrested on suspicion. A fctartling discovery has been made at the Black Flag, W.A. A coloured man working for the nightsoil contractor about three weeks ago unearthed a kerosene tin containing the body of an infant.- Fearful of getting into trouble, he buried the body again, but he has just made the chsoovery known, and- the police are now investigating the matter.l An International Sanitary Conference was held at Venice laBt week. The representatives of France and Eussia urged the immediate ratification of tbe Paris Convention. The British delegates said that they wero confident that the precaution ary measures taken by England were sufficient to guard against the introduction of disease from abroad. There aro now in England a number of Japanese experts appointed by their Government to study the iron and steel making processes and plant of the leading European and American works. The Japan'ese Government has voted .£500,000 for the establishment of iron and steel works near Shimonoseki, which will when finished have an output of 100,000 tons a year. According to one of Messrs. Cassell's publica tions, Miss Braddon is a great reader, history being her favourite subject. She novy spends much more time in reading than in writing. Having resolved to publish a single book a year, the popular novelist works only in the morning for two or three hours. The afternoon is taken up in pay ing visits or in receiving visitors to her beautiful home at Richmond. The evenings she generally spends with her books. There is an amusing quaintness in the translatioa in the Chinese Herald of the occupations of N.S.W. candidates for the Federal Convention. Ashton, a journalist, figures as a ' Bo goon chne yun,' mean ing ' a superior man of a reporting office Speaker Abbott, solicitor, is described as ' Sue chong see,' meaning ' a little artisan in legal pro cesses,' while the Hon. Edmund Barton, being a barrister or ' big artisan in legal processes,' appeals to the pigtailed free aud independent as a 'diy chong see.' If Butler induced- his victims to dig their own gravea the law of retaliation is now having its turn for the smart American lawyers and showmen are making Butler earn the mouey to pay for a defence which will certainly be ineffectual. The 160 dollars realised for Butler's hat, boots, and belt do not make a largo sum, but if expended judiciously ifc will satisfy some of the legal fraternity. The idea of getting Butler to speak into a- phonograph is a weird one, and in the future although we are not likely to languish for tho touch of a. vanished hand we shall have the ghost of tho voice that is stilled. ... One who suffered from asthma has supplied the fo'lowing remedy a Lismore con temporary. It has been tried with good reBu'.t3 on tbe Eichmond Eiver, and he wishes that others may have the benefit likewise Tartar emetic four grains® acetate of morphia one grain, water four onces. Shake the bottle well. Take a dessert spoonful thres or four times a day. In case you feel sick with vomiting after the dose then reduce the dose, taking only halt the above quantity. Gradually increase the quantity until you can take the full dose. without sickness, and continue the treatments While UBing the remedy do not take any kind of spirits unless the patient is weak, and in that case then only a little port wine may be taken. The first aud most notable result of the excava i tions carried on by Prof. Hilprecht in Babylonia is said to be that the history of the Babylonian people, as recorded in cuneiform writing on tablet's is carried back at least 2250 years further than ib had yet been ktsown. In other wqrds, there is now abundant written evidence that the Babylonian people existed, and were civilisod enough to babble to write at least 7000 years before Christ. The professor, who in all matters of archeology is cautious, on being asked whether he could say that the written records did not go further back replied that,, in his judgment, they probably went back as far as 8000 years w-.c., but that in hia pub lished records he was unwilling to print any thing which could not bo amply borne out by evi dence. ' Woomera' writes Stories told to tho detri ment of pressmen are generally malicious and un truthful, but as there are people bo depraved that they can enjoy even that kind of story I submit one. Two pressmen entering a publichouse were asked to drink by a airanger who was present, and waa somewhat undor- the influence ot liquor and they accepted fche invitation. By- and-bv tbe question of payment came up, and each of tb®. pressmen in turn jerked his thumb towards th» stranger. He, when , appealed to, said he knew nothing about it, and had asked no one to drink1 oome, now, none of tbat,' roared the landlord. ' I've known these gentlemen a good many years and _ I'm quito sure thoy would never Jcall for drinks unless some one had offered to pay far them.' The stranger then paid tho money, and the pressmon were very much pleased at the man ner in which the landlord had vindicated their re putations, but when they , came to think ovar ii thay become somewhat dvbiow. 