LITERARY NOTES. The "Literary World" bears .testimony from the treatment its own columns have received to the thoroughness with which the Russian press censor does his work. In its issue of October 16 appeared a short re view of Turgenev's novel, "Virgin Soil." Tbe page containing it has been sent back to the "Literary World" by a subscriber in Russia with the offending notice blacked out. Mr. Manville Fenn wrote a short story about an imaginary dog which followed him home and refused to be driven away. He ended the tale with: "Well, here's the dog! Who'll have him?" For many weeks after the publication of the story he was receiv ing letters from writers willing to become possessed of the fictitious quadruped. An anecdote connected with Dizzy is told by the writer <pf an article on "Lady Jeune and Her Daughters" in -the December "Temple Magazine." The father of Made line, Col. Stahley of Aiderley, was a strong Tory, and a great admirer of Lord Beacons field. He taught her, -when asked, "Whom do you love best?" to answer "Dizzy." While visiting at Sir Stafford Northcote's tne Premier came in, and being very fond of children he played with Miss Madeline. l'01'dhng her, he asked, "Whom do you love "f) i»n(^ E'3e answ'cred all unknowingly, Testimony to the 'blessedness of tobacco is contained in the account-of a conversa tion between Mrs. Hamerton and R. L. ®'eYenson> printed in the memoir of Mr. Hamerton, just published. Mr. Stevenson, went to see the Hamcrtons in 1878, just after a severe illness. He smoked cigaretes incessantly. Mrs. Hamerton sug gested it was unwise to do so. "Oh, I don't know, he said: "aud yet I daresay it is. Put you see, Mrs. Hamerton. as there are only a very limited numberWsthings enjoy able to an individual in this World, these must be enjoyed to the utmost; and if I knew that smoking would kill me, still I would not give it up, for I shall surelv die ot something, very likely not so pleasant." It does not do for a judge to indulge in satire when summing up to a dull jury, as appears from an anecdote told in the Strand' about Lord Justice Bowen, one of the wittiest of Euglish judges. "A man was captured very late one night on the roof of a house, which had just been broken into. He was armed with a burglar's jemmy, and over his boots were drawn a pair of thick-ribbed stockings. He was tried for burglary; and, if I remember rightly, pleaded not guilty, putting forward as his defence that lie hadn't any felonious intent. Lord Justice Bowen told the jury that the tacts were uncontested, and that if they be lieved the prisoner's story, and reasonably thought that a man would draw stockings over his boot6, arm himself with a jemmy, break into a house and climb on to the roof, not for the purpose of committing felony, but merely in order to take the evening air, they would acquit the prisoner. The July failed to see through the delicate satire, and so acquitted him." Mr. Rudyard Kipling was asked whether he preferred writing poetry or prose. He replied that the pleasure of creating a poem was the highest intellectual delight he had ever experienced. Mr. Herbert Spencer plays billiards fairly veil. The following incident is related of him. lie was playing an opponent who hardly gave the philosopher a chance. Sir,' said Mr. Spencer, "a certain ability at games of skill is an indication of a well balanced inind; but adroitness such as you nave just displayed is, I must inform you, strong presumptive evidence of a mis-spent youth." 1 Theodore ITook, as Mr. Andrew Lang re cords in his life of Lock hart, drew many by his wit to the Atheiiamm Club dining room. "His favourite corner was called J emperance Corner. 'Many grave and dig nified persons being frequent guests, it would hardly have been seemly to be caiiiagr' foi repeated supplies of a certain descrip tion; but the waiters well understood what the oracle of the corner meant by "Another glass of toast and water," or "A little more lemonade. ' _ 'It is said that at the Athenaeum the number of dinners fell off by upwards of 300 per annum after Mr. Hook disappeared from his favourite corner, near the door .of the coffee-room.' " "Book Bits" is serving up anew some of the pranks of Theodore Hook, the prince of hoaxers. This one is taken from the biography of the elder Mathews:—"AsHook and the comedian were walking up Shooter's Hill, a clumsy, old-fashioned vehicle, containing a no less old-fashioned couple, and a fat coachman on the box, drove cautiously past them. Hook, leaving Ins companion, went up to the coachman and asked him most politely whether it was really his intention to enter London in that conveyance ?'' "Yes, sir, it is my inten tion, replied the astonished man, quite taken m by the grave and friendly manner of the stranger. After hesitating a moment in admirably-affected embarrassment, Hook asked if he was aware of the consequences. 1 lie coachman looked puzzled, and the old couple having overheard this ominous eol loquy conversed in seared whispers to gether. They seemed undecided whether to return or to continue their journey. Hook settled the question for them. "No no, lie exclaimed, "I can't possibly let vou go on! And seizing the reins, he "de liberately turned the horses' heads round and bade the coachman drive home—an order which was promptly obeyed." Mr. Herbert Spencer, with the third volume of "The Principles of Sociology," has completed the issue of "Synthetic Phil osophy." This he has regarded as the pur pose of his life. It is six-and thirty years since he began, and, looking back over that period, he is surprised at his audacity iu undertaking the task, and still more sur prised by its completion. Though, along with other deterrents, many relapses, now lasting for wqelcs, now for months, and once for years; often made me despair of reach ing the end, yet at length the end is readied." In earlier days some exultation would have resulted, writes Mr. Spencer, but, "as age creeps on toolings weaken," and now his chief pleasure is in his eman cipation. . Mr. Silencer's most read works are, prob ably, his reviews and pamphlets iu advo cacy of individualism, and in opposition to over legislation. The legislator, he points out, is ever trying to set things right by act of Parliament, and the history of each act of Parliament is the uprising of unfore seen circumstances, which defeat its pur pose. Then ensue amending nets to over come these circumstances, followed by the appearance of a fresh circumstance equally unforeseen. Of late years Mr. Spencer has been engaged in controversy _with Weissmann, the great German authority on evolution, over the ' question whether characters acquired by the parent are transmitted to the offspring, weissmann, hitherto, has had the best of the argument. His theory is that the life germ goes on from generation to generation, modified only by the blending which takes place when the two natures come together, which are called parents. The story of Jacob and the firstlings of the flock is responsible for a good deal of the unscientific belief current about the influence which some thing occurring to a parent may have in the offspring. The mother of Colonel Ingersoll, the American writer, who makes fun of the account given of the Flood, lays stress on the fact that she was reading Voltaire about the time baby Ingersoll was born. If Mrs. Ingersoll had a native taste for Voltaire, what more likely than that her son should have such taste too, no matter when she read the works of the great French wit? The "Athenaeum" announces that Sir Richard Burton's MSS., which were un published at the time of his widow's death, have been • entrusted by her sister and executrix, Mrs. Fitzgerald, to Mr. W. H. Wilkins, to edit and prepare for publica tion. They include a book on "Human Sacrifice Amongst the Sepliardim 01 Jews," "Ladislas Magyars, r Eastern Jews, volume of African travels, a "History of the Gypsies," "The Book of the Sword," and two additional volumes of Camoeus. < Burton was a laboursome writer—very j accurate, very full, and very dry. His ac-j count of his visit to Mecca, disguised as aj Mohammedan, is hard reading on account' of the pain6 he takes to introduce correct names, dates, &c.; He was a great linguist and fond of writing, but he had not the gift of being entertaining. Mr. Crackanthorpe, whose body has just been found in the Seine at Paris, after he had been missing 10 days from his hotel, seems to have been fond of sitting by a river's side. Here is a passage about the Thames Embankment at Chelsea, in his: "Vignettes: A Miniature Journal of Whim and Sentiment" (Lane):—"I have satj there, and seen the winter days finish their short-spanned lives, and all the globes of light, crimson, emerald, and pallid yellow' start, one by one, out of the russet fog that creeps up the river. But I like the place best on these hot summer nights, when tlie sky hangs thick with stifled colour, and the stars shine small and shyly. For then the pulse of the city is hushed, and the scales of the water flicker golden and oily under the watching regiment of lamps. Tlie bridge clasps its gaunt aims tight from bank to bank, and the shuffle of a retreating figure sounds loud and alone in the quiet. There, if you wait long enough, von may hear the long wail of the siren, that seems to tell of the anguish of London, till a train hurries to throttle its dying note, roaring and rushing, thundering and blazing through the night, tossing its white crest of smoke, charging across the bridge, into the dark country beyond." Tlie "Athenaeum," commenting on "Vignettes," says:—"Mr. Crackanthorpe has plainly taken Sterne as his model, and he could not have chosen a finer. But Sterne's self-eonsciousness was of a robuster quality, his picturesqueness more primitive, and his humour less obviously forced. Shall we perpetrate a bad joke, and say that Mr. Crackanthorpe Would be better worth reading if he were inade of Sterner stuff." Some time ago (reports the "Allien®um") Lord Amherst of Hackney came into pos , session of an MS. of theNewTcstaraentsup "Tposed to be in Scots. Dr. Murray, the editor of the "English Dictionary," has no doubt that it is a Scottish version of WycliFs translation. Its probable date is about 1530. The name of Sir Hew Camp bell of Lowdon appears at tbe bottom of f. 250b. There were two gentlemen of this name, one of whom died in 1508; the other lived between 1526 and 1561, and it is uncer tain to which of the two the name dis covered in the MS. refers; but the date of the version may, of course, be older than the date of the MS. From specimens of the version submitted to Dr. Murray, he con cludes that it may belong to 1500, or about that time. The MS. contains, besides the test of tbe New Testament, an introduction to each book, and a long prologue to the Epistle of St. Paul to tbe Romans. Ap pended are "Epistles of ye Auld Testament quliilk ar red in tbe Kirk apoue certan dayes of ye zeir," over forty in number. Lord Amherst has consented to the publi cation of the MS. by the Scottish Text NSociety, and it will be edited by the Rev. Pr. Walter Gregor. The only difference between ladies' letters ftt the beginning of the century and now is probably to be found in the spelling and the use of capital letters. "The Terning ham Letters" (1780-1843) contain this bit of gossip written by Lady Terningham when attending on Mrs. Fifczherbert, the morganatic wife of George IV., when Prince of Wales:—"Lady Berkeley was a Housemaid, but always a Virtuous Woman. Lord Berkeleys Fancy for Her was so Im perious that He resolved upon regular Ma trimony. ' After a time, Repenting of this measure, he prevailed on the Clergyman to tear itlie Lear out of the Register that wit jj£«}fed his being a married man, But then again Regret Game, as a Child had arrived I every year, so He married the said Maid again; and the fourth Sou was supposed i to be the inheritor of his title. But soon after, the Clergyman who had first .tied Him in Wedlock dyeing, He then declared the date of his previous Marriage and pro claimed that his first Born Son was Lord Dursley—He Could not Say this during the Clergyman's Life, as the tearing the Regis ter is Felony. So aU this made a sad work, but Lord Thurlow declared there is not a doubt but that the first marriage was Legal, and the Eldest Son is accordingly Stiled Lord Dursley. There are nine Sons, and two daughters." The dislike the Spaniards have for the Mahommedans is illustrated by Mr. Walter Harris in his "Batum to Bagdad" (Black wood). The steamer he travelled in called at Malaga. "Besides my man Mohammed tliere were several other Arab passengers | aboard, and the appearance of these, as they leant over the bulwarks, was the sig nal for a shout of derisive laughter, curses, and stone-throwing on the part of the crowd of ill-fed and ill-conditioned boys! who thronged the quay. Howls of filthy language greeted the appearance of the Moors, who, had they disembarked, would have run a great risk of being torn to pieces, so great i6 the antipathy of the Spaniards to their former conquerors, increased ten fold by the affairs of Mclilla last year. The captain appealed to the police, but the two representatives of this noble body were busily employed in stealing figs from the cargo, and paid little or no attention. Af fairs reached a climax when one of the Moors, who spoke Spanish, asked after the health of General Margallo, the general who had been billed before Meliila, and then the captain was obliged to order them below, though the ill-conditioned crowd hooted and jeered until at sunset the steamer left." "A gem of quiet raillery" has been dis covered by Mr. Andrew Lang, author of the "Life of-James Loekhart," in a review of poenw published by Tennyson in 1833. i In "the Palace of Art," writes Mr. Lang, Tennyson had this sufficiently paralysing; verse— j Isaiah with fierce Ezekid, Swart!) lloscs by the Coptic Sea; Plato, Pel.'Urea, I.ivy, aud Raphael, And eastern Confulzeo. i Lockliart makes the following strictures;— "We can hardly suspect the very original) mind of Mr. Tennyson to have harboured any recollection of the celebrated Doric idyll 'The Groves of Blarney,' but cer tainly there is a strong resemblance be tween Mr. Tennyson's list of pictures and the Blarney collection of statues— Statues growing thai noble place in, All heathen goddesses most rare; Homer, Plutarch, and Nebuchadnezzar, All standing naked in the open air, Mr. Andrew Lang has been visiting Glen : eoe, and describing it in bis notes "From ; a Scottish Workshop," as "one of the ; most beautiful valleys in the beautiful ■ West Higlilands. Macaulay gave the place : a bad name; 1 presume he saw it on a wet day. The Coe is as clear as the Itchen; the ! loch lies a sheet of silver washed with gold; | the inhabitants are an industrious popu j lace, great as Volunteers, full of old tradi Itions, and not too incredulous about.the ! second eight. They call wraiths spaiorid ! na'n biod, 'spirits of the living,' a class of i phantasms very powerful among the hTLs.. j In the loch is the isle of St. Mun, all paved j with gravestones, some marked only with j a two-handed sword, and some Celt:e pat terns. In the roofless chapel someone sat j once to brave a ghost; the ghost chased : him out, and I was shown the finger marks j of this robust spectre on either side of the doorway. There is a large standing stone 1 in a meadow beside the village. They say that the soldiers were sworn to tell no one about' the intended massacre; but one 6oldier, keeping his oath, said aloud to the stone;—'Stone, if I were you I would be out of the glen to-night.' And they say ' f bet mniiv took the hint." 