SQMI*'CHG3T*ST0RfES (From ‘'Success.”) . We have never seen a genuine ghost ourselves, so we cannot add any expe rience of our own to those sent in by our loaders. We remember, however, being once the recipient of a spectre visit. It was at a big house-party at New Year's time. We had retired to bed, filled with good cheer and, better resolutions, and were comfortably dropping off to sleep when the door opened quietly, and something in white glided softly towards us. We were very interested at the phenomenon, and our hair stood straight up on end. Unfor tunately, however, for the success of the spectre’s visit, he chanced to run his toe against the corner of a tin trunk with such force that he had to hop about the room on one foot and groan with pain. Then our hair lay down flat, and we chuckled softly to ourselves. The spectre somehow seemed to realise that he was a bit of a failure, and after glancing furtively from under his sheet at our recumbent form to see whether we were awake, he took advantage of a long-drawn snore on our part to beat a hasty retreat. A REAL LIVE GHOST. Yes, I have seen a ghost, a real live one. I was a Soldier, and on guard duty at Windsor Castle. Several young soldiers had been scared when on sentry at the midnight vigil inside the cloisters of St. George’s Chapel, and had quitted their posts; a most serious military crime, entailing exemplary punish Determined to elucidate the mystery, I secured the confidence of the sergeant, and was detailed to take over this parti cular post at the witching hour. In a secluded part of the cloisters (a most gloomy place, een in the daylight) was a door leading to the private apartments of one of the resident clerical officials. Taking up my station on the shady side of this door, X waited with bated breath, for the ghost to appear. Presently the door was stealthily opened, and a figure emerged entirely draped in white, and walked with ghostly strides towards the place where the sentry is usually posted. Quick as lightning I shut the door with a loud slam, and the ghost, giving a frantic scream, flew towards it, and throwing off the white tablecloth, dis closed the bewitching form and pretty features of Mary Ann, the housemaid of the said clerical official. It is needless to'add that “Mum” was the word, and since some years have elapsed no harm can be done by the re cital of how I laid the "Ghost of the Cloisters.” SPECTRE CARPENTER Fifteen years ago I was an apprentice on board a Liverpool ship. While lying in harbor on the coast of California, the carpenter, with whom I was very friendly, went ashore one evening and was not again heard of be fore we sailed. One night on the passage home, myself and a companion had put out the light, and were "turning in,” when I distinctly sow ithe form of the missing carpenter sitting on the edge of the bunk pre viously occupied by him. He was dressed in his usual clothes, but was pale and emaciated, and seem ed to wish to communicate some mes sage about his tools and clothes. My companion’s description tallied exactly with my own. When we reached Eng land we found that the body of the mis sing carpenter had been recovered from the harbor on the very day on which his ghost appeared to us. WEIRD. The night before Tamai, I lay awake trying in vain to sleep, when all at once I saw the forms of a private of the ‘•Black Watch” and an Arab struggling desperately in the middle of the tent. The figures made no sound whatever, and unable to move an eyelid I watched theni whirl round and round, fall, and then the Highlander stabbed the Arab with his bayonet. Then a third figure, also an Arab, rushed upon the High lander and felled him; the next instant a rifle rang out. and the Arab dropped. The vision, for such it undoubtedly was, vanished, and I sprang up. roused my comrades, told them what I had seen, but was scoffingly asked “wot I ’ad for supper.” Nevt day, in the thick of the fight, while charging with my sec tion, I saw in front of me the whole scene re-enacted in reality. I saw a young Highlander and Arab struggle, fall, the Highlander stab the "fuzzy," another Arab rush upon the Scotsman and fell him with a club; and then 1 fired at the third man and brought him down. I rushed forward, felt each form, and found all three were RETURNED. ' In my present berth I have occasion ally to remain at business after every one else has gone. One night I was working alone, and the time would be about 10 o'clock, when 1 heard a scratch ing noise behind me, and looking round I beheld a face glaring horribly at me from behind a glass partition. Thinking it was someone who had walked into the place, I jumped from my seat and ran to the partition, but I could not see a sign of anyone, so I resumed my work, concluding I was mistaken. No sooner had I done so than I heard the same noise again, and there at my very elbow was a figure. I tried to touch it, and as I did so it vanished. After this I was not long in getting out of the place. Next morning, after telling my em ployer of the affair, he said my descrip tion tallied exactly with that of a de ceased employe who had once held my A GRAVEYARD GHOST, ily experience of ghosts has not been ; very extensive. The only specimen J ever met was while cycling in Ireland^ nearly two years ago. I was obliged to put up one night at an untidy village inn, and while sitting in the—weU, out of courtesy I will call it the bar parlor enjoying the society of some quaint vil lage wits, an excited Hibernian burst in: upon us with the startling announce ment that he had nearly been frightened to death by a ghost in the churchyard, which was but a stone’s throw from the I ridiculed the idea, and volunteered to go and investigate, and invited some of the bolder spirits to accompany mc';: and so some half-dozen of us left the inn and proceeded in the semi-darkness to the ruinous lychgate. We entered . the lonely and neglected burial ground, and softly rounding a big yew-tree came' plump upon a weird, whittU figure, with long, wildly gesticulating arms, whose ghostly contortions sent a chill quiver ing down my spine. . With a yell my companions bolted in a. body, falling over one another in their • haste, while I called “out as boldly as i. could, "W—who are you?” and a muf fled voice replied, "Shure it’s only my self that’s after tryin’ on Father O’Con .nor’s shirt I. was takinVto the wash 1' I bedad. it’s an Illigant fit, but devil" a bit Hu I find the way out o’ ,£h6 'ord rag at all, at all.” HAUNTED CHAIR. - 3 have a mania for antiquities, and a few months ago I came across a curious old carved chair. It was broken, so I got it cheap, glued it, and placed it in my snuggery for a smoking chair. I did not use it much, for I-always felt tight and uncomfortable in it, and sleepy. I always sit up lade reading, -c with my dog Rex as ray, only’ com panion. ay' Rex hated that ol- chair, and wonid never lie on it. and would bark And , growl at it. One night I drew it up to the table, having some writing to do. I again noticed the pressing sensation, . . and felt very cold. I went to the fire. Rex was very restless, shivering and . moaning. The housekeeper came in, started, and then laughed, sayiiig “X must be half acleep, for I could have de eiared I saw a man sitting in that chair.” I sat reading for a long time, then rose and turned to the table. There, •. ' • sitting in the chair,was an old man, with the most fiendish face possible to pic ture. He was leaning over the table, his long arms passing over it. Rex began to. moan piteously. Then the thing turned and sprang on to my shoulders. I fell to the ground stunned. When I came to myself, Susan and her husband were leaning over me. My throat hurt me, and I found round it livid finger marks. The next day I ordered John to chop up the chair and bum it. In the seat we discovered a secret drawer con taining a pencil sketch of the fiend I had seen,and two small mummied hands holding a pencil. Was it revenge for the sketch? IN THE FLESH, t We had only that evening buried poor Jephson, who had died the pre vious night after a short illness. He and I had churnmed since his arrival in ndia two years before, and as we had been living together, it had been my painful duty, though I did not know and had never seen any of his people, to in form his parents in England and his brother, whose regiment was at another station in India, first of his illness and then of his death, The notice, however, had been too srot to permit his brother coming in time even for the funeral. Af ter dinner, as it was bright moonlight and very hot, I lay in an easy chair on the lawn at the back of the house medi tating, when my bearer came through the house and down the steps into the garden; be seemed to be greatly excited, and scarcely able to articulate, but poin ted to a "sahib” that had come to see me, and was, in fact, following the ser Raising my eyes. I saw in the bright moonlight my dead friend Jephson ad vancing towards me. t needed only me to tumble out of the side of the chair with a gasp, for the servant who had ushered this strange visitor to rush off with a shriek. Jephson came straight towards me, and when he held out his hand and spoke, I fell down in a dead When I recovered I found that my visitor was my dead friend Jephson’s twin- brother, who had come as quickly as he could on receipt of my telegram. The likeness was so great that it was no wonder my servant as well as I took my visitor for a ghost. HER FAREWELL. Ler.ore and I were twin-sisters, but there was no resemblance between us. She was our idol, and mother and I only lived for her. One Christmas she went for a short visit to an aunt’s. A fort night passed, and she was to return next day. We were both invalids, so could not meet her, but our vicar, an old friend, was to do so. We were seated, in the breakfast room, and listening- for the train whistle, when the door opened, and Lenore stood before us, but oh! so white and changed. With open arms I met her, but she waved me back and glided to mother’s side, then took a hand of each of us and pressed them to her Ups. Then she was gone. The same moment the vicar came in, white and trembling. There- had been a terrible accident to the train, .and our darling was amongst the killed: 