BREYITIES. The Castle Hill Ciickoi. Club udvertiso a con -oort for next Friday. ; Corroppon'li'iice m iho Auaus anent the Vego .'tation Discuses Hill him cuoimed a lively interest In the mnttor Ihrouiihnut tho district, A now rccident in ono of our rnml districts : ? ' Yes, I tiko ths Aiiors. J find it's a good ) .paper, nud then- 1^ i: (50'' deal 01 uue/ul infor mation in it for frui'growora.' Mr. J. S. Horon, one of our enterprising:, J np-lo-duto orch'irdiHts, has a book on ' Fruit 1 Oultu.ro ' in thu ptfiob. | Ho aUo hud u story -iccepted the othor day hy ' the ' Sydney Muil.' j Georgo UoborOion & Co., are bringing out 1 the book. I ? Mr. J. Murriy, (of Murray Bros.) says he ' Just missed u window -'long tbe roulo of trw ! jubilee precision in London «t £G Cs Souio ' . onoBOftppud.it up. j 8\. Wickh'im plnvnd the best game on tho ' N.8.W. side on Saturday neninit N. Z. I ? Hb kicked anu luoklvd heroically. Tba game whs npo'l. by the patchy work of the N.S.W., forward*, who rure'y packed in , . properly, and allowed the visitors to mow them I down like rdne-piriB iu their during, dashiug I juoliea. . I Galloway hud not the least proteclion from ? tho pack, who either opened out or allowed | themnelvou to he eoiowed anjhow As a tonsequoncfi, tho backs got no show. Wickhum nev'.r hud one pu68 near tho 25. N. Z. weri) altogether too fast, and they did some wondrrful kicking. j ' Tho booth qucbtion was again before tho j Castle Hill Association on Monday ovoning. Generally h more toleiaot spirit waB dis played, und there aeems leflB likelihood of tho trustees interfering with tho deBirea of u I ? ttujurity o£ tho Couuuil. j It would bo i« Iho interests of the Associa tion if the trustees allowed thn Coun'.-il to eettlo ' their own affairs without interfiling. I But it will to no use unless the minority take ! : their dofeut liko mun and still buckle in to ' work, even if their principles do suffer a severo j shock. Let the majority rulo is a good old l.no to go on. I Especially as tho minority to-day may bo tho majority tu- morrow. The Anaus huB always oppoaod tha publican's ' tooth; but is willing to give the othor sido a fair show. They Bay tho booth will bring lots of peoplo. Well, it is quite certain more patronage ia required. Wo only hopo their idotio may work out all right. Mr. W. B. Smith's letter in laBt week's Ahous ouustd a great hubbnb among tho Farramatta publicans Tho polioe, too, wiro moro vigilant than ? over. ' The crossing in tho Park at the rear of tho Industrial School has been as great 11 delusion and snare as over during recent rainy weathor. Time that eomo better folding if the nvtr was provided hen1. Some of tho stately pines on tho Back Domain ? are '? giving up tho ghost.' Looks nB though a stiriinjr ot the toil occnsionully in dry vteiuher wculd *avo some of them. G..rnot Oawood, of Gnmvillo North Public School, who recently pusned tho examination, hue been appointed to the Prospect Public School. Mr. Baineo is advertising bargains in fur IJlLUtUUHU **ai-:n. j Oentral Oumborlund cricketers will banquot ; Mr. W'llford next Thursday. Tenders requited for excavations at Murs- I ?field. I The Central Ouoibi.-iluiiil C.uu intend erect ing a griindetund at. 11 cost of £250. Mr. K. J. Bluok adv,-itites u new time-table for hi8.Gtirm-i;lord- Penn«nt Hills couches. Colonel Bell ltiuturoh ul. GrubVille on Monday ? evening. Wahroongah Nursery people made '' a ? corner ' in mnudarin trees by buying them up wholesale. Few could bo had in the district until Wuhioougah ' !ot yo ' ,,ud ieturiKd .Lo our plus to local nui-orj mon. Tbo ' corner ' tout Utts from £3 to £6 per 100. Cameron Brothers notify thut lktir.firnt- class tobaoo'os cun bv had fiom Mr. F. VV. JJJUWLJ, 1 'I IlllliilLlU. Mr. Mobbs will oiler by auction a neut orchard on tho Id ilyvilto EeMte. Diamond anniversary services of Wesleyan Muihodism in P .rramt.iui start to-moirow. FiobtB in l'arruuiiutu this week. A correspondent uttaclcn Mi. A. G. Taylor for his opinions of Mr. O'R 1 ly Aoorn Druids meet to uuiht 0 take pirt in ?tho proco6sion, Mr. Pulraor, thu i ?urr.-uu.ltii rate collector, bos been duly appoinJed und will now get to work. Tho rarrftTBttii Council, at a pptcinl meeting on Moudny, finally passed tho £1000 vote for 3G iici-fB of Imiii at fcorsh Rocks. Masor Moxlmra tuik'd m uttuiid, or tor.d an apology to, u public nii-cling: which ho cn:!od iu oonneoiion wMi thti liuiu-:ti for CimauuniuVcu. Mr. Cairuus, trenaun-r of tho Purruinuttu Benevolent Society, uikuowlcdgos tho receipt -of £50 from the solicitor o£ U10 Vi.ll.ck Estate, and Mr. Maraden acknowledges a airailur turn ? on behalf of tho Hospital. JSlr, A. K. Muraden announi:i-s tho arrival of now cricliotiug goods. Mr. D. Pye, lather of Mr. L. W. Pye, was in a oritieal couditior. na we went t.u pieda. Miss Taylor has received £805 ISs Gd for lioardod-out children, und £1S for destitute ?widows. Mr. J. H. Dimes got on lo a fruit huwkor in a Sydney house the other dav for giviug iu a cuso ?with tbo fruit. ' C.iso aud till -Id 11 dozen.' 'You've- no right to soil thut case,' pro tested Sir. D.ivits. 'You gut tlmt ii.mu from tho agont on thu understaiaiug thut it would bo ro:urned.' ' What'ii it to do with you ? ' tlio hiiwkor replied. Tho brand «-:ia ' i'. C. ' ovti- Colo. Mr. ' Jack ' Mur.y sayo Reid looked quito tiauicrtnt mim in i'1 ? uunoriu uuu i:ouiiua uut . iu the procession iu .. ndon. Silvoratreum Sohuuppa is usid in the lending ho.-.pitals.'' Hii-ycliB, now or second hnnd, cush or terms. ,ll[i-irs, sumirief, etc. A. O'Brien, Church stroet (near Lennox Bridgi), Pnrr'imattu.* Fre:l. W. brown into of Post und Telegraph Do nrtment) desires 10 notify his uinny ftiouda tint hu id ciirryiu;; on business as H'lirdroaser and TobuccouidC in tho shop latoly occupied by .McKoo Bros., oppotito Poat Office.* 