FORMAL BUSINESS IN PARLIAMENT* In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr. Murray gavo notice that he would on Friday next ask the Acting Chief Secretary what steps would be taken to assist the pastoralists in the tick-Infested districts. Sir Horace Tozer laid upon the table the report ou the Marine Defence Force and the eleventh report of the Registrar of PatentB and Trade Marks, : > RETURN OF THE PREMIER. ' , frews waa received by the Acting Pre- mier yesterday to the effect that Sir Hugh Nelson will leave Hobart on Friday next, and may be expected to reach Brisbane on Tuesday night. Our Bundaberg correspon- dent telegraphs under yesterday's date aa follows :-Sir Hugh Nelson has cabled from Hobart, stating that he will receive a deno- tation of migar manufacturers and growers on the 21st instant vlth reference lo ti*? question of arranging for the inclusion of bounty-fed suçais from the colonies. ENGLISH MAILS The Post and Telegraph Department ad- vises that English and other mails ox R.M S. Oruba aro due by train on Thursday night, and will be delivered by letter-carriers at S a.m. and at the General Post Office at 9 a.m. on Friday. The Post and Telegraph Department advises that mails for England, despatched from Brisbane on the 22nd August per R.M.S. Massllia, arrived at London on the night of the 2Gth September. GLADSTONE RAILWAY OPENING. Tho new section of the Gladstone Rail- way, which connects Gladstone with Bunda- berg, will be opened with some ceremony on Saturday. It is said that the town of Gladstone will be quite en fete on the occa- sion. It Is understood that his Excellency the Governor will attend, and the Hon. J. R. Dickson, Minister for Railways, will also be present. It is expected that a numerous and* influential party will travel to Glad- stone to witness the ceremony. For the con- venience of the Invited guests of the Glad- stone municipality a special train will leave the Central Station at 10 o'clock on Friday night, reaching Gladstone at noon on Saturday, and leaving there at 11.10 p.m., and arriving in Brisbane again at about 1 o'clock on Sunday afternoon. As the ac- commodation on the train will be Vory limited, it will be advisable for those who have accepted the municipal invitation to notify the fact to the General Traffic Man- ager, so that if possible accommodation may be provided for them. y STEAMER FOR THE NARROWS. Portion of the now stern-wheel steamer, ordered by the Government for use between Gladstone and Droadmount, having arrived by the steamer Gulf of Genoa, tenders have, been called for the construction of the ves- sel. Tenders have been received by the Raliway Department from Messrs. Beattie and Nash, the Bundaberg Foundry Com- pany, Evans, Anderson, Phelan, and Co., Smith, Faulkner, and Co., and Walkers Limited. The latter, who are the lowest tenderers, offer to do the work for £1297 within twelve weeks. THE COOLGARDIE FIRE. Our Perth correspondent telegraphs as follows :-Three or four of the persons who were believed to have perished in the recent fire at tho Denver Hotel at Coolgardie have been traced, leaving the identity of the romains foimd In the debris an even greater myatt ry. . REDJACKET SWAMP DRAIN. At yesterday's meeting of the Toowong Shire Council, tenders for the excavation and formation of Thomas and Howard streets and the drainage of the Redjaeket Swamp were opened, as follow :-For drain : Thomas Hiron, £1985, four months ; J. Hoelands, £2085 13s. 3d., six months ; G. H. Minhinnett, £1494, four months ; A. Borgeson and Co., £2202 7s. 6d., sixteen weeks ; H. Doggett, £1780, four months ; J. W. Young, £1789, twenty weeks ; A. Scott. £1666 17s., five months ; C. J. O'Connor, £1659 6s., five months ; G. A. Baumber, £2799, five months ; Tasker and Tompson, £2121, four months ; G. Mac- donald, £1988 15s. 6d., four months ; James Graham, £1562 1s., three months ; T. Rees, £1823 14s. 9d., three months. For forma- tion : A. Borgeson and Co., £797 10s., twelve weeks ; J. Hollands, 1s. 8d. per cubic yard ; T. Sells, 1s. 1½d. per cubic yard ; H. Dog- gett, £825, four months ; A. Scott, £600, five months ; E. J. O'Connor, £655, five months ; W. Bennett, £577, fifteen weeks; Mawby and Thursman, 1s. 11d. per cubic yard ; B. Macdonald, £890, three months ; D. Henry, 2s. 6d. per cubic yard ; Gaskie and Thompson, £990, four months ; T. Rees, £695, two months. All tenders for formation giving the bulk amount were informal. It was resolved to return the deposit on all informal tenders, and the further consideration of the tenders was referred to a special meeting to be held on the 19th instant, a deputation, consisting of Councillors Gregory, Jones, and Slemon, to wait upon the Home Secretary in the meantime and ask for the £750 granted by the Government. SOUTHPORT NOTES. Mr. Wragge might simplify his reporta by generally saying : Frequent showers may be expected at Southport and neigh- bouring districts. Such an abundance of grass has never been seen previously at this time of the year. Some gigantic jelly- fish have been cast up on the beach, one of which measured 2ît. 9in. in diameter. The spring tides are making fcad inroads into the foreshore at the south end of the town- ship. It seems very "absurd that money should be spent in planting trees, whose future growth is more or lees problemati- cal, at one end of the town, while the sea ¡s freely permitted to wash away those of Indigenous growth at the other end. These honeysuckle treeB have formed a plcapant shade for hundreds of children and their nurses in the past, and will be much missed in the future. . There appears to be a steady influx of visitors, but the esplanade stih presents a disgraceful state of neglect, in< lies deep of sand covering portion of the road. We are beginning to wonder whether a b¡eycli».ÍE a better steed for the post- boy than a horse would be. If the latter became dlfabled from any cause another could be immediately procured ; but in the case of mrehap to the bike, the letters are delayed dailj until some one becomes suffi- ciently energetic to repair It. Some fine fish have been taken on the pier during othe past week, Mr Erowne landing the recoid dawlish for the year ; it scaled 581b. A young lady also landed some good fish of the same k.nrt. Whiting have now taken the place of bream, and some nice baskets were shown on Saturday and Sunday. PROVINCIAL GRAND MASTERSHIP. An important change has taken place In the Irish constitution of Freemasons. Owing to pressure of judicial duties. Sir S. W. Griffith, C.J., Provincial Grand Master, has decided to resign that office, and his resignation will be forwarded to the Grand Master in Ireland, probably by next mall. A special meeting of the Provincial Grand Lodge was held at the Masonic Hall, Alice street, on Monday evening, for the purpose of nominating a successor. Sir S. W. Griffith presided. Two nominations were made, and on a ballot being taken Mr. G. S. Hutton, the present Deputy Piovincial Grand Master, received a large majority of votes. His name will accordingly be for- warded with Sir S. W. Griffith's resignation to the Grand Master of the constitution. Before the lodge closed, Sir S. W. Griffith congratulated Mr. Hutton on his nomina- tion, and formally took his leave of the brethren present. THE CITY TABERNACLE. The forty-second anniversary of the City Tabernacle was celebrated by a tea meet- ing, held in the schoolroom yesterday evening, and was largely attended. The table» were all cicely decorated, and ample provision waB made for the entertainment of those'present. Later in the evening a very large gathering assembled in the Bohoolroom, when a musical pro- gramme was rendered by the choir, and a number of addresses delivered. The sec- retary of the church (Mr. H. G. Cray) stated that the membership now totalled 343, about the Bame as last year ; but he explained that it would have been much larger but for the fact that a number of the members had formed a church at Taringa. The different .institutions of the church, he stated, were progressing satisfactorily. The Rev. W. Whale delivered an -address, during which he alluded to the debt on the church, which, he hoped to see wiped off by next year. Addresses were also delivered by the Rev. Dr. M'Swaine and the Rev. Hugh Jone«. During the ovonlng Mr. Whale presented to Mr. J. M'Kenzie a handsomely-bound Bible (Newbury'« edition), suitably in- scribed, and a purso of sovereigns. Mr. Whale explained that the presentation was on behalf ol a number of friends of tho vCity Tabernacle, who recognised tho warm interest Mr. M'Ken/le had always taken jn matters connected with the church, and particularly in the work of the Sunday school, the high standard attained by the scholars o£ which was mainly due to Mr. M'Kenzie. Mr. M'Kenzie was most heartily applauded, and responded very feelingly. Several antheniB were rendered by the choir during the evening, the most successful of which were "Come, Holy Ghost," " Oh, give thanks," and " In Jewry Is God known." COORPAROO COUNCIL-ELECTION OF PRESIDENT. A special meeting of the Coorparoo Shira Council was held last night for the pur- pose of electing a president in the room of Mr. J. V. Francis. All the members were present, with t'.ie exception of Mr. King. The clerk occupied tho chair. On. tile motion of Mr. Groom, seconded by Mr. Miller, it was resolved,-" That Mr. Samuel Winterbottom be the president for the re- mainder of the year. LOCAL AUTHORITIES' ASSOCIATION. At the Stephens Divisional Board meet- ing last night, Mr. Denham, the chairman, referred to disparaging remarks which had been made with reference to the Local Authorities' Association, and he thought there was some misconception as to tha usefulness of that Institution. As a mem- ber of the executive, he could give as- surance that they hid done some good work. They had been called together frequently, and when anything arose of importance 'to local authorities it received thsir very careful attention. With regard to the bill now before the House, several evenings were spent tod a number of aug* gestions were sent>I»to the Government. Personally, he differed very much from the members of the Sherwood Divisional Board as to the association being a hole-and corner institution. Great tiouble was taken In answering legal questions, and they had au accumulation of legal opinions that formed quite an encyclopedia. Any legal or other difficulty arising with ans local authority, after being considered, was passed on to the association's solicitor, and such opinion was priuted and sent to each subscribing local authority. He considered the work of the association was simply splendid. CANADA AND AUSTRALIA. Mr. T. Huddart, one of the directors of Huddart, Parker, and Co., was a passen- ger by the steamer Warrimoo, which arrived at Sydney on Sunday last from Vancouver. In the course of an interview Mr. Huddart, who had been on a trip through Canada, stated that business in the Dominion ap- peared to be more brisk than it was a few years ago. He spoke of the traffic on the Canadian Pacific route as increasing rapidly, and was convinced that increaset trade between America and Australia wai springing up. " The ti ade in canned fish especially, was one which promised to deve- lop rapidly.. Referring to the Klondyk« rush, Mr. Huddart stated that whole cltiei had caught the gold fever, and the excite- ment was tremendous. " If anyone want» to go to Klondyke," Mr. Huddart said,, " tha time to go Is about January or February. This will give people a chance to get through the passes in spring. It is no use trying thom in winter. From what I gathered I believe that the reports as to the finds of gold have not been exaggerated at all " / DISEASED DAIRY CATTLE. At the monthly meeting of the Windsor Shire Council yesterday, a letter was re- ceived from the Chief Inspector of Stock, in reply, stating that local authorities had full power under section 21 of the Dlseasea in Stoc/c Act of 18Dß to destroy, any dis- eased cattle' found on the roads. With re- spect to a cow of which a complaint had been made, Mr. Gordon wrote :-" I am In- formed that the sore from which she ia suffering is ali ordinary brand cancer, and we are advised by Mr. Pound that these brand sores are not of a cancerous nature, nor are they Infectious in any way." The chairman complained of the expense they were put to in burying cattle that were allowed to starve to death. ' He thought there were a great number of tuberculous as well as cancerous cows straying in the shire, and it was the intention of the coun- cil to do whatever waB possible to get at the owners. With regard to a com- plaint of a cow now straying on the road, suspected to be suffering from cancer, it was resolved to get the opinion of a veter- inary surgeon. Messis. Falls, Farrant, and Ambler, who are to engage in mission work In China, under the auspices of the China .Inland Mission, and Mr. Henry Barnett, associated with " The Brethren," left Sydney by the Airlie on Saturday last. The committee of the Lady Musgrave Lodge met yesterday, when Mrs. Clark pre- sided, and theie were also present-Mes- dames O-shiy, J. H. Smith, Reading, Poole, Goldsmith, Hislop, , M 'Master, Hertzberg, Lewis, and Miss Griffith. The matron re- ported that ibu number of residents in the lodge Uad been eighteen, seven having enterad and sever. Mi Attention is directed to the announce- ment of the Grammar School annual sports, which will bo held at the Exhibition Grounds next Friday afternoon. A good programme of events has been prepared, and a large number of entries been re- ceived. The Headquarters String Band has been engaged for the afternoon, and the sports ,have been arranged to start at 3 p'clock, in order to admit of the presence, during the greater part of the programme, of the parents and friends of the boys. " With Bat and Ball," twenty-five years$ .of cricket, by George Giffen.-" Sportsman," enlarged issue, to-day.* The second performance of " The Irish Detective" was received with demonstrative favour pt the Opeta House last evening. The piece went smoothly- throughout, and Mr. Grattan Riggs's clever character sketches were a most interesting feature of the production. On Saturday evening " Shin Fane" will be staged. The proprietors of the " Queensland Sportsr^yi" announce the publication In sei'ial form of the work entitled " With Bat and Ball," by Mr. G. Giffen, the cele- brated cricketer. " With Bat and Ball."-" Sportsman," to- day.* The Biograph Vaudeville will give two performances to-day, the first commencing at 3 o'clock, when special advantages are offered for the attendance of children. The Jubilee pictures are still being shown, but five new ones are to be added to-day namely, Pussy's Bath, President M'KInley, U.S.A. Ship Massachusetts, Union Square, New York, and U.S. Army. Watch Carew, Gardner, and Billlngton's front page notices, changing daily. Giving away goods. Don't miss.* The first of a series of concerts by Miss Amy Sherwin, Mr. Barton-M'Guckln, Mr. Arthur Deane, and other members of their company, will be given on Monday evening next. The programme appearing in another column gives promise of a moat enjoyable entertainment. " With Bat and Ball."-" Sportsman," to- day.* Attention is directed by advertisement in another column to certain lands in the parishes of Telemon, Samford, Bribie, and Mooloolah, which are to be thrown open to selection In Brisbane at 11 a-m. on Monday, 1st November. Christmas Cards.-Packets containing carefully selected Christmas and New Year'8 Cards at Finney, Isles, and Co.'b. Twelve cards for Gd., .18 cards for 9d.; postage oa either of the&e; to any part of Queensland, 2d. extra ; 24 cards for Is., postage 3d.; S6 cards for lb. 6d., postage 4d. Excellent value».* , - 