THE FIGURE IN THE SNOW By UANIEL.IL. CONNOR. It Is not with any intention of adding to the already over-long catalogue of so- called "Ghost Stories," still less attempt ing to Illustrate or to refute some new psychological theory, that the singular experience which I am about to describe Is here set forth. My sole object Is to clear myself of an altogether unfounded suspicion, rumors of which have, begun, after a lapse of many months, to reach my ears, by giving to the world the de tails of what Is, perhaps, the most ex traordinary episode In the whole course of legal history. The once famous "Willoughby Case." celebrated as being one of the most pro tracted .CJiajicory stilts on record, and Us sudden and dramatic termination consequent upon the discovery, by one of the counsel engaged, of certain missing documents of title, mum still be fresh In the public memory; and the references which I shall have to make to that ease, changing only the names of such per sons and places us might be pushed, by their Introduction, Into an unwelcome notoriety, will, therefore, be of the slightest nature consistent with the evo lution of rny story. Suffice It to say that I, Frederick Marsden. was the young barrister who round the missing documents, concealed In my own chambers, that the claimant. Altss Willoughby. whose success depen ded upon the discovery of the deeds, has since become my wife, and that the vague unreasonable suspicion of some fruud on my part In connection with the affair has determined me to muko known what I would have greatly pre ferred to keep secret, the singular, tho utmost Incredible circumstances under which I mode the discovery. It was In the autumn of 18 that. being on the look-out for residential chambers, I found a set vacant ut No. T, Trafford's Inn, near Holborn, The rooms Appeared likely to suit me, and I ac cordingly took them, and entered upon my tenancy with the New Year. 1 had hitherto lived In lodgings: but Intety 1 had begun to build up a very satlsfac- . tory little practice, and T thought that my Increasing Income would Justify an establishment of my own. Trafford's Inn consists of a small, storm-paved square, nnd upon this square my rooms, or rather my sitting-room, looked upon the commanding altitude of the third floor. The place was quiet; almost too quiet, the silence al night being ' positively oppressive. AH the bulhllngH were very old, the rooms. low- pitched and nak-punellcd, the floors sagged, the ceilings bulging down wards. My chambers had no striking peculiarity, except, perhaps, the fact, that they had been vacant for a good many years, and that there was, in con sequence, a somewhat musty atmos phere In the gaunt hare rooms .and lit the great cupboards and capacious chests with which the place abounded. This, however, wus soon got rid of by such simple expedients ns open win dows nnd n little fresh paint; nnd, when T hud had the place properly furnished, with pictures, choirs, and tables, all old- fashioned and' upprofjrlule, it lucked, at least In the eyes of Us new possessor, very comfortable Indeed. Once fairly settled, I had quite enodgh work to occupy my time. My practice, as I have said, was a growlng one ; and, among other cases, I wus retained in one of the many minor suits arising nut of the famous dispute which had been pending for years, about the title to the Willoughby estates. The case was now supposed to be nearlng Its close, which— It seemed al most certain— would prove 'unfavorable to the claimant, a young girl Just nut of her minority. The case rested, en tirely upon certain title deeds which had been abstracted .nccording to the argument put forward on her hcluitf. by a ' solicitor's clerk, suborned by the opposing side. This had occurred ninny years ago. But the suit had still dragged its way nlmig, and, no trace having been dis covered cither nf tho clerk or of the missing documents, the whole story had conic to he rognnloil as a fabrication. Hn much so, Indeed, Hint the prosecu tion of Miss Willoughby was regarded ns being likely to follow an adverse de cision. Work In connection with this and my other briefs kept me pretty busy during the day; nnd niy evenings I usually spent at my club, returning to chambers almost Invariably— for 1 ant a very methodical man — at. the stroke nf twelve, and going straight' to bed. I mentioned this becnuso the'oln- ment of time is an Important fnctor In the ensuing part of my story.' r Tt wilt he remembered that there wore several heavy falls of snow during the spring of 18—, In the streets outside Ihft snow lay on the ground for weeks; but our small square was swept after every fall, and no snoiv was allowed to remain there, except what fell between dusk and an early hour In the morning! This, also, It Is Important to hear In mind.' One night In Fobrunry there occurred the first of the mysterious events which have led me to the writing nf this narrative. T had entered the Inn, as usual, a few minutes before inldnlght. arid had crossed the square, which was lightly carpeted with annw, noticing, as T did so, that mine were the firs! foot prints to disturb Its unbroken surface. The night was then perfectly clear nnd fine. I climbed my three pairs of stairs, ind, on entering my sitting-room, walked across the window and looked out. My eye was at once caught by a dark object lying In the snow, Imme diately beneath me, and a more careful examination showed that It was the figure of a inan. Now, I rnubl have sworn that, 'two minutes before, there hod I >0011 nothing there; and. In addition to that fact, there was this extraordi nary elrcumstanre, enough. In Itself, to Impress me with a queer uncanny sensation. In spite nf the height from which T was looking, I rould distinctly see every feature nf the man's face; nnd never has It been my lot to witness a more horrible, expression of mingled terror, pain, and mnllgmint triumph. The eyes ' were wide and staring, nnd caught 4a A. steely blue glare from tbe light -of the moon. Tho head was twisted back ward and half round from the body, which lay on Us side, with one arm bent in underneath II. And thefe.wero dark splashes upon the snow, where th<j body ' must have struck the stones. All this I took In ut a glance, nnd, as T have siihl, with a quite unnatural oliytrncsR of vision. Then I turned and rail downstairs at the top of my speed, with the Intention of rendering assist- npC'C.'lf that were not yet <00 late. But \- iit thfa foot of thestalrcase I started back In sudden amazement. There was noth- " Ing there I Over the whole quadrangle the snow toy spotless nnd unbroken ; 1 save for the single track o'f my own foot- , prlntM leading diagonally across the square froth the porter's lodge J Perplexed and troubled. 1 slowly rc- asccndcd the stairs, pausing on each landing to look down again and assure myself that, this time, 1 was not mis taken. And. on re-entering my own room, I could not resist the temptation to throw one last glance out Into the square. The figure was there still I The white distorted face, with Its glassy eyes; the twisted body: the sploshes of blood durk against their pure white background ! It was still all there ! Again Ldarlcd out on the landing, and again my eyes met only the unbroken surface of tho snow. Hack once more into my room, to find once more the same ghastly spectacle faring me when I looked down. 1 threw up the window, thinking that the whole thing might he mi illusion produced by some flaw in the glass. But still It was there. ' Finally. In despair of solving the mystery, and thinking that I must be the victim of some strange hallucina tion, I closed the window, drew down my blinds -to. shut out the horror, and went to -bed. Daylight, when T looked out next morning, showed me only the dark, clean-swept Hags with which the quad rangle was paved. A thaw had set in, uud the whole scene was so changed that I could not associate It In my mind with my experience of the night before. So that, by the time I had breakfasted and smoked a pipe, T hud pretty well persuaded myself that f must have dreamed It all, and deter mined to keep my own counsel. To tell the truth, I was Just a little ashamed to talk about what I hud seen, being a professed disbeliever in tho super- nuturul, and ufruld of the ridicule which I knew would follow any departure from my often expressed convictions. There wus no more snow, and no further up- poantnee of the spectral figure for several weeks after this ; and In .the- press' of business,-, the whole affair, passed almost entirely out of my recol lection. ' But T was not to forget It so easily. Home five or six weeks later, as I was walking home from the club ut my regular hour, the flrot' big Hakes of u. heavy snowstorm brought It all back to me. And by the time 1 reached Traf ford's inn, the ground waa covered to the depth of several Inches. Breath? lessly I hurried across the square and up to my rooms, knowing Instinctively what 1 was going to see, yet hoping against hope that 1 might be mistaken. But Iirnd guessed only too well. There lny the outstrecJied figure, Just-os before, save that, there being no monn,. the. eyes wore Invisible. But i now observed this strange phenomenon. On the last oc casion, there had been no -snow falling. Now; the air was dense with flnkes. But, while every prominent object, the bran ches of a small tree, the handle of a pump In the centre of the square, the lid of n covered sink hard by, bore Its soft cushion of whlte. the body 011 the ground remained untouched by the falling llnkes and stlU' showed through Ihuin— a solid, black muss. . This' time I hesitated no longer. Hurry ing back to the lodge, I roused the por- ter— an old soldier, who had held tho post for many years— and bade him follow inc. I made him stop on each' landing, iiH I had done, uml, pointing to the spot, asked him whether, he saw anything. In the snow. . . "Why, no, sir. Nothing," was his rather. puzzled unswei'. . Ami I noticed 'thv.t he looked -hard and somewhat cu- rlously at me.. When, however, we were Inside my room, nnd I once more put the question to him.; : . . " Now,, porter, can you see nnythlng there? Or. am I dreaming?", his man ner suddenly changed. -A light seemed to brenk upon him, and, bending eagerly out from the window, he took u long look, rubbed his eyes, and then looked ugriln. . .At last he.turned'and faced me, with the words : "No, sir. There Is nothing there; not n»:l enn see." Bui his face was ns white ns a sheet; Ids lips were trembling, and 1 knew that llio man lied. He, too, saw. whujt I hud seen! > Further,. lie knew what I dlfl not know— something of the apparition's hid den meaning. . Whnt this might be. however, he was either afraid or unwilling to tell tne, and to my Invltatlqn tliJt lie ' would take something. to drink, he answered -that ho dared not leave his post aL the lodge for longer than was nhsolutely necessary. So I gave up tho Idea of trying to get any Information from hint, and bade him ."Good night." Next day I laid the whole story before my friend Jrick Brliint. a bnrrlster slight ly my senior.. In standing, and n greater .sceptic, If.thaL were possible, thv.ri my self In. ail mutters relating to the super natural. , As I expected, he was at first utterly Incredulous. "Nonsense, my dear fellow!" was hh comriuipt when I had finished. " You must hr.ve'been rending too hard, and. got your eyes u bit out of order. And, ns' for old Martin"— Martin was the porter r-"gcttlrig In a funk and shivering, .1 don't wonder, when you make hlm stand looking out- of the window nt 12 o'clock Kt'nlght'.ln a blinding snow- storiii. I'll believe you when you can show 111c your ghost, and not till then." . ' 't ' Come tip ta-nlghl'," I said, "If It snows again between tills and then,. and I will show you my gnosi, us you can it.-: ."Bight you nre,". ho replied. "Noth ing I should llke better. And we'll see If we can't knock the bottom out of this cock .and bull stor>vbf yours. . At twelve, you ' say,-' tills gentleman Is on.vlcw.'.. "Twelve;" I answered, "I shall ex pect you at twelve/" There was snow on the ground again tlirit evening when I irittde my way home, taking care to arrive about n quarter be fore midnight, so as not to keep Brliint wnlllng. I whs also anxious, If the truth must he told, to see for myself whether or not I should lutvo nnythlng to show hlm. There wns a small entrance hall or passage between tho "Oak" and tho door of my sitting- room, arid coming from this pnssagc/whlch was pitch ilark. Into the comparative light of the larger room, T saw, to my astonishment, that someone had got lu during my 'Absence. Heated nt a small table before, the firo was the figure of a man, busily occupied In writing. Every now nnd then h would raise his head nnd glance round at thu door, us though he expected to sea someone. But. as his eyes met mine, there was no recognition In thein.. Ha would stare straight at me for a .mo riient, rind'tlien turn and begin fov'erlsh- ly to write again. A faint shaft of light from tin? window on the opposite side of the square fell on his face, and T could recognise, with that abnormal clearness of vision which 1 had before remarked, the face that hud stared up at ine, ma lignant and distorted with agony, from Its snow-bed in the square below. Now, however, it bore un expression of eager anxiety, a terrified hunted look which wns almost piteous to wllness. For what seemed an age, though, of course, il could only have been a few minutes, I stood watching him In Uie doorway, fascinated, chained to the spot. Hhect after sheet of paper he covered and tossed aside, and, at Inst, Just as a neighboring clock lirguu to chime the first quarter of twclv, ho Hushed his pen down, sprang to his feet, and bundled all the papers together, looked fearfully over his shoulder towards the door. Then he lifted up the window seat, which nppeared to form the lid of a large box or ottoman, and kneeling In front of It. seemed to be stowing the papers away ut the bottom of tt. This took some little time, nnd. when he sti.od upright Again, the action of stooping so low had shaken his long greyish hair down over his forehud, imparting to the thin face, with Its deep-set eyes and prominent checklKines n wild, haggard look, the look of u muu In some fearful extremity, drawn, agonised, despairing. He faced me now, uud was coming towards the door. Involuntarily I shrank a pace or two backward. But on the threshold he stopped suddenly, craning forward, nnd seeming to listen Intently, as though his ear hud caught some sound on the stairs outside. For n moment he stood wltli one 'ln;ml pressed to his forehead, then turned and rushed across to the window. Opening it, he looked out, but drew back shuddering. There, were steps on the staircase now; Brlant hud arrived. And then tho end came. .Springing first on to the window-seat nnd from that out on the sill, the man drew himself to his full height, stood bal anced for one second, and, with a final concentrated look of terror nnd hatred, shot downwards Into the dark. And, us he felt,, the last leisurely stroke of mid night boomed out on the still night air. Culling to Brlant to w:dt a minute, T crnstied to the window and looked out. There lny the black, prostrate figure, Just as 1 hud always seen It. My next step was to open the window-seat and bundle out ull.the contents of the box, a miscellaneous collection of odds and ends nnd empty bottles. Of course, therqwere no pnpers. underneath them; but at one end pf. the bottom t found a smalt hole. Into which I was able to put my finger, and so raise tbe board. Between the floor /unit the bottom of the chest wns a space of about' three inches, contain ing several folded 'parchments arid some loose, sheets of paper, , all stained, mil- dewed, and smothered in dust. Ah 1 lifted put the first of Die sheets r. name in -the endorsement caught my eye— the name of Willoughby! . . "1 say. old inan, hurry up, for goodness sake! Im freezing," came a voice from outside. It. was Brlant. whom' I had for gotten, so absorbed was I In the ex-.unln- ntlbn of the. chest. 1 now made haste to admit, him, snying as 1 opened the door, » ; "Jack. I lielleve I've found the missing Willoughby deeds." He was obviously disappointed. "Ob," lie saldj : "And what about the ghost! . I don't expect to he put off with anything less than -the real authentic ghost, after turning out at thin unseemly hour. 7m purpose to meet him. Jt wouldii't be fair, you know." ' .'Th'/'ghast' is there," J said. . "It was through the 'ghost that J discovered those things." And I pointed, first to the window, and then to ; the heap ot papers on iny table. . "Where?" asked Brian!, peering out., "There's nothing down there. What a fool you nre, Fred." \- I jollied hlm ut the window, and looked out also. The figure had vanished! "Now, what have you got to say for yourself ?" Jack went on, almost 'angrily, "You'rei'satlsfied nt last, I hope." . ? But when I told him what 1 had seen that night, and showed hirn the very ma norial result-. of my "vision," his tone changed, and he admitted that "there did seem something queer about It." . . "Mind you," lie said,-"! don't believe! arid I. never slmll believe, that there ever was any- ghost In the -business.".-'' "Hut- if there , wasn't," ' 1 argued, "What could have made me thiiik of looking hi thut box. Why, I never-even knew that there waa a box; under that seat..,; .How 'do. you. explain ItV'V Jack- pondered, , "Hiing .lt all man!" he said fit last. "One. can't explain everything/'. ; '.Then we. fit theilro and our pipes, und settled down, to nn examination of the papers.'-' The. folded parchments were! as I had guessed,, the long, missing title kdeeds .of the .Willoughby property. The loose.' sheets'. contained a long, rambling statement, almost Illegible In places, and breaking off into a thin, wavering line, where tho-wrlter 'had been Interrupted, made; by. the clerk who hud abstracted tho papers. /-'Jits' 'tuusoii for the theft wns, apparently, hln resentriienLnf iiri'un- Just dismissal, and' lie had lied, when pursued, to - the-chnnibcrs occupied by his master, who was then .'absent/' from Our perusal of the papers , lasted far Into the night; and early next morning i called on' Miss Wlllpughhy'H solicitors' and .handed ovev'the (Toeumuuts to thein. How, 'at tliulr oillcc, I mot Edith .Wil loughby, how our -acquaintance ripened Into friendship, nnd our friendship Into love— these r.re matters 'which' have ' no connection ; . with Jn'y. present 'story.' Enough that 1,-ns well ns my wife, owe, a" heavy. debt of gratitude to. the Truf-. foi-d's Inn ghost, who has brought us something worth more, 11s Edith puts it, tlmn all the estates In'the world. As for my spectral; visitor. -he- never appeared again,' Ills mission was ap parently accomplished ns soon as lie hud pointed out the htdlng place of the. deeds. 1 questioned the porter again, telling him Ihat the mystery wns salved/whereupon ho 'admitted thut he did remember the clerk's sulcldo one snowy night long ago, but knew nothing, of Its cause or Us bearing on the Willoughby. cuse, - - . Arid for. the. rest— hut ' no. I would rather not enter.- upon ihut. As Jack Brlant 8:i.vs, one. can t explain cvery- thlng.— '"Gonis." . ' ' . 