BUCKLEY, THE WILD WHITE MAN. The Story of William Buckley, the Runaway Convict, who lived thirty-two years among the Blacks. CHAPTER IV—Continued. BUCKLEY'S CRUSOE LIFE. BY W. T. PYKE. Alone—Sees signs of the natives—Retreats to the shore—Discovered by the natives— They take him away—Alone once more— Terrors of solitary life—Resolves to give himself up—Perils and privations—Takes spear from native grave—Lies down to die. At length he came to a large lake at a spot where ducks, black swans, and other wild fowl in great numbers swam, dived and hovered about its surface. In their very live condition they were a very tantalizing eye-sore to the hungry, helpless, and hopeless wanderer. He noticed that a stream of considerable size ran out of the lake, and believing that it emptied itself into the ocean on the shores of which he would surely come across some creatures of a catchable kind, such as lobsters, mussels, and other shell fish, he dragged his weary way along the river's bank and ultimately arrived at the beach, near to the place from which he had seen the seals gliding off the slippery rocks. Somewhat cheered at recognizing the spot after the perplexities of his struggle through the bush mazes, he made another endeavor to reach the native huts. This time his efforts were successful, and lying down in one of them he indulged himself in a long, and much needed, refreshing sleep. On waking he went out and picked handsful of berries of the kind the natives had left him, and these sus- tained him for several days. His next movements took him back to his 'Sea- beach Home,' where he again settled down for a long period. Winter came again, and the weather grew so inclement that the bleak beach became a miserable dwelling place. As the cold increased, his chief food, shell-fish, became more and more difficult to find, and he began to think he had eaten out the neighborhood. His clothes, too, after their long and rough services were worn to shreds, and afforded him hardly any warmth. The accumulating weight of these hardships was too much for the animal spirits of Buckley. His long sojourn in the bush by himself at last told terribly upon him, and completely cowed his stubborn nature. He longed for a change. Anything would be better than his present position. He therefore determined like the prodigal son in the parable, to arise and go unto his legal keepers, and once more endure the thraldom of the convict settlement. With this intention he set off, bitterly regretting that he had not done so many months ago when his more sensible companions had made up their minds to return. One evening when worn out with many days' trudging on the sands he found himself hemmed in by the inflowing tide against an almost perpen- dicular rise of rock. To escape a watery grave he clambered into a large cavern just above high water mark, and was about to seek repose there for the night when several seals or seal- eliphants came splashing, snorting, sprawling, in at the opening of his retreat. Being a close prisoner till the sea should go down he was horrified at their arrival. Fear caused him to spring up and utter a wild yell, and in so doing he struck terror into the slimy invading monsters. Scrambling one over the other they tumbled back again into their native element, leaving Buckley an easy victor, and sole possessor of their rocky lair. They did not again disturb him during the night, and when the tide receded next morning he resumed his return journey. He made but little progress. His strength was failing fast, and he could keep up for only very short stages. After several days he got back to the river in which his first fire-stick had been extinguished, and on its banks he dragged himself into a thick scrub. Here he constructed a rude shelter to protect himself in a measure from the icy coldness which severely affected him, and then he went to sleep. Waking early in the morning his eyes lighted on a mound of earth with part of a native's spear stuck upright on top of it. He was in want of a strong staff to support his enfeebled body, and, therefore, feeling no compunctions in desecrating the grave, if indeed he knew at the time that it was a grave, he appropriated the spear. This spear subsequently proved a veritable staff of life to him, as we shall see later on. Next day he nearly lost his life in crossing the river, which was running with a swift and flooded current. He was carried some way down stream, but, by good fortune, an eddy or cross current drew him near enough to the oppose bank to enable him to clutch an overhanging branch, and with its assistance he struggled out. After these great exertions, so exhausted was he, that it was with the utmost difficulty he managed to crawl on his hands and knees to the shelter of a few bushes, where, bitterly cold and miserable, he lay down and passed a most wretched night. He felt that his last hours had now surely come. The dismal dingoes' horrible howls in the surrounding darkness, awakened anew in his breast the old superstition common all over England, that a dog's howling always forbodes death; and he felt that it could be none other than he who would now be the victim of the grim and gaunt messenger of eternity. But when morning broke, the instinct of self-preservation asserted itself and he determined to postpone for a day at least the feast which the dogs seemed to presage they would have on his carcase. He hobbled about from tree to tree picking gum bit by bit, and eating it as he went. However, the exertion soon became too much for him, and he was presently forced to abandon his search for food and sink to the ground at the foot of a large Eucalyptus. In blank despair he lay there, he knew not how long, awaiting death to end his sufferings. With his spear clutched convulsively in one hand, he at length swooned away. CHAPTER V. ADOPTED BY THE BLACKS Saved from death—Jump up, white-fellow— Personal appearance of his new friends— Their eccentric behaviour—The black en- campment—A tribal jollification—Primi- tive anglers—'Possum hunting—Claimed as a relative—Presented with native Garments. ALTHOUGH hope was gone, help was close at hand. While he was thus lying there the sharp eyes of two dusky daughters of the forest perceived him, and, with the truly universal curiosity of their sex, approached closer to get a better view. It is not surprising that they were greatly astonished, if not alarmed, when the closer inspection revealed to their gaze a man different from any they had ever beheld. To convey to their husbands the intelligence that they had discovered a monstrous man with white features and limbs did not take them long, and very soon those worthies returned with their better, and uglier, halves to the spot where the object of their discovery lay prostrate. With a caution quite natural, although there were four to one, they surrounded him. Then, seeing that he was utterly helpless and bearing the marks of long privation, they summoned up sufficient courage to touch him. This aroused Buckley from his stupor, and he struggled into a sitting posture with the help of the spear, which he had all this time been clutched by him as a dying man clutches a straw. As he gazed in a dazed sort of a way at them, he looked like one just arisen from the dead. And this idea seems to have taken hold of the minds of his black discoverers, for these simple-minded children of nature, on seeing the familiar spear in his hand, thought they recognised in Buckley the re-embodied ghost of a departed warrior belonging to a neighbouring and friendly tribe, at whose burial they had only lately assisted. According to aboriginal theology, the spirit of the late lamented man ought to be still hovering around. It was also an article of popular belief that the blackfellow after death jumped up whitefellow, and here, truly, was a case in confirmation. They laid hold of the worn-out Buckley by the arms, and, after greeting him with friendly thumps on the chest, managed to set him on his feet. Then the women got one on each sine and helped him along, while the men marched on ahead shouting, making hideous noises and wildly tearing their hair, and behaving in a very extraordinary, not to say extravagant, manner generally. Whether these gesticulations and outcries denoted joy or sorrow, Buckley does not say. They proceeded thus for a short distance and came to a couple of mia-mias where the women obtained a bowl or calabash, a rough sort of basin made by the natives out of the knotty excrescence of a tree by the aid of fire and a flint stone, and into it put gum and water which they mixed into a pulp and offered to the almost expiring Buckley, who devoured the mixture eagerly. Next they gave him some large fat grubs, which the women procured at the roots of trees and underneath decayed logs. These grubs completed his meal, and such was his famishing condition at the time that he thought them delicious, and a luxury equal to the sweetest marrow he had ever tasted. The meal ended, Buckley felt greatly revived, although still very weak. Notwithstanding the hospitality shown to him, he had no confidence in a continuance of the good offices of his black benefactors, and would have left them had he been able. He did not like their looks. Certainly they were not beauties. More forboding countenances could scarcely be imagined. The handle of the face, as that expressive organ the nose is frequently called, was flat, with widely distended nostrils, and had through its septum, as an effort at ornamentation a short stick or reed, which certainly did not add to their attractiveness in Buckley's eyes. Their mouths were large and cavernous with hanging heavy thick lips; below these a large underjaw denoted great strength, very necessary for the tearing asunder and mastication of the coarse food they had to subsist on, their teeth performing many offices which civilized people delegate to knives and forks. Remarkably quick eyes sunken afar back and overhung by bushy brows bespoke a watchful and suspicious, if not a treacherous nature. Retreating foreheads and high cheekbones completed the delineation of their features. Surmounting all was a luxuriant growth of jet black hair on the head of both men and women, and rather longer on the latter. Both men had thick shaggy beards, and on shoulders and chest the hair also grew strong and thick. Each had a band made of bark fibres wound round the head either for ornament or to keep the hair within bounds. Their faces might be described as speaking faces, every mood was reflected in them as in a mirror, in repose they bore a very sullen not to say morose, aspect, but when interested in anything this completely vanished, and in its place a most animated and bright expression revealed to the onlooker that the blacks had within them considerable vivacity and nerve. They could not boast of extravagance as regards dress. The women's attire was bunches of feathers tied with a bark cord at the waist and hanging around the loins in form of a skirt somewhat shorter than that of a stage fairy; while the men were content with wearing strips of furred skin depending about 12 inches before and behind from a skin belt. Both sexes had slim limbs and walked pigeon-toed, but with a graceful and an active step. The bodies, it might also be mentioned, were plentifully bedaubed with the fat of some animal; this probably served a utilitarian as well an ornamental purpose for the greasy coating must in a measure have warded off the inclemen- cies of the weather from their otherwise almost bare skins. During the night Buckley was continually disturbed by the moans of the women, who seemed to him to be lamenting deeply over something that had happened. Next morning he ob- served that their faces and limbs were frightfully lacerated. Their natural ugliness had been largely augumented by the wounds from which blood was flowing freely. It was a frightfully sickening sight to him, and made him still more eager to quit such undesirable company. If, thought he, they could thus inflict such pain or torture upon themselves without any apparent reason, what might they not do to him should they choose to consider him as enemy. Early next day the men by signs told Buckley they were going a journey in which he must accompany them. The start was soon afterwards made, the men in front with Buckley in the middle between them, the women, carrying the baggage, following at a little distance. The blacks were all watchful that their captive should not escape them and marched along in silence until a river (now called the Barwon) was reached. After a while they forded the river and on the other side of it entered on a marshy plain, where Buckley to his great dismay detected the forms of numbers of natives moving about among the scrub. On seeing him and his captors, whom they evidently expected, fully one hundred natives emerged and steered towards them. Presently Buckley, quivering from head to foot with anxiety for his future safety was closely regarded by their enquiring and interested looks, while his rescuers told with a great deal of volubility the story of their wonderful discovery. This introduction to the tribe was a trying ordeal to the runaway convict but at length his fears were in a measure allayed when he noticed that no bloodthirsty passions seemed to be awakened in their black breasts by the recital. He was soon conducted to the native encampment. This was on a rising ground and consisted of a number of bark and bough rude dwellings built in similar manner to those already described in which he had previously lodged. Besides these there were other shelters in the camp which gave no protection at all on top, they were merely boughs and bark heaped up to a yard or so in height to form a screen or shelter of a semicircular form, and might properly be described as 'break winds,' for they were nothing more. Before each of these primitive structures was a little fire, notwithstanding that the day was rather warm, for the aborgines were partial to heat, and also never neglected to keep the domestic cinders in readiness for a chance broil. (To be continued.) The world is full of advertising ; yet every one wants to see what is new. All who advertise do not become rich but precious few get rich without it. A prominent advertisement once or twice will be effective, if followed up by a steady card giving business and address. 