From Various Sources- Dr. F;'• £. Gladstone has been telling an amusing examination story to the Boyal College of Organists. Theexaminer evidently had in his mind the time it takes for sound to travel, and be asked : " When a regiment is marching with the band playing, do tbe soldiers' legs all move at the- same time f" And a candidate, without a smile on his face, quietly replied: " The soldiers' legs obviously cannot all move together, because the left legs move at one time and the right at another." * •••* The new Bishop of London has a keen sense of humor. During a confirmation tour in the diocese of Peterborough, Dr. Crelghton pUt up one evening iii an old'manor house, and Slept in a room supposed to he haunted. "Next morning, at breakfast; the Bishop was asked whether he had seen the ghost. «• Yes,'"' he replied, with great solemnity, " but I have laid the spirit; it will never'troubteypu again." On being further interrogated to what he hud' done, the' Bishop 'said : " The ghost instantly vanished when I asked for a subscription towards the restoration of Peterborough Cathedral." What is the proper Amount to'give in hotel tips? 0The Paris edition of the New York HeraiAlaBA been goinfc exhaustively into the whole subject of lips, and among other things has addressed a circiite letter of inquiry to hotel proprietors on the whole question. According to one<Jf these high authorities,* a'single traveller, after a week's' stay in a hotel, should. give not less than 7f. in tips, dietributed'as follows:—Waiter, 3.50f.; chamber maid, 1.50f.; boots. If;, and porter, If. ; A married couple should give lOf. in all, instead of 7f. A German hotelkee^er gives about the same figures,in marks instead of francs. Tbe hotelkeepers are all in favor of the tipping' syBtem. It iB a convenient form of indirect taxation. If it .'were abolished the bill would have to be increased. « •• • •» The correspondence column of Nature is a regular repository of contentious manner, of r and of phenomenal records from different parts of the world. Under the latter category falls "the strange case of an X rays operator," who states that aft'sr-.;-being- engaged for some months in detriojfetiating" i tfc6 Rontgen apparatus he has lost most of his finger, nails and the skin of one hand three times. Besides this, he has suffered 'from severe eruptions and discomfort, including a- 1 painful swelling and discharge from the tips of the fingers. The only remedy he has found effective is to cover - the bands' per - petually with lanoline, bis theory being-the X rays, which are practically a concentrated form of actime light, burn up tbe patural oil of the skin. The Elietroteohmisohe Jlitn tchau also contains an account of an X-ray operator whose hands have peeled, and who is threatened besides with premature baldness. This physiological effect of the rays, which is now pretty well confirmed, opens up some interesting possibilities as to its future use. in cases of cutaneous disorders, for a thing which harms may generally be em- " " as well to heal. ' What is held to be the largest collection ever obtained for missionary purposes by an appeal from the pulpit' is the contribution, made at a recent Sunday afternoon mseting held in New York nnder the ftuspioesof the ChHsiian . and . Missionary Alliance!' This 1 was a au'm approachiog. if it did not actually,reach, the totalof, £25,000. Among these contributions, ' was a single :gift, £10,000, by a well-kntrtWi milhoiiaire. This, is, however, 'only a small part of his annual donations to the missi6w»y cause. One rather peculiar phase of, the .offering-of the alliance takes the form of .Wfktcfyes. Men give their watches, and on tl)fcjoca$sion probably more than 20 were received. In return the authorities of the n^ssjon. present the donors with an- iron wa,tch.bearing the ipBOtiption, "Gold for ironi, for Jesus 1 sake." By far the largest portion of the money is spent directly on the work of the mission, not more than 2 per cent, being deducted from .the contributions for, th6 executive petition of the Work, as most of the men haVe means of their own and do not draw salaries. a in •,» . „ » ."•:- tOn the nights of ,18th and 14th November, says an ISn^ish contemporary, writing in anticipation on 6th November, the sky will be farrowed feynumerous shoptpig stars. Next the shower will be: more noticeable, : and it will attain its maximpm^n November, 1^99. BveryS? years weenooanfcer the satneswarm of meteors in its elongated orbit round the biu." .Wbe tasttime - ftapppaphed the earth •was toA966, and , will not have jjew^^ioB tUl 1899. feat it |s disseinipa^ Atongtijg orbit over a vastextent ofhtuidwd^ offlJllions of mileg, p ^ ^ J ^ stars ilast .ipany yeats. Thp observaHons made at Greenwich the last appeatanoe of 'ivp vuniuii);ww wuuwi imiu UUM- ^i^it to 1 rtologk.2082; from 1 .o'clock to $ ^lOck, 4860;?aiid : "from '2 oVilplpk - tbl % ^ SlataihaitOtt ' th^| WIWJI ileantic^mhlAg^ eoSmfc 'difct/ taasfcinsptteofibs tmmen&ittrrb; ihfeib^ Ithas no Ught-of ite'^tuuf ^not^^ ^nough'to reB6ctaolar light; 4$mlhed»btin& stars'pn the introductton, intoemr'atmosphere;' Did our 'atjtipijjhbre^ 'jiift, we^nonld not be aware "of thi^r' 'SPhfes^ cosroicoorpn8cleeaie'%a?f ratmd&tM; 100 ' kflomdtris''- above - |ieute . aven|ere),"becau8e !tJiey come tons^vlth fyntitmousS6wd (80,607,000 per ^nd), ahdtheirnibtibn,'8iaoketied hythe^sistaaob' 'ofthe ait,«ten-ttirbngh'Very' J «Jt®odJ trans-? formB thean'into latninoua warmth, times ih^flhooting istar ifl «ntta£yoonkihtt&- duiiii^jtBpassage; ijpmetUttlas'M^oMfattriW 5 its ibfUible • abntse ^ter leftVihjg'" onr ahle eUsBeB,'Wfaich ntiay he pwJcmed at tW AppthecaHes* Uedioal Hril, Pfertfrand J'remantle. Sight tested by latest eoientific methodi.—TASWT.J 