A MJ R AGLE IN SYDNEY. CASE INVESTIGATED RY A SCORE OF PEOPLE. AND VOUCHED FOR BY A PROMINENT .MEMBER OF PARLIA MENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, LONG CON SIDERED INCURABLE BY THE FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE WORLD, HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR WILLIAMS’ PINK PILLS, (From t,ho Australian Workman.) On Thursday afternoon our represen tative made hiswsy to the humble | home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year-old baby, and his face declared him to bo one of the happiest men in Sydney,. He was up and about- and able to answer the knock at the door. Althongb pale and bearing the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary qnestions ho said: “You want to know all about- my case? Well, I am glad o? an opportunity to tell you. The facts may he of value to those stricken ns I was." “ How long Were you suffering “ Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I to leavo off work ami I have done uothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath iri Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years' of gradual ^development of the malady, I was forced to give up *my billet- at Glehe Island.” “ What, were the symptoms ?” “ Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were *just about, as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyono else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.” “ Did you make use of the- order ?" “No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attend ing me, and did all be could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxia, n disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get tho use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infall ible). Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing a cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in tho Australian Work man, by Dr Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertise ment of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was a3 marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I imme mediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don’t want them. All I want is this stick, and I hopa soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." “ He is a 100 per cent, better,” said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " Tho Pink Pills have saved his life and made another man of him.” A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. “ I can now,” continued Jarvis, “ have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work ns a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at tho change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being . about again has caused quite a sensation out Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People, They cure locomotor ataxy, pnrtial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, snch as anmmia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labor party in the New South Wales Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the re markable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which ho de veloped. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bedridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood that Jarvis was re fused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pro nounced incnrable. Mr M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr Williams’s Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr Williams’s Medicine Co., Queen’s Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order, 1 box for 2s 9d, or i dozen for Ids 9d. 