A SYDNIEY YIIA(:ELh'. INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. THE INTIItESTINO CASE or MR THOMAS JARVIS, WHOSAYS THAT A FEW WEEKS AGO HE WAS ORHIPPLED-PARTIALLY PARALYZED, SUFFERING FROM LOCO MOTOIt ATAXIA, AND HELPLESS. DouLons, HOSPITAL AUTHORITIES, AND EVERY ONE SAID HE MUST DIE AS lIS CASE WAS DHOPELESS. BUT THEY WERE MISTAKEN. TO-DAY HE IS A NEW M1AN FULL OF LIFE AND ENERGY, HIS URUTCHES HE HAS THROWN AWAY, HIS DEAD LIMBS HAVE LIFE,'HIS APPE TITE HAS RETURNED, AND. IN FACT, RE HAS A NEW LEASE OF LIFE OUT AND OUT. ,So much interest has beenu shown by our readers in thiS muarvellous case that we have published the facts again as they appeared in the " Australian Workman' a few weeks ago: One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lene, Ultimo. He was dis covered nursing a two-year- old baby, and his face declared hint to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions, he :aid : " You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an oppor tunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." H" ow were you auffering ? SWell, twelve months ago I got no bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done "nothing since then." About five mn.ths ago next Christmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the.malady I was forced to give up myv billet at theGlebe Island." "What were the symptoms 7" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. Theywere forall the wori. like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and overy. one else. I was incessantly shivering aud shaking, anddculd neither eat or sleep. On the 23rd March last saw a well- known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the. Direc:or oi Charitable Institutions." " Did you mike use of the order I" " No : I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in tact, 1 could not get out of ned I felt then it was all over with ma. "nd only a questiou of days whle I would give up the ghost. 31y doctor wasattending me, and did all lie could, by opium and morphia pills to ease the agony I was in. I was under hlim for five or six weeks. He camne to the conclusion that I was suffering from loenmutor ataxis, or progressive locomotor asray, a disease of the spinal cord, characteria?d by peculiar disturbances of gait and sdificulty il co ordinating voluntary mvecmente. He told me that I might last tfr ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then thle patient kicked his legs about.,with energy t,. show that medical opinion is not infailible.) Well, just as a drowniag man will grasp at a straw; L grasped at asi idea conveyed by the adventienient describing the cure affected in the case of another boiler maker in England. which 1 read in the I" Australian Workman," by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the eadvertisement of a case which teemed to fi. my own. I determined to. gave tile Pink Pills a trial anyway, inn sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. 'I was able to eat and sleep as.honugh n--thing was the matter with nme. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. .I was incredible. I iimmdediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and ant new taking the fifth box. I can walk bhout with the aid of a stick, antd amt gradually, but surely, recoveriing my far ner vigor land vitality. You see these crutches herel Tuey were msade for me before I got Dr Williams' Pink , ills, but I was too weak to use them, atnd now I don't wantt them. All I want is this stick, and I hope suon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining sny strength." " He is 100 per cent. butter," said Mrs Jarvis, who hid come in and taken the baby ott her knees. "Dr. Williams Pink Pills have saved his lite, and made another man of him." A friend who dalled in at his point, said lthat Jarvis looked tell years younger that day titan he did a fortnight previously. "I cats now." continued Jarvis. "have a cold bath, and all the feelings has come back in imy legs. If 1 keep on going the way 1 am I hope ti, be. able to resume work as boiler-maaer, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work s at the trade. I atm better to- day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and leneft to those Pink Pills. They have saved tiy life. I am int no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new mani. On the mantelpiece there is a boxofopiunsand morphta pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. Butthey can stay where they are, for 1 no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been annized at the change in mie. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is the remarkable history, atid confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonish ing cure wrought by Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomo tor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also tne many disorders which arise from an impr.verished state of the blood, asush as anmemin, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains itn the back, nervous headache, &c.; These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with tile full natme Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers generally, or the Dr. Williams Medicine Company, Quee'as Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2s 9d, or half dozen for 14. 9d. 