PART II. Meanwhile, that Boy Jack, generally ashore with his mother, had, as luck would have it, made up his mind to stay on board this particular night of all others. Heartily tired or waiting for those adven tures, looming large at hrst, but growing ever fainter as time went on, he, to console himself, in some wise, had bought a "shil ling shocker," dealing with scalps and gore to an extent perfectly enthralling. And he lay on the starboard locker in the lamplight, and read, and, I grieve to say it, smoked "Old Judges," only pausing at in tervals to mourn' over the degeneracy of the commonplace days in which Providence had cast his lot. Overhead he could hear Johnson stump ing the deck fore and aft, andi in the little galley the rattling of pots and pans, as Bralga cleared up after supper. Suddenly there fell on his car the Bound of something scraping alongside; then voices, blows, a heavy splash, and, the next moment, down the companion steps rushed Johnson, the blood spurting thick from a great gash in liis breast. For ja minute he stood swaying full in the flood'of light cast by the big Rochester lamp, his. ruddy Scan dinavian features blanches a ghastly white, his blue eyes staring wide open. . Then, without a word, he fell crashing at Jack's feet. "That will do," said a deep, stern voice, at the hood w«ts banged to; "that fellow** got more than he can carry. For'-ard. now, and knock the pin out of the shackle, one of you, and let the cable slip. Come here, Louis, and give me a hand with ilie main;-1. Shift, you French" lubbers, thill. »r well have a crowd off from shore bet ore we gel under, way!" Standing there, dazed, hut ill with every sense in him thrilling, he !elt the cutter lean over, and heard the splash water along her sides; heard the 01 block and tackle, and the chink ot wineh pawls, as the great mainsail was booin ended; heard the rattle ot' hanks upon wire stay, and knew the foresail was g<>ing up-all these sounds coining to hnn as hi a waking nightmare, whilst his iixed stare never left the dead face 011 the tloor. the dreadfully changed face that, for "Master Jack," had ever borne a pleasant smile. Presently came a rattle at the companum door, and the same deep voice said, "Keep her head N.-J-W., until 1 sir how things are below." With a wild look around. -biiK darted into his mother's berth. Hut. in a second, he was out again; and, just as a leg landed on the first stair, he raised the little l.i/a refte-hatch be-aft the cabin-table. and let himself noiselessly into the darkness amongst , the stores. "Hi, there, on deck!" he heard the man shout. "Open the skylight and send down a rope's-end! There's one u><> many here. Haul him up, and give him a ji,i»>a^e.' Then came a bumping noise thai lack knew must be made by poor Johnson's body being dragged on deck. Thinking that, probably, a scan h uotild soon be made, he got through the -mall door that divided the lazarette irotn the main hold, where, on the ballast, were stowed the water-tanks, spare sails, and oddments. And, knowing every inch .>! the place, he snugged away under a heap o) canvas. None too soon: tor in a jew minutes- a light Hashed in the :-i ore-room, and, peeping, .Jack saw a big. bearded man. accompanied by a small, dark one. ,-tep out into the hold. Swinging the lantern around, the former said. "She's only a yacht, Louis. No loot, no booty, n<<;hnig but stores-move's the pity! However, it's the boat we wanted. And she's dirt cheap at two lives!" Bight for'ard, in the bows, was the fore castle, easily entered from the hold. Here, in a locker, Jack found some salt pork, a round of fresh beef, and plenty of bread-enough provisions to last him for a week. But at present lie was far too ex cited to think of eating. All lie could do was to sit on a chest in the gloom amount the cockroaches, and listen to the creaking and groanings of the cutter's timliers, as she foamed along before a strong westerly breeze. In front of hipi hung a lot of oil skins, that swished backwards and for wards on the bulkhead with every lurch of the vessel, like a row of hanged men with sou-westers on, just discernible in tire semi-darkness, lit only by a single dead light in the deck above. And here he thought and thought, and made plan after plan, all equally futile. By listening at the lazarctle hatch he heard enough to know that the men in j»os session of the Buln Buln spent most of tlieii time on deck. According to his calculations, lie had been below two days, when he made up his mind to, at all risks, discover what was going to be done with the cutter, and, if possible, to get hold of hie levolver. And, at what he thought must be about midnight, with a beating heart, he slowly lifted the little hatch wide enough to get his head up. The cabin was empty, and, like a flash, he was out and into hie own berth, pant ing with excitement as he crouched on his bunk, and felt with trembling linger* for the revolver. It was there, and as he slipped back the breech- block and tilled in the long, heavy 44 C.F.'s-s;x of themT his lips set, and a warm glow of pleasure seemed to fill his veins with fresh life aud courage. He had left the door ajar, fastened only by a hook and eye, and by the light from the cabin lamp he saw that the place had been well rummaged, but was unoccupied. His tin clothes-box lay on-ifanfidie, with its contents strewed about the floor. The re volver he grasped so firmly was actually the only weapon on board. And the searchers had missed it! He was nearly sure, too, that the pirates, as-he always called them to himself, had nothing but their knives. . Rising, he drew the curtains that hung before the door, leaving a - narrow slit, through whidh he could see what was going on in the cabin. Evidently "he had made a mistake in the time, for the table wm laid, It looked darV 01)oiip)i outside, but, must, lie now thought, he only supper time. Whilst he 1 itched. the smaller man of I lie pair he had seen in the hold came down with his arms lull of dishes, the appetising odour of which made .Jack's stomach sore alter Ins cold lare washed down with cold Presently the man with the big beard de scended, and I he two began to cat. "I'ifly miles east of Cape }ork, J^ouis, said ihi'-Kiiglisliiiian, "and the breeze still holding fairly. We'll begin to nmke our southing lliruugh the passage soon. We've ilone well. Hut ] wish we'd found some weapons. You see, many of the natives of the islands hereabout are not. the most amiable people in the world. Have you searched everywhere?" "<)ui. nion capitaine," replied the other, "and none anywheres do we find. No rifle, no nun, no pistolet. Hy (Tar-, we have noting but de knives!" "Well, well." replied the hig man, "if we can only make Tanna, I know friends there who will soon supply us. Reineml»er, we're j'if-'hi in the track of shi))ping now, and must keep a very sharp look-out. We're short handed, too, and it'll have to be trick jiml lie. Hut that won't matter so long as the weather keeps as fine as it is. This isn't bad rum ; Very strong, though. Finished; well then j-ou-can go &nd; relieve Au^uste at the tiller, wliilat.1 .to the .tide lights before some d-d.flteflmer' cuts us down. Toll him to leave the rriih and biscuits on the table after he's done, big ship la.-h. A nip now and figain during these loii}: watches won't hurt any of us.*' And all the time the long barrel of Jack's revolver pointed steady as a rock across the brass catch of the door, straight for the speaker s broad breast. More than once his tinner had pressed the dinner evor KO bnhily. He knew he could have shot him dead at any moment. Hut Aunuste was at the other end of the table. To net a fair aim at him he would have to throw the door wide open and lire in the smoke. Hy that time the other pirate would be down. Hut for all this nice calculating of his chancer he had nearly determined to risk it, had, indeed, raised his left hand ready to push off the hook as he lired, when." his eye catching sight of a small box underneath the table, a new idea flashed into liis bruin, und lie allowed the pair to leave the cabin scatheless. Then the other scoundrel, named Au guste, came down, and Juek watched hiin eating, and drinking rum and water out of the big square bottle of "Alackay's Special. ' At last he, too, liuished, cleared away the tilings with national neatness uud despatch, placed a- tray of biscuits alongside the bottle, turned down the lamp, and went on deck. Like a ghost Jack slipjted out, and fell on his knees before the medicine- chest, lashed to ringbolts on the Uoor. Another minute, and lie had fouud what he had often been accustomed to get for his mother-a good sized bottle labelled "Tinct. Opium." An other minute, and, pouring three-parts of its contents into the rum, he was back again to hit? berth. "That ought to put the wretches to Bleep, anyhow," quoth he, as he resumed his watch. "If it doesn't, well, theu, I will have to shoot, and chance it. Hut I'd souiier taike 'em alive. 1 wonder if the stuff 11 taste the rum too much?" This question was soon answered. The big Knglisliman, coming in, poured out half a tumblerful, added a little water, and drank the lot oil at a gulp, smacked hie lips doubtfully, shook his head, took another dose without water, appeared satisfied, and returned to the deck. One after the other, at intervals, tbe Frenchmen entered and helped themselves -l-iouis liberally, Auguste in moderation. The spirit was strong, fiery, and many de gree* over-proof. liut the laudanum had evidently jgiveu it a "twang," for Louis, as he drank, muttered "Sacristi!" and "I^jiinerre de dieu!" whilst Auguste ex claimed, "Dam le rhum! it burn, and taste not anyhow!" and made extraordinary faces, at which, anxious and excited as he wu-<, Jack grinned. It was a Hue starlight night, and a oool breeae struck his hot cheeks refreshingly. Alongside the tiller lay the body of a man. The cutter had jibed, and the great main sail, coming up in the wind, again threa tened every minute to bring the boom back. Stooping, Jack Baw that the pros trate figure "was that of the Frenchman, Louis. Hut where were the others^ Could tihe boom have- swept them overboard^ Seizing the tiller, he put it hard up, slip ping the rope used for the purpose over it* head. As he turned his face for'ard he saw a form come towards him out of a darli patch of shadow by the galley. Stealthily ; but, with uncertain foot steps, itapproached until Jack recognised August* " .. - suffering from the effects ot ij.p " not quite overcome. ln his l,T?"1!*' but could soe t long bright kmje illl,e H the I' renchinan had bean wajWlese time, for lie (Mine on muttemg Tu *** lnwherently, but plainly 1,Wlllf"3' acj Ho l.a.1 r»ch«d the rfWKPSfHK hoarse gwwl of rase, nil t ,i(e ..SJk » was gathering himsdf togel'i...- f Up,lfted, when Jax^k, taking stea.lv 1In a yrnst, tired, smashing his shudder 1)18 fellow wont down like a W .,,5' nd the on the deck, moaning, mid ,vi« V'M things that the lad, aJthou^', hf" ?ls,of jxiid live . pounds a year extra f i' reuoh, could make nothing r his However, running across l , knife, and shied it overbad ^ "Where's the other man-the i, " the beard?" lllt«n«n with "Oh, oh!" groaned the ,>t.W ... m'uvez tue! Oh! Mon euauv'" "otis "llother Paul!" replied ,j,ick fi , ])utting IDS jHstol to the iellov. s hi!!i y' keeping a waiy look out on "i| g£' ^ didn't ask you for his name unT 1 he, 1 want to know? Ko Lu,!, er{ « \ou can speak English all r ht h' I've heard you!" *Ut' becau£e ''Thecapitaine, m'sier"? replied between iiie groans and exclmuatio'ng^^' boom sweep him over de board. 1 forVi he stun' on de skylight, dere, LouiR fin at de tiller. He give a cry, |"a up never no more. Ah, fid! I die'" « a he rolled over quite still. "1 don't th*"? you re dead, remarked Jack, .'and if i are it's only one for poor old .lobuson Ld ralga. iheu after giving the fellow at the tiller a kick to make sure that lie wasn't shamming, he went for'ard, linger on tt'J ger, as lar as the little forecastle. But tlu-re was no 6ne there. Jack was ma-i,.! of the Huln Buln, with his hands very fu|i indeed. Returning, he unrove the sienal-halliards and tied up Louis scientifically, not qu.te certain whether he was alive or dead Auguste had bled a good deal, and was in^ sensible, or shamming. So .Jack, after roughly bandaging his shoulder, tied him up also. Not for nothing had lie helped to rope colts in Huln Huln bianding-yards. And he told himself he couldn't afford to throw away chances. Then for the lirst time he looked around and out-board. To his surprise there was high land looming up on either side.'? hi fact, the Huln liulii seemed heading dircctlv for an island poit. Jumping to the iriaiii sheet. Jack, exerting all his strength,. at last got the boom amidships. Only that the wind had almost completely died away he could never have managed this. Then, letting go throat and peak aodpifl topsail halliards, down came all the cutter's canvas by the run, and she rested nearly stationary. For some time past Jack, amidst all the hurry, bustle, and excitement, had been dimly conscious of healing a dull churning noise somewhere in air or sea. Now taking a spell and looking astern, lie saw, through the darkness, a great green eye xlimm;. Closer and closer came the measured, tliroli btng like the hurried panting of some *ea monster, whose dim bulk he could just dis cern against the stars. A steamer! And .lack yelled and shout.'d with joy, and liml off all tlie i handier.* of his revolver in quick succcssi.iii. sounding like stockwhip cracks on the cool air of the tropical morning. There was a musical jangling of bells somewhere, the churning ceased. and, be fore he realised it, the great mas* was elid ing gently up, and hailing, "Outer alloy! What are you doing there, acting the goat, right in the fair way? Clear out!" An order emphasised by a long I'last of lier syren. "1 wanthelp!" shouted, lack, willi a quaver in his voice, as the echoes died away. "1 vo got two pirates here! Tliey siolt- our cut ter, aud but here the 1''iin. heavy strain Iwgan to tell, and, dfspitc his struggles, he broke down a little and choked. In a minute a great Inight light flared out on board the steanni. showing her towering black sides lined with faces from for'ard right aft; throwing the little cutter into strong relief,and disclosing Jack standing on the skylight, revi>W>T m ivana, below him, on the deck, the sei.scicss bodies of the two men, one lying in a dark R®01 of blood-a picture, while it lasw-d, as dra matic as the most exacting artist could de sire. "Lower away the prig, anil j'-uss a line aboard to tow the cutter!" And very quickly Jack and l. s captiree were got aboard the Q.S.N. IV. V steamer Arafura; the bells clanged au.iiu, affa5" down in the engine-roam, ami. wi:h the Buln Buln cutting two big riiip - of foam behind her. the big boat sot her :. -se norti about for the Gulf. And as .far:-., very pale and faint, but striving mightily n >; to nreak down, stood in the saloon amid-: > crowd of passengers, who seemed to be <!. talking to nim at once, a very familiar v<-. ,-e said, in tones of such utter astonisbinn.i as rowe a silence, "Well, I'm dauiue<i, if itimt that boy Jack!" ? It took all the surgeon of liu- Arafuri e skill to restore the drugged in.v ? Louie, to consciousness, so neany had . as he phrased it, "put a set on him-" ^n<!?v; the pair of rascals were but in :><wr pip1' when transferred to the Non::mville DM pita], whence they eventually -nerged to, in al>sence of actual proof of ui'irder, ww life sentences. If Mr. Dayej' was astonished ' the meet' >ng, he was equally as proud w' . n hecaiM to hear the full particulars of J :-' boium venture. . And, of course, .Taclc -was thf !>ew of'M hour with all the "Arafuras," taui to the cook's mate. Hut put "Iv! side"-not even as much as wag, i;. entitled to, and was, I think far of his father's simple "Ho i t lad. lad!" and his hand-grip, as of »!'<' m.aD ^ another, than of all the pramr*. letting, J® admiration he received on every side * , familiar in people's mouths {>?' houM" , words throughout the far north became etoiy of "That Boy Jack." excavations in the nciv'tioou-y of 1 iiolK'H have provfj that in tlie old .. . «gir'8 Egypt had a lively .lolls, and that tip-cats and i"J>p the attention of bo vs. Two tb"1184 "{ji, ago the boys of Aome playe<i niarb' earnestly as do the lad* of our own ^ 1 he Hoinan Kmperor August ue, tM joyed a game of marbles when he waf, ijjjg History nays he spent many h«ura ,{ «uUi" with little Moorish boys. K)fl|[ .wye at that time were not quite to for marbles as are their modem repr®^, lives. They had to be content round psbbles, nuts, or bit* ® ,, whittled to the shape of a ball. J ((TE Breat lmpJWfement when, later,"**. f|ar of France and Switzerland made JJs' jij marbles. Some of these very m«Di w be seen to-day, 