ATJN'PAT'S CBBE^Wir ??nm ^ARDINAL'S DISCOURSE. ) ?''Let God.a*rw#, and let His enemies be scattered,! I Mid ;let them . thfiA hate Him -fiee from before His' '?ace. God is wonderful in His Stiints; the God o£ iKsrftelis He who .will .gipe power and strength to ? 'His people. Blessed be God.' (First and last verse ?off 67th. Psalm.) The heavens proclaim thejglory; of the Most High. The firmament with ics couritleBs ge,ms of light, the sun in the brightness of its radiance, the earth with all its varied richness and beauty, the ocean iii its rneasurpless expanse, all nature in its fixed, un changing course, are faint images of the infinite per fections of the Creator. And yet that Creator, all perfect and omnipotent, accepts -is a gift at the hands of man a dwelling in .which His glory may abide, an altar where the pure oblation ever pleasing in His sight shall be offered up, and where .His blessings upon His children shall abound. Such a privileged gift you have offered to God to-day.. A NOBLE OTJFEUING TO GOD. ' This beautiful Cathedral, so grand in its design, so solid in its structure, so perfect in its architecture, so rich in its ornamentation, so complete in its minutest details, is a gift worthy of your traditional piety and your devotedness to religion, a gift than which none other more precious, more perfect, more complete, has throughout this Southern Hemisphere been offered to the glory of God. From this com manding position which was so befittingly chosen for the sacred edifice, your Cathedral shall cast its shadow as a protecting aegis around your queenly capital of Victoria. The cross, glittering on its summit, as a baacon-light shall be hailed with joy by the pilgrims from distant lands. At these altars the heart, weary by the hardships and burdens of life, shall find consolation and repose, and the reli gious soul, ardent in its piety, shall renew its vigour and strength to right the good combat and win the eternal prize. That your gift may be the more pleasing in the sight of heaven, you clothe it with the mantle of a great Saint, you invest it with the splendour of his sanctity, you impart to it the halo or his apostolate, that thus the very name under which it is dedicated to God may lift up men's minds from earthly things, and may attract hither their hearts in fervent affectioh, that the choicest blessings of the Most High may be poured out upon this fair Australian land. A RADIANT NAME. What name is it that I see emblazoned on the portals of this grand Cathedral ? What Saint is it whose heroism of virtue shall here be commemorated ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL, MELBOURNE (COMPLETE DEPfGX). ir.nu year to year, the lessons of whose sanctity .shall be inscribed upon your banners, and whose me mory, embalmed in the hearts of a faithful people, shail for ages to come edify Holy Church and give jlorv to the Most High r Oh ! it is the bright name if Erin's Apostle, the glorious St. Patrick, whose jeal and sanctity gave joy to heaven, and whose leeds of piety merited countless blessings for those whom, he evangeli/ed, a Saint whose apostolate is set is a sacred seal on the heart of the Irish race, and which, as fresfc. and as life-giving to-day as it was in the golden agee «£ Ireland's faith, continues to impart to many nations this EKyine blessings of re ligion and to people Heaven with saints ? GtOKIOUS ST. PATRICK. What phalli f y& of St. Patrick's sanctity, ov of ,the .gloripjis'apoatojlajbp ,j^th which that sanctity' was erowned-?' I,n hio you^h we #yto him carried off as a slave to Ireland.' 'fHiieye, torn away from home and friends, he speat sawn year's .keeftinj? pat.ch over his master's iloek en a ,eold, lpieak hillside in the County of Antrim, amid ail tije privations ah^i havdr ships of cruel slavery, and yet the tli-e of piety never ceased to glow in his fervent soul- He himself, in after times, looking back upon those days of his .cantivjUsr. relates that the fire of Divine love burned brightly iri kip heart : 'On coming to Ireland,' ne says, .??! was pg^wt-enumg suuuy, a.''*. i'»'j »?'?'- in the day I prayed, and r^ore and more the love of God and His faith' arid fear f-y$f in- me, and the spirit was strengthened, po'.th'&'t' in fi. f4jrz'\e c^* have prayed a hundred time's, and 'iii the #J!jht nearly the same, and I dwolt in the woods' and' on , the mountain, and before the da wa I was summoned to prayer by the snow, and the ice, and Che rain, and I 'did not suffer from them, nor was there Cvc.y sloth in i#e,, because then the spirit was burning within me.'/ Frpsd from captivity, the fervent youth was jled:^y4i? fcp?-? of Go-l toth.e rreat -sa'-c' tuajtifSS of piety and t\\\c qen.ti'^ of religious life m GauiandL ftalyj there to be perfected' in w,i$ paths of holiness, and it» be prepared for the Apostolafco that awaited him, IN THB PAYS OFF U&9?AQ.^O-*. _ ' We meet with him at Marmoufciey, ih^ beautiful yalley on the banks of the Loire, whish hjs iU«.str-- ous kinsman, St. Martin of Tours, had transformed into an encampment of piety, where the noblest sons of France, practising all the virtues of a heavenly life emulated the heroism of penance and perfection of their holy founder. . We rind him, also, under the guidance of St. German us of Auxerre, the great restorer of religious discipline in France, drawing from his rich treasures of wisdom and experience, and learning from him the science of the Saints. But it was above all at the Island school of Lerins, j presided over by its holy founder^ St. Honoratus, 1 that his heart was fashioned to become a meet in strument in the ways of God, for the salvation of | the Irish race. Lerins, hitherto a desert and rocky isle, had in those days become the Paradise of Southern France. An eloquent French writer of the present century has faithfully sketched this island monastery, which for many years was the chosen abode of Ireland's future Apostle: — 'The facu of the isle was changed, the desert became a paradise ; a country bordered with deep woods, watered by refreshing streams, rich with verdure, enamelled with tlowers. embalmed by their per fumes, revealed the fertilizing presence there of a new race. The west had no longer reason to envy the east ; and very soon that retreat, destined, in the intentions of its founder, to renew upon the coasts of Provence the austerities of the Thebaid, became a celebrated school of theology and Christian philosophy, a citadel inaccessible to the waves of birbarian invasion, an asylum for literature and science which had fled from Italy invaded by the Goths, in short, a nursery of Bishops and Saints, who were destined to spread over the whole of Gaul the knowledge of the Gospel and the glory of Lerins. In that island paradise, and undrr the care of such a pastor, St. Honoratus, the perfume of life breathed everywhere. The monks who had sought hapniness by renouncing secular life felt and proclaimed that they had found it; to see their serene and modest joy,' their union, their gentleness, and their firm hope, one could have believed oneself in presence of a battalion of angels at rest.' BEGINS HIS APOSTOLATE. At length the time arrived for St. Patrick to eater upon the mission Divinely marked oatfi r h'm. Looking towards Kmne to the successor of St. Peter, the visible centra of Christian unity, from whrm all spiritual authority must come, he breathed the t'er vent prayer, ' Oh, Lord Jesus Christ, lead me. I beseech Thee, to the See of the Holy Ttoman Church, that I may there receive authority to preach with confidence Thy sacred truths to the Irish race, that through my humble ministry that pagan land may be gathered into Thy saving fold ' Equipped with the desired commission from Pope Celestine, he hastens to Erin, herald of the heavenly blessings of Redemption, and on that gladsome day when he landed on Erin's shores, how the Guardian Angels of that favoured land rejoiced before God's throne and exultingly intoned their anthem of thanks giving "How beautiful on the mountains are the -footprints 'of him who evangelizeth the glad tidings, who -evangelizeth peace.'' 'I need not dwell on the details of his apostolate among-the tribes of Ireland; he evangelized' every part of the island. At every , stage of his 'thrice-blessed career, the heroism of piety shone forth in his sacred- minishy. Prayer 'and penance were the arms with 'which 'he 'triumphed, and the heavenly fragrance of Christian virtues and the blessings of religion were diffused fctjxoughoujfc the 'l.e^Lgtd)t and breadth of the land. The same prodigious piety, 'fcjj.sj!&ined; by Divine power, which from the outset had' overcome the Druidical opposition and broken the tyranny of paganism, preserved harmony and unity and peace among those who were led to the Faith, and the fold of St. Patrick in the remote isle of the West became a faithful picture of the infant Church as described in the Acts of the Apostles, ' the multi '.{uiJ^ojf-fcelievei'B were of one heart and one mind.' Tfe@ Saint'lbyed- to retire from time to time to the summit of a lQfty.'''xnfouh.t.^ bordering on the Western coaGfc, there, to dw'eUVfn 'sjb{itgdp for 40 days and nights in uninterrupted, communion with heaven. A little while before ho was summoned to his reward, he from this silent and penitential re Jreat imparted a last blessing to Erin, and in resppn.ee £0 his prayer the angelic message was con yeyed'to1 him thafc fche light of the Faith would neyc-r be los;fc to the beloved nation whom he had jeyangeligad. ' ' V' ! -??'?' ? ?„ ? A GOLDEN HARVEST. . The mission of St. Patrick was crowned with glorious results. It was not only that his 60 years of missionary toil gathered the whole Irish race' into the fold of Christ, but furthermore the fruitfulness of the blessings of his own sanctity seemed to be imparted to those whom he had instructed. Ere he went to his reward, the sacred tree of Faith had put forth its fairest blossoms, and all Erin rejoiced in the vigour and richness of its comeliness. Churches, schools, institutions of piety, s -nctuaries of religion were multiplied on her green hills and smiling valleys, and the whole Island was gradually trans formed into a hive of learning and sanctity. When St. Patrick landed in Ireland it was as yet a pagan wilderness. When he went to plead for his people in heaven, it had become God's garden. A historian no wise partial to Ireland's religion or Ireland's peop!e thus attests the wondrous change : ' While in all other countries the intoduction of Christianity has been the slow work of time, has been resisted by either Government or people, and seldom effected without a lavish effusion of blood, in Ireland, on the contrary, by the influence of one humble but zeaious missionary, and with but little previous preparation of the soil by other hands, Christianity burst forth at the first ray of apostolic light, and with the sudden ripeness of a northern summer at once covered the whole land. Kings and princes, when not themselves among the ranks of the converted, saw their sons and daughters joining in their train without a murmur. Chiefs, at variance in all else, agreed in meeting beneath the Christian banner, and the proud Druid and Bard laid their susperstitions meekly at the foot of the Cross.' THE POWER OV PRAYER. St. Patrick himself tells us of the marvellous change thus effected by the power of God : ' Wherefore now in Ireland,' he says, ' they, who never had the knowledge of God, and hithprto had worshipped idols and unclean things, in these latter times have been made the people of the Lord, and are called the sons of God. The sons of the Irish and the daughters of Princes are seen as monks and virgins of Christ.' Entering on his mission in Ireland, the Saint had prayed that the land assigned to his apostolate might become a light to the nations, and a fruitful mother of saints. 'His prayer was heard, and well might his heart rejoice. During the 60 years through which his apbstolute was prolonged he i.ad consecrated 300 Bishops, and ten times that number of priests. A native clergy ministered everywhere at the altar, fervent nuns were keeping alive the flame of piety in countless sanctuaries, and the father.«fand mothers of Erin were training up their children to walk in the paths of sanc tity marked out for them by their great Apostle. This was, indeed, a wondrous change. A nation hitherto held captive in the bonds of superstition and paganism, and spellbound in darkness and wintry c )ld, was lit up to its remotest districts with, the light of Divine Truth. Resplen dent with the radiance of piety, it seemed in all its wide extent to be transformed into a sanctuary, at whose altsrs an unceasing aiithemj ot thanksgiving and praise and gk-ry to the M-st High ascei.ded from earth to Heave?). The array of sanctity that adorned the,., videi-pre.eding plains of Erin duiin'g St. Patrick's lifetime was destined to be (something more than a passing phase of his glurious Apostolate. The Angel of God had promised that that piety would °be an ? abiding heritage, perpetuated from age to age among his spiritual children. His tory is witness that the promise has been fulfilled, and from the days of St. Patrick to the present hour the heroism of Catholic faith and the practice of Catholic virtue have been preserved ever fresh and uncon querable in the hearts of Ireland's sons. THE HERITAGE OF FAITH UNCONQUERABLE. How many changes has the word wit nessed during those 1400 years since St. Patrick attained his heavedly reward r Countless heresies have arisen and waged ?war against the Church, and are now forgotte i- Innumerable systems of philosophy have had their votaiies, and in turn have been consigned to the to nb. Dynasties and thrones and empires have aris?n and run their course and disappeared. But the Church of Erin has remained ever pure, without taint of heresy or schism, and no power of earth or hell could rob her of the sacred heritage of heaven's blessings received from her Apostle. United in the closest bonds of religious unity with Rome, the citadel of her faith, she has never forfeited her heavenly birthright, and Catholic piety has never ceased to impart the blessings of its enlightenment ; and consolation to the hearts of her sons, ISLAND OF SAINTS AND SCHOLARS. The illustrious Irish chronicler, Marianus Scotus, describing the condition of the Irish Church about a hundred years after St. Patrick's demise, cries out : ' Ireland, the Is'.and of Saint?, was to a sub lime degree replete with holy men and full of in numerable wonders.1' This outpouring of sanctity iipon Erin may be said to have continued for seven centuries. From the; 5th to the 12th century all ?Christendom resounded wisth the i eulogies of her piety, whilst the grateful nations of Europe sa'luted | her as the bright star of religion, the home of piety., the sanctuary of knowledge, the island of sages and J 'of- saints. Need I recall the great schools, colleges^ and monasteries, which as brilliant centres of virtue #rid ^isdom1 handed' on the tradition of sanctity l from 'age to lage,i dousing around them on every ' side the blessings of 'Teaming and of Chripfciaiv en? ' Kghtenment ? Need I mention' Armagh? with' its ' 7000 scholars, or Bangor, no less populous,' na less ' renowned ; or Iniskeltra in Lough Derg, famed for l its love of sacred writ? What shall I say of Clonard in Meath, illustrious for patristic studies ; of Clon macnoise and its school of history on the banks of the Shannon ; of Lismore on the pleasant banks of £he ^lackwater in Munster, intent on classical i* Studies and Backed r^elody ; of Gougane-Barra, so P , attractive tn pilgrims'/from, .the favoured land of I Italy; of Clonfert,,r,iclrin .theologicaljjiore ; of . the ?Arran Isles, the .Paradise of ithe,! West ;: of Glendiip lough amid the solitary glens and-unriyaJlediscenery ofWicklow; of Aghabhoe of widespread scientific '? fame; of Derry, Durrow, and Kells, hallowed by I $h6 teaching of St/Columba ; and a hundred other ? i' , great scholastic centres where earnestness in the paths of piety and devotedness -.to . the pursuits of learning went ever hand-in-hand ? . THE LIGHT OP THE CHRISTIAN 'WORLD. Such wa9 the bright fame of those schools of Erin that numerousbanda of pi.gvims journey edeyen from distant Egypt to satiate their religious thirst at these fountains of knowledge. Many also came from Italy and Gaul, but it was above all from the Anglo Saxon kingdoms in the neighbouring isle that stu 'dents hastened to receive instructions alike in virtue and in science. Venerable 13ede, who attests this fact, takes care to add that m the true spirit of genu ine Christian benevolence the Irish schools imparted to all these scholars ' gratuitously their daily food, the books of which thej stood in need, and free in struction.' St. Aldhelm relates that in his day troops of scholars were setting out for the Irish coasts, and he adds: ' Ireland, rich and blossom ing in scholars, is adorned like the poles of the world with innumerable bright stars.' Other Anglo-Saxons attest with no less enthusiasm the spirit of study, the love of discipline, the boundless generosity characteristic of the Irish schools. Dr. Johnson describes Ireland as ' the school of the West, the peaceful habitation of sanctity and learn ing.' Even Ledwich, who has left nothing undone to find out something to censure in the early Irish Church, is constrained to write that 'so zealouo and disinterested a love of learning as is shown forth in those schools of Ireland is unparalleled in the an nals of the world.' ' ...... THE HUSH SCHOOLS, One feature of the Irish schools has won the special eulogy of the illustrious Montalembert : — 'The poor and the rich,' he writes, 'the slave as well as the freeman, the young and the old,' had free access and paid nothing. The Irish schools opened their doors with admirable . generosity to strangers from every country and of every condition; above all, to those who came from the neighbouring island, England. The Irish monks received with kindness all those guests greedy of instruction and gave thern books and masters, and the food of the body as well as of the mind, without demanding any repompense. The Anglo-Saxons, who were to repay thj8 gpnerosity with ingratitude so cruel, were of all nations the one which derived the most profit from iti From the 7th to the 11th century English .students flocked into Ireland, and for 400 years the monastic schools of the island maintained the great Reputation which brought so: man}r successive generations to dip deeply there into the living Tyaters of knowledge and faith.' THE HEAVENLY GIET OF MISSIONARY ZEAL. St. Patrick not only enriched his children with the heritage of his own sanctity, he bequeathed to them, moreover, his missionary apostolate, and, faithful to thislegacvof their Apostle's love, we see hundreds of devoted sons, century after century, going forth from their native Erin, heralds of the blessings of redemption, to distant lands. Nature seemed to have prepared them for this work of grace. Michelet and other writers, who have made a study of the Celtic tribes before their conversion to Christianity, tell us that their natural bent was for foreign enterprise. 'We read o£ Irish kings in pagan times setting forth in their strong galleys to ravage the poasts of Britain and the Continent, and return ing home laden with the spoils of plundered terri tories. So, too, in time of peace it was th'eir greatest delight to welcome a visitor from afar, and to hear from him the strange tidings of lands which they' had not explored. A sacred mission was henceforth to be engrafted on this natural bent of the Irish yaGe. They will go forth in search of spiritual con quests, to lay up for themselves rich treasures of merit, and to win, among peoples who know not God, the unfading laurels of the apostolate of peace. Need I recall to mind the triumphs of St. Columba, who subdued to the sweet yoke of the Gospel those untamed Picts of Caledonia, whom the armies of Imperial Rome could not vanquish ? It is only a fow mnnf'he cinpp nirme rnlcrvimfi 'from mnnxr Innrly were seen hastening towards the hallowed shores of Iona, the rugged island which that great Saint chose for his monastic home. They went thitherto pay the fervent tribute of their veneration and homage to the Most High in the celebration of St, Columba' s centenary feast, a proof that, despite the course of thirteen centuries. Holy Church has not forgotten the incomparable blessings which, as from a fountainsource, flowed fV-rth from his Apostolate upon Scotland and all the Scottish Isles. BOWING THE GOSPEL SEED IX SCOTLAND AND ENGLAND. It was no less the privilege of Jrish missionaries to sow the Gospel seed in the furrows first opened by their brother missionaries from Canterbury, and to gather in a rich and abiding harvest through out Northumbria and the other Kingdoms of England. I will allow ' a Protestant Bishop who has made a special study of this period of English history to tell of the marvellous fruits of Ireland's Apostolate in Great Britain in those days. It is thus that Dr. Wordsworth writes : — ' More than a thousand years ago the Church of Ireland was the burning and shining light of the Western world. Her candlestick was seen from afar, diffusing its rays like the luminous beacon of some lofty lighthouse, planted on a rock amid the foaming surge of the ocean and casting its light over the dark sea to guide the mariner in his course. Such was the Church of Ireland then. Such she was especially for England. We, of this land, must not conceal our obligations to her. We must not be ashamed to confess that with regard to learning, and especially with regard to sacred learning, Ire land was in advance of England at that time. The sons of our nobles and gentry were sent for education thither. .Ireland was the university of the West. She'nvas rich in libraries, colleges, and schools. She Tyas famous, as now, for hospitality. . She received those who came to her with affectionate generosity, and provided them with books and instructors. She trained them in sound learning, especially in the Word of God. Nor is this all. We are bound to remember that the Christianity of England and of Scotland was, in a great measure, reflected upon them from the West by the instrumentality of Irish missionaries, especially of those who came from Iona.. That school was founded in the Gth century by St. Columba. He is justly regarded as the Apostle of the Highlands and western islands of j-jcotjand. Many, doubtless, who are here present liave fitood on the sea-girt cliff of Iona, and have viewed with religious interest? and veneration the mouldering remains of ancient Christianity which Still survive on the solitary shore. The name of Ioria has 'been coupled with that of Marathon by one of our most celebrated writers in a passage familiar to all, and they who are versed in the history of Christianity in their own land will gladly and gratefully confess that the peaceful conquests achieved in our country by the saintly armies of Iona were far more beneficent and glorious than any that were gained on fields like that of Marathon, fur tiie names of those who fought for these vic tories of the Gospel are inscribed, not in perishable records, but in the pages of the Book of Life. The happy effects of the mission from Iona were felt throughout Kngiand, from the river Humber to the Thames. Churches were buiit ; the people flocked with joy to hear the. Word of God; the Heavenly dove — the Hoiy Spirit of God — brooded invisibly over the heads of thousands baptized by these Irish missionaries in the faith of Christ in our own land. Multitudes, wearied by the storm, and finding no rest for the sole of their feet on the wilderness of the waters of this life, took refuge in the ark of the Church.' TORCHP.EARERS OF TRUTH AND LEARNING. But it was not on Scotland and England alone that the light of faith was reflected from the bright sanctuaries of Erin. Armies of her missionaries went forth to tvery p.*rt of Europe. They were we!comed by the brave but as yet untutored Franks and Burgundians who had conquered Gaul. They threw themselves among the pagan Allemanni beyond the Rhine. They penetrated into the Black Forest, and advanced the frontiers of religion to the banks of the Danube. They evangelized the fierce tribes of Switzerland. By their preaching, Lom bardy was won back from the Arian heresy. Luxeuil, founded by St. Columbanu9, became the mother-house of countless schools of piety and literature. The monastery of St. (Tall, in Switzer land, was for centuries a citadel of Christian enlighten ment, Under the benign influence of the martyred Kilian, Franconia was transformed into a nursery of saints. St. Fursey sanctified Central France. St. Colman became the patron of Austria. St. Romoald brought the cross to Brabant. The whole Belgic Church was ennobled by the piety and heroism of SS. Dympna and Livinus and their companion saints. ERIN AJfD EUROPE. Some one will ask, perhaps, how was it that the fairest territories of Europe stood in need of such religious help from the missionaries of distant Erin r If we go back in thought to those days we will see that the Garden of Europe had been well nigh reduced to a desert waste. Myriad hordes of barbarians issuing from the forests of the North and from the East had trampled out almost every trace of civilization and of religion in those once most favoured lands. Orosius, writing in the 5th cen tury, dec. ares that 'if the waters of the Deluge had swept over those once flourishing and populous re gions the desolation would not be more complete.' We have read at times how, by the sudden uphea val of earthquake or volcano, some smiling district, rich in its cultivation and its adornments of archi tecture and art, has been on a sudden reduced to ruin and covered with unsightly heaps of mud and ashes. Even so, the most flourishing territories of Europe, overwhelmed with a seething mass of savage barbarism, were despoiled of every monument of their former civilization, robbed of their institutions, laws, liberty, and religion, and as a rule the whole population was carried off to slavery or put to the sword. Thus it was that throughout a great part of Europe barbarism was triumphant. All piety, all learning, all civilization, weresubmerged beneath the moral deluge. But God had, through St. Patrick, prepared an ark to preserve His blessings for a new 1 world. Christian Erin would guard as religious treasures all that was best in the enlightenment of the past, and from her shores would go forth the missionary doves bearing the olive-branch of peace, harbingers of a renewed life, and messen gers to a new world of the blessings of redemption. It was no easy task that devolved on the sons of St. Patrick. The rude barbarians were to be transformed into virtuous citizens, and regenerated Christian nations were to be summoned to life. The seeds of religious enlightenment had to be sown broadcast — sacred seeds destined to yield the richest harvest of every blessing. Fearlessly the Celtic missionaries entered on the task which Providence had marked out for them, the blessing of Heaven was on their mission, paganism and heresy were vanquished, and a glorious enduring triumph was achieved. THE PELTIC MISSIONARIES. Europe stood amazed at the migration of Erin's countless missionaries to her shores solely in search of spiritual conquests. One contemporary writer compares them to swarms of bees quitting their parent hivesto enrich the continent with the honeyed stores of religion and literature. Another con temporary writes that all Erin seemed to have become pilgrims and soldiers of Christ St. Bernard attests that the Irish missionaries poured like a rushing torrent on the European nations. A modern writer, though bitterly hostile to the Catholic Church, is, nevertheless, filled »vith enthusiasm contemplating what he styles 'the endless flood of self-denying and devoted men who were pouring out of the Celtic churches, and carrying the Gospel from the north to every point at which European heathendom could be reached, even up to and over the Alps themselves.' Gesta Dei per Francos be came a proverbial expression in the age of the crusaders In those earlier ages of the spiritual crusade, Gc&ia; Del per Elbernos and the eulogy of the missionary heroes, on whom St. Patrick had set the 6eal of his Apostolate, resounded through every fairest district of Europe, FIRM IN FAITH, PURE IN PATRIOTISM, An eloquent French Bishop, Monseigenur Dupan loup, in one of his beautiful discourses on Ireland, does not hesitate to say ; ' Verily, the nacions of Europe, and humanity itself, have just reason to be proud of the Irish race. I know no people,' he adds, ' around whom their patriotism, their pure morals, their courageous faith, their unconquerable fidelity, their bravery, their ardour, whose mission is conquest and civilization, their disinterestedness, their patient endurance of wrong, their poetry, their eloquence, and all those noble qualities, ever ele vated, never cast down, exalted and crowned by misfortune, have thrown a halo more captivating and more sorrowful.' And then he tells us that it y/as Ireland'o mission ' to preach the Gospel to the inftdelVt0 reanimate Christians crushed under bar barian invasions ; to arouse to nobleness degenerate souls; to raise up powerful races; to rekindle the extinguishing torch of arts and letters to carry everywhere the light of science and of faith' Another no less eloquent writer to whom I have already referred, the illustrious Montalembert, cries out : ' It has been with me for some years a source of wonder why so little is known, even by scholarly men, of the great debt which many of the nations of Europe owe to Ireland for the priceless gift of Christianity.' He eulogizes the Irish missionaries in that wherever they planted the cross, new centres of piety sprang up, great monasteries arose, various other institutions were organized, and ' fidelity to the Church took permanent root.' He adds that in the Irish schools 'there were trained an entire population of philosophers, of writers, of architects, of carvers, of painters, of caligraphers, of musicians, of poets and historians ; but, above all, of mission aries destined to spread the light of the Gospel and of Christian education throughout Europe. Thus sprang up those armies of saints who were more numerous, more national, more popular, and, it must be added, more marvellous in Ireland than in any other Christian land.' THE WREATH OP MARTYRDOM. Bright was the renown thus won by Ireland among the nations of Europe during the ages of her missionary fruitfulness. We see her saluted by a grateful Christendom as a lamp of wisdom, a pharos of science, an ark of civilization, a garden of sanctity, a hive of missionaries, a home of sages, an island of Saints. One wreath was yet wanting to her triumph, one peerless gem should be added to her crown. The red rose distinctive of martyrdom was yet to bloom and shed its fragrance in that garden of God, and Ireland was to become the Mother of Martyrs, the Martyr Nation of Holy Church. In the mysterious ways of God, some of the most favoured Churches of the early ages, forfeited the sacred inheritance of the faith. Syria and the East, lit up by the sanctity and eloquence of the Basils, and Gregories, and Chrysostoms, were devastated by the Saracens, and lost the faith, and have been for a thousand years submerged in the depths and darkness of superstition. Alexandria and Africa, adorned by the genius and learning of Origen and Athanasius, of Cyprian and Augustine, were lost to the Church through the invasion of Genseric and his Vandal hordes. Yet Ireland was privi leged never to forfeit her prized inheritance, and the light of Divine Faith shines as brightly to-day on her green hills and valleys as it did in the days of St. Patrick. TRIED BY SWOKD AN]1 FJ.AMB. Some one. perchance may say that no Saracen hordes landed on the coast of Ireland, and that no tyrant like Genseric steeped his sword in Irish blood. Would that it w ere so. But to the glory of God be it confessed that no church of Asia, no church of Africa, no church of any land had been overwhelmed with a fiercer persecution than that which for centuries swept over Ireland, and which Irish faith bravely met and conquered. When the storm of heresy was stirred up by the arts of Satan and the pride of false teachers and the lust and greed of tyrant rulers in the 16th century, Scotland and England, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, and a great part of Germany, were torn away from the Church.,. Yet, as Lord Macau! ay remarks, ' alone among the northern nations, Ireland adhered to the ancient' faith.' For three hundred years all the tenors and cruelty of the ten general persecutions wpre renewed through the length and breadth of Ireland. To the sword of Henry VIII. and Elizabeth succeeded the confiscations under the Stuarts, and then came the deluge of desolation and destruction under the Puritan Commonwealth. An eye-witness of the sufferings of Ireland in those days cries out: 'All the cruelty inflicted on the city of Rome by Nero and Attila, by the Greeks on Troy, by the Moors on Spain, by Vespasian on Jerusalem, all has been inflicted on Ireland by the Puritans.' And that bitter agony was perpe tuated by the Penal Laws, which have been so fitly described as ' a complete system, a machine of wise and elaborate contrivance, and as well fitted for the oppression, impoverishment, and degradation of a people, and the debasement in them of human nature itself, as ever proceeded from the perverted ingenuity of man.' The moss-grown ruins which you meet on every side as you travel through Ireland, the broken arches, the ivy-clad towers, are abiding records of the work of destruc tion of sanctuary and of cloister so recklessly carried on. Yet was not the light of Ireland's faith extin guished, nor quenched the ardour of her piety. The faithful people, driven from the altars of their fathers, worshipped in the sand-pits and the bogs and mountains. Devoted Bishops and priests were ever with them, and took refuge in the caves of the earth, or at times in the very sepulchres of their ancestors. The whole nation treaded the dolorous way of the cross and drank to the very dregs the cup of humiliations and sufferings. It would seem as if. amid the terrible scenes which brought the last century to a close, the Irish Church was to be for ever consigned to the tomb. And yet through the merciful dispositions of Providence we are witnesses to-day that all those humiliations and sorrows and sufferings have been followed by a Resurrection glorious, resplendent, and destined, we trust, to be immortal. BRAVE AND HOLY IRELAND. We are accustomed to prize things according to their cost. The price we pay betokens the value we set on the article which we purchase. At what price did the Irish Catholics preserve the inherit ance of the Catholic Faith ? Home and lands, altars and schools, enlightenment and education, all hope of earthly advancement and prosperity, everything that the world holds dear was sasri ficed. The whole people offered themselves to exile or to shed their blood. Tens of thousands of martyrs gave their lives, but they would not sur render their faith. If the grass is' green on Erin's hills, if the triple leaf of the little shamrock yet sparkles in the morning dew, it is that the roots are nourished by the' blood of martyrs, and it has been well said that the very dust 'on which you tread in holy Ireland is the dust of saints. HEROIC PASTORS AND FAITHFUL FLOCKS. The accurate historian, Mr. Matthew O'Conor, writes that ' the ardent zeal, the fortitude and calm resignation of the Catholic clergy durin' this direful persecution, raightstand a comparison with the constancy Of Christians during the first ages of the Church. Sooner than abandon their flocks altogether, they fled from the communion of men, concealed themselves in woods and cavernB, from whence they issued, whenever the pursuit of their enemies abated, to preach to the people, to comfort them in their afflictions, to encourage them in their trials ; their haunts were objects of indefatigable search ; bloodhounds, the last device of human cruelty, were employed for the purpose, and the same price was set on the head of a priest as on that of a wolf.' Another later historian styles the persecution to which Ireland was subjected, 'the most exterminating attack ever endured by a Chris tian Church. The fanatical followers of Mahomet, in the seventh century, propagated their faith by the sword ; but the hordes of Cromwell abandoned the attempt to make the Irish converts, and turned all their energies to blotting out Catholicity in Ire land by the destruction of the Irish race ; the Irish were recognized as ineradicably Catholic, and were slain or banished to wildernesses where it was be lieved they must become extinct.' Ireland's martyred priests. And then he applies to Ireland's martyred priests the words of a venerable writer : ' Let us strew a few flowers on the tombs of our martyrs. Hail, venerable priests of the Roman Catholic Church. 0 glorious confessors of our God and His Christ, to whom it was given not only to believe in Him but also to suffer for Him ; you who endured so much ignominy, who as exiles trod the narrow way of the Cross amidst the applause of heaven and the wonder of the earth, behold Me at your feet. How beauti ful are the feet of those who were witnesses to God even unto the ends of the earth ! And you, who, contemning the tempest and the swelling waves, ceased not intrepidly to cast your nets, you who, placed as it were in the fiery f urnance, continued to bleos God, to do good to men, to guard your flocks, you, burning and shining lights, who, when you might no longer be as a light placed on a candlestick to shine to all in the house, sought to gather as many as you might under the bushel where you were hidden ; sacred leaven which pre served the whole bodv from corruption, you blessed priests to whom the Lord gave the spirit of heroic endurance in the midst of dangers, hail ! true soldiers of Christ ! Hail ! holy priests, worthy of double honour. Praise be to God, Who gave to you this victorv, through Christ Our Lord. Happy persecution which brought you such a reward. Happy prisons through which you reached the heavenly palaces ! Happy death which gave you eternal life.' THE HEAVENLY PALMS OV .VICTORY. Oh ! from those harrowing scenes of persecution may we not lift up our thoughts to the courts of Heaven ? Is there to be found there around the golden throne of Our Blessed Lord, a more numerous or brighter band of glorious martyrs and heroic confessors of the Faith than those, who have St. Patrick for their leader, and may we not rest as sured that joyously they wave their palms of vic tory, associated with their Apostle in the triumph of our holy faith in the ceremony at which we assist here to- day ? PERSECUTORS AND PROSELYTIZERS. There was one other phase of persecution to which I have not referred, and which nevertheless had an intensity and bitterness and humiliation all its own. This was the persecution carried on by the proselytizers, the relentless war waged by the wealth and intrigues of Protestantism against those who were poor and famine-stricken in the old land. I will allow an Irish prelate of the United States to tell the result of the conflict. In the year 1864 the Bishop of Pittsburg thus wrote : ' Upon the partial abandonment of this form of oppression (open perse cution), a system of proselytism was adopted, and is yet in full vigour (for it has become an institution, and the best-supportedinstitution in Ireland), which, by bribes to the high and the low, appeals to every base instinct to draw men away from the faith. Yet neither confiscation of property, nor famine, nor disgrace, nor death in its most hideous forms, could make Ireland waver in that faith which our forefathers received from St. Patrick. The rich allowed their property to be torn from them, and they willingly became poor; the poor bore hunger and all other consequences of wretched poverty; and though every earthly good was arrayed tempo rarily before them, they scorned to purchase com fort at a price of apostacy. During the four years from 1846 to 1850, nearly two millions either per ished from hunger or its attendant pestilence, or were forced to leave their native land to escape both. In the midst of the dead and the dying, prosely tizers showed themselves everywhere, well provided with food and money and Bibles, and every one of the sufferers felt, and was made to feel, that all his sufferings might have been spared had he been willing to barter his faith for bread. Yet the masses could bear hunger and face pestilence, or fly from their native land ; but they would not eat the bread of apostacy. They died or they fled, but they clung to the faith. In vain, I think, will history be searched for another example of such vast num bers, generation after generation, calmly, silently facing an unhonoured death, without any support on earth but the approving voice of conscience.' NEW BRANCHES AND FitESH LEAVES, The tree of Ireland's faith, whose fruitful branches had extended a salutary, shade to ro many lands, remained unmoved amid' the tempests of persecution that beat against it. But it was shorn of the comeliness which adorned it of old, and many of its fairest b/anches were torn from the parent stem. Shall it be clothed anew with comeli ness, shall it put forth once more its ? leaves ati& branches, its blossoms and its fruit ? We have only' to look around us through the Christian world to day to have an answer to1 thesie queries. '' A faith which never allowed itself t6 be tarnished W heresy or schism, a faith which 'proved' itkel? ev/fc strong and enduring alike in storm 'asin sunsnine,r could not but 'be ' blessed by God!' ' St. Patrick's1 years of bondage were a preparation in the way ''of 1 rovidence for a'heTftvenly mission and 'for a stared' apostolate the grandest that could be allotted' to a1 Christian missionary.' Even so, the seven centuries' or Jinn s hardships and. sufferings appear to haVe been permitted' in the mysterious ways of Heaven to prepare her for a 'glorious arid privileged irifey sion and for a destiny the most' exalted that co'UU' be conferred upon a 'privilegbd people'. ' '' c'-n IRELAND A M^R^CLE AN£ A bs0D,B*. ™?°Ak ft0 Jrelan.A he?self' No soo»er has the period of persecution closed than we see her cities ' and towns, her hills and her plains clothed once more with rehgxous splendour. It has been calcic \- ' I lated that during the past 50 years ten millions of ; ? money have been spent in Ireland m the erection of cathedrals and parochial churches, of colleges and schools, of convents, hospitals, orphanages, and other institutions of religion and charity, and all this has been accomplished through the ' generous contributions of the sons and daughters of St. Patrick at home and abroad. And this marvellous material splendour of the Irish Church, what is it but the reflex of the spiritual bler-sitigs of Heaven ?which abound among her people ? We see on every side piety and virtue in the family circles, the fer vent exercise of mercy and charity in the religious communities, a heroism of sacrifice and devotedness in the ranks or tne ciergy. it *» :«' --' 'iic ^'iiiu's of the public? press that we are to look for the records of the people's piety, but to their daily routine of a virtuous life. On one occasion, many years ago, when conversing with the venerable tmstor of a large parochial district in my former See of Ossory, he remarked to me that his parishioners were most fervent, and that not one of .them was known to die without tho Sacraments, and he added, 'I am confident that every one of them goes to Heaven.' Many a devoted priest throughout the length and breadth of Ireland could give the smne consoling assurance regarding his faithful flock. KEVIVAL OF ANCIENT SPLENDOURS. But this grand renewal of the ancient splendour of the Irish Church must not be restricted to the hills and valleys of Ireland. The missionary apos tolate of winning nations to Christ, bequeathed by St. Patrick to his people, has been revived in a Bingular manner among his spiritual children in our down ay. Their piety, as in the days of yore, shin ing brightly from the rising to the setting sun has brought the light of the Catholic faith to many i ? !„ iM^o micoinn nf f!at.VYnl5p. Trfilani'l. SO Tjre2 nant with the blessings and consolations of Heaven, stands out prominently amid all the vicissitudes and harrowing scenes of the 19th century; and whether men will it or not, the faith of Ireland s sons, like a golden chain, binds the whole English speaking world to God. It was remarked of Greece of old that though subdued by Home, yet by her literature she led captive her conquerors. In some like way it may in truth be said that Ire land, by her religion and her faith, has vanquished Eier persecutors and led many of them captive to Divine Truth. In Scotland, within the present century, the missionary triumphs of St. Columba iiave been repeated, and where a hundred years ago the Church reckoned only a few scattered congregations, we ,see to- day, through the aposto iate of Ireland's sons, a fully-organized Episcopate, and more than half a million of faithful souls. A second spring has clothed England with gladness in our own times, and has ushered in the fairest pros pects and brightest hopes for the future. In the joys and hopes of that springtime the fervent con gregations of devoted worshippers of Irish birth or Irish descent have had no little part. In Canada a fruitful branch from Erin has been engrafted on the old Celtic stem from France, and has already yielded abundant fruit. In the United States the Church has grown with giant growth, and it is mainly due to Irish fervour that religion has put forth an energy and vigour worthy of the early j ages of Ireland's faith, and worthy, too, of the spirit | of freedom, and of the glorious destiny of that great people. In the Argentine Republic, in Chili, and in most other lands, many a Catholic family will be found that looks towards Erin with filial love, and salutes St. Patrick as the father of its faith. TUB CHUllCH IK AUSTRALIA. What shall I say of our own Australian Church, young in years, but vigorous in its growth, and already diffusing around it through the length and breadth of this fair land the blessings and conso lations of Catholic charity and Catholic truth r Has not the tree of faith, transplanted from Erin to these shorep, found here a genial soil, and has it not cast deep its roots and put forth its branches in gladness, and is it not already clothed with comeliness and yielding joyous fruit r At the lioyul J ubilee celebrations a few months ago, the marvellous expansion of the Anglo- Celtic, empire in our own day was the theme of general admiration and euiogy. But far beyond the limits of the Empire the English language has won a widespread domain, and those who study the peaceful triumphs of Great Britain and the United States in the paths of commercial enterprise, fore see for it an ever-widening and unique position among the languages of the world. If the English language, thus chartered for the future, be not ex clusively the language of heresy, to whom does the merit belong ? Is it 'not the merit of the sons of St. Patrick that wherever that language is lisped you will find fervent congregations offering to the Most High their pious anthems of thanksgiving and praise ? out t-rr QnT.TiTTCl?* Ml? Till?. PimsS. Wheresoever the English language holds sway, thither, through the Celtic Soldiers of the Cross, the Catholic Church extends her conquests. If the domain of that language encircles the globe, we may also in truth affirm that the sun never sets on the spiritual empire which exults in St. Patrick's A.postolat°. Here in Australia we welcome the joyous rays of the rising sun, and with what fervour do Australia s children intone me canucies oi iiene diction to the Most High for the glory conferred upon St'. Patrick and or. his chosen Church ? South Africa takes up the anthem of praise ; Ireland and Great Britain re-echo the joyous tributes of thanks giving. And ere the sun sets in the far-distant West, how eagerly and earnestly the millions of | faithful souls in Newfoundland and the United States and Canada pour forth rejoicing their songs of gladness, their hymns ot gratitude, to uoci. w e are told that in the Vatican Council, a quarter of a century ago, no Saint, after the first great Apostles of Our Lord, reckoned so many mitred representa- j tives among his sons as St. Patrick, and it is calcu- I lated that at the present day more than 200 Bishops, 16,000 priests, and twenty millions of Catholics look to him as the Father of their faith. Thus has heaven- begun to show forth the grand and privi leged destiny for which the Irish Church was pre pared and disciplined amid the storms of persecu tion that for centuries rendered desolate ner fair . shores. j THE SECRET 01' IRELAND'S FIDELITY. j And now if you ask me what was the distinctive feature of the singular piety of Ireland's Ajinsde, what the characteristic 'devotion ot Ireland s saints and Martyrs, what, in line, the source of the fruitful apostolate that has extended its heavenly blessings to so many lands, I should at once reply it was the love of Our Redeemer ; it was the realization in the heart of hearts of Ireland's sons of the great mystery nf the Incarnation of Our Blessed Lord. trora. that ' as from a source proceeded their boundless love of the altar and of the holy sacrifice which perpetu ates the presence of our .Saviour amongst us. From that was derived their unconquerable devotion to the Blessed Virgin, who, amid the trials and sorrows which beset, their course, was ever to them an anchor of hope, a star of joy. From that came their heroism of martyrdom, tne sanctity or hie, the truic fulness of their missionary zeal. From that also came their unfaltering devotion to the See of St. Peter, the Divinely-strengthened rock on which Christ built His Church. No storms of persecu tion, no arts of Satan, could separate them from that source of their invincible strength. On the banners of their victory to- day are inscribed St. Patrick's words, as vigorous, as far-reaching, as life- giving as when they, were first addressed by him to his loving disciples : ' As you are children of Christ, so be ye children of Rome.' mu D nnvoinuiTtnv ni; tuii niTHBHRAT, AX!) ITS LESSONS. This love of the Divine Redeemer i« a lesson that, I trust, the ceremony which we celebrate this day shall irieffaceably impress on the heart of each one of us. This shall be the crown of its triumph, the diadem of its joy. The Consecration of your grand cathedral is indeed a joyous festival, n is a least oi special joy to your beloved Archbishop, privileged as he is, to. «ee the toil of many j-ears attain its crowning blessing. It is a day of joy to the clergy and faithful people ot the Archdiocese, who have so strenuously and so perseveringly co operated with him to attain this grand result. It ?.. .. .1.* — ? nC *n.t 4-n 4-\in ..-V.n At A 11: tw.ilion I Hltf/ln Till* every Oatholic amongst us must exult when he looks, with legitimate pride to the beauty of this sacred edifice and to the magnificent and enduring monument which your piety and generosity have raised to the glory of the Most High. And united with us in snirit. the T-ioneers of the Faith who have gone before us, Bishops, priests, and people to-day rejoice. In. sorrow and sadness, yet zealously and perseveringly, they sowed the seed of which we reap the abundant harvest to-day. Exultingiy they lift up their hands in blessing before the throne of the Most High, and joyously they intone their nnnt.inlfis nf t.hankscnvir f* and of nraise for the manifold mercies which God has vouchsafed His people. A PLEDGE OF FAITH AND LOVE. And now, dearly beloved in Christ, one word of exhortation to you before I conclude. Let this cathedral, to-day consecrated to God, be henceforth the centre' of your affections. Around it and its altar be inseparably entwined your faith and piety, your devotion and love. And with that love of your catnedrai nano. on 10 yuur cumuicm ««, o^..-. ? loyalty and devotedness which you have ever shown to Holy Church. The bonds of affection which linked the sons of St. Patrick and the 'Soggarth Aroon' were such as no power ot earth or hell has ever been able to sever. To it in no small measure is due the never- failing vitality and energy of Erin s piety. Cherish this spiritual loyalty as a precious , ? a n,;noincg Vioirlnnm. (-rivfi uroof of it bv oromot ing. within your respective circles, family piety, and the exorcise of every Christian virtue, by guarding the religious education of youth, by encouraging Catholic literature, and by repelling from your i ? .1 ? 1 ? ™nH.n1 n** C»tinlirvWMlC T\lllO 1 j'» S» f.l /'HI SI W1 tll ttOUlcS lll'Joc UllilUJiaA. vl iiitu|,n/i-j pM.v»**\jM-«--'«-' ?? — - which, alas! as with a pestilential deluge, the world is flooded at .the present day. The Catholic Church is on the battlefield in this fair land, and fearlessly does she bear the brunt of the combined assault of all God's enemies. She expects all her sons to rally around her. In every combat, in every trial, such loyalty of her children has been to her a prestige ot victory, ner greatest consumuun, uci dhou^m*, «--?? pride. Australia's destiny. Thus at no very distant time shall be fulfilled the yearning or every iuimiiui netui. amungai/ uo, m^u Australia may become a land of Saints. Oh! miy heaven hasten the gladsome day when, through the virtues of her children, Australia may be saluted by the Catholic world as the joy of Christendi m. the diadem of Holy Church. This is the one ambition, the one great aim to which are directed the efforts, the aspirations of Bishops and pritsts, and so rainy fathful souls. This is the great purpose ot tl e religious splendour with which the grand ceremony, at which we have just assisted, has been crowned. When that joyous day shall have come, then, indeed, enduring in its radiance, perfect in its brightness, and peerless in its glory shall be the aureola which the voice of heaven and of earth decrees to the Apostolate of St. Patrick and his people. Continued on page 9. Continued from page 7. COMPLETION AND CONSECUTION. A STORY IN STONE OF FAITH AND GENEROSITY. THE NOBLEST BUILDING IN AUSTRAL ' : ASIA. .;v. , ' THREE DAYS' FESTIVAL. MAGNIFICENT GATHERING OF PRE : , LATES. PRIESTS AND PEOPLE. ? IMPOSING CEREMONIES AND ELOQUENT ? ? ?????????? ? : ' DISCOURSES. , ? ; ! (By Out Special Reporter.) ? Seldom in the history of a people is it given them to ?' .-witness- an 'event.- 'of such magnitude and so far ; reaching in its effects as that of Sunday, 3lst Oct., . 1897, when St. Patrick^ Cathedral was opened '? with extraordinary pomp and magnificence of cere \- monial detail. How well could the 5000 worshippers ? of many climes and tongues assembled within the ? spacious,: majestic,, and massive pile on-dunday last 'have exclaimed, in the thrilling notes of the fine old Catholic hymn, ' Faith of Our Fathers,' «? Oh ! how our hearts beat high with joy.' Yes! it was a sight in the presence of which even the Infidel, the Agnostic, and the disciple of that modern form of ethics, ' Indifferentism,' could not fail to be profoundly impressed, and feel within themselves that the Catholic Church, in the lan guage of one who, though belonging only to the ' soul of the Church,' has done her much useful service by directing men's minds to the many claims ? she has to their respect and esteem, ' is the grandest ' constitution oh earth.' The work of 50 years was ' fittingly crowned on this day, ever to be remembered ! with, joy and gratitude by the 250,000 Catholics, young and old, of the Southern colony of Australia. THE CONSECRATION CEREMONY. On Wednesday, 27th October, the ceremony of ' Consecration was performed by the Most Rev. Dr. Corbett (Bishop of Sale), who was assisted by the Archbishop of' Melbourne, the Bishop of Dunedin, and the clerg3 attached to the Cathedral. The im ' portant function began at 6 a.m., and lasted till ' close on 1 p.m. In accordance with the Roman Ritual, everything was bared about the sanctuary, &c;, and no person not actually engaged in the ceremony was permitted to remain in the building '. during the Consecration ceremony. It would occupy too much space to furnish details, but a few may be mentioned. A cross composed of ashes ex tended the full length, 320 feet, and across the tranBept, 162 feet. There were twelve Consecra tion crosses affixed to the walls, which serve, as it 'were, as hall-marks of the entire Consecration of ' the building to the service of religion. There were ' twelve brackets for the candles, which were lighted during the cermony and allowed to burn out, after ' the manner of burning candles during Christmas Eve. The brackets are of fine workmanship. The furniture tor trie Jrlign. ivitar j. nave aireauy referred to. THE OPENING CEREMONY. No sooner were the doors of the Cathedral ? thrown open at 10 a.m., than the sacred edifice ; began to fill rapidly. -B,esides the full complement of the chancel seat's, 2000 chairs, half of which were kindly lent by Messrs. Nunan Brothers, the balance being from the Exhibition Building, were soon filled. At 11 o'clock every. available seat was occu pied, there being between four and five thousand persons congregated within the building. The St. Patrick's bells pealed out a merry chime, and the procession of prelates, Monsignors, priests, Papal Knights, &c;, left the sacristy in the following order \- —Knights of St. Gregory the Greac, Dr. A. L. Kenny, Messrs, Archer, and Coughlan (Ballarat) — Sir Anthony Colin Brownlees, M.D. (the Catholic Chancellor of the University), and the Hon. Nicholas Fitzgerald, M.L.C., were unable to^ take their places with the other Papal Knights, owing in the one case to severe illness, and in the other to absence from the colony; next came the Cardinal-Archbishop of Sydney, his train being partly supported by two , Sydney priests and two acolytes, the Very Rev. Dr, O'Haran. being also present ; next, his Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne, followed by their Graces the Arch . bishops of Wellington, Brisbane, and Adelaide, (the venerable Archbishop cf Hobart, the Most llev. Dr. Murphy, and his Coadjutor, the Rev. Dr. ? Delaney, being too unwell to be present), the Bishop of Maitland. Right Rev. Dr. Murray ; the Bishop of Arnaidale, Right Rev. Dr. Xorreggiani; the Bishop ot Goulburn, Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan ; the Coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst, Right Rev. Dr. Reville ; the Bishop of Ballarat, Right Rev. Dr. Moore ; Bishop of Bathuret, Right Rev. Dr. Byrne; the Auxiliary Bishop of Sydney (Right Rev. Dr. Higginn), the Bishop of Grafton (Right Rev. Dr. Doyle), the ' Bishop of Wilcannia (Right Rev. Dr. Dunne), the Coadjutor-Bishop of Goulburn (Right Rev. Dr. Gallagher), the Coadjutor-Bishop of Maitland ? (Right Rev. Dr. Dwyer), the Bishop of Auck land (Right Rev. Dr. ? Verdon), the Bishop of Perth (Right Rev. Dr. Gibney) the Bishop of Port Augusta (Right Rev. Dr. Maher), the Bishop of Auckland (Right Rev. Dr. Lenihan) ; the head of the Syrian Catholic congregation, Rev Father Datidah, the Very Rev. Father O'Farrell. C.SS.R., Rev. M. O'Reilly, CM., the Very Rev. T. Kenny, S..T., and Very Rev. J.' Ryan, S.J. There were about 130 secular and regular priests from the dioceses of Melbourne, Ballarat Sandhurst, and Sale, and the following from New South Wales: Very Rev. Dean Healy (Balmain), Very Rev. ' Father Vincent Grogan, C.P., and Rev. Father Patrick,' C.P. (Marrickyille), Very Rev. M. J. Xreaoy, V.G. (Denil'iquin). Amongst the lav 'Visitors from 'your colony were the Hon. D. O Con :.n-, 'MX CM the1' Hon. T., MrS., and Miss Slut V. SirW.'P. and Lady Manning, Dr. 'and Mrs, aver, Messrs. W. W. VVardell, E. J/J WardeH', T H. Barlow and Thomas Payten (representing the Society of St. Vincent de Paul, New South Wales), J. T. Donovan (Fueeman's Jouknal), &c.; The great congregation ? was stirred— it might be said electrified — with the bursting iorth of the majestic strains of the ' Ecce Sacerdes Magnus,' as the grand and imposing pro cession entered the main door and proceeded up the centre aisle. The s-pectaele was one that will not be easily effaced from the memory of those who were privileged to behold it, recalling as it did the opening of the last Plenary Council of Australia in your capital in November, 189i-. The rich scarlet robes of his Eminence Patrick Francis Moran, Cardinal-Priest of the Holy Catholic Church ; the purple of their Graces the Archbishops and the Bishops from the dioceses of Australia and New Zealand ; fie more sombre habits of the various religious Orders, whose varied dress symbolizes the spirit of their founder; the surpliced clergy; and the typical costumes of the altar attendants, from whose bright, happy faces the priceless pearl of boyish chastity shone forth, ail these spoke in eloquent, if mute, tones of the Divine ideal which the Catholic Church, 'the Mistress and Mother of all the churches,' places before her children for their reverence and , allegiance. All hav ing reached the sanctuary steps, the proces sicn opened, and the prelates, masters of cere monies, and other dignitaries entered. The Pontifical High Priest (the Bishop of Sale) having robed, commenced the High Mass. Coram Cardinale; the asaistunt priest being the Rev- \V. Quilter, (St. Francis') ; deacon, Very Rev. M. Carey, P.P. (lilsternwick) ; sub-deacon, Rev. G. A. Robinson. B.A. (South Melbourne) ; first master of ceremonies, Rev. James Carroll (St. Kilda West) ; second master of ceremonies, Rev. Denis Murphy (the Cathedral). The Cardinal was attended by his private secretary (Very Rev. Denis F. O'Haran, D.D.). The sermon, which nroved to be worthy of the fame of the Apostolic Delegate, was a brilliant and happy theological effort, the burden being the unique fidelity of the Irish race to the faith planted in Ireland by St. Patrick. The Cardinal having returned to the sanctuary, the Pontifical High Mass proceeded to the end, the P-»pal Benediction being solemnly imparted by the Bishop of Sale. The procession having re-formed, proceeded, in the same order as when entering the Cathedral, to the Archiepiscopal Palace. THE CHORAL ARRANGEMENTS. Ample evidence was given by the combined choir of 250 voices and a orchestra of 25 performers ot careful rehearsal and mastery of the Gregorian Chant and Beethoven's Mass in C. The details, though already supplied to your readers, will bear repetition here: — Under the leadership of Herr Steimnetz, the Cathedral choir was strengthened by picked voices from other churches, and numbered altogether lzO. There was an orchestra of 25, under the leadership of Mr. Dierich. The Proper of the Mass was Gregorian ; the ordinary Beethoven's Mass in C, for solos, chorus, and orchestra. The soloists were Madame Gabriella Boema, Miss M. A. Godwin, and Mr. R. Foley, of the Cathedral Choir, and Herr Rudolf Hitnmer (of St. Francis' choir). At entrance of Bishops— 'Ecce Sacerdos' (Stehle); Introitus, ' Sacerdotes tui' (Gregorian) ; 'Kyrie,' ' Gloria' (Beethoven in C) ; Graduale, ?' Secerdotes ejus' (Gregorian). At Collection— Motett 'Tribu- late Deo' (Alblinger) ; organ solo ; ' Credo' (Beethoven in C) ; Offertorium, ' Veritas mea' (Gregorian) ; Motett for solo and chorus, 'Ave Verura' (Gounod); 'Sanctus,' 'Benedictus,' ' Agnus Dei ' (Beethoven in C) ; Communio, 'Beatus Servus' (Gregorian); -'Hallelujah Chorus' (Handel). His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne having taken his seat on the Episcopal Chair— the Cardinal occupying the throne— his Eminence, accompanied by the Bishop of Ballarat, offered his felicitations and those of the Hierarchy of Australia to the Most Rev. the Archbishop of Melbourne on the crowning of his Grace's labours that day, and presented a cheque from the Bishops for £400. Dr. parr then proceeded to the pulpit and gave expression to the deep sense of gratitude he experienced that day to the venerable Hierarchy, the clergy,' and the people, and announced that the priests of the diocese had just given him their cheque for £20S8 10s as their own offering to the Cathedral. He would give £1000 himself Several large sums from the various parishes were announced. His Grace read a cable from the Holy Father conveying the Papal Bene /Unt-inn t-n thp Arr.hhiaho'n. nri&sts.; and neoole. THE LUNCHEON. At 2.30 p.m., at the inyitatjon of his Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne, the Cardinal- Archbishop of Sydney, the visiting prelates, the clergy, and a distinguished company of laymen sat down to a sumptuous luncheon in the Orderly Room, Albert street, adjacent to the Cathedral. The general tone of the speeches indicated in how high esteem and profound respect the illustrious and erudite prelate who rules the See of Melbourne is held by prelates, priests, and laity, the latter including Catholic and non- Catholic alike. THE CATHEDRAL IN THE EVENING For the first time jin the hjstory of the Cathedral was the noble fane brilliantly illuminated by the electric light. The current has been switched on from the vestibule leading to the sacristies, and sheds its silyery rays from the top of the majestic stone pillars. Two incandescent arc lamps throw out in bold relief the magnificent stained-glass window .over the grand entrance facing Gisborne-street The effect of the electric ray on the noble sanctuary, ,'.the throne of the king,' was very fine; The sanctuary itself facing the nave, the floor is con siderably elevated, and it is surrounded by a massive brass railing. In the middle of a broad platform is the new High Altar, a magnificent shrine, erected through the love and zeal of the ladies of the diocese. Based on a foundation of brickwork and concrete, the altar proper is wrought of_ the ' Emperor Red' marble of Barcelona, with pillars of green stone from the Galway quarries, and panelled with mosaic portraits of the Saviour, the Blessed Virgin, and St. Joseph. Upon the altar is a tabernacle made of the finest Devonshire alabaster, ichly carved in the Gothic design that character izes the whole work. The reredos is of red Spanish marble to match the altar, and ia adorned with crystals and' precious stones, while the pinnacle, wl'iidh rises to'a height of 25ft from the 'floor of the sanctuary,' is beautifully carved cut ot alabaster, and highly polished.1 Thrdugh the arch oi the canopy the rich stained- glass window at the back of the altar throws a softened light, and the general effect of the structure is most impressive. The Hi^h Altar, as well as the altars iri the side chapels* comes from the celebrated workshops of Messrs. Farmer and Brindley, of London. The Arch bishop's throne and canopy are of beautifully carved blackwood. ? . PONTIFICAL VESPERS. At 7 p.m. the Cardinal and the other prelates, dignitaries, and priests filed into the brilliantly li'hted sanctuary, and took their respective places. The celebrant being the Right Rev. Dr. Verdon, Bishop of Dunedin ; chanters, the Rev. Fathers Carey, Manly, Fallon, and O'Reilly, with a choir of 200 boys, specially trained by Father Robinson. ARCHBISHOP REDWOOD'S DISCOURSE.' At the conclusion of the Magnificat and the; Antiphons, his Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Redwood,' S.M. (Archbishop of Wellington, N.Z.) delivered the sermon. : ' This is the victory which overcometh' the' world— our taith.' — (John v., 4). ' These inspired words of the Apostle St., John seem appropriate to this grand and unique celebra tion. Whenever the mind of man ' stands in' the;, presence of some great event, some vast result,: some splendid achievement, it is invariably led by; itc miMi tidtnrp ni sufOc mifc nn aflennatfi firmsfi for that event, result, or achievement. Thus in the. presence of the sublime spectacle of the starry; heavens the astronomer sought for centuries, with; patient, untiring observation, study and calculation,; to discover the cause of the harmonious and majestic' revolutions of the stars in their respective orbits,; until at last he jubilantly found it in the world-wide and all- pervading force of gravitation. Comparing; small things with greater, 1 too have asked myself what is the adequate and final cause of the erection of this noble pile— this splendid structure to the honour and glory of God r To my mind undoubtedly that cause is your faith. This great cathedral of St. Patrick, the architectural pride of Melbourne and Victoria, now brought to eo advanced a stage of completion, stands a glorious and enduring monu ment of our faith. Accordingly, my theme this evening shall be Christian faith ; but, at the outset, ? I must limit and define my subject. I am address ing you, not on the nature and properties of faith, not on its necessity, not on its duties, but on its victories. 'This is the victory which overcometh the world— our faith.' No doubt the truths believed by faith are sublime and beautiful, and admirably adapted to all the needs of man ; and I would fain have time to set before you in grand outline that gigantic structure of Catholic dogma, compared with which all the noblest creations of human genius on religious matters sink into insig nificance. I have often compared the productions of unaided human reason on our origin and destiny with the intellectual fabric reared by God, and the effect on my mind has invariably been this : I seemed to behold a vast field covered with sorry hovels, huts, ruins, unfinished and distorted struc tures , and in the midst of all a stately temple uf marvellous proportions and incomparable beauty — Catholic dogma, the contents of our holy faith, rising proud and triumphant over the dreary waste of human systems ; and scanning it from foundation to summit, I have been com pelled to exclaim, 'It is divine, it is divine!' Faith with such a creed deserved to conquer. Its transcendent excellence svas an earnest and a means of victory; but before that excellence could be known and appreciated by man's intelect, accepted by man's heart, and practised by man's weakness, it met with fierce and widespread opposition from the pride, ignorance, and passions of men, both singly and in society. The magnitude of the vic tory was in keeping with the magnitude of the con Mat. The gigantic task before it was the spiritual conquest of the world. It had been poured into the souls of the Apostles on. the Day of. Pentecost; it had been photographed on their minds by the light of the Holy Ghost, typified by the parted tongues of fire on their foreheads, and at the com mand of Christ it went forth to discharge its grand commission: 'Going, therefore, teach ye all nations.' To human weakness the task was utterly immpossible. The Apostle St. John, per ceiving the grandeur of the enterprize, and viewing with prophetic eye the establishment of God's kingdom upon earth, and alreedy a witness of its first conquests, cried out in admiration at the cause, ' This is the victory which overcometh the world — our faith.' Its fiist victory was its marvellously rapid spread throughout the then known world. It is an historical fact clearly and emphatically at tested by every. source of reliable information, both Christian and heathen, that the Christian faith was in tne space or a tew years propagated through, the length and breadth of the Roman Empire, and that Christians were counted by thousands and millions in every land under the sun. Now, this fact, in the face of the countless difficulties and obstacles barring the way of its propagation, is a Divine marvel and victory. Christian faith required its adherents to adore a crucified Jew, when no nation was so despised es the Jewish nation, 'no punishment or death so ignominious as that qf the cross. It' required belief in doc trines sublime, indeed, but impervious to reason, and involving the most tremendous practi cal consequences. It assaijed al| the favourite vices and tasfes of the day. It said to the avaricious, (f lloard not treasures upon earth.' It said to the lewd, 'He who soweth in the flesh, of the ftesn shall reap corruption; but he who soweth in the spirit shall reap of the spirit life everlasting.' It said to the proud, 'He that exalteth himself shall be humbled, and he that hutnbleth himself shall be exalted.' It said to the vindictive, 'If one strikes thee on the right cheek, turn to him the other.' It said to the quarrelsome, ' Love your enemies; do good to them that hate you.' It'said to the super stitious, ' The kingdom of heaven is within yen.' It said to the curious, ' Seek not the things which are seen, but the things which are not seen, for the things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are'eternal.' It said to all in general, 'Love not the world nor the things which are in the world, because all that is in the' world is the lust of the^iesh, or the lust of the eyes, or the pride of life.' It encountered the most deeply rooted prejudices and the most inveterate idolatry and superstition. To the Jews, who expected- a Messiah to come with great worldly pomp, splen dour, majesty, and state— a second Solomon, but immeasurably superior as conqueror, sage, and King — it represented a crucified malefactor as the true Messiah, claiming their adoration, the renun^ ciati&n; of their cherished dreams and national g lor yi and the abolition of the Mosaic rites to which they clung with unparalleled tenacity. To the Roman, proud, of his world-wide empire, his brilliant but utterly corrupt civilization, it held up the folly of the cross, the acceptance of a religion sprung from a Jew, .teeming with mysteries, contrary to his pas sions, condemnatory of his lust for bloodshed in the murderous games of the amphitheatre, and destructive of the worship of his gods, to whom he attributed the success of his conquest; and the spread of his name. It met with the unrelenting opposition of the powerful and the ?wealthy, of the. idolatrous heathen priest hood, p'f the philosophers, poets, orators, and, above all, of the despotic emperors who were the sacred ?embodiment, ofj the. idolatry,, pride, and appalling vicesof the age. ,,; 'To bring this more vividly home to your minds, allow !rhe,- an' illustration. Transport yourselves in'faricy to the banks of the Tiber eigh teen hundred' years ago. ?', See that fisherman of Galilee, just arrived. at . Ostia with a few Jewish companions oh their way . to Rome, and ascending the river in. a bo.at suggestiye of the former calling. Nothing.in him strikes the^ej'e save his pale visage, his curly beard, his wayworn garments and poor sandals.. On reaching the Porta Navalis, he sits for a moment on a milestone and descries the Capi tol, that compendium of ancient Rome, and the Golden Palace, that gorgeous mansion of the power, pleasure, and crimes of the,C-Bsars. A pagan ap proaches. '^Stranger,' he says, ' may I ask what errand brings, you to Rome ?' 'I come to an nounce the. tr.iie God, and the true God is a crucified Jew.' ' Indeed !? a God become Jew — well that 'is a 'novelty ! You belong, then, to that strange race which liyes; down along the Tiber, and which we ha,ve ? laughed at so long. What is your rank or .station. ?' 'I have neither gold, nor silver, nor eloquence, nor credit, anJ I come to teach men to despise, as I do, riches, philo sophy, power and death.' ' What a strange school ! Surely the rich will scout you !' «' I come to wean them from those treasures which rust and thieves destroy. The rich and the poor will alike believe me.' ' But the philosophers will jeer and mock you.' ' I come to bend their understanding to the yoke of mysteries, and teach them to quell their passions. The philosophers will be my docile disciples.' ' But Caesar will not suffer a change in the religion and morals of the Empire.' 'I come to strip Crcsar of the Sovereign Pontificate, and I will degrade his ances tors from the rank they have assumed among the gods. I will destroy the temples where, in the name of so many gods, you adore so many vices.' 'And you believe that Csesar will tamely bear your injuries ?' ' Coesar will put me to death, but another Cfesar will embrace mj religion.*' 'What.! yuu picLciiu lu cxeatc a ince iiuu iiuve BuuctMUrs : 'That race shall spread over the world, and my suc cessors shall be enthroned in the Capitol.' 'And for many a day, no doubt?' 'For ail ages.' 'The poor idiot !' exclaims the Roman, as he proudly walks away, ' would any man have ever thought that folly could come to this? He sincerely believes what he says.' That lowly, despised Galilean is St. Peter, the first Pope, and the message he brings to the world is Christian faith. And that faith has overcome the world, for ' this is the victory which overcometh the world — our faith.' Faith, in the person of Peter and such as he, came to the foot of the Capitol. She accosted the slave, not with the sword of Sparatacus, but with the Gospel and the Cross, saying to him: 'Obey your masters.' She met the ruthless slave-owner in the forum, and said to him : ' lie just and humane to your slaves, for they are your own flesh and blood, and you have a Master who hears their groans, and will avenge their cruel treatment.' She met the crowds issuing from the circus, and she preached charity to barbarous men and women, and boys and girls, who had just been gloating for hours on human blood shed, and frantically applauding lions and tigers and panthers, gorged with the reeking flesh of gladiators. She preached purity to human brutes that the mere representation of vices was unable to satisfy, and that required to see them in action on the stage, ashamed of its own abominations. She approached the wealthy, whose morals, parties, banquets, spectacles, were the horror of Nature, and she announced to them that ' it is harder for a rich man to enter the kingdom of Heaven than for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle.' She sat beneath the chair of the conceited philosophers — Roman, Greek, Oriental— :who busied themselves in gathering intp pne electiic system all the errors, of the Old World-r-that is, the rnaxirns of pride., pleasure, and selfish interest, and she said, to them : ?5 Cease your vain efforts ; now you must believe what you cannot understand— the Trinity, the In? ' carnation, the Redemption — you m,ust crucify you,? pampered flesh, and humbly bend your k.nee to a crucified Jew.' She entered the very palace of the CiKsars, trampled on their altars, degraded thern. from the rank of gods, and told them that they must soon die, and be judged for weal or woe eternal by an all-holy and all-uowerful Judge. With concentrated rage they answered : ' No ; thqu shalt die, and all the base sectaries of thy vile superstition.' ' Diethoii shalt,' echoed the unanU mous voice of slaves, masters, rich men, phAlaso? phers, and emperors. Mind and might were leagued against faith. Celsus and Porphyrius attacked it in the name of philosophy and criticism ; Tacitus branded it in the name of history as the enemy of the human race ; Pdny wielded' the sword to slay it and the pen to defend his dealings with it in the eyes of his master, the Emperor Tajan. But, as re gards the faith, Taj an was a Nero. The current literature which stigmatized it was but the expres sion of society which condemned- and scouted it. For three centuries the empire was deluged with Christian b'.ocd, rand Rome put forth all her might, genius, wealth, and craft to drown faith in a sea of blood. It was pursued in town and country and desert — it hid itself in the dreary gloom of the Cata combs. All the wpe'B'of the empire were laid to its charge. If an earthquake occurred, if the lightning smote a temple or a theatre, the cry was, ' To the lions with the Christians i' and frightful tortures followed. Nay, Christians were commonly known by the name of the instruments of their torture — men called them ' wretches of the rack, or the gib bet, or the. pile ' (Tertullian). Neither age, nor sex, nor rank, nor services rendered to the Commonwealth, found mercy before the tyrants! Twelve million Christians are said, on the lieBt authority, to haVe died martyrs for their faitlV during the ten chief persecutions in the space of ? three hundred years. At length, in this tremendous struggle, faith seemed conquered and the triumph of heathenism secured. The Emperor Diocletian had medals struck and pillars erected with the inscription, ' Christiano nomine delcto.' ('The Christian name abolished.') Vain illusion ! Ab surd flattery ! Why, it was paganism which fell, ?while faith shouted victory. Ten years after Dio cletian's miserable death faith rose triumphant from theC atacombs, and in the person of Constantine sat crowned with victory— immortal victory — on the throne of the converted Oscsars. ' This is the vic tory which overeometh the world — our faith.' And ?what instruments did faith use for so glorious an achievement? Men such as I have described St. Peter, men without any adequate human means. Poor, weak, illiterate, meek, humble, despised men — ?'lambs among wolves,' as their master called them — rich in nothing but in faith, and in hope and charity, which spring from faith, rich in a living faith which 'worketh by charity,' rich in faith able to work stupendous miracles, rich in faith which the Apostle calls ' an admirable light,' rich in charity which is strong unto martyrdom and death, they went forth, at their Master's command, to be ' the light of the world' in the darkness of error, and the 'salt of the earth' in its deepest corruption. There was no natural proportion between the work undertaken by faith and its ?immense result, and, therefore, the spread of Christianity, the victory of faith, was entirely Divine. Because, unless the Apostles had known for certain that God had Bent them, their attempt at the conversion of the world would have been the height of folly, and, therefore, an impossible supposition ; and because the conversion of the world could be determined by no other motive than the certain and evident appre hension of truth, since prejudice, custom, passion, interest, everything was against it. Evidence alone could induce assent, the evidence of miracles such as none could gainsay. And, finally, because God's grace supernaturally subdued and illumined the hearts of men ; for even miracles do not extort assent, and require for conversion the interior and efficacious prompting and assistance of the Holy Ghost ; so that a miracle of the moral order was Divinely wrought in favour of faith. ' This is the victory which overeometh the world—our faith.' The rapid spraad of Christianity was one victory of fftith ; its preservation down to our day in another equally glorious. Catholio faith, as held by the only Catholic Church, now spread throughout the world, perseveres morally the same for eighteen hundred years. This is shown, positively, from the fact that in this same society of the Catholic Church we go back from the present generation without interruption unto the Christian era ; and, negatively, because we have the unimpeachable historic record of the rise and founders of numerous sects, and the exact time of their separation from the Catholic Church, whereas there is not the shadow of a record to inform us of the Catholic Church having been ever separated from a more ancient Chris tianity. Now, such a preservation is a manifold miracle and a series of victories. First miracle and ?victory ; its preservation from destruction, arising from its own duration and universality ; for it is the natural condition of things human to fade and fall away with time, and to decay the more rapidly in proportion to the rapidity of their rise and ex tension. But the Catholic faith, so quickly spread , throughout the whole world, had no adequate external force to keep the members of its social body together. How, then, could it persevere in tact and universal for so many ages ? That was evidently the work of Qol's right hand, Who, hold ing all times and places in His all-powerful and provident sway, ordained (1) that the constitution of His religion should be perfectly accommodated to all times and places and conditions of mankind, and (2) that in every time and place He would subdue by Hie grace and assistance the minds and wills of men, although that religion always and everywhere runs counter to man's corrupt nature. Second miracle and victory : Its preservation from destruction despite the want of those natural means whereby false religions are wont to subsist and continue. As a false religion cannot stand by the weight of its own motives, since falsehood is a weak and rot ten foundation, or rather no foundation at all, and as it cannot claim or have the assistance of Divine protection, for the God of essential truth cannot favour error, its preservation for a more or less ex tensive duration musfbe ascribed only to human means, whether purely so or greatly assisted by un holy spirits. Accordingly, it may pander to human passions, or its adherents may be confined to some out-of-the-way region, cutoff from wholesome com munication with other men ; or it may be held by a stagnant race in which genius flags, the spirit of in quiry is extinct, and intellectual torpor prevails, or it may be propped up and fostered by State protec tion, or maintain its votaries by sheer force ; or it may resort to dissimulation and adulteration, or de cline controversy, or sophisticate and quibble, or fraudulently corrupt and deny historic facts ; or, being devoid of solid arguments, may enforce silence by organized coercion. But no such charges can fairly be brought against the Catholic faith or religion. Surely, as everybody knows, it is no pander to human passions ; its followers have free and open intercourse with all na tions, exhibit a marvellous intellectual activity, and promote immensely the cultivation of science, arts, and literature ; its means of propagation are persua sion alone, and over and over again it meets with no support, but direct persecution from the rulprs of the State ; it solves objections, not by dissembling its doctrines, not by bending them to complacently suit the whim of natural reason, but by a series of solid principles and invincible arguments ; it courts honest inquiry and 'bona-fide discussion, is always ready to give its opponents a reason for its claims, and dreads nothing so much as ignorance ; neither does it impose silence on its contradictors by impe rious coercion, but readily and patisntly hears and weighs every reason of their doubts or misgivings, proving thereby that it is actuated by the pure and sincere love of truth, and has unbounded confidence in its own unfailing life and endurance. Could there be a greater contrast between it and any sect or religion which assails it ? Third miracle and victory : Its preservation from destruction against the natural peril of its own constitution. Catholic faith, by the Divine obscurity of its mysteries, offends the pride of many rcinds, and constantly affords occasion to the lovers of novelty to broach all sorts of opinions ending often in a swarm of heresies. Catholic faith, by the inflexible authority of its moral precepts, angers and exasperates the wills of men impatient of any yoke, and hence necessarily arises a multitude of scandals. Catholic faith admits the existence of num bers of Bishops equal among themselves and subject to the Roman Pontiff ; it admits ecclesiastical dignities, which brine: with them great honours and often considerable emoluments, and, moreover, are elective. Hence, as history relates, ambition and cupidity have before now engendered countless factions, intrigues, and rebellions. Again, Catholic faith professes the Church to be a perfect society, independent in spirituals from all autho rity of civil rulei's, and supreme in its own order. Hence a fruitful source of jealously on the part of the powers that be ! hence their frequent and stub born endeavours to usurp the ecclesiastical power and combine it with the temporal ; hence no end of storms and struggles, no end of schisms. And yet, despite all these obstacles, the constitution of the Church, the embodiment of Catholic faith has remained substantialy inviolate; nay, its rights and prerogatives have become more and more conspi cuous ; the spiritual power of the Roman Pontiff has been splendidly exalted, and to-day there exists a union between the Bishops and the faithful and the Pope more close and admirable than in any preceding century. Surely the hand of God is there. Fourth miracle and 'victory : the preserva tion of Catholic faith in all its integrity against the assaults of innumerable foes. Early in the first centuries many able and subtle adversaries strove to pervert it. Gnostics, Marcionites, Ebionites, Manicheans, &c.; Posterior to the third century a cloud of heretics arose— Arians, Donatists, Nes torians, Pelagians, Eutychians, Monothelites, Icono clasts, and others without number, to which, later on, succeeded the Albigenses, the Hussites, the Wicklintes, and especially the swarms of Protes tant sects in the sixteenth century. Lastly, the Jansenists, Deists, nationalists, Agnostics, Libe rals, and Socialists, who have assailed the Catholic faith, by speech and publication, by sophistry, by malignant calumnies and endless scoffing, by cor ruption of Scripture and History, by scientific in vestigations, &c;, &c.; And yet, instead of the unity of faith being shaken by these indefinitely varied attacks, it has been afforded a happy occa sion to set itself forth in a brighter light by clearer definitions and the victorious unravelling of sophistry to the complete refutation of error. And hence has arisen a marvellous display of unity of profession on the part of Catholics throughout the universe, despite their numbers, their dispersion, the vast variety of their genius, language, manners, and governments, and their posi tion among heathens, heretics, and schismatics. Fifth miracle and victory : The stability of Catholic faith against every kind of persecution. I have already spoken of the ten persecutions of the first three centuries, but how many others has every part of the world endured in the succeeding ages? What did not Catholijs suffer under Julian the Apostate, and from 'the Barbarian hordes, from Mahommetans ?— nay, alas ! from Catholic kings and emperors ? What in the last century from the san guinary storm of the French Revolution ? And who is not aware that, in our day, the foes of Catholic faith have formed nefarious societies bound by un hallowed oaths, to spare neither means, nor money, nor power, nor craft to utterly subvert the Catholic religion? This mj-stery of iniquity ia ever on the forward march, and, with incredible skill, directs every political event of importance to that wicked purpose ; but the great engine, everywhere em ployed, in State monopoly in education and conse quent Godless schools. And yet Catholic faith has triumphantly weathered all these storms and come out purer, brighter, and stronger than ever ; it con tinues to spread more and more, and in many re spects was never |so flourishing as in our time, and, let me add, in our fair Australasian colonies. Nay, these tempests have caused the sanctity of the Church, the zeal and fortitude of the Pontiffs, the love of the faithful towards Christ and His mem bers, the patience and longanimity of the Saints to shine forth with additional splendour, while the lukewarmness of many has been shaken up, and, by the succession of Apostates, pestiferous limbs have been advantageously lopped off, to the greater health, vigour, and strength of the social Catholic body. Sixth and final miracle and victory : The admirable ways in which Divine Providence has opportunely come to the assistance of Catholic faith in every variety of circumstance. Many furious onslaughts have, against all apparent hope, been suddenly arrested either by the death, or the down fall, or the conversion of the persecutors. God has invariably provided the needful and copious supply of learned doctors to refute error, of powerful and devout kings to protect religion, of religious Orders accomodated to the times and necessities of the faithful, of zealous pastors and saintly men and women whose efficacious example has vastly pro moted faith and morale. When the barbarians invaded the Roman Empire, God Himself, to pre vent the utter destruction of civilization, prepared all the elements required to tame those rude and fierce tribes, gradually imbue them with the spirit of^the Gospel, and so create Christian Europe. Like the ocean the Church repairs on the one side her losses on the other. 'When she lost certain nations who were torn from her maternal bosom, like England, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, she gained more numerous adherents elsewhere, and so never ceased to be numerically universal ; and any attentive reader of history has no difficulty to perceive that Divine Providence, fulfilling the promise of Christ to be with His Church for ever, has always directed every event towards the reign of God upon earth, by the diffusion, preservation, and corroboration of Catholic faith. What a splendid array and series of victories, which are the forerunners of many more unto the consummation of the world ! It has no parallel in the history of mankind ; it stands out with incomparable magnitude which they who run can see. This indeed is the ' victory which over eometh the world— our faith.' And now has not every Catholic good reason to be proud of his faith, and you, my brethren, more perhaps than any on this great day of your splendid celebration ? Ah ! you belong, most of you, to a race of faith, whose victories for and by faith form one of the brightest pages of Church History. No sooner was the Church established in Ireland than the report of its faith, like that of the Romans so praised by St. Paul, went out unto all the world. Wonderful was the introduction of the faith by St. Patrick, because it was watered by no martyr's blood ; wonderful was its spread throughout Europe when Ireland became the far-famed Island of Saints and scholars, and Apostles of the faith ; and the restoration of Christianity in Europe, after the fearful invasions of the Barbarians, was largely the work of their missionary, zeal and heroism. But still more wonderful has been the preservation of that faith amid trials unexampled in the course of history. You know the glorious story. Patrick's work was right well done. He left his children a touchstone to discern the false from the true. ' As you are my children,' he said, ' so be ye children of Rome.' When therefore, a new-fangled wor ship came and preached to them hatred of Rome, they shrank from it in abhorrence, as from the evil one. It is keenly painful for an honest Englishman to turn over the blood-stained pages of English History, which in regard to Ireland are the record of wrong and crime for three hundred years. Yet stern impartial truth obliges me to say, with no excitement of thought or imagination, with no rhe torical exaggeration, that for centuries England treated her sister kingdom with unnatural barbarity. And why ? For this simple reason -.—England had apostatized from the ancient faith, and she was resolved that Ireland should apostatize also. Accordingly, she framed the most sanguinary enactments for the destruction of that holy faith, which for a thousand years had been the glory and salvation of the British Isles. These laws were directed with calm, quiet, well-pondered determina tion, to the extinction of Ireland's faith or the extermination of her people. They are without a parallel in any Christian land, and are matched only by the orders of Nero and Diocletian : ' Christiani ad hones! Christiani non suit!' — 'Throw the Christians to the lions, let Christians cease to be !' A striking phenomenon of this closing nineteenth century is the spread of the English tongue. Un fortunately, when the English language was form ing^ Protestantism made it its own peculiar pos session. Hence the wonderful spread of the Eng lish tongue would naturally have meant the diffu sion of Protestantism and a corresponding decline of Catholicism. So sure of this were men sixty years ago that, when bigots were disturbed at Catholics building new chapels in England, Oarlyle consoled them thus: — ' Popery can build new chapels— welcome to do so to all lengths. Popery cannot come back any more than pagan ism, which also lingers in some countries. But indeed it is with these things as with the ebbing of the sea ; for minutes you cannot tell how it is going ; look in half an hour, where is it ? — look in half a century where your Popehood is !' Now, look how Providence has belied this inapt pro phecy. As in the land of bondage, as in the temptation through the wilderness, as in the captivity of Babylon, God formed a people to be His witness in tlie ancient world, so now in the furnace of persecution God has tried and tempered a people to be His witness to the faith in the new ?world which is to be. Driven by misrule from their homes, the Irish race, the children of Rt. Patrick, have scattered over two hemispheres. They have poured into the large cities of England and Scotland, into South Africa, America and Australasia. Whithersoever they go, their priests accompany them ; wherever they settle the spire and the cross arise hard by the presbytery and the school, convent, and college. In their new homes, despite many drawbacks, God prospers them in behalf of the faith which persecution has knitted into their minds and hearts, and the best they liave — God bless them !— is never too good, for God. There is the explanation of this grand Cathedral. Carlyle, thou cynic, short-sighted scoffer, the half century is over, and where is our Popehood now? Look around you, not to the old Catholic countries, nor to the old Catholic races — look to your own people and your own tongue, Never was the Papacy so strong as it is to-day ; all- honour to its loyal subjects of every nationality and their noble serviceo to the Church in every clime ; but cer tainly a very large share in this magnificent result loyalty to the See of Peter over the seven seas, and have won respect for it in the very gates of its enemies. Once more the words of St. Augustine have been verified: — 'I hear them saying of the Church every day that she soon must die, and every day I see her bury them;' or, as our great Catholic English poet says: — She is doomed to death, but fated not to die.' ' This is the victory which overcometh the world — our faith.' Cast your eyes around and see the contrast. In our day false religions are being found out and are breaking up, dissolved more and more into fragments and dust ; belief is vanishing and rank materialism is the creed of millions. ' Let us eat and drink and be merry, for to-morrow we shall die.' But God has His trusty witnesses in the midst of Babel confusion and hopeless chaos, and nowhere more so than in the Irish people, to which most of you belong, either by birth or descent. You come to this fair land with your belief in the super natural, and your hope in the future, You build 3rour churches, and your churches remain ; you build your schools, and they remain and prosper; you build your palatial colleges and convents, and they remain and flourish. And so you are here to- day, in your thousands, celebrating the completion of this grand monument — this magnificent act of faith. All honour to you ! The work you have done is truly great, and you may and do feel legitimate pride in its completion. The rich with their wealth, the poor with their hard-earned wages, the widow with her mite — you have reared this splendid edifice, the pride and ornament of this beautiful city, to the glory and worship of God, for yourselves, for your children, and for many generations yet unborn. All honour to your faith and devotion ! All honour to the noble Archbishop who presides with apostolic dignity, learning, virtues, and success over this great province ! Your presence, my Lord Arch ?- bishop, forbids me to attempt elaborate eulogy; but this much I will say, you are proud of your people to-day and they are proud of you, and, with them. I congratulate you warmly on the achievement of the great object for which you have worked so long and so well. All honour to 3rour saintly predeces sor, Archbishop Goold, the founder of this noble structure, whose faith was his prompter, and whose reliance on the generosity of his flock his hope and support in the arduous commencements of this vast undertaking. Doubtless to-day, from the throne of his glory and the seat oi: his rest, he sends a Heavenly message of congratulation and love. And 'what shall I say of that worthy, unassuming priest, Father Fitzpatrick, whom you all remember with mingled regret, reverence, and affection, whose very life, for the third of a century, was identified Avith the erection of this magnificent cathedral ? The event of this day must thrill his very ashes in the tomb when he reposes so near us, while his glorified soul has additional joy in Heaven at the triumphant result of his life-long exertions, un failing hope, and unconquerable perseverance. All honour to the excellent and devoted clergy of this Archdiocese — secular and regular — who have so nobly co- operated with their great leader to achieve this complete success. All honour to the clergy of the other dioceses of this ecclesiastical province, whose generosity deserves an almost equal meed of praise. All honour to the laity of Melbourne and Victoria, for without the laity what can the clergy do ? All - honour to the laity, old and young, rich and poor, male and female ! You are the rank and file of the great Church militant, and to you, under your dis tinguished leadership, belongs especially the victory of this great day. Nor will 1 forget to thank and congratulate all those generous and liberal persons ? of other denominations who have helped to erect this imposing monument, and I am sure that God '- ?will bless them for contributing to build this house of prayer, this temple of God, this focus and centre of true Christian progress and civilization. In fine, I congratulate all, without distinction, who have had any share in the conception, prosecution, and achievement of this grand work— this glorious Cathedral of St Patrick, whose faith it will per petuate. And do thou, O blessed Patrick, who dost enter solemnly into thy full possession tO'day, look down with complacency and love, and invoke upon it and its worshippers unto all time the choicest blessings of Heaven ! The eloquent and gifted pulpit orator rivetted the attention of a congregation which exceeded, if anything, the vast concourse of the morning ser vice. The choral part of the Vespers was in keeping 'with the other portions of the imposing ceremonial, the organist, Mr. Charles Sykes, proving himself a master of the splendid and enlarged grand organ. The Proper Vespers of the Sunday were rendered as follows :—-« Domine Ad Adjuv'andum' (Vit milliiini— — ? iii.ii -in. .i.i toria) ; Antiphons and Psalms for alternate choirs ; Hymnus, ' Placare Christe' (Gregorian) ; Mag nificat (Palestrina) ; Litany ; ?« Ave Verum' (Gounod) ; ' Tantum Ergo' (Father Schmidt) ; 'Laudate Dommum' (Ortiz) ; « Adoremus' (har monized) ; the magnificent ceremonies of the day being appropriately concluded by the dear old hymn of thanksgiving, the 'Te Deum.' 