THE XWringul $nalf ia1L, WITH WHICH 1S INCORPORATED FRIDAY. MARCH 26th, 1897, IT Is not long since public attention was directed to the conditions under which fever-stricken patients, and persons suffering from other forms of infections disease, are carried to their destinatiol lby thie Railway Department. The case which brought the question into prominence was one in which a mother and her child, both victims of typhoid, were conveyed from Warragul to Melbourno under circumstances involving considerable hardship conse quent upon the removal of the cushions from the compartment and the imposition of a financial penalty representing the value of eight single fares. Another case of a similar character has since occurred in another part of the colony and it seems that steps are now to be taken to inquire into the existing methods of transit with a view to introducing a more satisfactory system. The Warragul incident was brought before the notice of Dr. Gresswell- Chairman of the Board of Public Health at the tinie of its occurrence and he has recently written to the Railway Department requesting permission to thoroughly investigate the present methods. The object, of course, is to protect the public health, and judging by the local case under notice, he will doubtless find ample scope for suggesting a radical change. He will certainly protest against patienis enduring a painful journey seated on the uncovered boards of a railway carriage, and will probably discover that the practice of compelling invalids to pay eight times the usual fare is more calculated to endanger the health of the community than to protect it. It is, in fact, a direct incentive to people to evade the regulations by travelling surreptitiously instead of reporting their condition to the stationmascerand payingan exorbit ant fine as a reward for their frankness. Instances have frequently occurred in which the lines of a whole compart ment of passengers have been jeopar dised by this discomfiting practice, and although such conduct cannot for a moment be condoned, it is neverthe less a result for which the existing conditions are chiefly to blame. If it is necessary to make any additional charge for infected passengers it should certainly be of a reasonable character and not take the form of an excessive penalty which, initself, defeats the very object it is intended to serve, In this direction, therefore, Dr. Gresswell will find scope for suggesting an improve ment, and having- removed the incentive to ignore the regulations, he can consistently recommend the adoption of stringent measures cal culated to minimise, if not entirely prevent, the possibility of the com munication of disease through travel ling on the railways. An entertainment of a novel nature will be given in the Warragul Public-hall this evening, and every.item to be produced will touch the risible sensibilities of those present. The " Morse Family," which numbers seven -fOur being mere children-purpose placing a novelty in the way of a variety entertain ment on the boards, and, as most of the numbers are new, and thoroughly rehearsed, we have no doubt that they will be well rendered. The first portion of the pro. gramme will consist of character songs, duets, trios and quartettes, in which several dances--fancy and otherwise-will be given. The little ones, who take a fair share in this portion of the concert, are natives of War ragul, and have for some time been under the able tuition of Mrs. A. C. Lewis, who has devoted a good deal of time to them with the result that they have exceeded her most sanguine expectations. The latter portion will introduce a very laughable comedietta, entitled "Uinder the Rose," in - which Mr. and Mrs. Morse and Miss Morse will sustain the characters. Of this latter, we need not speak, as the well-known dramatic abilities of the trio taking:part should ie a!guarantee of its success. Mr. J. L. Parkes will act as stage-manager, and Mrs. A. C. Lewis will preside at the pianoforte. A fine night should ensure a bumper house.: While an duty as the Neerhim sports on Wednesday, Sergeant Fowler, of Warragul, met with a nasty accident owing to his horse stumbling and throwing him somewhant heavily to the ground; Mr. E. J. Fowler, of the Orient Hotel, kindly assisted the -Ser geant to his home where he was put to bed at once, suffering, considerable pain in his back. - - .. ..: SAttheLicensing Court. held t- Wairagul on Tuesday, Mr. J, L. Parkes applied for, and obtained an actioneers licence, On Tuesday afternoon a horse and cart belonging to-Mr. Jennings, baker, was left standing outside his shop at the north end of Smith-street. Getting impatient of standing alone, the horse started off round the corner of the allotment, which adjoins the shop. In doing so the cart wheel caught, the post and overturned the cart, and the horse plunging about in the meantime, came in contact with the barbed wire with which the fence is contructed, and sustained several deep scratches. The practice of fencing off vacant allotments in the township with a barbed wire fence adjoining a public thoroughfare, whatever may be its merits from the owners' point of view, is certainly to be deprecated by the public wayfarer, tor serious accidents are sometimes narrowly averted by pedestrians, through accidentally tripping, or otherwise coming in contact with the dangerous points of the wire. On a dark night this element of danger is considerably increased. Little children, too,playing in its vicinity are especially liable to injury. A conversazione in connection with the Anniversary of the Wesleyan Church, and the farewell to the Rev. A. P. Bladen, will be given at the Public Hall on the 6th April. With the exception of intermittent rhen matic pains which occassionally trouble him, Mr. M. Dwyer continues steadily to improve We are glad to state that Mr. Walter Kelly, who is in the Melbourne Hospital is progressing as favourably as can be expected considering the nature of the injury which hlie has unfortunately received. Thenew advertisement of Meosrs Mauntz and Sons, cash buyeys of all kinds of pro duce, will be found in :another column. Their representative is now in the district. MIr. E. W. Witton will sell at the auction room, Drouin, sletock and implements for Mr. Anderson,--Set adet. The Rev. A. P. Bladen, will soon be leaving his charge in Warragul, in consequence of his new appointment py the Wesleyan Con ference, to Pyramid Hill. The reverend gentleman has only two more Sundays in Warragul. The Rev. A. E. Gifford will deliver his farewell discourse in the .Wesleyan Church, Drouin, on Sunday evening next, and will move to Swan Hilt, his new sphere of labor, the following week. The smallest town in the world is the miniature place known' as Steward City, Alaska, its three inhabitants being respec tively, mayor, chairman of the board of alderman, and president of the common council. One of the largest and most enthusiastic gatherings that have ever been held in the Lardner Presbyterian Church, assembled there on Wednesday evening, to formally welcome the Rev. Hunter to' his new sphere of labor. Songs were sung by several ladies and gentle men and address were given by the Rev. Win, Parkes, Rev. C. H. Hunter the Rev. A. P. Bladen rand other gentlemen. A fuller report will appear in one next issue. Auctions sales are advertised in this issue by Messrs. H. Hansen, Parkes and Round and E. W. Witton, of Drouin.-See advertisements auctioneers columns. Mr. J. B.. F. Davis representing Messrs. Allen and Co., Ltd., Music Warehouse, Melbourne is now visiting Warragul.-See a0rr. In this week's issue of-" The Australasian" will be found another collection of photo graphs of local interest illustrating, the pro cess of regrading the Victorian railways near Warragul. Two interesting' cuts, show .the road being "pulled over" and removing the ballast. The frst salmon trout caught at Deep Creek, Lancefield, is pictured, and slips of kinetoscope films are reproduced, showing themethod of creating the moving scenes. Tillage in Queensland is illustrated by a fine view of Green Hills Farm, near. Warwick, with a six-furrow plough, two-horse driller, and a four-horse harrow at work. - The North Frisians are very unmerciful to people who don't marry. One of their legends say that after death old maids are doomed to cut stars out of the sun when it has sunk below the horizon,- and the ghosts of the old bachelors must fix them up in the sky, running, like lamp lighters, up and- down a ladder all the night. The amount of gold received at the Royal Mint for the week ending 20th inst., was 17,000 ounces, and the value of gold coin and bullion issued during the same period was £111,2609. After such a crushing blow as the finances of this colony suffered at the collapse of the Land boom, it takes several years of hard work for the people of -a young country to regain their normal condition of prosperity. Signs of improvement, however, are visible already, and should Sir George Turner's anti cipation of seeing the revenue equal or exceed the expenditure be realised the confidence in thelfuture will be greatly enhanced. Successful mining has done much to make up for disasters in the harvest fields, and if both interests are rewarded with prosperity this year we may consider that the colony has finally passed from under the cloud of de pression. During the last great famine of 1877-78, £700,000 was subscribed in the United Kingdom. During the eighteen years since that famine (leaving alone all previous bleed ing), Englind has added to its wealth from India, some four or five hundred millions. Sir George ,Turner is fired with two ambitions. His first ambition is to see that on the 30th of June next, Victoria shall have a surplus to her credit and the second is that he may be able to pilot through: the Victorian Parliament a bill that will give a Federal Constitution to the whole of Aus. tralia. He believes that both will be accom plished. One 'of the inmates at the Castlemaine Benevolent Asylum is a monogenarian named John Dunne- who was born in Sydney in 1802. The Castlemaine branch of the Australian Natives' Association sent a com plimentary ticket to the .old man to enable him to attend the A.N.A. banquet. A statement showing, the allotment of the seventh annual contribution of £126.000 by the colonies for the cost and maintenance of coastal defence has been prepared by the'De fence department. The proportion is based ,on population-the total estimated popu lation of the group of Australian colonies being 4,323,168. The contributions are allotted as follows :-Victoria £34,243 ; New South Wales, £37,8205 ; Queensland, £13,762; South Australia; £10.499 ; Western Australia, £4,021; Tasmania, £4,841; New Zealani, £20,814. The payment is due on the 3lst inst. The question of developing the Victorian timber resources has been under the purview of the Minister of Lands for some time past. He recognises that an importanIt industry may yet be establishedin the exportation of local timbers, and had intended to refer the question to a sub-committee of the Cabinet. What remains of the Cabinet is, however, so well engaged, that no further work can well be undertaken. Mr. Best has come to the conclusion to have the timber question re ferred to a Royal commission to be shortly appointed. S" 1 think the magistrates do very wrong in overruling generally technical objections. They should allow them, but should tell the attorney who raises such objections they will give him no costs, and that he may have the matter adjourned to cure the irregularity. If they did that we should soon have an end of those objections and applications for orders to review, and cases would be fought out on their merits."-Mr. Justice Hood in the Full Court the other day. A shortage in the lamb crop means a heavy loss to New Zealand. The number of lambs to be sent out of the colony this year is ex pected to be 200,000 less than last year;s ex port. Considering that 200 good lambs sold in the Addington mnrrket, according to the " Canterbury Times," at from 12s 7d. to 13s 2d. per head, this means a large sum of money. NEws ?'Ro EPsoN oN DEcBY DAY not only causes a thrill of intense interest among sporting men, but it causes a flutter of excitment throughout England, as many people take an interest in it who on other occasions, have no sympathy writh racing events. So it is in cases of illness; when strangers are the victims, we feel no anxiety, but when a friend or relative is stricken down, we await news of their progress with impatient suspense. Many letters of thanks are written daily by grateful friends, or the sufferers themselves, for the benefit received through Holloway's marvellous medicines They have been asource of relief in al most every known complaint. The 1'ills give tone to the stomach, increase the appetite, and aid the digestion, whilst the Ointment, when absorbed into the pores, prevents disease from having a fatal in tluence upon the system, 