POINTS. ? i i A [By Nbbdib,] Selection Without survey, Adelaide chosen For the Convention gather/us, Tho jgljOOCUtolen at Coolgardio mil. way ittition recently was — well, wns anything but stationary, During performances at tho Forth Town Bail, a fully plnd flroman nmy be seen doing duty. But whoi'o is the water F A correspondent nalm i— ' Wl\y hb a rule, the ' Army' eoldioru wftlk aw»yP' H'm ! can it be on aooonut of the war', cry. Mother . » Johnny, why did you noj- tell mo that yon wore naughty af school ('? Jolmny i ''Tlen'tbeit to tel1 women everything.' Mrs. i ' Am I still ' the star of your ife.1 ns I was when you met] to mho lovo letters to me ?' Mr.i 'Ofcourne, lear.' Mrs. s 'I don'fc seem to be drawing a star salary, though,' Between the combiuod threats of the abbreviated rainy day costumes and the hoop nklrt, the anticipations of the slender woman are wot happy ones Russia offers Bervia 120,000 rifles oa ilok. Serviu wants a later pattern, bo Russia is met by Servlas refusal, Bervia right—I wean, servo yor right. ' You do not deny that all men are created freo and equal F' ' YeB, I do, Only two men were, created free and equal, and ono of them, air, was a woman,' ' Well,' said tho Insurance man, an he finished reading 'Romeo and Juliet,' 'thatfH another of these Preferred Mutual Accident Associations wo hear about now,' Lord Notasont (moodily) i ' I dream* last night, Jamoj, that 1 had plenty or money.' Tho valet (eagerly): 'An oo was th' 'appy H'amerlcan glvl, we ludf' Perth Photographer i 'Your aon ordered his likeuoss from me.' ' It is certainly very much like him. Has ho paid for it Fft 'Not yet.' 'That Is still more like him.' The following, not too bad, took place in Jumes.atreet last evening. Parent t 'Tommy if you don't oomo insido this minute, I'll sniaok your face,' Tommy i ' Qavn, ef I don' come in, how kiu yei1 r Tho Quoen has outlived all the peers who were in the House of LordH at the beginning of her reign, Tho senior member of that body is tho Karl of Mansfield, with a ilfty-six yotvrs1 record, 'Harry, before we were married, yon begged mo to go hand iuhuud with you down lifo's pathway,' 'Bo 1 did.' 'And now yon get mad when I nak you where you go without mo flvo nights in the week,' It would be Interesting to kuow if tho fines inflicted intho pollco court -'o paid with any dogreo of regularity. I ;hink that Trafflcinepector Word and Inspector Lander oould both, lilso tho ghost in 'Hamlet,' a talo unfold, Twenty-nino thousand troops aro to line tho London streets during tho Queen's Dramatic Jubilee celobratloim, I wonder, does this number include tho Perth volunteers, who at Enstor-tldo opened their sardine tins with their sabres P Complaints appour in tho Melbourne papers as to the neglected state of tho ate Baron Yon Mueller's gravo, The Government Intend erecting a monu ment, and placing a rail around the tomb, They couldn't well do lose. Even then it is only a barren honor to a faithful sorvant, As she jumped from her biko in the terrace, dusting her boots with a swish of silk mouehoir, she exolaimod i— ' I liave wheeled more than 00 miles since dinner | what do you think of that F' 'Groat font I' lio surprisingly ejacu lated, 'Sir,' sho almost hissod, nnd turned away with a malign hauteuv j nor has she spokon to him slncu, Whon (v pair of red lips avo npturuod t° youv own, With no one to gossip about it j Do you pray for oiidurauco to let them alone F Woll, maybo you do, but I doubt it, Whon n sly llttlo hand you're permitted to seize, With a volvotty softness about It i Do you think you can drop it with never a Rcjoeze, Well, nuvybo yon can, but I doubt it. On the occasion of a recent collision on a- Victorian railway line, there wore two men Bitting oppoaito to oaoh othor in a seconcl-cliiBH . carriage, and when tho shook came one of them was thrown with great violence against tho other, and ho, thinking ho wiib assaulted, commenced pummel ling hU twsnilanfc with great vigor, until stopped by the innoeout aggros boi-'b cries of— 'Stop it! you bloomiufj idiot! I didn't hit yor, It's a col lision, The village bUoksmttb was standing under tho eproading chestnut truo, There woro no sparks flying from tho foigo, and he did not look chenrful. ' I hate to spoil that pleco of poetry,' lie musod regretfully, 'but 1 vo got bills lo pay tho same nn my body oIho, If something isn't (long pretty soon to bring horses back Into popular uso, there'll bo nothing left for me to do but shut up shop and go into the bioyole business.' A by-law is in force In an Amorlcnn city to tho following offuut i— ' Who. ever, whilo riding uny bicyclo or trityclf, fchsll sit in/ib&nt; form, l«nn. intf forward with hln op hoi' himd inclined so as to prevent a perfect view of persona on or crossing any of the streets, thoroughfares, or public pluocH in tho city, shall bo deomed guilty of a misdemeanor,' A similar law passed in Australia should, wo think, do a-way with many proventablo accident*, An Atchlson man recently asked a girl to marry him, and though nho had beeu £itting up nights with him for six months, 'she roplted that aha would notify him of l»or answer by mail, After spending a week in suspense, ha re ceived ft letter from liov, 8,000 worth in lougth, In It sho explained )wv }x-*l. tion on the tobacco qmutiot), uUtml what sho had always ndvo:«U-l m tlia boat kind of baking povnhv, \o\\(i h\m that it was with a feolinp; of de«p gmtU flcatiou that, she accepted (thn hemw h« had done hov, and hoped thai Kh-? vnmUi always faithfully proarrvo tho fvadi« tioBB of good hoiuekcopiiifft «te, K« was nearly dead with oxhfumtlon wWi ho reached tho postoript which iwd ; ' You are bo full of pohtlos, I thought it might ploaso you to bo accepted liku the candidates nccopt their presidential nominations,' 