TOLD AT BANCANNIA. [FOR THE MINER ] GEORGE, the clay-faced man, was fired out of the hut keepership at God's End when old Hurst died, and he got a job tankwatching at Bancannia. He bitterly resented the firing out, not because of his 13 years' sevi- tude, but because he had been used to raise his ghosts at God's End, and Bancannia is full of rocky rises and rugged scrub, and hasn't a plain on it big enough to hold ghosts of the clay-faced man. There was a big drought, and the old man and myself were sent to watch Bancannia Tank. At about 8 o'clock at night, when the edge of the sun had gone down and the first long flute of the dingo had sounded, our work commenced. From the dingo note silence for half an hour, and the little rust red boobook hooted plaintively for a minute or so and then dried up disgusted. After him a dull rushing of hoofs on the flat ground, succeeded by the cautious climbing and descent of rises, and the wild-eyed Gulf cattle-of no use to God or man - came near to the water and bellowed pitifully as they saw us guarding it ; our own cattle, destined to become horns and hides and frozeu meat and dividends at the freezing works, watered respectably before dusk, but these foam-flecked maniac beasts of the scrub, these things which had sex-a thing no meat beast should have-were afraid until the night came, and all they had was their independence, for we took all sorts of care that they didn't get any water. Shooting them was too troublesome, so they were allowed to die of thirst or in any other natural manner, according to their individual taste or fancy. So these scrubbers came to the entrances of the fenced tank, and seeing us there they went away a bit and all night moaned them- selves to death. The moaning is so awful that before I got used to it I would have given them my blood to drink if it had been of any use ; but after a time I got accus- tomed to it and we used to have stone-throw- ing matches at 'em. So they held off 20 yards or so, and moaned till nearly daylight. Then they went away, and we used to find little tracks of slime about where they had licked the stones and the dust in the mad desire to lick something. We were sitting at the tank one night, and George was very snakeheaded. He cursed the foulness of his pipe in every way he could think of or invent on the spot. He had walked for fifty yards around the tank, and couldn't find a grass stem with enough sap in it to be strong enough for a pipe drill ; and at last he smoked matches and drew all the filthiness on to his tongue, and evidently into his speech also. He started cursing Hurst and his silly daughter who frightened Irving dead, and he cursed Bancannia Tank and its soupy water; and wound up with a eulogy on God's End, where there was a plain big enough to manoeuvre all the ghosts in the world, and where No. 3 bore spouted half a million gallons a day. So to get him off his grizzling, which was quite as bad as the moaning of the thirst- smitten scrubbers, I said to him, "There ought to be enough water at that God's End bore to work all the hydraulic rams in Melbourne" George pulled his pipe again and spat bitterly. "A man would have a soft job at God's End, wouldn't he ?" I hazarded again, not certain with what amount of contempt this old hand regarded me, who was a new man. "There ain't no soft jobs," said Old George ; " none what's worth 'avin' anyway. And 'bout them rams you wus talkin' of, I onct knoo a ram, an' 'e wus no soft job. This yer ram couldn't abear flowin' water, an' why fore 'e wouldn't drink at no stream an' no bore an' no any place. Well, 'e wus a big- priced ram-the cove bought 'im at Mort's, down the Sydney side, wen imported rams wus dear, an' 'is price made a collision with two thousan' quid. Well, 'e wouldn't drink, an' wen they brought 'im to a creek or a bore he'd buck an' tear an' raise 'ell, an' 'e'd maa-a-a like an Irish town full er billygoats, and the wust of it was 'e wus so expensive. An' he got that low they thought 'e'd die, an' that meant two thousand quids' worth 'er good gettin' ram- for ha was a big framed cove, altho' 'e 'ad notions-turned inter stinkin' bull mutton, an' all they 'ud get outer 'im 'ud be a nine and sixpenny pelt, maybe, if they took the trouble 'er skinnin' 'im. " Now, if the cove what owned 'im 'ad 'ad any gumption 'e'd 'ave sold 'im and let somebody else water the nice beast with a syringe ; but this cove knoo more uv tottin' figgers than breedin' lambs, an' 'e wouldn't sell It was the same cove started cattle breedin' on that coast country at Port Darwin, an' that there country stinks uv pleuro. They told him of it, but 'e talked through 'is 'at about bein' near to a market, an' the beasts died in hunderds, an' the market was still there, but not a hoof to take to it. An' all the time just over the ranges tbere wus the best Mitchell grass country you ever see. " Well, so with this 'ere ram. The cove talked about his big gettin' record, and the ram was costin' all the station was worth in hanxiety. Bimeby a coo chap kem up. 'E'd bin a blue-water shipman, an' 'e 'ad to clear when the other feller died. So they ast 'im if 'e'd like a soft job, an' 'e said 'e would ; an' they guv 'im a digger's wages fur waterin' the ram. 'E thought 'e'd got a daisy billet-and so 'e 'ad while the tank at the 'ome station lasted ; fur 'e uster take a bucket uv sweet water to the pen at night. "But the big drought kem, and there wus nothin' but to take an' water the ram at the engine pump, because at this time the big billabong wus dead salt, and they uster pump it through charcoal an' then inter the troughs. Well, when the snake' 'eaded ram saw the water runnin' inter the troughs 'e snorted and ramped, an' tied 'imself inter knots ; an' this yer gardless chump of a shipman 'ad ter lead him. "The ram 'ud put that cove to all sorter worries. 'E wouldn't drink if the water wusn't in a bucket, because 'e 'ad been stall- fed in the old country an' only led round now and then. Gord knows why they stall- feed 'em in Hingland. I s'pose because the country's so small the sheep 'ad fall off if they didn't anchor 'im in a stable. An' this ram wouldn't get out of 'is bucket ways ; for, as I wus tellin' yer, 'e wus a nice brute an 'e 'ad a ton uv notions. An' wen he couldn't get water 'andy, the noochum 'nd take a bucket an'lead im to the trough! ; an' as soon as that ram saw the water ; runnin' outer the pump Vd woggle 'is little joke of a tail an' let out for enywhere. The noochum 'ad to folly 'im, an' 'e waited down about 121b. in three weeks folly in* this dam rain a'l over the face of the eirtb. And then the ram eren refused the bucket, and tho noochum 'e begun to curse 'is soft job. 'E struggled with the ram for tm» munee of a bad drought ; an' that noochum 'ad grit in 'im ; an' then oro day the ram an' the jackaroo wus missin' ; an' abonb three days after that we found that 2000» quid ram with the crowB playin' cat'e-cradTa on'is eyes, an' the jackaroo 'ad left'is twa munee cheque and gora Cord knows where." ' Ihe clay-faced man's pipe sputtered fonl nesBes again for a minute, and then ha added, in all the bitterness of a man with » dark-brown taste in his mouth : " I wonder if tho shipman eooicided over the ram, or if 'e got away to a ship agen?" I did not answer him, and we smoked till the scrubbers pave up the tatk as a bad job, and moaned themselves over the stony rises to death. A million of tiny shrieks came out of tbs sky as the shell parrots flew north for their wintering, hiding their departure frein ; their enemies-the hawks-by night travel- ling. Coldness began to move in the air, anet became damp and chilling RB it gathered something from the tank. Then the dawn strode up, and our watch for the night was BANDOLPH BEDFORD» _ The wife of a laborer named Petermin, living at Morebath, near Tiverton, ha« just presented her husband with their twenty fifth child. Shis is a record for.Devonshire. " Papa, I wish you'd whip me." " Whip you, my son ! Why should I whip you!* " Because when you whip me mamma gives me some jam." 