O U R 8 T 0 R Y . CHRISTABEL'S CONFLICT. (By the Author of " Tyborne," in the Catholic W'orhl.) CHAPTER III.— (Continued). "What harm can they do me, Herbert ? I have lived with nuns, and met plenty of priests ; they've done me no harm. As regards the nuns, they did me a great deal of food." "That's quite a different thing. You would be in the midst of their snares now. I want to arrange for you to stay with the Holts for a while, until we can be married." " What can you mean, Herbert ? I would not make my home with the Holts." And I added bitterly: " They won't want me now after this disgrace of Caroline's, and in fact, Herbert, I am sure your family would not like your going on with the en gagement." " Nonsense, my love ! You really exaggerate the thing. It will not be noticed in the papers ; I have read the announcement — it appears only in the usual marriage column. It is your uncle's act that is of importance. But now, my Christabel, listen : I have written to my father, and I believe matters can be arranged that I shall succeed your uncle in this living, and, dear, we can marry at once and the home you love so much will be yours for ever." For ever ! How the words struck on my ear — for ever ! — in this fleet ing life whose chances and changes I was making sore acquaintance with that very day. " But " continued Herbert, " of course this cannot be unless you break off all connection with your uncle. You must in every way re pudiate his act." I sprang to my feet. " Forsake my uncle ! " I cried ; " why he has been a father to me ; I will never do such a thing ! " (( TVT T t /A an t C krtrfo Kol ' ooi/l T-T or bert, " be reasonable. As my wife how could you keep up relations with your uncle. Do you suppose I shall have any intercourse with him after the fatal step is taken ? " " Then let all be at an end between us," I said haughtily. " I will not be your wife on those conditions. Moreover, I believe he is right and you are wrong ; I have seen it for months, though I have tried to shut my eyes. You abuse the Church of Rome on one hand, and yet ape her on the other. You shudder at the name of Martin Luther, and yet you reap the fruit that he has sown." So Herbert and I parted in anger, and I went to my room to sob and weep bitter, bitter tears over my vanished happiness and my lovely lost home. IV. The Bishop's answer came spee dily. The parish was put into other care and my uncle was free. He wen i immediately to London, and poor Aunt Bessie, half blind with crying, began to take an inventory of all the furniture and linen, as all was to be sold. I was glad to help her. Oh, what a shadow had fallen over the house ! Herbert never came near us. I now learned from Aunt Bessie how very badly off we should be. About one hundred a year would be the amount of my uncle's and aunt's private property; I had twenty pounds a year until I was of age — as an officer's daughter, my father having fallen in action — and there were the boys to think of, one at Rugby and one just gone to Ox ford. My uncle had sunk nearly all his capital to produce an income for his wife after his death, to revert to Caroline and myself finally ; . his benefice was worth just £ i ,000 per annum. What a destruction of hopes and plans were around us ! A week passed away. Herbert wrote to me, begging me to recon sider my decision and let him see me. I refused. Then my uncle wrote to say he had been received into the Church, and had taken lodgings in a cheap neighbourhood. He begged aunt and myself to join him. So we went. Shall I ever forget the. first sight of those wretched lodgings ? — the tiny parlours opening into each other and the bedrooms above ; the common, ugly furniture ; the draggle-tailed maid of all work to wait on us ; the red-nosed, loud- voiced landlady ; the narrow gloomy street. But soon I forgot the sur roundings in gazing at 'my uncle. Such a look of rest, of unearthly peace was on his dear face ! Such a tone of joy in his voice ! We were close to a Catholic church, whither my uncle went every day. The priest of this church had been a college friend of Uncle Joseph, and he had invited hinVto copy for the Press some old crabbed Latin MSS., and uncle was glad to have something to do, and earn a little. Aunt at once put herself under instruction to this priest, and I used to sit by and listen. I was in a strange state of mind. I had no attraction or drawing what ever to the " Church of Rome," as I still called our holy mother. I did not care a jot for ceremonies. I thought Herbert, in his white sur plice, the most delightful sight that could be seen, and I loved the Eng lish services and singing for his sake. But straight was the gate and narrow the way that lay before me, and as the priest spoke to my aunt and answered her questions convic tion forced itself into my mind. I saw there was but one Church — holy, apostolic, universal, infallible ; but my soul revolted against it. My aunt's simple, gentle nature was soon convinced, and she was, of course, well inclined to believe that the path her husband had chosen was the light one, for she had looked upon him as her guide in all things ; but neither he nor Father Dalton would allow her to take the step unless she clearly knew and believed in Catholic doctrine. She was re ceived into the Church, and the look of peace came on her face too, and she was strengthened for fresh trials. There were dreadful scenes with the boys. Walter had just begun his first term at Oxford — all his future hopes were dashed to the ground ; and Alfred loved his school and could not bear to leave. Their position as sons of a well- beneficed clergyman was lost ; their father was now a poor, obscure, un noticed convert, despised and dis liked by those who once honoured and admired him. Walter spoke bitter words to his father, and Alfred shed the tears which are so seldom forced from a boy's eyes. There was nothing for Walter but to accept a situation in a merchant's office at seventy pounds per annum, and this was obtained with great difficulty by Catholic friends, while Alfred had a free place at Stoneyhurst College. It was cheaper for Walter to live with us. He hated his work and his squalid surroundings; at meals he was silent and morose ; and when ever Father Dalton called he walked straight out of the room. So time passed on and I took no step at all. I read books on the other side. I had many conversations with dis tinguished clergymen of the Church of England, but nothing satisfied me. These books and clergymen did not agree — even those of the same " school," as it was called, differed immensely. Once I tried an experiment : I wrote to twelve clergymen of the Church ©f England to ask what was the true doctrine about the Holy Eucharist. Each sent me a different answer. I wrote to twelve priests — each one answered me in almost identical words ; there was not a shade of difference between them. Still my heart was in revolt against my reason. Then the consequences of my uncle's conversion pressed on me. The summer heat came on, the lodgings \vere more and more wretched, and the food -was very rough. I lost appetite and felt ill and downcast. I would not remain a total burden on my uncle's means, so I gave some French and German lessons in what was called a " Young Ladies' Academy." The pay was miserable and the pupils pert, vulgar, and stupid. I had no genius for teaching and no spirit to throw into it, so I toiled on in the stuffy, close room, and my brain whirled around. Behind our lodging-house was a small yard, and at the end a shed in which laundry work was carried on. Aunt Bessie heard our landlady lament the sudden defection of one of her best ironers, and she told her that as far as frills, collars, and cuffs went she could undertake them, for she had always superintended fine ironing at the rectory ; her services were gladly accepted, and Mrs. Clark got more work of the kind, so much was my aunt's skill admired. So thus my dear, humble aunt toiled away. Oh ! that long, weary summer in London ; how I longed for fresh air, for our shady lawn and distant blue hills, and the deep shadows of our woods ! Last sum mer's shadows stood before me like ghosts ! v- Summer and winter wore away, and the spring came on. One day I received a letter from Caroline, the first she had written. We knew that during the winter Sir George had died, and that now Caroline was Lady Colborne. Caroline wrote to invite me to dinner and to stay the night. After dinner Caroline said: "Just go into that inner room, Christabel, and fetch me a photo you will see on the table in a silver frame." I went. I saw no photo, but . a form rose up out of a corner and drew me to him — it was Herbert. " inristaDei, ne said, "my own love ; let this bitter separation end ; I cannot live without you." "Now, dearest," he said, after a long talk, " our marriage can speedily take place. You can be married from your sister's house, and there will be no occasion to break off from your uncle, as I proposed last year. You know I spoke in haste and under the influence of a great shock and alarm. I see now how my brave Christabel has resisted the snares cast around her. And then, my dear, things are changed. Your uncle was an important man amongst us, and I naturally thought he would be a great man among them ; but it is not so, he is nothing, quite obscure and half- starving. I am sure he must regret his step by this time, and will prob ably come back to us." " Well," I said, without thinking, " he can't become a priest, as he has a wife." Herbert winced, so I spoke on quietly : " Then you won't ask me to forsake him ; and really I am but a burden on him unless I go out as a governess, and he won't let me do that." "It is all settled, darling. You stay here, and we will be married in a few weeks." "But, Herbert, listen to me. I do believe that I think they are in the right, but I drive the thought away ; I am not religious — you know I never was — but if you were to argue with me" — "Nevermind, darling," he inter rupted. " Never mind ; it will be all right. I see your sister in the other room ; let us go and tell her what is settled." Caroline was delighted, and em braced me ; neither she nor Herbert would hear of my going back to Shaw street. On the following Friday I was with Herbert in Bond street, and he proposed our stepping into the Gustave Dore Gallery. We were on the threshhold, and had paid for our entrance, when a voice was heard beside us, " Glenour, is that you ?" We turned and saw a portly clergyman panting for breath. " I caught a glimpse of . you arid ran after you," he said to Herbert. I want to see you particularly; can' you possibly spare me an hour — half an hour even ?" glancing at me. Herbert whispered to me : " Chris tabel, this is important. Would you wait for me in the gallery ?" I went and sat there breathlessly ; my whole soul was moved within me- The picture before me represented the battle between St. Michael and his angels and Lucifer and his army. Victory had come, and Lucifer, not black and hideous as generally repre sented, but grand and gorgeous and clad in golden armour, was con quered and lay on the ground, his golden armour all besmirched — yet splendid in his fall ; his army, all so strong and splendid, lay strewn beside him — not one was standing. St. Michael stood on rising ground, his hands clasped on his sword, look ing up to heaven. God made use of that picture to touch my soul. I rose up and fled from the room, and as I reached the outer hall I tore a leaf from my pocket-book, wrote a line on it in pencil, and asked the man at the bureau if he would give this to the gentleman who would return for me. I had written : " I return to Shaw Street, and will write from there." When I reached Shaw Street I went straight to my_uncle, who sat at his writing desk in a small, close room. I threw myself on my knees beside him and said ; " Uncle Joseph, for give me." He put his thin hands on my head. " My child," he said, "I have nothing" to forgive. I know you are going through a cruel struggle, and 1 have kept silence. I knew I could not help you. Alone must we face the cruel agonies." Then I told him all, and his wisdom Qtirl fonn ornocc r>ftnor\lor1 ma VI. Some bitter days followed. I had to write to Herbert and to Caroline. I did not mind much her scornful answer, but it was a trial indeed to read Herbert's reply. I had broken again the link that had so suddenly rebounded. The way in which he wrote of my uncle and of the Church excited my strong indignation. It was like pouring hot water on a rose tree. He killed my love. But oh ! it died hard. That hot tide burned and scorched and shrivelled up my heart. I did not need much instruction, for I already knew and believed almost all the Church's teaching. . I received a letter from the superior of a convent begging me to come and stay there, and I went and spent some peaceful weeks in that dear place, with its beautiful church and pleasant grounds, and I grew calm and resolute and at last made a retreat, and for the first time learnt the wonderful help and light that holy exercise gives. At its close I was received into the Church. . The nuns asked Aunt Bessie to stay with them for a few days, and my uncle remained at the Jesuit College, close by the convent — so both were present at my reception, First Communion, and Confirmation. My soul was filled with peace, and in my case the conversion was, if I may so speak, a double one. First, I was converted from heresy to the one true faith, and then my heart was turned from the things of this world to my Lord and God. But I do not mean to say that I was p'unged into ecstasy, or that T no longer felt the cross. When we returned to Shaw Street the lodgings were as squafid and stufty as before. Sally, the maid, was no ( Continued on page 12.) (Continued from page 4.) cleaner, nor the cooking less rough. Aunt went back to her ironing and uncle to his copying. Of course, I as a Catholic, was not eligible for the Young Ladies' Aca demy, but I found a situation as daily governess with rather better pay, and so I worked on. The kind nuns never rested till they got an invitation from the family of one of them for Walter and Alfred to spend their holidays in a pleasant country house, and during that time Walter had an offer from Lord Layton, whom he met there, to go abroad for a year as companion to hi son, who was delicate and ordered to the Continent. And Alfred came also for a week, and we found he had be come very fond of Stoneyhurst, and was glad to return thither. My dear uncle and aunt were much cheered by all this. So the boys went, and life rolled on as before. We heard nothing from Caroline, but we learnt that Herbert, who was ordained, had taken possession of St. Mary's cum Mortley, and his cousin was married. The news did give me a pang — but I felt regret ; my Herbert, as I had believed him to be, was dead and buried. Some years passed by. Walter was still in tne continent, ior tne change did young Layton so much good he settled to -remain there some years. Walter, however, remained a Protestant. He had insisted on sending some of his salary to his parents, and we were going to move into somewhat better lodgings, but always in the same neighbourhood, for Father Dalton supplied my uncle with several MMS. Few of them were ever printed ; the copy was a device of the kind Father to give my uncle occupation and a slight re venue. But at length my dear uncle's health began to fail. A cold settled on his chest and he gradually faded away. I wrote to Caroline, but she re fused to come. Walter returned in time to see his father and gladden his heart by the news of his conversion. He knelt beside the bed and said : " Father, forgive me ; forgive my shameful conduct ; now I know all your conversion has won for me." ' And Alfred came and told his father how he felt called to try his vocation as a Jesuit and was about to enter the novitiate, and my dear uncle gave thanks to God, for all his great goodness and mercy. One day in the midst of a very hot sum me-, the end came. All the last sacra ments and blessing had been given. Uncle Joseph slept a little and wan dered in his sleep. " The fields are so green," he said, and how the water sparkles ! I hear the ripple of the brook." HP Vi an kn Tiro c pf 1 1 1 tai o nrbi 1 d onn i Hi/ vvao OLiii iui. a >v uiio nuu began again : " He shall lead them by the living waters — they shall see His face." His breath seemed failing and the last prayers were said, and when the priest had finished those wonderful supplications, and paused for a min ute, the gentle eyes of the dying man unclosed, he looked upwards, and from the feeble lips fell these words : " Thy rod and Thy staff, they have comforted me." And then the spirit took its flight. I stood beside him after he was laid in his coffin, clothed in the white habit of a Tertiary of St. Dominic, and with the rosary round his fingers and the crucifixion on his breast. I thought how different would have been his surroundings had he died Rector of St. Mary's cum Mortley 's, with all the luxuries that could have been obtained, with crowds of in quiring friends ; how t! e country gentry would have come miles to his fu :eral and seen him laid in the vault beneath the chancel of his own church. I thought of all he had given up — his pleasant home, his i position, the church and people he loved. He had been an excellent preacher ; he liked to preach and to officiate. All had been given up, and he had borne poverty, obscurity, contempt, hard treatment from his own sons, neglect from her to whom he had been as a father, all without a murmur, yea even with joy ; and he died in a shabby London lodging, and would be buried in the quiet corner of a Catholic cemetery. And as I stooped to kiss the cold white forehead some lines I had often read flashed into my mind as applicable to my uncle, and not only to him but to the many other Protestant clergy men who in the prime of life, or perchance in old age, given up com fort, wealth, or at least competence and position, at the call of their Master. Men reck little of them ; those they have left after good services done insult and abuse them : " fools esteem their life madness and their end without honor — but their lot is among the saints." So I drew the white sheet over the dead face of my dear uncle and said to myself : " There — it is over now, God's be the glory ; Ye who have heard it, Forget not their story." — Catholic World. 