One of the uiaet striking featnrca about the present political straggle is the almost entire absence of what ma; be described as conscious nit end humor, in contrast (0 the plentiful supply of the unconscious variety of pleusantry noticeable in many of the speeches made, and also to be found iu tlie reports of the proceedings of the numerous meetings now being held. The candidates and their more imme diate enpporters for the most part wear a distressing air of sadness. As tbe iuimorte! Ben Joqbob remarked, every politician seems to be ' out of bis humor.' The conteBt is being con ducted with a deadly earnestness of purpose on the part of tbe candidates to win a seat on the lnxurious leather benches of the Assembly sufficient to carry them through a battle with the Boers, the Chinese, or some other formidable foreign foe. A Parliamen tary candidate of the modern type is not far from synonymous with a per ambulating statue of solemnity, pro foundly occupied in manufacturing electioneering bullets, and scheming bow best to make ' much ado about nothing.' In framing speeches; tbe aspirants for Parliamentary honors appear to have entered into a conspiracy to avoid importing the faintest suspicion of a gleam of humor to brighten and lighten their statistically- loaded and history weiglited remarks. The complaint that the average election speech is not as entertaining as Lamb's essay on ' The inconvenience of being hung' is not altogether nnrccsonable nor without foundation. At previous general eltP tions tbe demand for ' straightgoers,' ' honest men,' ' old and faithful representatives,' and otber political prodigies, has been loud and long. This tima there is a plaintive appeal for tbe appearance of a cheerful politician. A man who could convince the electors that he has a spark of gennine cheer fulness about his oharacter would stand an excellent ohauoe of being re tnrned at the top of tbe poll. What is there more mournful or saddening tbau to bear a candidate haranguing the electors on the gloomy prospects of his own chances at the ballot bux ? Mr Hartnoll, for example, takes an extremely depressing view of the result of his candidature for Launceston. Nobody doubts the accuracy of his pre science on this occasion, bat why should be exhibit this strange hankering to meet defeat half way t If htcklod on the subject he would probably quote Shakespeare and explain that ' It is a melancholy of miae own, ia which my often rumination wraps me in a most humorous sadness.' Lord Pal msrdton once observed that ' no man cao agree with everybody: the man who does agree with everybody is not worth baring anybody to agree with him.' Mr Hartnoll eaem-j to have struck out at' the beginning of this election to disagree *fth everybody; and more pirf-u)Brly with the ' othev 2arjdid;;fc_-s competing with hjr# for the Launoeston s^atB, and especially with what be describes as 'one section of bhe Press,' jyhjch we interpret bb a playful and harmless allusion to our selves. As far an we know we have only sinned against Mr Hartnoll in pointing ont the shooking inaccu racies with which his opening speech at tbe Milton Hall a few weeks ago teemed. It was the duty of every well-informed newspaper to put him right when he misdirected the electors on that oooasion as to how they Bhonld vote under the Hare system. That he totally disapproves of a method of election about which he entertains a strong belief that it will nos permit him to take a seat in the new Parliament is not unnatural. But much as Mr Hartnoll ia to be sympa thised with in his loss of hope, and dreary forebodings of impending evil, he cannot be allowed to go about without restraint politically tomahawking every body and everything with whom and with which he does not happen to agree. The electors will not be deceived into mistaking bis policy of scalping hie nnnnnanfi tnv nnlifmo nnr \cill 'f-.tiovr be inclined to vote for a candidate who has not put forward the ghost of an idea as to what lines the government of the colony Ehould tun on in the future. But the unconEcious humor of thifi general election is not confined to the whilom member for South Lann ceeton. The Hobart candidates, of whom there are a round dozen, exhibit Borne origioality in the manner and matter of their appeals for support. Mr Crisp has taken to addressing crowded and cheering audiences at the Ebenezar Chapel, a line which stands out ia violent contrast to Mr Fulton, who pitched his moving tent the other night at the Royal Hotel, and is reported to have been, with ominous significance, vociferously cheered ' on retiring.' Of Mr Hiddle stone it is said that he made a ' humorous ' speech, but not one of his ban molt was given space in the newspaper that recorded this interest ing fact. Mr Muloahy, who has de scribed himsslf as an ' irresponsible ' member, looks npon a man with a large family as ' a public benefactor who ought to be encouraged.' At Fingal Mr Davies is alleged to have produced some ' candid' faots in support of his contention. One correspondent, tele graphing on nomination day, conveyed the information that ' the late member for this electorate was returned un nnnnRprl ' Annr.hp.r hnR Bnrro- eRr.Arl r,hnh members should be paid ' by results,' but unfortunately be omitted to say what kind of results or how they should be calculated. One of the candidates for the seat of a constituency lying to the north-west denied that if elected be would be found 'sitting at tbe feet of Gamaliel.' As there happens to be only one member of or candidate for Parliament answering to that name, and ub he sits in the Upper Houbc, it is superfluous for an Assembly candi date to explain that he will not be fonnd in the undignified position mentioned. The Usher of the Black Bod would take very good care that no member of the lower regions took the liberty of spreading himself out on the carpets of the Council in tint fashion. Perhaps tbe mo3t sparkling piece of unconscious humor is the candidature of Mr Oollctt against the Premier. The West Devon electors appear to be entering into tbe joke with vivacity, and they will doubtless continue to get all the fun they can out of the sitnation until polling day, when they will become eufficientlyaerious to step into the ballot box and vote for the man who pulled tbe colony out of tbe hoje into which it had fallen. One of the aldermen of Hobart is a oandidate, and bis style of explaining to the electors of that city what to do when voting under the Hare system is decidedly original : ' As it is compnlsory,' he says, ?? to vote for three, do it in this way : If you want your own Tommy Dillon elected, place 1 opposite his name on the ballot paper ; 2 opposite the name of your second favorite ; and 3 opposite your third favorite. By bo doing you will place your unchange able Tommy at the head of the poli.' If the candidates have been uniformly serious and correspondingly dull they have, with one exception, steered clear of downright Ecnrrility. The only mud du iaL juicij bu Bbiuji mud bue eicubiuu is over was that thrown at Deloraine on Thursday night. The colouy will look to the enlightened electors of that constituency to do everything possible on the 20th to wipe out that stain, and refuse to give an opportunity for its repetition within tbe walls of Parlia ment. Mr Urqnhart is a Parliamen tarian who nnblushingly lays claim to a phenomenal 'gift of tbegab,'toadopt an expressive if vnlgarterm. The candidate for Montagu puts forward as one of his special qualifications as a legislator that he can talk a column of newspaper copy in seven minutes, that is on ordinary occasions, bnt when he is own euphonious phrase, he can ' do ' a column in six minutes. Now inasmuch as the fastest of public speakers rarely exceed 200 words a minute, it is obvious that in order to ' go ' at the rate of 800, or thereabouts, Mr Urquhart's tongue must wag con siderably faster than — say more quickly than a Greet Western Rail way express train is likely' to travel if one ever comes to Tasmania. The BHltfinfinn nt i.hn olai^linn timnatrar is reported elsewhere this morning. Cnrioasly enough it has taken the news ever sines Saturday to reach Lannc?s ton from Derby, although it was de spatched by electric telegraph. The Ministerial candidate for Ringarooma has been immortalised at the mining township.' The graphic account of tbe picturesque elecijoneerfiig pro ceedings there indicates a reception of that description which usually falls only to tbe lot of princes and similar privileged personages. Derby has produced the one bit of ooloring so far visible in the election. There were: A procession 1 banners ! ! cheats ! 1 ! and fireworks MM Tasmania has been saved from the everlasting reprqach of having a general election without, a display of enthusiasm. It has been left to Derby to simultaneously redeem the colony from an unenviable reputation for duf ness and excite the envy of every can didate bnt its own. The delay in the arrival of this information from Derby was caused by the telegraph liue breaking down. The signing of ' the arbitration treaty between Great Britain and the United States will rank in hiBtory among tbe most iriportant events of the Victorian Eri, as tbe sixtj' years' reign of tbe Queep \i popnl^rly and not inappro priately termed. It marks a distinct advance in tbe progteii of' civilisation. When two of tbe greatest nations in the world agree to settle their dis putes, practically excepting from 'the terms of the contract only those, matters which affect national honor, i eloquent testimony is given to the soundness of the impression now largely prevalent that the claims of hnmanity for consideration when powers fallout with each other are asserting^ them selves with increasing force. Append ing his signature as President of the United States to this treaty will be among the last official acts of Mr Cleveland, who is on the eve of re tiring after a lengthy term of office. But there will be a conccusus of opinion that it is entitled to be regarded as one of tbe greatest that could have been performed by him or any of his prede cessors. His claim that it marks of new epoch in the relationship a nations will be readily 'allotred. There should be no doubt about its success. And that other peoples will be influenced to follow what is a noble example is within tbe region of prob ability. The difficulties in the way of lasting peace must disappear before a proper sense of the horrors of war and of the sacrifices which it 4b just and desirable to make in order to avert them. As Lord Bussell said, in the course of his celebrated address at Saratoga, ' The cry for peace has echoed through a', ages, and arbitra tion has long been regarded as the handmaiden of peace.' The condition of the streets of Laun ceston lias now become bad enough to claim the prompt and serious attention of the authorities responsible to the citizens for them. This is a matter that has been mentioned before, and it is brought np again on account of the frequency and reasonableness of tbe complaints made. If it is true, as it IB generally understood to be, that the money formerly available for keeping the city thoroughfares in good re pair has been foolishly diverted to other purposes, then it is time that the City Council stirred itself to diEcover other ways and means. The longer the delay in repairing the roads, tbe worse they must become, and the more prolonged will be the discomfort of people who have to travel over them. Three roadways in a shockingly bad condition are those in St. John, Oharles, and Patterson streets. The large stones need for the foundations of the roads are bare, every here and there a passing vehicle sinks down into holes of varying size and depth. These roadways arc rapidly breaking up, and it ia no exaggeration to describe them as positively dangerous for traffic. Some portions of Brisbane-street are falling into a bad state. Other roads within the city boundaries are mere networks of water holes in wet weather. The condition of the Invermay-road is that of a highway requiring imme diate repairB effected on it, and the Town Board ought to take the work in hand at once. The citizens have been so accustomed to roads whose chief characteristic has been excellence, and in reference to which visitors from abroad have been liberal with com pliments, that the present state of the streets is particularly unsatisfactory. To the lay mind the work wants to be taken up and carried out in a compre hensive manner. To begin merely patching-np would seem to be the adoption of a penny wise and ponnd foolish policy. Tbe Diooesan Cokfebekce. — Toe open ing services of this conference were held last nlgbt at St. Jobn's, Holy Trinity, and 6t. Paul's Churches. At Bt. John's nine clergy men took part in the service, and an eloquent and thoughtful fiermoa tras preacbed by Oftuon Godby, M.A., of Mel bourne, who spoke from the wotHb ' Bc decmiug the time because the days are evil.' After tracing the thoughts and actions of pessimists nith regard to sin, the preacher appealed to the congregation to personally devote themselves to a Christian life, and so become aBsured that they were saved.— At Trinity Cbareh tbe service of evensong partook of a somewhat special character, from the fact that, beside the Bieiiop oC Tasmania, Oanon Stephen (Mel bourne) and Rev. 3. Tryon Wilson (George wns preached by Oanon Stephen, who cboso his li si from the words ' There is nothing new undrr the sun,' from Bccksisslcs, and ' Benold, all things snail became new,' from Revelations. From these strangely con trasted statements the canon delivered a britf but masterly address, which engrossed the most earnest attention of the coDgrega Iuhiobation Statistics. — Tbe Govern ment Statistician (Mr E. U. Johnston} has prepared a table' showicp; the natnber of pemng who catered and departed from T«0 mania during lftfit quarter. One hnuorcd and seventy-eight arrived from the United Kingdom, 6111 from the other colonies, and ?24 from Hnnr Kone : a total of 6S13. The total for the corresponding quarter of 1895 was 4892, and for the put year 19,076, as compared with 18,767 for the prcviottB year. During the quarter two left for the United Kingdom and 3294 for the other colonies ; total, 8296. Total for corresponding quarter of 1895, 3020. LuBt ;ear 16.119 persons entered the colony; the total for the previous year was 17,168. Tbe estimated population on December 81, 1896, was 166,111. Codei OF BEVlfilOK.— Mr G. Nettiefolrf, returniag-officoT of the electoral district of Macquarie, notiUcs that a Court of Bevision for the purpose ot revising the electoral roll of the district will be held at the Court Bouse, Oatlands, on WedneBlay, 27th inst. Travellers. — Included in the pawengars from Melbourne by the b.s. Fateena yester day were Bevs. Oanon Godby and Stephen, who are taking part iu the Anglican Con ference being held in the city. FATAhlTT AT MiTTJINKA. — The putt mortem conducted by Dr. HoBkins touching the death of MrB Pontin resulted in a ver dict being returned that deceased died through a fall from the eofa, which c&uBed; conouBBion of the brain Bnd finally compres sion of Ibe sums. Police Copn-r ? Esther Harris was re manded at thin court yesterday until to-day on a charge of stealing two gowns and other articles, on the 1st inBt,, tbe property of Eliza fiar'rli. A RELIC OF BONDAGE.— A present of a brick has been forwarded to this office without, however, any sinister significance in connection with the political disturbance just now agitating the air or other grievance. It is one out of a number which have come to light in the razing of Mr B. D. Bichards' drapery es tablishment in Brisbane street prepara tory to the erection of the firm's new premises. The brick is a good one but it has a bad record, and arouses more in terest than pleasure, bearing as it does the brand of the broad arrow and speaking of a page in the history of Tasmania which is happily long turned over. The mark of the thumb of the unfortunate and unknown brickmaker it distinctly visible, as well as the letters FD which form part of the brand. If in a sentimental mood one might work up a romantic or weird history about that brick, but not at election time. Meantime it is re tained in the office for use in case of emer gency. Unclaimed Cablegram.— a cablegram addressed Eliza Whjte, Lannceston, awailB a claimant at the Hlectric Telegraph Office. Thousands of poundB* worth of oldfash oned and broken jewellery, teeth plateB, etc, that will be of no use to wear again are ivlngidle in Lauaceuton. If yon take them to W. Gardjner,. U St. John-street, you can turn them at otjpe into ready otsh.f i Inn Blectoio Light Oonsdubhs. — All who are indebted to the Oity OonnoU for the past quartet's electric lighting will re quire to pay tlie amount*, due by to-mojrow to enenre the discount. ' Those who leave' their accounts nnnatd will have to meet Hie full liability. Lonqfoud Folios Oodbt.— At tho police court on Tuesday, before Mr A. Whitfold, William Taylor for absenting iinuelf with-' out leave from the LaunceBton Invalid Depot on ^he 27th Inst, was remanded to Lann ' The Public besbbvbs.— The Oity Park and Prince's Square aro at the present time boButitul resorts for townspeople or visitors, ap, &f; rer the recfiDt rafas, the grass on tho lawns is green and -vigorous and the trees appear to lave taken a new lease of life ; and. It;iB consequently very aggravating to those who appreciate these well-kept re serves to aee many of tbe children who frequent them eo eager to exercise tbdr destructive proclivities. Some of the young people appear to fiud very mnch .-more delight In '(oaring up the grass, breaking branches off tho trees, and interfering with the hoec and other appliances than in any rational enjoyment that might be expected to appeal to their fancies. Citizens might remedy this evil without any refer ence to the authorities, and these mild abuses conld be iftectlvely dealt with if every adult would feel called npon when ever they Raw children miBbehaving them selves in public places to' speak a word in season, lluch of the destrnctivencBB of children ia a thoughllefs offending, and the delinquents need but a word or warning Bhakc of the head to chock thrm. It is to be hoped that this suggestion will commend itself to Ihc public for the f ntnre. Benevolent Bociett. — The weekly meet ing of the board of management was held in tbe board-room yesterday afternoon, when thcrc'werc present : MeB&ra.; J. Btephcueon (chairman), W. B. Barwood, A. Jones, J, Jojcp, M. Tyson, J. T. Farmilo, J. Steer (treasurer), and B. Cameron (secretary). Mr Steer acknowledged a donation of £1 from Colonel Bhelton.— The Becretary re ported having temporarily relieved four men, two woman, and five children, and that on the permanent roll there were ii men, 120 women, and 176 children, » total of S*2, being seven less than last week.— Two applications for relief had been made by women, one of whom was said to have been a notoriously bad character, but had reformed. A moDth's relief waB granted, as the woman is quite able to work. —The Chairman etated that the day for holding the annual meeting was approach ing, and it was decided to fix it tor Friday, January 29; bIbo that the Mayor (Mr B. J. Sadler) be asked to preside, ill Tyson had prepared the annual balance-sheet, which vras considered very satisfactory, it showing a credit balance of abont *9— Accounls amounting to £167 18s were psBaed for pay Evaktjale Folios Court. — At the Court of Petty BesBioue on Tuesiay, before the Warden (Captain Cameron) and Mr J. B. Gibson, Moy v. Scully, a charge of UBing abusive language at Bleesinglon on the 29th ull was beard. Mr Frodsham appeared for plaiutifi, and defendant pleaded guilty under provocation. After hearing both tides of the story— a Xuian spree— tbe defendant was fined 69 and costs, the Bench refusing to mulct him in counsel's fee and witneEB.s' expenses — Kaye v. Scully was a similar charge, and was similarly dealt with. — Kaye v. Beynolds was another case of like nature, and tbe case was adjourned for the appear, ance of the defendant. Hibebnian Abt Union. — The drawing eian Society's Art Union took place in Mel bourne on Saturday last, and it is satis factory to learn that the third prize, a handsome walnut pianoforte by Carl Bonisch, and valued at £76, has been se cured by a reiident of Perth. It is notified by advertisement in another column that any country investor can secure a result Blip by sending with tho application a penny stamp to ttie Tasmaatan representative, Mr F. B. Fiizjerald, Cuarlcs-Birect. The lliMTABY Confeeekce — Some de tailti of the work done at tbe recent con ference of commandants held in Melbourne bave been made public. In dealing with the fortifications established at Thnrslay Island and Eing George's Sound It was de cided that it would be a guarantee of stcuilty if an inspection outside that car ried out locally were undertaken by the colonies which are contributing to the cost of th*: works. It is therefore probable that Victoria and New S^utb Wales will select an officer to inspect theee fortifications. The conference decided also that it is de sirable to emplor an engineer, to be paid a Bilary of £1000 a year, fro rata, by the different colonies, upon whom would devolve the duty of advising tbo rmlltaryanlborilics npon technical matters connected with the delenco of the colonies. It was decided that it would be impracticable to adopt a uniform rate of pay for the fords in all the colouies, owing to the rar} iog rates of wageB iu Australia, The members, however, cx prescea m opinion mat zt nruis snouia ne held every year in respect to tho artillery, thy engineers, and the mounted corps, and 20 days' drill for the infantry and the re maining branches of the service. The view was held that at least eight days' drill should be continuous, &ud; carried out iu meats to take 6U-pB to provide for the manu facture of cordit^ in Australia, anj to con sider whether a joint commission ought not to be appointed to report what stepB should bo taken to protect the cable iu lime of war. A Gloomy Pbediction fob Bbitain.— Dr. John UoiikinBon, President of the In siitulion of Electrical Knginecrs, speaking at the annnal dinner of his umictv. skid England owed her prominent position to the fast that she was tbo first to use coal on a large scale. If the employment of that material as a baBiB of power were to cease, British supremacy would go with ir. The Falls of Niagara wasted more power every dny than could be derived from all the coal raised in the whole world, aud in the future it would be the work of electrical engineers to utilise ii, and other waterfalls, for the transmission of power for purposes of trac tion and industrinl undertakings. When that work was fully realised, there would be only two courses open to Englishmen ; they late'd savings, or Hit to countries having greater water paw-r than their ova. la either event the supremacy of Britain would go. PBESIDENT KllDGER'B POLICY — A Pre toria correspondent writes : — — PreBident Eroger was cnbrtainod at a public banquet, and in reply to the toast of tbe ovening his Honor made an official declaration regardiog the policy of the Government. ' Many rumors,' Baid the President, 'have been going about recently detrimental and damag ing Io Ihe S ute, and Iho Una of trooWo ia prospect has been published broadcast, Dinpain's Day being fixed as the date when it was stated the convention would bo broken. What convention is to be broken! The London convention gave us every assurance of our independence, and heaven itself cannot move it. If a change in tbat convention is desirable, 1 will see that it is brought about in a constitutional manner. Our motto 1b not to break conventions or trraticB, but to uphold them,1' Beferrlng to the indemnity claim President Kroger said : ' The delay aroBe because I wished to be fair. We are now carefully arriving at the exact expense. We must aot straightfor wardly. I believe that when we send in our claim, which will not be too big, it will be paid ; nor do 1 doubt that tbe British Government will meet our juBt- demand fairly.' ' Cheap Teip to Dbnison.— k cheap trip is notified to the Gorge for Saturday next at the customary time and fareB. These trains are only rnn now at periods, aud those so desirous should take the opportunity of vtyting this favorite spot. Cheap Tiuin to Devokpoet Exhibi tion. — A obeap traia to Devonport Exhibi tion has bocn arranged by liie Ballway Department far Sa'urJay next, leaving the local terminus at 816 a.m, The fares aie very moderate, and include the admission charge. Bono, fide sshool ch'ldrcn In parties are al60 arranged for at almoit nominal rates. Full psr'iculare can 00 gleaned from the advertisement, PU11B, ECONOMICAL, BBFBEBHINQ Cadbury'h Cocoa is Economical. — A small apooDf ill makea a large breakfast cup ot delicious, refreshing, digestible, an 1 absolutely pure and nourishing Ooooa, of the greatest strength, and finest flavor entirely :ree from any admixture. | Ah ExF-ltBIMBNT IH FBUIT BTOBAOE.— An interesting experiment in arresting tho ripening ol fruit by the refrigerating process has jnst bean aonaluded by the Technical Bduoatlon Committee of Sent County Conuoil. For tho purposes of the experiment two small chambers were constructed, each being fitted with a 'brine wall '—a flu tnnk, fitted close to the Bide of the ohamber, and containing brine cooled by - the re frigerating machine.. On August 26 quan tities of apples, pears, plums, French beans, and tomatoos wore placed la the 'cold store,' in which tbe temperature was at once brought down to betwoen S8aeg and 40deg Fahr. The fruit, etc., was examined at intervals of about three weeks, and it was found that tho pinms aud the vegetables dtd not keep well. On the other hand, the ex periment proved successful in the ca»3 at the apples, the ripening of whtoh was arrested for at least a month. It is believed that the cold storage system will prove of considerable beneu c to f rultgrawers if csrric 1 out on a large eoale, inasmuch as it wUl enable them to keep ' back their produce from market iu times of glut. A KtrttlAA- OrjRB ros OAfiCEE.— Scien- tific medicine has not infrequently been gla-i to accept the Bervices of popular medicine in enlarging its horizon -of remedies. A notable example is recorded in a St. Peters burg medical journal, where a Busslan doctor describee the suecesB which has attended the uae of wartwort sap in the treatment of cancer. As its name implies, this plant has Jong been used both in Eussia and in tbis country aa a popular remedy for removing wartB; but it remained for M, Denissnko to tnrn it to account in combating cancer. So far, this dUease n»* nLvcr oecn Known CO yicto 10 tttc application of internal remedies, and * the seven cases cited by (I. Denisenko are of very greBt interest and importance, for iu every Instance, whether the growth was ex ternal or internal, it yielded to prolonged ueu in very small dosea of a preparation of OhcUdouium sap. The sap of tbls plant contains two deadly alkaloids, the cheli doulne and the singul-p^riie, which con stllucstB necessitate the use of the above preparation cvm in minute doses with ex treme caution. Time, of course, alooe can show whether tho remedy 1b C3mplete, or whether the cure is only of a temporary character, while it Temains for experience to indicate whether the constitution can stand in the loDg run the continued use of this material. It is not nnconimon to read of casuB of cbelidonium poisoning in the annals of popular medicine. A Novel Blsotbio Bailway. — The Brighton and Bottingdean seashore ikc trif. rfulwav .wad nnpnt-,4 fakva TVi.d *Pim*a\ nn Saturday, 28th November. It runs not Wong the roadside but over ihe water, the rails hcing laid in front of the dins some hundred yar is seaward. The car, standing on four long, tubular legs or stilts of drawn steel, 11 inches iu diameter, carries its passengers at a height of 21 feet above the level of the rails. Each leg rcBts upon a email four wheeled truck, which runa along tbe rails. For the single track four lines of rails, with a total effective gauge of 18 feet, have been found ntcessary to give stability to the car in all wcatben. Tbe rails are laid on con crete blocks, spaced about 8 feet apart, and mortised into tbe sound rock, the height of the blocks varying with irregulsritieB of the surface of the ehorc. Tbe driving machi nery consists of two 25-horsa power electric motors, one on each side of the car. The current is cdhveved to the mortors by over head wires. Tbe oar is eo fitted np as to resemble slightly a smaU ferry steamer, there being a main deck, with a saloon in the middle part 25 feet long and half as wide, while the saloon roof forms a hurricane deck. The line is three miles long. At high water, with a spring tide, there are 15 feet ot water above the rails. The car carries 150 passengers, and movea easily through the water at the rate of Uvo to eight miles an hour. The Bystem would, of course, be impracticable for a shifting Ehore. Tbe cost of construction has been about £10,000 per mile. The exenrstan steamer Cjntenntat runs an excursion to Dileton this evening, accam puiied by tbe Garmrm Band, leaving Ibe wharf at 7*15, and returning to 6ame about 10 o'clock. 