! THE FEDERAL DONYEHTIOIÍ j SECOND SESSION. j BY SUBMARINE CABLE-COPYRIGHT. j [TASMANIAN PRESS ASSOCIATION.] [ SYDNEY, MOKDAT. J The Federal Convention resumed debate this morning on the deadlock problems. On Friday Mr. J. H. Symon (S.A.) carried a motion in favour of successive dissolutions. Then Mr. W. J. Lyne (N.S.W.) moved to superimposed a rational referendum, whereupon Sir George Turner proposed an amendment for referendum us alternative to dissolution. After the committee had reported progress on Friday afternoon the Convention empowered the committee to reconsider the rescinding of the resolutions passed on the deadlock clause. Mr. E. Barton this morning suggested the rescinding of M:wJ8ymon*s resolution, beginning de novo. This suggestion fell flat. Sir George Turner wished to settle the matter of deadlocks that day. Finance, he said, must be left over, and he continued to press his amendment for a referendum as an alternative to dissolution, Mr. O. B. Reid said he did not object to empower the Governor to dissolve both or either House. Talk then turned principally upon what Mr. Alfred Deakin cunningly described as "Symontaneons" against "simultaneous" dissolution. Mr. McMillan contributed a sedative address, in which be opposed simultaneous dissolution, because he wanted to sustain in its integrity the bicameral system of government. He said he wanted a scheme in which the Government should have power to dissolve the House, and spoke strongly against attempts being made to subject the Convention to wire-pullers and political agitators. He earnestly entreated the delegates not to heed any frothy ephemeral public feeling, but frame the constitution in the light of individual conscience-a oonBti nation which could stand the shocks of time. It would be better to leave the matter under discussion tentatively, if agreeable to the small States, for ultimate consideration by the whole of Australia, rather than make any further attempt to settle it in the present angry feeling of members. It was said that if Mr. Symon's resolution was rescinded federation would be wrecked, but be (Mr. McMillan) believed that the people of New South-Wales would not make proportional representation a sine qua non. He deprecated the attempt to destroy equal representation, and said it would have been better for the small States to have taken proportionate representation without checks to the Senate. Replying to an interjection, he said Mr, Lyne was in an evolutionary stage between the Devil and the deep sea, Mr. McMillan added that finality respecting deadlocks was impossible without destroying federation, (Cheers.) It would be impossible to separate State and National interests, and they should not attempt to make the House of Representatives omnipo- tent. (Cheers.) Mr. Deakin, who said he thought they were unduly dwelling upon an abnormal and infrequent adjunct of federation, replied to objections raised against concurrent dissolution pointing out that the difficulty as to the unequal political development of the colonies was vanishing. He said Sir George Turner was willing to delay operation of the dissolution clause until twelve months after the passing of the bill. Mr. Reid : It would not want a special incubator to revive it. Mr. Deakin thought if the small States had exhibited at Adelaide the same spirit of compromise as they had shown here, the public feeling would not have been so dangerously wounded. The most magnanimous federal speech yet made was that by Sir J. W. Downer to accepting the referendum, which he detested. The growth of federal spirit in this Convention had exceeded belief. Mr. Symon contended that the provision eloquently advocated by Mr. Deakin was embodied in his proposal, which had a moderating influence on popular passion. He acknowledged the magnanimity of the larger States, 2nd complimented Mr. McMillan on his courageous speech, but pointed out to Mr. Deakin that because the Senate had been shorn of equal power his argument failed. The increasing demands of the large States resembled the cry of the three-inch, "Give! Give!" Whatever might be the result of their deliberations, the delegates should loyally support the constitution. T Mr. Reid made a long speech, reiterating "his previous generalities. He said he was very pleased at Mr. Symon's moderation, and characterised a dual referendum as a monstrosity. Mr. I. A. Isaacs : "It is working well in Switzerland upon general federal legisla- tion." Mr, Reid said he regarded a mass referendum as the only finality, but suggested a joint sitting of the two Houses as an alternative Sir J. W. Downer supported Mr. Symon's proposal, but regretted that Mr. Symon had not opposed all deadlock schemes, Sir John Forrest, who said he considered they were off the track in re opening the question, reiterated his objections to proposed deadlock remedies. Mr. J. H. Carruthers recommended a suggested resolution, copies of which he had circulated, providing alter checks, for simultaneous dissolution, subsequently a joint sitting of both Houses with two-thirds majority, finally a single referendum. He also made provision for a fourth minority of a legislative conference demanding a referendum. Mr. Carruthers stated that he preferred a movement failing on distinct cleavage than succeeding by unsatisfactory compromise. He strenuously opposed a dual referendum. Mr. Isaacs offered Victorian opposition to joint sittings, which, he said, would mean extinction of the two to see quota, and would confer on the Senate control of finance. Mr. J. H. Gordon said it was evident that New South Wales would not agree to a dual referendum, and had parted moorings to find refuge from the storm in Mr. Carruthers' proposal for joint sittings, but with dissolution only of the House of Representatives. He refused to alter his proposal as to quote, Mr. C. C. Kingston repeated his views for the rule of the majority on national questions. A very great deal might be said for regarding the tariff as a State question. He would give a majority of representatives of any three small states the power to demand a dual referendum. Mr. Wise and Sir George Turner said they saw in Mr. Kingston's idea the germ of a solution of the difficulty, Mr. O'Connor said he did not think a single referendum would be accepted even in New South Wales. Mr. O'Connor continued the debate to-night in the presence of crowded galleries. He said he was favourably impressed with Mr. Kingston's proposal, though he regarded Mr. Carruthers' suggestions as embodying more finality. He would, as a concession to the Victorians, permit the Federal Parliament to alter the quota, Mr. Gordon : " If you make the quota a shifting quantity the whole thing is a shame," Mr. Higgins observed that there was an air of unreality about the debate. He referred to the dissolving views of the delegates. He blamed Sir George Turner for not fighting for a national referendum. Sir George Turner retorted that he never had a shadow or ghost of a chance. (Cheers.) Mr. Holder raised a mild storm by labelling Mr. Symon's supporters as Con- servative. Mr. Kingston's scheme, he said, would be the better liked the more it was thought of, but why settle the matter now ? Mr. Burton said the Convention required an adjournment, but he repudiated the Mile of playing in the tramline at lil ration. Hoarguelfor adoption of M'. Carruthers, proposal us the simplest and uncut kt " safety valve',' but he uttered in the quota principle. Mr. P. McGlynn (S.A ) regretted that some of his - colleagues had refused the Victorian olive branch. Al'. Lyne vehemently opposed proposals for equal representation, and condemned Sir George Turner's visitation as the cause of trouble. He asked for further time for final 1 alteration. If tbeQaeeoilaodrepraienlativte c ' . elected one electorate they would favour a proportional representation, and if by I districts they would favour vice versa. The committee divided on Mr. Wise's ' amendment for concurrent dissolution slier- I native to Mr. Symon's proposal, and it was I carried by 26 to 20. The minority was thus composed :- Sir J. Lee-Steere, Mr. H. W. Venn. Sir John Forrest, Messrs. H. F. H. Crowther, and A.. H. Henning (West Australia), Mr. H. H Dobson (Tasmania), Mr. Howe (South Aus- I tralia), Mr. W. McMillan (New South Water), Mr. Fraser (Victoria), Mr. Leake I (V\cst;Anstraiia), Mr. Symon, Sir J W. Downer (South Australia), M eura. Henry, Moore, Grant, and Brown (tasmania), Messrs. W. H. James and Briggs (West Australia), Mr. Adye Douglas (Tasmania), Sir W. A. Zeal (Victoria). | The absentees were Sir V. Braddon (Tas- i mania), Messrs. A. Y. Hassell (West Aus- I truth), and W. A. Trenwith (Victoria). | The national referendum was rejected by 36 to 10. The minority were Fascism. Lyne, O'Connor, Carruthers, Brunker, McMillan, and Reid (New South Wales), James (West I Australia), Hilder (South Australia), Berry I and Deakin (Victoria). The proposed dual referendum was urge. lived by 27 to 18. The mi city were Sir George Turner, Messrs. Deakin and Inaci (Vic), Walker (N.S.W.), Fysh and Clarke (Tus ), Peacock (Vic), Abbott (N.S.W.), Brown (Tas.), Glynn. Kingston (S A.), James (W.A.), Holder (S A.), Berry (Vic), Cockburn, Solomon, Howe (SA.), Quick (Vic) Decision on Mr. Carruthers'' proposal is likely to be carried, but stands postponed till to-morrow. Sir George Turner leaves Sydney to morrow night. The Convention adjourned at 11.40 The Government subsequently entertained the delegates and friends at supper. Mr. Barton expects the Convention will rise on Friday. 