WONDERFUL WOMAN; en, THE DANGER FEE LD MYSTERY. BY MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. Author of "Wed, Yet No Wife," "Nor- ine," "Baronet's Bride," Etc. CHAPTER I. — KATHERINE. The large, loud-voiced clock over the stables struck J, and announced to all whom it might concern that the break fast hour of Sir John Dangerfield, Baro- net, ot bcarswood Park, Sussex, had ar rived. Within and without the great house was very still; a breakfast table, spark ling wi<h crystal, rich with rough old silver, gay with tall glasses of Septem ber roses, and snowy with napery, stood ready a id waiting in a spacious room. Through the open windows the sweet- scented morning wind blew, and far off you caught in the summer stillness the soft wash of the waves on the yellow sands, more than a mile away. At the last chime of the loud-voiced clock the door opened, and Sir John . Dangertield came into the room. The baronet glanced impatiently around in search of something or somebody else. "Not down yet," he said. "That's not like Katherine! She is not used to dis sipation, and I suppose last night's con cert has made her lazy this morning. Thomas" — to the footman, appearing like a tall plush spectre in the doorway —"tell Miss Katherine's maid that I am waiting breakfast. Bias the 'Times' ar rived?" "Yes, Sir John." y Thomas presented the folded Thun derer to his master and vanished. Sir John Dangerfield flung himself in to an easy chair. He was a tall, portly gentleman, this Sussex baronet, with a handsome, florid face, and an upright, military bearing. . For three months only, he had reigned master of Scars- wood; three lives had stood between him and the baronetcy, and, a Colonel in the Honorable East India Company's Service, he had, four months before this sunny September morning, about as much idea of lording it in Scarswood Hall as he ever had of sitting on the throne of England. Suddenly, and as if. a fatality were at -work, these three lives had been removed, and Colonel Danger- field, of the H.E.I.C.S., became Sir John Dangerfield, of Scarswod Park, and, with his daughter and heiress, came back to England for the first time in fifteen years. He was a widower, and Miss Dangerfield, his daughter, his heiress, his idol, had been born in Eng land, and was two years old when her father had last gone out o India, and grown up to he nearly seventeen, before she had ever set foot upon English soil again. He unfolded his paper, but he did not read. . ... v "A" ?air prospect," he said — "a princely inheritance ! And to think that four months ago I was grilling alive in Cal cutta, with no earthly hope but that of retiring one day' from the company's service with chronic liver complaint, and a colonel's half pay. For myself it woud not matter; but for Katherine!" His face changed suddenly. "If I could only be certain she w.ere-dead. If I only could be certain that iny secret was bu ried with her! It never mattered before . —we were, out of her reach; but since my accession to Scarswood, since my re turn to England, that wretch's memory has haunted me like an evil spirit. Only .last night I dreamed of her — dreamed I saw her evil black eyes gleaming upon me in this room. Faugh!" A door far above closed with a bang; a fresh, young voice, carolling like a bird; the quick patter, patter, patter of little female feet down stairs — the last three cleared with a jump; and then the door of the breakfast room was flung wide, and the heiress of Scarswood Park flashed into the room. Flashed— I use the word advisedly- flashed in like a burst of sunshine— like a hill- side breeze — and stood before her father in fluttering white muslin, pink ribbons waving,, brown hair flying, grey eyes dancing, and her fresh, sweet voice ringing through the room. "Good morning, papa!" Miss Danger- field cried, panting, and out of breath. "Is breakfast ready? I'm perfectly fam ished, and would have starved to death in bed if Ninon had not come and routed me out. And how is your appetite, pa pa?— and, I hope 'I have not kept you waiting too long — and, oh, wasn't the concert perfectly de-licious last night?" And then two white arms went impe tuously round the neck of the Indian of ficer, and two fresh, rosy lips gave him a kiss that exploded like a torpedo. ' Sir John disengaged himself laughing ly from this impulsive embrace. Gently, gently, Kathie; don't quite garrote me with those long arms of yours. Stand off, and let me see how you look after last night's dissipation. A perfect wreck, I'll be bound." "Dissipation! A perfect wreck! Oh, papa, it was heavenly— just that! I shall never forget that tenor singer— who sang Fortunio's song, 'you know, papa, with his splendid eyes, and the face of a Greek god. And his name— Gaston Dantree — beautiful as himself. Don't talk to me of dissipation and a wreck; I mean to go again to-night, and to-morrow night, and all the to morrow nights while those concerts are given hy the Talbots." She stood before him gesticulating rapidly, with the golden morning light pouring full on her face. And Miss Katherine Dangerfield, heir ess and heroine, was beautiful you say, as an heiress and heroine should be? I am sorry to say No. The young ladies of the neighborhood, otherwise English misses with pink and white complexions and perfect manners, would have told you Katherine Dangerfield was lanky and overgrown, had sunburnt hands and complexion, too small a nose, and too large a mouth and chin. Would have told you her forehead was low, her complexion sallow, and her manners perfectly horrible. She was boisterous, she was a shoiden, and said whatever came uppermost in her mind, was ut terly spoiled by a doting father, and had the temper of a very termagant. They would probably have forgotten to men tion, those young ladies, that the sallow . complexion was lighted by a pair of the loveliest dark-grey eyes, that the tall, supple figure of the girl of seventeen gave rare promise of stately and majes- , tic womanhood, that the ever ready smile, which parted, the rosy lips, dis- , played a set of teeth flashing like jewels. "Well, papa, and how do I look? Not very much uglier than usual, I hope. Oh, papa," the girl suddenly cried, clasping her hands, "why, why, why wasn't I born handsome? I adore beauty— pic tures, music, sunshine, flowers, and — handsome men! I hate women— I hate girls, vain, malicious magpies— spiteful and spiritless. Why don't I look like you, you handsome, splendid old soldier! "Why was I born with a yellow skin, an angular figure, and more arms and hands than I ever know what to do> with? ' Whom do I take after to be so ugly, papa? Not after you, that's clear. Then It must be after mamma." ! Sir John, in his sunny window-seat, had been listening with an indulgent mile, folding his crackling paper. The 357 1 crackling suddenly ceased at his daugh ter's last words, the smile died wholly away. "Say, papa," Katherine cried, im patiently, "do I look like mamma? I never saw her, you know, nor her pic ture, nor anything. If I do, you couldn't have been over and above particular dur ing the period of love's young dream. Do I inherit my tawny complexion, and | square chin and snub nose, and low fore head from the late Mrs Colonel Panger- lield?" Her father laid down his paper and arose. "Come to breakfast, Katherine," he said, more coldly than he had ever spoken to her before in his life, "and be kind enough to drop the subject. Your flippant manner of speaking of — of your mother is positively shocking. I am afraid it is true what they say of you here — Indian nurses — the lack of a mother's, care — and my indulgence, have spoiled you." "Very well, papa; then the fault is 3rours, and you shouldn't blame me. The what's-his-name cannot change his spots, and I can't change my irreverent nature any more than I can my looks. But, really and truly, papa, do I look like mamma?" "No — yes — I don't know." " 'No — yes — I don't know.' Intelligible, perhaps, hut not at all satisfactory. When I am left a widow, I hope I shall remember how the dear departed part ner of my existence looked, .even, after thirteen years. Have you no .portrait of mamma, then?" "No!. In heaven's name, Katherine, eat your breakfast and let me eat mine!" "I am eating my breakfast," responded ! his daughter, testily. "I suppose a per son can talk and eat at the same time. Haven't you rather got a pain in your temper this morning, papa? And I must say I think it a little too hard that I can't be told who I take my ugliness from." Sir John again ' laid down his paper with a resigned sigh. He knew of old how useless it was to try and stem the torrent of his daughter's eloquence. "What nonsense you talk, my dear!" he said. "You're not ugly. You don't want your father to pay you compli ments, do you, Katherine? J thought your cousin Peter paid you enough last night to satisfy even your vanity for a month." Katherine shook her head impatiently until all its red-brown tresses flashed again. "Peter Dangerfield — wretched little bore! Yes, he paid me compliments, with his hideous little wizen face close to my ear, and I' told him, for goodness sake, to hold his tongue and not drive me frantic with his idiotic remarks. He let me alone after- that, and sulked. I tell you what it is, papa— if something- is not done to prevent- him, that little grinning imbecile will be asking me to marry him one of these days— mark my words." "Very well— suppose he does?" The baronet -leaned back in his chair, and raised his paper nervously before his face. "Suppose he does, Kathie — what then?" "What then!" The young lady could but just repeat the words in her amaze and indignation. "What then! Sir John Dangerfield — do' you mean- to insult me, sir? Put down that paper this in stant1, and look the person you're talk ing to full in the face, and repeat, 'what then,' if you dare!"' "Well, Kathie," the baronet said, still fidgeting with his paper screen, and not ( looking his- excited little commanding officer in the face, "Peter's no;t hand some, I .know, nor dashing, but .he's a clever little fellow, and my nephew, and in- love with you, and will make you a much better husband, my dear, than a' much better-looking man. Handsome men are always vain as peacocks, and so deeply in love with themselves that they never have room in their conceited hearts and empty heads to love any one else. Don't be romantic, my dear — you'll not find heroes anywhere now except in novels. Peter's a clever little fellow, as I said, and over head and ears in love with you." "A clever little fellow! A clever little fellow!" repeated Miss Dangerfield, with intense, concentrated scorn. "Papa," with dignity, "a few minutes -ago you told me to change the subject. I make the same remark now.' I wouldn't marry your clever little fellow not to save my own head from the gallows- or. his soul from perdition. Sir John, I consider myself doubly insulted this morning! I don't wonder 3-ou sit there excruciating my nerves with that horrid rattlifig paper, and ashamed to look me in the face. I, think you have reason to be ashamed! Telling your only child an.d heiress she couldn't do better than, throw herself away on a pitiful little country lawyer, only five feet high, and with the countenance of a rat. If it were that adorable Gaston Dantree. now! Oh,' t here's the post. Papa, papa! give me the key." Miss Dangerfield, forgetting- in a second the late outrage offered her by her cruel parent, seized the key, unlocked the bag, and plunged in after its contents. "One — two— three — four ! Two for me from India— one for jmu. from ditto, in Major Trevanion's big slap-dash, and this . Why, papa, what lady corres pondent can you have in Paris? What an elegant Italian hand! What thick yellow perfumed paper, and what a sentimental seal and motto! Blue wax and 'Pensez a moi.' Now, papa, who can this be from?" She threw the letter across the table. With her first words the face of the Indian officer had changed — a haunted look of absolute terror had come into his fa.ce. His hand tightened over the paper, his eyes fixed themselves upon the dainty missive his -daughter held before them, his florid, healthful color faded— a dull greyish whiteness crept over his face from brow to chin. "Papa!" Katherine cried, "you're ill ; you're going to have. a fit! Don't tell me! Can't I see it? Drink this— drink it this moment, and come round." She held a glass of water to his lips. He obeyed mechanically, and the color that had faded and fled slowly crept back to his bearded, sun - browned face . "There!" said Miss Dangerfield, in a satisfied tone. " you have come round ! And now tell me, was it a fit, or was i.t the letter? Tell me the truth, sir; don't prevaricate." "It was one of my old attacks, Kathie, nothing more. You ought to be used to- them by this time. Nothing more, I give you my word. Go back to your break fast, child," he said, testily, "and don't stand staring there in that uncomfort- ale way." "My opinion is, papa," responded Miss Dangerfield, with gravity, "that you're ifi a bad way, and should turn your at tention immediately from the roast beef of old England to water gruel and weak tea. A fine old English gentleman of your tiine of day, who has left his liver behind him in India, and who has the Sepoy bullet lodged for life in his left lung, and a strong tendency to apoplexy besides, ought to mind what he eats and drinks, and be on very friendly terms with the nearest clergyman. Aren't you going to read that letter, papa, and tell me who the woman is who has the pre sumption to write to you without my knowledge? Now where are you going?" For Sir John had risen hastily, his let ters in his hand. "To my study, Kathie. Finish your breakfast, darling-, and don't mind me." He stooped down suddenly, and kissed her with almost passim te tenderness. " My darling ! my darling ! " he said. " Heaven bless and keep you always, whatever happens — whatever hap pens." \- He repeated the last -words with a sort . of anguish in his voice, then turned and walked out of the breakfast room before his very much amazed daughter could speak. "Well !" exclaimed, Miss Dangerfield at last, "this does cap the universe, doesn't it?" This question, being ad dressed to vacancy, received no reply. "There's a mystery here, and I don't like mysteries out of sensation novels. I have no secrets from papa — what business has papa to have secrets from me?" S-he arose with an injured air, gave the bell a vicious pull, and walked in, offended dignity back to her room. The broad, black, slippery, oaken staircase went up in majestic sweeps to 'the re gions above. Miss Dangerfield ascended it slowly, and' with a face of perplexed thought. "It was never an attack — don't tell me — it was that nasty, vicious, spidery written little letter ! Now, what woman wrote that letter, and what business had she to write it? I shall in sist upon papa giving me a full expla nation at dinner time. No- woman in Paris or any other wicked city... shall badger my precious old soldier into an early grave. And meantime I shall have a gall-op on Ilderim over the golden Sussex downs." She entered her room singing the song the handsome tenor had sung- at . the concert the niglrt before-, the melody of whose silver voice, the dusky fire of whose eyes, the dark foreign beauty of whose face, had haunted her romantic seventeen-year-old mind ever since. "Rispondia a chi t' implora! Ris-pondia a cara a me!" "How handsome he was — how hand some — how handsome! If ever I marry, it shall be a man — a demi-god like that. Peter Dangerfield, indeed! Nasty little bore! Still, I would rather have him in love with me than have no one at all. :I wonder if it is I myself he loves, or Scarswood Park,' and the heiress of eight .thousand a year. Ninon, my green riding habit, and tell them to fetch , Ilderim round. And, oh, Ninon,' my child, tell that ' tiresome groom I don't want him perambulating behind me, like an apo plectic shadow. Ilderim and I can take care of ourselves?' "But, mademoiselle, Seer John's or ders " "Nin.on Duclos, will you do as I order you? I won't have the groom — -there! I'm always shocking the resident gentry of this neighborhood, and I mean to go on shocking them. I feel -as if I 'had a spy at my heels while -that beef-eating groom is there. Help me on with my habit, and -say no more about it.." Little Ninon knew a good deal better than to dispute Miss Dangerfield's mood when Miss Dangerfield spoke- in that tone. Miss Dangerfield had boxed her ears before now, and was very capable of doing it again. Perhaps, on the whole, smart little Ninon 'rather liked having her ears impetuously slapped by her impulsive young mistress, and the tingling cured, as it invariably was, by the present of Miss Katherine' s second best silk dre-ss half an hour after. Looking very bright and dashing, if not 'in the least pretty, the heiress of Scarswood Park ran lightly down the slippery stairs, -out of the vast vaulted hall, where statues gleamed and suits of smail worn 'by dead-and-gone Danger- fields centuries before', flashed back the sunshine. Her dark-green riding -habit fitted her, as Katherine herself said, "as though she had been born in it," the waving brightness of her brown hair v/as twined in thick p saits round hei graceful head, and her hai, with its scarlet bird's wing, perched ever so little on one -side, set off the piquant face beneath — a thoroughly English face, despite the golden hue of a tropic sun. "I beg your par-ding, miss," Roberts the butler sai'd, stepping forward. He was a dignified, el-derly, clerical-looking personage, like an archbishop in silk stockings and knee breeches; "but if you will he-xcuse -the remark, miss, I thinks as 'ow we're going to 'a.ve a storm. There's that closeness in the hair, miss, and that happearance in the ha-tmosphere that always precedes a thunderstorm. If I might make so bold, miss, I should hadvise you not to stay hout more than an hour, at the furthest." "Good gracious, Roberts, what non sense! There's not a cloud in -the sky. Oh, well, that's one! Why, it's no bigger than my hand. I'm going to Castleford, and I don't . believe in your thunder storms." "You'll catch it, though, for' all -that, my young lady," soliloquised Mr Roberts looking after the slight girlish figure as it dashed out of sight down the' elm ave nue, mounted on a spirited black horse. "Great storms 'ave come -from clouds no bigger than a man's ' and before now. But you're a young persing who won't be hadvised., and you'll come to grief one of these days through 'a-ving too much of your own way, as sure as my name's Roberts." And then Mr Roberts philosophically went back to the "Castleford Chro nicle," and never dreamed -that' he had uttered a prophecy. Miss Dangerfield dashed away over the breezy Sussex downs — gold- green in the September sunshine. But the bril liance of 'that sunlight grew dim and- dimmer with every passing moment, and looking up presently she saw that her "cloud no bigger than a man's hand" had spread and darkened, and was fast glooming over the whole sky. Old Ro berts had been right, then, after all; and unless she stayed at Castleford or turned back at once, she was in for a drenching. "I won't turn back, and won't stop at Castleford," the "baronet's daughter said, setting her white teeth. "Ill get my books and I'll go home, and Ilderim and I shall outstrip the lightning, after all." She dashed into the town. Castleford was a military depot, and knots of red- coated officers, grouped here and there, lowered their crests and gazed after her with admiring eyes as she flew 'by. "Plucky girl, that," said Captain Vere de Vere to his friend. Captain Howard. "Gad! how squarely she sits her saddle. And what a waltzer she is — as graceful as a Parisienne ballerina, and as springs'. Comfortable thing there waiting for some lucky begg-ar — clear eight thou sand a year. Not a handsome girl, I admit; but what would you ? Doosidly clever, too, and that's a drawback. I hate your clever women — put a fellow out of countenance-, by Jo-ve! Shouldn't know anything, women shouldn't, be yond the three great feminine arts — dancing, dressing, and looking pretty." With which terse summary of women's duties, th'e 'honorable- Plantagenet Vere de Vere lighted hi's huge Manilla, and sauntered away. "She seemed uncom monly sweet on that foreigner, that Creole fellow — 'What's -his name? — at the concert last night," he thought. "It's always fellows like that, with tenor voices and long eyelashes, that draw the matrimonial prizes. Heard her tell Edith last night all the officers at Castle ford had ginger hair, and knew no more how. to waltz than, so many lively young elephants," Miss Dangerfield's errand' was to a Castleford bookseller's, and her order was for all the newest novels. She came out presently, followed by 'the obse quious shopman, carrying her par'cel and bowing his thanks. The storm was very near now. The whole sky was dark- there was that oppressive heat and still ness in the air that usually precede a thunderstorm. "Coming!" Miss Dangerfield thought vaulting into the saddle. "Now, then' Ilderim, my beau.ty, my darling, outstrip the storm, if you can!" She was off like the wind, and in a few minutes -the town lay far behind her. But fate had decreed to take sides with Roberts, On the bare downs, treeless and house less, the lightning leaped like a two- edged sword. There came the booming crash of thunder, then a. deluge of rain, and the midday summer tempest was upon her in its might. The swift, sud den blaze of the lightning in his eyps startled -the nervous system of Ilderini. He tossed his little black Arabian head in the lair with a snort of terror, made a bound forward, and fled over the grassy plains with the speed of an express train. "A runaway, by Jove!" A man darted forward with the cry upon his lips, end made the agile spring of a wild cat at Ilderim's bridle rein. A moment's struggle, and then the spi rited Arab Stood still under -the grasp of an iron hand, quivering in, every limb, and his mistress, looking down from her saddle, met. full two of the most beauti ful eyes into which it had ever been her good fortune to look. It was Mr. Gaston Dantree, the hand some silver-voiced tenor of last night's concert, and a flash of glad surprise lighted up her face. "Mr Dantree," she cried, tyou! and in this tempest, and at so opportune a ' moment. How shall I thank you for save — for rendering me such very timely assistance ?" "For saving my life," she had been going to say, but that would have been coming it a little too strong. Her life had not been in -the smallest, danger — she was a thorough .horsewoman, and could have managed a much wilder animal than Ilderim. But the knight to the rescue was Mr Dantree, and last night Miss Dangerfield had looked for the first time into those wondrous eyes of golden brown light, and fallen straight in love with their owner. He was very handsome; perfectly, faultlessly handsome, with an olive com plexion, a low forehead, a chiselled nose, a thick "black moustache, and two da.rk almond eyes, of "liquid light." Not tall, nor stout, nor very -manlyllooking, perhaps, in any way; men were rather, given to -sneer at Mr Gaston Dantree's somewhat effeminate beauty. But they never sneered long. There was that in Mr Dantree's black eyes, in Mr Dantree's musical voice, in Mr Dantree's trained muscles, that would have rendered a serious difficulty a little unpleasant. He look off his hat now, despite the pouring rain, and stood before the heiress of Scarswood, loking like the Apollo him self in a shabby shooting jacket. "You do roe too much honor, Miss Dangerfield; I don't really think your life was in> any danger; still it's pleasant to know I was the one to stop your black steed, all the same. Rather a coinci- dence, by- the-bye, that I should meet you here just at present, as, taking ad vantage of last night's kind invitation, I was about to present myself at Scars wood." "And Scarswood is very well worth seeing, 1" assure you. As it is not'more than a quarter of a mile to the gate-s, suppose you resume your hat and your journey ?" "But, Miss Dangerfield, you will get your' death at this pace in this down pour." "Oh, no, I'll not!" Katherine answered, coolly. "The rain will never fall that will give me my death! You don't know how strong I am. Come,- Mr Dantree, let me see if j'ou can walk as fast as Ilderim." She looked down at him with that bril liant 'smile that lighted her dark face into something brighter than beauty. "Come, Mr Dantre" she repeated, "let me be- cicerone forrtmce, and show you the splendors of Scarswood. It is the show place of the neighborhood, you know, built by a Dangerfield, I am afraid to say ho-w many centuries ago. We came -over with. William, the what's-his- name, you know; or perhaps William found us here when he arrived; I'm not positive which. We're a dreadfully old family, indeed, and I'm the last daughter of the race; and I wouldn't be anybody but Katherine Dangerfield of Scarswood Park for the world,!"- She dashed under the huge masonry as she spoke, half laughing, wholly in ear nest.. She v/as proud of the old blo.od that flowed so spiritedly in her veins; of this noble mansion, of the princely in heritance which was her birth right- "Welcome to Scarswood. Mr Dantree." she -said, as he passed by ner side under the Norman arch. > He raised his hat. "Thank you, Miss D i field he said, gravely; and so,ysu:I hy her side walked up the dripping elm avenue and into the house. His fatal beauty— fatal, though he was but seven-and-twenty, to many women- had done its work once more. Her own hand had brought him there-, her own voice had spoken her sentence. Gaston Dantree stood under the roof of Scars wood Hall, and until her dying hour, this day would stand out distinct from all- other days in Katherine Danger- field's life. Sir John sat in his library alone, the letter from Paris still crushed in his hand as though it had been a serpent. It seemed a very harmless serpent at first sight; it only contained these lines, written in an elegant, , flowing Italian chirography: Paris, September 23. My Dear Sir John Dangerfield,— How delightedly my pen writes the title! A baronet! Who would have thought it? And Scarswood Park is yours, and your income is clear eight thousand a year. Who could have hoped it? And you're back in England, and la petite— the lit tle Katherine. Darling little Katherine! So full of spirit and self-will, as she was when I saw her last, and that is fifteen years ago. Ah, mon dieu! fifteen weary, weary, weary years. My dear baronet, I am coming to see you. I know you will be enchanted. On the 3rd of October jrou will send your carriage to Castle ford station to meet the twenty minutes past seven London' express and me. And your servant will ask for Mrs Va vasor. I adapt my names as I do' my conversation to my company, and among the aristocratic county families of .Sussex let me be aristocratic too. Adieu, my baronet, for the present, and allow me to subscribe myself by the old cognomen of HARRIET HARMAN. P.S. — Tell my pet, Katherine, I am coming. Kiss the darling child for me. He had sat for hours as he sat now, that letter crushed in his hand, a grey ish pallor on his face, his esTes looking blankly out at the drifting rain, at the tossing wind-blown trees. The light ning thunder broke forth over the roof, the summer rain beat on the glass. He neither -saw nor heard; he sat like a man stunned by a great and sudden blow. "And I thought her dead," he mur mured. "I hoped she was dead. I thought, after fifteen shears' silence, I was safe; and now — oh, God, will the wicked wish never be granted?" He sat there as he had sat since he left the breakfast table, when the door was flung open and Katherine, dripping like a mermaid, stood before him. "May I come in, papa, or have you fallen asleep? Do you know it is two o'clock, and past luncheon, time, and that I have brought home a guest? It's Mr Dantree, 'papa. You remember him, you know; and he wants to see the house and I want smu to be civil to him. He's in' the blue drawingroom; and while I'm changing my habit, I wish you would go and entertain him. Papk! " (She broke off suddenty, catching sight of his altered face.) " "What is the matter? You look like your- own ghost." He rose up stiffly, as if his limbs were cramped, crushing the letter more tight ly still in his hand. He turned away from the window, so that his face was hidden from her, as he answered: "I am a little cold. Who did you say was waiting, Katherine? Oh, yes, the singing man, Gaston Dantree. By-the- bye, Kathie, tell Harrison to prepare one of the front chambers for a — a lady — an old friend of mine — who is coming to visit us. She w ill be here on the even ing of the 3rd of October next, and her name is Mrs Vavasor." (To be continued.) Tom: I don't know whether she sings or not. Jack : She doesn't; I heard her. 