OANPN)ÉWINQ*e HJSOENT DISCOURSE. j , SIB,-Canon Ewing, in nm mst lenur, DU^o u" -"Bible I to-tho' ' Protestant : ia 'un'- oponj not i a! seale book." I beg to inform tho worthy: Canon tim Catholics enjoy a like privilege in possessing th ! .Bible., If ;ho looks up tho files of .tho Northern Sta he.wM find that inj the year 1880 alono »ho Catholic of this dlntriqt nurolrnsed ris much ns £700 worth o Bibles; whioh'I presume aró still in their possession »nd ,oau.,ba-opened or olosod ut discretion. Tin Curioh"conveys that, 'although tho local Protestant] are a trinity in churches, tlioy uro a unity in faith' Admitting tho truth of this assertion, I cannot com mend them in ooinmereta! instincts and economics .principles. As,the dinon possesses that infallible standard,SporliapB he' wdtild'kiridly tell; us what «ri ? tbe'osflontialsVneorsHnry for Btilvotion uponiwlifnli, lie ' says, «ll Protestants aro agreed In proof of Iiis in fallible' standard theory my friend speaks ns follows : -" Tfie.SlcK(plj)rei ore ntl itifalUble.giiiile, but /ninian "interpreter* are fallible men."' Agnin ho says, "jBeeiinff th* light of the ChrUt .promised Holy Spirit _ "'to guide' ii* ive h'aiitldt' err."1 ! Tho italics aro mine. "How,~inthe- name of common sense, oun those two statements ba reoonoilod P If wo cannot err, surely .^w/jaroinfalllblo. .Reasoning of this kind is enough v^to.moko,old Aristotle! turn in bis grave. , According tci thc'CiiuoV, á falllblo mun beoomos infiilliblo by -tho very simple process of Booking light from tho Holy Ghost. Thorofore, uny ignoruut lunn in pos session of a Biblo, ou saying a fervent prayer bogging for light, becomes at once inspired, and can procure for himself from the Sacred Volume an infallible standard of faith'and morals ! In reasoning thus, does the worthy Canon represent all the Protestants of tho district, or is he only advancing a theory of his ownpor-is he vMcing the opinion of the various Protestant denominations P.. Certainly if the adage,] ','Silenoe is consent," applies, ho;àppeàrt> to bo uot ingjn a representative capacity. Assuming'for a moraent-tbnt the Bible is infallible in itself,. what on earth does it avail if man cannot (ret any infallible standard out, of it P A deep well with plenty of water is little good to a thirsty dying man if he cannot get anything out of it, Herotuf nc, the word " infallibility," as applied to faith or directory of praotioe in any shape or form, was tn a jrood, Protestant as the proverbial red flag is to the bovine animal. In support of thia new theory of Protes tant faith and praotioe, the Cation quotes largely from Scripture. Quotations tro in Script uro .have boen made in support of roany strange things . We read somowhero that .'the''"'Old Boy " himself quoted Scripture for Our Saviour. Tho. Canon thinks the Bible is a book intelligible for all who read it in the light prescribed by him. Now, Saint Peter was a very smart mun, and his opinion is. very different from the Canon's, and when there is a question'of Bible' reading I certainly prefer* the j opinion of tho Apostlo. ? Now, ?; here is Ht Peter's. ' opinion of Bible reading in bis time : In his 2nd Epistle, uhap 3, v. 16; that . gentleman,;,in speaking j of his brother Paul's Epistles,' says :-" As also iu all his Epistles,' speaking in' them of these things,' in whioh uro certain things hard to bo understood,, i whioh the unlearned and unstable wrest as tboy do [ nUo the other Scriptures to their own destruction." Tbis is very plain and comprehensive speaking. Observe the words, " the other Scriptures." .Who is there that does not know the beautiful und tosohing anecdote in tho 8th chapter of the Ants of the Apostles, where it is related that a poor missionary ' named Philip, one, day carrying his swag and trudging on foot going down Houth, was ovortaken by the Lord Chancellor of the Queen of Queens, the mighty monarohof Ethiopia. Tho great mun offering Phillp a lift , in his gilded ohariot, the missionary observed that the potent' orion tal was reading a Bible, and at onoe addressed him, saying, " Thiukest thou that thou understand est what thou readest f " The learned Chancellor' replied, "And how ann I unless sumo man show me ?" Now, I vesture to say. that thoso men-St. Peter, Philip, and the Chancellor-wore slightly bettor acquainted with tho Oriental lanjrurges than the Canon himself and what shall be said of the less educated members of the Protestant community ? .Was not their copy of the Scriptures nearly 2000 years newer than the Canon's ? and yet they saw great dilUoulties. Canon Swing's inful lible standard or new theory of personul immunity, from error when interpreting '. Scripture cuimot bo seriously1 entertained. The proposition' that the Bible is an infulliblo standard in fuith und morals, us enunciated by.the Canon, is not only .untrue and utterly untenable,.but it resolves itself into blas phemy. Let us tako a concreto example : Thompson has a. Bible: he takes the Canon's prescription, in vokes (ho light of tho Holy Spirit, &e.; ; Johnson does ditto. After raiding the pnssago, " Unless a man bo born again of water and tho" Holy .Ghost," &c;, Thompson comes forth from his rcadiug con vinced thut Baptism is necessary for > Salvation. Johnson emerges with the stoutest ussertion that it is «or. Now, under tho Canou's now infallible stun dard theory they aro both inspired by the Holy Ghost. I hope I bavo much more respect for the Holy Spirit thun to hold him responsible for suah palpable error, nor do I for one moment think that uuy bnstlioon possessed of a Bible is in any way prompted or inspired by the Holy Spirit to Bhupe un 'infallible course for himself, tho Canon's opinion to tho contrary notwithstanding. In the 10th chapter to the Romans St. Paul tells us that "Faith oomes by hearing." Cation Ewing says it comes from reading the Bible. ' Who is right ? If the Canon, j then whf.t of the illiterate, the blind; and others who cannot road the Bible? If "tho Bible, and tho I Bible only',"- be tho true, and infulliblo standard,* ' H-liîit about those Christians who lived during tho many years that olupsod from tho death of Christ to ? the time that the New Teatumont was written und put upon tho papyri F Now, if I were a Protestant,' .lind loaning aololy for support upon the groat first priuoiplo of my creed-private judgment-" Tho Bible, tho whole Bible, and nothing but tho Bible," being to me the onlv.source of faith and pruotioo-I should find myself in a fix. First of all, I can huvo no traditions, history, doouinonts, or muniinbuts of. [ any kind called into my ttid. A book culled the Biblo is given to ino. Now, is this the word of God ? Is there internal evidence enough in this book itself ;to satisfy'me that it is a divinely iuspircd hook P In what language waa it first written F I soe it was not in English. My book is only a trans lation from un ancient languug3. I' this book of mino a.faithful nndtruo rendering into my language from tho original tongue from which it wus written F I nm only a very ordinary, individual, having but a modicum of knowlodgo, knowing a little of ono or two of tho old languages, how, therefore, am I to kuow that tho translators were honest mon F I can hnvo no tradition of any kind. But assuming. that my book is. really the Bible, it is und must be my , standard of faith and practice. I keep the first day of the week one of rest and holiness. Christ must surely hilve ooramundod this, nod in no unmistak able manner, us it is important, but I oannot find tho preoiso text" ordering the Subbuth to be ohangod, from tho lust to tho first duy of tho week Suúli are'only a few of tho things that would puzzle roe ou " the Bible and the Bible only" theory However," I will nut dispute further with the Canon oujhis new infallible standard-I wish him. every .joy/with. it. I only make ono little oluim' i and only one - 'it* is ' this : ' That although my enrly education may huvo been neg-, lootod, und as a consequence I muy in writing mis ; take vulgarity and ooursenoss for, wit and humor; . I I muy not have half the Canon's age, considerably less than half of his kuowlcge, honour, virtue, and general goodness, yet I most respectfully claim to know moro than tho worthy Canon where there is a question of what the Catholic Ckurch teaches. Tho Canon in otfoot says that I tuuoli my people that it is lawful to give to a orouture tho honor which belongs to God ulono. This is tho plain and obvious moaning of. his words ut a rooent meeting, and ho hus not withdrawn them. Now, if it were an angel from Heaven who bud spoken these words of mo, X know of no word in the language strong enough to apply to him. My touchings may be impuguod, questioned, and assailed ; , but never mind that ; they ha vu withstood the shock of agos, ' and 'they , ouu at this timo be left to take- care of, themselves. 1 .Here, then, is only question ai fact. Do I' ur does the j Church teaoh thus f . There is no question. of tho goodness or, truth, of tho doctrine. Heavier guns than the Canon have been levelled at that ancient citadel-tho [fraud old Catholic . Church-for well nigh nineteen centuries; yet her ramparts are still unimpaired. So tba Cunou may fire, uwuy ut Mariolutry or, uny.othor old .familiar object ulong the whole line ;, his disoharges oau do no purtiuulur burin. Ia conclusion I thunk you, Mr. Editor, tor vour irreat kindnons and oaurtesv. 't JaBHjiiAn J. Doy va.' . ; [ LBAHINO FLOOD, REFUGE.-rr-Some. ti tn» ugo ii polition .froín ,ro»idonts bf Wyrallah was pro BPntdd against the lousing of Fond Refuge Reserve thoie' . Tho Dopuitmont of Lunda.stute that us soon us tho Public Trust Bill boooinds law. sonia iiutlon 'wllllbojtakww iI; '.:'.. I:.-;; ,.?";' ,'«; ¡ ; , NEW\\( . RAILWAY . PAHCKLS , KATES.-A Qovtrninent Gazetteal last week contains a now Oyo. law In regard to the curriuge of stamped pamela by passenger trains. One iiiiportuut mudiflimtinu hus been made by the introduction of ii now zone. Pre viously tho sume rutes hud been applicable from ono tu 86 miles, but it has been represented tn the Com missioners that that is too wide for the'first zone, and projuditully nffeots looal business. An intermediate' zone from ono 'tn twenty-two miles hus therefore been introduced. Another oliungo {.mode alfi uta tho, carriage of largo paréela Tho'following aro loading examples of tho fates now io oxistonoo nullor tho rccont by-law :-One to 22 miles-r.ot exceeding' 71b. 3d, - 281b. Od, óOIb. ls,' 1121b. ls Gd, each additional 281b ur part thereof Od ;. iSSito 80 milesV-not exceeding 71b. 3d, .2811» Od, ßOlb. ls 3d, 1121b. 3s, ouch additional 281b' or part thereof ls; 87 to USO miles - not . exceeding 71b. Od, 281b. la Od, 801b. 3s, 1121b. Os, onoh additional 281b. or part thoronf ls' Gd ; 151 to 300 ' milos-not"'exceeding" 71b.1' ls 3d,: 281b. 3s, oOlb. 6H, 1121b, Os, ouch additional 281b. or ?nrt thereof 2s 3d"; '301 to GIO. miles,1 not exceeding lb 2s, 281b 4s,,601b ,7a, 1121b 13s. aitch additional! 281b or part thoicof 3s 3d ; over olO miles-not ox-; cooding 71b 2s Od, 281b 4s'.6d; fiOlb 8H,' 1121b 'los ouch uaditiouiil,2blb or part, thereof Ss 9d. ., . 