H ANNANS V COOLGABDIE EOVERS. Yesterday a match was played at Cool gardie between the champion team of that district — namely, the Hovers — and a team from the Hannans Football Club, which at present is ahead of the Kalgoorlie premiership list. An interesting con test was anticipated, and a very large concourse of people assembled to witness the match ; but trie expectations were not realised, as a more oae-sided game could hardly be imagined. The Rovers forged ahead from the jump, and never gave the visitors a ghost of a chance. Unquestion ably the best team won. In every depart ment they were superior. The Hannans have had a very severe lesson taught them, and! it behoves them to organise and play mote in concert if they wish to retain the laurels they have won. The recent defeat by tho Boulders went to show that Hannans have been an overrated team, and the con test yesterday affords convincing proof of this. They do not keep their places, and very eften they spoil each other in going for a mark. The Hovers, on the other hand, play ' like a book.' They play to each other, and with judgment, and do not rush into the game like the proverbial bull in a china shop. .Thus football becomes a pretty and scientific game, and not a question merely of brute force. If tie Hannaiw' players were all that Kalgoorlie had to rely upon, the result of the test match next Sunday would be a ^foregone conclusion, but. fortunately, we have a wider field for selection. Graeme was absent yesterday afternoon, and was sorely missed. The only players who quite held their own with the Hovers' representa tives were Bowes, 'Carbine' Gullon, Eowell, and Liddelow. ' Alick' McKenzie's attempts at goal kicking were great disap pointments. On one occasion he failed to punt it through from a f^w .yards in front, of goal. Young Bond, the rover, was also ' oil color,' THE PLAY. Sumpter captained the. Rovers, while the visitors were skippered by ' Jerry' Gullen. and the duties of central umpire were dis charged by Mr McMillan, who gave general satisfaction. The. ball had not been bounced more than a niiuute before the Eovera, aided slightly by the wind, got the ball down to their oppone .ts' end, and Richardson kicked a goal from a lucky mark a few yards in front of the sticks. The bali was taken, to centre, where Farrell and ' Snowey ' Jarvis of the Kovcrs, distinguished themselves. Hannuns back men were taxed to the utmost at this stage. At length Sumpter b.iggcd sacond goal for the home team. After the bounce Liddelow made a pretty run, com pletely shaking off ' Snowey' Jarvis ; but his efforts were nullified by the strength of the Rovers' half-bicks, who sent the ball flying in. an opposite direction along the wing. Fox relieved well and Bowes and Rowell jointly carried the ball for the fiist time to the vicinity of the Kovers' goal posts. A behind was scored, Watts kicked off, and Bower, who marked, passed to Stack. The latter was not equal to the occasion, aud merely sent the ball out of bounds. Howcll, fiom a difficult angle, registered a behind. Smart work was shown in the ruck by Liddelow, but Farrell and Sumpter worked so effectively tint the Rovers again worked up a powerful attack. A behind, however, was all that was notched. 'Teddy ' Rowell made a similar contribu tion to tha Hannans' score. J. McOuraiack's kick work on behalf of the Hover; w.is oE a rdgh order, and Oicar Hyman. though some what blustering and clumsy iu his move ments, nevertheless rendered invaluable ser vice It was the Hovers' day out, un doubtedly. They were destined to miss very few chances o£ kicking goa s, and some of their successes were lucky, to say the least. Fane!!, from a snapshot, put up third goal, and Ashton went; withi-j an ace of repeating the trick. Richardson had an easy chance, tait grounded the ball, r.nd Morris sent it ©ut of bounds. Rovers added two points, and thea Richardson had another try. This time he struck the very top of one of iha goal posts, Two more behinds by Tfyman, and then the boll rang. Scores at quarter time : — Rovers — 3 ;;oals 7 behinds (25 points). Hannans — 3 behinds (3 points). After the change of ends Farrell attracted attention by very clever play, in which great judgment was also shown. Bond, of the Hannans, returned the ball to limes, who forwarded to ' Aliek ' JlcKenzie. The last named placed the ball, but his attempt w:-.s a. bad one. Luighton bagged a goal for the Rovers, and then liannans put up three behiuds in quick succession. The third om; was from a difficult angle, the mark having been taken alongside, a behind post. '' Alick ' somewhat fooli-hly tried a place kick, which did not come off. The play was becoming rather tame, when Hammond, the fleet Rover player, caused a diversion by bolting with the bail, the ultimate result of which was that Farrell scored fifth go:d for the home combination. Hyman added a behind, and then Rov.ell, obiaining a free for a push front behind, forward'. d to McKcnzie, who was standing withiu a short distance of the sticks. It looked any odds on a goal being scored, but to the surprise of everyone, 'Alick' failed dismally in his aim. Richardson, had an e;:sy show on be half of the Rovers soon afterwards, but he grounded the ball. However, a goal was kicked out of the ruck, the Rovers' luck standing to them nyain. Another goal was put up by E. Leigh ton and a behind 03' Ilar.mond, after vbich McKenzie caused the single iiag to be raised in the interests of Hr- nnans. At half-time the scores were : — Rovers— 7 goals 9 behinds (51 p -ints). Hannacs — 3 bsiriuU (8 po nts). For some liftlewhi'e after the interval Hannans had the better of the play, but- a behind was nil they could muster. Some excitement was caused by a race along the wing between Liddulow and Hammond The Kiilgoorlie man. who had the bail, brilliantly shook his opponent off, amidst applause. Kannans c-.uid make no use of thrir- opporhiTiitv. but goals came from kicks by Hk-Iiardso:i and Oscar tij'inan on behalf of the Rovers. Hyman's was a snapsiioi. Leighton punted a goal, 'Snowey' Jarvis sco- ed a behind, and J. Jarvis registered a goa] — all in quick succession. The visitors wore row hopelessly in the rear, and a be hind by Ashton, anil a goal by Leighton put them further in the rear. At three- quarter time the scores read : — Rovers— 12 goals 11 behinds (S3 points). Il-.-.nnans — '.) behinds (9 points). The last quarter was p'-actically devoid of interest, for there was no possibility of the visitors wiping oil such a bi£ deficiency. FJannans did succeed in ki king their fiivt (and only) goal, but tho Rovers more than compensated for this by putting up nice behinds. Final scores : — Rovers— 12 goals 20 behinds (92 points). Hannans — I goal 9 behinds (15 points). 