Brian Borumha. The Battle of. Clontarf. \- Towards the close of the tenth cen tury the numerous petty kings and chief tains amongst whom Ireland was at that time divided converted the country into a regular theatre of war, where every man who could claim the allegiance of a clan frantically endeavored to outrival his neighbor in playing the part of a conquer ing hero. The result of this,theatrical display was naturally the reduction of the country to a state of general, tjo pay turvey dom of the most incomprehensible nature. Kings invaded the territories of neighbor ing -kings, for no other purpose than to gratify their bellicose ambition, or . to avenge imaginary aspersions cast' upon their valor. The most trivial incidents frequently led to furious battles, in which Irishmen found themselves pitted against their fellow-countrymen in deadly com bat without knowing, or indeed without evincing^ any desire to know, the casus belli. Brian Eorumha had succeeded, hbweyer, with perhaps more diplomatic tact than justice, in relieving . the good King Melechy of the responsibilities of governing Ireland as Ard Ri, and under taking the task-himself, performed: it with credit not only ,to himself, but to the kingdom at large. King Malachy's per sonal sacrifices' at this time are worthy of the highest admiration. The Battle of1 Clontarf, which stands out 'prominently in the history of our country as one of its greatest episodes, originated' in a sneering remark made by one young gentleman to another over a game of chess. At sunrise in. the, mprning the, signal jEoir battle was given, but . at this . very critical moment Maelseachlainn finding an opportunity ofbeing in some, measure revenged of Brian, retired suddenly from the scene of action* with his 1,000 Meath men, .and remained an inactive spectator during the whole time of the battle, with out joining either side. • ' This -defection - certainly rendered the division of the monarch's army very un equal in numbers to that of the enemy's, which they were appointed' to- engage with.; But' Moirogh, with great presence of mind, cried out to tp his brave Balcas sians that tljis 'waa the time to!distihguish themselyeS, as they alohe would Have the 'unrivalled glory of cutting oflf (t^t.fpir midablc, body of the enemy. , ;; j^nd.' now, whilst the* Dfilcpssians; were , closely, engaged , with battle-axe, sword, ; and dagger, the, second. division;, under the:Command of the King of - Gonnaught, hastened to> engage the Danes of Leinster and their insularlevies, whilst the troops of South' Munster attaoked Maelmbrdlia arid hisdegenerate Lageniahs. < 3Neybr 'Iwis'^greater'1 'iritre^Mity^ peme dbpehdbd'djiptf 'Th"e;1e1tuati6h JV? jjTOVw*; breast, and the victor?Jpmie,rank .fell commanders dmes- ipermimpdiijprpdi^niof valor i Morogh,;■ bis soni T»rlogh>" his br^thtehianjdt&ndred;, flewiromplaoe to .piace^land^eVery wherhdeft the isanguinary :4tfdei'J&their; ^ The slaughter committed by Morogh exeitedfchetfury ofCarolus And Conmael, two DaneB of distinction ; they attacked hini in conjunction, and both fell by his sword. Sitric, the son of Loder, ob served that Morogh and other chiefs re tired from the battle more than twice, and after each return seemed to be possessed' of double vigor. It was to quench their thirst and cool-their hands, swelled from the violent use of the sword and battle-axe, in an adjoining well, over which' a guard of twelve men were placed.. This the Danes soon destroyed. On rejoining his troops the last time Sitric, the son of Loder, with a body of. Danes, was making a fresh attack on the Dalcassians, and him Morogh singled out, and, with a blow of his battle-axe, divided his body in. two through his armour. The other Irish commanders in like manner distinguished themselves, though their exploits are not so particu larly narrated; and it would seem from the number of prime quality that fell oh both sides that the chiefs everywhere attacked each other in single combat. The iBsue of the day remained doubtful until nearly four o'clock in the afterfton, and then it was that the Jrish made so general an attack on the enemy that their force waB not to be resisted. Desti tute of leaders, and consequently in dis order, the Danes gave way on every side. Morogh, at this time, through the violent exercise of- his right arm, had both hand and arm so swelled and pained as to be unable to lift them up. In this condition he was attacked by Aurudh, the son of Ebric ; but Morogh, closing in upon him, seized him with the left hand, shook him out of his coat of mail, and prostrating him, pierced him with his sword by lean ing with his breast upon it, and pressing upon it with the weight of his body. In this dying situation of Aurudh, he never theless: seized, the skeine (scimitar) which hung.by Morogh's side, and with it at the same instant, gave him a jportal wound! The. Dane expired upon the spot, but Morogh lived until next morning,, when he made his confession and received the Sacrament. • BRIAN BORUMHA's WILL. The confusion became general through the Danish army, and. they fled on every side. Laidin, the servant pf Brian, ob serving the confusion, feared the im perial army was defeated. He , hastily , entered the tent of. Brian, who was on his knees before a. crucifix, and requested that he would immediately take a horse and fly. '■ No," said Brian, " it was to conquer or die I came ; but do you and my other attendants take my horses to Armagh, and : communicate my will to the successor of St. Patrick—that I be queath my soul to God, my body1 to Armagh, ' and my blessing to my son Donbgh ; give 200 cows to Armagh' along with my body ; and go directly to Swords of Oolumbkille, and order them to come for my body to-morrow, and conduct it to Duleek of St. Kianan, and let' them | convey it to Louth, whither jietMaelinarry, the son of Eochy Coucharbof St. Patrick come: with the family of Armagh and con vey it to their cathedral." . Brian's death. "People tire coming towards us," says the servant. '' What sort of people are they?" says Brian. ... "Green, naked peoplq," says the servant. " They ate the Danes in armor," says Brian, and he rose, from, his pillows, seized his sword, and stood tD await the approach of Broder and some of his followers, and he saw no part of him without,armor except his -eyes and his.feet. Brian raised his hand and gave him a blow -with which he -cut off' his left leg from the knee,' and the right from the ankle, but Broder's axe met the head of Brian and fractured1 it; Brian,' however, with: all the fury of a d^ing1 warrior beheaded /Breder, and | killed a second Dane whom he was at taqked,andtheq gave'dp the ghost. / The number, of chie,^ who fejr.in; this/battle . besides /Brian, hjs threesons, his grand ' son, and/his .nephew, ,(3ouang,,was very great, andthecarnagewasfrightful. : Of the.. 1,000 men whoi wore armor,.not one iB said: to have escaped^ and besides their principal, officers, the: Danes lost; 14,000 men,!andwere completelyrouted. ■ /,.. Iixn^ss . or, Justin , BI'Garthy. —The Lqndpn correspondent of the Dublin fir&niqn;,, Jd^yj 1, writes, greatly, regret to say that 'the condition of Mr. Justin M'Oarthy,!-, M.B.last: night, was extremly i serious;* .: <He 'had shown some' improve ment w! the morning; which,was main tained during1 the earlier part of the day, but then fa chahge for the wOrse s'et itt, * 1 ,xin'T S-'t ten - 1 Idafide'tqpTftff^'.gtave hdfew'm'tBb' <wiu ' TUOTih./Huiitley MJCarthy Sin'd Miss oi'toipa m a of body. 