NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. SHADOWED FOR LIFE! A Soldieh's Story. By GORDON STABLES, M.D., R.K., Author of ' The Rose of AUandsie,' ' For Money or For Love,' 'The Cruise of the Land Yacht ? Wanderer,' ' 'Our Friend the Dog,' fcc, &c; [all bights beservec] Ch.uteh XXVnL— A Mysterious *' There are more thinp£ in hea\eo ttun earth, Horatio Than we dreamt of in yoar phito&ctvbj; .' Many times and aft have these lines from Hamlet been quoted : many times before have I qnoted them myself. And if I do so oow again, it is because what I am about to relate lijinipra nn th-- ciniri tn^l Yet I wish it to be distinctly understood that I myself am do believer in spiritualism, feeling quite certain in my own mind that nothing lakes place in this world, however apparently mysterious, that may not be explained by natural laws. If. mind yon, we cm get these laws to apply to the case. Transient dreams, daylight dreams may ac count for the appearance of many an appari tion. And I have proof positive that men, and women t*M-, nn^f*r*rprtMin 4*Tni^iT*'f''**f thff brain, especially perhaps after great fatigue, may fall asleep for just a brief moment or two, even when walking through a room, or along a garden path, and daring that short period of somnolency may dream that they see ghosts, ny, and be ready to swear to the troth of wfa&t; they sav. We all know what nightmares are, bat these arc daymares, if I dare coin » word, and the terror they plunge the transient dreamer into is, for the time being, very real and very dreadful also. But apart from all this, I should not be the one co deny that heaven may eometimea give people strange warnings, even in dreams ; warnings that if acted npon may enable as to steer clear of great dangers to ourselves, or protect the life of some very dear friend. I do cot, of course, know for certain, bat it seems to me that, even while in life, we may at limes be permitted to place our footsteps on the threshold of auolher world, and fearfully peer within. When I returned to England, after the capture of the notorious Jaoqnes, £ did eo with a comparatively easy mind. I somehow felt certain in my own thoughts that the danger was past and gone. For, I reasoned, if Ella were ever so much inclined to aid her old lover in his fearful plots agkintt the life of my friend Jocelyn, she conU not novr tlo so. Jacqoes having besc captured i-etdf 1 be tod tim^ lo ?» mplete us ectetne*, .ud ??» ttr.d Ulc rtle d,a.;U- IviiqIi -hici. -i.inil-: B..Wr L-i hii.-hrnc1. «i-*i -ii-i U.tal i li- jieruiiucU U. Oc Oil My tfu-rd tdverUM less, and I had another midnight interview with the maid Lena. Mrs. Lloyd, I fonnd on*, had really bought underclothing for Jocelyn at the shop recom mended by Jacqoes. He bad worn these too, and with 00 bad result*, l did not expect that there would be any. That wool from a diseased sheep even after it is dyed and made op into under- gnrments may possibly give anthrax to the wearers is generally believed. Bnt it is admitted that the chances of its doing so are very remote indeed. No ; aud none knew this better than Jaques himself. Why then bad he recom mended the purchase of finch underclothing * I hie question is very easily answered, ror any medical man attending a case of anthrax would certainly feel about for the primary cause of the terrible malady. Where did the inscrobes come from that laid his patient low in death r Aod in the absence of any other clue or explanation, the very fact of hut having woru that probably infected wool from South America would be easerly eeiznl up as the *' causa mortis.' O, without doubt the man Jicqnes had played his cards well, and had And niir cumss the mystery, for mystery it i* to me to this very day. in telling Uiid portion of Uie story I intend merely to state facts, simple facts, Mid to leave the reader to explain them in any way he or she thinks fit, or do as I do, leave them unexplained, and take refuge in those tine* from '* Hamlet' I quote at tbe begioiog of this chapter. Lena then had promised that she would continue to live with Mrs. LIuyd sa her maid for some monthi yet, and that she would talcs notice if anything at all unnsoal occurred, and communicate with me at once, even if she bad to walk all the way to the Jungle *' at the dark hoar of midnight.' These last are Lena's own words. She waa a brave «fl well as a faithful girL A week or two had passed away. Things uere getting on well and quietly &t; the Raven's Nest, aud there was no reason, I firmly believed, why Ella should not nltf. mateJy forget her old lover entirely and settle down aa a faithful wife and help-meet. Alas ! the wish was father to the thongbt, and I did not even yet know the female ' terror' had to cope with in tbe person of Ella Uoyd or Lee. Ah, well do I remember that gloomy autumn evening when I rode slowly back from the Raven's Neat with the gloaming shadows deepening around me, lea-ves flutteriig earth wards from tbe lordly elms, rooks overhead flying heavily homewards to the distant woode, and one little glimmering star shining sweetly in a rift of blue high above the Eastern horizon I remember I felt somewhat Bad and low in spirits. Downcast indeed, for my friead Jocelyn had complained of not being over well ; a atringe drowsiness he said almost overwhelmed him, and now asd then a transient giddiness. 'FUgoto my roam, Gord,' be told mef with & f∫ smile. ' I shall not dine. Sleep will pall me together. Come and see me early in the morning. ' I repeated his last words to myself over and over again as I rode homewards. ** Game and see me early in the morning.' What if Joes was going to die ! Tbe good go first. \es, many and many a proof I have bad of that truth. Bat bow lonesome my whole life would be if if my friend were to die! ' Come and see me early in the morning.' 'That I assuredly will,' I cried aloud. ' Go ofl, Polly ; go on good mare.' And the mare broke into an easy eallop, and soon stood stock still at oar own gate. My dinner that evening, I t*m certain, was a mere passover. My dog had the soap, the cats had the 6ah, and my parrot — a flesh eater— discmreed most of my modest chop. I helped myself, however, to bla&c; mange, with cranberry jelly, pouring a couple of glasses of genuine port over it by way of Then I sat in my tncker, read, and smoked, ' Gome and see me early in the morning. ' ** These were tbe very last words I Baid to myBelf as I lay down to sleep. A sad, uneasy slumber it was, though. Toilsome, rack ing dreams, which culminated at last in as ugly a nightmare as exer I can remember. I thought I stood alone in a chamber all hong around with block cloth. The room was dimly lighted, but where the light came from I could not tell. Nor cared L For my eyes were rivetted on & fearsome sight. Against the wall of this black room stood or were placed a row of busts of human beings ,— ail dead they were. Suddenly, lo my horror, cbe Una of all them moved, the lower ones being slightly protruded, and from every dead mouth (here spouted a long stream of crimson blood. A nightmare like this cannot be vividly or graphically enough described on paper, bat the terror of this dream was sufficient to cause me to start from my couch and ev«n when I opened my eyes I could Bee those awful busts fading away till tbey became invisible. I lit my candle. 13ow as to what followed I possess no scientific certainty. I only know that I did Dot think I was asleep or dreaming. I felt as wide-s.WB.ke as I do at this moment. 'Much more so, indeed, when suddenly the knocker on the hall door sounded loud and long. I sprang out of bed at once. . '* It is Lena,' £ said to myself, ' and poor Jose is taken worse.' I looked it my watch ; it was just two o'clock and a few minutes more. Once again the knocking commenced ; loader now it was, and impatient. 1 snatched Dp the candle, and harried down stairs and along the ball. I threw open the door, and the rays of my candle fell upon and straggled with tbe dark ness without. Bat a feeling of dread — a dread that is in definable — took possession of me from that outer darknesH, and into tbe light there glided the face and form of Jocelyn Lloyd himself. ' Oh Joss,' I cried, ' bow you startled me 1 Come in, come in. Don't Band out in the cold,' The very Bound of my own voice was hollow and unearthly. Jocelyn never moved. He only gazed at me with those gentle pipping eyes of his. Then his image faded away. I made a spring as if to seize him. All in vain. But far away— in what direction I could noc tell — a, voice, his voice, fell dis tinctly on my ears. ' Come and see me early in the morning.' My honest mare looked about with some surprise when just ten minutes after this I entered tbe stable, lantern in band, dressed and ready for the road. Hat t-be ninned me a welcome, and shortly afrer this we were tearing along the road through the darkness and the gloom, at & rate rh*t bad the mare not been well acquainted with the path, would have endangered both her neck and mine. I slackened speed as I neared the Raven V Nest. There was a bright light in Jocelyn's room just above tbe verandah. And in that room, I doubted not, foul mnrder was being committed, if tbe deed were not already done. Chapter XXIX.— The Doom of ehe Would-be Mubderkss. While still seventy yards from the boose I entered a field and left my mare to graze. I must approach the verandah with caution, tfaongh as Bpeedfly as I could. Down by the summer-boose lay a light ladder, and as I passed through the garden I took it with me. My footsteps could not be beard, so sQently did I tread. And now I am close beneath the window. To the left of this was Jocelyn's dressing room, with a door opening throngb into his bedroom. Both windows were of the old fashioned casement kind, with tiny panes like those we see is churches. I softly leant the ladder against the verandah and up I swarm like a cat or a sailor, till my head is on * level with the light. Many and many a ghastly horror have I witnessed in my time, but nothing in life I believe hf*** ever affected me more than tbe terrible scene in this drama of life and death now being acted before me* For a few moments I cab hardly realise it, and find myself wondering whether I am not the dupe of some horrible dream. The per spiration stands in cold beads upon my brow, and my limbs tremble bo that my footing on tbe ladder is insecure indeed. It is tbe calm deliberation, the stoical cool ness and fiendish courage of Ella Uoyd that almost petrifies me with fear. My friend Jocelyn is lying there on his back in bed, one hand and arm resting on the coverlet. His lips are parted, his face is very pale, almost ghastly. He had been drugged. A child could perceive this much. Bat standing by the chest of drawers is tbe figure of Ella herself in her night- dress — intent phials and tubes, a siphoii, and a little retort simmering over the tiniest of pale blue flames, jtkBt anfficient to keep tbe contents at blood heat. In her hand she holds a lancet, and this she is trying the edge on her thumb nail. As if satisfied with its sharpness, she tnroe tortrards the bed and places it handy. Then she commences to fill a tiny glaas syringe Bttch as medical men nse for giving substantaneons injections of morphia solutions. I watch her narrowly. I watch her as if spellbound, and I notice that her hand neither nr«mbl«s nor s!h,&be;&, as she bends over tbe retort containing the fatal lymph. ' Come and see me early in the morning.' Once more I seem to hear that voice, and the words suddenly break thespells that binds me, I am a man again, full of life and action. I leap with ease on to the top of the balcony, and make my way swiftly to the casement window of the dressing-room. This Joss, acting on my advice, always leaves open. I arc through and inside in two Beconde I dash open the intervening door and clutch the woman by tbe shoulder just as she is bending over my friend's couch to administer tbe deadly dose. Oftentimes in real life there is an element of the comic mixed np with deeds the most tragic It was not wanting in this case. It may sound strange, but it fe not after all surprising that, having been so long at sea, I should address this would-be murderess in sailor language instead of plainer English. Bat I had not tune to study my words or phrases. ' Avast heaving,' I shout, and I Bhake her aeacat may snake a. raU ** Avast heaving, yon murdering devil and fiend !' Was it terror alone, or was it madness, that now contorted her pale and ghastly face. I knew not, neither did I care. She had fallen on the floor, or I bad thrown her there. Her arms were extended, her fists were clenched, her black eyes rolled upwards till they almost disappeared beneath her brows. Then with a groan she sank upon the floer— cod raised. Even in my excitement there was one thing I could not help observing. The glass lymph laden syringe had been broken to atoms in her clenched fists and the blood from her palm was trickling down her arm. My first thought was for Jocelyn. I eagerly bent over biro, and listened to his breathing. It was quiet and regular, with tbe slightest degree of etertor. I opened an eyelid. The pupil was fixed But the pulse was firm, and by no means intermittent. That he had been drugged was evident, bat at present there was do danger to life, and I did not apprehend any. I dipped a handker chief in water, however, and placed it over bis brow, patted his poor white band and left tbe room. I went upstairs quietly and tapped at Lena's door. The girl was np and dressed. ' Oh, sir,' she said, as well as her chatter ing teeth would permit ; ' is it you ? How did yon get in? I've had a dreadful dream, and was going for you. O, sir, is master dead ?' ' No, Una, no. Thank God I have come ia time to e&ve; bis life.' Then I told her all. Between ua we carried Mrs Lloyd to her room and pat her to bed. She was qniet enough now. I dressed the wound on her hand, applying antiseptics, and doing &1) I knew to prevent the poison, with which in crushing tbe glass syringe she bad inoculated herself, from circulating in her blood. But of h^r case I had positively do hopes, even from the first. The very death she would have meted oat to her husband, Fate hud decreed should be her It tva« l-tte nextday before Joclyn awoke. I had telegraphed for one of the *|fB physicians in London. ' ^^B Unreservedly I told him the tanflgi^ history of the whole case, and he apreedSj^^g me that the danger was extreme. A inaaiaplgC Jacques, Savant and Anarchist, was Ukelr«^S do bis work all too well. ^IK Kevertbele&B; everything that could be ^'ffiljfc in the way of prevention we did ; nor did mWm confrere leave for days. ^^K All in vain. '*jK Ella Lloyd was doomed. 'Jw I would only needlesssly horrify ifoffiB reader were I to give, from the commencetaeid^K to the end, the pathological history of t£wSj5 case ; from the oncoming of the finuK vesicle and carbuncle through all the staget^p of ujflamma.tiaat of fever, or high. detiriun^^J^K mortification, muttering delirium, protractions! and death, r JB Suffice it to say that in nine days1 time from3J the first appearance of this plague Ella Lloyd |l My London medical frieud came down 19 again, and both he and I agreed that WC'^I had never before witnessed a case i& tint' S country that vent so steadily and swiftly oa .§| to a fatal termination. .'_ ^i Meanwhile we consulted together on another-^! question. Should Jocelyn Lloyd, when M grief, by -the -way, was terrible to behold, be % toid of the danger be had himself comf ^ through? ; % 'uui oono t uui OOQOT - earn Ur- B ? . * again and again He was found of Lalia aft quotations. **Cui bono, my dear sir. It can -I* do naught bat barm. Let the poor Major live i^E and die in this opinion that for all her cruelty :S towards him his wife loi'ed him at heart.' ' JgK And so I consented to keep the matter '^S hidden from my friend* -|5M| Lena, too, was bound to secrecy, and X-i» know she has kept her word and vow '3 As for the would-be murderers herself, sAe Jl met her death in a fearful fashion, her lm sufferings were unparalleled. God grant, tiM pray, they may hare ended in this world, Jig His mercy. JB Chapter XXX.—' Baphnkss Hath Com S| at Last.' :*Sl As heaven is my judge it was not the 1^9 wish or desire to gloat over the misfortune* 3 of a fa.len foe that look me to Paris jost one^lfl week ere Christmas bell« began to ring in the|9 Jacqoea, the murderer and anarchist ? yea/^afB tbe crime of murder in Paris had been proved 3J against bim— was condemned to die by gaHlo-~J| tine on some sad morning unknown us vet j£9 evea to bis gaolers. '-«H Society would not be rate while so dansertma 3B and unscrupulous an adventurer aa be was a still alive and at large. And I myself was M anxtoaB to know, to feel eure that the dread '^9 eeut«nce of the law was in reality carried iH out. .^B He had sworn to escape, and I was well* 3 aware that there were those in the city who 3 would strain every nerve, move heaven and :-3| earth almost, to enable him to do so. ja| If he escaped my life was not worth a ^9 weeks purchase, and his vengeance mieht 3 even extend to my friend JoceJyn also. 3 I determined to visit him ia bis celL -^i My influence in certain quarters, which ^ must be nameless, procured me a pass to the Ji terrible prison, and in due time I was wsner*a'3l into the dread presence of the Anarchist 'M Jacques. ?. -M me gaoler accompanied me. He had pre- -£? vionsiy warned me not to go too near to him.' '^f| He would spriug and fasten on me, he said, M like a wild beast Jacques sat on faia bed; 'M his elbows on his fcnees, ak lonS white hanS ~JM supporting his head for a momeut I tbmichc- J?9 him asleep. * -=sl ' Jacques r I-airl. --'*H fie raised his head and eye* at once -il ' You here ?1f he muttered. ' ^M 'Iain here.' ' ^m 'Come to triumph over uie?' '--|g 'I have no such intent. If sorrow forV-3| being like you cuuld find a place in my heart1- ;« 1 would mourn your sad fate.' - -?*sB ' Why are you here, then V -.'3H 'I have come to say farewell, and to t&gm; you I hare forgiven von.' -7=ffl 'Is that all?' *?9 ?' What else sboul.J there be ?' , M He laughed hoarsely , ecomf ally. ':'£3j ' My friend the Major ia alive and well' Hal ** Yon lie !' %^|| ' I speak the troth. Thpre was an accident. ''*§ Voor paramonr or lover is dead. Yonr '?' S ?iiffennfiB at the hands of the executioner will ^ he as nothing to the torm»nt« she endure*- r^ before kind death stepped in to relieve her.' . ~gj A change that wm in,tonr.neooa came OTOr '£& his dark and handsome fw*. It was lit op Jf ?nil a gleam of joy thai » inde»cribable. -M ,. ' A?dj ''''' Ia-l-i«ii 'I most eayfaremJI: 'r3& -May God forgive yoa, as. oL' -3 'Stay !'? he criM. 'You have made me ~M happy. Inexpressibly happy. She, my love, -$£ my own, has gone before. She will meet :-M me— he craned himself as he spoke— 'on .\'d§ the radiant shore. 1_I_I_' ' iSj He clasped his left hand across his eyes, bi» ^T- BtronR frame shook with the sobs he cooM ? .-?- not restrain, and tears, genuine tears, came V-* welling through his fingers. '?? -S Afrer a time he grew more composed. :-§? 'Now welcome death,' he cried; 'soon, -''ig tooa may it come. Then we shall meet.' ^!.-fg ' Advance,' he said, standing erect. 'O&^-£ shake my hand.' .'.£4 ' Do not. 1 -o not,' exclaimed the gaoler. . fr% excitedly. JtC; For one brief moment I hesitated. Sot -?*&'' '^ ih* doomed man's qjy.s met mine, and I fait I s-':-t-£ Lad nothing to fear. -:^Sei I stepped up and shook his cold hand. ?' jfg ??Adieu!' he said. Adien ! and ? ' ?Hm 'And what I' . ?3gR ' Yon may pray for me !' ;. -JgS ^?XortatgooaeaH ,;.^| 'I will, I ml]! Adieu!' ' I left the celL Just oace again I saw the man. It was a bitter cold, dark morning, and he was walking with steady step and firm to his doom. As he stood by the terrible instrument, while every bead in the awe-atricken mob wae unbared, be raised his voice and shouted in French : *' Lrfmglive anarchy ! Down with tyrants !' Next moment he was seized by the shoulder, and his body fell forwards with a dull thud. A few seconds more and Jacques was do Spring had returned ; the second spring since the tragedy at Raven's Nest. The earth had been awakened from her long winter's sleep by the glad eongB of a thousand birds. Green were the fields, starred with daisies, and draped with many a wee wild flower, peeping coyly heavenwards from bank and brae. Softly whispered the winds as they toyed with the silken leaves of the lindon or ches* nut, or sighed through the needle verdure of the crimson- tipped larches, venturing only od a bolder song as they lighted and swayed the dark foliage of pine-tree or fir, while every brooklet and rill joined their rippling mnsic to ax-ell the glad chorous that all nature united to in raising. It was indeed a gladsome tune. No time tor sorrow, though. O, no, no ; one glance at the blue rifta in the sky, or the sunshine shimmering in cheoqaere through the waving trees was enough to rejoice the saddesr heart. I had two little maidens staying with me at The Jcngle, and there they had been for many weeks, for next to dogs I dearly love the com panionship of innocent childhood. Bat here I had dogs and children both, and on this lovely epriug morning they were all together tumbling on the tennis lawn . It would have been difficult indeed to have said which was the maddest, the merriest, or the dafteat of those four. Had you come to any rapid conclusion on this point you might have been glad to change your mind next minute. Here was Hurricane Bob, my noble Newfound land, for example, with a garland of gowans round bis neck, lying on his broad back and kicking hie heels in the sunny air ; and there was Wasp, my wiry little Scottish terrier, feathering round and round the group in a circle, so fast you scarce could see him, and yonder, one on each side of Hurricane Bob, was Jocelina (Lily's Gowan) and poor motherless Molly Lloyd, and their laughing voices made the sweetest music I thought that ever I bad heard. The mavis on the cedar tree was, I teel certain, of the same opinion, for there was emulation, if not jealousy., in every note of hia sweet and ringing Bong. My dear friend Jocelyn was away in Scot land, but he was expected home this very afternoon, and it was probably this fact that made us all, to-day, feel bo happy, so daft, and so joyfuL We were going to meet him, too, at the station. Hurricane Bob and Wasp, Molly, Uowan and my humble self. I bad ordered dinner, &ad; looked forward as eagerly as a schoolboy ou a holiday to meeting J oss once more. Bat there would be weeks before as of this bricht and beautiful weather, and what we should do, or what we snouid not no, was yet hidden in the revolving kaleidoscope of events. All we did know, and of this we were per fectly certain, was that we meant to enjoy ourselves jost as much and as well as we knew how to. I must mention one or two odds and ends here, as lone '* I remember them. First, then, the Haven's Nest was sold, Jocelyn bad suffered far too much sorrow within its walls ever to wish to dwell there again. Secondly, the Major's friend, pocr old » olouel Singleton, was dead and gone. Thirdly, Lena Smart, the late Mrs. Lloyd a maid, was married. That grocer lad was a lucky fellow, I thick, to get for his wife a faith ful lass like Lena. I never paid money more willingly away than I paid that fifty pounds, and to bis honour be iv told, Joss himself added another fifty to it. Lena haa always a smile for me when I go past her cottage door, and more than once ahe has shown me a wee, early-beaded boy, bolding it up in her arms to be admirei, and saying, ' Isn't it just ? like George, sir?' ? I don't think there is much else worth re cording, so I returned to Jocelyn. W* were all there at the option to meet him, and we all wanted to ehake bands with him or hug him at one and the same time. Joss had to walk out of the station bare headed, because my Hurricane Bob had seized him »nd run off with his hat, a way of showing his respect for hit master's best friends rhat the noble dog n^ver missed a chance of putting into practice ** I declare to you, Josa, I said as soon as we got seared iuthe brougham, I uever flaw vuu looking stronger, younger, or boomer.' ' 4'0h, 1 feel splendid,' said Joss, modestly 'Now come, mofl ami, trot out your cigar ' Now,' he added, lighting up and leaning back in the carriage, while Molly cuddled close to bia broad chest. ' Now, Gordon, I confess to you that 1 do feel the truth of the dear old song, * There is do place like hom» !' ** Ah ! and right well did my friend know that at the Jungle he was really and truelv a* home, so no wonder he sighed a sigh of aaUsf&ctionand; relief when the carriage drew upat the gate and we all began todisembark. Yes, we spent a downright happy time, and weeks on weeks of it too. till spring merped into summer, and the Jungle gardens were radiant with the roses of June. 'What do yon think,' said Jocelyn, one day as we sat at our early breakfast. The dogs were there, and the oats and the parrot, said the postman had jrat brought the letter-bag, bnt the chidren had not yet come down. ' What do you think, Gordon V ** Something very nice I know from the smiles that are playing * lollow- your-leader' across that sun-burned face of yours.' ' Well, I daresay it is rather nice. At least, it isn't anything very dreadful you ' Out with it then, Joes ; don't keep a fellow in suspense. *' '* Well, we Are all going down to Chicbester. I love the dear, old town. There are Bplendid walks all about— and— and I may be able to find some bits suitable for a picture. ' I laughed so heartily that the cups and saucers rattled on the table. 'Oh, you sly old dog, Joss. Shall I tell you what other attraction there is V ' Well, Lily Andrews is on a visit at ber aunt's and sister's !' ' Who could have told yon ?' '* I guessed it from your dice. Kay, never look so shy, as the Bong says ; bat you are perfectly right, and we shall etart to-morrow.' ' Hurrah !' cried Joss. Then he ate a breakfast that a man -o'- war sailor coald hardly have stowed away. ** tii, we aia au go auwn 10 v^mcaester — Joss and I, the children ; Hurricane Bob and Wasp. Three pairs of us it will be noted, and wandering along the lanea or through the woods, it would have been difficult to say which pair managed to secure the greatest Bat shortly after our arrival at Chichester a fourth pair joined us in oar rambles. This was composed of Lily herself — who with her somewhat chastened beauty, looked, I thought, more interesting than ever, and her second sister. I left Joss as much as possible with \M\\\ while I walked on with the rest. Bat we lost the pair one afternoon al together, and eloaminc shadows were alreadv creeping down over the sweet summer woods ere we found them again. They were seated together on the rustic bench on which they bad eat years and years ago, when Jocelyn made that pledge he had so faithfully kept, to be Lily's adopted brother. Major Jocelyn Lloyd stood up at once, and advanced (o meet us* No shyness now. There was the man and Boldier id his every look and beating. He held Lily by the band. ** Gordon,' he said, ' my more than friend, you must be Lily's brother now, for I am going to be ber husband-' Then Lily drew the children towards her, Molly Lloyd and her own mountain daisy, Jocelina. fcbe kissed them both, while tears stood in her eyes. ' Yon are Bisters now, darlings, sisters now So ends the story of my dearest friend, Major Jocelyn Lloyd. Happiness had come at last, and with it calm, and peace, and sympathy. THE E-VB. Miss Hammock : ' I think it u a fanny idea that your husband should send bis letters to you typewritten everyday.' Mrs. Piazza : ' Not at all. It was my idea. It keeps both him and the typewriter in mind that he has a wife,' A teacher in Sunday-school took for a sub ject '* The L ord loveth a cheerful giver. ' She inquired if any one knew what it meant, when a little four-year-old boy said, ' Miss L, I know what that means. ' ** Well, George Edwin, what is it ?' ** It means give me a whole lot and don't cry over it.' *' Are yon the proprietor of this restaurant?' said the man who had waited for his order until he became sleepy. ' Yes, sir. What can I do for you ?' *' Too can give me some information. I want co know whether you have told the waiter to stay away »o that yon can bring in a bill for lodgiugB against roe,' ' I have a little device here than will save yon lots of time' Business man : ' My dear cir, things are so quiet that I don't know what to do with the time I have. I had an hoar's conversation with a boob agent yesterday, and t tried to get him to stay longer, but lie wonldnt.' 