EOMFT 1SD THE NINO, Picture a Ions, rollins sea. and a low. stormy sky: light tip the westward with a balefui as if a furnace door, leagues wide, were flung opeu: switch across a thin hand of black purple where the lurid clouds join the sea : cover all the water with a sheet of rushing spray like steam: then Imagine a hot ro.-irinsr wi2id. driving aluinbied old ship along wirh a snow-white bed of foam ever rolling from the bows: and you have the Ariadne, with Monte Video for the purple streak astern, and the hot -pampero" blowing. The ship was the last afloat or in a wrecker's yard to take to herself such a name. She was a rusty, paint-begrudged old barque: hog-backed, too. Her sails were ill- fitting, and patched in everv seam: at present she did not show mucij d or cliem. Her inky-black spars were nearly stripped. She rolled and plunged, creaked and groaned, while the orew snugged her down for the gale , , „ — Thev matched the ship. The men in the waist had stopped with ( the ropes half coiled on the pins. Something had happened. They were staring aft at the ship's officers", and thev in their turn were, staring overthe 'cap- Sirif f b „°i 1 l (i , ers ae cabin. A,little mice of ii gift not more tlian foimJraai-s old sat on the locker under the* skvhght, and soberly gazed back at the heads in the doorway. She had a bright bine cloak round her, and a vivid veliow nandkerehief over her curls and tied under her chin, it was like the setting of a bunch of flowers in a marine store iVow. this ship of all shins branded "tramp.' from her copperless keel to her paintless truck. Since davbreak all hands had been trimming the ship to run. and here was breakfasttime:hhdi:ue ship snugged down—and a jjassengei:.! Aever before, had, one crossed her deck or stowed a,trunk in her cabip. And here was ojiebelow. and tliatdiie.' of all people, a helpless child; "Where "dijl you come from ? Who brought you here?"gasj>ed. the old mail; at the little, yellow^decked head. "Tunic tooked me. an'I'm BellpSteve. d injiueer's nino." said the little one. with confidence. The old man rnbbed his nose and mopped hisihotraee.^ ^TS^U!" turning toMs officers, "this is a bare" pole-sarcher. Nobody know?. Htm IComfv.-smart- vou limb of the dark." " " "Ise coming. iali.",and the black cook hurried from the gallev* "Who's this?" "Lady passenger, sqji!" " Can't I see ? But who in thunder brought her on board?" :* "Lady br'o her at daybreak. Said us take mos' big care of her. So promised, sah/' "You addle-headed nigger. Why didn't you tell her we arn't a passenger boat*-' Why didn't you fetch me?" \Sc-use me. sah: you mighty busy in de dark, an' de lady said all her baggage in your cabin 'waiting her ma.""' "Utter nonsense. Nobodv brought any. It's a put-up Lord. I see it all!" turning to the mates. " Some silly woman has mistaken us for the Europa. and here we are bowling out to sea aud not .a ghost of a chance to put back. Whew! Let's think it out'' The court of inquiry adjourned to the deck, and the nigger passed in. The captain scowled at the spreading fire-colored vapors rolling up astern. Then he cast a sour glance at the trailing foam In his wake. He wagged his head gltunlv. ' Guess we'll have enough to do to hold our scalps on before dark. There's not putting back against that!" The officers nodded in unison. He broke out again. "This Ls a fix! Why. she ain't any togs! Only a stand-up kit Oh! if my old woman weren't in Bootle.'* He moved to the skylight " Komfy. get the kid something to eat" "Dat's what dis son's doiug of. sah." "And something to drink." "Yes. sah! How much water am I to put in 0' ram?" "None, you scallywag. Give it milk and water and some susar. d'v hear?" "Mos' certain, sah." "And send the carpenter aft to fix a "berth up for her." The old man swung up and down, peering under the eaves of his eyebrows at the ever- spreading dull glow, as he paced aft. and at the straining, scant sail, as lie paced forward. At every halt he «hook his head, and muttered". "No help now. she's got to go." The day wore on. and it came to night The ship was far off the land, and racing over hills and through white phosphorescent. valleys of water. She leaped, and reeled and burst shuddering through the lolling seas. The "pampero*' screamed and whistled through the weather-beaten cordage. Men splashed along the flooded decks in short inns, when the watch time came, to relieve the wheel: and the men from the wheel crept limp and aching to the fo'c'sle. In the cabin the little nino lay in the berth watching with wide- open eyes the black shadows from the lamp crawl to and fro on the deck above. She heard the dull thuds of the sea breaking over the stern: now and again short rushes of heavy-booted men and the flinging down of ropes answered loud orders roared on deck. Ever and again wet oilskin-covered men came in. Then the nino's eyes closed for the men came softly—though the old ship's timbers creaked and groaned terribly—and gently fastened the 'beddinc more securely in the new bunk. At last the tired eyes closed in earnest, and Belle fell asleep without fear. She had been born on the Pampas, and the town child's little tiick of questioning was not hers. She had only seen implicit obedience to her father's ordeis. And Belle had come down the noble Parana river a thousand miles, with a kiss from her father, to sail witli her mother. Surely the little nino was not a 1'raid to be among these sailors after passing down the river with half savages. And the wind and plunging ship! What were they after the dark, trackless forests brooding under the. noonday sun ? And the night time, when they were on fire for leagues, and wild things howled and screamed .and fought von the banks. and swam round the boat with gleaming eye^ ? They bad told her to,sleep then, and she had slept. "You must !»e a good nino." her father said. So Belle was a r good nino. The morning broke, and the ship had outrun the "pampero." Aloft and on the decks men were busy covering the naked spars with swelling sails. The rising sun brightened the smoke eddy ing from the galleychimney. It rose higher, and crept under the" foot of the foresail, arid eyery.time (the ship stooped her old a flash ol light swept into' t$e-r,&aoegp; '-"Kp^ty" there resplehdeftrin atsoldiiw's^ed cta.t and white belt. \ It. was SuMayCspiorri log.' " " . h \ 1 He was scratching his (wool en -deep perplexity. The fresh milli: had l?een finished last night yet the niiio ipust" have breakfast ,0n the poop the captain and second mate tramped up airf? down: 'they were perplexed.-too. - The old man wagged his head. , "Well, McBinks. I take it that duty's - duty, •whether it ? s a woman's or a man's. Now, being no woifian here, and the duty to be done—mind you, none of our bringing—why, we're got to do. it Lucky the little chit) ain't sick." The mate burst out enthusiastically: "Now, that's what I was thinking. This nipper's got points about her. My kids TH have to be eoaxed and kissed and banged to make 'em go tombed. .Why, bless me. after we shipped that bis? ssea I slipped down to see if she were all right. Not turned a finger! Lay there a smiling in her sleep ! However, the duty's to be done, captain, as you say. and more so as we're both married men and nippers of our own.'' The two men pulled themselves together and gingerly entered the cabin. The skipper slipped his head out again and sent a square, forcible, command to keep the ship steady. Belle was sitting up in her berth. "Please, may I get up?" "Bless your heart, of course. Hold on, now.'" Tliey helped her out and l>egan to undertake their "duty." The lead-liae cask was half filled with warm water, and they commenced to tub the child. The second mate prouced a "levy"of handkerchiefs to act as towels. . It was wonderful to see the big. knotted, brown hands of the skipper pat, patting so gently the "little, rosy back. Belle was dried, and sat on a reefer waiting orders. The two old men were staring at one another and then at the little heap of clothes. They were lost in dismay. The skipper whispered—at least he meant to, but it w^s a goodtoned rumble—"Which came off last?" "Dun'no." said the' mate, rubbing his chin: Belle said, "Please may I put my things on ?" Both men slapped one another's knees. " . "Now. there's a clipper for you!" and forthwith made a fence of their big ,fists round lier, for the ship was still rolling. The dressing difficulty was no sooner got ever than another cropped up. Komfy reported. "No milk!" But this was triumphantly got over in the same way. The little one could drink coffee and eat bacon. -• . "Well,^ said the old ma.u-as he turned ill. "things don't look so black windward now." Belle went ondeck in the cook's arms: ,She shouted with deligln as the' seas rolled', Tip' and swept: along tbe:old tramp's sides. And when duty called Komfy to his galley, wasn't there the whole fo'c'sle crowd waiting to train as nurses?—sea-nurses, that is. That,afternoon the sail-maker entered the cabin as a dressmaker. He had much,advice-though but little material. However, there were some odd remnants of bunting lying in the . lockers, and what was lacking in style was made up in color. The 1 ship steadily ploughed.her casting to get the S;E. trades. As the days went by the" nino became a centre from which all things were ruled. It was a dirty day: well, the best hands were at the wheel dogging the old square bows through the seas, as -dry. as dry could lie. It was a fine day: good: a swing was rigged up under the boom, and the nino swung and watcher! the blue seas run past and saw the clouds solemnly sailing up from the horizon. But of all her new friends the negro was the chief. On a fine day. and work done, he would seat the nino on the galley locker and shut the weather door. "Put on soldier." the nino would say. and Komfy presently strutted in with his red coat and white belt and saluted gloriously. Then,as the dusk fell, he and the nino would watc-li the purple deepening on the sea. and here and there a trembling star peep out from the sky. and watch and watch until the Southern Cross was glittering overhead. "There goes d' dragon," the nino would say. Then the nigger's yellow eyeballs shone in the firelight as he eerily whispered, "Whof fo" you call de clou'd' dragon ?" "De.v swallow up de stars at night. See ! dere he go, he's eateu half d' cross up!"' The nigger would rumble a big. deep "O—oo—aye." and crane his head round the door and whisper hi thrilling confidence to one of the watch smoking under the galley lee : "Dis chile in heali Obee chile, an' can put d' blight on yo—soh mind!" Then the hoarse voice of the skipper would roll along the dark deck. "Bed-time, Belle Steve's nino ! Lay along. Komfy. Steady at the wheel while she comes." It was Komfy's part to march aft and hand her to the skipper, solemnly salute, and return his coat to its box, ready for the next day. It«ame to the last day of the casting, and sorrow came on board. The sky was full of dragons that night and tflie nino was tired. Iu the morning her breakfast was uutouched. Komfy was deep in woe. "Fse made it clar an' juicy; whof fo* you no eat him ?" But the little head was weary. It was hot. too. and wanted to keep it down. That afternoon found the old man and the mates sitting round the berth, helpless as children to face the trouble. The nino was delirious and talking fast in a strange tongue. The medicine chest was open on the floor, and exposed its shameless array of empty holes and half-filled bottles. The old man turned the leaves of the medieiue-'viok with his big, rough thumb. "Now, if it was only yellow-jack or cholera—see, we eould just mix up for that—is there enough in that one ? Yes." "But it ain't." broke in the mate. "It's likely one of them eussed shore fevers." He turned round and replaced the clothes the little, restless hands threw off. The old man closed the book, and sat staring across the cabin, ruefully shaking his head. There came a patter of bare feet, and Komfy's big frame loomed dark against the twilight streaming through the cabin door. "Cap'n, ship way to wind'ud. big ship, an' mos' shuah of doctahF The old man seized the glasses, but the mate, took them from him and sprang up the rigging in big lifts. "Slake sail, sir." he hailed down. "She's a passenger boat dead true."' And "he came surging down the rigging. Then the old man's .voice broke out. and the hands below tumbled out and leaped aloft. "More sail!! Another sweat on the sheet forward there. Stand along, you holy-grub scoffers! Another sweat on the main : taek! Smart now! Altogether, make your bowline screech forward there. I tell you. Lift it, lift it That's the style. "More sail yet! She'll stand it! Smart boys. * Hold on. all. Home with the sheets. Let her have it!- • Let her have it! She's got to go. Soh! coil up, men, and get your wind." And the crowd of hot. panting men trimmed the loose ends, and hung on to fche belaying pins from sheer exhaustion. : The old. barque leant over, and lifted and burst at the seas; the foam Roared in her hawse and over the catheads. It swilled along the decks, and burst at the poop break. The night wind roared up with the dark. The reeling masts whipped at tlie dragons racing up between them aiid the distant ship. On and on— tliere! the far ship had vanished in the darkness. A dark rocket flamed up from tlie barque's deck—another and yet another: until at last a faint streak of lire shot up on the Jiorizon. and burst into a little cluster of falling stars. The dragons could not swallow them, they were too quick. Komfy chuckled as he E QUORN MERC hung in the rigging, watching. On roaTed < the bajque through the darfe seas: on until a shadow began to grow ahead, and twintling lights break out. On. until she swept under the stern of the shadowy mass, from which came the surging volleys of beating sails and chafing gear. A bail came across the black sea. "What d'vorr want ?" "Got a doc-tor 3" "Aye. aye." "Stand by for -mir boat." Komfy was the first man in the barques boat as it left the side. Before another ten minutes hart passed, a skilful hand was feeling the little wrisi and smoothing the Iiot brow, while the grizzled old skipper and his mates gathered round the little ship that labored so heavily in the of fever. Hope and fear, l'ear mid 1 hope, chased one another in the dingy ealria. Hope at last drove fear away to' tfte dragons and the dark, wet night, "We'll tow the little sfrip' into port yet. Captain, some hot blankets." "Aye. aye. Hot blantcecs 'tis, sir!" And away they rushed, a'avi tfte sparks swirled up from Komfy's- chimney. There was running of" men like powder monkeys, with the- blankets rolled tight and hot under their jackets. "Captain." said the doctor;-rn a lull, "you've giveu us a terror" of a chase. We're the Europa. and have- tins little one's mother on board. Dtatft signal who you are till we get thfe niha standing into port." " "Aye. aye." And througih the night trie meni . sat round the doctor, and- as tlie little brow grew moist and the little liandfc, grew quiet, they ribdded and slapped'one another's knees.' Komfy at; the dbojr. seeing this, passed the news forward in a howl of triumph. And' from the Danes: Finns. Swedes and English of the' forecastle a rolling' cheer; went across the night to the shadbwy ship 'beyond. Back in its proper* time* cause the an'swering erho. for it is tlie'law of itlie Goth crowd that a cheer must be answered by. a chger, andsa Slow by a blow, the second one being; lieaviier than the one received. . When the sun leapt up (there was not a dragon in the sky) the mother was on board the-old tramp. She was kneeling by: the little berth, citing and laughing by turns, and kissing the little brown hands. The two ships were heading for San Roche together; the * big ' clipper with 1 shortened sail to keep pace with the old' Square-bowed tramp. Three days thus,: and then the Ariadne's rigging was covered with her crew, cheering three tinies three to Belle as they'carried her tip the big ship's, side. And all the time the little nino watched the red 1 coat on the rigging, until it was lost a midst the pa tched and diug.v huddle of the old tramp's sails dropping astern. At sunset the clouds .were packed on the horizon, and the distant ship seemed to lose its way among them and 1 disappear. A cloud high up took on to itself a red glow from the setting sun. The nino cried to her mother. "See,- d' dragons have swallowed all but Komfy. See. see. he's' climbed up the sky to* fight dem. Fight, Komfy!"— "Strand Magazine." 