flood ai\d field. (BY CAPTAIN COB). Of the Perth Cup horses seen out at Canning Park last Saturday, Newbold may be labelled chance-less. Of the others Steadfast, whose party could hardly have lost a mint of money over him in the December Handicap, And Dryden, who will like the two-mile race, are worthy of most respect. Persuasion was in the paddock at the Canning last Saturday, but the astute G. A. Towton preferred to trust to Tarquin •downing Kilt in the Spring StakeR, for two and three year olds. The best laid scheme did not " gang aft aglee." Tarquin won liandBomely, but' Kilt is sure to improve before Derby Day, and his reversing Satur- \- day's positions with the Neckersgat colt is a strong probability. Consequences of Smith's _ attempts at handicapping again — Mining Magnate ^eorge Oray, dissatisfied with the treatment "ofTrentham in the Perth Cup, has ordered Towton to return his couple of Bill o' Portland two-year-olds to Victoria. Gray prefers to let Dakin handicap the youngsters rather than Smith. He is displaying wisdom in his generation. Does any one recollect, or rather does . anyone forget, the column letter written to one of the dailies by Towton the Great, on thesubjectof Smith's handicapping justabout a month ago ? There are those that allege that, while Towton's name wais signed to the epiBtle referred to, it was written by .another party altogether. But the said letter didn't bluff other owners one atom. The men racing locally are not all sandgropers, dull of comprehension. •Bookmaker Charlie Watson nominated Amnesty for the Perth Cup in all good faith. Had the mare been handicapped any way reasonably, she would have been sent around from Melbourne to take part in the race. Watson, dissatisfied with her weight, • dropped her out of the race before second payments were due. Had he been other than a white little fellow, C. W. would have paid the second payment and let backers nibble at her up to the day of the racc. But there's nothing like that about Watson. The Totalisator Act has been so amended in South Australia, that the racing clubs may run " five bob " windows in their totes —the happy medium. The Canning Park proprietary should abandom the half-crown machine in the grand stand, patronised as much by youths and men as by the ladies, fq»r whose sole use it was arranged, and run a five shilling machine on the flat and the grand stand buildings. An " all-rounder " of a very useful sort is Mr. M'Leau's prad The Provost. He . earned, and is entitled to, the distinction of being the champion hurdler of this colony, and in the bands of our orack jockey, downed some of our best handicap horseB in -the December Handicap last Saturdy. With the minimum, or thereabouts, in the Perth Cup, The Provost would have possessed a rosy ontside chance. Slab from the training notes in one of the dailies, not the Maideu Lady's paper— "Onslow and theNew Woman potteredabout and woundup with a " useful go." A par like that must please His Honor the Chief Justice, after whom the colt was christened. To a non-sporting man the reference to the training work of the two horses reads very much like, well—just read it slowly ana surely. Fremantle summer meeting to-day (Saturday). The possibilities are:—Flying Stakes, Blue Bell or Try Again ; Pony Race, Roy or Orphan; Fremantle Handicap, Speculation (if sent); Members' Race, Galant; Galloway Handicap, Darkness or Moonlight II. The successful Irish horse Winkfield's Pride crossed the English Channel and won the Prix du Conseil Municipal, a weightfor-age race, one mile and a half, run at Paris on the 3rd of October. The race was worth £4,000. There were sixteen starters, and Winkfield's Pride srarted favorite at 5 to 4. Megaphone, who is now 10 years old, having been foaled at Rosevale m 1887, is to be put in training again in New Zealand, be has been, serving mares for the last 6easou or two. He is said to be quite sound, and able to gallop as fast as when he ran Carbine to a neck at Randwick. A youth, well brought up and,quiet in general public demeanor, but a Tartar in private, recently received his jockey's license, long withheld, from the W.A. Turf Club. The boy should never have been registered. His associates are a class known to and shadowed by the police, and yet thiB lad may be employed by a straightgoing owner to ride for him, ana take him down. One of the best two-year-olds in America this season is a colt named Hamburg, by Hanover. He recently carried 9st 715 ana won the Great Eastern Handicap, a twoyear-old race, running the five furlongs in lmin. 1 1-5th sec. There was a delay of fifty minutes at the post; and touohing on this, one well-known racing authority says that never in his experience had he teen worse conduct on the part of prominent jockeys while at the post. There was an evident intention on the part of a number of the riders to delay the start as long as possible in order that Hamburg's 1351b. might tell against him. There was good racing at Cairns (N.Q.) on the Oth ot November. The heroine of the meeting was Mr. Ross's mare Dorothy, who won the last four raceB on the programme, the aggregate distances being three and a half miles. She carried lOst. 71b. in the Hack Race (lmin. 51sec.), 8Bt. 101b. in the Bracelet (lmin. 52&sec.;), list, in the Half-mile Flutter (52 2-5s'ec.), and lOst. in the Forced Handicap, one mile, lmin. 52£sec. Her. total winnings were £31, and she was offered for £25 after the meeting. Mr. F. Pyne rode the mare on each occasion. There are jockeys registered by the Western Australian Turf Club who could write a most exhaustive and authoritative treatu on " How to Ride a Dead'un." Johnny Armstrong had a mount or two, or three, at Canning Park last Saturday, but the stewards saw nothing. I particularly noted that the greater number of stewards at the Canning last Saturday used binoculars. But mi bono ? They couldn't see further than the ends of their nasal organs if they missed observing the trouble one jockey experienced to lose a certain race. Had any such exhibition of cronk riding been given by a rider of a favorite in an important handicap he would have been kilt entirely. But there was no such instance last Saturday. There will not be a great amount of antepost betting on the Perth Cup. Le Var is favorite, and it will need a lot of money to be planted on any other to oust last year's W.A. Derby winner from the position. "The stable" are biting at Yale Lock for the Railway Stakes. Le Var and Yale Lock—a very good combination. But Le Var and Steadfast, Le Var and Swithinween, Le Var and Common are better picks. Snapshot and Dryden for the Cup, coupled with Swithinween, Steadfast, and Common for the Railway Stakes, are also good doubles possibly procurable at a cut rate. Owner Kidman had the sympathy of gold-fields sportsmen, in addition to that of all metropolitans,in connection withSmith's ill-treatment of Blackwood in the Perth Cup handicap. " He must have made a mistake of a stone," wrote one Coolgardieite to Common's owner. Smith's iucom]jetehcy as a handicapper was sung about during the week in a topical song at the Perth Olde Englyshe Fayre—the height of his fame * * • Several cycling events will be included in the programme for the Fire Brigades' Domonstration to be held on the W.A. Cricket Association Ground on the night of Tuesday, January 4. '98. The Northam C.C. is in debt to the tune of £20. C. Morrison left for the Eastern Colonies on Wednesday last. He will compete in events at the Australian Natives' meeting on January 26, '98. The League of W.A. Wheelmen has a credit balance of £84 odd. Harry Ives reared up at the third quarterly meeting of the League of W.A. Wheelmen last Friday night, and asked for leave to introduce a motion providing for the exclusion of Press representatives at committee meetings. Leave was refused on a show of hands. One for Ives. Clipped from Ike Tocsin, the Melbourne workers' weekly :—" A syndicate has been formed to build an up-to-date racing track in the centre of Perth. If the track can be completed and ready for use in a few months, great things may be expected from the Westralian riders. There are several very good riders among the ' sandgropers,' notably G. D. Stotter, J. P. Clairs, Morrison, Chidlow, and Cooper, and if these men have the advantage of a good training track they should soon prove a match for the Eastern cracks, if not for our English visitors." The goldfields cycling clubs, Kalgoorlie and Menzies in particular, have recently ignored the rules and regulations of the League of W.A. Wheelmen in allowing dis- S[ualified riders to start. The one remedy or the League to adopt is to shut down on the offending clubs aud their members. Prohibit the latter competing at any metropolitan meetings. * * • The team to represent the Australians in the first test match has been ohoBen, and as Giffen firmlydeclines to. play, the eleven is about the best that oould oe picked in Australasia. Some people thought that Noble should have been one of the first seleoted, out. Fisher, the New Zealander, was thought to have a chanee of being inoluded in the Australian eleven, but I hardly think he iB class enoogh to play against the Englishmen .. flydo they grovel so to Georee Giffen ? George distinctly stated he would not play in the first test match, and yet the selection committee include him in the eleven and then deluge him with telegrams asking him to change his mind. Anyone would think that from the way he is treated, George is a little god, but I am heartily glad, after all this nonsense, George is not going to play, and I hope the selection coin, mittee will not pick him to represent Australia in any of the five test matches. The Australian team is very strong in batting, but deplorably weak in bowling. The only trundlers they have arc McKibbin, JoneB, Trumble, McLeod, and Trott as a change, but after the way the Englishmen have treated all these bowlers in the recent matches, anyone may expect a large score when the Englishmen go in to bat. Stoddart told a newspaper reporter the other day that we had not seen Ranji at his best, but only a "colorable" imitation of him. What prioe our bowlers in th® test matches when " Ranhitswiftly" gets going! I wonder if there is the ghost of a show of Stoddart's team visiting this colony ? Of oourse it is all very well for Wardill and Sheridan to chuckle to themselves and think how wise and how clever they are in demanding what amount they like before the Englishman can pay us a visit. I would like that great supporter of cricket, Lord Sheffield to have charge of this English team, and he would soon show these two officials what it was to be a sportsman. He would not cavil at the expenses, but if he thought there was a chance of reviving or improving cricket in Western Australia, he would instantly bring hiB team over here, no matter what the expense might be. Did he not do this in Victoria when cricket was at a very low ebb, at a great loss to himself ? Lord Sheffield is a true sportsman iu every sense of the word, but 1 cannot say the same of Wardill and Sheridan, who seem to want to make every penny they can. A. C. Maclaren still continues to go in for record breaking. He holds the record for the highest score in 'a first-class match, scored over a hundred in his first appearance in first-class cricket, made three centuries in county matches in England in succession, has scored more centuries in Australia than any other Englishman, and now has capped this by making two centuries in the match against New South Wales, and aUo three centuries fn succession. Harry Stuckey, the East Melbourne batsman, is in fine form this year, as playing for his club last Saturday against Carlton, he compiled the mammoth score of 298, and only gave one chance, and that was when his score was 173. The East Melbourne score was 635. Melbourne also put up a decent score against South Melbourne (who were without Harry Trott) making 499, towards which G. Moysey. who was playing In the place of Trumble, scored 122. North Melbourne, the premiers ot Victoria in 1895, seem to have fallen on evil ground this year. They lost their first two matches, and now Hawksburn has scored 256 runs against them for the loss of only three wickets. What a terrible collapse there was when Perth won the tosB and went in to bat against the Karakattas. Six wickets fell for 21, and it was only the two last batsmen who put any life into the game. George Parker, who did not play a strict legal game, carried out his bat for 33, and in the end the total reached the respectable number of 112—a much larger score than was expected after the disastrous start. Tho Karrakattas did not make a much better show with the bat, and their form was by no means worthy of the premier team of last season. > It was not until the eighth wicket fell that they succeeded in the easy score set them by the Perth olub. The bowling of K. King for the Perth team was the cause of the collapse of the Kats, and as this is King's first appearance in senior cricket^ he will no doubt make a name-for himself as a bowler. I had. a chat ;with one of the prominent members of the Kate, ond lie explained that the collapse of his team was due to the wicket being bad. This excuse may solace his own feelings, but what about the Fremantle team, who, playing on the next pitch, and against better bowling, scored 289 for eight wickets. What an extraordinary captain the Perth team has! When the Karrakattas were in a sorry plight, aud wickets were falling rapidly, the game looked as good as won for the Perth team. G. Parker made the extraordinary mistake of putting on a fast bowler, and thus lost the match. I never had much of an opinion'of Parker as a captain, and I think less of him after this. Why did he not put 011 a slow bowler? which was the correct-thing to do. Why cannot the Fiist-rate Junior Association have umpires appointed for their matches the same as the seniors have? Why, on the Esplanade pitches last Saturday I saw two umpires both give wrong decisions in giving the batsmen out, and then after the opposing sides had protested, both the umpires reversed their decisions and gave the batsmen not out. This is a nice state of affairs, and £ would like to know uuder what rule an umpire is allowed to alter his decision. One of the points in question was .a .peculiar one. A batsman hit a ball which would have easily reached the boundary, and as there was no fieldsman there he did not trouble about running very fast but walked up the wicket. In the meantime a spectator had fielded the ball and threw it to the wicketkeeper, who promptly put down the, wicket, the batsman being out of. his groynd, , The umpire on being .appealed to gave the .batsman out, but directly afterwards.g&ve; him not out. The batsman did not know, what to .dp, but in the <?nd he left the ^k&ets; thoroughly disgusted with the whSte i affair- The Association oughttotakfc this matter u^, as what is the good playing competition matches when an umpire may change his decision as he things fit ?, .Banji is not in the best of health, and it is rather doubtful it he will be jable to play in the first, test match. His absence from the English team would detract a lot of interest from the match,, as he. is without doubt the most attractive member of the English team. • The Englishmen are both amused and indiguant with the Sydney crowd, amused at the worship of Rapji and indignant at the way Garrett was chivvied at in the recent match. The Englishmen's batting average for the three "colony" matches leave Banji at ths head of the list with 97. Storer is a close second with an average of 94, Mason 62, Maclaren 56. Megson had an easyjbask in the Victorian Brassard contests. He.. won the mile by three and a half lengths,.and if he did not beat Forbes .by more than half .a length in ten miles, it was solely because he was satisfied that that was enough. Lesna, who did Australia fco picturesquely with a retinue of. servants, has gone aown three times before. Michael in America. The men met in three matches over 20, 25 and 33-miles, and Michael walloped out the Frenchman .by four yards, a lap, and foui laps respectively..^ \- Some of- the linjest. cycling racing ever witnessed.in Australia recently took place at the League Carnival in Melbourne, when Oreen wpn.the Cycl^ft; Plate. The. racing was described .as beiug. very exciting, ana ,worth going miles tq see. • . • v- Jfow. that the .firstheats of the Austral Wheel Race have been run off, it looks as if the. Que^uqejand Champion, Walne, will .anne^sth^^igiprize. .. i • ' SThe C&pe; Arous is responsible for the ..report*etliat C. ,T B. Turner:, late of New -Souih Wales and.now of Queensland, one of the best bowled Australia has ever produced, will take up bis residence iu Johannesburg permanently in a month or two. Thp RoWing 'Clubs of Adelaide and Port 'Adelaide ar& now very busy over the race -for the 6.A. Senior Fours, which takes placethis (Saturday) afternoon, Six crews 'have entered, and a very interesting and exciting finish should result. ' The rdwing in Victoria is at a very low ebb, may be gauged from the fact, that for the Champion Four-oared race of the colony only three crews intend competing ; they are the Mercantile (winners of the past two years), the Banks, and a crew from Ballarat. So far the winner points to the Ballarat crew ; but the Mercs have a very powerful though rough crew, who under Syd. Edwards' coaching should about get home. For the Champion Scuiting race three entries have been received —Chapman of New Zealand, Brown and Donald of Ballarat, and from all accounts Chapman should score a very easy victory. Amongstthe clubs at Ballnrat they have held a ruce to decide who should represent that rowing centre in the sculling race. Walter Dawson, at one time the holder of the championship, was met by Charles Donald (a brother of James Donald, the well known Fremantle oarsman), and after a 6plenuid race, victory rested with Donald, who will now represent Ballarat in the race. Chapman, the representative of Maoriland, has been for the past mouth under Chris. Nielsen's care in Sydney, and the Cornstalks speak well of his abilities as a sculler, and the outlook is that the Victorian Sculling Championship will be taken to New Zealand. Bowing matters locally are dead, with the exception of the Swan River Club, who are holding trial four-oared races next Saturday afternoon, from the jetty at Mili Point to the club's boat house, a distance of £ of a mile, and from the interest taken in theBe races by the members as well as the crews, a splendid afternoon's outing should result. The Fremantle Club are to have their boat house removed to a sight higher up the river, in a much better position. This is caused by their present site being required for the building of the new bridge over the river. Having held possession of this site for so many years, the expense of removal will be borne by the Government. The new committee and office bearers of the West Australian Bowing Club are showing commendable zeal in bringing on the club, aud one of their first actions is the holding of a moonlight excu 'on down the river on Friday evening ne: t. The s.s. Manx Fairy has been engaged by the club, and a strong body of performers has been secured, and, given fine weather, one ofthemoBt enjoyable outings of the year should be the result of this first effort to popularise summer evening excursions on the water. The annual meeting of the West Australian Rowing Association wa6 held on Monday evening last at the Criterion Hotel. There was only a very sparse attt.dence. Mr. James H. Rogers, captain of the Fremantle Rowing Club, being votecl 1 • the chair, the hon. sec., Mr. S, Harkis, read the report for the past season, and gave an exhaustive report on the doings for the year, the principal item being the first attempt by the West Australian rowing men to capture the blue riband of Australasian aquatics, the colony being represented in both the Intercolonial Eight-oar and Amateur Sculling Championship races, and after a splendid race in the eight-oar contest, gained second place ; while Mr. E. Powell was successful in winning the sculling championship. In local rowing matters the report gave and dealt with them fully. The balance-sheet showed the income from all sources to. be £194, while the expenditure, including the trip to Victoria, came to £234, thus showing the association to ha\e a deficit on the year's working of £40. To meet this deficiency it was decided to try and collect the promised subscriptions, and on the motion of Mr. W. R. Horsburgh authority was given the association to strike a levy on all members of the association. The following office-bearers were elected ior the eusning year:—Patron, His Excellency the Governor ; president, Sir George Slienton; vice-president's, Sir James .Lee F'.eere, J. H. Paiker, Q.C., W. H. James, Dr. McWilliame, S. Chipper, F, M. Stone, and R. B. Burnside; hon. secretary and treasurer, Mr, F. Mendoza, • ' A very pleasing ceremony took place at the close of the meeting, in the presentation to Mr, Powell of a massive gold albert watch chain, as a memento ot hie victory in May last iu winning the Amateur Champion Sculling Race of Australasia. Mr. Rogers, in a few but appropriate words, expressed the pleasure he had in handing, 011 behalf of the rowing men, the present to Mr. Powell, and expressed the hope that Mr. Powell would reconsider his decision of retiring from the aquatic world to take up the role of cyclist. Mr. Powell responded in a few neat and appropriate words, but said that he had definitely decided to atauJ^n rowing for good, but that his services would always be at the disposal of the clfibs to help 011 the sport of aquatics. A hearty vote of thanks wws passed to the retiring hon. secretary and treasurer, Mr. S. H. Harris, for his able services during the past season. 