SUNDAY READING. CHRISTIAN ED UCA TION. IjBy If. W. Fahrak, D.D., F.K.S., Dean of Canterbury.] " Tell ye your children of it, and let your children tell their children, and their children another genera tion."—Joel i. 3. . , , ' Those who look bub a little below the sur face are well aware that amid the golden gleams oE national prosperity, on the appa rently placid waters of national life, there is a restless'ground swell in which .lies the menace of future storms. There are not a few at this moment in the overcrowded masses ot the noorer quarter's of our great cities whose Qrmls are beiufr poisoned from .very earij yearn bfthe blight of unbelief, bylhe leprosy of uncleanness, . by the . excitement . of socialistic anarchy. There is one way,, a d oho way only, under God, by which, either,, individually or collectively, endangered souls can be saved. There;.is only one way; by which nations, by which society, by which civilisation, by which anything worth ultimately preserving m. things _wbich ; are pure aud honest and lovely and of goo£. report, can be snatched .from the rush of the future avalanche.. It is by the..faith, the piiritv, the self-respect, which can only be im planted by early training, by an education which is in the highest sense, and in no con ventional sense, truly, deeply, and sincerely re ligious. By "education" we do not mean meie teaching, by any means, but we mean the de velopment of the whole human being . soul, and spirit—into the best of which he is capable. There is the body. A cuild must be trained in soberness lest by spurious excite ment and unhallowed greed he should develop into a bettor'or. a gambler or a vutaan or.^ cheat. He must be trained m temperance, , lest, lower even than the beasts that perish, he become that blighted and abject,, thing, a mere funnel for strong drink. He must be trained in chastity, lest, laym0 j waste the inner sanctities of his being,! he should lie down at last with his bones full of the sin of his youth, and having not.iin„ to give back to God but the dust of his mortal body and the shipwreck of his immortal soul, i No stunted ascetic, full of force and nre, his body trained to pure and hearty service,, it is ; necesQarv, above all, tbaf he should be drilled, i as it has been well expressed, " to make his I passions come to; heel by a strong will, the 'servant of a tender conscience; to love all beauty, whether of nature or of art, to hate all vileness, and to resnect others as himself." His imagination should be a glowing picture gallery of all scenes which are beautiful, so that he must also be developed, mentally. His memory should be a treasure-house of noble example, his intellect stored with knowledge of history and its events, of nature and her operations. Above all, his spirit; which is the divmest part of him, must' be trained to hold intercourse with God. He must regard his whole being as a temple of God, and because righteousness is the very law of God, e\'en the starry heavens above must be less lawful in their majesty than the moral law within. _■ , . , It is not of such wise and holy training tnat the drunkard and the debauchee and the anarchist have cobie; for such education means the development of faculty as a source of happy usefulness, the development of con duct and-of character as a source of noble anct unbroken service to our fellowmeii. A boyso trained will- believe in God the care of .His Providence, the gentleness of His Omnipotent Fatherhood, the perfect hopes which rest upon His justice and His love. He .will believe in man, the glory of his gifts, the grandeur of his individuality, the nobleness of his true and attainable ideal. He will believe m conscience, the integrity of .its guidance, the sanctity of its revelations as • the very voice of God in the soul of man. He will'believe in duty, and. hold that nothing is so fair as the smile upon the face ox that stem yet holy monitress. The beauty „f this world will be to him but as one rose flung down from the summer opulence of heaven— To show what glories j et m store Lie just beyond the temple door. , He will know that, " man doth not live by bread alone." His hie will realise some, at least, of our boundless possibilities. His soul will be like one of those ancient temples which wcro enriched with painting aud sculpture, full of air and music aud incense; and, best .ot all, it will be lighted from above, and mits secret shrine there will do no foul idol, but God Himself will be worshipped there. In the pure home o£ such a one, when he is crown to manhood, love will speed his golden siiafts, and light his constant lamp, and wave his purple wings. He will not seek for happi ness in pleasure only, only to trad disgrace or in fame, to find disillusionment; or in power, to find ingratitude; or in any allurement of the world, the flesh, or the devil to bnd m all these disappointment and destruction. Nor will he be ied through feebler eminences to less pitied destruction, through vice and ignorance to death, beyond which there is a yet deeper death; but, crowned and mitred over himself and over the peaceful kingdom of his own mind, sucb a one so trained, true and sim nle. earnest and diligent, nooje and cheer M and fuU of hope, will make his life a true life indeed, a life which is yet more abundant life, leading to that life beyond ' the earthly load of death called life, which us from death d°He" must he deaf and blind and dumb in vulgar, comfort-loving selfishness who does not see that there is danger in the signs of the times. lhe horizon of the future is by no means free from dark, menacing clouds. Nothing will be so potent to exorcise those demons who are, as it were, spreading their dark wings on their way to the Armageddon battle* and nothing will be so powerful to resist them as wise, Christian education. The working man without religion loses the most distinct sign of his humanity. h?v® subjects who know how to be men. said Napoleon the Great. " A man is not a man without God. I saw men without God,' he says, in the Reign1 of Terror in 1793. One does not govern such men—one shoots them down. That wasrthe testimony of one whose religious feelings were by no means strong; and I .say that if England continues to tram her. boys into true men, into self-respecting Christian men—if she saves them from becoming mere hungers and thirts and fevers and appetites, j then no danger can ever rum her from within and no foe can ever shake her from W There is at this moment a feeling of great uneasiness, of deep and widespread discontent among certain portions of the working classes. The sound of it is like the ground murmur of some swelling and advancing tide. In the mass of the people it finds vent m blind forms pf ill-understood indignation and restlessness, m the temptation to use power for ends impos sible aud disastrous. There is, as an eminent statesman recently observed, a great fer ment of new thoughts, now principles, new aims, new social ideals, new industrial methods and hopes; and at the same time there is a deep impatience of unending discussions which vieid uo fruit, and which tempt men to find a refuge 111 schemes purely visionary and fraught with ultimate catastrone. . . . , It is to the Church of God—that is, to the blessed company of all faithful people—that minds the most seriously earnest look to draw the thunder-flash froui these threatening clouds, to control it into orderly and hallowed service, to prevent it from shattering the azure sleep of I heaven. ?' " I see them rising to their feet," | says the present Bishop of Armagh, " the greatest host that time has ever known, and hear the murmur of millions speaking to millions across the sea in many languages. The generation which is to take our place will certainly judge the church by her works. Choose which you will a church which can rightly interpret the living words of Christ, or a church reactionary and retrogressive, blundering on in ruinous prece dents, extracting from the present only its bitterness, and from the past only its mis takes." Two recent books by writers not of the people, but of the clergy, the literary, and the professional classes—olio called "Vox Clamantiuni," the other called "The new party"—give a somewhat wild and incoherent expression to the conviction that our social conditions will receive a searching analysis. One ot them says openly, "Our new religion turns its' back upon the churches with their symbolism and their ceremonies and their dis play." And another makes a savage onslaught on what the author, perhaps to some extent unjustly, regards as the pettiness, the artifici ality, the effeminate ecclesiasticism, and class and caste claims of many of the clergy, and the lack among them, as it ex j presses it, of fearless prophets and of "men of light _ and leading." Amid this chaos of contending opinions, what are we to do? It is easy to plunge into a perfect mael strom of babblements, such as is continually whirling around ns; but earnest men will say, " Please give us direction in the_ place of theory, and tell us what is our immediate duty." Once the late Dean Stanley was walking with the; great writer, Thomas Carlyle, in St. ! James's Park, .and Carlyle had burst into one j of his fulminant denunciations of all classes and conditions of men, speaking of the world in general as "an amalgam of fifteen'hundred millions of people, mostly fools." When this wordy storm was over the dean asked in his gentle way—"Well, Mr. Carlyle, such being the state of things, what would you advise an English clergyman like me to do?" Carlylebroke out into one of his huge stormy laughs, and, at last stopping, said, "Whatsoever thy band j findeth to do, do it with tliy might." Excel ! lent advice, certainly, hut it needed no prophet | or no ghost to tell us that. The advice was three thousand years old. We did not make the world. We are not accountable for all its apparent disorders. _ We cannot revolutionise all its sad conditions. As Martin Luther said, we should be the greatest asses in the world if we thought we could. But, still, each one can do something in this world to purify its life, and to make our fellow crea tures happier, even as each' dew-drop does something in the silent evenings, and as each sand grain adds something to the illimitable shores. We can make a few hearts happy; we can dry a few tears; we can take a few children; by the hand and train them for God. ■We can cause. a few rays of God's sunlight to shine in the hovel and the slum. _ The poet Browning, sailing close by St.' Vincent and Trafalgar and Gibraltar and Cadiz Bay, sang:— . . Here and here has England helped ine :'. Now can I help England? Say, ' Whoso turns, as I, this evening. Turn to God, to praise and pray, While Jove's planet rises yonder ' Silent oyer Africa. Well, as it: is, some of us do harm to our country and to our age by our sins and by our selfishness, and many of us do nothing, and very many of us do much less than we could; and some of us.do not even attempt that little. It is a curious fact that we sometimes can be so tender to the individual, while we show ourselves so callous to the general. Charles Dickensi tells a story how once an English vessel called ,-the Grosvenor went ashore on. the:}desert coast . of Caffraria; ■ and a hundred and thirty-five souls -had to make their way;, in two detachments on foot across trackless . deserts, infested by wild beasts and armed savages, to the Dutch settlements at the. Cape of Good Hope. .- Among those 135. survivors of . the wreck there was one little, friendless boy of seven years old. He cried after one of the passengers who had been kind to him, and he was at once taken into that one of the detach ments, : and this whole company made that little, child their sacred charge. Sailors, * when they swam across tho rivers, pushed him before them on a little raft which'they had made. When he was worn out. they carried the child by turns through ,the deep sand and long grass. They lay down and waited for liim when the rough carpenter, who was his special favorite, lagged behind.Beset by lions and tigers, by savages, by thirst, by hunger, by death in a crowd of ghastly shapes, thank God they never forgot the child. The captain and the boatswain lay down side by side to die. The survivors still took with them that little child. The carpenter died of. eating poisonous berries. Then the steward took up the sacred guardian ship. God knows all that he did for the little lad. Weak and ill himself,_ be still carried him in his arms. Starving himself, he still fed him. He folded his rough jacket round him, and laid the little worn" face with a woman's tenderness unon his sunburnt breast. Then they both fell ill, and their wretched partners in despair, now reduced to few in number, waited for them one wholeday. They waited for them the whole of the next day. On the morning of the third day, they must move' on or die; but they agreed that the child should not be disturbed to the'very , last moment. The moment comes. They go'back to the place where he is lying, to bid farewell to him beside the dying watch-fires.' But the little child is licit sleeping, as they thought; lie is dead. You pity that poor little one. You think that ■you would have gdiie through as much: for him. Would you? Would you have borne hunger and thirst and want aud weariness, scarcely calling your life your own, and the sun smiting you by day, and. the the moon by night? Would -you do all that for one little unknown child? Yet will you not let your'little finger ache, or go through^ the frightful martyrdom of giving a few shillings extra; for hundreds and thousands of little children ? Is your imagination so defective? Well, then, to put it in the concrete, A red-liaired child Sickin a fever, ifyou touch him once, ; Will set yon weeping; hut a million sick? . Well, but the hhman race To you means such a child or such a boy You saw one morning waiting in the cold. The social problems of England .appeal to | you day by day to help in some way or other, and that the best way, for their solution. Posterity and the future appeal to you in each such opportunity for duty, for, if you neglect the smaller, is it likely that you will fulfil the greater ? . The ; tide sweeps in to purify the world with its lustral wave. Because you can not be the mighty tide, is that any reason why you should not be as one drop of it ? England .appeals to you to help her in your individual corner of her too- distracted and weed grown : vineyard. The children of your parish,' as one fraction of the children of England, lift up to you here and now their little appealing hands. They are.born, as you know, info a crowded and struggling population. Hard work and deep anxieties and severe suffering almost inevitably await many of them in the future, as they. are, indeed, the common lot. Give, then, at least to the morn of life its natural blessedness. Trained in righteousness_and true holiness they may be saved from the grim perils of the future,, and a'-med to face its fiery temptations. You know thatthe bricks of the Assvrianpalaces were stamped, every one of them, with the royal mark. One of these bricks, still preserved, 3,000 years ago, whilst the clay was still wet, a dog trod, and his foot obliterated the royal mark. My friends, shall we not do our best to 'prevent the dogs of drunkenness, of uncleau ness, of dishonesty, from trampling out, on the souls of the children of England, the mark, the image aud superscription, of their Eat her and their Lord? Ah 1 if we do not, those dogs' feet which have left their fonl marks on so many souls in the past, and even now on so many souls in the present, may be perpetuated for many a coming genera tion, to the ruin and disgrace of this ancient and God-fearing people. You know the fine lyric of Charles Mackay:— Who bids for the little children, Body and soul and brain ? Who bids for the little children, - Young and without a stain ? " Will no one bid," said Englandf V For these souls so pure and white, And fit for all good or.evil, That the world on their page may write ?' Then, you know, Pest and Eamine bid for them in the squalid and feverous slums; and howling Beggary bids for them and promises to teach them to lie and skulk and crawl; and Crime bids for them with wolfish eyes to lead them through sin to the prison, the hulk, and the gallows. " Oh, shame," said trne Religion, " Oh shame that this should he! 1'il take the little children, I'll take them all to me. I'll raise them up with kindness From the mire in which they trod; I'll teach them words of blessing; I'll lead them up to God." " You're not true Religion," . Cried a party with flashing eyes. " Nor thou," said another, scowling, " Thou'rt heresy and lies." And England, sorely puzzled, To see such battle throng, Exclaimed, with voice of pity, " oh, friends, you do me wrong. Cease, cease, your bitter wrangling, For, till you all agree, I fear the little children Will plague both you and me." Those children might grow up to be the I blessing and not the scourge of the nation, and | God grant it may long continue so. 