^lustots to COP mjrontents. RO48TBT> TO DEATH.—What do you. apply to us for ? We have neither a rain gauge nor an observatory in ojjr back yard. Our " observatory" is the front verandah. TIow can we toll you when this terrible heat wave will passover? We hug and fondle our veracity too much to begin the weather prophet racket at this season of our life. Besides we haven't qualified for the position, never having indulged in fishing as a mendacious recreation. Only a fisherman, with his lying experience, can ever become a popular weather prophet. Our own opinion is that the heat wave is a visitation to Chiltern bearing as deep-laid a design on its crimson wings as the shower of brimstone that laid waste the cities of the plains years before your grandfather went into knicker-bockers. Do as we advise : lock yourself up in a well-provisioned cellar—Mc3winey,s for example—until the heat has passed over. You will then come forth like a giant refreshed with new wine, or, well, anything- you can lay your hands on. . BRICK-MAKER.—We cannot adopt your view of the case. The council almost unanimously rejected the proposal, and righteously, too, to our thinking. Councillor Martin was the only one that adopted your view of this question. And though he was strongly supported in his action by our ootemporary that goes for nothing, as everybody knows the warm friendship and courteous consideration the latter has extended to the veteran councillor since the last printing contract was disposed of at the council board. The council's action was just and unprejudiced, and entirely in the interests of the greatest number. Don't get into the habit of attributing motives, or you will be mistaken for an aspirant to the staff of unprincipled journalism. NEW ENTERPRISE.—We don't think that Councillor Jacobson is the hotelkeeper alluded to. Even if he is, he is not likely to enter into the business of brick-making. The fact of having brick-day in his back yard is no more a reason why he should start brickmaking than that we should run a carriage and pair, because we have, the remains of a stable standing in our back premises, These people who are stirring up the coagulated and malodorous fluid half solidified in the street channels are prompted only by vindictivene8S. We have still the same opinion we always had of this councillor—take him away from the town hall question, and he is an intelligent, upright and honorable gentleman in whom the public generally as well as his constituents may well feel proud. Even on the town hall question he had the courage of his opinions. Could the same be said of all the professed supporters of a new building ? We have our doubts. J.W.—W® havn't the ghost of an idea where you can obtain the information you seek. There is no use applying to the council. They may have the control of the pound, but they are too apathetic to exercise it in this hot weather. We know of a case, within our own experience, where a horse was driven to the pound, and the pound-keeper refused to accept the responsibility of placing damages on the beast, though the man who drove him had definite instructions. This is another instance how the council's employees over-ride their masters and ignore their instructions. We have abandoned gardening. Thrown up our botanical reserve to the vagabond cattle, with a feckless liberality we would advise you to imitate. Since we have done so we are as happy as the old lady who revelled in the oft repeated melliflesous sound of " Mesopotamia.* 1 COVER POINT.—It is no fault of ours that you had not a full column in last issue upon the magnificent victory achieved by the Barambogie Cricket Club on last Saturday. We have hunted all over Chiltern, and down eveú to the Black Dog, looking for the scoring be»ok, and. never located it after a two day's search. Everybody said that somebody else had it. It should be in the Secretary's custody of course ; but as he is on the eve ot his projected annual holiday his soul aca?3 Ir : £Óer than ducks' egps and rcar-Jcss". /ihe latter may h« inteiesfcjiGg enough on ordinary occasions, bus on thft eve of a holiday from home even they pall in anticipation. ..We axe now. playing at «trained relations with ihe inflated victors. 