THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS AND OUR RESOURCES. BENDIGO, MONDAY, NOV. 23, 1897. THE RATES OF POSTAGE. The rates of postage were discussed in the Legislative Assembly on Thursday in con- nection with the Post Office Act Amendment Bill. This bill proposes to make the 2d rate permanent, and in committee Mr. Higgins endeavored to limit its operation until the 30th June, 1899, with the object of providing that after that date the 2d letter postage should be limited to remote districts, and the 1d postage provided for the populous districts. He pointed out that this was the rule in New South Wales and Tasmania, and urged that Victoria should not be behind those colonies. The Premier contended that it would not be fair or rea- sonable to ask the farmers in the country to pay 2d on all their letters and to charge bankers and merchants and insurance societies only 1d. He estimated that to introduce the penny postage system for the whole colony would involve the department in the loss of £75,000 a year, while to apply it to the metropolis, would involve a loss of £40,000. Mr. Hamilton doubted very much whether there would be any such loss by reason of the change. He pointed out that some years ago when the postage was reduced from 2d to 1d the department, anticipating a very large increase of business, doubled the staff in the mail branch. This led to an enormous increase in the expense of the mail branch, and he had heard on good authority that there was absolutely no reason for so largely increasing the staff. But the result was that when the depart- ment estimated the cost it was found that the penny postage caused a heavy loss. This statement of Mr. Hamilton’s was not con- tradicted during the discussion, and the as- sumption is that it was true that part of the loss brought about by the introduction of the penny postage was due to an unneces- sary increase in the staff in the boom times. It would be well if this could be settled be- yond dispute, because the penny postage system was abolished on the strength of the heavy loss which it was reported to have occasioned the department. So far as Sir George Turner’s argument that it would be unfair to charge the farmers 2d while city men paid 1d for the delivery of letters within a city radius is concerned, it may be pointed out that the service performed in the one case cannot be compared with that in the other. It costs 2d to send a letter two blocks away in Melbourne, while a per- son residing in Victoria can send a letter for 2d to any part of Australia, and for 2½d to England. We must say that we would prefer an all round rate of 1d to the appli- cation of the 1d rate to the centres of popu- lation only. What Mr. Higgins objects to is the making the 2d rate permanent. He has not proposed the immediate introduc- tion of the 1d rate for centres of popula- tion. He has desired to make it apply from the 1st July, 1899. Of course it is not desirable to institute the penny postage at the risk of a heavy loss. At the same time Victoria must not be found lagging behind her neighbors. If the loss would be in- considerable, as some authorities aver, the penny postage ought to be established. The Government must be prepared before many years elapse for the inauguration of the 1d rate of postage between England and Australia, in which case 2d within the colony would be a decided anomaly. Mr. Trenwith seems to think that the reduction of the rate of postage from 2d to 1d would not lead to any considerable increase in the number of letters that would be written and despatched. Mr. Zox, however, met this by declaring that the merchants of Melbourne employ a number of boys to deliver their letters, which would seem to indicate that the 2d rate deprives the department of a considerable amount of revenue which a 1d rate would probably secure. Mr. Zox also declares that the loss accruing to the Postal department is very little less now than that which occurred when the penny postage was in operation. He doubts very much whether the loss from a reversion to the penny postage system would be as great as the Premier declares. However, the Post- master-General states that the estimated loss upon the introduction of the penny postage is based on reliable data, and all he could promise was that the Government hoped to be able to reduce the rate to 1d all round when times improved. Quite a number of things have been pro- mised when the “times improve.” The income tax rate is to be reduced, the salaries of public and railway servants are to be restored to the old amounts, the grants to municipalities are to be raised again, the public expenditure generally is to be on a more generous scale. Now the penny postage is to be added to the list. It will have to depend on improved times, for the Assembly rejected Mr. Higgins’s amendment by 50 votes to 13. Gold, Calls and Dividends.—The gold yields for the off week reached a total on Saturday of nearly 2,200oz., and at the head of the list was the Great Southern contribution of 472oz. Other prominent returns were—New Red White and Blue, 295oz. ; Mr. Lansell’s Comet, 193oz. ; Mr. Lansell’s 180, 142oz. ; and Mr. Lansell’s 180 No. 2, 103oz. Dividends aggregating £4,887 10s were declared, Victoria Quartz paying 2s per share and Great Southern 1s. The Late Mr. James Carmichael.—At the conclusion of his sermon in St. Andrew’s Church yesterday morning, the Rev. A. S. C. James referred to the sudden death of the late Mr. James Carmichael. He said that the de- ceased gentleman was a man of upright and honorable character—one who never made him- self prominent in any public way, but who lived his quiet and devout life for many years in this city, and gained the sincere esteem and abiding friendship of all who knew him inti- mately. Without warning the message came to summon him to the presence of the Divine Master, “God’s finger touched him and he slept.” As his hearers were aware he was found in his garden with his face to the rising sun, in the calm and peaceful sleep of death. He could not have passed to the sunrise of eternal life in a more beautiful way, and he (Mr. James) felt that he was only doing his duty in pointing out that Mr. Carmichael’s sudden call warned all to be ready, lest in an hour that they thought not the Son of Man came. He was sure that all would unite with him in earnest prayer on behalf of the bereaved family that God might sustain them under their sore and sudden trial. Death of an Infant.—Early yesterday morning Mrs. Hunter, wife of Mr. William Hunter, miner, of Spring Gully road, was confined of a child, which died soon after birth. Dr. Hugh Boyd was sent for, and as he could not give a certificate as to the cause of death, Senior-Constable Hayes was communicated with. A magisterial inquiry will he held to- day. The Weather. — On Saturday and again yesterday the weather was enjoyable. The read- ings at Mr. J. B. Edwards’s, jeweller, on Satur- day were:—Thermometer, 9 a.m., 62°; 12 noon, 70° ; 3 p.m., 74° ; 6 p.m., 72°; maximum, 75°; minimum, 56°; barometer, 9 a.m., 29.26 ; 3 p.m., 29.10 ; 6 p.m., 29.12. Tired of Life.—A week last Saturday a re- sident of Echuca, a middle-aged man named William Middlemiss, attempted to end his life by cutting a piece of flesh from his arm in order that he might sever an artery. The unfortu- nate man was rendered weary of his life owing to a cancer which tortured him beyond endur- ance. His attempt at suicide was, however, frustrated, and he was remanded to the lunacy ward at the Bendigo Hospital for treatment. On Saturday morning he was brought before the city bench looking pale and haggard. Inspector Murphy stated that the doctor considered him fit to be discharged from the hospital, and, he (the inspector) therefore asked their worships to remand the accused to the Bendigo gaol for a week, to give the Echuca police an opportu- nity of preparing a case against him of attempted self-murder. The request was granted. A Deserving Case. —We have received 2s 6d from “Sympathiser” in aid of the case recently brought under notice by Mr. H. M. Marks. Illness of Mr. John Crowley.—The many friends of this gentleman will be glad to hear that he is recovering from his recent serious illness. Yesterday he was well enough to go out for a drive. Enginedrivers’ Association. —The monthly meeting of the committee was held on Saturday night, the vice-president (Mr. S. Ryan) in the chair. The following nominations for officers, to be elected at the half-yearly meeting, were received :—Treasurer, Mr. W. Hansen ; secre- tary, Mr. J. Coates ; auditor, Mr. G. Lowery ; committee of management, Messrs. B. Lewis, B. Patterson and Grimshaw Hayes. One new member was elected during the evening. Board of Advice.—Mr. J. B. Edwards has been appointed a member of the Board of Ad- vice for the school district of Bendigo. Bible Christian Church, Long Gully.— The anniversary of this church was celebrated yesterday. In the morning the Rev. R. S. Carson officiated, basing an impressive sermon upon the words “And they two went on.” The Rev. A. Powell preached in the afternoon from the words “Ye do always resist the Holy Ghost as your fathers did.” The Rev. J. C. Freeman conducted the evening service. Mr. F. Williams led the choir, and Miss E. Norris was an efficient organist. This evening a grand concert will be given by Mr. C. H. King’s pupils. The Kangaroo Flat Church Fete.—At the meeting of the Strathfieldsaye Shire Council last Thursday the Rev. E. H. Scott had just applied for the patronage of the council at this fete, and the president was about to put the resolution “that the request be granted,” when Cr. Abbott rose with “Mr. President, what is a ‘paneguris?’ ” As the Rev. E. H. Scott is the promoter of the affair he was requested to describe its points. He explained that “pane- guris” is a Greek word derived from “pan” and “agora.” “Pan” means “all,” “agora” means the assembly of the people as opposed to the council of the chiefs. A paneguris is an assembly of the whole nation for a public festi- val such as the Olympian games. The Kan- garoo Flat paneguris is an attempt to bring all Bendigo out to Kangaroo Flat for an afternoon and evening, when there will be sports, contests, oratory, spectacular displays, prize giving, music, illumination, refreshments and a bazaar. The council granted its patronage. Farewell Social.—On Saturday evening a large numbers of the local Operative Bakers’ Society, with a good many of their friends, ten- dered Mr. James Kiely a complimentary social at the Courthouse hotel prior to his departure for Coolgardie, West Australia. Mr. Kiely has been employed at the Bendigo Co- operative Distribution Society’s bakery establishment, Ironbark, ever since its inception, and during that time earned the confidence and respect of his employers and the esteem of his fel- low workers. Having made up his mind to seek his fortunes in the western colony, and to leave Bendigo to-day, his friends deter- mined to tender him a social. Mr. W. Kelly, the president of the Operative Bakers’ Society, occupied the chair. Mr. T. D. Coates, manager of the Co-operative Distribution Society, pro- posed the health of the guest, and said he had always found Mr. Kiely most assiduous and at- tentive in the discharge of his duties. He wished him every success in the West. The toast was heartily honored, and Mr. Kiely suitably acknowledged the compliment. Various other toasts were given. Songs were rendered by Messrs. Lamb, Dunn, Thornton, Devereaux, Gearon and Kiely, and a most pleasant evening was spent. Mr. Kiely sails on 24th inst. St. Andrew’s Church.—The subject of the Rev. A. S. C. James’s sermon at this church last night was “The Confusion of Tongues.” In an interesting manner the preacher related how the descendants of Noah, after leading a wandering life for cen- turies, resolved to settle down and build a city, as the people began to speak in different dialects. The city having been built, the leaders conceived the idea of erecting a tower, which should serve as a centre to which the people could gather and might prevent the different dialects from growing and keep the people of one mind. But they left God out of their reckoning, and their tower—the tower of Babel—which was symbolical of pride and ambition, fell, and there speedily came a great confusion of tongues. God had good reasons for His act other than that of punishment. The resources of the earth were made known as the people divided into sections and the foundations of the nations were laid. Sub-division of the Mangatt Estate.— On Saturday afternoon Messrs. Thos. F. Cum- ming and Ettershank, Eaglestone and Mann (auctioneers in conjunction) offered for sale the Mangatt estate, near the Pyramid Hill railway station, which has been subdivided into blocks. The sale was held at the Victoria hotel, Mr. H. Grattan, assisted by Mr. W. Howe, acting as auctioneer. There was not a large attendance of buyers. Lot 7, comprising 536 acres, was bought by Mr. Salenthial Booth for £2 per acre, while 320 acres in lot 9 was purchased by Mrs. Hewitt for £2 4s per acre. B.U.F.S. Medical Institute.—Applications are invited by advertisement up to 1st Decem- ber for a duly qualified medical practitioner as second medical officer to the above institute. The salary is fixed at £400 per. annum, with accouchement fees. The election commences on 3rd December. Primitive Methodist Church, Rowan- street.—Yesterday afternoon the cantata en- titled “David the Shepherd Boy” was success- fully rendered in this church by an augmented choir in the presence of a large assemblage. The Rev. J. T. Kearns presided. The prin- cipals were :—Abigail, Miss James ; Michal, Miss Grenfell; David, Mr. R. Trembath ; Saul, Mr. E. M‘Farlane ; Samuel, Mr. H. J. Early ; Jesse, Mr. H. Bickerton ; Jonathan, Mr. H. Thomas. Mr. A. E. Whitelock ably conducted, and Mr. E. Whitelock left nothing to be desired as organist. City Police Court.—Messrs. M. Rundell and J. Illingworth, Js.P., adjudicated on Saturday. A colored man named Robert Davies was proceeded against for cutting saplings on Crown lands, and was fined 2s 6d. William Middlemiss, a would-be suicide, was remanded to the Bendigo Gaol for one week. The court then adjourned. ImportantAuction Sales.—At 11 o’clock to-day, at their rooms, Messrs. G. H. Hobson and Co. will sell an immense collection of general household furniture, and at 12 o’clock, on account of the importer, a large parcel of men’s and youths’ clothing. Immediately following this the continuation sale of pawn- broker’s stock-in-trade and unredeemed pledges will be proceeded with. Full par- ticulars of the several sales will be found in our auction column. Important Pawnbroker’s Sale—To-day, at 12 o’clock, at the Central Auction Rooms, Messrs. H. M. Marks and Co. will sell by auc- tion the whole of the out-of-date and unre- deemed pledges from the Bendigo Mont de Piete Pawn Office, under instructions from the managing director, Mr. H. Fryberg. The cata- logue numbers over 500 lots, and every line is for absolute sale. 