T h e in to Bv F athf.k P bout ( F r a k c u Mauont.)1 1 here’s a legion th a t*6 told of a gipsy w]io dw elt I d i ..c iaud where tho pyram ids be, And h er rube wt»s em broidered with b tiis, and her belt V ith duviiies right w ondrous to see! And she lived in the davs w hen '. ur Lord i child mother's im m aculate brea?t; e fled from l i i ; !ol-s, when to. rich St. Joseph the T his Egyptian held ooi with magic, uit-.puikss, no ix.y future was given to her gaze ; an obelick marked her abode, and a a her threshold keep? vigil always. )\as pensile and erer alone, nor was j haunts of the dissolute crowd, muiuced wjtii ih« ghosts ot t 4.nd the *-did on her bosom reclined, and the way Led thorn straight to the gipsv's abode And they seumed to have travelled a Fr» llivi bom y rom b tyrant s pursuit, from an enernv’s wraln, t-jioot with toil and o’ercome with fatigue. And the gip.-y came forth from her dwelling and prayed Ih e pilgrims would rest there awhile * And she oieied her couch to delicate maid Who had ecm« many, manv a mile • And aba fondled tbe Babe with nflection’a And she begged vhe old man would repose; " Here tho stranger,” she said, “ ever finds h'ee access, And .he v.anatrnrbalm for his woes.” Than her guests fruui the glare of noonday she led To a seat in her grotto so coo], Where el:o spread them a banquet of fruit? and a shed W ith a manger was found for the male " ith tliu wine of the palm tree, with thfr dates newly cubed. All the tails ol ihe road she beguiled ; And with a bong in a language m\stemu>ebo lulled On her bosom the wayfariug child. When the gipsy anon in her Etbiop hand, L’laced the infant's diminutive palm, oh, twas fiurful to she how the features sho scanned Of the Babe in His slumbers so calm ! Well she noted each hand, each furrnw she crossed 0 er tbe tracing? of destiny’s line; " W hence came ye ■’’’ Bhe cried, in sscor.- ishm ent b">st, “ For this child is of lineago Jivine!” “ 1 rom the village of N i^ re th .” Joseplt replied, “ Y\ here we dwelt in tho land of the Jew; Wo have lied from r tyrant, whose garment In the gore of tho children lie filew ; l i e wore told to rom»iQ till an angel's command Should appoint u® tho h o u r to r e tu r s , Hut till theu we inhabit; th e foreigner t. land, And in E gypt we make o u r eojo5.rn.” — “ i lieu ye tarry with me,” cried th e gipsv joy, “ A na ye make of m y dw elling your home M anyyears have!prayed t h a t thelsra<«h'tt» Boy (Bleared hope of the G entiles 1) would oome. And mu: kissed both tbe fe e t of the infant., and knelt A nd adm ed Him at. once ; th e n a smile^ L it th e faco ot Hie m other, who cheerfully dwelt W ith her host on the b a n k s of the Nile. D e a ee’s Carragheen or Irish Mobs (R*. gibtered) relieves a cough in ton m inutes Invitations are freely g iv e n those wlw go m arketing to buy th e Gd Soap and Candles. OK brand. J ones’ 1XL Tou&to; S auce is made w ith Champion's 1‘uro iUalt London Vineg a r, and therefore m ust be th e best. 