A SENSATION AT ULTIMO. Locomotor Ataxia Cured after Doctors and Hospitals Utterly Failed. Has a Miracle been Performed? From the. Australian Workman. In reply to the preliminary questions, said : " You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who were stricken as I was." " About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident. 1 was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, .Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." "jWhat were the symptoms?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for the world like as if a Baw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance myself and everyont else. I waB incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On tbe 23rd March 1 saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case waB utterly Mopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." Did you make use of the order i» . ' No; I came home and went to bed, and nave ,been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease tbe agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxy, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a dwease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbance of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for 10 years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about witb energy to Bhow how medical opinion is not infallible.) wen, irst as a drowning man will grap at a straw, I grasped at an advertisement describing a cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australtan Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills lor Pale People. I read m the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own I determined to give the Pink Pilte a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I bad for many a day. It w*b incredible. IimmediatelyMt the bed, and was able to move about. • I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now takicg the fifth. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, J)nt surely, recovering my former vigour and vitality. Yon Bee those crutches here ? They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams Pink Pius, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All 1 want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." << He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who bad come m and taken the baby on her knees. " Dr Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." _ • • _ A friend"who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. . " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all tbe feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way lam, 1 hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade T am better to-day than I have been at any time during the PMt five yeTrs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills They have saved my life. I am in no pam now whatever, and feel like a new man. On tbe maatlepiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills, which the doctor gave me to deaden tbe excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for i no longer need them. Such b the remarkable history, and confirms what is said m all the chief newspapers of this country of the astounding cures wrought bv Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor afcwcv MLttiftl paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders S ' Sffr P om an impoverished state of tbe blood, such as TnSa pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, fndig«Ption, loss of appetite, shortness of breuth, pains in the back, " S S ^ l S c , not a purgative. They are genuine only with the P full name, Dr.'Williams' Pink Pills for Me Pcg anJ are sold by chemists and storekeepers generally or the Dr. Williams MedSne Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, wiU forward on rece.pt S stlmps or post order one box for 2s. 9d., or half-dozen for 14s. 9d. facsimile of the only 0<nww packet. 