The Color Question Of Stamps. Local Chamber of Commerce Intend to go one better on Slioll And ask the Minister if they cannot have The "tuppence h'apeny" stamp tinted different to the modest" ha'penny" one. Appeal from Caesar (Sboll) to Cresar's god (Lcfroy). A Bunbury barber has suicided. No wonder. MrG. H. Withers appointed an Exhibi- tion Commissioner. There were three admissions to the Government Hospital yesterday. I. J. K. Cohn protesting against the return of Captain Oats as member for Yilgaro. Two first offending drunks—one a woman —were let off with a caution this morning. A well-known footballer ordered to pay 25B a week towards the support of his wife. A landau, drawn by two grey horses, was about Bayley-street this morning. Ye gods I More Justices of the Peace to be asked for for Coolgardie. Better ask for mora justice. Richard Simpson was remanded this morning on the charge of supposed unsound mind. Minister Lefroy requested to erect a flagpole at local post-office for mail signalling purposes. Goldfields members lobe made to respect election promises. C. M'Dowall to " take this job on." J. M. Smith represents Chamber of Commerce on Executive Council of Exhibition Commission. The only case heard in the Police Court this morning was one touching the- ownership of a goat. Mr G. H. Withers is to dilate upon " The Food Duties of the Colonies." This should please dyspeptics. Mayor Parsons, M.L.C. has introduced his first bill to Parliament. Lawyers always understand bills. The ghost of Black Harry has risen again. The " Bird's" photograph appears in a weekly contemporary. Court loungers were disappointed this morning. The Warden iB too matter of fact to please the gallery. Dog and Poultry Show to be held on the 8th and 9th October next. The new society is making good progress. Steamship owners required to pay consignees claim for non-delivery of goods within fourteen days of rendering. " Dickie" flaynes, M.L.C., denies that the mere gazetting of a forfeiture of a lease is sufficient legal proof of forfeiture. A new alluvial rush is reported to have occurred near Eanowna. One man is slated to have secured a slug weighing lioz. Coolgardie business men troubled by shipowners at Fremantle. Owners at Fremantle to be troubled by Coolgardie Chamber of Commerce. The benefit tendered to Miss Hilda Harman nt the Tivoli last night was a great success. Miss Harman leaves by to-day's train for Perth. Fancy taking gold out so fast " that they had not time to weigh it with gold scales. They took steel-yards, and all the syrup can were filled." Pr siilent of t,r^iVI.Uivo C -unci! has rul'd i hut I he llaiiimiit Hold Mine Hill is "a hybrid <MI:." ^ ho V.- llitrc's I.otliing new umiei the run .' 1 liu I. e-1 Chamber "f Commerce are going • IIU Iciti-r on I lie P.M.'!.. nn I intend to npp>: 1 '> tin; Minis!! r i'l M to cli.inging lie o.-lrr of iIn; iwope.iuy or halfpenny stmnp Quite right ! Mr Wittcnoom, Milling Minister, has obtained llie consent of the Legislative Council to recognise Gad in the t'ominonwcdltli Bill as " the Surname Ruler of the universe." Twang the harp. It is almost time the Council paveu the sidewalks in Bayley-street with asphaltum. Val de Travcrs would last well, and in the long run be cheaper than resorting to the pitching which is the vogue nt present. Legal members of the Legislature require that, under the Commonwealth Bill any legal practitioner duly qualified in any State chilli be entitled to practice in the Migli Court of Australia, or any Federal Court. The Fconer (lie Pc'th police are numbered the better,it will servo us a wholesome chuck t.i ii c-Tlnin overbearing demeanour towards leicnt citizeni", the outcome of a system n hieli has now fallen into desuetude. As for (lie loral police, they don't wnnt numbering, * We've got 'em in our eye." Mr Go'iree Grey is well enough again to I ugh with n r porter over the ridiculous iivstnkenf a London ]ri|n r wliieli lectured ltim f ir his im'iioinlily ill '• keeping a lot of wallatrfi-i" nt his cMintry Iwme in Mauriland. The nvcr-iimml journ 1 hail an idea, lint :i wallaby was a female Maori. In ihi!easer-f Hull v Hall for maintenance, iliicli had been adjourned for the niigis- Irates ilixision, Mr Kinnerty this morning rdercd Hint the defendant, Harry C. Hall Juuild pay 2iis a week maintenance f:T the siipprrl of his wife and chili], payable weekly. Con's WCP; also given against defendant. J. \\. T.jdd, f il m :rly of the firm of Hall l.'al nil, and Told. eimiycd in I'erlli with nd ..living cnifcczilcil £10, belonging to the National llirl.ling, Ii. Mid I. Co. of Sydney, ' i I'clii irirv, 1);'.I4 Accused win reman led ir Hie podiuliin <f extradition papers, f i:onrs; t lii« if at present but. an nllc/. at ion: but JL10. Without, uiue'i effort we could nun " <mn or iwo former rc ideals i.f N.S W now in g"od ['initio: p. Tin; \V Au-'ra'-aii (Jul 'ti Us Wat . r It;.ply • », (if llu:.t sre t, who were the !•-•: i.", (T r t hi! pill,I.: facilities f i ll living cir - ii - • fi! i.Mi:d used wati r • ations i'.vn aiel liuiInn stores. uiab i;. :,» 1-e •I.-.: I V ill i T -.1 III; .•iHliiin-.is ihat • udeii I. "| i'.i>,e .....ii:mv *li mid L< lel'l al 1| r= i!-. I.^.v.- MI d K.Vii-i.ii's, l ii-l Too ak. i any of tl-i leffii H'ln Imxis. The nrniiigeiui ills Willi Messrs Kells and Forsyth have terminated. 