j fiEBFOL THEDAfjeERF;EtD MYSTERY. FLEMING. ,PTEi: xlX.-fOmbiued.) CH"~-/7lial?" lhe earl aEked - " A ••flTif fisi!®"' ..JSC me lord. Me lady's "Tli'- ? '"come two hours ago. my sirf,u?- e narae is Miss 'Eracastle." " ,E rtadv"sailing in- "rou, Łucie oairrf " ! ' ':,'i;ai(:.!1ast t.-n! What mlr- ^"'•fi-ar^n »<*i? You don't mean «*" lu - w coming with Cecil and I io»!' oi Strath earn's soiree Jiiif^" jndee)3. Nothing is further Ct>I- though 15 than soirees musi- 0 "ri-evra. who is that new goverfitt 5 ' ; Phe is vour ccvenie-ss. jSf of 5 •• ^j^jlW'HorncasUe? Where did ^Sr^rj" 54 r "™' as 1 came in " She ' i^iiiijuislied-looking person.isn't 1""KU-=eJT ffi'vernessesdon't usually ft,V ,L Vnredv queens, do they? She ms i viTv remarkable face." « Vou are as enthusiastic as V t ; a , v l l e r a t n 0 0 n > a n < J r a v " &'t i.er for half an hour. I must 2 rav blina or stupid I confess I can Iv sic a preposterously tall young Si"-, with a pale, solemn face." ' "Susiastic. am I?" ^rci Ruysland «msu«Ł "I wasn't aware of it; but I another face ven- like it- ™,5orfl,lly like it. And I give you my ,0r lienor that as I came u;>on Miss ł 1).. sur?—Hern castle standing itjjif in moonlight, I thought I sa 10ft." "cH^PTEn XX.-AT SCARS WOOD. in the afternoon Łady Dajisrerj;]a łier uncle, cousin, new governess, Jj'sen'ants-an imposing procession— ,T;rrifrpm London at Scarswood Park. ^jjfOTOO- "With the rose flush of the Jtar sur. uiwi it, with the glades, the Sam. 1 . tlif shrubberies steeped in gold, uitl the stonf ums on the stone terraces tiffirf (0 burnished silver, the scarlet nss like sparks of fire,every leaf of the (JJhctbeeches Mood-red rubies, the winrlancinf through the trees like fists of burnished gold. Scarswood ftrt wo the turreted old mansion came jijcn them—a. marvellously fair picture. Traciless depths of fern waved away toSiivay. the great fish-pondspread out lite a silver mirror. Landscape gartoss, uniler my lady's orders, had don tiinrori:; the parterres, the tropic bum, the wealth of myrtle and mlgtonetie. of roses ajid geraniums, were iietmtp feme modern Garden of Eden. -Eon - lively: What a magnificent old place!" Lady Cecil exclaimed. "And pa tail ii dull as death—as dismal as a rat. Gincrra." ];iras Łady Cecil's firstvisit to the an- \- rscsl bonie cf her cousin's rich hustoianfi in her heart of hearts tlie girl jerly loved the country. Lady Danirerfield glanced around her Kh a little sour air. 'So i; was, so it is. so it will be—if I Jr. it. Why can't the London season hS for ever? I like rural life and rusft scenes—in pictures. In real life give DfEeIgravi2." 'Am ball;, soirees. operas, drawing- Mas and drives—the old "weary treadrii. tiresome, endless round. For myi-J:.f;i weeks in London, if you will,four tl Paris, and the rest of the year in just £Hh a dear old country house as this." Tell. my dear, you shall have alt thaiaDd more when you are Lady Trefama. Tre^enra Towers is as old again as Scararood, and twice as rural. Is thatiES todandmaster I see on the portico aejis: Really he shrivels up and tTrows smaler with every passing day! 'Mi ben mm down (lie steps like wild Indians. Miss Eenicastle, what do you think of your f'Jiurehome and your future pupils?" The governess, in charge of my lady's ftt Aiiij Charles, had taken the third sat is tli; carriage. The earl had not teea mih the ladies from the station. Miss Herncastlt-'s large, calm eyes had fctntakiup in everything, and Mis Emcastle'f ca!r,i tones replied: _'ltis a lisautiful plate, my ladv; but 'i Lave seen Srarsiwood before." "Icaeed: This is not your first visit to fees, then V Was it in Sir Peter's time tl beforePansy. Pearl! Little n-retdts. do you v.aiit to run under the carliap^hnrls 1 .' Stand back and be still! s^rPeter. Iww stuj.id of von to let those cifen ranw:!d in this boisterous man- i I9-!" t tras r.:y lady's first greeting to her te^ana. as she was assisted out of th "Wfefe. Sir Ptt^r had come down the to mt~t ii«r; sh,- gave him two EJtta finger?,then gave the twins first •aate. then ,i kiss. The litile nine- ' Far ok,- were miniatures of herself— ssmc round black eyes, the same tap black hair. ii]„ same petite fea proportions, and so much.also, one acoiher, that it seemed Impos- ~ Łl fim R'ante to tell them apart, ion disobedient little midgets'." their fcjther said. "How ,,ftcn have I to • w not to rush to nie.it anyone in tha "-tosh v.ay? What is your maid of i„ !tl ynu?' 1 Hu!;an' s fault, mamma," at « to on,- < Uaek-vy,^ twin. "She told fttsy'sa in the nursery, but me and am- r. lhe ^nd you and tWidn'i (.etii • ir.jni the window, and we ' so glad you've eae, ' C1J aui ' U|,; - Our dolls haven't got a. ^-er dress to their backs!" . fef iau £ !ltd - and kissed the til?- hUdr " n always fell in love ^ Ofr at first sighti 'Sot a summer dress to their backs, sua the season so far advanced! growing ras,, which must be atiST„ 10 '^mediately. Sir Peter, err'r CRdon;" Pearl's welcome, and She , ^ ^ 10 £ec ' rae likewise?" t cave him !-.,.,- hand with a smile ^ uiawed even the frozen nature of To be to ^^nc- vwit. was a visitor and daily each I" his nature; but, as KV, to łw under the rule ; vtry niur-li bene ter half, he shook w/'om 1 "'^ ' 3elicate f^'-y glover~and "-^ds^; j Scarswood. K" t.,,',. ' " JB !s a home to be proud ejrthiv Raid: Idea of tot-. ' ^ I told Gi„evra iust taltin„ -f f ay '* 1 ,j£ -h>nd, Sir Peter, ^ ' a H e will be here ^Ue sil. i. Pl -' rrniI - mc—Miss HerntŁ 1 -' I '-r Bangerfield. Ah. Pansy! Sitins m T dc ' lls and dress " Sa;- fo' t r 'l s a !aJ - v c "me all the X'i*™™?,rain you in 016 emess. Sir ^''- erness \v as at some ! 'Kfflass. topped, put up tor, frrQfeS^ fi'<I rpin stared again. - —• The t!ts upon TL'V n ? arer ' fixed her "Usance" śńTł IT"' J" ad< " a sracelul r ^ Par, - " : a klss ' dear ? Ah'V',i, you "ot?—you .. 1 thou sl>t 'U 1 are could so tell much the "to S h ' «>u saw that the room/tel 1 "-- drawing'aA'ci ^ r,i(;. a " ora ' a S to my orders ' ar- - She stopped fc ^ h^L 6 '" 1 . 0 " 3 . Qu^nieT whit • taring at? SirPetei"': He never heard her. His eyes, behind his double eyeglass, were fixed Tiplm; Miss Herncastle. His face had turned to a dull yellow pallor from brow to chin. His wife stood and looked at him aghast. "For Heaven's sake, look at him. Queeme! Is he going to have a fit or Sir Peter Dangerfleld. what on earth is the matter vath you ?" She caught his arm impatiently and' gave him no gentle shake. "He's Staring- at you, Miss Herncastle. What is the matter with him'" Miss Herncastle turned calmly from the children, and again looked at the baronet. "He certainly looks very in. is there anything I can do ?" "Her voice!" the baronet said, in a horror-struck whisper; "her eyes her face! Oh, Heaven! .Who is this'" - "Who?" his wife cried, with a second angry shake. "Are you mad ? Who are you looking at ? What do you mean ? Who ?" "That woman—that girl! Who is she ?" "Miss Herncastle, the children's governess, you idiot!" Lady .Dangerfield actually called the baronet an "idiot!" and gave him a second shake into the bargain. "What is there about her to frighten you into fits, I should like to know ?" "Miss Herncastle, the governess," he muttered, falling back; "and for *ae moment—I thought—I could hare sworn it was—it was ~ "Well—whom ?" * "One dead and buried for - six long years." He turned his back abruptly, and with that, ghastly answer walked into the house. My lady turned angrily upon her new governess. "Really, Miss Herncastle," she began, haughtily, "this is very extraordinary! I must say. The Earl of Ruysiand'sees you last night in the moonlight, and takes you for a ghost; Sir Peter Dangerfield sees you to-day in the sunshine, and takes you for another. Who are rou. pray ?" the faintest symptom of an amused smile dawned on.the tranquil face of the tall nursery governess. "I am Helen Herncastle, my lady, and the ghost of no one that I know of." Lady Cecil , laughed outright—her sweet, mellow laugh. "How absurd you are, Ginevra. Ghost, indeed! Only evil consciences see ghosts, and Miss Herncastle is much too substantial for ghost or fairy. She resembles someone Sir Peter has once e known—dead six years, he said. Was there not a cousin—a youńg lady who died suddenly, an " "Impostor," said Lady Dangerfield. "Yes, there was—I daresay it is she! It's not Miss Herncastle's fault, I suppose, that she must resemble dead people, but it's very extraordinary and very unpleasant My nerves have received a shock tliey will not recover from for a week. I hate scenes!" Rich with silver, sparkling with crystal, white with linen, gay with flowers, was the round dinner table at Scarswood that night. My lady, dressed in one of Wrath's most ravishing masterpieces, though there were no gentlemen, to admire but her uncle and husband, looked a fit goddess to preside at the feast. Lord Ruysland, bland, urbane, suave, smooth, was faultlessly attired, and with a rose in his button-hole. Lady Cecil, in gold-brown silk, the hue of her eyes, was also there, but not Miss Herncastle. Sir Peter drew a long sigh of relief. "You're not looking well, Dangerfield," my Lord of Ruysland said to Sir Peter; "you positively are not. Tou lose flesh,' you lose spirits, you "lose appetite. Tt: is evideait that the air of Scaiswood does , not agree with you. Take my advice, »s and Pearl go and abroad." Pansy .flying His lordship was right — 4he air of Scarswood did not agree with £>ir Peter Dangerfield, and never would. i "Lady Cecil, is Miss Herncastle's hair brown or black?" Lady Cecil glanced round, glanced down, for she was the taller of the two, and saw the pinched, yellow face of s little Sir Peter. Now, Lady Cecil, out of the greatness of a generous heart, had an infinite pity for all long-suffering things, and she pitied Sir Peter greatly. My dear Sir -Peter, how you startle me ! I was thousands of miles away, I believe, when you spoke. What fiid you say? Miss Herncastle—what?" I asked you if Miss Óerncastle had long, lig-ht-brown hair?" A curious question, surely. Łady Cecil's soft, fawn-colored eyes opened a little e as she replied. "For Its length I cannot answer. Who can tell who 'has long or short hair in these days of chignons and false tresses? Of the color I can speak positively. It . is black—jet black." "Black!" He gave a great gasp of \- relief. "You are sure, Łady Cecil?" "Certain, Sir Peter. And her eye brows and eyelashes are of the same dense darkness." "And her eyes. Łady Cecil—are they ld grey?" t "Still harping on my daughter!" laughed La Reine Blanche. "Yes, Sir Peter, they are grey—very dark —very large—very fine. You appear to take a most extraordinary interes 1 in Ginevra's new governess, certainly. Resembles, doubtless, some one you have "known?" "Resembles! that is not the word for it. I tell you, Lady Cecil," in a voice of deep, suppressed intensity—" it Is the same face, the same—the-same. Older, graver, deeper, changed in some things, but the saine. The face of K&therine; Dangerfield!" The name had sot passed his lips for years. His eyes had a glitter, his whole face an excitement, his voice an -Intensity she had never heard before. She drew back from him a little, yet curious and interested too: "Kaiherine Dangerfield! Yes, I have heard her story. 'It was in the papers years ago, and Ginevra told me -of her at the time of her marriage. A very sad story—a very sad. fate. She hist allfortune, name, father, and her affianced husband—on her wedding day, and a week after she died. It is the saddest story I think I ever heard. • What-a das tard, what a cowardly. dastard. That man must have been. WŁat became of him. Sir Peter?" "l.don't know—I have never asked—I never cared. I was not to blame—no one has a right "to -blame me—I only took what was lawfnlly 'my own. She had no shadow of right to Scarswood! How could I tell she would die? Other women lose their fathers ,their husbands, their fortunes, and lire on. How -aid I know St would kill ha-? I say again!" • his voice rising' shrill, and high, and .angry, "no one bas a right to blame me!" "And no jone does blaine you. Sir Peter. Why should they? Of eouree you could not foretell she would die.- And Gmevra's governess really resembles -this poor dead young lady so strongly ?"., "It is horrible, I tell you, horrible! I thought I saw a g?<ost when she rose before me three hours lago Lady Cecil,; do you believe in ghosts?" He asked the question abruptly, and with perfect -gravity- Łady Cecd loughei * "Believe in ghosts? My dear Sir Teter.^who «oes beiieve Inghostfeinlhe nineteenth century? Sure3y, Sir Peter, you don't believe in Anything eo absurd?" j , ."^on laughed. Lady Cecal,-' he said, 2 D tbe EU Perstition ln eŁroud «ver came to my bedside, but there are other ways of being haunted. There are dreams-horribl? awful dreams, that come night afto nignt,.the same thing over and over, and m which you start up with the cold your br°w and tte damp of" aęałłi in your hair—visions that come to in your sleep from the infernal regions, I believe, more ghastly than any waking vision. Over and over, and over the same—what do you call that, Lady Cecil?" • "Hot Suppers, Sir Peter, and heavy dinners. Any skilful physician will exorcise your dreaming apparitions." "And a few miles from here there is a house. Bracken Hollow it is called, which no one, not the bravest in the parish, is willing to pass after nightfall. A house in which a murder once was done, where unearthly sights are seen at unearthly hours, and unearthly sounds heard. What do you sar to thai?" "That'it's a'very common storv, indeed. Why, at Olive Court, papa's place in Hants, people say there is a ghost. But what about this Bracken Hollow?" "An old woman lives there. A witch, people say. She was Katherine Dangerfield's nurse—old Hannah." "Then I shall pay old Hannah a visit and investigate." And Lady Cecil walked away, leaving Sir Peter- gloomily by the window alone. His thoughts were still with Katherine Dangerfield, as they nearly"always were. What a life, indeed, was his! for evening after evening, rain or shine, summer or winter, through sleet or storm, a "spirit in his feet" led him, whether or no to Katherine Dangerfield's grave. He load no wish to go. but he went—he oould not stay away. It had grown such a habit that it seemed to him now if he did not pay that twilight visit she would assuredly visit him before morning dawned. He made his daily pilgrimage to this Mecca, and the people of the town had grown tired of talking and "wondering over St. "He took everything from her when she was alive," they said, "and now that she's dead he plays the hypocrite, and visits her grave every evening. I wonder he isn't afraid she'll rise up and confront him." Perhaps he was — it had been the mania of his life. Surely Katherine had kept her vow. He was, if there ever were In the world; a "haunted man"— sane enough on all other things — on firis, much thinking had made him mad. He retired eaiiv that night — he was less alone shut up by himself than in the drawing-room with his wife and her relatives. All night long candles burned in his bedroom, and one of the men servants slept in an open closet adjoining. Never without light, and never alone. He had grown sleepless too, and it <vas generally the small hours before dumber came to him. He arose late next day, breakfasted bj- himself, and did not join the family until luncheon time. Miss Herncastle was not at that meal, greatly to has relief. It seemed she was to take all hers with the children in the nursery. He had his wife's hauteur and intolerance to thank for something at least He returned to his study, spent three hours impaling his beetles and cockchafers, then arose, put on big hai, and turned to leave the house. He took the road to CasUeford and walked briskly onwards until he reached the churchyard. The last light of the July sun came slanting over the dowzis, through the trees, and lay in ridges of glory upon the graves. It was all strangely hushed here; the town with its bustle, and life, and noise, lay behind. Death and silence, reigned. He rarely met anyone at.this, hour; the townspeople were taking their tea: Yonder was the house wherein she had died—yonder her grave, with its grey cross, a granite one now, its brief, inscription— "Katherine, aetat 17. Resurgam " He knew it so well—he had been here so often. Would he go on coming here, he wondered wearily, as long as he lived ? He paused. What was that ? He was near the grave, and, standing looking down upon it, her back turned to him. he saw a woman. A woman! His heart gave one great bound, then seemed to turn cold and still. He went on—on—softly over the grass, impelled by the same irresistible fascination that drew him there. His feet struck a dry twig: it snapped; the woman turned ałid looked round. There, over Katherine Dangerfield's grave, looking at him with Katherine" Dangerfield's eyes, stood Miss Herncastle, the governess! (To be Continued.) 