THE CARDINAL'S CANDIDATURE. FRo? present appearances the chief interest in the elections to the Federal Convention will attach to one candi dature-that of his Eminence PATRIOC ?nRANCIs MonR, Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney, as he is designated in the official list of candidates. When the candidature was first announced, it was supposed possible that the liberty of clergymen generally to occupy seats at the convention would have tended towards the multiplication of clerical candidates. That ideahasbeen rudely dispelled by the stern logic of facts. The actual result is that only one re ligious denomination is represented on the list by a clergyman, and he the occupant of the highest place in its priesthood. The clergymen of the other denominations evidently entered into a self-denying ordinance. Not only so, but various religious, semi religious and wholly political bodies have combined to thwart the Cardi nal's candidature in every possible way. Regarding this latter decisioh comparatively little need be said, so long as the political warfare is con ducted fairly. Out of 49 candidates in the field the electors have to choose 10, and any person can suggest to another why this candidate should receive a vote and why another should be passed over. In the endeavour to thwart the candidature of the only clergyman in the field there is no attempt at secrecy, and the work is not being done in a corner. Action is being taken to support the 10 men who are believed to have the strongest chances of winning, and the voters are being urged, by what must now be termed the Protestant organisation, to vote for a bunch in which Cardinal MoRa?'s name is not found. Whatever may be the result of this action it has a significance which can not be overlooked. It must be regarded as an evidence of a stong feeling even among clergy men of the various Protestant denomi nations that they should refrain from adding triumphs in the domain of the State to those which they have ac complished in the Church. It is an indication that they have no inclination to see a number of spiritual lords sit ting in the highest places of the legis lature of Australia. "Ap-arently the -nct the~e in the legislature of Britain uch .piritual lords are to be found loes not make the Protestant clergy in this country enamoured of the com mencement of a similar system here. There is this to be said for bishops having seats in the House of Lorde- that they are but survivals of a venerable system which may at any time be declared by the will of the people effete, useless and worthy only of abolition. There can be no doubt that if the House of Commons and the House of Lords came to close grips as to whether of the two should rule, the presence of spiritual lords in the Upper House would not save it from destruction. It would be said that the bishops had their proper places elsewhere-in convocation, in their studies, in visiting the clergy of their dioceses, in strengthen ing the weak and comforting those who are bowed down. The clergy of all denominations will, we suppose, to the end of the chapter exercise a powerful influence in the political arena. The fact that that influence may be indirect rather than direct, that it may be educational rather than domineering, that it may be suggestive rather than definite, will not make it less important or real. Therefore the fact that so many clergymen are opposed to adding to the influence they already possess an open and avowed place .snd voice in the legislature of the coun try is a matter which ought to attract the attention of the laity. The fact that they have refused such a position for themselves makes their objection to the candidature of the sole clergyman on the list at least consistent. From that opposition the public generally, of whatever creed, ought as common citizens of one free State, to learn one lesson. That is, the advisableness of' refraining from splitting the community into more warring sections than are at pre sent in existence. It may be argued that the Protestants in this instance are the aggressors,-that their action is the result of religious narrowness and bigotry,-and that it is better that such bigotry should suffer a crushing defeat than that it should receive the slightest encourage ment or quarter. For the sake of argument let it be granted that the Protestant action referred to is the outcome of bigotry. Nevertheless, if it be the action of two-thirds of the electors in the colony, it is a matter which cannot be overlooked or mini mised. It is a subject which has 'to be dealt with in a practical fashion. _If the Cardinal should win a place at the Convention, and if any result there achieved were contrary to the opinion-even the bigoted opinion \--of the Protestant electors, what would be the probable result? That these bigoted Protestants would use their influence with the local Parlia ment to have the constitution amended in respect of the matter to which they objected. If their efforts in that direc tion failed, they would still have power, in the referendum which is to follow, to give a straight-out "No" to the ques tion whether that constitution should be finally accepted. That is to say, all the work performed would be vain and resultless. It is therefore very necessary that the electors should, dis carding theoretical possibilities, con sider what is best to be done as a matter of practical politics. It is well to remember that in this matter no hardship is likely to befall the general community even if the Cardinal be not returned to the Federal Convention. Whether the Cardinal consented to stand in order to gratify personal or professional ambition, or to advance the interests of his Church, or to crush out anti-Catholic bigotry, or in a patriotic spirit, to leave Aus tralia better than he found it, his Eminence cannot be free from the rough-and-tumble treatment which is accorded to every candidate for a political place. If the Cardinal's motives were mixed, the proba bilities are that he is not ashamed of either the mixture or the ingredients. At the same time it is fortunate that in this matter there is no question of any attempt to revive the ghost of Catholic disability. The Protestants taking action and who claim to be in the majority, simply say that others should remain in the position in which they themselves are content and resolved to stay, viz., outside of the walls of the legislature. Their argument is that while the Cardinal's action is lawful, it is not expedient and that it is much more likely to be a hindrance than a help to the cause of Australian Federation. And if the ecclesiastic should be successful, and if Protestant bigotry persists in maintaining the attitude now taken up, it is to be feared that the Federal constitution to be framed will have more than one bad quarter of an hour. What is wanted at the present time is not the addition of any precipitant to the Federal mixture, but. of a solution which will bring all the component parts into a workable whole. The statement that her Majesty has con. sented to have a new yacht built in the place of the Victoria and Albert, the beautiful vessel which was construoted for the Queen's use in 1855, although not ofioially confirmed, are it seems quite correot. It now appears that the new yacht, which will be built entirely of steel, will have a length of about 400ft and a beam of about 52ft. She will have twin sorews, and the steam to work her composite engines will be supplied by 18 or 20 water-tube (Bollevilo) boilers. The maxi mum speed is to be 23 knots per hour, but for all ordinary occasions the speed will not be more than 19 or 20 knots. All the plans have been prepared, but the yaeht is not to be ready for commission until Mlazoh, 1899. A curious probate suit, involving some £100,000, will shortly come on in the London Courts.. This sum has been left by an old gentleman to found and endow a churoh on the condition that oevery Sunday before ser vice the whole of the thirty-nine articles are to be read by the clergyman outside the church door Disinhorited relatives are con testing the calidity of the will. 