THE GEM FINDERS PART I. continued.) " , l; t D r a n i n t 0 the i valley. Without difficulty 1 reston and his companions managed to get within a quarter of a mile of the camp, and obtain a full view of it. There were upwards of thirty aboriginals to be seen, of whom more than half were gins and pmaninnies. Most of them were reclining or sitting against the rough sun- Shades which had been erected. Have a look at that fellow standing near the palm on the right/' Preston said to x>arrotVs, handing him at the same time the telescope. /-The mate of the Lucinda took a lone view at the person indicated, and then, turning to the captain, exclaimed in a deep voice and with a strange pallor on his W e d face: "By Heu-ens, Preston, tnat s a white man !" Silently Preston took the telescope aoain from his companion, and looked earnestly at the unconscious object which had attracted the absorbed attention of the two He was standing motionless near a hmm fcianga, or " blackboy," a magnisient and u.ef» speces of palm which grew h, tlm locahtj - His appearance was quite different from any of the dusky ^ 0up which were around. He was clad in a rough garment of kangaroo skin, whilst all the others were ouite mule, and hibeard was at least u foot long. His face too, though bronzed and weather-beaten' was many shades lighter than those of his companions. As the telescope brought him within a few feet of the observers there was uo mistaking the fact that he was a white man, and as Preston lowered the <da«3 he said with something of awe in his manner : — "Do you think, Barrows, it can be Lcichhardt mate looked puzzled for a few moments, and then answered : — "Well, it might be, yet I scarcely dare Jt ^ seventeen years since tiding were heard of Leichhardtor his party, buttf it is not the leader of that ill-fated expedition, it must surely be one of the followers. No other white man could be in such a position." 1 That is why I a m certain it is either Lcichhardt or one of his men. They have been traoed as far as the Start Range, and it would not be very difficult to get this far Once here, the only thing to do would be to fraternise with the blacks and live with them. We must find out the mystery somehow," Preston replied. "That may not be an easy matter. L>o you not see the tribe is on a fighting expedition. They are painted with white clay, and must belong to the Ngurln, tribe which is one of the worst in the district. I fear they would show strong fight against so small a party,''the mate said. "Let us go back to the boat and get more men. A night attack will probably avoid bloodshed," Captain Preston answered. " The aborginals all over the continent have a horror of a night attack, especially if it is carried out in a certain manner. They firmly believe that demons oc evil spii:<ts haunt the camps under the cloak and shelter of darkness. These malign spirits slay men and women in the most atrocious manner possible, and as a rule in tribal wars one hostile body will not attack the other during the middle of the night. Even when two hostile camps are pitched half a mile from each other no sentries are placed. The whole body will squat round the fires until 10 or 11 o'clock, and then •go to sleep until within an hour of daybreak, when the attack is usually made. This dread of ghosts is so great that even in the burial customs of the aboriginals it is recognised. Before being placed in the grave, smoke dried, or put on the stages, according to the different customs of various tribes, the arms and legs of the corpse are securely tied with rushes or strings made from sinews of wild animals. The finger nails are frequently torn off, and the hair singed. Even after all these precautions to prevent the spirit of the deceased rising, the tribs does not feel secure. Various incantations are practised and small sticks placed upright in the ground around the camp fire to keep the ghostly visitants at a respectful distance. Preston and his mate knew something of these superstitious notions, and resolved to take advantage of them. Before going they scanned the »mp, The strange white man was still motwn-, less beside the kianga, whilst most of his; sable companions were asleep outside their ' gunyahs. Though naked, even the men'; wcr.e ornamented. Some of them wore I feather plumes on their heads, with pearl; shells depending from a girdle round their waists. The females were adorned with small pellets of transparent gum suspended from locks of their rough woolly hair. Hanging on some of the adjacent trees were several nets made from spinifex fibre, whilst around the smouldering fire lay some wooden scoops and conch shells. It was now 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and after a keen glance at the camp surroundings Preston gave the order to return. With little difficulty this was done, and at 'J the party were once more on the Lucinda. Little time was spent there, as it was necessary to get back to the hill before night fell. Six more men were selected, and with the number augmented to ten both the captain and the mate considered the force amply sufficient for the purpose intended. It was seven o'clock when they set out again for the peak, and when darkness enshrouded the locality the party had gained its summit. Below, in the valley, a large fire gleamed brightly, for the aboriginals had no suspicion that an enemy was near. As the gloom deepened the fire bhzed up, and the watchers on the summit of the hill could clearly see the shadowy outlines of the aboriginals grouped around it. On more than one occasion theform of the white man, easily distinguishable by the rug he wore, was observed. Shortly after JO o'clock, after a short consultation with Barrows, the captain gave the signal to move cautiously down on the unsuspecting aboriginals. The Malays, who are naturally blood-thirsty, were strictly enjoined not to shoot or otter violence unless in self defence. The only desire of Preston was to, if possib'e, capture the strange white man, for he felt assured a mystery hung over him, and that he was being kept by the blacks against his will. It was arranged that Barrows, with half the Malays, should skirt round to the opposite side of the camp, and at a given signal both parties should rush in and secure the prisoner. If resistance was offered it might be necessary to use force, but that would be a last report. It must be confessed that the real object of Preston and Barrows in their attempted rescue of the supposed prisoner was not altogether an unselfish one. Whilst desirous of assisting one whom they considered of their race from his bondage, it occurred to both that a white man who apparently had spent many years in the loca lity must be possessed of some valuable information regarding its resources. He would probably be able to verify the fairy tales of wealth, or say that they were mere phantoms of imagination born of the superstitious Unknown, No white man had ever trod that region lying to the back of the Victoria river,except, indeed, Lcichhardt or some of his party still survived. Strange legends had reached the ears of Preston and his mate, and also many of the seamen who cruised round the northwest coast of the continent. It was said that natives had been seen at different times in the Kimberley district possessed not only of gold, but also arrayed with ornaments formed of magnificent rubies and other precious stones. Imagination conjured up Golcondas and El Dorados as existent within that vast hidden territory, and many a day-dream had been dreamt by thi? hardy men who were gradually creeping round the treacherous coast, founding the nuclei of settlements, that wealth immeasurable lay within it. This view was shared to the utmost by the master and mate of the Lucinda. vTo OR Continued.) The "Wife : ' How dare you, sir, to scold me befrre Mrs. Caller?' The husband: 'Well, you know, Maria. I daren't scold you when we are by ourselves.' Hungry Henry (the tr.mp): "Puggsy's pittm' to be a reg'lertoff. Weary William: "What's 'e done?" Hungry Henry: "'E washed 'isself this mornia."' 