THE PEACOCK AT HOME. GRANNIE'S CHRISTMAS STORY. FOR THE CHILDREN. By SPERO MELIOR. "I am so tired of playing horses, ' said little Eve, as she seated herself upon a soft grass hanlc in the garden. " Do let us play something else!" "Yon are a little softy to be tired st soon; hut then you are only a girl," 6&id; George, at the same time removing the string from the arms of his little sister. 'black, will you he my horse instead?" "Yes — no," replied Jack in one breath. "Let. us play another game. It is too hot to run, and, toy-the-hyc, do you know what day this is?" "Why, of course I do. It is Christ mas Eve come round again, and Gran nie promised to tell us a story." "But Grannie is busy, so what shall we do?" "I know," said Kate; "let each of u> in turn try to make up a new nursery rhyme, and that will pass the time until Grannie comes." "All right; who will begin?" said George. "Girls first, of course," said Jack; "so Eve shall commence." "Oh! Eve cannot make one up, I know." laughed George. "However, my lady Eve. we anxiously await your Aral production, so fire away." With her head resting upon her pi unit little hand, she thought for a moment, and then began— "Twinkle, twinkle little hat, How 1 wonder what you're at." "Stop: that is not original, you littlt goose," laughed George. "I don't know what original, means," said the little girl; "but it is poetry, be- cause I read it in Alice in Wonderland. So there!" "I know you did, darling: but you murt make up something quite new, out of your own little head," said Kale, "so try again, deary." So Eve thought again, and then, with a merry smile, gave forth the follow.- ing: — "Splutter, splutter little sprat. While I fry you in the fat." There was a shout from the boys. "Good for you. Eve. Let us give three cheers for her ode to the sprat." "And now, Kate, let us hear what you can do. Have you thought of one?" "Yes; here it is": "I had a little wife I made ouit of snow, I put her in a cupboard to keep her from a foe; I went for to fetch her. but you will laugh when I say My little snow wife had melted away." "There is not much merit in it," said George, with a critical air; "but let it pass." "Now for your's, Jack." < "There was an old woman, so I'v heard say, She made a plum pudding for Christ mas day; But that pudding was so light That it gave her such a fright. So she couldn't make another on next Christmas day." "That is not good at all. There ars too many legs In it, or feet, or whatever they call it; so you must try again." "It is not -fair to make me say 'two to your olirv' said Jack. . "However,. if you want to make a blooming pcet of me, why, here goes for another": And -then -ho began ..gain—' '"Little. Willie "Winkle, sitting on a heap " Heard soivre little chickens crying peep, peep, peep. Mother hen, in a flutter, stole poor Willie's bread and butler. And gave ' it to her chickens by the heap, heap, heap." "There, old fellow, I am not going to make up another. It is your turn now, su out with it." "But 1 cannot think of one," said George; "you will have to let me off." "No, no," said all the children. "You have criticised our rhymes, so it is only fair that you should produce one, and let us judge this time." "Oh! if I must; I' must; but, to be hon est, I do not believe I can make up half \- such good one as your's, Jack." "Never mind; let' us have the best you run produce, so proceed, as the old man said to his donkey. Don't be shy, old fellow; we will excuse you," said Jack, in a patronising tone. "Weil, this is all I can do," said George- Hover, little .blue-tail, hover, Round about the honey cover; If you did 'not soar so high, I would c-.tch you, blue- tailed fly." "Hooray!" they all cried; "that is the best of all." "You must make up another to be even with Jack, though" said Kate. So George began .gain: "Little Johnny cow-boy swinging on a gate, He swung so long till it grew quite late; His master came to seek him with a very long whip, And Johnny didn't walk home, but he'd skip, skill, skip!" At this moment Grannie was spied coining towards the little group.. There was a shout of delight from the children, and soon Grannie was besieged by her pets, who begged her to come and help them moke nursery rhymes. "It is no use to ask me to help you, darlings," said Grannie, laughingly free ing herself from their clutches. "I never could make a rhyme were it to save my hfe; but, as poetry is to be the order of the day, I will tell you a story which is very, very old. and was taught me by my grandmother, when I was little, like you. And it will he quite new to you." "Did your Grannie make it up?" asked inquisitive Jack. "J cannot tell, she may have been the author of it, for all 1 know. I have never seen it published in any story hook; so if you will all sit down I will rxpeat it to you. It is something like C.he Butterfly's Ball," "till! I can say that from beginning ;o o-nd," said George; "and it is jolly. Do begin, Grannie?" "And you must learn to repeat this id.so, my boy." And then Grannie began the follow ing story:— «e Buiterflys' ball and the Grasshoppers' feasts Excited lhe spleen of the birds and the beasts; Tor their mirth and good cheer of the Bee was the theme, And the Gnat blew bis born, as he aauced in tin- beam. 'Ttv.-.S hummed by the Beetle, 'twas buzz d by And rutur by the myriads that sport through ' tiie shy. The quadrupeds lisier.od in sullen displeasure, llut. the tenants of air were enraged be yond measure. The Peacock displayed his bright plumes to the sun. And. addressing his mates, thus indignant la gun: 'Shall we. like domestic, inelegant fowls, As un polished as geese, and is stupid as git tamely at home, hum-drum with our spouses. While Crickets and Butterflies open their houses? Shall sueh mean little insects pretend to the fashion: Cousin Turkey-cock, well may you be in a passion ' If I softer such insolent airs to prevail. May Juno pluck out all the eyes in uiy tail. .So a fete I will give, and my taste I'll dis play. And send out my cards for 'St. Valentine's Bay." Tins determined, six Carrier Pipeons went out To Invito all the birds to Sir Argus's Bout. Hbc nest-loving Turtle Dove sent an excuse. Maine Partiet lay in, as did good Mrs Goose. The Turkey, poor soul, was confined to the l'OOFt, For all hc-r young brood had just given up the ghost. The Partridge was asked, but declined with a sigh, Being required a snug party to meet in a pic; 'And cousin's, Bast year, to a feast were invited by dozens. But, alas! they rcturu'd not, and she had no taste .To appear in a costume of vine leaves or . paste. The Woodcock preferr'd his lone haunt on the luoor, And the Traveller Swallow was still on his tour: While the Cuckoo, who should have been one of the guests,- Was still on a visit to other birds' nests. But the rest all accepted the kind invitation, And much bustle it caused iu the plumed creation. Eucb ruffling of feathers, such pruning of coats £uch chirping and whistling, such clearing of throats; Encli polishing bills, and such oiling of pin ions Had never been known in the biped dominions. The Tailor-bird offered to make up new clothes For all the young BirdlingG who wished to be beaux. He made for the robin a doublet of red, And a new velvet cap for the Goldfinch's head; He added a plume to the Wren's golden crest. And spangled with silver the Guinea-fowl's breast; .While the Halcyon bent over the streamlet to view How pretty she looked In her bodice of blue. .Thus adorned, they set off for the Peacock's abode, .With the Guide Indicator who showed them the road. From all points of the compass flocked birds cf all feathers; And the parrot can tell who and who were to gether. There was Lord C'-sF.iT.ary am! General Flam- lug.), A i. ! pare. I'.ip' i (ram Tlnmingo: l\cs.< is.-- . „.U I a ill ouic the High? varuc i And the Duchess Ptarmigan flew from the north. The Grebe end the Eider Duck came up by water, With, the Swan, who brought out the young Cygnet, -her daughter. From bis woodland abode came the Pheasant to meet Two kindred, arriv'd by tbe last Indian fleet; The one like a Nabob, in habit most splen did Where gold with each hue of the rainbow was blended. In silver and black, like a fair pensive maid. Who mourns for her love, was the other ar- . . rayed. The Cbouch came from Cornwall, and brought up his wife; The Grouse travelled south from his L&irdsbip; in Fife, The Bunting forsook her soft nest in the reeds, And the Widow Bird came, though she still wore her weeds. Sir John Heron, of the Lakes, strutted in a grand pas. But no card had been sent to the pilfering Daw, As tlie Peacock kept up his progenitors' quar rel Which .-Esop relates about cast-off apparel, For birds are like men in their contests to gether. And in questions of right can dispute for a feather. The Peacock Imperial, the pride of his race, Received all his gliosis with an infinite grace, Waved high his Diue neck, and bis train he displayed, Embiciaered with gold, and with emeralds in laid. Then, with nil the gay troop, to the sbrubb'ry repaired, Where musical birds had a concert prepared. A holly bush form'd the orchestra, and tn it Bat the Blackbird, the Thrush, the Lark and the Linnet; A Bullfinch, a captive, almost from the nest. Now cscap d from his cage, and with liberty blest In sweet mellow tone, mixed the lessons of art With the accents of nature which flowed from hi heart. Tbe Canary, a much admired foreign musi cian. Condescended to sing to the Fowls of condi tion ; Whifj the Nightingale warbled and quavered so fine That - .aej- all clapped their wings, and pro nounced it divine. The Skylark, in ecstacy, sang from a cloud, Aud Chanticleer crowed and tbe Valtll laughed loud. The .daucing began, when the singing was over; A Dotterel! first opened the ball with the Plover. Baron Stork, iu a waltz, was allowed to excel Willi his beautiful partner, the fair Demoi- ssele; And newly-lkiged Gcs.int,, so fair aud ger.- teel, A minuet swam wiih the spruce Mr Teal. A London-bred sparrow— a pert, forward cit— Danced a reel with -Miss Wagtail and Little Tom Tit. And the Sieur Guillemont next performed a pas seul, While .the elderly bipeds were playing at pool. Tile Dowager Lady Toucan' first cut in With old Dr Buzzard and Admiral Penguin. From Ivy-Bush Tower came Dame Owiet, the wise, And Counsellor Crossbill sat by to advise Some birds past their prime o'er whose heads it) was liitod Should pass many St. Valentines; yet be un- malcd, Sat by si,d nmarktd thai tut- prudent and sage Were quite overlooked In this frivolous age, When birds, scarce pen-feather'd were brought to a rout, Forward chits from the eggshell, but newly come out. In tbvi- .- dtlifu! days they ne'er witnessed such frisking, And bow wrong in the Greenfinch to flirt with tlie Sparrow' So thought Lady Macaw, and her-friend Cocka too, And the Raven foretold that no good could en sue! They censured the Bantam for strutting and crowing In those vile pantaloons which he fancied looked knowing. And a want of decorum Mused many demurs Against the Game Chicken tor coming in spurs. Old Alderman Cormorant, for supper impa tient. At the eating- room door for an hour had been stationed; Till a Magpie at length the banquet announc ing, Gave the signal, long wished for, of clamoring pouncing. At the well-furnished board all were eager to perch, : But the little Miss Creepers wcrcl left iu the lurch. I only should fail, and my pen is unable To recount all the luxuries which covered the table: Each delicate viand that taste could denote. Wasps a la piquant and Flies en compote; Worms and Frogs en friture for the web-footed Fowl, And a barbecued Mouse was prepared for the Owl. At length Chanticleer, iu a clear, ringing note. Gave bis warning to those who had distance to travel. Each vied with the other in thanking their host. Then took to their wings, and flew home to their roost. "There!" said Grannie, "I have finish ed; and for the next amusement I pro pose that you get Goldsmith's Natural History, and try to find out ail the birds I have mentioned in this little story." By SPERO MELIORA. Cuculus Indicator, a bird of tbe cuckoo kind, found in parts of Africa. It has a shrill note! which the natives answer, aud the birds, re peating the note, the natives are thereby led to the wild bee hives, which the birds frequents. "The Numidean Crane, from the elegance of its appearance and its singular carriage, is called the Demoiselle, which means the young lady; for it walks very gracefully, and some times skips and leaps as though it were trying to dance, very much like our Native Compan ion. 