WONDERFUL WOMAN; OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY, BY MRS MAY AGNE'S FLEMING. Author of "Wed, Yet No Wife," "Nor- ine," "Baronet's Bride," Etc, CHAPTER .II. — (Continued). "Now, Peter, don't put on that ill- tempered face; it quite spoils your good looks, and you know you have none to spoil— spare, I mean. Well, yes, then: I am afraid you must consider yourself rejected. I really should like to oblige you in this matter, but you perceive I can't. Come, let us make It up — I'm not angry — and take me back to the draw- ingroom for my dance. It is a sin to lose such music as that." "In one moment, Katherine. Will you answer me this, please? Is it for Gaston Dantree 1' am refused?" "Cousin Peter, I shall lose my temper if you keep on. If there was no Mr Dantree in the case, I should reject you all the same. You're very well -as a first cousin; as a husband— excuse me! I wouldn't marry you if you were the only man left in the world, and the penalty of refusing you be to go to my grave an old maid. Is that answer decisive enough?" "Very nearly! Thank you for your plain speaking, Kathie." He was very white with suppressed anger. "But lest we should misunderstand each other in the least, won't you tell me whether or not Mr Dantree is to be future lord of Scarswood Park? Because, in that case, for the honor of the family I should en deavor to- discover the gentleman's an tecedents. A classic profile and a fine voice for singing may be sufficient vir tues in the eyes of a young lady of seventeen, but I'm afraid thev would hardly satisfy the world or Sir John." "For the world I don't care that! For Sir John, whatever makes me happy, will satisfy him. I am trying to keep my temper, Peter, but don't provoke me too far it's not safe. Will you. or will you not, take me out for the dance? I am not accustomed to ask favors twice." How queenly she says it— the heiress of Scars wood! "And it is for this Yankee singing man — this needy adventurer — -this negro minstrel in his own land— that I am cast off." She whirled round upon him in a storm of sudden fury, and made a step towards him. But rage lent him cour age;. he stood his ground. "You little wretch!" cried Miss Dan- 9- .gerfield, "how dare you stand there and -say such things to me? How dare you call Gaston Dantree an adventurer? You Who would not presume' to call your -soul your own in his presence! Negro minstrel, indeed ! You wretched little attorney! One should be a gentleman to judge gentlemen. That's why Mr Dan tree is beyond your judgment! Don't ever speak to me again. Your very of fer is an insult. To think that I— I would ever marry you— a little, rickety dwairf." And then dead silence fell. I don't uphold this heroine of mine — her, temper is abominable, I'll allow; tout the moment the last words passed her lips her heart smote her. Peter Dangerfield stood before her white aLs death, and trembling so that he was forced to grasp a gilded flower-stand for support. "Oh, Peter, I am sorry!" she cried out- "I didn't mean that — I didn't! 1 didn't — forgive it — forget it — my temper is horrible— I m a wretch; but you know" — suffering a slight relapse— "it was all your own fault. Shake hands, cousin; and oh, do — do — do forget my Wicked words!" But he drew back from the out stretched hands, smiling a ghastly smile enough. "Forget them ? Certainly, Cousin Katherine! I'm not the sort of fellow to bear spite. You're very good, and all that; but, if it's all the same to you, I'll mot shake hands. And I won't keep you from dancing that quadrille any longer. I'll not be your partner. I don't dance as well as Mr Dantree, and I see him coming this way now." Excuse me for having troubled you about this pre sumptuous love of mine; I won't do it again." Then he turned away, and Gaston Dantree, looking like a picture in a frame, stood in the rose-wreathed en trance arch. "I am sorry, and I have apologised," Katherine said, coldly. "I can do no more-" "No more is needed. Pray, don't keep Mr Dantree waiting. And I would rather he did not come in here just now." "Come, Kathie," Mr Dantree called softly. It had come to that, then; it was "Kathie" and "Gaston." He saw him draw her hand under his arm as one- having the right, whisper something in her ear that brightened her face with sunshine, and lead her away. Peter Dangerfield stood, alone. He watched them quite out of sight— his teeth set, his face perfectly colorless, and a look of evil in his small eyes. "I have read of men who sold -their souls to the devil for a price," he said, be tween his set teeth. "I suppose the days for such bargains are over, and souls are plentiful enough in the kingdom of .his dark majesty, without, paying a farthing. But if those days could come again, and Satan stood beside me, 'I would sell my soul now for revenge on you!" "Are you sure you have one to. sell ?" a clear sharp' voice close- behind him -said- "I never thought lawyers were troubled with those inconvenient ap pendages — hearts and souls. Weli, if you have, keep it; it's of no use to me! And I'm not Satan, either, but yet I think for a fair price- 1 can give you vour revenge." He whirled round with a stifled excla mation, and saw at his elbow — Mrs -Vavasor. CHAPTER III.— AMONG THE ROSES. She stood beside him, her ceaseless J smile at its brightest on her small face, looking like some little female Mephisto- pheles come to tempt a modern Faust. He put up his eyeglass to look at her. What a gorgeous little; creature she was! It was his first thought. In the dim yellow light of the conser vatory, the amber silk glittered with its pristine lustre- The yellow roses she wore made such an admirable foil for her dead black hair. "What the deuce brings me here? Don't trouble yourself to ask the ques tion, mon ami; your face asks it for you. I've been eavesdropping" — in her -airiest tone — "not intentionally, you under stand," as the young man continued to stare speechlessly at her through his eyeglass. "Entering" the conservatory toy the merest chance, I overheard Miss Dangerfield's last words to you; 'a little more than kin, and less than kind,' were they not ? Permit me to con- 'gratulate you, Mr Dangerfield." Congratulate me!" Mr Dangerfield re peated, dropping his double-barrelled eyeglass, .and glowering vengefully at the fair creature by his side. ' "In Heaven's name, on what ?" "On having escape® becoming the hus-" toand of a teimagaiYt. : Believe me, not even Scars wood and eight thousand a 359 year would counterbalance so atrocious a temper as that." "Eight thousand a year would coun terbalance with me even a worse temper than that, Mrs Vavasor," the lawyer an swered, grimly. "I am only sorry I am not to have the opportunity of trying- Once my wife, I think I could correct the acidity of even Katherine Dangerfield's temper and tongue." "No, you could not. Petruchio him self would fail to tame this shrew- You Bee, Mr Dangerfield, I speak from expe rience. I know What kind of blood flows in our spirited Katherine's veins," "Very good blood, then, I am sure- very good-tempered, too, in the main — at least, on fhe father's side." "Ah, on the father's side!" The sneer with which this was said was indescrib able. May I asa if you knew her mo ther, Mr Dangerfield?" Certain! I did — a very fins woman, too. and as amiable as she was hand some. Colonel Dangerfield (Sir John was colonel then) married a Miss Lascelles, and Katherine was born in this very house, while they were making their Christmas visit. You may have known her father and mother— you certainly seem to know Sir John suspiciously well— but don't tell me Katherine took her tantrums from either of them— I know better." "I see you do — you know all about it. How old was Katherine when her fiat he" and mother left England for India?" Two or three years, or thereabouts. It seems to me— being so well acquaint ed, and all that, as you say— you ought to kno-w yourself. Was it in England or India you came to know Sir John so well?" Mn neither, Mr Dangerfield." "Or does your acquaintance extend only to the baronet? Gad! he looked like an incarnate thundercloud when pre senting you. His remembrances of you must be uncommonly pleasant ones, I should say. Did you know the late Mrs Colonel Dangerfield, Mrs Vavasor "I knew the late Mrs Colonel Danger- field, Mr Dangerfield." "And yet you say Katherine takes her temper from her mother. My late ami-t in -law must have greatly changed, then from the time I saw her last." "I repeat it," Mrs Vavasor said, tao- pingherfan, "Katherine inherits her most abominable temper from her mother, the only inheritance her mother ever left'her. And she looks like her — wonderfully like her— so like," Mrs Vavasor repeated in a strange, suppressed voice, "that I could almost take her for a ghost in pink gauze." "Like her mother!" cried Peter Dan gerfield. "I beg your pardon, Mrs Va vasor, but you must be drea-ming. She is no more like her mother than I am. The late Mrs Dangerfield was a hand some woman." "Which our spirited heiress never will he. I agree with you, Mr Danger- field; and yet you told me you were in love with her, and wanted to marry her." J "I meant what I .said," the young man responded, sullenly, "Jdo want to marry ner." '"Or her fortune — which?" "I don't see that that's any business of yours, Mrs Vavasor, and I don't see what I am standing here abusing Ka therine to you for. You don't like her, do you? Now, what has she ever done to you?" "Nothing whatever — I haven't seen Katherine until to-night for fifteen years. She was two years old then— a little de moiselle in short clothes, and too young to have any enemy." "Yet you are her enemy, Mrs Vavasor and you sit at her table and eat her bread and salt. And you speak of her mother as if you. detested her. Is it for the mo ther's sake you hate the daughter'7" "For the mother's sake." She repeated the four short words with a concentrated bitterness that rather repelled her com panion. "And you hate her for 'her own Mr Dangerfield." She laid her little hand suddenly and sharply on his arm and sent the words in his ear in a sibi lant whisper. "We bo'th hate her; let us make common cause together, and have our revenge." Peter Dangerfield threw off the gloved hand that felt unpleasantly like a steel manacle on his wrist. "Don't be melodramatic, if you please, Mrs Vavasor. Revenge, indeed ! And! a lawyer. You would make an uncom monly good actress, my dear madam, but in private life your histrionic talents are quite th'roWn away. Revenge! Bali! Why, the vendetta has gone out of fashion even in Corsica. We don't live in the days of the handsome .Lucrezia, when a perfumed rose or a pair of kid gloves sent one's adversary to glory. There is rio such word as revenge in these latter days, my dear madam. If one's wife runs away from one with some other fellow, we don't follow and wipe out -our dishonor in his blood; we simply go to Sir Creswell and get a di vorce. If we run away with some other fellow's wife, that good fellow sues us for damages, and makes a good thing of it. Believe me, Mrs Vavasor, revenge is a word that will soon be obsolete, ex cept on theatrical boards. . But, at the same time, I should like to know what you mean." "What is that you say ?" Mrs Vava sor cried. "While the world lasts and men love and hate, and use swords and pistols, revenge will never go out of fashion. And you hate your cousin- hate her so that, if looks were lightning she would have fallen, at your feet ten minutes ago. 'A little, rickety dwarf!' " She laughed her shrill, somewhat elfish laugh. "Not a pleasant name to be called, Mr Dangerfield." His face blackened at the remem brance; his small, pale eyes shot forth that steely firelight blue eyes only can flash. "Why do you remind me of that 9" he said, hoarsely. "She did not mean it- she said so." She said -so she said so!" his cO'm- p anion cried', scornfully. "Mr Peter Dangerfield, you're not the' man I take you for if you endure quietly such an insult as that. And look at her now. with Gaston Dantree, that penniless tenor singer, with the voice of an angel and the face of a god. Look, how she smiles up at him. Did she ever give you such a glance as that ? See how he bends over her and whispers in her ear. Did she ever listen to you with that happy face, those drooping, down cast eyes ? Why, she loves that man— that impoverished adventurer- and love and, happiness make her almost beautiful. And she called you a rickety dwarf. Perhaps even now they are laughing over it rather as a good "Woman ! Devil!" her victim burst out, goaded to frenzy. " Katherine Dangerfield would stoop to no such base ness as that!" joke." "Would she not? You have yet to learn to v hat depths of baseness women like her can stoop. She has bad, bitter bad blood m her veins, I tell you. She comes of a daring unscrupulous race. Oh don't look at me like that. I don't mean the Dangerfields. And you will bear her merciless taunt, and stand quietly by while she marries yonder handsome cox comb. and go . and be best man at the wedding, and take your hat off for ever after when you meet Gaston Dantree, master of Scarswood Park. Bah! Peter Dangerfield, you must have milk and water in your veins instead of blood, and I am only wasting my time here talking to you. I'll detain you no longer. I wish you good evening." She had goaded him to the right point at last. As she turned to go, he caught her arm fiercely and held her back. "Stay!" he cried, hoarsely; "you shall not go! You do well to say I hate her. And she shall never marry Gaston Dan tree if I can prevent it! Only show me the way how! Only show me!" he ex claimed, breathless and hoarse, "and see whether I have blood in my veins in stead of milk and Av/ater— -a man's pas sions in my heart— though if be the heart of a rickety dwarf!" Ah. that blow struck home. "Look at them jftnce again, Mr Danger- field, lest your brave resolutions, should cool— look at Katherine Dangerfield and her lover now." j The baronet's daughter was waltzing again — she had a passionate love of dancing, and floated with the native grace of a Bayadere. She was waltzing, wiith Dantree, her long rose-wreathed brown hair floating over her shoulder, her happy face up lifted as she whirled down the long vista in his arms to the intoxicating music of "The Guard's Waltz." "You see," Mrs Vavasor said, signifi cantly, "he who, runs may read, and he who stands still may understand. His melancholy tenor voice, his lover-like sighs, his dark, pathetic eyes, have done their work— Katherine Dangerfield is in love with Gaston Dantree! It is a Arery old story: A lady of high degree has 'stooped to conquer.' Sir John won't like it. I daresay; but could Sir John refuse his idolized darling anything? If she cried for the moon she would 'have it. And she is so impetuous, dear child! She will be Mrs Gaston Dantree in the time it would take another young lady to decide the color of the bridesmaids' dresses." "She shall never be Mrs Gaston Dan tree if I can prevent it!" Peter Danger- field cried, vehemently, his pale blue eyes filled with lurid rage. "Yes, but unhappily there is the rub— if you can prevent it. ' You don't sup pose now," Mrs Vavasor said, thought fully, "this Mr Dantree is in love with her?" "I know nothing about it. He looks as though he were, at least— and be hanged to him!" "That tells nothing. She is the heiress of Scarswood, and Mr Dantree— like yourself, I haven't a doubt— is in love with that. I wonder if either of you would want to marry her if she hadn't a farthing— if her brown hair and her fine figure were her only fortune?" "I can answer for myself— I would see her at the deuce first!" "And unless I greatly mistake him. Mr Dantree Avould also. How she looks up at him! How she smiles! Her infatua tion is patent to the whole room. And, after her, you are the heir-at-law, Mr Dangerfield." "I don't see what that's got to do with it," the young man retorted, sulkily. "I can likely to remain heir-at-law to the end of my days, for what I see. Sir John will go off the hooks, and she will marry, and there will be a son — half a dozen of 'em. most likely— and my cake is dough. I wish you Avouldn't talk about it at all. It's of no use a man howling his life ouit for what he neA'er can get." "Certainly not— for what he can't get; but I don't perceive the 'can't get' in this case. Three people stood between Colo nel Dangerfield and the title six months ago, and they — as you express it in the elegantly allegorical language of the day — 'Avent off the hooks;' and lo! our Indian officer all in a moment steps into three pairs of dead men's shoes, a title, and a fortune. Scarswood may change hands very unexpectedly before the year ends again." "Mrs Vavasor— if that be your name— I don't understand you. What's the use of badgering a man in this way? If you've go't anything to- say, say it. I neArer was any hand at guessing riddles. What the deuce do you mean?" Mrs Vavasor laughed gaily. "Forcible, but not polite ! Did you ever have your fortune told, Mr Danger- field ? I haA'e some gipsy blood in my veins. Give me your hand, and I'll tell it, without the proverbial piece of sil ver." He held it out mechanically. Under all this riddle-like talk, he knew -some strong meaning, very much to the point, lay. What could she mean? Who could she be? She took his thin, pale, cold hand, and peered into the palm, with the prettiest fortune-telling air imaginable. "A strangely chequered palm, my gen tleman; all its strange future to come. I see a past quiet and uneventful. I see a character thoroughly selfish, avarici ous, and unprincipled. No, don't take your hand away; it wilt do you good to hear the truth once in a way, Mr Dan gerfield. You can hate with tigerish in tensity; you Avould commit any crime under heaven for money, so that you were never likely to be found out. You care for nobody but yourself, and you never will. A woman stands in your path to fortune — a woman you hate. That obstacle will be removed- I see here a ruined home, and over ruin and death you step into fortune. Don't ask me how. The lines don't tell that, just yet; they may very soon. You are to be a baronet, and the time is very near, How do you like your fortune, Sir Peter Dangerfield, that is to be?" She dropped his hand, and looked him full in the face, streaming fire in her black eyes. 4 "Hush-h-h! for Heaven's sake !" he whispered, in terror. "If you should be overheard!" "But how do you like it?" "There can be no question of that. Only I don't understand. You are mock ing me. What you predict can never happen." "Why not?" "Why not— why not?" he exclaimed, impatiently. "You don't need " to ask that question. Katherine Dangerfield stands between me; a life as good — bet ter than my OAvn." "What I predict will happen, as surely as we stand here. Don't ask me how ; I can't tell you to-night. There's a sec ret in Sir John Dangerfield's life — a sec ret I have been paid well to keep — which I have kept for fifteen years, which no money will make me keep much longer. I have a debt of long standing to pay off — a debt of vengeance, contracted before Katherine Dangerfield was born, which Katherine Dangerfield yet must pay. What will you giA'e me if within the next three months I make you heir to Scars wood?" "You?" . "I." "It is impossible." "It is not!" , She stamped her foot. "Quick! Tell me — what will you give?" "I don't understand you." "I don't mean that you shall yet. Will you give me ten thousands pounds the day that makes you — through me, mind — lord of Scarswood? Quick! Here come our lovers. Yes or no?" "Yes." "It is well. I shall have your bond instead of your promise soon- Not a whisper of this to a. living mortal, or all is at an end. We are sworn. allies, then, from this night forth. Shake hands upon it-" They clasped hands. He shivered a little, unprincipled though he was, as he felt the cold, steely clasp of her gloved fingers. She glanc« ed up, a flash of triumph lighting her eyes, to aa'here Katherine Dangerfield, still leaning on her handsome lover's arm. approached. ' Noaa-, fhen. my baronet's daughter— my haughty little heiress — -look to your self ! I am a woman who never yet spared friend or foe who stood in my path. Voo victis !" She vanished as she spoke, and Peter Dangerfield. feeling like a man in a dream, his head in a Avhirl. glided after her as his cousin and her cavalier step ped under the arch of rose and myrtle. CHAPTER IV.— LOVE UNDER THE LAMPS. "Hoav charmingly cool it is here," Miss Dangerfield's fresh young voice was say ing. as they came in; "how be\a'itching is this pale moonshiny sort of lamp light among the orange trees and myr tles; and, oh. Mr Dantree, how delicious- that last waltz was. "You have my step as nobody else has it, and you Avaltz so light— so light! It has been a heavenly evening altogether!" She threw herself into a rustic chair as she spoke, where trailing vines and crimson, blooms formed a brilliant arch over her head, and looked up at him with eyes that shone like stars. "I wonder if it is only because balls and parties are such rare things to me that I have enjoyed this so greatly, or because I am just seventeen, and every thing is delightful at seventeen; or be cause — because, Mr Dantree, I wonder if you have enjoyed yourself?" "I have been, in paradise, Miss Dan gerfield." "And how gloomy he says it, and how pale and wretched he looks," laughs Katherine. " Your paradise can't be any great things, judging by your face at this moment." "Miss Dangerfield, it is because my paradise has been so perilously sweet that I look gloomy. The world outside, bleak and barren, must have looked trebly bleak to Eve when she left Eden." "Eve shouldn't have left it. then. She should have had sense and left the tempting apple alone." "Ah, but it was so tempting, and it hung so deliciousl'y within reach! And Eve forgot,, as I have done, every thing—the fatal penalty — all but the heavenly sAveetness of the passing mo ment." "Well," Miss Dangerfield said, flutter ing her fan and looking upwards, "I may be stupid, Mr Dantree, but I don't quite catch your metaphor. Eve ate that apple several thousand years ago, and was very properly punished. But what has that to do with you?" "Because I, like iEve, haA'e eaten my apple to-night, and to-morrow the gates of my earthly paradise close upon me for ever." Divested of its adjuncts there AA'asn't. much, perhaps in the speech; but given to a young lady of seventeen, of a poetic and sentimental turn of mind — soft, sweet music swelling in the dis tance—a dim light— the fragrance of tropic flowers and warmth, and a remar kably good-looking young man — im plied a great deal. He certainly looked dangerously handsome at this moment. She laughed at his romantic words, but "there was a little tremor in her clear tones, as she spoke: "'Such a sentimental speech, Mr Dan tree! Sussex is a very nice county, and Scarswood a very agreeable place, no doubt; but neither quite constitutes my idea of paradise. And what do you mean by saying you lqave to-morrow?" "I mean I dare stay no longer. I should never have come here at all. I wish to Heaven I never had!" "Please don't be profane, Mr Dantree. Y'ou wish you had never come! Now, I call that anything but complimentary to the neighborhood and to me. Be kind enough to explain yourself, sir. Why do you wish you had never come?" "Because I have been mad— because I am mad. Oh, Katherine, can't you see? Why will you make me speak what I should die rather than utter? Why Avill you make me confess my mad ness—confess that I love you?" He made an impassioned gesture, and turned a/way. No professional actor could have done it better- His voice, his gesture, his passionate words Avere the perfection of high-class drama. And then there was dead silence. "You do not speak," he cried. "I have shocked you; you hate, you despise roe as I deserve?" He was really get ting alarmed in spite of his conviction that she was hopelessly in love with him. "Well, I deserve it all. I stand be fore you penniless, 'with neither noble name nor fortune to offer you, and I dare to tc-ll you of my hopeless passion. Katherine, forgive me." "Forgive me if you can, and tell me to go." Then his soft tenor tones died away pianissimo in stifled emotion, and he lifted her hand to his moustached lips. He trembled with an esctacy too great for words. He loved her like this— her matchless darling — and - he told her to bid him go- Her fingers closed over his. tighter and tighter— she bent down un til he could almost hear the loud 'throb bing of her heart. "Go!" she whispered faintly. "Gas ton, I should die if you left me." He clasped both her hands with a wild, theatrical start, and gazed at her in incredulous amazement. "Katherine, do you know 'w'jat you say? HaA'e I heard you aright? For pity's sake do not mock me in my des peration—do not lift me for a moment to Heaven only to cast me out again! It cannot be— it is maddest presumption of me to hope that you love me." Her hands closed only the more close ly over his; her head drooped, her-soft, abundant brown hair hiding its tremor of bliss. "1 never hoped for this," he said; "I never thought of this! I knew it was my destiny — my madness to adore you; but never — no, never in my wildest dream— did I dare hope you could stoop to me. My darling, say it just once, that I may know that I am awake!" He was very wide- awake indeed at that moment. _ "Say just once, my heart's own darimg, 'Gaston. I love you!' " She said it, her face hidden on his shoulder, her voice trembling, every vein in her body thrilling with rapture. And .Mr Gaston Dantree smiled — a half-amused, a half-exultant smile of triumph. "I've played for the high stakes be fore," he thought, "but never so high as this, or with half so easy a vic tory. And— oh, powers of vengeance!— if Marie should ever find this out! There's only one drawback now — the old man. The girl may be a fool, but he's not. There'll be no end of a row when this comes out." She lifted her head from his shoulder, and looked up at him shy and sweet. "And you really care for me like this. Gaston, and you really thought I Avould let you go— you really thought the dif ference in wealth between us would be any difference to me? How little you know me!" "I know you for the best, the dearest, the loveliest of all women. But your father, Katherine; he will never consent 'to a poor artist like me coming and wooing his darling." "You don't knoAv him, Gaston; papa would do anything on earth to please me— anything. When he discovers how we love each other, he will never stand between us. He lives but to make me happy." "You are sure of this, Katherine?" "Certain. Gaston; your poverty will be no obstacle to him." "Then he's a greater fool than I take him for," thought Mr Dantree. "If I were in his place I would kick Gaston Dan-tree out of the room. Good heavens! if I should marry this girl, and it should get to Marie's ears! If? I shall marry her — come what may. Eight thousand a year at stake, and Marie the only obstacle in the way, and hundreds of leagues of sea and land between me and that ob stacle! There is no turning back now; come what may, I .shall marry the heiress of Scarswood." "Katherine," he said, taking both hands in his and looking in her eyes, "whatever betides, for good or for ill, you will not draw back; for good or for e\ril you are mine?" She met his eyes full for the first time. She. was pale, but there "was no tremor in her voice as she slowly repeated his words. Clearly and firmly they came: "Yours, Gaston — yours only. For good or for evil, to the end of my life — yours!" For good or for evil! — ominous words. For good- or for e\ril "the vow'was plighted; and she stood under the lamps, pledged to become Gaston Dantree's wife. . >.'.| CT® .toe Continued.) .. '1-1 