BODY-SNATCHING. j Dublin graveyards are nearly all outside the J walls—that is, supposing the walls to exist j which once mado Dublin a fortified town. I There are a surprising number of them when ! when ono thinks of it, and the more surprising that tboy aro not churchyards, but simply places ot sopulturo, though occasionally a ruinod gable thrusting itself above the grey headstones proves that ouce the graves wero clusteied about a church. There is quite a ring of those almost (orgottten graveyards surrounding Dublin at every point— gruesome places until Nature has quite recovered them, and, as in the ense of Bully's Acre, the most famous of them, hidden, all except the shouldors of tbe gravefctoues. under tho long waving grey green grass, as luxuriant as tho coarso grass of American prairies. But this does not take place uutil man has consented to give back the grave yard to Naturo ; and this is what ho is loth to do in Ireland. Ho clings to his own right, and his children's, to be buried with his father's as strenuously as he clings to bis patch of land where be lives. Why, tbo attempts of the Royal Hospital authorities to close, or eveu to enclose, Bully's Acre, caused the most violent riots in Dublin. Once the Liberty Boys marched out to attack the Royal Hospital, and were mot with closing of tho gates and hasty arming of tbe veteraus who had fought at Miudeu, Detti gett, and the Heights of Abraham. Tho mob w*s repulsed with some slaughter by tho old soldiers, but tho attempt to enclose thu historic graveyard was given up. The place was finally closed as a burial-ground after the cholera of 1832 had congested it past its utmost limits. They buried five hundred there in ten days. Tbo same year saw tbe burial there of Dan Donnelly, tbe famous pugilist, who had in in ternational combat beaten tho Englishman, Cooper, in that ii.deutation of the Curragb of Kildare known since as Donnelly's Hollow. Nothing would please his adoring countrymen but to bury their champion in what is known as ' Brian Boru's grave.' And there under the ancient Cross of St. Marguend the prize fighter's dust mingles with, the Royal dust of tho victor of Clontarf. Old people in Ireland will tell you still of Donnelly's triumphant entry into Dublin after the prize-light. He was carried on men's shoulders in the midst of a roaring sea of men, while his old mother walked at tbo head of tbe procession, crying with exultant pride as she beat her bosom, ** There's the breast that sucked him I There's the breast that sucked bim !' A couple of miles or so from Bully's Acre, on j the high road leading to Kildare, is Blue Bell graveyard, which used to be the scene of many body*snfttchiug exploits. It, too, is closed as a | place of burial, though, still, burials take place there by stealth. It is hidden by a high wall, j with a big gate it one end, and a lonely lane leads to it from tbe road. Such places, iu their loneliness and isolation, were the body-snatchers opportui'ity. I kuow ono who when bis locks wero lint-white was an innocent accomplice in the body-Miatching. I givo the recital in bis own words : — ' There was a mau named Jemmy Byrne, in my grandfather's employ, used to drive a milk cart to Dublin by the Naas-road every morning, I was a rosy-cheeked littlo cbap at the time, not above eight years of age. Oue morning I was in tbe cart with Jemmy, and it was tbe grey of tho morning. When we came uigh Blue Bell, Jemmy .pulled up in tbe shadow of the wall aud gave a low whistle. There was another whistle out of the dark, and then (wo flue, able-bodied young fellows lifted a sack into the cart. The minute we had it Jemmy drove off like blazes. * Sit down on the sack,' said Jemmy Vo me, 'an' 1 make yourself comfortable, an' if we're stopped just keep yonr seat and look quiet an' aisy, an' I'll buy you a Que lump of gingerbiead.' We weren't stopped that morning : I've no doubt Jemmy couldn't have bad a better disguise than my innocent face. 'Twas long afterwards, when I was nearly a man grown that I knew what we picked up in the sack aud dropped at Steeven's Hospital. They used to give Jemmy oneand six or two shillings for fetching iu the body among the milk-caus. Jemmy was the devil for roguery of all sorts ; but I wouldn't have taken the risk, not I.' The risk waB no light thing. Tho relatives of tbe dead used to watch tha graves, and wo« to the body-snatcher who waa caught red-handed ! YnungDr Abraham Colh*s, of Meirion-square, w:is either shot dead in a body-snatching melee, or died of tbe wounds. It was at Saggard churchyard, further into the country than Blue Bell, and in a wild mountainous district. He and some others were lifting the body of a girl who had died of consumpt ion when they were surprised by the watchers. The man who fired that fatal shot was u near relative of the dead girl. No oue betrayed him, though every one knew ; I suppose tbey thought it was a just retribution. The man died the other day at t ripe stge. I had seen him many a time, ruddy cheeked, blue-eyed, his red heart! beginning to grizzle. To judge by his looks, Dr. Colles's death bad uot lain heavily on bis heart or conscience. Sir Dominic Corrigau used to tell us how he took part in body-snotebing ixpeditious, aud of how ho had to ruu for his life from Bully's Acre, with an iufuriated crowd at his heels. A - ' friend of miue became very iuuocentty involved { in as disagreeable an adientuee. He is au euthu- I slastic antiquarian, and being 011 a visit with a { : friend, a country doctor, he suggested one even- 1 iug that tbey might see the old abbey by moon- , light. Tbe abbey is ou a headland jutting into. ! the bay. They reached tbo place before the 1 moon was up, aud haviug left the town b« hind. | found tbo country enveloped in tho pitchy j blackuess before moou-risiug They had taken ! the precaution to bring a lantern, ho** :ver, and J this they proceeded to light when they had j turned iuto the long, louoSy lane, which is so truly 'a road of sorrow. Arrived at tho abbey, they amused themselves while waiting for mpon-rising, by deciphering witlj tbe ,nid of the lantern the inscriptions on the old tombs. A wet frg was blowing iu from the sea by this time, aud they began to consider the advisability of gelling back to their warm fire side. Suddenly there was a faint rustling movomi nt through the long grass about the graves. '? Ghosts !' said my friend. 14 Worse,' said the other mau in a fierce whisper. u Tho watchers ! Out with the lantern, and make a dash for your life l' The lantern was blowu out aud flung dowu with a clatter ou a hidden grave stone. That minute there seemed to be a rush from every sido. 'God graut now tho moon doeiu't rtae !' prayed tho unhappy antiquarian. He eludod half-a-dozen grips as he mado his dash for life. At every step ho fell over old headstones, or stumbled upou graves. All urouud him be heard men cuisiug below their breaths as they too groped and felt iu the blackuess. He was some lime before he found an exit from the graveyard, for though the moon rose the fog was a thick white vapour. Once his presence of mind saved him. He was I suddenly caught and held in tho mist. '* Damn it, man,' he 8\id in a husky whisper, 14 dou't throttle a friend !' The hand rehxed from his throat, and a few minutes later he was pelting across fields as hard as he could go in tho dircc tiou of tho towu. His frieud had reached homo before him, and .was considering whether friend ship obliged him to call ia tho police. *' I knew if they bad you it was murder,' he said, ' but on the other hand, if they kuow it was I was in your company, my house would bo wrecked and | myself driven out in the world. Oh, the devil take you and your antiquities !' u Easy,' said 1 tho ether, ' 'twas yourself should have' known 1 the folly of the thing. And surely you could havo oleated yourself to your own townsmen !' 41 The watora of the oceau wouldn't wash me P' said thu ductor, 14 and anyhow, they'd givo mo no trial. 'Twould bo a case of hanging first and trying rae afterwards. But all's well that ends well. There'll be a hullabaloo about tho body snatohing. but they'll put it down to tho lads from C ? Medical School. One devilment moro or less to tho nccount of those luckos won't matter.'— 14 Pall Mall Gazette.' 