THE SQUIRE OF KILDERMAY; OR, URDER QUEEN VICTORIA'S RULE. 1 ' 7rY 0Fj OLD ENGLAND AND YOLNG AUSTRALIA. -" FREDERICK BURDON. CHAPTER 1. .: ' ".'_ ::naln of KIildermay was of great \- . nd its records dated back to the rr Conquest. Its fief washteld-by BarC ; e Lacey. who obtained It from t ,i -' nueror" in satisfaction for nill=l t?. F4:vices. But in course of time that fjly* .oied out, and the domalinphssed fr'm r'ight to squire till; In the time of p.- - Elizabeth. it had been reduced to I:` ti-.an half its former acreage. The :i?rmar. castle built by the flrst baron, rhich had for centuries beenh a terror " t _ surrounding country,' had be c:.= a ruin, and the greater part had l tn :ilised by adding to it a new :ructure of the Elizabethan style. .\buco fifty years prior to the com r::ncement of the following events' the nomain had been purchased by a weal -iy s"otchman of the name of Good ain, who considerably increased" the sc:ze of the estate, so that at this time it f.t lihtle short of Its original extent. Godwin was a bachelor, by repute, of a mcrse temper, and at constant -war rith h:s neighbors, -so that. h~i , as i:norei by them-a condition Of things vhich rather pleased than Irritated. On ti d-ath of a near relation he had t::-en charge of two children, a boy and a girl. to whom he became devotedly at tclhed, and it was no secret that they ~ould be his heirs. The only other member of the family -s a ne'er-do-well, who, before the id\ent of the two children, had looked i:l:t! the estate as his on the death of ;s uncle. He was a man of about f?lr years of age. fonder of the-gay, city than the quiet country, and bore a c~aracter the reverse of good. Robert Godwoin died, and, to the surprise of :ierybody. left no will-at least, none Suhil be found. and, in consequence, Ji:hn Rawdon became his heir. Th.' village of Kildermay lies In a hol oI:w formed by the slope of the sur r-unding hills. It can boast no claim to isaorical notice, for from the day the frst stone of its oldest cottage was laid itc existence had been humdrum, save f:r an occasional rara avis in the shape e" a visitor to the hostelry. But its tor rar had begun to pass away for ever tnder the slowly grinding wheel of Tim.'. which had brought two-changes against which fell monotony itself was cnot proof. One was material,and awoke the echoes of the hills by its shrill r.-hitle.and sleepy apathy of the village tL the bustle it brought in its train. The ite-ir was corporeal-namely, the death of the squire, and the advent of a new waster more in keeping with the hew' order of things. ' The village, as I have said, nestled at the base of an amphitheatre formed bt~ a natural conformation of the land. The crest of the hill spread for some dis tance to form a kind of table-land; and then dipped in undulating meadows and calleys. One mild October morning a traveller stood on the crest of the hill and sur wTiyed with evident pleasure the village tr:ow. The sleepy calmness of the s:sne. made more reposing by the ab seace of anything human, -appealed strongly to his feelings by contrast' to Ci-e whirl of life in the vast clty he had l:tely left. He was a young'mail, slime 15 built, but of well-knit frailre; ahd his manner and dress betolein'ed a person above the common. His featfiies:were r(easant, and itould be called haildsome ,when animated. but in repose the)y at tracted more by the sadnesdiof'expres s. ,n. which revealed 'deep suffering. Ti:ough young in years;-there was that II his bearing which' indicated Intellec tual powers developed to a high degree, n::; a quick perception "which admirably ft:ed him for the study of law In which e- was engaged. The beauty of the 1:. ne on w-hich he gazed tempted him it linger in contemplation of It, and to i::e the long. straggling street,. and ntat. trim cottages. ' There are other view's lian this to en trance the eye," he said, aloud, "but rone so soothing to the mind. Yonder mansion on the high ground beyond the v::lage is the-Hall.- Ali, me; there lies ry fate!--for'me the begliinlng and end o' all joy in this world. Kate, darling Eate--my love, my life, and constant thought and great desire-why art thou tt cold? Why dost thou lift my soul tc the seventh heaven one moment, and thie next fill It with despair ? I will 0;lye these doubts once for all. though t'e solution crush me." . The traveller arose from the ground o?, which he had cast himself, and 5siwly descended a path, now and tl en stopping to pluck some wild flower r.ore lasting than its fellows, and en t:red the village. He halted at the vil lage inn. and glanced at the prodigy of art painted oh the swinging sign- board, v hich represented an - apology for a th;rush - so unlike that the uninitiated -were forced to read the inscription un darneath in order to find that the bird •V-as meant for a "'Whistllng Tlrostle" t?en strode through the village and as c.-nded the hill by a private road whicli l.d to the imposing edifice he had before Tticed. He was met on the threshold by a comely youth about his own age, tat of much stronger build, who warm Is welcomed him. at the same time up traiding his friend for not sending word 01 his coming. 'I would have driven over in the dog Cart and saved you a tedious \waik. ioOrge." "I have not the least doubt you w-ould, ITilip; but I preferred to wnalk and Ileathe this delightful air. I feel better for it already, and have a mind to for a-?ske dismal chambers, ambition, and alt tl:at sort of thing, for bright sunsiiine :\td a prosaic country life." "Do, my dear fellow, and turn gipsy;: 'lt join you in half the expense of a van CUrrounded by brooms, chairs, tin ketl tIaes, and other novelties. We will li\ve tine free life of Bohemians, and feast on Ololen geese, hare pie, and other delii-a "Don't be facetious, Philip. It is very 50y for you to laugh, but the joik, would be on my side if you were cooped I5 dingy chambers reading dry law fromnt -orning to dusk. Is this your sanc "Yes. It was my uncle's favorite roam, and since his death I have made it mine. I am glad you have conme, as "ant Your assistance to unravel a mystery. But perhaps you are tired ald prefer to rest?" "No, Philip : I delight in myste'y. itnat is it? A ghost in the Blue Rtoom, 'r secret passage leading to a dungeon null of horrors!" "Neither, George. .I is a document Rhich, so far, has puzzled the wisest hsads to solve. It was enclosed in an etvelope addressed to me by my late "Ia! a will, by which you are left in Dossession of the estate provided you do e'rtain impossible things." "That is nearer the mark, onl" it is tot a will, though It relates to one. But Yau had better see the document. Here Sconundrum, indeed, Philip, and dif ult toexplain: but it is the key to the hiding Place of the -will--that is evident. I ill read it again." ty dear Philip,-The enclosed paper I -"'leath to you with my blessing. It 1Y Seem the foolish whim of an old an., but it is written with the best in to tion for your good. Take heed to its 'ltnand, and time will prove its value. • Paper was as follows: w as once animate; now I am inanl '0te. Memories and awe come to him Vit looks upon this shape which once Id a soul. I am found upon the earth ar- under the earth: in rivers and seas:: Ott mountains and plains: in sandy de 241 erts. "here vultures hover and pools run dry. I am part of the living and thir dead. Seek diligently for this thing. which contains my will. " A curiosity in canllUlruinl - el, Georlge You are pauzzledu.-" "Yes, Philip." rVepleld his friend. re moving his eyes frmn the paper.. It set me thinking. Ifa: What Ihybrid is that at the window':" A slhagg-hlleaded blit, had climtsbed on the window sill. and.d with astonishment on his face. hung half in and half out, evidently disconcerted at the room being occupied. "Dan ! What are you doing here ?" said Philip, with an appearance of anger. "Go away instantly." The boy disappeared, and Philip. turning to his friend, said. "Poor boy: he is half- demented. My late uncle took great interest in him, and'allowed him to:come and go as he pleised. Since his death the queer creature -has been incon solable, and haunts this room day and night.:? Nether my mild threats ..nor fear of my cousin's whip prevent him." "Has he a home ?" "Yes: he lives in the village with my old nurse. Betsy Stump; but even she cannot control him. - But the paper, George I: am anxious to have - your opinion of it.'," "No doubt, Philip' but first answer my questions. Have you any idea of its meaning ?" "Not'the slightest" "And your cousin," Johni Rawdon-car he explain it ?"', - . "No! He pooh-poohs thle document. and says there is nothing In it.He wanted to'desitroy it, so I have kept it'under lock' and key. You must know that there was no love lost between my uncle ad .his nephew, thus you can easily perceive .my cousin does not wish the will to be found. As matters are now,;he succeeds to the whole'of the property." - "You surely have a copy of the paper?" - "No, George.'" "Then I will make one at once; under such circumstances the paper might be destroyed." "That. would not matter, for. every word, line. and'sentence is indellbly en graven on. my brain." "Well, for my own satisfaction, I will copy it. :Leave me alone for a while, Philip: perhaps as I am not personally interested, I may find a clue to the meaning of the conundrum:" \- Left to himself. George ' Marsden spread the paper on the table and read It several times. Difficult problems had an attraction for him, and this was the irst of tlie'kind he had tried to decipher. iHe had a peculiar aptitude for unravel ling intricate points of law;and he knew no reason why this conundrum should ,not be easily solved. But It proved a harder task than he anticipated, and at the end of an hour he was as far from a solution of its meaning as when he hfad begun "Well, George," said Philip, "have you succeeded?:" "N I confess myself beaten, though I have used all the brin'a p6wer I pos sess. 'The thing Is too general; It exists everywhere, hence the difficulty. One thing Is certain .to my mind: your uncle \- B the bye, If he was your tiri? e, how is It Mr Itawdon clinims :the heii ship?"'. "He was not." replied Philip. ""We called hin so, but really-the relationship was not very close." "And they were not friendly. Then a will does exist; your uncle had an ob ject in ir?iting this curious paper.. He was-too sensible to do so. without a' deflnite and ulterior purpose. What that purpose was is pure'speculationh but my theory is this: You are Iniexperienced In the ways of-the world, and consequently at the mercy of unscrupulous persons, or let:me say person. The property re quires great tact to manage, which you must admit; also' that you are ndotsuf ficiently conversant with the many little details so necessary 'in a.'- efate of this magnitude.- -Whht-is more. likely than that your'astute: -uncle, reasoned aftei this fashion? ' He knew the good points in your cousin's character as well as the bad ones; that' under his- super vision the estate had prospered beyond measure, and that It would continue to improve if left. to .him, until increased knowledge'of the world 'fitted you to have complete control. He was doubt less afraid,that your cousin imight- ob tain power over you by fair or foul means to his advantage. Suppose he reasoned thus, and hlid the will where it could not be found without the key to its hiding place. I firmly believe. that was. his intention, and that the conundrum cannot be solved except by travel in foreign lands; You are expressly bid den to 'seek diligently," and, from the context, through all the world. Per, haps some incident of. the past or future -will make clear what is at present dark. Did your uncle ever speak of his early' life? I heard he disappeared from. Kil dermay for ten years." - - "No, George: he was very reserved, and a man of few words. Once only did he break through the habit of coldness. It was shortly before his death, and we were sitting side by side enjoying the coolness of ' summer evening-hd silent and I perforce likewise-when he said. 'Philip, what a beautiful sunset! How brilliant the tints of the clouds!' Then, changing from animation to dyponden ey, he continued: 'Crimson and purple, clime and shroud. Whose crime? Whose :shroud?' Then he sighed and relapsed into silence. 'Of what were you think ing, uncle?' I asked. He looked :it me in a vacant nmanlner, and muttered some tnintelligible words, the while twisting hiis thin fingers one within the other. I had never seen him so moved. Then he sipoke clearly and forcibly, still staring at nce. His eyes seelned starting from tileir sockets, and tlle eyeballs atppea:red to be covered with a dlaphonous film, on which the mind iwsas portraying with vv!\idness a scene of the past. 'Too late \- -too late!' he groaned. '.Merciful IlHeavenl! shall I never escape from this torture? Oh, for one drop of walter to moisten nlmy parched throat!' Then he stretched out both hands, half raised hilnmself fi-otl his seat, and fell laughing intt my l'arms. He recovered almost im. mediately, and the fit, or whatever it W-rs, passed off. seemingly without any ill effect. 'Let us go indoors, Philip,' ihe said; I feel chilly." As we approach ed the Ihuse he stopped, and said. kind ly, 'Yes, the setting sun. Go towards it, my boy; travel and gain wisdom. It colntes flrom seeking, even in the desert.' .At the door of tiss roon hei bade me good night, squeezed mlly hand firmly, and added, 'I think 1 ha:ve acted for the b.est. They weare the last words he spoke to me, for the next day he became seriously ill, and in three days lie died." "And left you and your sister penni less. I suppose it is for the best, but it requires a good faillth-blind faith-to believe it." "Yes. George.. dependent on the boun ty of John Rawdon. Never that, :l though it will be painful for us to leave this old IHall, our horne for so many years. She does not know that she is no longer nmistre.Ws lIere; but it must be revealed, and the quicker the better. I will tell you a secret, George. My cou sin loves K-ate passionately-genuine, I think, for once in his life. Women are women. and I am afraid, when hq knows that thir. Js no longer her home, she will accept hintm. To givo up luxury for genteel poverty, and the easy posi tion of mistress for tile drudgery of daily toil - the position of a squire's vwife and fifteen thousand a year to be come a portionless noboby - are consid erations enough to niake a young girl eager to accept one who would enable her to retain her t:te. Simple and ignor ant as I am in such matters, I know nwhat would resut from a union betweenl my sister and nly cousin. Knowing how unscrupulous he is., and the ill-re pute rumor gives him, I would sooner she slould beg from door to door than marry him. George, as a true frend, ad vise me Ilon to act" Had Plillii, been les intent on his own troubles, he would have been astonished at the effect his words produced on his friend. How often we forget in the re cital of our own wrongs the feelings of .others! It is human nature to see one side only-to utter Idlling siords without a thnttght of what may be caused by them. The sting of the bee lasts but :i little while but the dart which enter the heart twists and rankles uneasin ingly. George ?Marsdvn was ardently in love with Kate Goodwin-not that kind of infatuation mistcalled love. but trlue sincere. ingenlous devotion, controllcd by fears that it m:lay ie unrequitted,. and i Prefers to ba:sk in the presence of the Object of its adoration day by day: to feoed on every look and treasure up every stoic; to remember every word, yt is afraid to breathe the avowal that will decide its fate- pure. unselfisk love. re strained by its own overwhlming pow er. Every word spoken had da:denett each impulse of his throbbing heart. and would fester deeper and deeper as tinll passed. But no sign of the anguish within his breast betrayed itself in the quiet self command with which he spoke: a slight pallor, passing away momentarily, ulone showed the depth of feeling. "You ask for my advice," he said. "I much decline to touch on so delicate a subject. You sister is mistress of her own heart, and it would be presumptuous forme to interfere. I thank you for your. confidence. Pleased be satisfied with my answer." "Certainly. Ne'erth'eless i shall warn her' against' him. . . . Shall we.try the copse for a pheasant? Thid matter makes me a veritable savage. I feel I must kill something .to dilert my thoughts." - The two 'sportsinen shouldered their guns, and trudged'silent and thoughtful over the fields, sodden' by the October rains. CHAPTER- II. Wycliffe Hall stands on; an elevateit plateau in one of the.southern counties. It is an object of attraction,not'only from its age and picturesque sltuitloh btit-for the memories assoclated with its found ers. The central portlon consists of a solid stone tower, built In the eleventh century, and is all that remains of the once hunge castle which defied the power of kings. " The greater part istof seventeenth cen tury origin, and if riot so imposing, is at least better adapted for peaceful.times. Its Interior-is spacious and handsome. The entiance hall, smi-circular int shape is richly ornamented with cerved oak, and the panels from floor to ceiling are covered with tapestries depicting hunting scenes. A staircase of stone,with marble' bdlustrades, divides as It descends,'- and ends in t~wo gallerIes, out of which the various apartiments open. Ths galleries contain niohes, in which pose klailglits:in armor and statues of former, owners.The exterior is pleasing, and its marble co lumns, with'superfcial flutings, capped by cornices moulded in the mixed Gothic and Italian' styles, give to themniatislon-a stately appearance, which Is not detract. ed from by the more modern' embayed windows: These command a delightful view of the surrounding'country, and a wide expanse of nieadows, plantations, and streams, and, beyond, rising hills of green. "At one of the einbiayed windows stood i man, of middle age, admiring the pros pect with evident pleasure. Fortune had at'lasttceased to be fickle and John Raw, don- had good cause to bless the goddess wi?o had, at last, poured her treasures without stint into his lap. Everything he looked upon 'was his; he was Squire of Kildermay, and that was a sufficlent recompense for years of misfortune; and the chknge had come not a day too soon. The self-satisfied air and the smile on his face altered to a look of annoyance -as the two.sportsmeh passed across his view on their way to the wood. He watqhed till they disappeared. then turn ed abruptly and walked with rapid strides the-well carpeted room. His thoughts were. not of the pleasantest, and soon his anger burst forth in half audible sentences. "Confoundtheir impudence,'" he mut tered. "TIf .t were'not for Kate, I would send them off In double-quick time. I am ignoredin my own house; my pre serves are poached at'will,and my auth ority is despli"ed.Buit I must act warily be eircumspect and cautious until I marry thegirl. then they shall' know my mind in earnest. If I-were sure no will existed none of that brood should touch a stick on the estate. What made the old man act so stiangely ? ' There is something beneath the surfaice which I cannot fathlm.- He hates me as much as-one could hate another, yet, from a whim past my comprehension, allowed ime to take everythilng by' prior right. There must be'a will. The question is, 'Where is it?' " "At this moment his musings were in terrupted by a hand placed on his arm. and a woman's voice said, in an amused tone:.. ' "What are your-deep cogitations? I called you three times without avail." "Fie, Kate, you have been playing eivesdropper." \- "For shame, Cousin John! Eyvell if I was; your mutterilngs were unintelli gible; but I would scorn to do anything so mean." "Pardon me, Kate; the words escaped me involuntarily. I have so minny things to upset me. that I have become quite irritable. Please forgive my rudeness." Tile girl, mollified by the apology,for gave the insult, though the knitted brow and tone of voice still showed slight re sentlnent. "I came to ask you about this letter. I was reading in the conservatory, and ut do-wn my book while I ran upstairs to fetclh a wro.pper ; wvihell I returned, thiL. note was ion miy chair. It is a curi ous epistle. and its contents are so strange. I will read it : '-Me.dam,-- ewnare of o gentleman, ,iMr John Riogers,who is living in your house. Be warnned in time; he is a perjurer, and will injure you, as he did me.' It is unsigned. undated, and there is no address. Wh:it shall I do with it?" "Burn it. Anonymous lette-rs deserve nio better fate. Stay,on second thoughts, leave it to me, and I will tofind out who dares to bring such a missive into this house. There Is no on.: here of that nanme." Thetn, changing his tone of voice: "Kate, I hope you will Quite for give my remark. I feel disgraced, and merit your severest censure." "You do; but. there, don't look so sor townful. The horrid word is already for gottcn." "Yes. Kate; but that is not enough. Say you freely forgive.", "Of course; so nice a distinctiol does not occur to everyone. Wheil I forget I forgive also." The soft tone and tremlulous accent laid on the verbs befitted the speaker and her disposition. A highl-toned, lov able woman, somewhlat deficient in firm ness, easily led by kindness, quick to take offence and as ready to pasrdon-- prize worthl winning for her womanhood alone. The time seemed favorable, the moment opportune- should he press his suit ? Then thle letter in his gr:.np,for gotten for a brief space, obtruded itself and obliterated all other consideratlons -powemr. wealth; love, crushed ott by the incubus lying within the contents of the missive. His iron nerve ga:ve no In dication of the turmoil within hIis breast, neither was the calm on the surface ruffled by the slightest change in his de meanor; nor did his voice betray in the least degree the tenr of his ·thoughts. "You are too good, Kate. Would that the virtue of forgivreness was as pliable with us men!" "I sincerely echo thant wish, esplecially with respect to you and my brblther. W'hy cannot you two be more friendly?" "It is not my fault that we do not agre. All my attempts to alter our present unfriendtines.s meet with scant courtesy, and are powerless aga!nst his evident repugnance to me." "It grieves me to hear you say so. I have repeatedly spoken to Philip. but he remains obdurate. But I do not des pai)r; he is good at heart, and one day mn?y overcome his dislike. But I will not detain you any longer." The door had scarcely closed rthcn Jolhn Rawvdon, changed from humility to haughtiness, which, however, gave place to concern, as he suread the crumpled letter on the desk, and eagerly scannott Its contents. "The wrting is disguised, but the let. ter can only come from one person. How dare she come here! Her indiscretion will ruin all my plans. WTho brought the letter?" He rang the bell sharply. 'James, who left this note at the hlouse?" "1 don't know, sir. I'lt Inquire." "Do so, and let nme know inuutediately. Confound it. the contncts are sure to be divulged. and may occasion endless leather. Come in:" "The servants do not know anything about it. sir: butl Dan w\eas selle lurking about the premises, and was ordered off by tile gardener." "That will do. Fool, egregious fool. to become entangled with that womllan. In iher jealousy, she is capable of un known mischief. I must stop her tongue somehow. W'hat.is the time Half-past four; just sufficient to walk to the village and back before dinner." Taking his hat and stick. he passed through the conservatory Into the gar den, which was surrounded by a high wnll, with an exit at the further end. The door was kept locked, being used only by the family,. and it was the only Ingress to the. garden other than through the conservatory. S"How did that imbecile gain admit tance?..Ah. I see! He climbed the ivy covering the outer wall--an easy matter for him; the highest tree on the place Is nothing for that rascal to climb. By fear or cajolery, I must find out how he obtained the letter." The'village was hidden in a hollow a mile or more from the Hall, and the lane leading to It passed for three parts of the way through the estate, a portion skirting the wood, from the leafy covers of which the frequent report of guns, came at Irregular intervals. "They ore having fine sport-playing havoc with my game." he nuttered. A- little further on he saw a wountided pheasant fluttering on the ground, dis able'd in wing and leg. "A tempting morsel for a half stla-ed woman and idiotic boy." The best way to reach the heart of this kind of people Is through the stomach. I will be char itable for once in a w\ay"-lcking up the bird as he spoke and wringing its neck. The cottage in which'Dan lived stood at the entrance of the village, and be longed, as did most of the houses, to the squire.- The other occupant was an old woman, Betsy Stump, by name, who was formerly nurse to the ladies at the Hall, and in consideration of fifty years' service she had been allowed to live rent free, tlogether with a yearly income suffl cient for her needs. It:w.as in the power of the new squire to discontinue both gifts In the absence of provislon being made for their con tinuance. Such a condition was sure to be made In the Will- if not for Betsy, it certainly would be for Dan, who was a protege of the family.. It had even been .whispered that the boy should by right of birth lvoe at the hall-that, in dleed, he was the rightful hebia Whether these .rumors were true o! false was known only to Betsy and the late squire. The latter was dead; the former knew hobe to keep silence. (To be continued.) 