GYCLMG ROUKD THE j WORLD. tAe shway dagohn pagoda, striking through burma. [By Jobs Fosics Fbaszb, S. Edwabd Ltrsx. and Fkass H. Lows.} Pvnntaza (Burma). Bsngooa seemed largely to consist of pawn I chops and pagodas. la the Chinese quarter i the town bristled with pawn-shops. Whole streets wets flooded with them. It looted as though the entire pig-tailed population was employed in tending money on each other's clothing-. Them would be six ? nooses in a tow with ktha following legenda :— '-Fong-Foo Pawnshop;' 'Yong- Tong, Pawnshop;' 'Ah-Sin, Pawnshop;' 'Cbang-Chi, Pawnshop;' 'Yine-Pinp, Pawnshop;' 'Foe-£a, Pawnshop.' — sucii a barbaric lack of originality about it all. If only tome li»««lw» Chinee coold have intro duced variety by annonncins that he ' advanced snma to any amount to gentlemen on easy terms' one migoc have recognised a sign of approaching civilisation. iSot the Chinese ever were, a- conservative race, and so they call a pawnshop a pawnshop, Itat white the pawnshops were mean and sordid, the pagodas weta glowing towers of bo. Jen magnificence. At a little distance they look Kie enormous dinner-bells. The greatest is the Shway DaRobn, which, higher than SB. PanTa and resting on the summit of at bill, is a mass of rtamiing splendor, guard jag the land from ghouls and ghinna, and atber fearsome monsters. When we beheld the fantastic -wonders of the shrine we were in the same condition of mind as Alice when she stepped through the ]ooking-glas3 into Wonderland. We foolishly asked the way to tba pagoda. Every interrogated Barman shook his head. Xo one had heard of it. And thea we fcamt that it was inst as useless to talk about pagodas in the bind of pagodas as it would be- to ask a servant gill at home to whistle foe at gharri, when we we really required ft hansom. When we talked about the zajdee we got at once on the right track. At the Shway Dagohn ia tha most holy of all Buddhist temples in Indo-Chinese hinds, then. was a constant show of picturesque, pilgrims. Distinguished by their long yellow robes, shaven heads, shaven faces, and general austerity of mien, were the priests, who walked dourly along carrying jars, before them into which the- faithful pot rice and other food. For the Buddhist who devotes his life to sanctity and contemplation can never become a portly divine and own a carriage and pair. We were just netting: used to tne rapid changes int fanciful color amonfr the pilgrims — everyona tricked oat in soft pinks and soothing- greens, and creamy yellows and deep maroons and snowy whites— when we came upon two teeth- gnashing demoniacal brutes guarding a steep staircase. They saowladshorribhr. We drew back before the twenty-foot h%b snarling- creations of tha lower regions. When we saw they were, only of piaster. - and as harmless as. stucco dogs on a farmhouse mantel-shelf, cur courage returned. Then we beheld over the central archway shuddering frescoes of miraatan beings contorted into shapes hard for as ordinary mind to conceive. We bolted through the arch and began to climb the aKppery steps. Thera were rows of blind ami halt moaning- for alms. There were stalls when cooU bo bought the sacred books; there were fruit atalb, cheroot stalls, stalls devoted to. the sab of waxen candles and flowers* and stalls where you coald purchase napet-maaks, guaranteed to frighten any welt nortnxed child into the next world. Without warning-, we found ourselves on the terrace of the Shway -Dagahn. Right in front rose the golden shaft. Around tho base clustered dozens . of shrinea, grotesquely shaped^ with punus Sower- festooned, and dark recesses where glimmered faint ruby EghtsV and the- solemn sedate Buddha, sat with unmoved countenance. Bnrmana taaclfed tha earth with their forehead, and then 'squatting, sitting on their heels, gazed mto the face of the image. The Burmese women knelt; and crossing their hands, lapsed into mental pasaivenesa. Here and there- a wise man, shrivelled, with .drawn cheeks, eyes piercingly bright, learned in ?strofogie lore, would be drawing strange designs and foretelling a- new-born child's fate, whi&fom;* or fire women sat around listening eagerly. Close at hand were musicians, dron ing wretchedlyto tho groans ot weird, harsh instruments. Ascetic priasts flitted noiselessly among tha contemplatora— for the Buddhists do- not worship or pray, but sit before the image *of Kiddba; and cnntemp&te; and secure peace of mind— and as a setting to the unworldly picture were thousands of shrines, many dazzting]y gorgeous. Sashing with rare stones; many -were jus* nke- alcoves with at modest moss grown image cnunblrag at the back; hot all BtarUingry different to anything we westerns could imagine in wildest fancy. Rampant dragons with fiery tongues reared as though ready to hiss name; strange disproportioned abortions of humanity grinned with villainous glee; repellanfe foul animalfy that were no animate at all, scowled fury and hate, and standing prominent were figures with two bodies and the head half lion, half man. la the far past a king's son was abandoned in a forest* and be would hare died had not a lioness suckled him. When he grew up he ran away, and the brute was so disconsolate that it died of a, broken heart. And it is in remembrance of the love of this lioness that the images of lions always surround pagodas. Li every nook, in every cranny, b a figure of Gautama. An atmosphere oC the mar vellous bangs . over tbe Shway Dagohn, accen tuated now and then by the heavy toll of great bella. One bell, the largest in tho world, apart front that at Moscow, is struck witb s- wooden mallet by every passer, so that the deep solemn peal Bardfy ever ceases. HngscarViDgsof exquisite and dainty chisel ling grace every doorway. Over the Iiohen covered- walla one sees the swirling muddy JJFrawaddy running away into misty distance, but close'at band! are toe curved pretty lake* around which the English reddenU go driving and cycling morning and evening. It is a lovely spot, but to alt Buddhists most sacred. JSnrjed for beneath that lofty shrina are actual relics of Gautama— eight hairs! For 2,500 years tho pagoda has stood on this Thehngoottara Bui. at Srat small, bat each tans recaaing it and enlarging it, and many of them-'covering it with sold. In the last centnvy'Xking' JSrobyco Shin, woo turned the scales at 13 st 3 lb.. had it redecorated with his own! weight of gold, so that it cost him just £3.000. 'Iiany man of 12 st 3 lb. weiffbtdonbts the accuracy of the amount all he has to do is to stand on a scale and let 9,000 sovereigns be Balanced against htm. We 'did not escape kindnesses from the peopteof Rangoon. Me. K. S. Symea. the Chief Secretary to tha Government of Burma, busied himself in securing us facilities to reach the Chinese frontier, and one night the Rangoon Club entertained us at a pleasant dinner, when many things are said aboatjour daring and warm wishes expressed for our success. Half a- dozen Rangoon wheelmen turned out at 6 o'clock on the morning of our departure, and accompanied ns over aft miles on the way, staying with us aO night Two of them continued on a sedond day's journey, and would probably have gone further, but the weather was horrible, the way was bad, and periodical wetting to the skin hardly congenial. It was delightfully pleasant thoosb tha sky was overcast when we started on our trip through Burma. We were & merry party of nine, and brighter echoed in the thick woods that breasted the roadway many miles. Crowds- of Burmese peasants were en countered trudging towards Rangoon. '{Sometimes a whole family crowded into a ?low-moving and creaky bullock cart. The country folks, instead oC being startled out of their wits by the onrush of whizzing cyclists, were moved to convulsive laughter. Once we baited at a village and got the men with barret-top wooden hats, and the women with -'fruit baskets, and the children with their 'mud pies to pose for a photographic .: group. They were a- little shy at first, but when the object had been explained they screwed themselves into stiff attitudes, and remained in that position for ten minutes whila the apparatus nas prepared: but there was distinct disappointment that a score of photographs were not ready right away. ScVoa we rushed again, and when ever anyone displayed symptoms of thirst there were always luscious pines to be got a dozen yards off in the jungle, or huge bunches of bananas. We expressed delight at not being likely to have torched mouths in such * land. Thereupon ~ the toddy tree was pointed out to us. We conceived visions of an obliging plant that oozed hot whisky and water. As a matter o£ fact it was just an ordinary tret but on being tipped it gave forth a whisky-flavored and intoxicating liquid. The natives are fond of imbibicy'; so. much so that they frequently tumble ?Town and break their crown. One district magistrate toM us of six deaths in as. many weeks m his, own neighborhood from this Wrjf causa. AS one of the party spoke Burmeso we got along capitally with the natives. They would jnsat, however, on addressing us as their lords, whron might have been embarrassing in Piccadilly, but was amusing in a Burmese j™wj* namwit. As cigars are not expensive 'jJW lMrf7\yo*_£et ?*h* for a, penny — wef scattered seeds of kindness in tho aha*, ef cheap cheroots. The greatest cotnWimMlt you can pay a Barman is to nanV uimtyour half-smoked cigar, which he will suck at in a much deh'ehted state of mind.. The inconvenience arises when he jjdmna the compliment, Fewof thaBurmans b*4 wxteneK yet they told tha timo very aocuntelr- Their cocks crow at sunrise, noon, anast^ and Budnn^it^ which, was very kind of them. On enquiring the reason why these eastern chanticleers were different from European cockerels we learnt that whenever the priests got hold of unlawful literature and burnt it tha local cuckereis alway3 gobMcd the ashes. Thus they acquired certain cabalUtii* powers, and crow icg four times a day was one of them. And three of the cyclists that day wen . contempta ting thu dire necessity of the slaughter of the crowing timepieces in order to prurido food when »e palled up at the wayside buasi low and found, by no means regrettingSy, that one of our friends had sent on his servant over night with hampers of good things. And in the evening when wo finished our day's spin there was still another servant with more hamper?. In tbe early afternoon we slipped from tho darkened jungle into the opeat open sweep of rice or paddy fields before vs. For miles and miles wera stretches of slash. Buffaloes wallowed in it, dragging rude contrivances to plough the mud. There were no hedges or trees, only slightly raised banks that did nothing bec prevent one man's slush from, mixing with his neighbor's. A higher raised bank did duty as road, and along this we whirled in single file. Rice, we were informed, grows with hardly* any labor. This admirably suits tho indolent Bunnan. At harvest- time ooiy tho ears are sictled off, the straw being burnt to fertilise the land, which, however, is so rich that it needs no fertilising. A Burmese farmer pap about 3s. an acre and as the average yield is SO bushels an acre, and the selling price of rice in Rangoon is -Is. Gd. a rnaund (SO lb. ), he ought soon acquire riches. But he is a squandering, improvident, happy go- lucky fellow, and the British rice merchants are sharp men of business, learned in all mer cantile cuteDesa. Therefore at the end of tho harvest John Burman is by no means so well oS as ho should be. Still, he always has a harvest festival, when he gives baskets of rice to the priests and invites the yountr people of his village to partake his hospitality. And, just as at the harvest-homo in Kng land, it is a time of real happiness and love-making and coquetry. The senti mental swain sings about the sapphire lakes where the lovely lotus ever blooms, of the beautiful butterflies and the melodions birds, the odour of tho jasmine, and the brilliant pea* cocks and noble white elephants. Then the was of thu village, will sing a ridicnlous travesty oF tho whole thing- The girls, after due persuasion, also siu£, this time love ballads in a soft, lisping tone, accompanied by swing ins oE tbe body and the jutting out of the elbows. And as the night advances there are creepy ghost stories, and the young fellows fall to talking; of their prowess in hunting, and tha yoira-j girls talk' about frocks — indeed civins proof that human nature in far-ofl Burma » just the same as in England, the only difference being in detail. So, dashing along the narrow bank that lay liko a, wand across the noddv fields, wo besraa conf^utolatioos on thy absence of rain. On that point we should have been silent. At the first word of congratulation up swung battalions of black clouds, and when directly over us they opened fire. In solid sheets the rain struck n?. Those who onned mackin toshes pot them on. Those who did not wera speedily splattered with reddish mire. We were still 12 miles from Pesru. our destination, ami tha wet had set in solidly for tha night. It was a case ot every man for bimscli and the devil tako the hindmost. We slithered and spluttered and splashed our way, 'and reached tbe dak bungalow at Pegu in odd ones and stray twos, in a desperately filthy and sodden condition, but all swearing the ride had been splendid. Tbe actual dis tance covered that day was 54 miles. But one of our companions said this was a mis take. Ho was positive we had come 119 miles, and produced his cyclometer as corrobo rativo testimony. It was mildly hinted the cyclometer was wrong. The suggestion was a revelation. 'Ah -' he said, **tbafc explains why it is that for months past I've secretly prided myself on being tbe scorcher of Burma, whereas'— with a sigh—' I'm just an ordinary rider after alL' All night it rained, and in tha morning it was raining ; the sky was full of rain, and tha earth was covered with rain, together with a sohuion of mud. It was the 22nd June, the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Cay, and we thought jt distinctly unfair that Queen's weather should all be used up at home whilst we, wanderingf Britishers, had to put up with showers. And as we sauntered about and kicked our beeb and whistled and waited for the weather to clear up, the idea struck us that maybe in England they wera also having desperate drenchings. The mere thought seemed to ease our trouble. Most of our friends gave the journey up as a bad job and Went back to Rangoon. Within an hour of their departure there was a cessation of overhead hostilities. We got hold of a gaudily clad Burman to lead us across swamps to see tbe famous reclining Sgure of Gau tama. On his advice wo took ,a coolie with us to carry us across the worst' parts, or we would have stuck thigh-deep in the mud. It was a nasty uncomfortable journey, but the image was worth seeing: It is made of brick, half as largo again as tbe Sphninx, the {ace; arms, and feet well modelled. It is a singular monument, about which, were it within reach, tourists would go mad and ham their photo graphs taken in picnic groups in the open palm. As it is, it lies across a ditch almost hidden by enormous trees, visited rarely even by the Buddhists themselves. One would think it an admirable place for contemplation. We called on a couple of yellow-robed priests ' living in alittie temple close by, and disturbed | their wonted serenity by giving them Egyptian cigarettes and receiving presents of fruit from them in return. When we got back to Pegu we decided on a start. Oar way was through greasy lanes that laughed defiance at our non-slipping l-nnlop tires. We charged through pools of water and were soon again splattered from head to foot. Dozens of fanciful temples, with quajnt-eaved spires showing over tbe plantations, indicated our approach to villages, which wero every three or lour miles. Often we dashed to the nearest but for refugo from threatening downpours. Everybody was kind, especi ally the Chinamen, who are almost as thick as the Burmese. Thera was no attempt at imposition such as we had experienced in other countries. If we gavo too much for something change was handed to us. We met one Chinaman who spoke English. 'Come, with us, John,' we said, 'we an going to your country, to Shanghai.'* 'Jfo fear; sir,* ha replied, 'too muehey damey rain.' Therefore we had to go on alone. It was a day of plodding but slow progressing, frequently along thin strips ot trodden track, so that the rank jungle grass scraped our faces as wo rode. That night we slept in a hut made entirely of bamboos. Tbe wind howled and the rain slashed as we ate with our fingers a bowl ot rico cooked by a native. We had come back again to unciyilisation after several weeks of feting and lionising. It watt adismal Queen's Jubilee day, and till wo lay down on the Door and sought steep we passed the time picturing what Jb'teet-streetand the Strand and Regent-street were like just then, and won dered if any of our friends were also wondering what sort of a day wo had spent. 