ALL SAINTS’ CHURCH. The thanksgiving services in connection with this church were continued last night when the Rev. W. Carey Ward preached. His sub ject was “ The witness of the church to saneti- iicntion by tho Holy Spirit,” tho tost being taken from St. Luko lltb chapter, 13th verse, ( ‘J.f yo then, being evil, know how to givo good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your hea venly Father give tho Holy Spirit to them that ask Him ?” Tho rov. gentleman remarked that the Holy Ghost is God tho Sanctifier. It is not always' understood that tho Holy Ghost is a person; but whorovor the tonnismon-' tioned the personal pronoun is used to signify that by tho ‘ Holy Ghost is meant God. Per sonal notions arc. also ascribed to the Holy Ghost throughout-tho Now Testament. There fore , tho church believes that tho Holy Ghost ’is a Further, than this the names of tho Father, Son and Holy Ghost are used conjointly, and os the first two are persons beyond doubt it is not reasonable to' think tho third as other than a person; tho Holy Ghost is tho third person of the Holy Trinity. The grandest sermons without'-the unction of. the Holy Ghost will have only a superficial, even a hardening, effect, while a few blessed words from tho lips of a child will turn a sinner from tho error of his ways. God not only shows us our need but also *our Saviour, and "’hen wo have accepted Him wo under stand that there is a connection between us and God ; that the Clipist who lived and died 1800 Ers ago was not a merely historical person, the living aud present Christ. If wo have this conviction implanted in our hearts wo ■lcoow in whom we believe. Christ is then a reality and not a spirit. The Holy Spirit not only but it cleanses. It is a .human impossibility to bo clean of ourselves, And.it is a groat mistake to ho afraid of becom ing converted. The Holy Ghost also consoles —Ho is a comforter. A good life js lived by deriving comfort from God, .but if wp have Christ the troubles and ypomes of tho world have jio power oyer us. The- preacher con cluded witli an earnest appeal to'those present who. had not done so to accept tho'Holy Ghost as a person who oould convict, cleanse and com fort. . A The musical portion of the service was" again in tlio hands of Mr.-. Alex. J. Pearce; and was most creditably rendered. . Tlio- -attendance was; however, hardly ns large as oh iho pro vious evening. The sorrices 1 will be continued .to-night. ‘ : *' 