THE THEE ROMANCE. BY F.M. "Lo I must teil a tale of chivalry, For large white plumes do dance before mine eyes." ' It seemed to the world that Keats was very much alone when he sane tnus .to himself.. No man then foresaw a time when a generation of writers would be claiming the same constraint. ana ioxiowing in a similar strain ;. still less a generation of critics lavish in ap plause, and of readers eager and hun gry for more and more. Yet such a time has practically come to us now, the battle between realism arid ro mance. may not be absolutely at an end, but the world's verdict as to Its „SU?JS ?loar' The large white plumes of chivalry have all the sunlight, and the breeze of popular applause; and the Insignia of brutal, indecent, unholy analyses and frequent foul suggestive- ness, though not exactly buried and put away, are .advanced with a wel come timidity and followed with a pro per shame. The pride and the desire of I the times are In historical romance, I each budding aspirant for literary fame feels himself drawn and spurred In that direction. You needs must tell a tale ox chivalry, his mentors and augurs say;, quit the present, there is naught in it, and take us back to the days when life was largo and strong, and fierce and bright when passions had full play, and plot and counterplot made bold patterns In the web of circum stance. It is a high and noble call, and has been responded to by the great men of all times. And how many have they been? One or two in a century. Loss amongst the novelists who have become classics, than could be counted on the fingers; A half-dozen with Scott have, been able - to cast themselves back to bid the veil of the east divide, and the- men who live(T-:"therefn step forth ; to marshal! thorn according to their rank, to surround them ' with the circumstances in which they lived, and so actually recover'and restore for us a page of the book which time had turned, and, -as it seemed, for ever. They understood the romance of his tory, these few, because first they bad mastered all the facts of history. Scott and-Lytton and Kingsley. with Hugo and Dumas. Are there any others who may fairly bo placed In the same cate gory, or, should we not rather take out Kingsley and bracket him with New man in this respect, as one who had glimpses, and phases of intent, but did not fully succeed, because the effect, was not made with an absolutely single mind? Four in a century, but how many In the decade which marks that century's close? Does ever a mail parcel come to hand without one book or moi-e wherein some author has sought by art gramarye to recreate the pa3t, and rather succeeded in simply howking the dead? Yet the majority seem to win the pat on the back; they are told, one after another, that they are getting back to tho true romance .and when nppnQiminllv r\n n l-Ati fliurt <!»« rest essays and accomplishes even a patchy revival, is there not a mighty chorus of applause, and a dragging down of the old gods for such com parison as must move their sentient ghosts to strange contempt or wrath? Robert Louis Stevenson arid Dr. Conan Doyle have written good books of historic romance. "Kidnapped," though not. of equal merit with "Trea sure Island," is still a readable book, by reason of the inimitable charm of style, the clear and continuous thread of narrative, and the clear-cut pic tures of the men and manners of a byegone time. And "The White Company" Is a bright and charming story, where certain Imaginary charac ters move through the picture ol! a real time with a good deal of lire and hu mour. But who, speaking with any adequate knowledge and proper sense of responsibility, would compare the one of these with "Waverley," or the other with "Quentin. Dux-ward," or "Ivanhoe?" How do they really ap pear if such a comparison is seriously instituted? Let us marshal! the ranks of "Waverley," or "Quentin Durward" or "Ivanhoe;" let us contemplate the restored dead and the absolute new creatures enshrined In each one of these books, to live while our language lives; and then, shall we wait while the champions of the more modern men set their rank in array? They would never make tho attempt if seriously minded, or earnestly challenged; they would admit most readily that such compari son was not contemplated. The names were bracketed for encouragement sake; it was felt that these new men were on the right track. They were leading us out of the sloughs of Zola- ism, and the puddles of realism, in which the whole generation of the Zola people have sought mystic glasses. And so much was right. The departure was welcome, and the encouragement expedient. But did not tho extrava gance. of the laudation betoken a cer tain narrowness of view? The flight into the past must be a sole purpose, not a last resort or an only chance. The power to discern the true romance which Is universal and everlasting must first exist, and then he who would seek its elements in the past, must have indus try and capacity to explore that past, to make it his own, to so revivify its life that all its circumstances become to liim an environment of which he is continually conscious. And this is not an idler's task, not to. be achieved by those who dash off books; always, it may be said, requiring infinitely more labour than any telling of the tale, or painting of the romance of things known, endured or actually witnessed. This, the great gulf which divides even Stevenson from Scott makes abundant ly clear; and Is it not painfully felt in many ol' these other romances of bye- gone days which crowd the markets of to-day? Was it, Indeed, the dancing of the large, white plums which led the adventurers forth, or the final resolve — I will seek something there, for I can discover nothing here? It is much to be feared that this latter is very generally true, and if so, the victory of romance- over realism is not in every way satis factory. It is not a scare back from the whole field of the present that Is de sired, not an abandonment of the claim which it has fallen to us as a genera tion to work, but an escape from the lie which was becoming current that all its bones were full of rottenness, all its noble instincts perverted and de based, all its Jacob's ladders, behind and before, broken down and destroyed, and all its hope of immortality in any sort extinguished. Let us g?asp with a plain and satisfying brutality all the reality that Is, said the realists, and they did grasp all that they perceived. Let us get away from all this foul and soul-sickening stuff, said the new ro- manelsts; and their critical friends said, "Yes, hasten away," and, for the moment, possibly it was good advice. They did get away, many of the best of them, into the realms of old time chivalry, to the intrigue, the battle clash, and tho fierce, strong life where it Is idly supposed the elements of ror- jnance may lie .. plucked us wayside llowers. And others went to phantasy, to fairy land, to a past and a future, an unseen and an unknown .of their own imagining, generally to find themselves brought up with a rude shock by the fact that nothing is permitted to.any of the children of men In that way. Ori ginal creation is not ordained to us even in imaginative work. Our best and brightest is but effort of memory or transcript of deep perception. And was it ever necessary' to seek thus backward or venture thus outward to discover the true romance? Was It ever for a moment true that the ele ments of the present held no seed of that sort? To admit so much would be to publish the grossest slander on hu manity that ever utter devillshness con ceived. Jn moments of despair we may say with Kipling: " Thy voice is far from this our war, Our call and counter-cry, I shall not find Thee quick and kind, Nor know Thee till I die." Very far Indeed may the voice seem at times, but to doubt of its still sound ing on is to curse God and die. For the true romance is in very truth the soul of life. All that exists apart from the clods of commonplace, all that ever has or ever can kindle inspiration of the nobler sort, all that .fledges thought and fires resolve, and quickens hope, arid renders high ambition achie vable: - " Since spoken word man's spirit stlr- red Beyond bis 'belly's need, " What is, is thine, of .fair design, In thought and craft and deed. « . Pure wisdom hatli no certain patli . ; That lacks thy morning eyne, 1 And captains bold by. thee controlled Most like to Gods design; , Thou, art- the voice to kingly boys To lift them through the fight, And comforters .of unsuccess, To give the dead good night." ! These hard and bold words 'are ab solutely true, and never Was. there a time when their truth required sucli strong and practical enforcing. Dis carding or despising romance- wo de grade necessarily and swiftly, for we divorce ourselves from tho soul and spi rit of things, wherein is all of higher ! hope and purer joy, and come down to the cold clods and the dead bones, and frequently to the very manure-beds which He beneath the garden of .fife; or otherwise lilt away to some phantasms of a byegone time, or compilations of memories and experiences which are mistaken for pure imaginings. And thus we are false to the present, traitors to our own time, feeble imitators, while we might be bold Interpreters. A time of barren men is easily ' enough mistaken for a barren time. . A time, that- is to say, barren of those men who should voice, pourtray, interpret the romance which never fails. A time where it is se riously thought to promote satisfaction Willi the commonplace, or to so drag out, and magnify, and glorify the bru tal actualities, wliicb are to our true lives as our skeletons to our proper selves; or otherwise to cast contempt on all the present, and hark back to a vaguely understood past, or a feebly imagined future. ' Such a time Is not to be desired by the world's best friends,-, f or, 'they -dp not; attach, serious irriportanqe- to . fin do siecle' theories or tendencies. They, recognise in the pass ing show -their, sphere of practical . use fulness in a work which is always pro gressive and immortal. And If they find its cold coils about them now, if contempt lures them to phantasy or materialism, to the universal dissect ing-room, and not. to the gallery of the ideal, which is. the more noble,' 'acquies cence and surrender, or, the ! laborious upward flight which is ever towards the sun and the stars? Many a time and oft we may have to say with Ken dall—. "I cannot, with my feeble feet, Climb after my desire.'.' But if the desire is- cherished,' nature will not fail, to provide us with occa sional foothold,' and we may rest as sured that the path will be always up ward. To be -true, to the true romance is to be true to our better selves, our r.obler obligations. We may find it in our dally lives, in tho circumstances which immendiately surround us, or we may seek it in the stories of the byegone years, but to doubt of its existence, or even to suppose its momentary lapse, is the sin which is not to be forgiven. 