THE STORYTELLER. A FRIENDLY FRAUD. BR J.B. "I say, old man, your company's very gnod, you know, but I think it would be jolly at the Botildebs^Uus evening." " Very well.'I'll tell Jim to get the horses directly, but let's have a pipe first." The two men left the tea-table in the little front room, and flung themselves into easy chairs on the vine-clad verandah, whence they looked out on the drought -nricken landscape. The hills behind the house that hemmed <he valley on the west seemed loftily ob iivious of the course of seasons. Summer ,uid winter, drought or flood, their forest .Dvered slopes kept the same hue of greeny ^.ey, only taking on a borrowed brightness i mm the setting sun that lit them up with Mended pinks and purples, and mapped out -he eastern sky into a universe of roseate . ..ntinents set in a pale-green sea. . Beautiful, isn't it?" eaid Walter Man ning, breaking the silence. "We never see Miiiseta like that in town." "JWstly, isn't it?" rolled the other. ? Vou never see crops like .that in town." 'No, nor any other. What's wrong with \ ours?" asked Manning, glancing across the little paddock, where two or three dejected horses nosed over the pink- flowering weed that almost hid the parched red soil, in fruitless search for a tuft of grasB that the three months' drought might have spared. 0» the rise beyond, the wheat stooks, scarcely 2ft. high, were dots at melancholy distances in the stubble, and a few ringed trees towered over them, ghosts of the de parted forest, nature's giants seeming to tiiieer at the puny crop that bad usurped the place of their departed brothers. "What's wrong with it?" repeated Fred Briscoe, with a mirthless laugh. "That's a queer question to ask, even though you're not a farmer." He took his pipe out of his mouth, and walked up and down the creak ing verandah. ''It's hard for you to realise," lie continued, "What this drought means to me. There's a hundred acres of wheat on the hill there won't go a bag to the acre. 1 was reckoning on five. The oate in the other paddocks are nearly as bad. The ribs are sticking out of the cattle, and half of thein will be dead in a month. And look at thoije horsee. Do you wonder 1 don't ad mire these beastly beautiful sunsets? Thank goodness the colour's fading." He propped into his chair again, and looked doubtfully at his pipe before re lighting it. There are times when even tobacco almost fails to soothe. "It is stiff luck," said Manning, after a few puffs in silence. "I suppose it m^ans a good bit of money to you?" "It jneans that 1 am mined-or, at least, that I; shan't have a pound to call my own for years. Bad enough at any time, but just now-oh, confound it alL" Manning twisted bis moustache, and looked optically at his friend. "I sympathise," Jjie said; "but it's not like you to be down-hearted. Sit on me, if you object-, to my curiosity, but hasn't Miss Ball&n;'tyne something to do with this attaele?" "I doubt my rapacity to Bit on you," said Briscaie, drily. "Dau you mean that you have guessed " "That you are in love with her? My dear fellow, I have guessed nothing of the kind. 1 know it/and so does everyone else who has eyes." "Then jou think Z have been making a fool of myself?" "Nqt more than is usual and proper. However, that is unimportant, but 1 do take the liberty to hope you haven't been making a fool of her." Briscoe's dark face flushed angrily. "Don't talk such infernal nonsense," he said; "how>?could I'make a fool of her?" "Oh, just in the commoj^ old way." U (Ul W1 %>ly "Your are a jackass, and_an ir ritating one. Miss IJalnffityne j does not care a straw for m<-> and believe I've worn my heart on my sleeve, as you pretend." "All lovers think they wear Minerva's cloak," ejaculated Manning. "It is hard to does not care a straw for me, and I don't differ'from the vest." "Whether I do or not has nothing to do with the caBe. 'X may have made an ass of myself, butlt&re; the matter ends." "Why? - ' "Because,":said Briscoe, with increasing irritation, "anything else is impossible. How caif I ask a girl to marry me, when I haveu't.a red cent to' my name?" Planning lazily blew a puff of smoke at a mosquito . which had settled on his haJad. 'Well "he drawled, "it seems to nvp yo»\ nhouldjjiave thought of that befc^rfe, you "Before what? Wake-up, magfand get .your sermon off yoiur cl Briscoe," "Very well," returned Manning, "If you want to bejpreached at, FUtrymy hind, i ou ask before what, and yet you know Miss BaU&ntyne; has been with theBouldens mx week*. During that time you've almost lived; tfcgre. You've danced witli her, driven, raaoif.vith her; lost yourself at picnics with her, and -everybody has given you plenty of rope. Then you.jtre inno cently surprised at the suggestion that "your infatuation has been observed. Neither**^ you are children, and no man has a right to sitin a girl# pocket like that unless lie means something by it." ;;H*ve youfinM?" asked Briscoe. untfl you give me a. new text." ,Then I admit I-saifln Mmt" Hallaatyoe, but I mean to keep it to my self. in tge first place, I don't think she wastes a thought upon me: in the second, 1 am penniless, and it would make no differ ence if she did." "You have given roe three new beads," resumed Manning. Firstly, you have not kePt it to yourself; secondly, you were just a5 hard up when you commenced running alter her, as you are now; and, thirdly, 1 believe she does waste-a most appropriate term-a good deal of thought 011 you. "And your conclusion? "That you should give her the chance of refusing you." Briscoe thoughtfully refilled his pipe, and in the glare of the lighted match Manning studied with kindly interest the thin, fine featured face, tanned by the weather, and furrowed with anxiety and disappoint ment. - - "I've utood your jawing, Walter," he said at length, "because I think you mean well, LOOK WHAT I'VE BOUGHT YOU FOR A CHRISTMAS BOX."-("London Punch.") and I only wish I could share your opinion and follow your advice, but it won't do. Maybe i have been an ass, but I have no money, as I've told you, and now I must steer clear of temptation." "If you have been an ass," replied Man ning, "why not be a happy one? She has pots of money with not a soul to spend it on but herself, and you pay her a poor com pliment in supposing that she cares about your money, lou refuse to propose to her because she has a fortune, and some other worthless chap will do so, for no other reason. I've no patience with you." "Nor I with you," replied Briscoe, hotly. "I won't have it said, of me that i am a fortune-hunter." " Now you have touched the peal spot," said Manning, sarcastically. "Your worshipful Bulky pride is worth more than her happiness and yours. Modesty is a jewel, no doubt, but sham modesty, like sham jewellery, is in bad taste. If you don't know that the girl is in love with you, you ought to. iih, Tvhati" as Manning jumped up from his chair with some angry exclama tion. "I beg your pardon. I have said enough, too much, perhaps, but we're such ojla friends that i couldn't help it. Will you come to the Bouldens' now, if I shut up?" "Not to-night." . ' "Then I will go alone," he said, going into the house for his cap, "and leave you to smoke it off. Don't trouble about the horses. I'll walk down. Leave the whisky . bottle accessible if you go to bed before I'm home." Manning set out at once upon his walk, and unconsciously quickened his Bteps, when at length a cheerful glimmer of light from the JLfouldens' house came in sight across the paddocks. In a few minutes he was standing at the open window of the diningroom, looking in at the bright picture presented by the pretty tastefully-dressed girls at the long table, gay with fern fronds and redness of Virginia creeper, that mingled their tints with those of the lamp shades, to give a tone of soft warm colour to the room. A chorus of "come in" saluted him, and Mrs. Bouldeu'g pleasant voice from behind the great tea urn added, "We are so sorry you did not come to tea-we half expected you, and where is Mr. Briscoe?" "Thank you," he said, "I wish we had; and Briscoe" " he hesitated, wondering why be had been fool enough not to manu facture an excuse for his friend on his way over. "Oh, he had rather a headache, you know, and some important letters to write." "Fred's a humbug," said Arthur Boulden, uncompromisingly. "I know hiB letters and his headaches." "Arthur," said Mrs. Boulden, in gentle re proof, "you shouldn't say such things; but I'm very glad Mr. Manning has been able to come." "AU right, mother, I apologise," he said with a comprehensive wink at everybody. "Sit down, Manning, and watch the lions feed -We've almost finished." Maiming was sure he had Been a look of disappointment on Miss Ballantyne's face, and thought he detected a note of suspicion in the half glance she gave him when he was jnaking excuses for Briscoe, X*A11 the mosquitoes in the district have coftie to my corner, just because they know I'm a*£own person, she complained when the party were settling themselves on the verandah "Hp enjoy the evening breeze. "Tliw Mr. Manning come and suffocate somewith your cigarette before I slap my self blie," she continued, glancing ruefully at a red mark on her fair round arm. "V«y well," he laughed, seating himself with his back against a verandah post on the boards in front of her. "The two town people will take refuge in their congenial cmoKe clouds. Talking of clouds, what a lovely night it is." *? s, she answered abstractedly, playaomething oft Grieg's, like a good if you're not |oo tired.' Mary Boulden, left the chair beside them and went to the piano in the drawingroom. Miss Ballantyne listened for a few seconds IvftVliead half turnted, while Manning Studiea profile slotted against the stream of light from, the .-»W, noting how it lit up the reddish gol&gf; her ftatr and what long shadows her eyelashes threw upon her cheek- Was Briscoe going*to be the most fortunate or the most unfortunate man on earth, he wondered. She turned towards him, and leant back in her chair. "How pleasant it is to listen to music in the open air and the dark," she said. "Mr. Manning, do you dislike strong-minded women: . "It depends on whether they have bodies to match," he replied. "You are horribly diplomatic," she laughed. "I am strong-minded." "Then I do not dislike them." "Of course you could say nothing else; but I am going to test your sincerity." "I trust to be marked 18-carat." "Then what was the real reason why Mr. Briscoe did not come this evening?" She hesitated, and Manning thought she blushed a little, but she looked straight at him while she asked the question. "Because lie wanted to avoid you," he answered. "You are a great friend of his. are you not?" "Yes. We were at school together, chums at college, and more or less ever since." "Would you consent to be a party to a fraud upon him-for his own good, of course?-at least I hope so," she added, with a little laugh. "For mine, at any rate." "The prospect is an alluring one, but I should like to know "what the fraud is be fore committing myself," answered Man e looked round the verandah, but the glow of a cigar in the distance and an oc casional remark in a low tone in the pauses of the music showed iier that they were practically alone, and she took a letter from TOE FIRST ASPARAGUS OF THE SEASON. (From "London Punch.") FARMER (AT MARKET DINNER).-'"WULL, GEN'ELMEK, I DUNNO WOT BE THE CRECT WAY O* SEBV1N' THESE 'ERE, BUT I GEN'ELLY EATS JUST THE ENDS OF 'EM MYSELF !" [HELPS HIMSELF TO THE TOPS !] her pocket. "That will give you the clue to my scheme," she said, "if you can read it in this light." Manning strained his eyes to make out the few business-like lines. They were from an English firm of solicitors, and in formed Mies Ballantyne that by the will of a distant relative she bad been left the sum of £7.000, invested in consols, and available in cash whenever she might need it. "1 fed extremely envious. Miss Ballan tyne," he said, as he handed it back, "but 1 don't quite catch on to your scheme yet." "My plan is very simple," 6he replied. "It is to make Mr. Briscoe believe that the money has been left to him. I leave the details to you. because you are a lawyer, and wUl know now to manage them. Well?" she said, a little impatiently, as he thrust his hantu into his pockets, and leant back without replying, "is it too much for your conscience to svfaillow?" "Well, you know, it's a little bit stiff," n^ laughed. "I don't know about con science exactly, but isn't the story too "No. It isn't as 'thin* as you think," she replied earnestly. "Mr. Molyneux is a dis tant relative of his, as well as mine, and might just as well have left him the money. Hasn't he told you that we are something or other cousins'?" He never told riieso, but, of course, that does m*ike a difference in its feasibility. It's awfully generous of you, you know, and if it wasn't tc^jinuch cneek on my part I thi^k^joouW^uesSjJ gcat^ejy 1Q a pog^Q to resent what you call your check," she ' smiled, "and I aon't say your guess would not be correct, but there is no need to put it into words. "No, of course not; but suppose he should find out the fraud?" "I am going to tell bim when- , oh, at the proper time," she laughed. "Yea,' he saia, with an answering smile, "but he will be very angry-perhaps will not forgive you." "If he does not," she replied with dig nity, "no great harm will be done. I shall have learnt what certain professions are worth; but I think he will. However,, we mustn't sit here all the evening. Don't be too shocked at me, Mr. Manning. You see, you were the only person who could help me, and I guessed that 1 was only tell ing you what you knew already." "I quite understand," he said, simply, "and I admire your-your strength of mind." "Thank you, very much. I am afraid hav ing a lot of money prevents a girl from acting quite aa she would like. It has that effect on me, at any rate. You will see what you can do about the letter!" "Yes," he said, after a moment's hesita tion. "Give it to me, and I will concoct some fraud about it. If I'm struck off the rolls, you know, I shall blame you." "I take all risks," she said. "Let us go into the drawingroom." A week after this conversation Manning had returned to town, but Kdith BaLL&n; tyne, who was still with the Bouldens, had accepted Briscoe's invitation to drive him in his dog-cart for a big picnic down - the valley, it was cool under the hill by teh river bank, and the hours had iio«vn by for both of tbem sitting there among the bracken. They could heat voices and laugh ter in the distance, and now and then catch a glimpse of white dresses and hats, from where the rest of the picnickers had col lected for afternoon tea on a gravelly pe ninsula down the stream. "They will call us in a minute," said Edith Ballantyn^ with a sigh, "and we shall have to go. "1 suppose so," answered Briscoe, throw ing a pebble at a parrot trying to balance on a feathery wattle top, inaniiestly not up to his weight. "But let us wait till tbev do calL Should we tell them, do you think?'' He tilted his hat further bark, and leant upon his elbow, looking up at her, where she sat upon a tuft of ferns above him. making a bouquet of maidenhair and wild flowers. Her smile deepened the dimple in her cheek, and gave a scftnesp to her mouth, a little, too determined in repose, as she answered, "You may, if you like, ana can do it neatly. I shan't say a word." "I shall feel rather an ass; but I am too happy and they will be too surprised at the fact to care much about how it is put." She put down her bououer., and laughed merrily. "I also plead guilty to the happi ness; but you must be a goose if you hope to surprise them. I believe they are laugh ing at us now.'" "Let them laugh," he answered. "You don't seem to mind much, so why should I?" "You can't think, darling, how life has changed for me in the last hour," he con tinue, after a pause. "Three hours," she interrupted. "Well, three hours. I can scarcely be lieve it is tive minutes; but the change had its beginnings before that. It was only a few days ago I was cursing my luck - to Manning, the most miserable man alive." "Wasn't I anything to you then?" she asked. "Anything? You were absolutely every thing, and seemed so utterly beyond my reach. That was what made me so miser able. I think I'd have had pluck enough to stand up against the drought that was spoiling my crops and starving my cattle but for you." "But didn't you guess that I cared for you in spite of all those things?" "I don't know, dearest. I scarcely dared think of such undeserved good fortune com ing my way, and I wouldn't let myself guess. My prospects were ruined for years, and I had made up my mind to go off to Melbourne without seeing you again." "Wasn't that a little hard upon me?" she asked, looking at him with a half-, smile. "Oh, I don't know, darling," he laughed; "perhaps it was, but no* could I know that you would care about a fellow like me. At any rate, it's all right now, isn't it?" He sat down beside her, and slid his arm round her waist, but she moved away and turned to face him. "Wait a minute," she said. "What makes it all right now?" "Why, old Molyneux leaving me that money, of course." . "fa that of more importance to you than my "loving you? Of course it isn t, but what a dufler »ou are, darling, not to see that without that money 1 would never have found out that you aid. "You think a great deal of money," she »a»d, with the slightest hint of iWem in oer tone, ""He fenced at her? and his eyebrows went op a little m eurprwe "So wouid you JMlithj if you had had as little of it as i 4o°'t * » ? to about it," ahe per sisted. You mean, if you had not got that money you would not have proposed to and yet you knew I had heaps. Yes. If you had been a poor girl it might fr&ve; been different, but everyone would Mve^fiuppoaed I was running after your "That is not flattering to me," ahe answered. 1 should think real love would torcet all about money. You might havt asked me to marry you if I had been a pen niless girl, you say- Your love would have been strong enough to take the risks of bringing discomfort on me, but not strong enough to make you willing to owe to me the happiness of us both. Fred, dear," she continued, as he'looked at her with a puzzled frown, I don t blame you much. Pride is * & L ttpg, even when it makes people seuisii, and most people would say you were perfectly right. I don't admit that, but 1 know views differ about these things." "Let OUTB differ then, and say no more about it. He stood up and held out his hands, as he looked down at her with love and admiration in his eyes. She closed sighetL 4 8?cond' ^en loosed up again, and "No, love, I can't. Our viewB have got to agree if we are going to be happy. It's early for confessions isn't it, but 1 have to m^ke one-a serious one- already." My dearest girl, what on earth do you mean" He flung himself down beside her, and one arm went round her waist, unreproved this time, while with the other he caught her hands, that lay curled on her lap, and kissed them. "I mean that Mr. Molyneux did not leave that money to you, but to me. I persuaded Mr. Manning to forge the letter that came to you last week." His fingers loosened their clasp on her hands, which made use of their liberty, one w"faere it rested on her waist, and the other to make a place for her head on his shoulder. yu0U f°r&ve; me?" she whispered, with her breath on his cheek. "It was kW£U1u-wrong to deceive you, but I guessed how things were, and I couldn't help loving yT and longing to help you, and 1 knew you would never give me the chance. Won't you forgive me? f "4^ ,you giving me a fair chance to re fuse. he asked, with a vexed laugh. "A man would forgive the arch enemy if " T J?,® put on your shoulder? ^,ankyou. There s no accounting for v.? ouy think it would be most un conifortable. However, now you are free" loolng'aSL am aWa?' md nt ereot "I can scarcely take it in yet, but 1 am he said, twisting his moua No, not that. You were a little while me°' r>egged for, me' ^ havIS 1 am worth more than those " And ^ s^?ds'' 8^e said pleadingly. hdA y W0!1]d, you take them with de light from an old dead man who never cared twopence for you, and refuse t a live woman who " m times-'too good for me. I <ion t know, darling, but it is hard. a°fn^n0W' knd 8omething oi a shock. What a l ^av® made of me, but it's worth a ^ood deal of pride to be your fool, isn't J'ou do forgive me, and won't let LTaT^r ' 8^ameleasly 1 flun« Ty an^ 1 think about it." She lifted her bead from his shoulder a few minutes later, and listened .'The? wu know gettli£ hoarse," she said. "Do LLe^oLy^ g m°re horrid thaa a .. MSWRSS bow J S U"e 10» <Jeo"Je'i ^'No; have you?" "^o,I don t intend to." possibly dTwitboutDa°f&on; AndesLitdidf°r °nCe 1 P°mihly ****." 