A MOUNTAIN STAGE RIDE. We had ridden three boars with s stupid .toge-drivor, and I was chagrined and disap pointed. I hud engaged the front seat two weeks in advance and had expected to have a chance to study one of the old-time stage drivers on his native heath ; but, though it was said he had been on the routo twenty year?, lie simply chewed a quid of tobacco and conld not be iuduccd to talk. An occasional gnmt of assent or dissent was the most he vouchsafed us, and it was with a feeling of reliof we changed stages at Murphy's aad had another driver. The drive from Murphy's to Angel's is over 15 miles of dusty, uuinterestiug road, and we had not looker! forward to the prospect with pleasure ; but our new driver had an air of business and a looseness of tongue that were very refreshing after the mummified silence of the other man, and promised well for our enter tainment. Then, too, we saw that we had made a mis take about our first driver ; the second man was of course the old stager, with his many thrilling adventures and hair-breadth escapes, while the first man was evidently a novice in the business. We look our seats and prepared oursclveJ for a most interesting t.ime. " liope you're all comfortable, ladies?" began our second man, in a manner very different from the other gruff bore. "I do like mighty well to have ladies in the front sett with me ; but I'm quite a fav'rite with the ladies, it seems -they always want the front seat." "Oh, I see, you are the old stage-driver," I exclaimed, " and you will tell us some of your interesting stories. How lovely ! What is your name?" " My real name's-no matter. But they all call be Tennessee up here. You see 1 come from Tennessee, an' I've got the Southern twang, an* when I first come 1 talked a heap 'bout my native State, an' I bragged some, too, I guess, coming from the South, you know, an' the boys like to josh a fellow. But I've travelled round so much that I've lost most of my twang-knocked 'bout considerable in my day. Fellow can't holp rubbing on some polish, you know-I expect thufc's why I'm such a fav'rito with the ladies. : It's real funny how tile old maids get stuck on me, an' the widders, too," Temnessee chuckled. » Br iitnminy criclretts ! Ex-cuse me, if I get off a swear-word now nnd again. I don't know which if the worst, old maids or widders. (I took a sly gl»noe at my compainon, who was a young and pretty widow who lived in ban Francisco.) "I'm writing a book on my experience with the women. .. .'Why,'" said the little widow, J'I should think you would get married, with so many to chooso froro." , ««Well, it does seem that way. You see, J did try it onct. I'm a widderer-got sons over 20 yews old-wouldn't believe it now, would you ? Most people take me to be 'bout oO. I nj by right over 40; but great Jupiter whipstitch . ! -ex-cuse me, we old stagers can't help a little profanity-I shouldn't have any trouble marrying. I most always propose to the women before I get them through." (My pretty com panion began to look alarmed.) " The women like it-particular the widows. Isow were coming to a little down grade Got on a ? pretty heavy load, bo guess well take it easy. Go 'long there, Suae-Nick, you old rack-a > b°"ve rounded tho brow of the hill, add the horses began the steep descent with a gentle trot ; but within a few seconds their speed liad accelerated to a hard gallop. The old Concord coach rolled from side to side, and wo seemed in danger of upsetting, but our time had not yetcomo, and we reached the level road m safety. The widow and I were fiBZing at Tennessee with admiration. How fearless he .was 1 What splendid driving 1 But a timid 'man on the back seat was first to recover his BP"l\'hmk you had better use your brake, driver," lie said, in a querulous voice ; " that driving was altogether too fast for a heavy coach." _ . - Listen to that old duffer," said Tennessee,, sotto voce. "Guess he "ever seen a hill before.^ Then he raised his voice. Weil, 1 did try, he said calmly, gteocing baolc. Why, Lord!) the brake's gone !" he exclaimed. We »U looked at the rear wheels m dismay. The brake was gone in truth. , . "Well, we'll have to go back-thats plain, 'said the timid man. " What! pull up that hill said lonnessee, with disnuat; "not if I know myself. We'll be all right. I never had an accident iu my life. Why, last week I liad twelve people on board-two women and a kid here in front, an' one of tho front wheels rolled right off on this down grade* an rolled a huudred yards down the road, an we just settled down kind of comfortable like, an I never spilled a person or broke a screw. Oh, I'll get you through safe, you can rest easy on We were trotting along at a lively rate, and I glanced nervously at the heavy axles. I hoped devoutly that the wheels were secure. Tennessee continued his talk with the most nonchalant air, as if brakes and wheels and things of that kind were of miuor consideration. "This house we are coming to is tho only post office bfctween Murphy's an* Angel's," he said. " Nice little woman keeps it-mighty sweet on me-plucky, too, I can tell you." Wo drew up at the door, and a kindly faced woman came out with the mail-bag. She gave us a little nod of greeting and retreated ' modestly into the doorway. Two or three tow heaaed children peered out from behind her skirts at the stage people. « The school-maWs goiug down this moru ine," so id the postmistress. .. We're pretty well loaded," said Tennessee. X thought so, too, and wondered where we should put the school-mistress. But Tennessee seemed quite to forget any emergency. He started the k°»f (j'ood rooming to you, ma'am," hn called to | the woman, and wafted a kiss from the tips of his fingers-presumably to the ch.ldren, but I thought with intention to show us bow lie managed those things with the ladies. A few rods beyond we stopped, and a sun-burned girl | otboie out. . I . . Good-morning," she cnlleJ, inn fres.i, clear voice; " have you room for me ? ' " Oh yes," answered the obliging Tennessee ; "always room for one more. Got any trunks ?' " ves two," and she glanced apologetically at two enormous Saratogas which stood just hy the door. We wondered where they out, but Tennessee never hesitated. The trunks were placed somewhere ou the back, and our driver spraug nimbly into his seat »g«>n. Wu started off on a brisk trot, and Tennessee launched forth in a string of thrilling narrative .. See (bat hole ovef there? he said. A friend of mine dug out = ^ t».«««*» __ 0f that aort of thing than I can attend to. Why, I make more than tour !- = mv wages just selling out claims. Don't want to buy a claim now, do you ? No ? Well, here's something more interesting than claims-for a paying business beats davms al hollow-that'B stage robbing. See that tree over yonder ? That's where 1 wis held up last time-robber didn't, set ^vth.ng, though. That's onct when he miscalculated. I looked about quickly W« were now in a Ausfcv wi\derness of pto® cUa-patt*"* Sof human habitation uear. Tennessee saw my nervous glance. " Mighty lonesome-looking now, ain't it ? See tlieni bullet-holes in my stage- cover p Them w»s put in when we were attacked by six robbers .over here by Joaquin Murietta's old home." I Felt my blood run cold. 1 had not seen the bullet-holes before. The timid 111.111 gave vent to an andibln " Ah ! " anil the olbors preserved nn awc- struck silence. " Why," coutiimi*d Tennessee, .' 1 guess every stone an' tree has hid its robber some time or other 'long here. I've had 15 or 20 hold-ups, an' that's nothing compared to some of the old-timers.'" " Do you think thero is any danger at this particular time inquired the timid man. " Why, that's hard to tell," said Tennessee, dubiously. "It was just here where wu had" that last hold-up two mouths' ago, an' ono of the passengers afl' two of the robbers was killed. The papers never got tho straight of that. You see, it was that hold up-which showed me that the little widder postmintress was stuck 011 me. I was coming along here that day-had on a Wells-forgo shot-gun messenger aud a lot of passengers. There was about a hundred thousand dollnrs in bullion under tho reat, an' (he messenger held a loaded gun in his hand al the time. When we got just 'bout hcr<>, coming up tho hill I saw the bushes move right there, an' I said kinder under my breatb, ' robbers 1 ' I whipped out my pistol an' the messenger aimed his gun ; but, Lordy. what do you think it was? Why, the little postmistress back there. We came nigh shootiug her She looked frightened nigh to death, an' was vwhite as a ghost." "'Don't shoot,' she iatd, kinder soft like. ' Four men are going to rob the stage. I beard them planning it. They want to stop you before you git to the top of the grade,but if you hurry, you'll get there Urst, nn' maybe can git away on the down-grado. Good-bye, and be quiok,' and she got out of sight in a twinkling. Done that for npe, you see We never waited to thank her. That's oue thing I object to in in these here mountains-you've got to sacrifice politeness sometimes. " Well, I jnst gave my horses a out, an* tbey jumped forward. That plucky little woman got out of sight pretty durned quick-had a hone, I guess. Well, we got to the top of tho hill first, an' by Jupiter snupgrass-ex-cuse me, always use strong language when I git excited .-right on the other Hide was four masked men a-coming it up Wie hill tie hard as they could tear. There was a breathless silence on the stage coach. The horses were pulling up that very hill, and there was a possibility that wo would be held up, too. Tennessee was getting a quid of tobacco ; he kept us hanging breathless on his words until he had the morsel well rolled into his cheek. " The first glimpse they caught of us, they jumped behind trees nn''called ' Halt!' but we were on the brow of the hill, an' I was prepared, ; I d fastened the reins 'round my waist, an' guided with one hand while 1 used the other for j my six shooter. The messenger shouted ' Let lier gty!' It was just here, Indies-wc left two men stretched out. I killed two rubbers an' wounded nnother. The shooting scared tho horses, or I think I'd have finished all four. That durned messenger--ex-cuse me-was so scared that 'he shot 0110 %of my borses. Not used to tho biz, you see. Of course the borses stampeded-ft's bad enough to hear the firing without being peppered by an unresponsible man who is frightened into next week. Well, they started on the deud ruu down the grade, an' I had to drop my pistol and hang on to tho lines. I tell you, we buzzed round them turns -sometimes two wheels standing off the grade at oiiet. When we reached the bottom of tho hill down at the station, the old hoss dropped dead, Rn' the people on tho Btage just come up to ma a-crying an* n-thanking me for saving their lives, an' took on turruble. Look !-at that rock ! " ho ejaculated. We gazed with startled eyes in the -direction indicated. "Oh, I guess it's all right this time, but I always expect to have a man step out from behind that rock-finest pluue to rob a stage in the country. Two men held me up there about IS years ago, when I flret began to drive here-didn't get anything, though. Now we're past. Guess that's a sigh of relief, ain't it P This is a mighty dangerous country 'bout here, but I guess I'll git you through, lading. Don't you fear. If wo git nttackted, just sit still-keep perfectly coot and ca'm, an' you probably won't git more than two err three scattered shots." Wo were all well frighteued by this time. The little schoolmistress 011 the back seat held her peace, but the rest of us were looking about nervously and trusting our lives to this wonder ful Tennessee. The pretty widow was no longer haughty and distant, but at every noise in the bush grasped the arm of the brawny driver aud looked appealingly into his face. "Now, ladies, when we start down this mountain, we are on the jhomestreteh to Angel's. Just one milo more. I always feel glad when we pass this knoll. Joaquin Blurietta held me up right here the first month I was on the road. J had five miners on board, an' they showed fight, an' they got. the .worst of it, too. 1 just held my horses an' kept oool. Indiscretion is no kind of valour, you know. Well, Murietta stru'ng up every one of them five miners to a tree, an' told me to go into Angel's an' say that Tennessee was the only man about with any sense, an' for other people to tako warning. That's the old tree over there, an'there's tho ropes yet. Seo them right there." " Oh, do drive on fast-<lo drive on I" we all exclaimed, nhudderiugly. " Well, 1 guo68 we'll have to go on, an' pretty fast, too. The horses can't hold back much on this dawn-grade. If we turn over, ladies, I guess it will bo on my side, so just be prepared to swing yourselves out." Down we started. In a few seconds the horses were galloping, and in a few seconds more they were running. Five badly frightened people hung on in desperation to the seats, and the pretty widow hung to the urm of Tennessee. His feet were braced against the dash-board and his body stiffened out as he hung on to the taunt lines. Swinging, bumping, pitching, we careered down the loug hill and went tearing into the little mining-camp of Angel's. "VVe drew up with a flourish at the door of the primitive hotel, and fairly fell into the arms of Tennessee, who had sprung to the ground to receive us. Six thaukful, aimiriug people stood in the tiny hotel parlour, awaiting the next'stage and driver. The little brown school-mistress was there, loo, ] " Why,'' sjid the little widow, " I think I ' should have died of fright on that dreadful road if it hadn't been for Tennessee." '.'Yes, indeed," cried number two. "The very thought of that brave in mi kept me calm, and 1 know if anyone else had been driving, we would have been killed surely. What a splendid fellow he is." " Just the kind of driver 1 have always heard about," cried number three. " You can pick him out from a thousand as a regular old stager," said number four. " He's the bravest man I have ever seen,"said number five. "He's a great, big-hearted, lfcie fellow," said the timid man, and a genuine hero, too. I'm thankful we had such a competent man over >that fearful road." " Pardon me," said the little brown school mistress, who had been a silent listener, " but I think you are all mistaken. Tennessee isn't much of a hero. He's only been io the State two weeks, and to judge by his driving he never saw a stage before-and-well- the iiostmistivaa is engaged to the nhot-gun messenger, And al. those robbery 6tories he told you happened to Fred Green, who drovo yon down to Murphy's this morning. Evidently Tennessee thought something was expected of him, and proved himnclf equal- to the occasion." 