American Eloquence. A man on his trial for murder, in New York, was successfully defended by his -counsel in the following grandiloquent speech:— Gentlemen of the jury, " Thou shalt not kill." Now, if you hang my client, you transgress the command as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose's egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whe ther committed by twelve jurymen or an humble individual like my client. Gentle men I do not deny the fact of my client having killed a man. No such thmg, gen tlemen. You may bring the prisoner in ^guilty, the hangman may do his duty—but will that excuse yon?. No; in that case yon will he murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be -stamped on his brow to-day ?—who, free men?—who in this land of liberty and light ? Gentlemen, I will pledge my own word not one of you has a bowie knife. No, gentlemen, yonr pockets are odorifer ous with the fames of cigars and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience; bat hang my unfortunate client and the scaly alli gators of remorse will gallop through the internal principles of oar animal viscera until the spinal vertebra of your anatomi cal construction is turned into a gigantic railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen; beware of commit ting murder! Beware, I say, of meddling with the Eternal Prerogative! Gentle men, I adjure you, by the manumitted ghost of temporary sanctity, to do no mur der. 1 adjure you by the name of woman, ■the mainspring of the ticking timepiece of time's theoretical transmigration, to do no murder, I adjure you by the American Eagle, that whipped the universal game cocfc^ of creation, and is now roosting in the magnetic telegraph of time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder! And, lastly, if you ever expect free dogs not to bark at you, if you ever expect to wear boots made of the free hide of the Rocky .Mountain buffalo, and, to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but sneak ing, law-flung, rascally, branded, small ends of humanity, whittled down into in distinctibility, acquit my client, and save yeur country. The prisoner was acquitted. 