ANOTHER British aristocrat is to marry a Gaiety girl. -Another of the landed gentry. K I N COLES, of South Australia, like Opposition leader Lyne, of Sydney, was once a plain policeman. " BRUMMAGEM JOE " CHAMBERLAIN seems a certainty for a peerage out of the Diamond Jubilee honour distributions. CRITCHETT WALKER, N.S.W. Principal Under- Secretary, ^ ^ ^ holds the __ long- service & record of that pj^^^s public servants! A SISTER of the Earl of Pembroke, well known for his South Sea writings, is a humble inmate of a South Australian convent. THE Fairfaxes draw ^53,OdO:;a)year>from ^ the Sydney Morning Herald.^,ltHs -taie-fT' tiie'^ttnest^ews. " paper property in Australia. ' ' \ THE Bar Convention• JN- b-W. returns six lawyers, y i^ria hve ana boath Australia-tpree. - - • T 11e Premier, Attorney-General, ChiefSecretary, aud Ministers of Public Works, Lands and Mines aU educafced at sfcate schools. ])R EMBLING, M.L.C., was in his youth an ar(ient admirer of Garibaldi, and actually sailed wlth a ship- load of English volunteers to join the bel." ARTIST LONGSTAFF has postponed his flight to London till late in the year. An inrush of commissions brushed away all thoughts of an early departure. . EX-SPEAKER THOMAS BENT was m the Warrnainbool express railway accident, but came out unmjured. A man with Thomas experience of smashes is not easily damaged. 1'ENCILLER TOM ARNFIELD, en route to London p er the R.M.S. Ormuz, expects to rake the " books" af-, 'Ome with his hurdler, Emmalea. He and liis party are confident of landing a big coup before they return to Australia. ' THE Eev. E. S. Hughes has been getting on to the business men of Melbourne, and is apparently surprised to find that strict veracity is not compatible with business principles. The utterances of " a commercial • traveller , astound ^ ji him. " lln Why, - if I did not lie for my firm every day , of „. my life I would lose my billet to- morrow!" Well, well, the man who lies under these circumstances simply gives utterance to his firm convictions. CLEVER MISS SPENCE, the defeated S.A. woman candidate for thi Federal Convention, turns off four leaders a week for the Adelaide Register. ALTOGETHER the late Sir Thomas Elder has endowed the Adelaide University with £98,500. Daring bis lifetime that institution received nearly°<£35,000 from him „ , . , ... THE Hott'uungs, the Sydney people handling nearly all the big British deals m • mmes, are credited with havmg cleared .£40,000 out oi their last year's floats. S.A. PREMIER. KINGSTON keenly feels the loss of his able partner, George Ash. Although the pair were strong political enemies, their business relations were of the most cordial nature. , , , , XT MAORILAND'S latest toast gets home on the Wew Woman. "The ladies! God bless them! Formerly our superiors, now our equals! The she voter doesn't, it appears, appreciate the compliment. S.A. Gov. BUXTON contemplates a trip to England late in the year. His Ex. has a mania for travelling, though for this occasion he thinks private business will necessitate his temporary absence to. Fogland. ASTRONOMER WRAGGE'S suggestion that he should be recognised as a sort of boss Federal weather prophet has baen like a red rag to Baracchi. That much-alive meteorologist hasn't stopped snorting since. PREMrts^tSBDnox not .a loquacious man. On the o6^sioh of the lasi-4faoriland elections and Seddpn's triumph, some friends at a distance telegraphed tife^M'" Hallelujah!" " Amen !" was Sedd6ii's message back. . TASMANIA'S 5FT. JUDOS ADAMS registered sixtysix last week-. -Yet he is as perky and jovial,as thb"ty y^rs Tiis"iumor; What he lacks gtatui. e Ju^e Adams makes up in brain power, for he's an exceptionally able man. JUDGE WILLIAMS says that in his bar days coimsel's opinion on a simple subject could be had f or a couple of guineas. Now it iso'mpossible to get near counsel, even for a verbal opinion, under six guineas. As the world grows older law, instead of cheapening, gets dearer. POOR old Shiel Barry bore the reputation of being one of the meanest men on the English stage. Actors used to say that he played Gaspard, the miser, in " Les Cloches de Corneville," for so many years that he became personally sunk in the. part. Whether that be so or not, he certainly did play it as nobody else ever aould. No one who ever heard his guttural, cackling laugh in that piece will ever forget it, or the picture of the old man clutching his rolling golden guineas in the haunted castle, while the moonlight streamed in through the Oriel windows, it was remarkable ••ose to distinction i|r om being a mere penny - gaff actor in the backbloeks townships of New South Wales. He a" pile must "of have money made out of " C o r n e v i 11 e " alone, for he was touring- with it for years in England. No comic opera, except " Falka," and perhaps " Dorothy,'' had such a run, and dramatic no more opera was ever staged. On dit that David Syme doesn't want a knighthood, but would dearly love the refusal of one. After the slating the Age dealt out to Sir John MTntyre over his bauble the Dictator of the Democrats could hardly drop to Sir Dawvid. PRIVATE A. V. COMRIE, of Ballarat, is the tallest member of the N.S.W. and Vic. military detachments to represent Australia at the Diamond Jubilee festivities. Comrie stands 6f fc. 8Jin. in ibis stocking feet, whereas the best of the Welshmen ^ ^ measure over 6ft. 5in. The Port Melbourue Board of Advice will hesitate about taking the local school children down the Bay for a picnic again, particularly on a squally day. They committed this indiscretion recently. The trip down was right enough, but coming ' back, " when " the " wind - -had - -freshened - - and tlie children ' " " were : full of ^ the assorted edibles and drinkables that children usually take in atpicnics, a there was much trouble About three hundred boys and girls were violently sea-sick, persistently and enthusiastically so, and to such an extent that the Board has had to pay £50 to the shipowners to ™patr {damages caused thereby. The state of the vessel when she reached the pier -will not bear thinking about. JOURNALIST PHIL MENNELL, reputed to .have struck it rich to the tune of £50,000 out of the Westralian boom, intends to make another trip to Australia, leaving London late this month for that purpose. Mennell lias developed into somewhat of a large personage since he discontinued cable cramming in London for David Syme. S.A. CHIEF JUSTICE, when he joins the Privy Council, will have ample opportunity to study that ; Empire making " personalty, Cecil Rhodes, who represents South Africa in the Council. Apropos of Rhodes, ex-American President Cleveland recently seized up the African man's worth. " For a man like Khodes to 1 \- t - ' develop — i her colonial i i empire, Prance would pay 20 millions. Germany would pay 1 30 millions and America 60 millions! You (England) have got him for nothing, make the most of him." " TOBT - BARTON, scorer of the biggest Federal vote,"had one short experience of the Premiership. When the fiery Dibbs was smoking that famous cigar with the Prince of Wales the popular Q.o, was filling his Premier's chair at the nublicoffloes 1 N.S.W. THE most bitterly disappointed official in co n . neetion with Premier Turner's visit to England ig Commau<ier Collins, Secretary for Defence, WHO ully expected to be taken as a kind of perioatetic ^ mccam of Court etiquette. The little man ] iaB tiken no pains either to disguise his chagrin. SIB WILLIAM CLARKE assisted materially IN assuring the success of the South Melbourne State schools' picnic, which came off at Sunbury last Friday. Sir William at Sunbury occupies a ition verylike that of a benevolent English squire flT1 in an •English Ens , lisll village. u affe . Bv-the-wav. By-the-way, Hthe 10 Baronet owns 178,000 acres of the soil of Victoria, . N.Z. PREMIER SEDDON'S trip to London still hangs between the devil and the deep sea. llig strongest opponent, Sir Robert Stout, desires him to go, but objects to the postponement of the session till the burly Dick returns. Seddon spots a little game, and doesn't feel at all anxious to possibly sacrifice the Premiership for a brief kneeling exhibition at the London court. PIGEON-SHOOTER DONALD M'INTOSH, who has been lately paralysing continental sports, ascribes his accuracy of eye and steadiness of nerve to the fact tliat he neither drinks nor smokes. But, different men, different methods; his friend and only Australian rival, " Gundagai" Purves, always has a whiskey before he shoots and keeps a cigar between his teeth all the time. So the Temperance party don't score on this deal after all WiTHwhat ma^^nt skillJHwJfi*J«*been \- U / «"r e a S Sv iml^ c K a*d c 0 we re the first registered proprietors, and on b rea kdown Messrs. E. and D. Syine acquired the property. Mr. David Syme counted for little Reside his brother, Ebenezer, the greatest Melbourne journalist of the hour, and likewise an emj n ent member of the Legislative Assembly, in the renowned " Corner." PATTIE BROWNE, the plump and handsome soubrelte, the cleverest by far reared in Australia, and now one of the best of her class in London, was a natural actress, and needed no coaching even from "Dot ' Boucicault, most exacting of stage managers. She made her first appearance with a Sydney amateur co. in " Our Boys," when she played Bolinda so pertly and so intelligently that the audience simply roared her into a professional position. This in answer to the assert ion that " Dot" was the making of her as an actress. IN the Orange-and- Green childishness each side fervently expresses its intense desire. to respect law and order. It's something like this :— "He wouldn't wear the yeller, So I tapped him on the smeller," Quoth the Loyal Orange Leaguer, " just to make him keep the peace." " And I went for that spalpeen, For aswearing off the green," Replied the good Hibernian, "just to give me feelin's ease." THE following story about Dr. Rentoul is one for the veracity of which we do not vouch. Yesterday morning early the Doctor was waited u P on % atl enthusiastic North of Ireland man who had a happy idea of celebrating St. Patrick's Day. " These processions," he said, " tend to keep alive sectarian feeling and should be abolished." " My own opinion precisely," assented the Doctor. " Then," said the visitor, " I have thought of a counterblast to this unholy demonstration of today. Let you and me put orange ribbons in our coats, go out, meet the advancing procession and shout out,' To Hell with the Pope!' What would you say to that to-day ?" " It is not what I would say to-day, but what twelve men would say tomorrow. They would say,' Wilful suicide whilst of unsound judgment.'" A CURIOUS superstition is held by the Gallery art students in connection with the travelling scholarship. It centres round an ancient stone goblet, which has been passed on to and been in the possession of each winner of the scholarship up to date. Longstaff first held it, and passed it on to Alston; Alstont»Quinn,Quinn toNye, wholeftyictoria and passed it on to Coates, who won the last ompetition. Each man, as he gets the goblet.carves his initials on it, and after he has tried for the prize he is supposed to present the enchanted drinking vessel to the student whom he thinks most likely to win the next scholarship. Before leaving the Gallery the other day, Mr. George Coates presented the goblet to Mr. Alec Williams, who now bears the responsibility of being expected to merit the compliment Those who know his work are fuU o£ \ l0 P e that he ^ although he will compete gainst some strong men. It ^ now ten e gill0e Artist "Jack" Longgtag th& &. at National Gallery Scholarship, which carries wj t h it a gold medal. The artist worthily fulfill^ hi s par t of the conditions by sendi oufc a ^py of an old master at the end of Ms first and second year, and a fine original paint- ^ « The Sirens" at the end of his term; hut hb'gold medal only reached him last week. It IS a v<fry massive token of solid gold, weighing about four ounces. On ~ the face is a classical ' female ' figure holding a fern, and underneath is the inscription, Victoria -fronde . corowat— " Victoria crowns with a fern." The reverse carries the simple legend, "First winner of the Victorian Travelling Scholarship," while the artist's name is engraved on the broad edge of the medal '1 delay in delivering the emblem is ascribed to the fact that it had to be designed and executed in England, so that, now the exact shape is fixed upon, it will not, as might ue calculated, be half-a-century before the last winner of. the scholarship gets his medaL All the same, it would be interesting to hear why the Gallery Trustees could not have h a d the memento designed and minted in Melbourne. i" 11 >- ISTER TAVEBNER is the theatregoer of the • istrv. He never misses a show. Peacock ,1,1 jro oftener only for that laugh, which : it necessary for him to usually confine him- ,:, melancholy melodramas. ,t a Victorian Premiers—that is, one existing tier and three ex-Premiers—contested the . ;.il elections: Turner, Gillies, Berry, O'Logh- Vrmuier Turner is comparatively new to ; -s. He has o ily an e'ght yeara' rcc^rd. ii 51 a A HEBA HORNK, our recent visitor to i, nment House, is'a capital cigar connoisseur. ]> . Havumiahs, which he keeps in boxes half 1 with tea-co give them flavour and dryness "IV. j]is special form of nicotine combustion. •',; CJOI'EB, the Scotsman editor "doing' 1 • alia, has a daughter in Adelaide and several ..„; ; v-es iu New Zealand. The cute Scotch , i .list, though he had not much time, managed i,, , t over the whole of the provinces, bar Italia. . ATTING, as far as the banks are concerned j].: days, is quite a "deadhorse," but with some . I pastoralists it is still a matter of much , ; One N.S.W. wool king cleared -£70,000 last , ,. . and a Victorian squatter got well over the V; .• »KI figure. ,' I IIXALIFIT "JIMMY" THOMSON, erst of Melbourne Sliivlwd, means to stand for a goldfields -litftency at the forthcoming Westralia general c]ii-;ions. Another ex-Victorian newspaperman, l.'liv* Jones, feels the same way, and is contesting \- in the Liberal interest. IIX PREMIER SHI ELS, PDNCH regrets to hear, is in.! reaping much beneficial change from his lic.illli sojourn in South Australia. His name was sen i i'ly, if ever, mentioned in the Federal campui^n. another instance of the shortness of the people s memory where politicians are concerned. MU. DAVID STME'S success in connection with t lit- Federal elections has made him even more amiii( ions than formerly. It is rumoured in political circles that the Age proprietor contemplates running a candidate for every constituency iu i he colony at the coming general elections. I'AN our St. Paul's Cathedral be made to pay ? . f ib-re irf a parlous question, which, indeed, distresses llv authorities. Bishop Goe hates this idea dt tli^ oratorios, but needs must when the spirit of necessity drives. Contrast this starvation of the I'nllx'dral with the tremendous financial support •jiveii to the Salvation Army. The Church is too r,„r,ro : too much devoted to Toorakia, which, after all, will not unload its cash, while the working people give to the concern they love in the spirit- of the widow's mite. The Anglican Church require* to take root downward more. THE appearance of a ghost in an arbitration ruse is a trifle startling. In the dispute betweeu the Public Works Department and the owners of a piece of land on the Tarra bank—required for widening the river—an old house, situated on the property, is alleged to be haunted. Mr. C. J. Ham, who valued the site, made no allowance for the lihosl : which was a pity, seeing that a marketprice for what the Psychical Researchers call a "phantasmogenetic agency" requires to be given. hosts have ere now figured before the law in connection with property. There is a French ease, in which it was sought to invalidate a lease I u-cause, as learned counsel put it, " the defendants have let a house as habitable well-knowing the same to be infested with spirits." There is also a Scotch case, but that is rather different. In Edinburgh, in 1835, one Captain Molesworth bored holes through the walls of his house into the next house, ripped up floors and tore down wainscots in search of an alleged ghost that haunted his habitation. In that case, however, the landlord brought an action to restrain the ghost-hunter from knocking the house about! Ail injunction wuc granted. As late as 1890, in Ireland, a tenant sought to evade payment of rent on the ground that the premises were haunted. He was nou-suited—the ghost was no defence. Had it been, e^ery house in Ireland would forthwith have become haunted. But here; Mr. C. J. Ham lias missed a chance—he should have valued the . yhost. " IT'S time that Boyne of Contention were decently buried" remarked an Irishman the other day. WHEN Sir Frederick Sargood goes on tour shortly he intends to travel through Japan. Need less to say, Lady Sargood goes with him. AllDIT-COMMtSHIONtK Al>TH\JK MORRAH is the son of a doctor, and lias seen 44 years' service under tbe Yietorian Government. Although now 64, he is exempt from the retirement regulation, and may continue in harness yet ahother decade. IT is is said that the Cambrian Society of Melbourne is petitioning to have the Welsh language recognised as " one of the foreign languages" in which telegrams can be sent from the Telegraph Office." Why " foreign," though ? surely. The Melbourne Welsh had a telegram in their own tongue sent to them from Coolgardie on St. David's Day : they were not allowed to send one back—the Melbourne office was not equal to it. Suppose the case had been that the message to be sent was in the Irish tongue: What would Mr. Duffy have said then, in case of a refusal ? Some official should be called upon to eat the leek in this matter. ONE citizen, determined to be impartial on the 17th March, stayed in doors because he was suffering from yellow jaundice and gangrene. He thought his maladies might create party strife. Crrr ORGANIST DAVID LEE was deputy-organist of Armagh Cathedral at the age of twelve. He 1 becam f a , bank clei ' k > tut soon tuM^SfJadgers and went back to his old love. He art-ived~in MeLboiirne during 1864, and is now a festive, juvenile of o8, but manages to keep on looking yeay^ younger. AT,the farewell given to the Bishop of Sydney oh Satwd^, the.Mayor expressed the hope that Dr. Saumawz Bnlith would benefit intellectually from his -contact with the church dignitaries whom he would meet at the Lambeth Convention." Tliis is the sort of back-handed wish in which the critics as well as the friends of the Bishop may join! YETEBAN SCENIC ARTIST JOHN HENNING> is the Australian " father " in his line of art. It was he who painted the Royal drop-scene, "Thespians leaving Deserted Greece," which the Age the other day located at the Bijou. The scene was familiar in Melbourne before the first Bijou was even built, and old playgoers were sorry to see it relegated to the lumber-room. SOME of South Australia's Convention delegates are on " war to the knife " terms. Q.C. hates the very sight of Premier Kingston and as for Legislative Council President Baker, well, he would like to tickle the genial Charles with redhot irons. Unless Kingston can squelch him, Symon will be a disagreeable pickle at the Convention. SIB EDWARD BRADDON, the Premier of Tasmania, when in England, will devote the most of his time to pushing several of the tight little island's industries. Between the demonstration functions he will talk about the merits of Tasmanian wood pavement and the big possibilities of its auriferous deposits. But not a word about tin. That's a tabooed subject with Braddon. J. J. SHILLINGLAW, who founded the Sailors' Home, and thereby earned the sob) iquet of " the sailors' friend," spends his leisure in the study of art, in which he is a connoisseur. He created a sensation during the 1887-8 Exhibition by exposing a collection of allegedly genuine portrait paintings of Australian pioneers as spurious. This act just prevented the completion of negotiations in progress for their local purchase. MB. WILFRED SHINE is to have a ben. at the Bijou this afternoon, prior to his departure for London, and a smart programme is promised. Mr. Shine has not had luck in Melbourne; he landed here with the "Morocco JBounders," and opened at the Bijou. Something very like a hoarfrost struck that unfortunate company, and the ^ K ^ f A of the world. These are some reasons why the public should put in an appearance, but the most potent reason lies in the fact that patrons will get much more than their money's worth out of the programme. 8 ^ THE question of limiting the tenure of the University professors has cropped up again; but the council cannot agree with the senate, and the senate is at variance with the council, and so things remain as they were. But why all this extraordinary anxiety about antiquated professore ? How is it the council is so distressed at tbe thought of the University being saddled with back-date professors when the whole institution is a back number, and about as nearly abreast of modern requirements as an old stage coach would be, or as the bone- shaker velocipede of 1850 ? No doubt the University turns out a few young men stocked full of learning, but the pity is that it does not also turn out a good number fully equipped to make the most of our industries. What Victoria wants is intelligent and educated men in the vineyard, the wheat field, the dairy and about the gold mines; and she has no means of turning these out ready for the fray. When she has learned the lesson Germany, Prance and Belgium can teach her, she may talk of whipping these countries in the Home market. THROUGH ALMOND EYES. [As the Emperor of China has fined Li Hung Chang a year's pay, that gentleman, with the craft of the Heathen Chinee, determined to cease work for twelve months. He is at present in Melbourne, incog., of course, and we are fortunate enough to be able to give through an interpreter his - • views on different - local - - institutions.] - • - A BUSY AUTOCLAT. IT is a difficult task—oh ! welly difficult—to asseltain how glate countlees are leally govelued. There is in ninety-nine cases out of a hundled some power behind the thlone, some mastle mind that dilects the opelations of the ostensible loolers of the countlee. Take, f'linstance, the glate Queen of England—welly nicee woman, welly nicee Queen, oh, welly ni'—but she is only the looler of the Blitish Empile in name. Her constitutional Blitisli anr' lesponsible advisals are the actual and legulah bosses, the lingmasters of the whole blooming cilcus—and don't you floget it! As my Emplah may some day want to take possession of Victolia, I think it as well that I find out who is the leal boss of the show—not a figgle-head like Missa Lord Blassey nor a mandalin like Missa Slur George Tunnel, who nods apploval whenever he is dilected to do so. 1 ask Missa Slur George who is the leal ma.stle of the countlee and he leply: " Why, Missa David Syme, to be sure. Ask me something harder next time." Then I go up to Govlement House and put the same quely to" Missa Lord Blassey. " Nominally," say Missa Lord Blassey, " my lesponsible advisals who confel with me on behalf of Her Glacious Majesty, but leally the boss is the gentleman who tells them what they are to tell me to do. That is lesponsible Govelment, John." " Then," I say, " I undlestand tliat lesponsible Grovelment—" " Govelment, John," he collected me. " All li—Govelment, Adolplius," I. say because he wollies me by always calling me John ; " it seems that lesponsible Govelment means Govelment by Missa David Syme." "Hum—ha —" say Blassey, "Her Glacious Majesty's leplesentative mentions no names " " All li, old cock," I lejily with a wink of my otlile eye ; " I tumble to the stlaight gliffin." Then, to make assulance doubly sure, I inquile fiom Conselvativesjfloni Libelals and flom Ladicals, flom money- glubbers and flom wucliee-men, and all say plecisely the same thing—" David Syme! David Syme!" " There was a time," adds Missa 'Tlenwitiv, tlie memble for Liclunond, "when., bowed down befo' King Wuckee'-Man as Monfiilk,' but the dynasty is changed aud iting Dayid leighs supleme." \ ' This glows intlesting. and I go to seeding David, the autoclat, upon his thlone:' His thlofie is the Age office, and when I am uslield mto. Ma he" bends his beetling blows upon V t o ^ says- Mo yellow agony. Well, John, I suppose that you have been fined for washing and iloning duling plobibited hours. I can't do anything for you— you should obey my laws. You must pay the fine or else take it out." " You are blacking up the long tlee, David," I smilingly leply, " I'm not a washee-washee John, but Li Hung Chang—glate Chinaman." " Glad to see you, Li—gladder to see you, Hung —sit down, Chang," say King David, unbeetling his blows and allowing his lips to lelax in a smile, " What can I do for you ?" When I explain that I only want to find out if it is tloo that he is the boss, he smile and say:— " If you can spale an hour and lemain here you can judge for yourself." . Just then a loud ling comes to the telephone and His Majesty go to the instlument, beckoning me to glab hold of the other earpipe I hear this convelsation:— " Is that Missa Syme ? Yes—oh, tlie Plemier is Bpeaking. Duffy has asked me to let him go away to AmeHca, and I said that I would see what you said about it." King David leplies:—" Duffy's always wanting to get away somewhere; one would think I paid him solely to keep on globe-tlotting. He has only just returned from a holiday, and now he wants to be off again. Well, as he won't be much loss to liie, and as I like an Ilishman's loom bettle than his company, I suppose lie can go—but tell him this must not occur again." " Welly good, sir. Good-bye—" Plemier lings off. " You see," says King David, " liow I am—well, what is it ?" This lattle lemark was addlessed to the Celbelus who watched that no intludels bloke in upon the plivaey of the King. A welly necesaly plecaution when a king is so much lun aftle as David is. " A deputation flom the Tlades Hall leplesenting the Amalgamated Lemon-squeezers' Association." " They may apploach the plesenee," say David legally, with a knowing wink at me as he beetled his eye blows once mo', and the Lemon-squeezers humbly entled the glate mane plesenee. " Yo' Majesty," say the lingleader, with bated bleath and whispeling humbleness, " our society desiles, with yo' pelmission, of course, to initiate the glolious plinciple of the maximum wage and the minimum wuck into this .flee countlee. I may dlaw yo' attention lespectfully to the fact that the Lemon-squeezers were the pioneers of the minimum wuck movement, and that the other tlades quickly followed suit. We desile to extend the plinciple of the minimum of work and combine with it the doctline of the maximum of pay." " The idea is not a new one," says King David. •' All the societies affiliated to my Tlades Hall have haa it in activeplactice fo' some time past, I believe. Is it not so, minion ?" The lingleader of the Lemon-squeezers' Association bowed down low as he anseld the King. "It lias been the plactice, but we desile to have it initialised by you and legalised by your servants iu Pallyment assembled. Mr. Tlenwith says—" " Blow Tlenwith !" exclaims the King, anglily; " he must say what I dilect him to say. I don't ant to listen to the opinions of my vassals. lactically they have no opinions—I find those. will think your lequest over, and when I have ecided I will instluct the Tlades Hall Council what to do in the matter. This intleview must now cease. Clea' out." Then bowing and backing out the Amalgamated Lemons squeezed themselves out of the loom. No sooner had the Amalgamated Lemons gone than the Loyal Olaaigemen came in to ask King David to plohibit the St. Patlick's Daisies flom marcliing in plocession tloo the stlcets. Then came the commelcial public asking the King to take the management of the Telephone Service into his own hands; masculine women and feminine men came beseeching the King to dlaw his good sword A ge and smite all who objected to women in Pallyment; publicans crowded in to ask him in his mussy to amend the lickle laws, and teetotal lees followed playing that the king would have all publicans sinners slain and thlown in the furnace. The deputations came so thick and fast that the Monalk had not time to go out to lunch, but had to content himself with, a biscuit and a hulliedly-swallowed cup of Fly's Cocoa. He could not call a moment his own, for suitors lushed liim flom all sides claiming his clemency or lequesting his favol and the suppo't of his paper— " Wondelful man, wondelful countlee," I say as I take my walkee-ticket. " Tlooly, there is but one King David Syme, and the Age is his plofit." I. have made notes for my Emplah. When I get back to China, if my Emplah does not taKe my advice, I shall be the Boss of the Empile. / s shall lun a Chinee Age and 7 shall be the Chinese Syme, the Autoclat of the Celestial Lace. MB. SYLVANUS ANGUS figures in this week's obituary. It is long since he was the best known amateur basso in Melbourne, always welcome at the Philharmonic and Liedertafels. His voice lasted well. THE Salvationists, more power to their elbows, rip along. Are they going to buy Melbourne city ? The Model Lodginghouse drops into their capacious maw, with their extraordinary and inexplicable financial resources. Surely the churches must bo in error, whining to the rich. Why not go for the working-class, like the Salvation Army F Charity evidently grows colder with the advance of the power to be charitable, generous, or whatever else is needed, to replace the odious church apparatus of bazaars, and the like, which the Army does without. 