Early Hawkesbury Records. [COMPILED BY YELDAP.] THE FEDERAL CITY. DAVID COLLINS. Judge Advocate and Secretary jn N.S.W., in his well-known and valuable work, " Account of the English colony in New South Wales," published in 1798, gives the following opinion of the future importance of the Hawkes bury District, which will be read with particular interest by its present residents, especially as over 100 years have elapsed since Collins made the re markable statement in 1787. He says:-" Letters have been received from New South Wales, dated about six weeks after the author (Collins) sailed from that colony (Collins sailed in the Britannia, September, 1796). . . . The Governor (Hunter) was on the point of visiting Portland Head, some high land on the banks of the Haw kesbury, where he proposed establishng a settle ment. Had that river (Hawkesbury) and its fertile banks been discovered before the establishment at Sydney Cove had proceeded too far to remove it, how eligible a place would it have been for the principal settlement. A navigable river possesses many advantages that are unknown in other situa tions. Much benefit, however, was to be derived from this, even as an inferior settlement. Its ex treme fertility would always insure a certain supply of grain ; and the settlers on its banks must pro duce a quantity equal to the consumption of the civil and military, and of their own families: and thus while rendering a service to the State, they might in time become opulent farmers. Yet our pity is excited, when it is considered that they are of so unworthy a description, as has clearly been shown in the preceding narrative. That a river, justly termed the Nile of N.S.W., should fall into such hands is to be lamented. In process of time, however, their productive farms will have yielded them all that they aspire to, and may then fall into the possession of persons who will look be yond this mere gratification of the moment, and cause the settlements in New South Wales to stand as high in the public estimation as any colonies in His Majesty's dominions." Notwithstanding the sarcastic remarks recently made by the editor of the GAZETTE re the suggested site of the Federal Capital being selected at the Hawkesbury, no less an authority than David Collins, one of our earliest historians, considered the Hawkesbury should have been the Capital of Australia. Then why not build a modern Federal City on the banks of the noble stream. There is plenty of land available. HAWKESBURY RIVER AND BROKEN BAY ABORI GINAL LANGUAGE. EDWARD M. CURR, in his valuable work " The Australian Race," its origin, languages, customs, &c.;, &c.;, says:-"The following vocabulary was drawn up by Mr J Tuckerman, and forwarded to me by the Bench of Magistrates at Windsor. Some of its words agree with those of the Manning River languages. There is but one word for yesterday and to-morrow; and the phrase " I don't know" is rendered " not seen"-nukka, no doubt being derived from na. HAWKESBURY RIVER and BROKEN BAY. By J. Tuckerman, Esq. Uncle-kowan; aunt-murriki; cousin-nurria; demon-kooyar; clouds -yoora ; honey -kood jung; iguana-bungera; bear-koolewpng; bandi coot-binbeo ; hailstones- kooaibai; fog-koore bun; lightning-moomi; kangaroo-wollombawn; opossum- irrubel; emu-barebare ; black duck urina ; wood duck- nullaburra; laughing jackass \- kookundi ; white cockatoo - nooal; crow wottigan ; swan-mnnricone ; egg-kungiri; track of a foot-moori ; fish - marra ; lobster-wirra ; mosquito- choppin; fly-yulla ; snake butaeen ; the blacks-koori; a blackfellow-koori; a black woman-nukal; nose-nuburra; band-bugeele ; 2 blacks-boolla koori; 3 blacks-burrong koori; one-workul; two-boolaj three-burrong); father -bea ; mother-wyung; sister (elder)- nurreen ; brother (elder) parping ; a young man- woongara; an old man -narraki; an old woman-narronyan ; a baby-kootchikon ; a whiteman - bite bite ; children- turrongankal ; bead-kunibeen ; eye mek'uAg ; ear-binna ; mouth-kurraka ; teeth yerra; hair of the head-kewurra; beard- yarring; thunder-wortool; grass-dater; tongue-tulling; stomach-ukul; breast- nopping ; thigh-durra; foot-genna; bone -derree ; blood -koomurra ; skin-bukka ; fat -wommo; bowels - guanong ; excrement -guanong; war-spear -kummi reed spear-quarang; throwing-stick-woora wommera; shield-kooreal; tomahawk-mogo; canoe-nooia ; sun - bonnal; moon - kadang ; dead - tatta ; star- koolang; light-burrayang; dark-minni; clod- tuggera ; heat - woonul; day-burrea ; night-minni; fire - kooyoong ; water-bardo; smoke-kutchel; ground-burri; wind- wippe ; rain-wollong moo rakoo ; ghosts-buttong ; wood-wotti; stone-kibbar; yes-ni; no worripi worri; I-niya; you-ninde; bark toornung; ' bad - kootcar; sweet - kooturra ; food-kundoo : hungry -.dullee ; thirsty - tar rel ; eat- booda ; sleep-nahgri; come on-gooi. drink-woodra; walk-war re; see-na; sit- null awa ; yesterday-purrapeen ; to-day-yakkunda : to-morrow-purrapeen ; where are the blacks ? \- wirri koori ?; I don't know - worri nubba ; plenty-koora ; big-kawbawn ; little-narrang ; bye-and-by-nart. The Wonnarua language is more nearly related to that of the Hawkesbury than to any other. This tribe occupied the Hunter and all its tribu taries from within 10 miles of Maitland to the apex of the Liverpool Ranges, an area of about two thousand square miles. An old resident of that district estimates their number in 1841 at 500. In the Hawkesbury River and Brewarrina languages, yesterday and to-morrow are expressed by the same term, a not uncommon thing in our languages. Now that the Hawkesbury aboriginals have al most disappeared from our midst, thanks to civil ization and fire-water, it is most important that we should try and preserve some records of their almost extinct language, and it would be assisting future historians and others, if old residents of this district would send along the native names of any words or sentences not recorded here by Mr Tuckerman. It is noticeable that the Hawkes bury blacks did not know the laughing jackass as the kookaburra, but as kookundi, Tuggera trans lated means cold; could we interpret correctly Tuggerah Lakes as Cold Lakes. The circumstance that six millionaires are included in the McKinley Cabinet in the States should prove positively that the policy of McKinley and Co. is one that will benefit the Masses ! 