rally of local ttntoxs. An enthusiastic rally of local unions was held in the Town-hall in the evening. There was a very large attendance. Each union occupied spe cially appointed sections in the hall. From every point of view tho meeting was as successful as the most sanguine well-wishers of the cause could have auticipated. The decoration of the galleries etc., deserved every encomium, and the singing at the choral service, which began at 7 o'clock, argued good preparation, and gave much pleasure. The President, the Rev. P. J. Stephen, took the chair at the public meeting at 7.30. Resolutions were unanimously carried to the effect (1) that the .15,000 Christian Endeavourers ' of New South Wales declare their firih belief thai the recognition of Almighty God as the fountain of all law and authority should be inserted in the Constitution of the Australian Federal Com monwealth, and that this resolution should be signed on behalf of the Endeavourers and for warded to tbe Federal Convention at present sitting in Sydney; (2) that this meeting affirms the sanctity of the Christian Sabbath; and (3) that we express our antagonism to the liquor traffic and gambling, and pledge oufrselves to dis countenance them. Fraternal greetings were read from New Zea land, Victoria, South Australia, and -a number of country places in New South Wale. The Rev. F. E. Harry delivered an address on "Seeing Jesus Only." He said Jesus was in their midst just as the light which they were con scious of. He believed Jesus bad been with them during that convention, and he found great com fort in that thought, because there was, as a rule, great peril in these conventions, lest their thoughts should be carried to men and things, rather than to the Lord Jesus Christ. It was wonderful how slow people were to perceive the presence of Jesus Christ. Our ideals got lower ed through contact with worldly things; therefore it was well to coine and take a look upon Christ, and get a fresh vision of the Lord. The Lord was in their midst, but to see Film needed seeing eyes and the Holy Ghost. Let all look for Him, listen to Him, rest In Him. The Rev. John Walker delivered the Convention sermon. He would, he said, refer to the vision of Christ which was described in tbe Kith chapter or St. Matthew. The vision of Jesus was tlie greatest, and the most glorious, vision possible to man. There were multitudes in these Australian lands, who had never seen that vision, and there were many who had no'desire to see it. At the same time, there were many who had, and that night he was speaking to -1000 who were amongst this number. He' had attended great gatherings assembled to bless tbe name of Christ, and on these occasions he had felt that it would be a glorious thing to stay there for ever. But that could not he. The meetings had to break up. Work in this world was 'chiefly for work aud cross bearing if they wanted to follow Christ. Spiritual feasting was not good to be prolonged. They must work for Christ; if tbeywauted to be with Christ they must follow Him down from the Mount. Sydney, New South Wales, this Australian continent wanted them. Christ had called them the salt of the earth. Let them sweeten the life of this community — its domestic, civic, and political life. That was not a degrading effort to make. The preacher exhorted his hear ers to fresh efforts, and pointed out that most Christians failed through want of faith. The Rev. W. J. L. Closs, B.A., offered the con secration prayer. The meeting closed with what is known as the roll call of the local unions. This consists of the unions being called by the president, aud each in turn responding by one or more of the members reading several verses of Scripture, und all sing ing a verse or two of a hymn. 