Sermon. "Xove and I"—A Mystery. By Lite Rev. C. H. Spubgeok. i Ibave declared unto them Thy name, and : will declare it; that the love. wherewith Tlfou : liast loved 3Ie may be in them, and 1 in them.—' ; John xviL VG. i This is the last petition wliich'Our Lord |offers: "That the love wherewith Thou hast iloredHe may l>s in them, and I in them." :He reaches no greater height than this— namely, that people be filled with the Father's love. How could He rise higher ? For this is to he filled with all the fullness of God, since God 1b lore, and he that loreth God dwelleth in God and God in him. "What importance ought to attach to the grace of , love-! How highly we should esteem that | which Jesus makes the Crown Jewel of All 1 [ If we have faith, let us not be satisfied unless ! our faith worketh by love and purifieth the I soul. Let us not be content, indeed, until : the love of Christ ia t-heel abroad in our heart | by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us. ; I shall try to speak first upon the food of j love, or what lore lives upon: secondly, upon ! the lore itself—what kind of love it is; and,, thirdly, upon the companion of love. 1\. The food of love to God. "What is it ? It is knowledge. "I have made known to them Thy name, and will make it known." We cannot Jove a God whom we do not know; a measure of knowledge is needful to affection. However lorelv God may be, a mau blind of soul cannot perceive Him, and therefore is not touched by His loveliness. Only when the eyes are opened to behold the loveliness of God will the heart go out to wards God, who is so desirable an object for tho affections. Brethren, we must know in order to believe; wc must know in order to hope: and wc must especially know in order to love. Hence the great desirableness that you should know the Lord una His great love which passeth knowledge. You cannot reciprocate love which you have never known, even as a mau cannot derive strength from food which he has not eaten. Till first of all the love of God has come into your heart, and you have -been made a partaker of it, you cannot rejoice in it or return it. Therefore our Lord took care to feed His disciples' hearts upon the Father's name. He laboured to make the Father known to them. Tins is one of His great efforts with tbem, and lie is grieved when He sees their ignorance, and has to say to one of them, " Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known He,. . Philip ? He that bath seen 3Te hath seen tho Father; and how surest thou then. Show us the Father? " The knowledge here spoken of is a knowledge which Jesus gave them. "I have known Thee, and these'have known that'Thou hast sent He. And I have declared unto them Thy name, and will declare it.** Oh beloved, it is not knowledge that you and I pick up as a matter of book learning*, or even by listen ing to a sermon, that will ever bring out our love to the Father; it is knowledge iriven us by Christ through His Spirit. Jesus Said, O righteous Father, the world hath.not known -Thee,11 and yon and I would have been in the same condition—'Strangers to God, without God and without hope in the world—if the Spirit of God had not taken of divine things and applied them to our souls so that we are made to know them* Every living word of knowledge is the work of the living God. Jesus Christ alone can reveal the Father. He Himself said, " No man coraeth unto the Father but by ire." He that knows ■not Christ knows not the Father; but when Jesus Christ reveals Him, ab! then do we know Him after a special, personal, peculiar, inward knowledge. This knowledge brings ' with it a life and a love with which the soul is not puffed up, but built up. By such i knowledge we grow up into Him in all j things who is our Head, being taught of the ! Son of God. 2\. The Love itself. " I have declared unto ithem Thy name and will declare it; that the love wherewith Thou hast loved Me may be in them." Do notice that the prayer is not that the Father's love may be set upon them, or moved towards them. God does not love us because wc know Him, for He loved us before we knew Him, even as Paul speaks of "His great love wherewith He loved us, even when we were dead in tres passes and sins." Jesus has not come to set His Father's love upon the chosen. Oh, no; He did not even die with tliut object. for the Father's love was upon the chosen from everlasting. "The Father Himself loveth you" was always true. Christ didnot dio to make His Father loving, hut because His Father is loving: the atoning blood is the outflow of tho very heart of God towards us. So do not make any mistake. Our Lord speaks uot of the Divine love in itself, hut in us.' This is uot the eternal love of Gotl ■ towards us of which we are now reading, but" that love in us. And this love is of a very ! peculiar sort. Do let me read the verse again: " That the love wherewith Thou hast loved 3Ie may be in them." It is God's own love in us. The love of the Father towards Jesus springs up like a crystal fountain, and then the sparkliug drops fall and overflow, as you have seen the fountains do, and we arc the cups into which this overflowing love of God towards Christ Jesus flows, and flows till wetooarefnll. Theinwardlcvesomuehdesired for us by our Lord is no emoiiou of nature, no attachment proceeding from the. unre generate will, but it is the Father's love transplanted into the soil of these poor hearts, and becoming our love to Jesus, as we shall have to show in the neit point. But is not this a wonderful thing—that God's own love to Jesus should dwell in our hearts? Anil yet it is so. The love wherewith we lore . Christ, mark you, is God's love to Christ: " That the love wherewith Thou hast loved He mar he in them." AH true love, such as the father delights in and accepts at our hands, is notliiug but His own love streaming down from His own heart into onr renewed minds. But what can this mean P I must ask. you to observe that it includes within itself four precious things. First, the text means thifc our Lord Jesus Ohrist desires us' .to"have a -distinct recognition of the Father's love to Him. • He wants'' the lovo wherewith the Father loves Him to be felt in us, so that we may say, "Yes, I know the Father loved Him, for I, who am such a poor, unworthy, and fooHsh creature," yet lovo Him; and, oh; how His Father must love Him! " I love Him; ay, by His grace, it were a blessed thing to die for Him. But if I lovo Him, oh, how must His Father lovo Him, who can see His beauty, and can appreciate every distinct piece of loveliness that is in Hira! God never loved anything as He loves Christ, except His people, and they have had to be lifted up to that position by the love which the Father has to His Son. For, first and foremost, the Father and the Son are One; they ore One in essence. The Saviourhas been with the Father from the beginning, and His delight has been- with Hira, even as the Father testified, "This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased." Ob, do try to feel, if you can, the love of the Father to His Son, or else you will not love the Father ns you should for the amazing sacrifice which ho made in giving Jesus to us. Think what it eostHim to tear His well-beloved from Sis bosom and send Him down below to be "despised and rejected!" Think what it cost Him to nail-Him up to yonder cross,'and then forsake Him and hide His fuce from Him, because He had laid all our sins upon Him! Oil, the love He must have had to us thus to have made His Best-beloved to be come iv curse for us I us it is written, "Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree." I want you to get this right into vour souls, dear friends. Do not hold it as a "dry doctrine, - hut let it touch your heart. Let itfiowiutoyour heart like u boiling stream, till your whole souls become like Icelandic geysers, which boil and bubble up, and send their steam aloft into the clouds. Oh, to have the soul filled wjth the love of the Father towards Him who is altogether lovely! Our text bears a further reading. Remember that you are to have in your heart a sense of the Father's love to you, aud to recollect ihat it is precisely the same love wherewith He loves His Son. "That the love wherewith Thou hast loved Me may be in them." Oh, wonder of wonders'. I feel more Inclined to sit down and meditate upon it than to stand up and talk about it; the love wherewith He loved His Son—such is His love to air His .chosen ones. Can you believe it, that you-should be the object of God's delight, even as Christ is, because you 'ure in Christ: that you should be the object of the Father's love as. truly as Christ is, because He sees you to. bo .part and parcel'of the. mystical body of His well beloved SouF ' Do not tell me that God the Father does not love you as well as Ho does Christ; the point. can bo settled by the grandest matter of fact that ever was. When there was a choice between Christ and His people, which should die of the two, the Father freely delivered np His own Son that we might live through Him. Oh,.what a meeting there must hare been of the seas of love that day, when God's great love to us came rolling in like a glorious springtide, and His love to His Son came rolling iu at the same time! If-they had met and come into collision, wo cannot imagine the result; hut when they both took to rolling together in one mighty torrent, what a stream of love was there! The Lord Jesus sank that we might swim—He sank that we might rise; and now we arc borne onward for ever by the mighty sweep of infinite love into an everlasting blessedness which tongues and lips can never fully set forth. But now this goes to a third meaning, and that is, that we are to give buck a reflection of this love, aud to love Jesus as the Father loves Him. A dear old man, speaking to me i the other day in a rapturous tone, said, Jesus as the Father loves Him." This is true ; not " equally," but :e." Is uot this a blessed thought? 'like.* I said, " Oh friend, that is a strong thing to say!". "Ah," said he, "but not stronger than Jesus would have it when He prays i that the love wherewith Thou hast loved Me may be in them, and I in them.'" His people love Christ its the Father loves Him—! in the same way, though from want of capacity tliey cannot reach to the same im measurable force of love. Oh, to throw hack on Christ His Father's love! The father is the sun and we are the moon, hut the moon light is the same light as the sunlight. VVe can sec a" difference because reflec tion robs the light of much of its heat and its brilliance, hut it is the same light The moon has not a ray of light but what came from the sun; and wo have not a live coal of lore to Christ hut what came from tho Father, "We, as tho moon, shine by reflected light, but Jesus loves the tnoon ' light of our love, and rejoices in it. Let us give Him ail of it; let us try to he as the full moon always, and let us not dwindle down to a mere ring of love, or a crescent of affection; let tis render no half-moon love ; let us not be half dark and cold, hut let us shine on Christ with all the light- we can possibly reflect of Ilis bather's love, saying in our very soul— Ify Jesus, Ilovo Thee; I know Thou art For Thee all the follies of sin I resign." And then, fourthly, this love of the Father i us is to go beaming forth from us to all around. "When we get the love where with the Father lores tho Sou- into our hearts, then it is to go out towards all the chosen seed. He that lovetb Him that begat, ioveth also them that are begotten of Him. Ay, and your love is to go'forth to all tlic sons of men, secking^heir .goodfor God's glcry, that they may be brought in to know the same Saviour in whom we 'rejoice.-.. Ob, if the love of tho Father to Christ once enters into a man's soul, it will change him ;;ifc;will sway with him the .noblest 'passion; - it will make him a zealot for Christ; it will cast oat; his selfishness; it will change-Urn into tho image of Christ, and fit him to\dwelliiL heaven, where love is perfected. 3\. The companion of love. "I in them." Look at the text a minute, arid jnst. cntcBr those, two words. Here .are "love".and "I"—love and Christ come together. 0&,7 blessed guests!- " Love and I," says Christ;. as if He felt He never had a companion that suited Him better. • " Lovo'Vimd Jesus is ever at home where love is reigning.";' When love lives in His people's hearts, Jesus" lives there too. We are sure , of this, for, first, • where there is love there is life,' and where there is life there is Christ, forHoHim^ self says, • " X am tho Lifo." Again, where there is the love of God in the heart, there, is the Holy Spirit; but wherever'tire Holy. Spirit is, there is Christ, for the Holy Spirit is_ Christ's representative. Ay, but ' where" there is the Father's lovo toward Christ in. the heart, God Himself is there. I: am :surc of that, for God is love. So, if .there.is. love within us, there must be Gcd; and where. God is,-there Christ is, for He sairh, "I and: My bather are one." What a-blessed sense': of. power this gives to us! " I in thenu'r There is no more "I" in weakness, but since} Jesus dwells in me, u I can do all things: through Christ that etrcngtheneth me.V v.-,,£ in them." It is tho glory of the believer, that Christ dwells in him. "Unto'yon that believe He is precious." X leave the", subject" with you. Go home and live in the power of this blessed text. • 