THE HAUNTED BRIDGE. V*^ ILRISTMAS evening. Marcus mid ./Qj I stood, on the rail which divided 4\. tho cow's stall from the hay loft. ^^^-''SjWe wore just tidying ourselves ] -after a jolly dust bath— in 'which I had lot Marcus do most of the scratching — when a frightened cry from some silly . chickens culled my attention to the door of the shod and to the two figures standing there. They wore Farmer and Mrs. Smith. Mrs. Smith was looking rather annoyed ; and Mr. Smith was saying apologetically : 'It was thoughtless of mo to send all the young roosters to market, Bess ; but you koo [ didn't know that Lucy's young man was going to stay a few days ; and I thought tho goeso would he enough for us. I don't think there's anything young onough loft in tho yard now, except Soil's pair of «am-v — Marcus and Mcrcia she calls 'em, doesn't she 1' ' Yes,' said Mrs. Smith, ' as if Morcia ?wore a tit name for that spitoful little hen ! She's far more bold and savago than tho rooster, and ho is a groat fighter. I'm afraid wo shall have to kill them, Tom ; though thoy aro a well bred pair, and I don't know whatever Nell will say.' 'Don't tell her till it's nil over, and too late to innko a fuss,' said tho farmer, as ho turned away with his wife. 1 gavo myself a shako — not altogether to get the dust out of my wings, but to see if I could wake up and find it will a bad ?dream. - But no : It was reality ! I had heard tlioso dreadful people pronounce the duath sontoncoupon myself and Marcus. 1 looked at Marcus, to seo if ho had un derstood, but ho had not. With his usual stupidity he was making eyes at a fat, dumpy old brahma lion, who was tolling everybody that she had laid an egg, — as if that were anything ! 1 coughed scornfully as I remembered tho pretty picturo I had made of her on tho day of our lirst introduction, and I offered to havo anothor round with her ; but sho was not game. Sho was twice my sixo too. I hoard a rustling on tho hay loft. A rough mop of red hair appeared above it, followed by a pair of angry blue eyes, a tlushod faces nnd lastly a little figure in a torn pink dress. This was Noll. '' Lucky job I stayed up there for a snooze, and a luckier job I woke up in time to hear Dad's lifctlo schomo,' sho said, as sho rolled over the hay and slipped to the ground. ' So they'll kill you for Lucy's Johnnie, will thoy, chucks ??' Noll's lip otirlod scorn fully. ' What's he, better than ordinary people, I'd liko to know ! Ho won't eat any of my fowls, I'll promise him. To think of my beauties figuring on tho dinnor table!' Nell ran off, to find a way of ' doing ' thorn, sho said, and I put tho matter so plainly to Marcus that at last ho under stood. Of courso'ho was justly indignant, and protested so loudly that sovoral lions camo up to listen. Then I felt bettor, and spent tho rest of tho afternoon in taking tho cheek out of those hens who showed thoir joy too soon. W *!? *' IT Christmas Day. I have heard that that is seldom a happy time for poultry. Wo were not happy. Wo had spent such a night of fear that Marcus had not spirit left to answer tfio calls of other roosters in tho distance. Wo had gone to rest as usual tho night before, on the highest perch in tho poultry ;! houso'; and I was calmly sleeping when I hoard a murmured warning from Marcus. Quickly I lifted my head and saw Nell coining towards us in the moonlight ; mov ing ko silently and quickly that before I know where 1 was sho had Marcus under line arm and myself under tho other, and was running swiftly down the paddocks to the main country road, and to a bridge which spans a lvvvrow, but deep crock. Still keeping a linn hold on us, Nell .slipped down the sido of tlio road and under tho bridge. I was iu a dreadful fright, and was just opening my mouth to scream, when I was suddenly squeezed through a narrow open ing ; and then my logs were set free. That was a relief j and I gavo up tho thought of .screaming when I felt Marcus beside mo. After that thevo wiis wovo lifting and swinging and banging about ; thon, still ness in tho deep darkness of the shadow of tho bridge, until tho dawn broke, and .showed us tho strangeness of our prsition. Wo wero in a cngo that hud onco boon tho homo of a most rudo and violent cockatoo, mid wo wore suspended from the contro of Jho bridgo by a rope. It was an extremoly uncomfortable position. Every time wo moved tho cage would swing in a terrible manner, and show that there was nothing beneath us but the water. What a Christmas Day ! The heat was intense ; and although wo wore in tho shade wo felt it very much. We had plenty of corn in our cage, but Marcus had carolessly upset our littlo dish of water boforo noon and wo were left thirsting ; with all that water bolow us,—' so near, and yet so fir.' I thought it would never nnd. When at last the sun did go down tho air was still hot and stilling, and wo were panting in the darkness from heat and thirst. Sleep was impossible. Wo could not keep our mouths closed, and wo gave littlo cries of pain and ?solf-pity. Wero over mosquitoes so vicious ! Hark ! those footsteps aro more like Noll's than any wo havo hoard to-day. How quickly sho runs down the side in tho moonlight, and then under tho shadow of the bridge. She is trying to undo tho rope, I know. ' Botheration !' sho is saying, 'I shall never have it undono in timo.l No, here they are. ' Sho stood quite still, on a narrow ledge, over tho water, holding the half-undono ropo in her hand. Stops camo on to the bridgo. 'This is tho placo, Jack,' said tho voice of Lucy. ' Old Bill says tho sounds ho heard wero awful ; and ho never believed in ghosts boforo.' ' ' He must havo had too much beer to dinnor,' said Jack with a light laugh. 'You don't believe in ghosts, do you ? You aro not afraid, are you, darling ? ' 'No Jack, of course not, with you. Thero. is a story about this bridgo though. A young girl is said to havo boen; murdered here and thrown into tho wator,— in tho old clays of course — and her spirit wanders hero every Christmas night, moaning and crying. How strange that Bill should have heard sounds to-night ! Jack ! ! What was that!' ' ' O— ah — ' I panted under tho bridgo. 'O — augh — or — ' came in deep notes from Mitrcus' pai'chod throat. 'Jack! Wlmt can it bo?' cried Lucy's terrified voice. 'Oh, Jack, lot us go.' 'Don't, darling, don't bo so frightoned. There is something under tho bridge. If you will stay hero I will go clown and seo.' ' No, no ! don't loavo mo ' — 'Augh— ah — augh — ' panted Marcus and I in concort. ' Thoro it is again ! Jack, if you go down,— I will go with you,' sho added with desporato courage. I could just faintly soo Nell on her ledgo ; one hand stuffing hor mouth full of her white dress to smother hor laughter, and tho othor still holding tho rope. ' Slowly Jack helped tho trembling Lucy down tho sido. A cry loudor than over from Marcus caused hor to scroam agniti : ' Jack, thero is something ! I can seo somothing white.' Noll lot go the rope, mado a spring to got to tho deeper shadow across tho wator, lost her balance, and,' with a stilled scream, fell splash into tho wator. Moro spasmodic scroams from Lucy j another splash as Jack wont in after Noll ; and thou, to mako tho confusion greater, tho ropo gavo way as Noll lot it go and down camo Marcus and I and tho cago splash into tho water too. Then I think oven my strong norvos gavo way and I fainted. * * # * Boxing Day morning. Marcus and I stood on our old porch near tho hay loft. Marcus was looking vory dejected and be draggled— (I'm sure I'vo heard that word, and it just suits)— but ho crowed vory loudly ovory two minutes to lot tho others know ho was thero. I had almost succeedod in making myself tidy again, when Nell and Jack camo in together. - - ' It is vory kind of you to give mo your f.ivoritos for a wedding prosent, Noll,' ho was saying. ' I'll take care of them cor tainly ; and promiso never to oat thorn. ' ' Well, you see, you wovo such a trump to risk your best clothes to haul mo out ot tho water. I might havo boon drowned,' said Noll, with a sido glanco at her future brother. 'To say nothing of Marcus and Morcia, who wero nearly drowned too. TlmuUs again for them ; thoy are too good to oat,' ho said, as ho wont out to answer a call from Lucy. Nell looked at us rather sorrowfully fora minuto ; then sho said slowly : 'I'm awful sorry to part with you, old chucks, but you soo I had to do it, to savo you from figuring at the wedding breakfast.1 CHARMIAN LEA. 