The Vice of Intemperance. On Sunday evening last, at S<. Nicholas' Cburcb, Penrith, the R»v. J. Sheridan, P.P., prcaciied on the above subject, taking f -r Jifs text: " Be not drunk with wine wherein is luxury, but bo filled with the holy spirit," Ephcsians V. Chapter, 18 Verse, The Eev. gentleman said: These words, dearly belnved, vere addressed by St. Paul lb the people of Ephesus, over whom ho exercised jurisdic tion. Ho was moat anxious about their sal vation. Ho wrote letters to (hem from foreign couutries in which he explained- the most profound mysteries of our holy faith, and at the same time cautioned them against many dangers, that if not guarded against, would .provoyinjurious and destructive to their immortal souls. Among these many dangers be specially mentions that'of drunk-, ennesa, which is the parent of impurity, and which must be avoided if they' expect to re main 111 God's grace, and to preserve their eouls 83 liviug temples of the Holy Ghost. "B&.notdrunk,"he says,''with wine;wherein is luxury, but bo filled with the Holy Spirit." This vice of intemperance,or drunkenness is frequently denounced and'reprobated in tb'e Holy Scriptures. It is one of those crimes tliatsimts out and bolts the gates of Heaven against all without exception,; who'jbacome its victims, " Neither . fornicator,,. uor adulterers, nor drunkardB, shall ovor enter the Kiugdoiu of Heaven," says St. Paul to. (he Corinthians. " Take heed," spid, our blessed Lord, lest your heart be overcharged with surfeiting and drunkenness, and "thaf (be day of death come upon you suddenly." Luko 21, 84. In tt-e.ating' this subjectfl do; not consider that 'anything-1 amV |6i^g 'to: say will be new to you. The evil effects and. unhappy consequences of intemperance in oar day are so common as ta be looked upoii with feelings of1 'very*^little,'isikprise'••'or concern. Ia the present discourse the in temperate man may contemplate the iideousness and ,enormity gf,. his,v prime,, wlnlfltat the same' time';' the'tempeVat'G'aiah'-' will receive encouragement to/proceed on his present course'and avoid'Iwilli 'greaJer^care® that abyss of misery and wrptchednessinto which others have fallen. Now, of ail the vices to which human'iiature is pronei'there" isiwneJo'i.degradiBg't^.thljlignity, of n|an; as that of intemperance or drunkenness! Mania formed by nature, to-bearjordiuthis, forld, exercising authority over all animated |nd-inanimate creatures. . Ho is endowed Vlth powers by which lie is enabled to Know and love and dontemgjaie^his Creator. ■ He, is made one of-God's 6wn-6b*iidren,--aiid as" a" child ho is told to > address and speak familiarly to.Him as bis father.;*. Ho.'is not formed like other creatures, to live:hero for a time, tlieti die and:8ink into.the earth and return to his original !nothingiiess;: No !t duo is gifted with ; a ebul-^aii . immortal' lotil, a Spirit whioli is : the breath ot ,God the future destiny of-which is:to.be4fnr ever' issooiated with angelic spirits; .to live face to face with the great Eternal, and enjoy; unspeakable happiness in a boundless ocean! j|delights. " Thou bast made, him a littlq less than the angels." says;H61y.King David/ 'Thou hast crownedHim with glory' and bonor, and set him over the. work's of thy. lands, thou hast subjected-all things under iisfeet, all sbeop and oxen, the beasts of Ijie field, the birds of the' air? and fishes- of he sea," Seeing then' the glorious dignity if tar nature, what'shalFweithiu.k "of; the! nan, "who,.being thus exalted far .above all treated things, and raised' to a'state which ib "little less than that of'angels." *;'■ Wliat; hay, aball.we think of Him, who,; instend pfsecuring bis glorious-destiny, instead of legpising all earthly and' perishable things; legrades himself for the pleasure of a ioment bo far as to forfeib'all hia privileges, mdlower himself even: below: the levelof he brute. For in the drunkard'-we see' no lacei of the master 'of (created things;; no. race of him who Jis,' ''to rule the ilante and .animals, ! the (-birds , of 1» air, and fishes.^ of: Ihej'.jsea.'' Joi lie ib no longer the contemplator of omnipotence—tho beloved of God or intended sompanion of saints and angels ;, no,- for 'his te&Bon; is gone, he is besotted, and he knows ibtwhoho is, where he is, or what.,he. is, ; lie powers of his soul are overwhelmed .and istranged from him so that lie no longer , stains the mastery of anyone of its faculties. Je cannot provide'for'hiCbwh';safe"ty7;< he; lannot.distinguish danger from.security ;-he iwnot extricate himself from; the smallest uppity, and, from being an object of com tonoy before- the Court of Heaven, lie becomes the scorn of his. fellow'-oreatures, ffli an objeot of mookery an'cl' ridicule, even o tht deyils themselves. Be'is.guilty :of .a' treviouB sin against nature ; i hei 'slns; grevi •Hflly against religion; he -sinsj greviously igaiDBk himaelf and against1 his-: family ; lie rains his bodyhe corrupta.his eoulv and tbanges the image of God. inta the likeness if the brute. Look at that drunken! man »bo is made after God's image as-he steps win irom tlie botol where bo has tuddo his mmortal soul ;'a"victim and sacraficed it on be altar of dmnkenness-rras he 'steps,,forth torn that house where bo lias left his reason, lis afflc'.ions/; au<l his freedom. ■ iiiook at lira, I etty,;aB;he reels forth.! senseless and: l^ancbccl,; unable to conceive; an^ other; kroght or express any other idea than aomej iliockibg oath—or outrageous' bliiBphemy tgainat the God who created him,..or Sou of H'fflio redeemed him. . Ho cannot walk »eoannot stand ho cauuo't guide himself-; (6 has; lost his freedom a»id;'his Jwill'* He 'is lot a man; be is a stauding.'reproach' to umamty,' and in this>, Boriseless .state; lie loggers along the street, his feet.are totter. and unable any longer to "support his ^Ji lio .sinks' to the ground!'and , often fwlqwfl in the mire where the: doga will was and look at him, smeil invQ.'and go tbeir way. They can'walWy but ho cannot wyoan flud thou* way borne, but lie, made titer God's imago, cannot. He ia inovo do than tbo brute. But'does he still S* tbo image of God ? No,' for hS ha&" lost ill..tlia fucuHies of bis bquI,memory, ,un Mlaridingatid will, whiolilikened himtohis wealor, •: He is-perbap^ & huBband; and his P°°t wife in sorrow at home awaits Jais fHatn.' Night 'passes awayi'. the", tapsobrii W are closed, and aU animated; nature rest, but still he doesiuot return, we ponders over the many accidents she has known, and the sudden deaths tiiat haye occurred fhrong/i Jiink, and- thatperhaps it riii»h( h^i liie eitfo'also"; but such thoughts are too lu-art rending, and she again flatffirs herself ih/it as hi; lias so olten rntnrnec] before so ho will now. Often trembling and cold she will rise and open the door and look out into the dark night in a state of frenzy, talking to herself and longing' for her hus band to come home. Thi!-anxious moment comes at last.. She hears and knows that unsteady step, she flies to tho door, and there ho is sure enough, the same husband I that promisee!"her fidelity before God's altar; the same for whose sake she sacraficed all that was near and dear to her in this world ; the same who pledged himself 011 the wedd ing day beforo the choirs of angels' and .the Oourt of Heaven, that he would lovoand respect, her and: remain faithful to ;her through life. Yes, there he stands without any reason, his manhood degraded and his noble'nature completely changed.-He stamps about the room and swears by the holy.name of God or Jesus Christ that he will, not be dictated to by any- living being—man or woman. Ho smashes furniture, even per haps doors and windows, whilst'she, poor unhappy ' woman, God - pity. her, tries to calm his rago by soTt and tender words, in return .* for which he gives that heavy blow, that .brutal kick, at which the, very angels , of Heaven shroud their faces, and men of honor here below must hang- thoir ' heads for shame. No longer does he remember all the kmd acts she has done for him, or the sacrifices she has made for him. , . No longer does he remember how, that woman,' in; her youth, modesty jtind f beauty, ♦placed / her i virgin hands in bis 11 before ' God's1' altar, and swore away to him her . young heart and young love.! No longer does he remem ber, bow she, bound viup. wUh him ..all. the dream's site (ivbr had'of ^oys'aij'd ' happiness in this world. No longer does be.remember the day she said to him: "Next to God, iandiuTteiv God, J ;\villi;*givothee 'my., heart, and' idve 'tlieei an/l •"''thee" alone;"''^'A'liT no ^vonde.r^ St. ^Baulv dpblar^d/that, drunkards shftll neVer ent'er-tlie'Kingdom of Heaven. No wonder the Holy Spirit of God declared, through the Jips of the prophet fsaias, that lib would make/them dr/iiilc (fci|l tliey,,-fal]' asleep and, sleSp that eternal Asleep Jthat! knows .no waking—that theyshould die as they lived,- they'should diei itutbeir sins. Who bath woo ? says the wise man ; " Who-lmth contentions ? or falls into pits or inflicts wounds^ without^ cause ? Surely no "oth£r th'atulheyi,' who'pass' their time in ' wineT ' When that "wiije ShinGth" in"tbe'glaas it goes inpleasantly,- but in the end it will bite like as snako;and spread poison, liko a •basilisk." " I 'have written to'ySu'i'^'says St. I|uul to the Oorintbiansr " not- to keep company witlv any drunkard, or sit and eat' with him, for such an;evil you must put •away from amongst you. Again, the works of the flesh are manifest, which are fornication, immodesty,' drunkenness, and such like, of which I told you in times. past that they .who do such things shall not possess the Kingdom of God." . Some people fancy to themselves,-and labor under; the false and erronoiis; notion, that- little stimulants, are necessary to keep.'their strength up. They feel 'they cannot well get through: tbeir business without some little imbibing at intervals, and thus, little by - httle, ;tbo habit is contracted* But the late Sir William Gull, one , of England's most famous "physician', answers this imaginary necessity, by Baying that nature has made, sufficient provision againgt all such imagin'ary;eic'us6s foV drink; by .composing our bodies of about '90 per cent, - of wator ; whilst,'another famous physioian, (jpeatiug of the same subjeob, reprobates and deuounceS'the folly of 'those "who lake more'' drink into" their system thanis ^barely necessary 'for .the support of. life, and he.adds that.a person 11 stone weight" is composed'of 8 stone of watei;, thereby clearly showing the; absurdity of drinking, in such ' quantities as, is, practiced am'ongst ~'ub; Dr. -Parkes,-- another ^'dia tinguished. .physician, in a lecture ou • the use,,and ,dangers of.fermented andspirituous drinks, .says,.'that','the.^laygeat.quantity'of alcohol that can bo taken,:, insido; of ' 24 hbursi without eyidont . ill effects,- is an ourioe'v.and' a lialf j arid .wG' have it on the highest authority, and know from chemical -analysis,*~that theve jare,^1,9 ounces' of 1 alcohol'in op6 pint of ruin jv.there are 10 J" 'ouijo«&^l6bK61*''*in'"'''''"6niB'' "^iii t5'" cif^whlsky* or brandy,; four ounces of alcohol in a pijit of port* or'sherry, and three ounoes in a pint of of champagne. ,vSir W. Gull' ^gain saysj:, " I know no greater oause of disease than aldohol ;; it is! a : moBt deletoroiis poison," ,Di\'Noriiiap Kerr Bays alcohol vitiates the blood/inflames the stomaoh, overtaxes the^ : heart, hardens. the." |iyer),Va'rid softens the" brain. To these declarations we may add tho testimony of no • less * than iJOOO of the' leading English physioians and - sur geons, .who assort,' and subscribeto the statement,,,that a large proportion of-human misery, . poverty, diseasoj/and orirad-r is inducecl jjy ulc'Ohblic'and foiniouted? drinks, and thattotal, abatinonce ;would tgreatly contribute :to the lioaltii, prosperity,-morality and happiness of the^ human race. '. Speak ing of total abstinence lot /me\ staite ' that, although every % being , ■■ is'rbound by- •' the ' law of. . temporauco as one .of, the four cardinal or fundamental virtues —Prudence, Justice', Tempprauco,-aud For titude—still, wo have no law of Godimpos mg on all mankind the obligation of total ^abstinence. ' .The drunkard, however, and the tippler .are'bound by this'law so far as at jia liecessary to'the observauce5of the vir tue :of; temperance. "'/For ' him it becomes a matter of strict obligation, for. whilst ho continiies;. to . drink • a littlo,' the' temptation to; diunk imore.lwill be' too Btrpug^for bim. lie will go to the publicbouae, and so long as be frequents that occasion of sin, the pressure:; brought to beur on bim by evil companions will: Boon overcome;; bis best resolutions. For 'bim (lie total '■ abstinence pledge,\ with, tlie aid ol Divine grace, is Ibe only .efficacious.remedy to effeot a1 complete ] reformation1 of.i morals, aud a total'change of character. JA? partial pledge of tt-year or: tvvo, years is, as a rule; followed by-a beadv long plunge, into, drunkenness on the very day . the pledge expires.. That partially re formed drunkard during all tbat interval! 11 j tead of breaking off the evil habit and |c»t ^nding more punctually to prayer and (b i Sacraments, looks forward rather with a longing expectation to the day when he I wiy be once again free to indulge in his former course of intemperance. In perusing the medical statistics of Great Britain and Ireland I find (hat not less than 70,000 persous poison themselves every year by over-doses of alcohol—by taking drink to excess—and sink into a drunkard's grave. Yos, 70 000 persons guilty of slow suicide, of self murder, go forth every year from the British Isles alone to render an account of a mis-spent life before the Judgment Seat i of an all-knowing God. It is roughly calcu lated that there are in England alone at the present moment not less than one million of drunkards who are rushing head long into early graves, and close upon another million of occasional, not habitual, drunkards who will eventually swell the ranks of those whom they now behold with feelings of loathing and disgust. Father Tom Bourke, the famous Dominioan nrnacher. whom many of you may have known, and who only died a lew years ago, tells a story of a drunkard who oalled upon him immediately after a sermon in a certain town in England. He appeared a fine, healthy, robuBt fellow, bat unfortunately for many years had been a slave to drink. Some five' years before that he was worth £20,000. He began gradually to take a little and a little, having a glass with one and a drink with another until business began to fail. His wife, seeing poverty ooming, lost courage, began to fret, and fell into bad health. " I drank away," be said, " until I Equandertd all my money. My wife got broken-hearted, fell sick, and died. I was drunk during her illness, I was drunk at her dying bedside, and I was drunk when she died." " What, then, has become, of your sons?" said the priest. " Ah I they were only children. The eldest is only 18 yet, but they were both trans ported to Australia for some misconduct or other." " What about the girl, where is she?" "I gave her a good education," said he, "when I had the means. She came home to me a sweet and good girl at the age of 16. She would have been a great consolation to me, but J was drunk all the time." " But where is she now ?" " Ah 1 you ask me to tell you where she is. <( My daughter ! my daughter ; where iBshe? 0, great God of Heaven 1 She is on the streets to-night a prostitute," and saying this he turned off suddenly and went away as if he bad lost bis senses. The priest followed him, but he only replied, "Ob, no I Ob, no.! I left my child on the streets. I have broken her mother's heart, and gent her to the grave. I have sent my two sohb to perdition, and my only daughter to a living bell. Ab, no! There is no mercy for me!" Thus he went off, con tinued drinking until he died blaspheming God. Dearly beloved, what a lamentable consequence of givingjjway to the entreaties of false friends, who in the beginning invited that man to go and have a drink. Hnd be courageously refused them, then be might havo lived and died a happy man, surroun I ded by true and sincere friends and enriched with Gr <Vs choicest blessings. Drunkenness leads to iinj nrity, to quarrelling, and often to murder, aB \u know Irom experience of daily | life; from Holy Serpture, and the history of [ every age and every country. If we turn back the pages of the world's history some 8705,years, to the dayB of Lot, who, as we [.read in the 19th chapter of Gonesis, was specially saved from the general destruction of the wicked city of Sodom when it was consumed by fire and brimstone wbiob was rained down from heaven—we bave in that t boly man a terrible example of the effeots of drankenneBB. Notwithstanding tbat he .was miraculously preserved and rescued out of tbe midst of thousands of men and women when they were reduced to ashes in punislv meht for Bins of impurity—Notwithstanding that he was deemed worthy even to receive angels from Heaven and entertain them in his house ; still tbat man afterwards, through intemperance, vtas guilty of most abomin able crimes with tbopp who were his own ; flesh ppd blood, J repeat then tbat drunk enpess leads to impurity—tbe drunkard is an impure man. It leadBto quarrelling and to murder now, just the same as it did 2000 . years ago in tbe caBe of Alexander tbe Great, who, in a fit of drunkenness, murdered his very beBt friend, Plitus, who, only a Bhort time before, saved him from tbe. band of an assassin, from' an untimely death. Yes, drunkenness leads to impurity, Quarrelling, and every conceivable misfortune. Iremem ber being oalled to attend a siok man sjme 2Q years ago in Sydney. He waB dressed and sitting in an arm chair, of gentlemanly appearance but strongly nnder the influence of drink. 1 found that he carried on a drapery business in George-street some time before until he began to drink, lie drank all his money and njw he is here in poor lodg ings not able to pay his way. I spoke to him fqr some time, gave him the pledge, and be promised faithfully to abstain from auy more drink., That evening he was removed to the Infirmary and died just as he was entering the door, without having made his peace with God. I .will tell you of another sad case of a man who was at one time of Lis married life, a kind father and a good husband. He began to drink, he gave up the Sacraments, he negleotcd his Sunday's >mass,,he associated with companions who were fond of the public house. Time, after time his poor wife would go on her kneeB and beg of him, for God's Sake to give up the drink. He only replied by cursing and damning her. This arunken life he oontinued for several yearB, till at last he oame home one night ell but and covered in blood, after fighting with Bome tap-room companions. On seeing hia poor wife sitting up waiting for him, he yelled out at the top of his voice t " Why are you sitting up wasting that oan die, I suppose you want to tell the neigh bors all about me, if you don't go to bed this minute I'll kill you." The poor woman took courage ond tried to soften him down by kindly saying " You are hurt my dear, I will get a little Vinegar to bathe your face with it," " If you dont get to bed out of my sight I'll murdet you." Saying vthiB he: knocked her down and tramped on her,! then left the house. She. lay for a time insensible. - and unconscious, on the floor, bat died, soon afterwards. He disappeared and could not be found until tbe followiug night about 11 o'clock, when be returned. On entering the room be saw a corpse laid out. and a neighbour woman sit* ting close by. " Where is my wife," be j said, " There's your murdered wife," said, the poor woman. " Oh," he exclaimed, " My' God, my God, she is dead, she is dead, what have I done." He clinched his hainds —his Jips parted that all his teeth eoold be seen; he grew pale and fell fainting to tbe ground. His reason left bim, be raved as a lunatic, and it took six strong men to hold bim down. Tbe large iron key was pat be tween his teeth to prevent bim from chop- - ping off his tongne. His flesh Boon after wards grew parobed and dried up with burn ins fever. A dark riner encircled bis eyes. and his eytballa were red and bloodshot.. The priest arrived to offer him some spiritual consolation. " Yon are dying,,; I fear, and you must soon appear before the judgment seat of Godi Repent whilst you have time, and. God will have mercy and forgive you." " Don't talk to me of repentance," be sayB, " there is no •;> repentanoe for me—I am damned, I. am< damned for ever. Last night I saw my murdered wife standing by me and threat ening me. Sometimes she pointed her fingers to- the corner of the room, where I saw evil spirits from hell mocking me. They used to throng around my bed, and lean their horrid faces over me. I was tied and could not escape them. Tbey would grin and laugh, and tell me bow they would have me to-night, to- night in bell. No, no, no, there i« no mercy for ; me ; it is too late, too late, too late. Then he would appeal to those present to hide/ him from bis wife, whose ghost was haunt- < ing bim, " Don't yon see the devita around my beside, tbey want to take my soul to bell. See, see, Bee, the blue flames of bell are rising up all around me." It was just midnight and that drunkard was never < | more to Bee the morning dawn. The,town clock slowly Btruck 12, and that wretched man gave one terrible howl and died—pass ing from the darkneBB of midnight, to the never-ending darkness of hell. Suob was the sad death of that drunkard, and Buch is every drunkard's death who continues an intemperate life without repentanoe, for the Holy Glioat again repeats that no drunkard shall pass into the Kingdom of Heaven. The Evangelist, St. Luke, in the 16th chap, gives another awful aooount of the fate of a drunkard, who, be Bays, was elothedin purple and fins linen, and feasted sumptu ously every day. . This drpnkard and glutton, like all drunkards, was both oruel and bard-hearted, without any mercy, eym? patby, or compassion for the poor. He refused the crumbs of hia table to a poor beggar called Laaarus, who sat outside at bis gate. The. doga of the street as if to show their sympathy in contrast with the glutton's cruelty, came up and licked bis. sores. Tbat beggar die! in oourse of time, and be was taken dp into : Abraham's bosom in God's Kingdom. The rioh drunkard's last bour came. Hedied, but be was not taken np into Abraham's, bosom, for the Gospel says he was buried in . Hell, where he is even now and ever will be crying up from, the lowest depth of. those fire-bouud prison: "Ob, Abraham, have mercy ou one, and Bend Laxaras that he may dip his finger jin water to cool my tongue, for I am tormented in this flame*" Here remember his tongue is tormented and punished in a special manner for its in* temperance curaes, lies, detraction and blasphemy. Being denied tbat small consolation, be then begged Abraham. .. to go to bis father's house and warn his five . drunken brothers lest tbpy come into thai place of torments. Abraham replied," They have Mobgs and the prophets let them hear them." But he said. "No, bat if one went to them Irom the dead, they would do pen ance." Abraham said* "If they hear not MoseB and the, Prophets, neither will they, if one go to them from the dead." Ah, this is an. awful picture if the obduraoy; of the man's heart who is enslaved by the vioe of intemperance. It is aB much as. to say. ot the drunkard despise the admonitions of the; priest, if he remains deaf to all the, threats uttered by Almighty God in the Qoly Scrip tureBBgainstsinners, if he tiill not fee conver ted in the faoe oE all the solemn Biid repeated declarations of the Holy Spirit, that no drunkard ahould enter Heyaen. There is not the smallest hope or chance of hii re pentance, even if the miracle' . of raising tbe dead. to life for his oonversion wm done before his eyeB, (Tobe ooncludedin oornext). .j 