. f — Puzzling Ghost Story. scientific men 5AFFLSD. The Standard publishes the following story of alleged supernatural manifestations in \ French town, from its Paris correspondent " Yzeures, a picturesque little town in thelndrs et Loire, not far from Roche Posay and Font- gouibault, was, till recently, a place of which the existence was nnknowo even to most French, uien. It had no history, but it has now begon to obtain that perhaps inevitable notoriety at tached to the possession of a haunted honse. R is not. however, quite correct to call the dwel. ling in which the 'manifestations' occur a haunted house, for it is less the building than the family inhabiting it is haunted. Twenty years ago M. and Madame Sabourault, then a newly-married couple, who took up their resi dence at Poitiers, first witnessed the extraordi. nary phenomena which still occur a: their house. At Beurneau and Loudun, where they lived successively before coming to Yzenres, the? were the victims of the same persecutions, the phenomena sometimes ceasing for a while only to recommence with renewed intensity. In this case a girl of about 12 years of age, Mile, Renee Sabourault , seems to be tbe involuntary medium. In any case, it is she who is at the present time particularly persecuted. For in stance, when by chance she goes on a visit to friends or relations, the phenomena follow her to the place where she may temporarily reside. The manifestations which have accompanied M. and Madame Sabourault ever since their wed ding-day . have been very various. The dis. placement of objects has seldom occurred, bnt ViVTiSTTniT.T.V SHAPED PHANTOMS ! bare been seen more frequently, especially it> recent years by MMe. Renes, and still are, con- i stantly heard. At Yzenres a large number of i the inhabitants have beard the sounds, which ; they regard as supernatural , but such stories ; would scarcely merit any attention whatever if tliey had not been supported by more trust- | worthy testimony. M. Reymond Duplautier, a j barrister at Poitiers, having learned that one of his friends, M. Urbain, and severs! other persons living at Yzeures, had heard tbe unaccountable sounds, resolved to go with a few strong-nerved j friends to expose the fraud. They went to Yzeures four times — once in December, twice in January, and once in February. On each occasion il. Duplautier and Iris friends spent a night in the haunted house with the Sabourault family. They commenced by inspecting every | nook and corner, and then spent the night in | the bedrooms inhabited by the members of the ; Sabourault family, who were thus kept nnder i strict observation the whole time. Generally | lights were burning the whole night, bat when j that was not dene the Iatnp was lighted on tbe i first sound being heard. Tbe phenomena, | therefore, took place in full light. In a long detailed account of his four visits to Yzenres, M. R. Duplautier declares that on the first occa sion he and his friends heard six loud knocks on the stairs. The second night they spent nnder M- Sabourault's rrof was a little more interest ing- After half— past one o'clock in the morn- | ing a great deal of knocking occurred on the ! stairs, on the walls, and all aroond, some of the blows seeming to be struck in the air several ! metres above the roof of the beuse. Then came 1 scratching at a partition wall, followed by the noise of the" walking of a man in a garret above, and the pattebing of a foub-footbd animal. Immediately those unaccountable sounds were heard, M. Duplautier and his friends examined anew the rooms from which they seemed to issue, bnt eouin discover nothing which could have produced them. As soon as the door was opened the noise ceased, but began again im- j mediately it was closed after the inspection of the room. During the third night the manifes tations were very similar to those observed on the second. But on M. Dupiautier's fourth visit they were for the Poitiers barrister and iris friends yet more extraordinary. Some invisible hand, which from the sound miglic be nothing but bone, commenced knocking on a partition wall as early as ten o'clock in the evening. The questions put by M. Duplautier were invariably answered by three clear knocks and energetic scratcbings on the wall. After that five hours elapsed without anything extraordinary occur ring, but at three o'clock in the morning the wooden stairs were heard to creak and groan under the weight of a colossal though invisible being. Describing what occurred, M. Duplau tier sas: — 'We heard on each step of the stairs the noise of immense feet snuffie heavilv down one after 'he other till the last step was reached. During all the time the stairs, though they are new and strong, groaned and creaked. Then it was the tnrn of the partition wail se parating the passage from the rooms leading oat of it which was shaken by sndden and energe tic blows. With a light we locked about every, where. We searched the garret, tiie staircase, and the passage, which were absolutely empty. During the rest of the night distant knockings were beard. The blows seemed to be struck above the house.' M. Duplautier couclndes his communication with tiie remark that, though' what lie and his friends observed at Yzeures is insignificant compared with what the Sabour- , auh family witness constantly, it is sufficient to merit attention, as he regards it as simply impossible to be explained by natural causes ' or fraud." ! 