I'OKE-WAKA IMS OF DEATH- SOME REMARKABLE OASES. There is a very interesting paper on presentiments — suggested, of course, by the terrible Paris fire—in that staid and reliable periodical, the Journal del Oebatt. It is from the peu of M. Henri de Parville, than whom there is no greater authority on matters relating to hallucination, second' sight, obsession, and kindred subjects. First the fact is noted that Mme. Julie Garivet, one of the victims of the fire, had a clear presentiment of her death. When she bade her friends good-bye on the morning of the fatal day it was evident that she sever expected to see them aepin. She said that daring the night she had suffered from a fearful nightmare, and that she had dreamed of being burnt alive. Equally singular was the recent experience of a Parisian doctor. This gentleman was talking a walk one afternoon when suddenly the thought struck him that hiB house might catch fire daring bis absence. There was apparently no reason why any such accident should lake place; nevertheless, the doctor hurried home, and, sure enough, as he approached the dwelling he saw volumes of smoke pour- ing from one of the chimneys. Bashing in he found that the flue in the room adjoining his own had caught fire. Thanks to his presentiment, he was soon able to quench the flames. The Annales des Sciences Psychiques recounts two similar examples of exceptional value. President Lincoln, it says, had an unerring presentiment that be would be assassinated. During the night preceding his death he dreamed that he walked down a flight of stairs which were draped with black cloth. When he asked the cause of this mourning he was told that the President of the United States had been killed at the Opera House. He told Mrs Lincoln of his dream, and she begged him, but in vain, not to go to the theatre that evening. He smiled at her fear and went calmly out to meet his doom. The second story recalls the mysterious tragedy of Louis II. of Bavaria. This mad monarch threw himself into the Sternberg Lake, which surrounded his palace, and dragged down to death with him his physician, Dr von Gudden, who had plunged into the water in the hope of saving him. Now, a few days before his death, Von Gudden had dreamed that he was struggling in the water while vainly trying to save another man from drowning. He told his wife about the dream, and after hiB death she told the story to the Anthropological Society of Munich. Equally singular are the stories told about M. de Lerieolles. This gentleman was recently crossing a mountain at a little distance from his home when he suddenly received as it were, a severe shock which plunged him into the deepest melancholy. He felt as though he had been struck with a clenched fist, and for a few minutes his anguish was extreme. His first thought waB that some terrible calamity had happened to him or bis family, and that he would hear of it on hiB arrival at home. He was right. Hardly had he cieuued the threshold of bis home when he received a despatch announcing the death of hiB father. On another occasion M. de Lerizolles was travelling with his wife, and Bhe remarked one morning that she had not been asleep during the night, as she had constantly before her eyes her dear friend Mme. de B., who, according to the vision, seemed to be dying. As Mme. de B. was supposed to be -in excellent health. M. de Lerizolles assured his wife that there was no significance in her waking dream, But his wife would not be convinced, and, indeed, a letter came in a few days telling them of Mme. de B.'s most unexpected death. Eight hundred cases, somewhat similar to this last one, are recorded in a book published some time ago in England. In each case some person saw a ghost or apparition of Borne living relative or friend at the precise moment when this relative or friend was on the point of dying. If it were not for a presentiment Mozart would probably never have composed hiB immortal " Requiem." One day, while he was sitting alone lost in a melancholy reverie, a stranger entered the room, and, laying a handsome sum of money on the table, requested bim to compose a " Requiem " in memory of a dear friend who had just died. Mozart agreed to do so. and he began work at once. Night and day he labored with extraordinary zeal, ufitil finally his strength gnve way and he became ill. When his wife tried to cheer him up, he said brusquely— " It's no use. 1 composed that 1 Requiem' for myself, and it will be played at my funeral." Nothing could rid his mind of this idea. Nay, he was even convinced that the stranger was a visitor from the other world, who had come to warn him ot his approaching end. So be worked at tbe * Requiem ' until it was finished, but when the siranger came for it Mozart was dead.-— Glasgow Weekly Mail. 