MINING. The success of the Britannia United and the Llanberris No. 1 at the deeper levels is infusing a lot more life into the Bailarat East group of mines, and they give every promise in the near future of becoming more prolific producers, and it is to be hoped div. earners. One of the group that expects to have a slice of the Britannia lode is the old Sulieman Pasha, the co. being sanguine that at 1400ft. it will be in a position to strike out for that as well as the Indicator reef. The Sulieman grips an extensive property — covering 3000ft, on the line—west of tlio Britannia, ai>d its No. 2 shaft is just a step off a buiy street. For a lengthy period the mine cultivated the dividend habit, the total distribution amounting to £22,050, but after eleven years of prosperity there is a call blight on its prospects, the last half-year seeing regular monthly levies. • S * R ~ Whether the Sulieman will shortly come on to another make of pay-dirt rests with the developments at the 9o0ft. level, where the co. recently opened out. In the south drive, a few feet from the chamber, they are exploiting a promising vein of stone that has widened from a streak to several inches thick as it makes west, and Manager Williams is sanguine that when the hard sandstone bar in the face is negotiated that the vein will lead into a good body of stone. A trial from this vein went 12dwt. to the ton, and the stone still carries gold, so the management has every reason to expect cheerful things from its further prospecting. Prom this point to the Britannia United workings is reckoned a distance of 500ft. To the north of the shaft a cotscut is going east to intersect what is known ttie Fire Brigade lode, which yielded well when worked in the early days, and the company is confident, providing the search is successful, that it will help to push tli£ mine once more to the fore. The manager is rather anxious to send in a western crosscut 250ft. to get a deeper lift on the Sulieman Pasha reef, but that work is held in abeyance for the present. _ uHam At the 850ft. level the prospects are not by any means too encouraging, though several makes of poor quartz were met in driving. In the eastern crosscut off the south drive there is a fine 15ft. body of promising-looking dirt, but the tributors did not consider it worth while opening out on, and the Board appears to be neglecting its duty in not prospecting it. The north drive hat been extended 467ft. on the track of the lode, carrying a foot of well mineralised stone that unfortunately lacks the right golden colour. A good distance in a crosscut is exploring country showing plenty of veins that appear to be making better under foot, and the indications are such as to warrant the impression that there is something better ahead. The north drive will be continued for a considerable distance, and from the kindly stone in the face there may be a change for the better any day. Should anything good be struck here it would mean a new life to the mine, as the co. lias unlimited territory to the west. Tributors have thoroughly exhausted the shallower levels, and it is quite evident the Sulieman's future prospects lie in its deep ground. The Board, thanks in a great measure to the persistent advocacy of sinking by Director Trivess Moore, is getting to recognise that, and it will not be long before the shaft is again moving down another lift. Manager Williams advances the theory that the co. is now commencing to work its second formation. A more easy class of country has come into the sink, and this means that the £10 a foot average which the 950ft. of shafting has run into will be reduced to some extent in the next drop. The No. 1 shaft, from which splendid returns were once obtained, remains idle at a depth of 500ft., and in view of its past productiveness it is a wonder an effort is not made to give the ground there a second chance. To connect the shafts involves driving 1400ft. # * # # It is understood the co. will secure an advance of £1000 under the Mines Development Act, and with that money the shaft will go down on its mission'forjthe. Britannia Unitedirunof stone. With that money assured for prospecting, Suliemans are again a fair speculation for a lock-up, as there is no question, from the way the Britannia is shaping, that the lode is well worth hustling for. The Pasha may be down, on its luck at present, and a fit target Jxw-^sgolfers, but one never knows when its fortunes q^as^turn and. the shares once again reach the,high-fig^.re-^f £3 each. During its career the olipe has to|s_ea^>ut £251,205 worth of gold, s p e n t o n yfa^es, £94,433 on tributes, and £48,"4?V on^ajting-aitf^ crushing. At present the indeiitednea^amoynis to £1288. The Sulieman is directed -fey Messrs. E. Murphy, M.L.A.; P. Borthwickl.fi. H 'Uobp^ A. Cant and M. Worsley, with Mt.'J. H. Cunning; ham as legal manager. "Dear PUNCH,—I take great interest in following your mining ne*vs, more particularly that from the premier goldfield of the colonies. I refer to Charters Towers, with its £42,000 worth of • dividends for the month of June. It has been a surprise to me that so little business is done with these stocks on the Melbourne Exchange, and that as a rule the brokers know absolutely nothing of the field. This was accidentally explained by reference to a broker, who said: ' We don't want to see our clients lock their money up in those investment stocks—it pays us better to keep them to shares that are constantly being turned over, so handle the money six times to otherwise one, with profit on each deal.'—DIVIDENDS." Boulder Main Beef stated to have over a quarter million worth of ore in-sight. Lode proved for a length of 840ft., and the 7ft. of 5 to 6oz. stone at the boundary shows the strength of the Great Boulder lode in its southern blocks. The telluride going forward to WaUaroo said to be good foi- a 5oz. average. These shares are not making high figures just now, standing at 26s. 6d., but "when the co.'s mill and cyanide put their regular spoke in values are certain to strongly appreciate. Of the Pitifield Plat scrips Pentagongs are given as a great spec. Large block of wash proved, and two puddlers will be ready in three weeks to t the grip of its value. R So far as is known, the Colebrook is a low-grade smelting show, bulk sampling about 4 per cent of copper, which with cheap concentration should pay. No. 1 open cut workings are said to expose the ore body 60ft. wide, with neither wall yet in evidence, and four trenches sent across the lode have proved it for eight chains. It will be some time before the width of the formation is tested, and if the whole of it assays creditably the Curtin- Davis Co. will have something worth dealing with. Three Colonies Extended (Norseman) maiden milling will cover 400 tons, and Manager Fox is sanguine of payable results. As a cheap spec, these shares are certainly worth gathering in. Gossiped that Metallurgist Schlapp's report on the Queen Margaret is altogether favourable, but he advises against equipping the mine witli further machinery until the ore reserves have been greatly increased. It is understood that the Board, to more vigorously develop the claim, will provide a stronger hauling plant, so as to permit the sliaft being dropped to a much greater depth, and erect another ten stampers, which will be open for public crushing if the Margaret cannot keep the whole plant thumping. JJ Browning's Luck, St. Arnaud, from its initial stamping, has not struck an hilarious standard, the 249 tons only returning 29oz. 2dwt. Bitter pill for old "Zeb" Lane's supporters, who went baldheaded for this scrip on the strength of his advice. This claim may liave better luck iL its deeper ground. Referring to the Queen Margaret West, i a reliable A delaide authority who knows the Bulong field thoroughly writes: " Were this property in Victoria or Queensland with similar prospects it would bo mined for all it is worth. If the Margaret lode maintains its westerly dip on into the White Horse the West should get it there before 400ft. is reached, but without injuring the Queen Margaret itself, for it must be very much deeper before the lode could dip out of the Margaret. The West is a block claim to both the Margaret and the White Horse, but comes much nearer to the course of the lode along the boundary between it and the White Horse. The West takes a good bite out of the White Horse, which is a long, narrow claim, whereas the Margaret is not so long, but broader. The lode dips west all along its course from the Melbourne United to the Margaret South, and a remarkable recognition of this fact is in the market value to-day of Queen Margaret No. 1 South and Queen Margaret Central. Six months ago No Ones were worth seven shillings and Centrals 3s. Now No. Ones are not worth 2s., while Centrals are worth 4s. Another instance was the securing of all the western ground they could get by the Princess Margaret—a very wise proceeding. The West are sinking their shaft right on the boundary of the White Horse, opposite the principal workings of the mine, and here the westerly dip of the lode is most marked. The West shaft is now down a little over 200 feet, and the crosscut at the 300ft. level of the Queen Margaret will give a very fair idea of how far the West must sink before they can expect to get the lode, and unless the lode turns right back or cuts out altogether they must get it. They have a shaft down over 100 feet on the Margaret boundary, and are awaiting developments in the other shaft, where all energy is being concentrated before doing anything further here. Should, however, the present workings meet with success, it will only \ be a matter of time and depth to get the lode in the other, when the West, having the full length of both claims along the line of lode, would be the most valuable property at Bulong, always provided the lode lives down, which a lode so persistent in length and character must surely do." The Hope has a much-improved milling, 580 tons for 2G6oz. 7dwt. Thi6 mine will yet" come out on top. Jubilee, Scarsdale, announces a fine yield of 220oz. from 280 tons. From the mine the nine owners have taken sufficient gold to put a nice mill on it and sink the shaft to several hundred feet. Shoot of gold dips strongly south into some adjoining leases which are shortly to be marketed in Bailarat. Bendigo advices report a healthy feeling for the Wales group. The New Prince has a splendid div. career ahead. Past half the mine milled 3082 loads for 1070oz. 3dwt„ averaging 9dwt. 2gi\, and the pyrites gave 178oz. Reef runs from 5 to 30ft. thick, and a large quantity of stone exposed. Mining and milling costs 23s. per ton, and had the co. its own battery—the directors have been instructed to get one—the crushing charge would be reduced from 4s. 6d. to about 2s. 9d. a ton. Railway Prince will start to sink in a week. Co now down on the back of the Wales reef, and expects to sink through about 50ft. of spurry formation before getting the payable stone now being worked in the New Prince. Intention is to sink 103ft. before opening out at the 500ft., at which depth the stone may be about 30ft. west of the shaft, and the co. will have 100ft. of backs on the underlie. South Prince reckons to Teach the old Wale3 reef about 50ft. from the shaft. North Prince also sinking in country carrying^ number of spurs leading from the eastern wall and. underlying west. Co. estimates to cut the back of the Wales stone in the neighbourhood of 520ft., and by the surreys the shaft should go right down, on the reef. The three cheap stocks enumerated are really good buying for a profitable turnover in the months to come. Hercules (Tas.) has still £2053 in liand. PUNCH understands that it is probable the new 25,000 share issue will be sold at 20s., instead of 30s. each as mentioned in last week's issue. Mine opening up splendidly, but there is no tonnage estimate of the ore in sight yet available. Lode cut 184 chains apart, the two tunnels sent in giving about 160ft. of backs. Provided the lode proves continuous (or the distance stated, something like 5,000,000 tons of ore would be ready for stoping above toe 150ft. level A very big "if" in the computation, which, it-must be understood, does not cover the other large ore bodies known to exist on the property. However, the figures will give scrippers some idea of the mine's possibilities. So far where proved the lode shows no break or disturbance on its course, and it is being worked at the extreme north and south of the company's sections. From Kalgoorlie: "The Great Eoulder is on the south boundary opening out at 300ft. from the No. 4 shaft. At the 100ft. level the lode is wide and of high grade, and from the manner in which the ore body is opening out in the 170ft. level in the Boulder main reef, there is no doubt as to the southern part of the Boulder's southern lease. The high grade ore being broken in the sinking the winzes from the 200ft. to the 300ft. levels near the main shaft is being hoisted to the surface and packed pending a decision as to what is to be done with it. The stone is very rich, and the deepest winze has been carried down 80ft. in liigh grade stone, so that there is no room to doubt the eastern leg of the lode when the level is opened up." Apropos of the New Loch Fyne, Manager Jamieson thinks from the way the stone is going underfoot from the No. 2 level that the lpwer one will be a rich level when opened up. In the former there is good payable stone exposed for a length of 650ft., and from 3 to 30ft. in thickness. Fynes will have a great rise if that prediction comes true. Anticipated that the New Chum, St. Arnaud, will raise an improved milling this time. Now stoping from the junction that gave cheerier returns in the previous level. By all accounts the reef is dipping west very fast, so the company will have more of the reef than was thought—all of which is to the disadvantage of Browning's Luck, the adjoining property. The Chum is completely out of debt. The New South Standard did a great deal better than was expected, the average from tliB 94 tons being a trifle under 25dwt. PUNCH expects the mine to stand up to -that mark, in fact an improved return is expected fi cm the next return. The mill is idle pending the completion of the hopper. Reef in the lower level is ;lft. thick, and in the upper one 3ft. Gin. Prices are creeping up, and should go higher. The M'Kiinmie is now in a position to resume sinking, the pumping machinery having got to work. The intention is to sink 60ft., and then open out for the lode that yielded well at the 60 t. level. Mine has one of the best prospects on the West Coast, and in consequence the shares should not be missed by seekers of cheap stocks. Great Northern Extended Consols will put up a three-inch bore this time, and if it shows no increase of water it is thought the company will soon get into wash. Anyway, the erection of the machines is being pushed on at breakneck speed, which GIMES PUNCH the impression that the directors feel that the time of dirt trials is not far off. Keep a keen eye on this line Southern Leavs, lying to the west of the Great Southern Consols, is a new Rutherglen venture under flotation. Proposed capital, £40,000 in £.1 shares, 26,000 being issued to the public at 2s. Gd. each. This show has three miles along the course of two leads that yielded well in the past, one of which gave the original co. 23oz. to the machine. The work of sinking the shaft to get at the deeper run of wash was abandoned through the faulty machinery employed. Messrs. S. R. Walter, Sydney Smith and other well-known mining men are on the provisional directorate. PUNCH hears that the Southern and Prentice United is a certainty for a .£7500 advance from the Government with which to erect pumping machinery. Alleged the Mining Department will insist on two sets of 24-inch pumps being provided for, whereas the co. wants to erect 22-inch ones. Those who know the Rutherglen field are confident tin bulk of the water is not coming from the north, and for that reason argue that the S. and P. United will not require the heavy pumpers being arranged for. A scrip that is excellent buying on the strong prospect of the advance coming off. There is glee in the Sir John Franklin camp. Lode in the bottom level has widened to 6ft. in the foot of the drive, and 3ft. in the back, carrying gold that is worth 82s. Cd. per ounce. By the position of the strike the co. has 600ft. of backs to operate upon—given the stone living to the crown of the hill. The Sir John promises to be amongst, the best of Vic.'s mines in the end. Work of riding on the reef is being greatly retarded by foul air. A healthier market is expected for this scrip. More sorrowing. Expert Cairnes' great lowgrade Mount Willis show, the Anaconda, has yielded up its 2dwt. ghost for the present. Party of miners want the mine on tribute, but the co. is asking too high a price for the mill. When PUNCH doubted the success of the Anaconda the cocksure Omeo press howled derisively. The laugh is with the writer. From Miss's. Clarke andUo, Adelaide, PUNCH i s in receipt of a special Westralian issue of their " Stopk and Share List." As usual the circular contains a mass of valuable information about the Western mines, Mr. Cliude Maitland contributing article on the " Progress and General Outlook of the Kalgoorlie FieldB." His comments on the developments at the principal mines will be much appreciate! by investors, who have to thank Mr. Butter Clarke for the enterprise he shows in this direction. This List is an admirable cnnpendium of matters relating to Kalgoorlie and ot'ier fields. •* It is hardly reali&ed; even now," says Ruttsr Clarke in his July " Stock and Share List," that Western Australia produced more gold in the first sir rumtfcs of this year than in the whole of 1895 and that the yield for the first half of 1897 tails short of the return for the whole of 1896 by only 16,OOOJZ, Ifc is quite within the bounds of possibilities that W. A., at the end of this year, wilt stand second only to Victoria amongst the gold-producing colonies of Australia, and it is more than probable bv the end of 18'.)S Victoria itself will be beaded.'' Tbere are good grounds for this prediction. The North Boulder has declared a maiden dividend of ninepence per share, which will be payable on 9th of August, This is the forerunner of many divs. from this improving mine. 