fllTlPiATiyiKE LITERARY GOSSIP. "Scarlet and Steel," added to Hutchin son's Colonial Library, is a novel with a purpose. The author, 3Ir. E. Livingston Preseott, has written this powerful stoiA- witb the object of exposing some of the evils which accompany the administration of military prisons. It has been generally sup- fiosed that flogging in the army lias been ong since abolished as a means of enforcing discipline, but as in the ease of imprison- 3IR. BARTON 31'GUCKIN, THE CELEBRATED TENOR, (I'HOTO. BY TALMA.) ' ' ment for debt, the thing has been allowed to remain in modified degree. Many an un fortunate debtor has discovered that po verty can still he construed into a criminal offence, and in like manner the recalcitrant soldier whose offences against regimental rule bring him within tlie range of the military penal code may find thut his hack may become acquainted with the lash, or that he can render himself liable to the yet more degrading punishment of the birch. Following the example of Charles Keade, Mr. Preseott has chosen to frame his indict ment of the system in narrative form, lie depicts the career of a high spirited, adven turous young man, who has in him all the makings of a first class soldier, hut who, partly through his own misconduct and partly through the spite of persona) enmity, is condemned to a term in a military prison. The course of treatment he there undergoes turns him out at the end of the period a bro ken down, miserable being, lost to all sense of self respect, and physically and Inorally a wreck. It has, of course, been the intention of the author to present the evils of the system in their most exaggerated shape, in order to shock public attention into activity, and with this end in view the unfortunate Muuleverer is made to undergo the whole gamut of penai punishment. This is somewhat of a -sin against probability; hut Mr. Preseott in sists that every punishment lie describes with such vivid and painful realism is al lowed under the rules for military prisons made under the Army Discipline and Regulation Act 1879. For an offence trivial except in its characteris tic of a breach of discipline a soldier may incur the risk of degrading punishment which cannot but brutalise. -Apart from its moral purpose, the story is one of great in terest from its description of military life in the ranks. The book is full of "go, ' and will keep the attention of the reader fully alive from the opening to the end. -In Eng land, where the story has reached its third edition, it has evoked demand for searching inquiry into the whole management of.-mili-' tary prisons. - In "The Jessamy Bride"" Mr. Frankfort Moore has made an ambitions effort. He lias striven to revivify the past, and to make the great ones of.n former age livc'.again in the pages of his story.' He cannot be said to have/achieved a large measure of success. It is given to few to reproduce with life like, accuracy the manners and customs of former (jmes, . and still pjore difficult is it to re-create the form' and image of those who -have become only an historical menl- ory. The author has essayed a task alto gether beyond his powers. More daring than Thackeray, he has not scrupled 'to levy "under' contribution a whole list of noted names, and to press them into ser vice as puppets for his'plot. He has- taken fact as a foundation for his fiction, hut has not managed' to happily blend the two, and the result is often distracting. Dr. Oliver Goldsmith- is made the hero of -the tale, and his love, for- Mniy Horneck, the Jes samy bride, is the principal theme. Dr. Samuel JohnBon, Sir Joshua Reynolds, Ed mund Burke, Garrick and other names familiar to all acquainted with the annals of the time are trippingly introduced as subsidiary personages in the play; but there is no reality of life about them, and the free and eaiiy manner in which thev have been disinterred to suit the nutlior's convenience savors somewhat of literary impertinence. Not that there are not some i bright scenes in the' bocnt. The ;o..e which ; Garrick plays upon Dr. -Kiiins'o oj ni=- , wonderful imitation of Goldsmtu s sup- , posed clerical relative: the trout'ios which attend the production of S-he Stoops iO yon- j quer, Mrs. Abingdon's bamboozling oi the hullv and bravo Captain -Jackson, and the spirited description of the sword plaj ot the Italian fencer in Goldsmith s rooms, where the boisterous villain is humbled and ejected. are all tola with vigor. Sir. Frankfort Moore has shown on several occasions that he can write stir ring stories, but he lias been overbold in attempting a resurrection oi past History. "Elementary Jane," by Richard Pryce, is a story which shows that even within the unroniantic domain of the modern music hall there is scope for the tram-comedy which makes up the sum of human life. The observant writer 'can -find anywhere ample material for weaving his web of varied in terest, and can discover the constituents of pathos and humor in what might be re-. MR.. JOHN P. BRAY, THE NEW A3IERICAN CONSUL. garded by less discerning eyes ns the most unlikely situations. Jane Smith is an inno cent young girl who, having loBt her mother, seeks to earn her living on the music hall stage. The surroundings are sympatheti cally but truthfully described, and there is no endeavor either to paint a lurid picture of .vice or to -conceal the dangers to purity which abound. Jane scores an unpretending success inaquietway. Herfirsttroiihlecomes when the eldest of the Merino family of acrobats, a singularly beautiful young man, named Curley, begins to notice her, and forcefully ravishes a kiss. I-fer maiden modesty is outraged, and she is sobbing in distress, when Michael Seaward, the young man who plays the drum in the orchestra, comes to her assist ance. Between these two men lies the choice of her- life. Jane is attracted to Seaward, and he is deeply in love with her, but he does not reveal it, and he goes away to Manchester, where an influential friend offers him the oppportunity of higher musi cal instruction. In his absence Jane meets Curlev again; they fall in love with eaehj other" and arc married just the day before: Seaward returns to London to seek Jane: out and disclose his love. He finds that he; has come too late. Jane's marriage does not turn out happily. She is practically deserted bv Curlev, but finally he meets with a terrible accident and dies in her arms, and a chance of future happiness with Seaward is indicated. Prosaic and commonplace as may appear the incidents, they are very pathetically described, and- the story is one to read. Florence 31arrvat is a very unequal writer, and "A Passing Madness" will not add to her reputation as a brilliant novelist. The characters are not well drawn, and the i introduction of the supernatural element : is a mistake. The 31arshalls are a family j which comprise a mother and a daughter | and two step-children, the offspring of the defunct husband's previous marriage. The twins Joan and Edward inherit their mother's money, but with remainder in the event of their deaths, to Hilda, the child of the second marriage, lhis explanation is necessary, because much is made to turn upon the money issue. Edward returns home one night to dinner in a wild condition, in which he swears at his sister, and throws his ser vant downstairs. Then it is discovered that there is insanity on that side of the family, the mother having died in a madhouse shortly after giving birth to her children. Edward is placed in charge of Dr. Conyng- beare, a rising young medical man, and Joan incontinently falls in love with him, while he as quickly succumbs to the charms of Hilda. Joan becomes madly jealous, and when Edward dies from an overdose of choral, which she herself has unwittingly fiven him, she accuses .Dr. Conyngbeare of aving murdered him in order that Hilda might inherit. The ghost of her father, who has at intervals been visiting his wife to her great alarm, appears to the daughter, bidding her confess the truth. She does so, and then wanders off to commit suicide, but is saved by Conyngbeare, and undergoes a total reformation of character. This- kind of twaddle is unworthy a writer who is cap able of better things. , "Tatterlev," the story of a dead man, by Thomas Gallon, is a tale of exceptional merit. The central idea, if not absolutely novel in conception, is dealt with in an in genious and original manner. There is some thing reminiscent of Dickens in the style and general methods of treatment, but nothing slavishly imitative, and the great master of the art of moving to tears aud laughter would not have disdained to ac-| knowledge this very effective story. The! character of Caleb Fry is skilfully drawn, and the qualities of suspicion, distrust and callous indifference to everyone's feelings but his own render his project of turning Tatterlev's death to account, by changing personalities with him in order that he may see how his own wealth is used by his heirs, less improbable than it would otherwise ap pear. Having done all the harm that he could in his own character, quarrelling with his natural heir at the last moment, and leaving everything to a smooth spoken scoundrel, he assumes the person of his old servant, to ,wliom he is supposed to bear a remarkable resemblance. No one suspects the deception, and Caleb finds that as Tat- terley he can play the part of onlooker, and hear candid and. outspoken criticism on himself. The process is one of a very educa tive kind. The love story of the nephew is charmingly told, and the manner in which "poor old Tatterley" is admitted -as an in mate of the household he had done so much to injure, and becomes treated as an inti mate and trusted friend, is described with sympathetic' discrimination. When he would fain undo the harm he has caused, he learns that it is beyond his power, and that he cannot move in the direction or reassum- ing his identity without the danger of losing the love he has learned to value. The me thod by which lie bestows a modest fortune upon Ins friends is perhaps a little strained; hut the final scene, in its pathos of affection, redeems everything. The book is one which well deserves all the success it has attained. 1 repared for the stage, it would- furnish all the material for an admirable drama. I lie volume in which 3Ir. Christie Mur ray considers his contemporaries in fiction will now be ready at an early date. It runs to 13 chapters, and includes matter extra to the papers as they appeared serially. At the. outset 31 r, Christie Murray reviews the critics, and then' he goes on to a word about Dickens. Charles Reade and Stevenson get an essay each, and so do some of the nove lists still with us. In closing, Mr. Christie 3Iurray discusses American authorship and our young romancers. ' "The Dagger and the Cross" i's another story from the ever-flowing pen of Joseph Hntton, who recognises one of the essentials in awakening public interest bv selecting striking titles for his tales. Despite its militant Bound, there ik not a great deal of lighting in the story, although it opens in a manner whic-h promises mut- "TTT T rection. I he opening scene i< ',d (A-1' nice about 200 years ago, and R-'-mii? painter, consumed with jealou- r.i ,i ' tlle probate Ziletto, seeks to piou-'- honor with the sword. He is 1 the weapon, and so is easily dfsar- at ri0 with his wife he crosses over to P he out of his rival's way, and A'5, m the village of Eyam, in DerbW-,ir? some decorative work at the »rV - C the neighborhood. But the E00 » there also and does terrible iniVvei Talbot is the beauty of the di- - - ij? proudly superior to her devoted o B ben Clegg. Yet when Ziletto mL?- fails an easy victim to his spcc-i vJ!Lsh-s betrayed into a false marriage a-"d a&'i? hi.ni into her secret bower. with his prize, he seeks to tarn- tngue with Roubillac's wife ?V- . j"? slain by. the Italian in mad jeal'I'W ti5 murder is committed just at' the hue £ Clegg had discovered Ziletto and suspicion falls upon him. H-. VtS and found guilty, hut makes hi- Meanwhde the plague has been brought?!?; the village, and when Clegg ventures no one is a condition to trouble about S® re-arrest. Roubillac, who has rc-fum Italy, is overcome with remorse oa thS death of his wife, confesses his crime to, pnest and is ordered as a penance toretun to Eyam and disclose the whole truth i? does so, and falls dead as he comXt th dull as the generality of the humor 3 emanates from the same quarter . Have boys' tastra in fiction changed dm mg recent years? 3Ir. 3Iax Pembertoh £ nas written books for boys and edited . boys paper for three years, thinks not " can say with no hesitation at all that borf tastes now are what they were 20 or 30 year, ?S, boy, he. told an interviewer \- will not have anything new-fangled or idiotic. He has only one word of criticism The same bullies, the 5 fags, the same islands, the same tnanliZ the same courage as his father loved, ht loves. He likes a Jules Verne book, buttle old puppets must be there. For stvle h cares nothing; he reads Stevenson for tie story. He must have incident, exeitement- ?T„ rrr ,erhaps. KisT i"5 a grade abort Jack Harkaway,' but I hazard the opinion doubtingly. The mam thing is that b» loves an honest man, adores courage, de spises a bar and a coward, and compels the author to point some sort of moral." _Sqmebod.v has been telling the world Mr Hall Came consulted a varietv of experts is to the details of "The Christian." Kbo then, was the ecclesiastical expert who al lowed him to represent the Premier as offer ing the bishopric of Colombo to Job Storm while he was still in dean's orders? But the ecclesiastical portions of the booil are quite obviously the work of a well-in- 1 tentioned person,, who has sought to "set up" his subject, but has made the inevitable errors. " The re-issue of "Diana of the CrosswajB in the edition de luxe of Mr. Meredith's works contains a prefatory note of some in terest. The note is as follows:— "A lady oi high distinction for wit and beauty, tie daughter of an illustrious Irish house, camt under the shadow of a calumny. It has, hi terly been examined and exposed as base less. The story of Diana of the Crosways is to he read as fiction." Ike reference, "oi course, is to the story— incoiporated in "Diana"— about 3Irs. Norton giving to the "Times" the news of the intended Repeal of the Corn Law — a story which Lord Duf- ferin has lately been proving to be entirely without foundation. . The family to which Mr. Rider Haggirf belongs is decidedly a literary one. His brother, Colonel Haggard, has written a number of stories. Now his sister. ma- Baroness d'Ahethan, is to issue a novel, ib is married to the Belgian 3Iinister at tie- Court of the Emperor of Japan. This ooreL however, does not relate to Japan, battel Brazil, where the Baroness lived for acme time. It is a tale of diplomatic life, but w far no title has been selected for it. The "Little Catechism of Liturgy, tra» lated from the FYench of tie Abbe Datilbb I and "Obligation of Hearing Mass, by toe Rev. J. T. Roche, are two hooks published by 3Iurphy and Co., New York, and whicji have received the imprimatur of the Oaxfli- nal Archbishop of Baltimore. Adherents j of the Roman Catholic Church will reoog-| nise their value. . _ ,, _„l Under the title of "Bound Together 3Iessrs. John Murphy and Co., New iors,| have issued a series of miniature plays, uea signed to meet the capacity of very youogl artora. Here is an opportunity for aspiwsl amateurs. They comprise:— I at, a niioj-B ature farce in five scenes, by Kqsa awM holland; six characters. Aunt 3IaxweliJ« Return, a comedy in three acts, by uam Alulhoiland; eight characters. Mrs. Caral duff's Next of Kin, a comedietta in tbml acts, by Clara Nlulholland; nine character Our Boycotting, a miniature comedy in » scenes, by Rosa Jfulholland: 16 charact The Duchess Pepita, a minmture extra , ganza in six scenes, by Rosa Mulholla six characters. The Irish Heiress, a tare comedy in two acts, by Rosa liu I land; nine characters. I 