A HAUNTED HOUSE. strange door and a strange ' story that clunq to it. The pension examiner who hud been on duty In a southern stale, was In Wash ington for a week or two, us Is the cus- torn anions thai class of public servants, ami. ho wiih telling of what he'had seen and heard In his bailiwick. "Oh, yes." he said, In response to a query, "then; wore 'hu'nts' there. for where ntv they not where the darkey pre vails? I!ut the real ghost of the whole section was in :in old house known as Barley Mall The old house wan nearly a huudred years old. and as far hark jus the people could remember. It had the repu tation of being haunted Tills reputation had primarily grown out of the (net that in one of the grant rooms of the hquse was a door IruUlnfc somewhere which hud never lioen opened, ns far as known, and which resisted every eiYurt to open It. The room wns wnlnscntcd In oak nearly to the celling, and this door wan only about six feet high and Gin— feet wide, and seemed appropriate as the entrance to a secret chamber. It had heavy Iron hinge and n htxtvy Iron latch and sta ple, eaten deeply by the rust, when I saw it. "In response to a suggestion from the owner of the place, who was showing niu over It ami telling me the story of Its ghost. I made an effort to get the door o|Mn, both by pulling at it and by put ting my shoulder ngalnnl II. and push ing with all iny strength. I even went so far tut to rig a kind of a clumsy jack against it to force it open, hut It rerused to budge an inch. >1 could tell that it was a well 'made dour by the sound It gave forth when pounded on, but there was no reason apparent why U should not open to reveal what was on the other side of It. "The story was not a very weird one. consisting mostly of the rumor that on e«atuliPtilg1?M«Uili> dutif'OplnOdi atal a former mnsW of the limine came fortlt to wnmler about. Me luid nv\er done any harm or any good to any one, and on the whole the ghost stor> wan rather tame, hut the dour was there, and then? was a mystery about that wtiich was still unsolved itirough all the years. "Last your the owner of the house, at my suggestion, opened the old hall for sinnmcr hoarders, tuul 1 led the van and took the room with the mysterious 'oor In it. "Many'g the night I've sat and watch ed that door, and often of mooulisht nights I've sat In the open windotv.wait- fng to hoc if the mveetncsn uf the south ern summer night would not tempt the eld master to wander, but he never came forth to meet me. "One night, though, came the rewln- tlon of the mystery. A curtuln In one of the windows of a whig of the house was blow! into a candle dome, and fivu minutes later lire was mghig. Half an hour biter the fin? was out. but the wing adjoining my room had lost its upja-r half, cxjKwdug the wall of the main building. In the repairs that followed this wall was partly removed, and It was shown that the mysterious door won not a door, hut merely a Joke on iwHterlty. played by tho original proprietor, who had a heavy piece of oak put in the wuhmcouting. and hud curved It with his own hands to resemble a door The hinges and latch he had put In to carry the trick to the very end. That door." concluded the, narrator, "by actual mea surement was fourteen Inches (hick and milder than a stone wall, mi that It was no wonder nobody could ever onen it."— ' ' Washington Htar." GOOD STORY OF CHEVALIER Mr Altiert Chevalier tells a gced story against himself. When It,? was eighteen ho took part in a benefit performaneo at the (Jnlcty Theatre, lie iru playing mi old man's part. Mr and Mrs Kendal ami himself were In the cast, and hln cue entirely sllppwl his memory. Me looked towards the prompt entrance, and see ing Irving. Bancroft, David James, Miss Terry, and other celebrities looking on. he got so nervous that he was unable to utter a word. "At that mom-nt," as he himself tolls Ui«: story, "a tremendous round of applause startled ine, miaautvd me. and after it subsided I got along capitally. My mind was a bit uneasy as to the Kcndals opinion of my perform ance, so 1 dfal not watt to iw them, but went home. At night 1 met Mrs Kendul. who spoke very welt of my effort. Mr Kendnl, coming up at the moment, said, 'You were a bit uncertain In your llnra; In fact, upon one occasion you stopped dead,' 'Yes, said I; 'didn't you hear the round of applause l got?' lie laughed. 'Oh, you mean when the Prince of Wales entered the theatre!' " 