I THE ROCK UNSHAKEN BY THE AGES. Popes die one after another, but the Vicar of Christ lives forever. He is the cornerstone of the Church, the bond of unity, the infallible teacher and the com- mon father of all the faithful. In every age he was revered as the supreme high priest and Bishop of Bishops. As early as the third century the authority of Pope St. Stephen was acknowledged by St. Cyprian, Bishop of Carthage, and light of the African Church. The Bishops of Africa, under the presidency of St. Cyprian, enunciated some doctrine concerning baptism which Pope St. Stephen condemned as heretical. Doubt less the great African doctor was fully as learned as the Pope, but the primacy of the latter was recognised because he was the successor of Peter, to whom Our Lord said : "I have prayed for thee that thy faith fail not ; confirm thy brethren." The prayer was not in vain. After the lapse of ages the office and prerogatives of Peter are the same. The rock is still un shaken, and the gates of hell shall never prevail against the Church. While the Papacy stands, the Church will continue, and that will be forever. The Pope is to the Bishops and priests what the sun is to the planetary system. The same is true of I Bishops and priests. In union with the Pope, they are the channels of divine grace. The Church applies through them the fruits of the all-bountiful redemption. I Her sufficiency is from the merits of her spouse and founder, Jesus Christ. The authority of all the grades of the ministry, the power of each, and the relation of one to the other, determined by the institution of Christ. Whatever is of divine institu tion remains always the same. The words of the twentieth chapter of the Acts of the I Apostles: "Take heed to yourselves, and I to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath placed you Bishops, to rule the Church of God, which He hath purchased with His own blood," apply to the Bishops of our own age as much as they did to the Apostles and those consecrated by them. The insti- I tution of the priesthood is not less clear. Our Lord said to His Apostles, "Do this for a commemoration of Me, whose sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven them, and whose sins you shall retain, they are retained," Those words were spoken not to them alone, but to all their successors in the priesthood. If it were not so, the Church would dis appear with them, and Christ would fail in his promises. The more one contem plates the constitution of the Church, the clearer becomes its divine origin. It is not the work of man, but of God. Har mony prevails in all the parts. The world never witnessed such perfect unity as exists between the Pope and other mem bers of the clergy. He is to them what the sun is to the planetary system. All revolve around him. From him they receive their inspiration, and under his guidance all good works are done. His primaoy extends to all the Bishops, and the influence of his authority reaches priests and people in the most remote corners of the earth. This is a consequence of the commission to feed the lambs and the sheep, for it is the duty of Peter to guide the Bishops as well as the individual members of their respective flocks. j Sublime is the office of the priesthood, and transcendent the dignity. Catholic hearts go out in tender emotions to the Lord's annointed, but the consideration of the benefits conferred on humanity, through their ministry, fills the soul with sentiments of gratitude. The Pope, too, is the centre and source of all these. Without him there would be neither unity of doctrine nor uniformity of discipline. The stream of revelation would be poisoned, error would prevail, and the truth would disappear. I False maxims and unsound moral principles would corrupt society. Liberty and order would give place to despotism or anarchy. Yet there are men who would rid the world I of the Papacy and the priesthood; but I tlieir aesires will not: be accomplished, tor Christ shall be with His Church all days, even to the consummation of the world. Every heart shall turn towards Rome, and the Pope shall guide all. Evils may spring up, and dissensions may disturb the peace of timid souls, but the voice of Peter, like that of Jesus, will calm the storm. Let Jessu be your model, and may your hearts ever be united to the See of Peter. Priests of Jesus Christ, may you be blessed forever ! May your years be fruitful and your eternity full of bliss ! Your dignity is more than angelic, and your power is divine. You give grace to repentent souls, and you nourish the mystical body of Christ with His real body. You dispense that heavenly bread which fills the Church with con fessors, virgins, and saints without number. Through your ministry the work of human redemption is continued, and the precious fruits of eternal life are supplied to weary souls. Let Jesus be your model, and may your hearts be ever united to the See of Peter ! Fremantle Loan. — On Tuesday it was decided by a special meeting of the Fremantle Municipal Council to borrow £35,000 for the improvement of Fremantle. I 