JOURNALISM IN THE SIXTIES. In an article on " London Pen and Gown in the Sixties and since," contributed to the " Fortnightly Review," Mr. T. H. S. Escott refers to the " Tomahawk." " Mr. Arthur a Beckett's inventive mind," he says, " found fresh scope for employment in launching an entirely new literary enter- prise, the " Tomahawk." Just now this journal deserves special mention, because, in a degree not second to the " Owl," it foreshadowed a species of newspaper which of late years has been cultivated with marked success among us. Eliminate the purely aesthetic element, then a thing un- dreamed of, from Mr. Harry Furniss's newest, venture, and a fair idea may be formed to-day of what the " Toma- hawk " was. The sensation pro- duced by it during its brief career was due mainly or exclusively to the continued labours of Mr. a Beckett with his pen, and of the late marvellously clever draughtsman, Matt. Morgan, with his pencil. The initial issue took place shortly after the miscarriage of the Mexican ex- pedition, dealing, as it did, a fatal blow to the prestige of the second French Empire. ' Thou canst not say I did it,' was the legend under the cartoon in the first number—the picture representing the ghost of the murdered Maximilian ; the words proceeding from the lips of the horror stricken Napoleon the Little. Nor was the leading illustration in the second instal- ment of this print less powerful, the subject being the return from the Derby in a coach which was driven by Apollyon. The premature end of the Marquis of Hastings lent just then a special significance to the artist's work, and the few pungent lines of Arthur a Beckett's letterpress accompanying it. Asso- ciated with Arthur a Beckett in the " Tomahawk " was the late Frank Mar- shall, who seemed to have educated himself on the dramatists of the Restoration, with literary results sometimes impressive, as others purely droll. The staff also included the present member for King's Lynn, Mr. T. G. Bowles, who subsequently in his own " Vanity Fair" developed some of the ideas in which the " Tomahawk" abounded ; Captain Alfred Thompson, ex-dragoon and artist, who some years afterwards in the " Mask" anticipated unconsciously much of the peculiar kind of literary or artistic wit and humour presented to the public now. This literary child of the " Toma- hawk," as the " Mask" was signalised for the first time the pervading popularity of the theatre, and, outside the journals of the ' profession,' was the earliest print that made it a point to encourage and to supply the histrionic appetite of the general pub- lic. What were then the distinctive features of Alfred Thompson's journal are to-day recognised as indipensable in all newspaper candidates for popular favour. 