PARLIAMENT. Legislative Assembly. TUEF)DAY, rEPITEMER l1. (Jbridled freom the Cmric.) LAND BILL. The debate on the second re?ading of the Sh and Bill swas reasumed. Mr. MP'Cord said lthant while he thoughlt it very desirable to promote settlement they Smust be careful not to violate in any way : the agreements already made with those who had talken up land. Situated as they were now, they could legis!ate so as to utiliso the 1and to thle best advantage with : out doing violence to anybody. lie con -_siderd the bill now before theo House a B, reat improvement upon the bill which pre ::cded it. lie was glad to find that tihe Min ::ister for Lands was favourable to pastoral t~enants being allowed to pay their rents bealf-lyearly instead of yearly. Haheld that :bthe-appointment of the Lands Commission weas of benefit. Anyone reading the report ~mst admit that they did good work. M r. Groom said he would like to know 'from Mr. Foxton whetlher lest year's fiasco js to be repeated. The bill of last session ?s with the approval of three-~ourths of etpeople of the colony, and was only drawn owing.to'the opposition of a see \- a '.ln ? heard that the measures resorted ·..oastyear to becure that wil?hdrawal were being :tried. If the bill was to be drawn there was no use debating it. It pid be far better to pass the Land Bill s asioifice it in order to pass the Loncal ernment Bill. He differed from Mr. hy inlthe idea that the Crown was at ent receiving a fair return from the ralists, and if they reduced the rents a House would have to seek another of revenue. Mr. Leahy proposed o in for lower rentals for the West ,country; but if that was good for "Western country, it was good for ace other portions of the colony as well. a House should be extremely careful reducing any source of revenue. The s had come for a change in the con tion of the Land Board. The Min tar for Land had, in a modified sence, ac ted the reboommendation of the Land ard; lut it was his (Mr. Groom's) idea t.one member of the board should erato in each division of the colony. a aobject should be to bring the Land ad a near to the selector as possible. e complimented the Minister upon the Swhich he had adopted with regard to Sfarms, and he hoped that it would a?ly and liberally administered. His op was that every grazing farm should ed. With regard to other forms aeeion, he thought there should be nieted scale of homestead selection. fld not think that 160-acre selections .d-geeouogh in many parts for men to profitably. Experience had showed .where homesteads of that limited area sen taken up, they were not successful. ehowever, who had 820 acres were ally. doing very well. That was the of settlement which they should do all jboold-to'eneoirage. When they tools onsideration that the character of the &open; for selection, especially in the tral districts, was the refuse of the land, had been picked over and over again, at was not worth the value proposed to iut on it.. The pick of the country in .earyborough and Bundaberg had been apcording to the evidence of the offi tnt it was pointed out that if the areas ucreased to 820 or 640 acres it would en up. The Canadian Governmentn ?offering very strong inducements to ets, and if Queensland wanted increase her population by immigra a she would have to make her land Ws very liberal. The commission recom ed -sthat youths- of the age of sixteen arb should be allowed to select land, but lill still held to eighteen years, though ip ther colonies had adopted the sixteen. \- imit. At the age of fourteen a youth 1tkcease attending the national school. lb him, then, two years' experience on his -er'esblection, and then why not give him topporunnity to take up land ? In commit le would endeavour to reduce the age -16 years, and he hoped the House would de that. it should not be a .crime for a er to help his son. Referring to the sl to substitute sealed tenders for a in the matter of taking up selec s he said that there was danger by Sadoption of the sealed-tender system at the small man would always be outbid. eprovision for putting down "clashers" hi or might not be successful, but he sved that the five years' residence con \--on would reduce the number of appli. lions. He--?was-o·o'inced that the land S oteso been taken Tar speculative pur ~s He would like the present holders 1280.acre agricultural farms to be al wed t6 thange the tenure to that of the iu g farms. He referred especially to e Charleville and Roma farms as claim 4considerationin the way indicated. The rcultural land was assessed higher than e grazing farms, but it had been found Ssome cases that the land was not suitable r agriculture, though taken up as such. ieo promised to give the Minister every sistanse to make the bill a thoroughly goo& one. Mr. Kerr trusted that there would not be a repetition of rwhat happened last session with regard to the previous bill. He hoped that no pressure would lead to the with drawal of this measure. He believed selectors were generally opposed to tile allotment of land by sealed tender. His own opinion was that if personal residence were made a condition there would not be much need for ballot or tender, and they would lhear no more of those " clasher" applications. Mr. Stumiu said there was anxiety on the pert of settlers thalnt tile bill should hocome law. He was glad to see that the .Minister proposed even more liberal homesteadl clauses than did last year's bill. TbI:t would tend to very desirable settlemenit. It would be an act of justice if the home stead selectors under the Acts of 1876 and 1884 were allowed to talke more advantage of the conditions of the proposed new Act. Referring to the manner of dealing withl the leases of runs in the settled districtls. he objected to the proposal that the lessee should have the priority of selection, as lihe did to the suggestion that the Land B]oard be allowed to give the lessees a lease on parts of the country not likely to be wanted for settlement. No board could judge what might be the requirements of selection in the coastal districts during the next five or ten years. Mr. Boles agreed with Mr. Stumm that some furthler consideration should be given tolnining. The neglect which had mani fested itself with respect to the industry might suggest to outsiders that it lhad no representation in the House. As to the question generally, the tendency had been to get revenue out of the land rather than to settle people upon it. The policy of sending lecturers to England was a stupid one. There were hundreds of colonists whio would be willing to come and settle here were the land laws more liberal and more perman ent in their character. He would like toD see the bill made more liberal, and he be lieved if it were the revenue. far from being diminished, would ultimately be increased. For himself, he would just as soon see the bill knocked out altogether, in hope of some better measure being introduced. Where did the hen. member expectto get settlement to talke place if he renewed the leases for the settled districts for another ten years? He could not expect people to go to the bitck country. How did the hon. member know that these runs would not be required for use in the next ten years? In the settled district there were 12,093 square miles of country, which yielded £1 i5s. Gd. per square mile, or about £20,033 in revenue If all the runs there were thrown open for graz ing farms, or agricultural settlement,- it would return equally as much revenue. If the Minister wanted to get settlement, he would have to throw open a large area of the settled district. Mr. Foxton: Show me were there is any demand for it and it will be thrown open. I willguarantee it. Mr. Corfield said it seemed to him that the whole tendency of legislation and ad ministration has been to exact the maximum return from the land, rather than to pro mote settlement. Of course rent should be paid for land, but not so much as to block settlement. Mr. Fitzgerald said that a great deal of the clasher difficulty could be got over by a better inquiry into the merits of the different applications. A number of doubts as to .what was allowable under the Act might be removed if the Minister would insert afew more definitions and clauses in the bill. se objected to the Government selling the lands of the colony, which were bought up by thelessees of the stations on which the land was situated. The price paid was above the value of theland, and it was evident that the object'of the purchasers was to secure control of amuch larger area. S'e hoped that provision would be elimina ted from the bill. Mr. Murray gave credit to the Minister and the House fmor desiring to pass the most comprehensive and liberal land law that Queensland had ever had. With regardto close settlement, hen. members should not lose sight of the conditions prevailing in Queensland at the present time. Those conditions, to his mind, precluded the idea of close settlement. He held that what was generally considered close settlement in other countries was totally impracticable under present conditions. Therefore, he held it was the bounden duty of the House to look that question straight in the face, and frame a code of laws which would be suitable to the conditions prevailing in the country. Of the whole of the country, he considered there was fully three. quarters of it suitable for pastoral occupation only, and he thought that holdings of 20,000 acres of really good land would be practically close settlement under the present conditions, He did not go in so much for area as for quality. It was~the carrying capacity of pastoral coun try that should determine the area to be granted, and he thought that the area should be sufficient to return the holder and his family a reasonable living, and suficient payment for the labour expended upon it He believed that for pastoral purposes 20,000 acres of really good land was little enough. He had always felt that the further you went back, the more the area should be increased, and the rent diminished. In some parts 60,000 acres was not too much. As to the present bill, he considered it less liberal than the present law, and in some respects not so good. On the ballot versus the sealed tender system of tender, he held that if surrounded with proper conditions, the ballot was the better system. Mr. Bell said it had been the custom to bring in a land measure about every eight or ten years. The present measure, unlike previous ones, was accompanied with- a document compiled by a body of men who endeavoured to carry out their duties pro perly. There was no other document in existence which contained so much evidence of first-hand information and value about thle question of land settlement. The com mission were very careful as to how they sifted out their witnesses, rejecting the evi dence of persons who had personal griev ances in favour of that of practical men who were representatirve of the different classes of settlers. Mr. Leahy had asked who wanted tile lill; but if lie made inquiries he would find there was a crying demand for legislation of a remedial nature on the basis of that which now existed. There would he grievous disappointmlent in the country if the bill did not go through. In the bill before the House imost of the sug gestions of the commission were embodied. Mr. Kerr said hie had no fnhlt to find with the report of thie commission, nor had any one attacked it. He, lhowever, pointed out tlhat 1lie commission haid entirely ignored im line lanuds in the northl- west of the colney. He di d not complaiu of that ne glect. aol hI was glad to eay tlhat thie Minister lha:d proiuisvd it shoud ihe remedied by appointing a competent olither to report pon tlhat portion of the colonoi. 1ir. W. Tiiorn considered the Land Bill was a step in tile right direction, and he hloped the Minister would not. have to in troduce it a third time. He, however, strongly objected to thie clause iitroducing the sale of land by tender. He hoped it would not be carried, and hlie was sure that if it was the poor man would never have a show to get an acre of land in the colony. He was glad to see that ithe com missioners recommended that the ago at which youths could select land should be reduced, and he was glad to hear that tile Minister had no objection to it. He would like to see some proportion of the land re venue handed over to the divisional boards on the differential principle for the purposes of making roads to farming districts. Mr. Fogarty would have liked to hlave seen a provision in the bill increasing the acreage of good land which could be held. He was totally opposed to the secret tender system. BHe believed that that would take away from the poor selector the ghost of a chance of getting good land. He thought that a system of local boards would work more satisfactorily than tile Land Court constituted by the bill. Mr. Battersby said tlere were four distinct classes of settlers in the colony, and provision should be made to meet the legislative requirements of each of them. He held that the price charged for the coastal lands was far too high. He hoped that something would be done in Committee to permanently settle the clasher diffi culty. The Land Boardwere defeated the other day in regard to their decision in the matter of the Colintoa selection, and he believed if every Colinton case where selectors received adverse decisions from the board was taken to tile Supreme Court, the board's decision would be upheld. Mr. Keogh thought facilities should be given to allow men worlking on the rail way lines to settle by relaxing the condi tions of residence. He favoured, in re gard to the method of tendering, that a minimum and maximum price should be fixed when the land was opened. He favoured the reduction of the age at which land could be selected, to sixteen years. Mr. Grimes moved the adjournment of the debate; but, after some discussion, he withdrew the motion. With the permission of the House, he then proceeded with his remarks. On comparing the bill with the measure introduced last session, he had been struck by the little relative difference between them. Very few of the suggestions made by the . commission had been in corporated in the bill. (Mr. Foxton "Four important.") In thlat way it had been a disappointment to the members of the commission and himself. That, how ever, was made up somewhat by the appre eiation expressed by witnesses of the 1884 Act, which he considered was the best Act they had had. He was glad to see that the Minister had abandoned the pre-emptive system. He favoured the sealed tender system in connection with selection, and the shortening of the leases of grazing areas. Before twenty years had passed he believed that much closer settlement would result, and looked forward to the time when the grazing areas would be occupied by a num ber of dairy farmers. On the motion of Mr. Kidston, the debate was adjourned. ADJOURNMENT. Sir Horace Tozer, in moving the adjourn ment of the House, said the business for the following day would be Supply. The House adjourned at 1055 p.m. 