A BROKEN ENGCACEMENT. "I Will not give you back your letters," said he. "But you have'no right to keep them," said I, 'now¢ that you are :not engaged to me any longer, Mr Howard. "Oh, my dear," hie ansiwered, . "you cannot have all the advantage.. Tou have jilted me, and you an say what you, please, and I can prove ,the. truthi by our- correspondenee:i., I always kIept theorough; draft of minie, and there's no law.inathe land to make .me give ip 'my own ,letters:" .: ":Gentlemen don't- talk of-law- ;'they think of honor," said I;:0_:as, what'ver you pIess Miss Ta- 'isa :I?suppose the f:lct that my granlnd fathIerid not leave me his property ha.s a good deal ::to do with things being as they. are:.Good-bye, Miss Travis.r" ,. But I mus hay?vmy yetters backal?ind that nigliteas I saituiip in my bed I thought of th'e tv ay to do it.: Ben--I:mean -Mr How- ird; he was Ben to me no lonigoe-lived with Sally Gray's mother. Sally. was a girl you could trust., She was a plain little thing, with something the matter with :he;r spine; but just is good as gold. :; I told her everythring, and now .I intended to tell her the facts of the case, and get.her to'. let me-go into Ben's room :while hewas away' and look for my letters. : :, 'knew that Bein-I mein Mr Howard -was-out' by eight o'clock, and at nine I tapped on the basement window' and Sally,- who was makinig cherry pie,'look ed up and s iv me and opened.the door herself. ' ' And then and ithere I sat idow?n and told her ll about if and aboiit the let ters. "Anrid I want' you to help me to -get them, Sally," -I said., "'Let me get into HMr Howard's room ana take what be longs to me.-: And you will, won't you?" "It's a splendid idea," . said, Sally. "You'll have ,:to wait until lunch is over and Miss-Peck and Mrs Jones go -out. Then mother will lie down for a nap and Biddy,. will be. getting things ready -for dinner, and Sarah rubbing the forks and glasses .I'll get the- pass key-of course we have one for" every room. .'.ow, v do stay: for lunch, dar ling?" ,. --. , And cold- shivers ran up . my back when Sally. unlocked' the door. and we were really in the room--his room. - " "Ifsuppose he keeps:his letters in his desk," said she. "I know he doesn't put' them in his trunk, .buit this key .unlocks all the drawers and desks in the-house. We keep it to lend the lodgers when they .lose their key-rings:: Now,-I shall .lock you in and come for you in.an hour." I -drew. a chair-to the desk,- sat down, and turned the key in the lock: '-There was nothing inside but some notepaper, and a little package of fools-: cap, and pens, and inkstand, and a blot' ting pad. I shut the.desk and looked in the drawer. There was a cigar box. "Oh, -dear," I thought, - "where can' I look now?" " 'And I ivas about to try may key on the drawers,. when I beard the street door open and shut and feet- as oend the .stairs.. Then a key rattled in the lock, and I did the only possible thing to avoid'dis-' covery- at least for a moment: 'There was a wardrobe cupboard with" :curtains before it; I. rar towards ic and stobd boit uprigiht in the corner as Ben -I mean Mr Howard-entered, followed by another man. They shut the door and sat down. They lighted their pipes. "Ben," said the strange person, "you are not looking well." S"I'm feeling wretchedly," said , Mr Howard. "I-wouldn't tell another fel low; but I believe my heart is broken there, don't laugh. You-see thit photo graph on the mantelpiece? We were engaged-to each other," said Ben, "and I loved her better than my life, and ,I thought she was very fond of me. But you -know my. grandfather-cut me out of his .-will, and then a-rich fellow be gan to call upon- her, .and she picked a .quarrel with me.-- that's all. She's.a mercenary little wretch,: but I-I am a. fool, Henry. .I love her still. I shall keep her photograph all my life-and her letters to read and kiss. I would not give them-up." ."Stuff. and nonsense!" .said this- UMr 'Henry--ieartless brute! ."You'll find a better girl. in no time." "There is but one woman in the wvorld- for me," said Ben. "There, now, I'm done. You know my trouble. I'll hide it from the world, and :You will never speak of it to any one, I know." ':You'll not have any trouble in six months," said the horrible Mr Hoenry. '"Nodv you'li come up and spend your holiday ,with me, won't you? I'll just step out and buy those things for my wife,, and you pack up what you teed and imeet ime at the Stktion.". Then Henry walked away, and Ben yes, Ben; my poor Ben-took a bundle of letters from his bosom and kissed them,.. :and took down' my photo= graph and kissed that, and then, haiving pulled a'bag from the corner, he walked straightfto the wairdrobe and drew, the cu'rtain'black. : i.'The next moiment lie was starinig "at . adiad.I Iat him . ... S"Is:it iher ghost?" I heard him mutter; and -l'ell there I was..' It was not a situition .to imipart dignity. :. : '"It :iis only: me in the flesh, Ben,'" I said. - wish I w.as a ghost, so that: I could 'vnissh: ?nid now you can tiist anll youi life, if you like And I wili 'say somiethiig '-" Fi~itly, I' did'haot caire iabliout yo;bur. grandfather's::' horrid mnibiey;? seeoidly, I--I"-only .imeaht' t tiff :>littl&-notto .tbrdik off- only 'to frighten ?-yol. '-:Thirdly,; I--i'-h, 'I'? fouiid out that you really, and truly love me,- en, and-though it is broken off-I -I want to know-I .used 'to love you very much-and I couldn't be going:to marry:old Mr Javerill, because he is en gaged to my aunt Ophelia, and he never wanted me. I came to get my letters, but you may keep.them. I--i've misun derstood you, and though we part for ever, forgive me, Ben." And Sally was my bridesmaid when I married, and is to-day my dearest friend, and the only one who knows how Ben and I camne to make up our quarrel. -Jane Summers in "The Folks-rt IIome." 