[published by special abraxgehext.] N . DEADLY . PERIL C. Y. HARGREAVES, Author of " Friend or Traitor," " Soul of Kathleen." [COrYEIGHT.J IRE UP THE TAR barrel. lads; fire it up higher still. That light wouldn't bring a her ring boat in, much Its.* a brig. Fetch more wood, more wood, Dick. There, that's better. Lor, how the blazes!" The speaker rubbed liis hands together, chuckling with delight, which had something almost elfish in it. The lurid flaming glow from the bonfire sent savage gleams across the rocks, lighting tip every hole and cranny with its searching rays. It sent a glow, too, across the troubled, tossing waters of the mighty Atlantic, lashed now into fury by the on coming storm. Cracking, spluttering, blaz ing, like some hideous funeral pyre, fed by unholy hands, the light shot upwards Towards the heavens, while far away across The waste of waters, men's eager eyes, search ing ill the ftorm for place of refuge, caught the reflection of the gleams, and running their barque abend towards what seemed to promise anchorage and safety, were caught iull in the blast, scarce a mile away from the cruel rocks of Criven Point. The little party of wreckers, swarthy, low browed, and brutal, stood on the summit together, watching with eagc-r yet pitiless eyes the struggle of the gallant little barque, whose skipper, realising now the trap into which he had fallen, strained every nerve to steer away from those fatal rocks. But the fury of the storm was now at its height, and tossed hither and thither by the waves, sucked down one moment into the throat of some whirlpool, the next dashed high above the surf, his boat drifted help lessly like a splinter cf wood before the wind. It mattered little whether he found anchor age now, or perished in the storm. He and his barque with her valuable cargo must fall, at the turn of the tide, inio the hands of those lawless wretches, to whom mercy was uc Imown, and whose whole livelihood often depended upon what they could wrest from ihe dutches of the sea. Times have clianged since the poor, ill-fated &Tarr; Augusta, of Cardiff, went ashore that terrible night on the rocks of Criven Point. Legislation, with Iter powerful hand, has ihecked thy brutal trad?, and what the sea yields up is no longer the jvjss^ssion of the tinder: but in the year of which I speak, wrecking was the rule rather than the ex ception, and lawless bands of men infested ever inch of dangerous coastline, seeking by their bonfires to attract some gallant ship to Tue tide baa already turned, and was run rtner out, the fury of the storm seemed to he abating: somewhat, but the little barque struggled no longer. She had gone to pit-cos on the sharp rocks and the wild waste of ihe tossing' waters was strewn with dark masses of floating debris. When morning dawned an attempt would he made to reach she main portion of the wreck, but at present the hardy fishermen contented themselves with snatching from the ruthless grasp of the water? such floating- flotsam and jetsam as could be easily procured. It was a wild, weird scene, but not without n picturesque element. The moon had risen now, as if to aid the men in their unholy search, but the bonfire, no longer required, was burning down to a dull red glow, the heat in its vicinity almost insufferable. Perhaps a woman, who until then hud been a passive spectator of the wild scene. stand ing motionless on one of the narrow ledges of rock, found this warmth more penetrating than welcome, for she moved suddenly nwuv when, owing to the /all of a piece of timber, ;t bright fli'ine of sp-irka shut out in her direction, bringing with ii an intensified heat. She loosed the coarse i-hawi in which, until dow, she liad been wrapped, and allowed it to fall, revealing the ii&ome; lines of her shapely figure. She was tall, considerably nb-iVe the average- height for a wcinuu, easy an her gait, with an agility which sp-ike volumes for the free open-air life she lived. "A bad work, a bad work," she mur mured, striking her clenched hand upon the rock. "Ah, these poor doomed nretches! JiTnv God have mercy upon them, for inau will not." Her eyes, searching the wild waves, scorned to take in every detail. She could see the men, waist deep in the water, fighting with the waves and each other for a share of the fcj>oil, their voices, oaths, and shouts coming rlearir up to hc-r above the moaning of the wind. Further away, motionless upon the wreck-strewn shore. lay two figures. It was no new sight—she bad seen such often before —but even now, familiar though the scene had grown, a slight shudder convulsed her. Then she turned and ran lightly down the rocks. A minute later the was amongst the busy crowd. There were women there, too, Joud-voiced, brazen, lacking in every softer feminine attribute, and eager as the men for . Ihcir share of the spoil. Justus Joan Hallory reached the shore, another body had been brought in—that of a tall, slim man, whose dress, although minus coat and waistcoat, testified to his rauk in life. There was a slight scuflle between the two men who had dragged him up on to the shore. But the find was a rich one; quite a little store of gold fell into their eager hands as they rifled his pockets. On or two things, such as old letters, a hunch of keys, and a lead pencil, they flung away with an oath, leaving the man^there amongst his ill-fated companions. Joan Mallory bent over him. His face, with its aquiline features and waves of curly hair, was of indescribable beauty : he seemed as much removed from her world as if he were a creature of another hemi sphere. She tore open his ruftled shirt, plac ing her.hand upon his heart. It still beat faintly. Just then one of the men came up to her— a swarthy, dark-eyed man, with a (hue-devil beauty, which appalled even while it attracted. 44 We are in luck's way to-night, Joan," he said, placing his liana familiarly upon her shoulder. Such a r-re haul, and mine no poor share. Another night like this, anil you and I can set up our tout together. What doing with this fellow? Ah, 1 girl, his pockets were rifled some time since : there i> nothing for your pretty fingers. A pity, too, since you are not over fond of poking about dead men. Brought your mind to your situation, eh ? It's time. The wife of *a wrecker can't afford to have fine feelings." ''He has nothing worth taking." she said, rising from her knees with apparent indiffer ence ; but a keen observer might have noticed that she remained standing in such a position I that her skirts partially sheltered the pros trate man. Is tills night's work over vet;"" *4 "Pretty nearly. Come, confess now. JY>; it is an ca>y way of making a livelihood." "An easy but a cruel way," she returned. He frowned a little,'elatebiug her shouldei with a grip that pained her. *• Don't be a foo!," he said, roughly. 44 I it were a new game one might intense your jquramishness, but haven't you spent all your life iu it!' Bah, my girl, what is the difference? Some hunt animals, and soi hunt men. It's all the same in the l*j run." She seemed as if about to speak, checked herself and was silent. The wind bio in gu-ts. Joan's hair had become uuloosed and was blowing about her face tendrils. Steve Bathurst's face changed, he drew the girl nearer to hiin, pressing his lips a moment to her pale cheek. 441 couldn't give up the work, oven if I would—because it is the only way I can make a home for you.'' he muttered, his votce vibrating with a fierce passion : then he pushed her a little roughly away, ar.d went back to Join his feiiows. Joan looked alter him. In her eyes an expression half dread, hair fascination. He was to be her husband—litis n.an ^ held human lite so lightly that he would t it with careless indifference, us lie mi wring a sparrow's neck. Already glamour of their early couitthio had uti She was longing now only to be free, she moved, her glance fell ou the prostrate man. His eyes were open, staring a: her dazed bewilderment. The crnel_i7ave< 1 about, bruised by the rocks, be was still alive, and const-iocs. Thought is quick, and thought accelerated >y apprehension quicker still. —for vour lite." murmured Joan, bending over him. and though faintly understanding, the man obeyed. Shi knew well what he did not—that de?:>orate band of wreckers vrcuhl think nothing- of taking away what little remained to their victim. Living, he might still witness against them—dead, he would be harmlev All the woman in Joan alallory's heart awoke into being. She would save this man —save just this one. and by doing so, ease at least some of the intolerable smart of con wiener-, which was herportiouday and night. But it would be no easy task. £?he bent down on nreience to fj-ten her shoe and ears were all around them. "Do you tini.-r.-biud me:" she said. in a rapid whisper. ''You are in peril of your life here, but I will xive you, it I can. Li-ten : C:itj you move, do you think r" He whispered buck a faint affirmative. The wind had fallen to a curious (juietne-s. even, the booming of the waves was less distinct. Joan ihtllory's practised eve.-, looking seawards, saw coming what might be the mnn's .-nhv.tion. Slowly it moved ouwards. ever broadening, bit by bit, mLty, impalpable, white aa<l opaque, clinging like smoke-wreaths around the sharpened points of the rocks, hiding even thc-ir rugged fronts, rendering more and^more indistinct the knots This sea fog. all unexpected as it was, gave Joan Hallory her chance. She tightened her fingers the man's wrist. "Now—come with me," she whispered. " "Don't speak, don't utter a word. Your life, perhap.- mine, hangs on our secrecy." I He raised himself with an effort, tutting a moan of pain between his clenched teeth. It seemed to Forbes Devercox as if every bone in his body were oat of joint, but where this girl exhibited such bravery, he could scarcely show himself a coward." "Well was it for Joan Mallory now that she could, even blindfolded, have found her way from east to west of Crivcu Point. Devereux stumbled along' beside her. Half-perished with cold, dazed, suffering and exhausted, it seemed to him, in his enfeebled condition, that they must have walked for miles, although in reality the distance scarcely measured four hundred yards. Around them the fog was thickening. He could scarcely distinguish the outline of his companion's figure. At last the girl stopped, and feeling cautiously about, seerael to be moving aside some bushes, which probably concealed the month of a cave. "It is only a poor shelter,** she said, apologetically, " but anything is better than the opeu beach. Come, bend your head, because the entrance is so low. You are quite safe at present." Devereux obeyed: a moment later tbey were out of the fog, it is true, but in pitchy: darkness. Joan STallorr, who had produced a tinder box from somewhere, struck a light. Devereux looked rouud him in surprise. Despite the pain he was suffering, his curiosity had been keenly aroused by the events of the last four minutes: all this savoured of romauce. and to a highly strung, imaginative man like Forbes Dcvercux, romance possesses a keen fascination. The cave was a large one, torn by some terrible convulsion of nature, in the heart of one of those mighty rocks, which made the coast line of Criveu Point such a terror to mariners. It was u rude enough shelter, hut as Joan had said, would serve their purpose. Two ledges of rock, jutting out from the tfnll, made a convenient resting- place, and upon one of these was thrown a skin rug. The floor was covered by a carpet of rushes, and the atmosphere of the cave, although by no means airy. w;is far from uupleasant. To Devereux. after the chilling cold and fog outside, it felt like hcaveu. He sank on to one oF the ledges, rubbing his chi led bands together, in a vain effort to induce some warmth. Joan meanwhile was kindling a fire from some dried .sticks at the further end of the cave. It blazed brightly up, warming t atmosphere, although rendering it perhaps little choky. Devereux was in no mind to cavil at this. He coughed once or twice, it was better to be warm arid partially stifled here, than perish outside. Joan handed him a loltle. She had un corked it, and a strong smell of spirits floated up to hhn. Devereux drank it eagerly. A slow fire began to burn in his veins circula tion, hitherto slow, quickened, a grateful warmth pervaded every nerve, already lie felt refreshed, invigorated, as if new had been put into him. "It is good stutr," he said, huudiug bottlo back to her. A half-smile dawned in the girl's brilliant " Yes," sue said, 41 there has been no duty paid ou that, co it tastes better. Wo ai primitive folks out here in the west." 44 Very primitive." he said slowly. "i primitive that your companions are willing i lure a gallant barque to her ruin, caring less for the valuable lives she carries than the indilforeut merchandise with which she is loaded. Toll me now—I don't understand. Why have you saved :nv life—you belong to them r" Tie was staring at tlie girl's handsome face. What a healthy, spirited incarnation of womankind sue appeared, standing there in tlte lurid light of the lire, the magnificent lines of fire and figure brought into bold relief a'juiust that ruddy b-ckground. quick glow of shame burned ou her cheeks. "Yes. 1 am one of them, God help ine," she said sorrowfully. 41 But it is by uo choice of mine." " Your father, your brothers, have part the r.rotal tnHb r" Joan shook her hc-ad. 411 have neither cue nor the other. They rescued me, a waif from the ocean, and so " •have lived with them ever "since. In thci rough way they have been good to me, and I cannot betray them. Still I have longed to go away, to earn my living by honest work, bat what can a poor, ignorant fisher girl do r I am bound hand and foot. I did not kuow always the terrible secrets of Crivc-n Point, or that gallant ships were lured by false beacons to wreck and ruin. If I could nun means of escape I would." Her sombre eyes were gazing into the fire, the bright colour had faded from her cheeks, Dcvereux crossed tho cave to her. He moved slowly, and with difficulty. Why don't you escape," berried eagerly. " Cojue, you have saved my lite, let me mt yours, for indeed it is no life, which you li here. It is death ; a living death—nay wo: than death. Joan raiu^ht her breath, staring1 back at him with startled, distended eyes. " I will help you/' lie urged. It was a strange scene. The rude cave, blackened with smoke wreaths, the two figures standing motionless there in the strong light, Devereux's handsome face, pale with agitation, his .shirt soaking wet, torn and besmirched with blood stains, pleading with Jean a.-, lie might have pleaded with a sister. The girl's curious charm and fascination, which had so dominated oven the lawless heart of Steve Bathurst, asserted itself again, making Devereux as a reed in this new passion, which was as fierce as it was uuac counuible. Men have tumbled intoflove as rapidly as they have tumbled into hate—and indeed the girl was very beautiful. "Bat what should I do in*your world r" she said, sadly. " No, it is impossible. I must remain here, marry, and bring up children in this same hateful life." "Xever!" he exclaimed. "I will save you in spite oOyoursclf." '-"But your own life is not even assured vet," she said, with a wistful smile. "It hangs on a thread. Discovery here would mean certain death to you. "\Vc must move "Does anyone know of this cave besides nrselfhe,asked. 14 One other : the man I hare promised to Dcvereux frowned, and was silent. " I dare not keep you here very long,1' she went on rapidlj*. '1 Before morniug you must have left. If the storm abates I will procure a boat and row you up the coast as far as Bardet. There you would be safe and could make your way across country to the nearest town. Have you any money r" Devereux examined his pockets. "Kb," he said, half comically. "Your friends have taken means to prevent my becoming a spendthrift." Joun blushed scarlet with shame. Devereux took her hands suddculy in his own ? "Listen to me," he exclaimed. " I will not leave this place without you, of that I am determined. If escape is possible, then let us escape together." There was u.pause. Suddenly Joan started uway from him. Placing her finger on her lips, she crept stealthily to the entrance of the cave. Her practised oars, ever on the alert, had caught the sound of footsteps, loud, dominant footsteps which chased every atom of colour from her cheeks. Theu came rustling of tlm bushes. " Quick," whispered Joan in an agony of apprehension, lnotioiiiilg Devereux to the darkest corner of the cave. " It is Batourst." Devereux crouched Ion*. He was no coward, but his heart beat unpleasantly fast. Whatever the strength of a man's courage the consciousness that lie is absolutely unarmed and at his enemy's mercy might be excuse enough fur apprehension, aud if Devereux was done to death here there would be no witness against his murderer save frail woman whose life hung also in the balance. "Are V04, there, Joan?" called a strong voice with a note of command iu its tones. "Yis," answered Joun; "what do vou want. Stive r" '• Yon," he laughed, and pushing aside the budies, strode in. " f missed you. and sol started in search. Truly a wild night to hide 3*oursolf here, Joan !" "i caine for something i naa ie:t nei yesterday," she said tranquilly. " Win have you there. Steve.5-" Balhurst laughed again. He was dantrli:i a long gold chain bi-foro her eves. Dcvere:; 1:1 his comer could see it glitter, as the ehai swung- slowly to and fro. •'Something for your pretty* v.cek. my Joan. It is part of to-night's spoil, and I claimed it m my share. Will Trrssiidy fought me for it, but my thow3 and sinews stronger Lhuu liis. Come, let me fasten it. round you." Joan shrank away from hiin. "Ah. don't—don't ask me to take it. Steve," she wailed, forgetting in Iter horror even her owu safety and DevereuxV '• It is the price of blood. I should see the stains always." Batlmrst flung it down with an oath, shak ing her roughly by the shoulders. Devireu.x caught his. breath, for one moment passion had almost overmastered him. "You dare to speak to nxe like that?" foamed the man, half-choked with rage. " This is all I get for my love and devotion to you. Scorn, gibes, nbu.-r. Do you think I am made of fle.-h and blood, or stone *r heavens, but I'll reach you better than that. I'li be played with no longer His powerful frame was quivering with anger, the veins on ins iorenead stood out like whipcord. Joan tall, alert, strong though she was, seemed but a child in his grip. "I believe you care even more for the body of that dead man whom I found you hung over o«rthe bcticli. scarce two hours ago, than you do for me." he went on, stamping the chain under his fuot. "But I warn you, I tvani you, that I'll bring you to my kuoi yet." Bathurst banged out of the cave. Jo:u with her face'buried in her hands, was sol bing piteously. "Ah, what bnvc I doner" she wailed beneath hor breath. •' Fool that I am ; w' I should have conciliated him, lulled his suspicious, I have made things doubly difiieult. Wo are undone." Devereux did his best to console her. Hone is an important factor in the human breast. It could not be that after all these hairbreadth escapes luck would forsake him now. Joan dusbed her tears aside. She was silent; and seemed to be thinking deeply. " Wait here," she said «: last. " I must go out and search. There is no time to lose " Bat, he urged, filled with chivalrous fcur for her. ''Von may be running into danger. Perhaps they have even gue.-sed at my escape. At least let me come with you and take the risk also." That would serve no-good purpose," said Joan, putting him back with a resolute hand. I must go alone. It is possible JJnthurst av be outside ; and if so he might—I do not know."' Girl !" exclaimed Devereax, speaking by force of her example m low, guarded tones. "you cannot surely dream cf marrying this man, steeped as -he is, as he must be, from head to foot in crime "i You would participate in his sin." " No," she said, in a law, troubled voice, "Ihave told him over nud over again that until he gives up this horrible work I will never marry him.M ''There would be still the pa^t, hidrou* memoric-* to crowd about your heart and noil ever)'innocent thought of the present. Joan j —your name is Joan, is it not r—I beseech i you by everything you hold sacred to come away with n»e uow, to shake the dust of this accursed plat e from your feet, forget Bathuret and hU brutal companions, and live a new life elsewhere." "That is for the future to deride," said Joan, quietly. "I must consider our present safety. Do not detain me any longer, sir. Let me see what help 1 can find." Joan Mallory went out. A memory had darted Into her inind of having carli'r iu the day seen a boat drawn upon the shingles at the foot of the rock which at present gave them skelter. If it were still there, and uuin jured by storm, then their safety—provided, The fog was clearing- rapidly away—almost too rapidly, Joan feared, because in the keciy searching rays of the moonlight her move ments could be distinctly seen. Still thero; was no help for it, the danger, whatever it might prove, must be faced. She could not at first determine exactly where the boat lay; surely it had been almost directly in front of; tbeir hiding-place, but now it had dig. appeared. Oh, no, thank heaven, there it. was; a little more to the right, but tbero still, untouched, unharmed by the terrible storm. Joan's practised eye ran over tho. desolate waste of shingle. There would bo little or no difficulty to launch the boat here, and once afloat She clasped her haudg' together, looking wistfully about. After nil,■ • this place, this lonely little Criveu Point, had been* her home, and its people,. after their fashion, kind to her. Some self-reproach. ; mingled with that wild intoxicating hope of freedom. . Must she leave them thus, without a single look, a whispered word of thanks and fare-' well? She bent down to examine the boat, ' then started, a half uttered cry on her Hps. Tho boat was Bathurst's—the "Joan Mallory." In his first flush of pride and passion Bnthurat bad christened his good craft by tho name of the woman he loved. Many a pleasunt hour had Joan passed in it. and now at lust she was putting it to, a ' treacherous use, and the "Joan Mallory" must serve as a means of escape. She Hat down in the storn, buryiug her face iu her rough hands. Up there in the cave .Forbes - Devereux waited impatiently. " I want to do right, I want to do right, but the way is very hard,'* murmured Joan beneath bcr breath. Presently she became, aware of voices—steps. Only just in time to escape observation, Joan knelt down behind the boat, holding ' her breath, for fpav of detection, The action itself was unwise, but Juan did not pause to think, indeed .she hud no time; for the .speaker.*, who had emerged from behind » low group of boulders, detached fragments > from the mighty rocks above, were close upon the boat almost before Juan had crouched behind it for shelter. She recognised Bathur.st's voice, and trembled violently. If they should make an attempt to lauuch the boat, she must be dis covered. One of the men sat down upon it; she roald feel the boat .shift under hi.* weight, and hear the dull .swish of water which had collected in the bottom. ""What is this cock-and-bull story going about amongst the women ?" said Buthurst'd rough voice.' The second man laughed. He was digging, holes in the shingle with the heels of his heavy boot*. " Oli, so you heard it ?" he said, and Joan recognised the sneaker—her foster brother, Hewson Mallorv. "A cock-and-bull story truly. The wutuen Kay there were live bodies washed up on the shore, and now there are but four for the parson to bury. Ouo must have walked; only dead meu don't often walk." " I seem to remember seeing five myself," said Ihithursr, .slowly. •'Been drinking', eh'r" "I hadn't time for even a nip at flso whisky bottle this night, * but I did see five." "Oh, gammon; you're worso^than tho women. What's running in yirav head " I've a mind to look for that fifth man," went 0:1 Buthurst. "Maybe I could find Joan's heart stood still. " What, going to look now There was unmistakable derision in Hewson Mallory's "No, not now; I'll wait a bit. Time . enough : he can't get away in a hurry. Maybe Joan knows something of this." '• Jounr—ble.-s the girl, not she. What' put that into your head r" "I reckon that's no business of yours,", said Barhurst, sullenly. "But she wasn't even on the beach. I saw her up there by the bonfire. Catcli Joan amongst that work. You know her better." " Well, she was there, tout's all, for I talked with her," retorted Bathur.-t. " Quarrelled again ? Wliv don't you leave the girl alone? She'll never marry you." "Won't fiber" llathurst rapped out an oath between his teeth. ""We'll sec about that." " Ilallo, where are you going?" shouted Mallorr. His companion had evidently made a movement to depart. The boat gave a great lurch, squeezing .Toan'> fingers as if iu a trap. Willi diftioulty she repressed a scream. — " I left my dog on guard tip there by Urn cliff," said Bathurst. Joan could just make out the words, although the speaker was now tome distance away. "Trapped a couple of gulls, so I am going for them." A inomcnt later liewsou Mallory also moved off. Crunch, crunch, crunch, liis heavy steps went across the shingle. Joan did not dare to move. She must give him n few minutes' clear start. It was just possible he might seek her iu the cave, but she felt sure that if he did ho would call out to her first, and, failing to receive an answer, would not go in. Joan fervently prayed that this might bo so. She simply durcd not disclose herself now. Hevcreux must take the risk. Ifer presence at this late hour of the night, and hero amongst the rocks, would only intensify the danger. So she remained crouching there behind the boat. Meanwhile the fog con tinued to lift. Now, as ill luck would have it, Mallorv did go to the cave in search of Joan, but, con trary to what she had hoped, not receiving any answer, he went boldly in. Forbes Dcvercux, warned in time by the heavy fetepa and Mallory'w voice bumming a rollicking song, had retreated to the further corner of the cave, hiding himself under the rug, k which he had hastily drag^cl down.. From this hiding-place ho could tuko stock of his enemy and calculate tbo chance of victory if it came to a struggle between them. In this one instance Devereux had cause to congratulate himself. Mai lory was by no means Bathurst's equal in si see or strength,-so that .while in an encounter with tho latter Devereux would have been but as a reed, he could..'bo* fancied, make short-'work of the new-comer. There was not much time to lose,', cither. - Any moment- Joan; might return. He must make things sure before the did so. Besides! Dcvereux'.s blood was up and itching to be at his enemy. He would show scant mercy, for. hud not this man, in common with others, lured the ill fated Mary Augusta to her ruin, and her helpless crew to their death ? Meanwhile ho waited his opportunity. It ■went against the grain to take anv man at a disadvantage and attack him from behind, hut lie had tho girl's safety also to consider. His own defeat might mean to her—Tvhat? He scarcely dared think. Mullory sat down at last on a short-legged stool near the fire. It was chilly outside, and he rubbed bis bands together as if the warmth here were plea&ant.; Deverecx's hand closed upon a coil of rope near to him. He would have need of that. Then; quickly, cautiously, with bated breath, and noiseless tread, he stole forth fiom his hiding-place. One step, two, three, then Dcvereux, coming in contact with a projection of rock in thctloor, kicked his foot against it. There was a harsh scrape, a bang—Mallory jumped to his feet, facing Dovereux in the dim light, starting as if he had seen a ghost. Taking advantage of this one second's indecision, Xkrereux flung himself upon his enemy. The deadly struggle brgan. To and fro, to and fro, they rocked, swayed i •wrestled, no sound save a muttered curse their savage laboured breath, to break the fileuce; but at last superior weight, muscle, and training began to tell. 3lai)ory, who was no match for his antagonist, fought desperately against the uncrjual'ortds, bathe was done. the struggle grew weaker, ' .tripped, tried to regain his"?balance, swu heavily about, and then went down. Keening one knee upon his antagoni chest, JDevcreux reached out his hand for coil of rope, and firmly pinioned ilullory hand and foot, the helpless man making 1 feeble resistance. In the midst of all this, Joan came . Speechless, terrified, she stood by the entrance of the cavern, looking on with startled, apprehensive eyes. "Yes," saul Devercux, grimly. "There was no other way. He would not have hesitated to take my life. I have but taken his liberty." Hallory burst into a storm of execrations. Joan shrank away, trembling in every limb. The little scene had oomplcteh' unnerved her. "Hold your tongue," saiu Devereux. emphasising his words with a kick. "Have you forgotten she is a woman, von hound ? Then he drew Joan without the cave. " You must come now," iicsaid. "You cannot stay here." "Alt, but to leave liim like this, it is brutal," she sobbed. "lie may starve here." " No fear of that. I trill send messengers to-morrow, A night's fast will do him no harm. Still, if you wish to remain " Joan was jsilent. It was evident the struggle in her mind was long and tierce, but at last she looked up, Her face was drawn and pale, but tbe fire of courage was burning in her eyes. This was no time for tears. " Tho storm has abated, and just below us on the shingle there is a boat," she whispered. "The sea is still very rough, but something must be risked ! You arc tired, exhausted I know, but " " Xot too rired to make a struggle for my life," ho said, gently, "but what about you r" "J go also," she respond?!, with a sob just breaking the words. "There is uo place me now—here." Silently, hand in hand, like culprits fleeing from justice, the two fugitives made their way carefully down the uneven slope which led to the beach below, livery vestige of the fog lmd cleared away, and overhead Site moon, sailing through the storm-tossed sky, sent Inn clear beams across the rocky coast and of foaming waters. Neither spoke a word. Discovery meant death, and were they not facing a peril almost equal? Surely the chances were ton to one, that this frail boat could live on such a sea Well, better death in tho painless waters thai death at the cruel hands of men. ".Help me to push her 01T," whimpered Joan, as they reached the boat, which the receding tide* had left high and dry on the . fihingle. "Should we get a good start, we are out^pf danger. The other fmts are all half a nitlo away,, and if you can row, we ehall soon be beyond pursuit. I will take an car also." . _ Tho boat grated on tho ritinglo. \ flue line of foam lapped up about them, tho spray was coming up into Dcveroux\s face. "Courage," lie said gaily, his natural buoyancy already asserting* itself. " We shall live to light another day, Joan." Joan looked behind her. An exclamation of terror broke from her lips. "It is all over," she said, lip.nds in lip.nds in an agonv of terror and dispair. •nvc arc discovered. Eatliurst has teen | us 1" Dcvereux wheeled round. The figure of a muu was seen running with tlic speed of a hare down the little declivity which led from the cave. .Scarcely a hundred ri .•separated bin. from them, und bis vi raised in a threatening shout, came to their ears above the moaning of the wind. • In with yon!" muttered Devercux, stifling an oath between his teeth. "We • Will baffle him yet." : IIe pii*licd oil' from the shore, while under J Ws long powerful strokes-, the boat ploughed gallantly through the troubled sea. The spray dashed over them like clouds of smoke, beneath the bows tho water was gurgling and hissing in impotent wrath. A few more yards and they would be in comparative safety. Great , drops of perspiration stood out < Deveroux's brow. Ifo had by no meai recovered from tho effects of his latcimmersio Jdau'sat'.crouched in the fitcrn : therO was i third oar, ami in his haste Dcvercux had seized the two available ones. They could not change now, although po.'sibly, her weight might have told more than his, for she was strong and hardy and accustomed, to' the heavy feu oars, which ho wielded with some difficulty! Jlathur.si; reached the shore \ baffled hut, undaunted still, ho raised his gun to his shoulder, and took steady nifn. There was a quick report, a whistle. Joan uttered a little moan and sank helplosdj' forward. " Bow on, row on," she .-aid faintly, "it is nothing; just a little wound, that is all. You cuu do nothing for mo here." Deverenx, sick with horror, censed rowing, but a cursory examination proved nothing to his inexperienced eyes. She was wounded in the chest, but it might be the hurt was slight. . i *' It is nothing," she reiteral - "Nothing; row on to safety. If wo cui\ reach Rardet we are safe." Devercux obeyed. Perhaps she was right. He could not help her out. on the open sea. If there was blooding at all it must be inwardly. Slowly the time passed on. Joan spoke little, but always encouragingly. Tue wi" * ness of the waters was abating. Devorei though-worn out and weary, could still hold on his way. And thou, just as the first, pale gleams of sunlight brightened the eastern heavens, and through the misty shadows Bar.iet could be seen, nestling peacefully on the indented coast, Joan Mtillory gave a long shuddering sigh. Devereux rested upon Ins oars, gu; at her anxiously. "Can I do nothing for your" he n&ked;, with a break in his strong voice. " I feel so faint and—and—What is the matter!' I was never like this before." She put out her hands . towards birr weakly, half-frightened, as a child might do. Devercux drew them into his own. A passion of remorse was welling up into his heart. But for him this would never 1 happened. "*.\fy poor girli Oh, my poor girl," ho said brokeulv. "I am so 'tired. It is growiug dark, the night come already ?" A long silence. No, not the night; only the dawning eternal day for Joan Mutlory. 