THE FUTURE OF GHOSTS. What will the next century have to say about Ghosts? It is in'obtible, almost inevit able, that a number of tlie problems, yet In soluble, which occupy tlie minds ot' men will have beeu disposed of before another hun- dred years have passed away. Science lias been busying itself chiefly during the past iu connection with material things and such questions as have to do with universal con siderations of practical utility, aud the differ ence between the world of to-day aud Ihe world of yesterday is the proof of what lias boou accomplished. But recently a great deal of study lias been given to unsubstan tial matters, and something like an effort to apply tlie rules of scientillc inquiry to the alleged existence of ghosts is now belug made. Efforts of tlie kiutl have been made before without auy important result having beeu readied iu connection with various branches of real or supposed spiritual mys tery. Twenty years ago, when tlie pheno mena of table-rapping, splrit-rendiug or wri ting, and the planchette were comparatively cew and astounding things, a committee of gentlemen in Loudon devoted a great deal of time to a thorough investigation of them. Among the members of it were able scient ists, well-known lawyers, business and lite rary men, aud others representing most call ings which require the exercise of common seiise aud trained Intelligence of a special kind. They constituted an ideal jury, aud one whose verdict could not fall to carry some weight. After a great deal of experi ment and Inquiry into the evidence put for- ward, they reached the general conclusion that tinder the phenomena which had at tracted so much public attoution and enabled many persons to earn a good liviDg by questionable means while tlie craze lasted, there was some force at work not yet comprehended. Trickery was found to have been employed in some cases, but results not explicable by any law known to science were obtained under test condi tions which seemed to prevent the possibi lity of it. On the whole, the Investigation had no result beyond this verdict that "there was something in it." Very few, if any, of the investigators inclined to the be lief that the something was in any case the spirit of a dead xiersou. And it would be singular if tbey had come to any other con clusion. The utter futility and frequently the silly ineptitude of the messages general ly obtained from table-legs and planchette pencils, if there were no other improbabi lity to be considered, greatly discount! the likelihood of these emanating from spirits of deceased human beings. Often at professional seances ambitious mediums would call up the shades of persons of emi nence. Shakespeare was a favorite with them, as was Milton, Bacon, and Bunyan. The great Napoleon had to come when re quired, aud some of the conjurors used to show their range by having Julius Caesar, Socrates, and our general ancestor, Adam, iu the bill. These spirits generally did not appear to know anything worth telling, and generally delivered their rubbishing mes sages in the same orthography or language as that of the medium. The Psychical Society" keeps steadily n. +i'\jin»- fn wlnunw tlie crrnih. if there is any, from among the husks of so-called spiritual manifestations. They have beeu at this for some years, and tliey are a body which must he credited with earnestuess anil ability. They have published reports which show Unit the.v are proceeding along what seem reasonable lines to analyse the particular eases which come under their no tice. Anything of a disturbing and myste rious nature is grist for their philosophical mill. The Maclean mystery aud the Eumore stone-tlirowing case would be transparent commonplaces, compared with some of the doings aud sceings they have had in hand. Visions and premonitions they deal with, inexplicable sotiuds, creepy sensations not based on auy obvious reason, unexplainablo impulses of attraction or aversion to places or persons, and— "all that kind of thing." Family ghosts are made a speciality. It can hardly be thought that anyone who has never felt "the hair of his flesh" stir because some unseeu shape of fear or horror seemed to be near him, anyone physically strong and mentally armed with the belief tbat everything not demonstrable by rules which apply to matter is "stuff and rubbish," will be impressed by any evidence which the re cords of the Psychical Society can bring forward in supjiort of the old theory that spectres and phantoms of the dead actually An. Imzinf +!)<» nut'fli tinrl tllOTIIfiPlvDS visible or audible to the living. Nor do the Investigators seek to place much weight upon such evidence. They are merely seek ing for the truth, and from time to time disclosiug autheutic particulars of how the search proceeds. Up to the present time some things have been revealed which may be coincidences, but eveu as such would be very extraordinary. "Enongli lias been done by those who are investigating on the lines of the Psychical Society to make it worth while for them to proceed," said the "Spectator" recently, and that is probably what all reasonable persons cognisant of tlieir researches would say. It is possible that something which the investigators could not discover, 01: some kuowledge of the relations of mind to .matter which they 4I0 not possess — which science does not yet possess— would explain away what seems so strange in some of the cases considered.. But this branch of inquiry is still in i1s in fancy, and its methods may he greatly im proved iu tlie future. There has not yet been anything advanced authoritatively, it is generally conceded, which js likely to re vive the world's rapidly fading belief 111 gliosis. There are numberless instances of persons who have lielio veil that such visi tants came to them, but there is no evidence of tlie kind required in law courts to prove that they were not mistaken. Tlie probability is that the more thor oughly this branch of study is pursued, the sooner will ghosts have to go. While no good reason can be shown for believing that there ever was such a thing as a haun ted manor witliin the leugtii and breadth of England, a great deal of proof seems to bo furnished that the human mind is sub ject to phases of aberration which make any imagined thing seem to It real. Aud these phases may be recurrent, so that un der certain circumstances an impression ilill lug till Ulc UL tlUHUiUlU tUUVll tion may be repeated and become continu ous. In tbe domain of hypnotism this fact Is well ascertained. Nobody who has ordi nary experience will in these times doubt that whatever tlie mystery of it is, one hav ing mesmeric power can dominate aud di rect, within certain limits, tlie mimls of others who yield to liis influence. After this 1ms been doue frequently it has hap pened that tlie snbjeet almost surrenders his individual will in some particular, and sees only as lie lias been bidden to see. Possibly, as has been suggested, there may be some sueli influence in places aud asso ciations, though the subject is still in the dark. Intrinsically the belief iu visions aucl hallucinations ns tilings actual is not more wonderful than the belief of the mesmeris ed piirson that the raw turnips he is bidden to devour in the presence of a pleas ed public are luscious pears. This is quite as l'ai; In tlie domain of the supernatural, to the mind of the uninformed, lis the sheeted ghosts that were said to squeak and gibber iu the streets of Rome ou a certain occasion, or tlie disturbing pre sences which have been thought to haunt so many of the castles and country seats of tlie British nobility anil aristocracy. The secret of mesmeric force has not yet been discovered, hut if it ever is there will pro- iiuiuy ue auiiiencic ligiit 1 mown ou uie pro blem of how ghosts are made. Then l'or all purposes of superstition the ghost will .be rendered useless. This will be a relief to people who would otherwise livei, as many do now, in terror of the supernatural, but may be an occasion for regret to some property owners, whose family spectres are thought highly of. Ouly a couple of years ago, it may be remembered, a gentleman who bought Cumuor Hall, in the belief tlmt Amy KobsnrPs ghost still came forth in the sad moonlight through the old rooms, set the law in motion to get his money bnek when he found that there was no ghost at tached to the place. The annual parish festival In connection with St. Luke's (Burwood and Concord) was held lost evening in the Parish- hall, Eurwood-road. An organ recital was given by -Mr. Gooch. and sub sequently the annual meeting was held, the olei- gymen present including the Revs. H. Martin and A. E. Belltnghain, M.A. The retiring incumbent, Canon Moreton, wus presented with a' purse of sovereigns and an illuminated address from the parishioners, and an enlarged photograph of bis Sunday scholars and himself from the members of tbs Sabbath school. 