SHORT STORIES. A MYSTERIOUS DOCTOR. (Written for the "Examiner," by "Delta" CHAPTER VIII. HOME-WHO IS THIE IMPOSTrER? A CURIOUS BIRTH-MARK. CHINESE HONOUR. Dinner was over at Drayton Lodge, Shortlands. The gentlemen spent but a short time over their Iwline, and then followed Mrs. Archer to the draw ing- room, where the dear old lady reigned supreme. And what a room it was, with its luxurious couches and handsome mirrors; and a piece of needlework !here, and a bowl of roses or periodical there, showed plainly that a womanly woman: presided. "Coffee not arrived yet, eh, my dear?" asked jovial Mr. Archer, rub bing his hands and smacking his lips as 'though ,in aniticipation of a good tyling. "Not yet.," replied the old lady, and gliancing up at the tiny brass skeleton clock on the mantelpiece said: "Thomas never brinlgs it until nine, and it still wants a quarter to the hour. If 'the time seems l'uong to you, Jack will beguile it by telling us some of the experiences he passed through in the colonies." "Yes, of course he will. Now, my boy, strike up. I know that trip of yours cost nme a pretty penny! Money we'll spent, eh, Jack? But bless my soul, you 'haive come back to us with manners more befitting an old main thani a young one. Where are your old-time spirits? Come, sir, you must :bright,en our home a little." "I am sorry, sir, you find me so dull," said the young man. "But I'm afraid I'm out of sorts. If you and my mother are agreeable I .will run down to Chat haan, and see some fellows there whom I know. Young Wilkie, whom I met in Melbourne, has come 'to pass an exam,. I'll bring him back wvith me, with your ,permission. He'll cheer me up. He is always in such excellent spirits." "Ah, Thomas," said Mr. Archer, ad dressining thlalt dignified functionary as :he entered wilth the coffee, "that will help a man's digestion if anything will. But what do you say? Speak up, my man. Have you seen'a ghost that you look so pale?" "Gentleman wishes 'to see you, sir. He's comiing uip." "Mother! -father! Here I am! Home lat last!" IAnd Jack Archer strode into the room without further ad'o. "What is 'the meaning of this extra ordlin,?ry be;h'av:iour, sir?" thundered the old man as, puale and trembling, he falced his son. Mrs. Archer had also risen. Speech less wi~th' wonder she 'gazed at the two young men. The resemblance was so perfect 'that evens maternal in stinct failed to distinguish' between them. "Am I dreaming, Edward?" she at length' said, turning to her husband. "Who Is this man? Speak, I implore you!" "Hear me speak, mother," said the clever imposter, advancing. "This fellow is well-known to me, and has caused me a greet deal of trouble and anxiety. I met him in London on one occasion, and he tracked me through the colonlies for some purpose known only to himself. Time after time he endela,voured to get me Into his power, but I was able to toil him, and reach home in safety. Bid him begone, father!" "Liar!" shouted. Jack, "It was you who fblllowed me through the colonies. It was your 'infernal power that en abled you to box me up in' that vile Chinese den in 'Melbourne, from' 'which Iwas carried half dead withdaspair.You are the imposter-the scoundrel. Hear me, father, mother! I am your son, your dear son, and-" Here he stopped, and, shuddering, appeared 'to be battling against some invisible force. "Oh, wretch.!" he continued, "are you agagin subjecting me to your fatal in fluence? I- I-" And he fell backwards, fighting the air. The old lady gazed ;in pity upon her Cson. Mr. Archer stepped forward. "I will see that he is attended to," said 'he, huskily. With the help of the scoundrel whose scheming was 'apparently be coming successful, he raised his be loved son from the floor, and placed him upoani a couch. "He is drunk, I 'think, sir," salid the smooth-tonggued villain. "I think we should send for thea police." The 'old man did ,not reply. At that moments Mr. Philip Morton was announced, and I entered the Ioio)m very abruptly. "Mr. ~ Mortorn?" said the old man, as he regarded me in surprise. I have naot the honour-the time is inoppor tune." "Pairdon my rudeness," I said. "But the circumstances demanded a breach of etiquette. Your son--(tho young mlan lying 'there)-is my friend. He (I poin0ted to thel mlan who had treated me so shabbily irn; Tasmania)-is a adhleming rascal, whose treachery nearly oost your son his life. Even now Jack is under his power. His sudden illness is the result of his con tact with this clever rogue. When you hear 'the complete story you wl11, I know, believe what I say." The pretender remained wonderfully calm. "It is a well-considered scheme, no daubt," he said;' 'but it has been clumisly carried out. Father, it is time to end this annoyance. I have the means of p~ oving that yonder fellow \is an imposter. While I was in Melbourne I was informed by a friend of that misguided young man--(mean ling Jaek)--thlat he bore upon his left shoulder, at thle back-a curious birth mark, a drawn sword. There is no such mark upon the shoulder of your sone. Inotheir." "No, decidedly not," replied the old lady. "We ?wdll examine his shoulder," said Mr. Archer. Poor Jack was stripped of his coat, and an examination was made of his shoulder. Yes, the mark was there, red as blood-a sword, complete in every respect, and ex'tending along the 'back of the shonmlder to the blade bone. "Are you convinced now, sir?" asked the plotter, But there. remalned yet two trtlmp cards. While the emxamli tion was progressing, ai veay beautiful young lady entered the room. "That mark was put upon his shoulder while he was lying uncon -?olous at the ChinUaman's den in Mel bourne," I exclaimed; "I can prove it." "Prove it," shouted ,the fellow. "I defy you! This is beyond endurance, father. Will you hear me accused of such a: piece of villainy?" Here his eyes fell upon the young lady, and he. continued: "Ah, here is 'Lilian. My darling. do you hear what this -wretched man says? Will you declare who the imn poster is?" "My dear," said Mrs. Archer; "this. is a terrible scene for you t9 witness.. But ybI oan help us, can you not? For you ,love my son, and could not be mirstaken." "Yes, I do love Jack," said the maiden, with a rosy blush, and: she walked to the couch where he lay, and,. raising his head, kissed him tenderly. Jack's colour was returning to h!is. cheeks, and I did ,not wonder at that. Who would not revive under such' treatment? ,Another ring at the bell. "I know who the inext visitor is," I observed to Mr. Archer. "A gentle man is on hand ,w!ho will complete the defeat of that artful schemer. Willr you admilt him?" "A Ohiinam'an!" announced Thomas. And ,our Chinese friend was ushered' into the presence 'of the company, smtl ing and rubbing 'his hands. As he ap proached, Jack rose from the couch. The limposter's face was a study. He was livid with *rage and disappo!nt ment. "What! you yellow fraud-you traitor--" But he 'could not find words to ex press his feelings. He saw that the game was up, anid, turning to Mr. Archer, he said: "Do you wish me to speak? That silly girl was right. iMy scheme has failed, but 'miank me, sir- " Mr. Archer seized ;him by the a:rm. "I forbid you 'to speak in my 'house,"' the cried. "You have caused enough misery. Go, go!" and he pointed to the idoor. And I did not catch the panting words of the young man, as they were hissed in -Mr. Archer's ear; but the old gentleman staggereds back 'as if he 'htad 'been struck. "Whbever you may, be," here ob served Jack's mother, gravely, "I can not tehll. But take care that the evil you commit in this world does not re coil on your own head." The defeated man bowed smilingly, and there wvas a look of scorn upon his handsome face, as he silently left. the robin, and the house. I never saw him agalin. Jack was married in Ithe following' year, and I was best m3an. I am only a subsidiary 'character in this story,. but if you feel 'interested in 'my future I may say that my promotion came: in due course, and I arm satisied with my lot. Jack told me that his father suffered greatly in 'health in consequence of the worry and ani'ety caused by the fraudulent doctor. "The governbr gave him a heap of money to get rid of him," said Jack. "The condition was that he should leave the country. You see, it twlas rather unpleasant 'having a man like lhat about--dangerous too. He mig'ht have made me appear as a bigamist. I 'should never have felt safe. Many a comedy of errors might have beeni en acted, in London while we two were abroad. I hope., Phil, he will ,never return again." "I hope not, Jack." Whatever the reader may 'think, I halve always felt that Mr. Archer, senior, noted very wisely in sending the imposter out of En:land. The End. Abrupt emission or waste steam up the chimney causes the cough or puff of a railway engine. When moving slowly, the coughs can, of course, be heard following each other quite distinctly, but when speed is put on the puffs come out one after the other much more rapidly, and when IS coughs a second are produced they cannot be separately distinguished by the ear. The island of Jamaica, owing to its pecu liar situation and climate, is said to pos sess a greater variety and abundance of ferns than any known place in the globe. No fewer than 500 specimens of ferns grow there, and probably no other equal area produces half that number of ferns. 