THEOSOPHY, OS THEO-SOPHISTRY. ? - — ? — » ' ; (Bt ' HlCKOBY P. SkGOTEB.') Anojra tiu many fdroical fads in which fonajr. fatuous folk indulge, one of the most chariniiigly ingeaioua is Theosopbj — Diriac Wisdom as it is. termed by -its follower* The chief.* boss cooky and high-cockalorum of the show, lives across, the water, and is no lsss a person tiiAb. Mie Annia Beaant, whose y Barn- ing soul, h%s at length found peace, or, at isasVas much of it as Sb to be had on this foot-Btool This lady, who has been every-. thing religious by turns and nothing long, now worships at the ehrinc of the late lamented BUvateky, and the fearful and wonderful dab. tales propounded by that amazing woman are losing nothing of their prodigious strength by the championship of this ,her latest disciple, ?Fust now,, however, there is a big split in the camp, and rival schools, one on each aide of the world, are howling and railing at each i other in a style that suggests a supremely j farcioil ttavwtr of the Western Schism, { when rival popea 'made all Europe ring with thair Botaal denunciations aad anathemas.' In Sydney we have rival camps too, oue bossed by the followers of William Q Judge, the other by (he adherents of that form of Divint wisdom — the only true and genuine brand, protected by letters patent, and having the name blown in the battle — of which the hairy old Colonel Ollcott, the Blavatsky, and Annie Besant, are the bright, particular eUra. * ? ? .Just now things TheOTophical in Sydney are booming with a mighty boom, due to the visit of tbe hairy old Oolonel aforesaid, and Kiss Lilian Edgar, M.A., a somewhat dainty, if sot vary youthful, l&dy; from Maoiiland, the daughter of a most eccentric and unor thodox Congregational clergyman, erst of that city, bat now long at rest — well-deserved rest. Both have been busy lecturing on the murky teachings of Theosophy, but without letting in any Bpecial light on the subject. This possibly was not quite to be expeced, inas much as so portion of its teaching has any visible relation with any other part, and the beautiful attribute of blind faith is an itssential necessity before any one of its dogmas can be accepted. Theosophy may be divided into two j-firU, ooo of which is a tetutiful doctrine of brotherly love, etc., Tplille the Other contains the astounding tales of Madame Blavatefcy. To tbe first part, that c&ntainisg; the brotherly love, this soribe cheerfully pays homage, but never having enlisted in that branch of the Service known as the Horae Marines, he cannot be quite exf«cted to iwallow the latter. irhe Ookjnel and his fair travelling partner made the troteetadt Hall their headquarters during their stay in Sydney, and to that edifice went night after night a large gather ing of people who were seeking the light. I dropped in, tbe other evening when the, dry - aa-chips function was in full blast, and found b large gathering of old women of both sexes already assembled. The first thing I bumped against was an animated arrangement of some sort standing at the 'door and holding a cellection-box in its hand. It was ai stolid as a sphinx, looked neither to right nor to left, and seemed to be the re-inoarnation of some prehistoric undertaker's mate who had assisted at the obsequies of some of the Pharoahc. It Beamed sadly out of plaoe with a collecting-box in its hand, but ap peared a safe custodian of the treasure, inai moch as it had not about it sufficient flesh and blood to tempt it to bolt with the ' beaaa ' it held. Inside a tall and venerable seer beionght all to enter. He bore an awe inspiring aspect, and his ponderous pronounce ments sounded like tbe fall of several pyra- ! mide, or an earthquake in old Memphis. » ? * Seated around were a variety of figures. Old men — who apparently were near the bottom of life's great bill, and who evidently sought to find in the doctrine of reincarnation the comforting knowledge that they would once -again visit the Birth— *«P6re 'in .great force. Young male arrangements, with a great, big yearn id their pale grey orb-, hugging Thetwophio literature to their narrow chests, and endeavoring to look solemn and learned, jostled with dames and demoiselle who had 'taken up ' Theosophy in a tremen dous effort to be ' bide,' bi in a' desire to b j considered learned or peculiar. . Haying foun ( a seat I waited in expectation for what tvs j to follow, ? ? ? I Miss Edgar wai the first to faoe the muBic , She ie what some would call attractivelook ing. Her dress, whioh was of Eastern design, was built ot soma sober-eolored grey material, and floated round her in a pioturesque if not wholly becoming style. It reminded me of the garb in which ' Geordie ' and 1 Ciseie,' of Mellon notoriety, used to appear, and was not unlike the attire adopted by female ghosts. She disdained corsets, and a girdle marked where her waist need to be. 1'et she was not wholly free of all feminine vanity, several rings being noticeable upon her fingers, and as she waved her hands abont pretty considerably in Ilia course of her ad dress, the rings were painfully prominent throughout. Reincarnation was the subjeot of her dieoourse and she expatiated at great length iu a learnedly ignorant and wholly dreary style. 'las sonV she said, * was an entity, whioh existed, always did exist, and always would exist. ' That, after it had ran its course here on earth, it departed for ever she held to be absurd, because' the time spent on the earth was altogether out of proportion, to eternity, and the soul could not in its brief Bojonra hefe fit itself for what was to follow. Just what was to follow she did not tell us. No doubt that is one of the secret mysteries of the eo.lL and is only to be divulged to those who hare proved themselves worthy to reserve the kaotrledge. Then again she might not have known, and her vague allusions may have' been meant to stimulate curiosity, and ore&te; a desire for farther knowledge ia tbe fanny fad. ? ? ? She droned on drearily for abont an hour in this stf∈, Occasionally sounding an un consciously humorous note, but geaeBaily propounding paltry platitudes andun-bruiama. For instance, she strongly condemned the hanging of Butler. That individual, she i aaid, had manifested slight signs of reptn- 1 tanoo, and he should have been allowed to become fully repentant before' being jerked oat into eternity. 'Because,' she argued. 'his bouI or spirit has a natural predisposition towards evil, and that staaruldisre been taken from him before he wa- allowed to mingle with other sonls who are sojourning in the astral plane, and among whom he waold work great mischief.' In other words it would Boom as if the lady from Auckland were afraid that when Butler gets into the astral plane he will ooax eons of the soul? np there to go prospering with him, and \- do for them ' in iJuoh a fashion, that when their time comes to reincarnate, they'll be missing, and all the spiritual police ia th« place will )-o hasy hunting foe them. Of course this teaching is absurd, because the ' Star's ' report of Butler's execution an nounced that ' he hoi gone oa his last pras pecting trip.' * » ? Sbe backed np her 'argument ia favor oE reincarnation by asserting that the idea ' that each now body bum into the world was fitted with a briad-Aow eoul, was ridioulous, affirming that tottfe souls were making a moored or thita visit to the earth; This was a terrible blow to me, sad must be a severe1 chock td the ctmotiii of many of us. The idea that we art filled with a secondhand spirit, whim may pbSslbly have done duty for ail Indian1 hawker, a measly Ohow, or' johnny bank clerk, who had 'gon« ovm' is tod, too much. 6till it hilps W explain — if we accept it at all— why there us so many smiU- hestteO, faiittr-atmlod men in creation. Their soul) were provided from \--hs band-m»-do*n department, or parchased from a Meft-off-souls' emporium. « ? e There is a grain of satufobtion in the caching though, for when ire know where .0 come from, and what we ire, and where .-so are going, when we learn ail about the forces of nature, we sball learn to control nature. Then think how p&rfoot; everything vriil be, and bow we can demand any sort of bouI we like for our children ! I know when I have learned all these things, I'll turn round and say to the boss caretaker and great panjandrum of the Astral plane, or 'soul supplying; emporium ' : ' There you are, there's your body; 1 have taken especial care it's quite up to the mark. Fit it with a first-class soul, pleise. Kobe of your bargain counter Or shilling-table frauds, but a really fii'st-class article ; jewelled in every hole, warranted to teeth without crying, not to get measles, or oroup, or whooping oough, and specially guaranteed to stand the Australian cimate !' When we can do that sort of thing there will be something iu life, Something in marrying and giving in marriage, and in raising up a crowd of little 'God-forbids,' who keep you awake half the night when their infantile ills are on them. * ? « Oolonel Olloott is a soldierly looking old ohap, with a prodigious amount of hair over bis face and head, His head reminds one of Parkas ; his beard recalls Ban O'Connor. Possibly old man PaiW « bums' ia now functioning in the Oolonel's form, whioh may be also preparing to reoeivs tbe * Jaynil's ' when it departs this life* That Ptrkes' ' manae ' has found its way into the Colonel may be judged from the frequency of his allusions to what 'I did,' and what 'I said,' He hails from the land ot wooden hams, where every second man you meet is a oolonel and the others are generals. Hie aesent bears signs ef having at some earlier time, probably in a previous incarnation, been entered acoardiag to Aot of O«ngtee», bat it has softened down considerably, postibly owing to his close and frequent -contact with Mabatmas and things, till now he talks almost like a white man. For some) tinu he ' hifa Iuted ' on spiritualism, giving us a record of j what he had seen and witnessed and investi- \ gated, and he gave as all a hazy aseoxanoe of I the wonders of spiritualism. But there was ? nothing conclusive, beyond his mere asser tion, and that would convince nobody who was net already a believer aad willing to swallow anything. ? ? ? The addresses boing concluded, a deep hush fell upon the audience till the v«ioe of the chairman was beard inviting questions, and a particular request was addresses to etzaagsts th.it th«y shonld not be backward in coming forward, but sbeuld let the sound of their mellifluous voices be heard. Several asked more or lees pertinent questions, receiving more or less mystifying answers, and again a lull fell* Th«n the chairman, filing me with his otgle optic, said : - Surely (here ie tome visitor present to-night who wishes to be enlightened in oar teaching; do not let him be shy ; we are only too glad to give what information wo can'.' Being time directly ap pealed to, I rose and posed myself gracefully, after tbs model set by Bill IMley's eta '.us. Then wa'a an expectant ' Ah,' as I did Bo, several frisky young maidens moved up close to me, and eet-to examining my appearance with a large amount; of interest. The chair, maa leased back in his chair with a tolerant emi e as I said : ' Mr Chairman, tba speakers tO-aijht have told us (hit when Alaya left Atlantis tie prioe of ram rose. 10 per cent,, owmg to the eagac getting wet, and Atma and Avatar, who were the landlords of the Bhogavit Gila, fell under the displeasure of the polios, ou account of their hot being able lie prtttnos tbe tieual bottle for the inspector. If such be the case — and it naturally would, wouldn't it? — the fohat is nebs* sarilr forced on eua'6 goesis that the Hatha Toga should have been closed, as owing to the ohela 'chohan or deva devaohaa having left the country, dharma was not administered as it was formerly, with the result that, freetrade having reduced wages to next to nothing, the mahatinas had developed most sober habits and wete gra dually driving the native Atlanteans «ut of the markets. Am I not right ? Now, what I want to know is this: If Eddy's soul, now he's deed, is functioning in tbe astral plane, what ,will become of the Hyde Park railway; because, dugpa of macrocosm being in favor of establishing the terminus at Rams, loka, an effort may be made to float a syndicate to resurrect Lenmria, and then what becomes of State Socialism ?' ? w ? When I commenced, the chairman, Colo'ie Ollcott, and Miss Edgar paid nis but littlt attention. By degrees, however, they straigh tened up, the chairman's ear- toumpet was brought into 'play, and when I conoluded they seemed lost in wonder at my vast erudi tion and amazing knowledge They made no haste to answer. Feeling they had not quite grasped the gist of my question, I offered to put it again. Bat the oiiairman aaid it was late, and they were tired. I shouldn't wonder. And then we all filed eut again into the oold and cheerless night. 