Kept His Trust. CHAPTER XXXV. Mine to the core of the heart, my beauty! ; Mine— all mine, and for love, not duty ; liovogiven willingly, full and free ; love for love's sake, as I lore thee. i Duty, a servant, keeps the key; But Love, the master, goes in and, out Of his goodly chambers, with' song and shout, Constant and happy, merry and free ! Miss Mulock. Lily wonlduwn to the library 10 boinnpcded by Mr. Anchesler and Rioban'. S'ie fiashttd a little 08 sbo thought of the niglit of 'bo party, when Dlrio first twiuod flownrp in bor. hair, ond r. sked bor not to waltz with anyone but him. Botb frontlomen par.nd nt ber in admi ration. Indeed, it was impossible to do othnrwiae. , ; ,. .. 'The oarriajfroB ! ' onnounoed Tossy, run ninfr throngh the hall, bright and ohildish io ber pink silk, and important with the' thought of holding Lily's bouquet during the oerornony. Lily pnt hor bands npon Richard's nbouU ders. Her lips moTod, hot no sound oncne ; J»er eyes sparkled with BoanUbinu; beside tbeir own luatrousnpsa. ' I know all,' bo said gantly. - And what ever of pain there may have been in I be past, I want you to remember, ^ when yoq, arc far away in your new homo, ili'at you have Riven me much joy, muoh comfort. And in our dear father's plaoe, whoae duties I have ofteD failed to perform rightly, I ssy, God bleaa you, my darling, fur evermore. May His face ebine upon yon continually.' 'ODiok! lender and truo. Papa could hive oeen no moro patient — oonld hare loTed mo no better.' He kissed away the tears ready to fall. The whole party came trooping down the wide stairs. Mr, Say dam gave orders in his courteous fashion, saw that tho ladioawc.ro well wrapped io abawls, and marshalled, thorn to tho carriages,. A niece of his, hardly second to Lily in beauty, was to be brides maid.' ? It's a sbamo to cover up so mach white glory ,' Ulrio said, witb a l&nirh; ; ' bnt it won't do to rnn the risk of having you shiver with tho cold, or look liko a ghost.' They then started. The midday eun transfigured tho winter scene, and imparted a certain warmth to the atmnsbere. Arriv ing at the ohuroh, thay lingored a few seconds to disrobe, and pass under Mrs. Suydam'i watohlul eye. Ulrio bent over Lily until cheok and lip touched. ,.-..- 'The last kiss of girlhood,' be said. It brought ? bright flash to . hor fnoe, whose rosy ha-j hardly died away daring the ceremony. She was amtzed to find herself eo tranquil, listening, answering witb solemn joy, being- given away by Richard, and feeling tbe ring as it slippod to its place on her finger— her golden chain, the signet of another's proprietorship. .Their pride in Lily was certainly very pardonable. She was indoed most exqui sitely beautiful as she stood there, calm, nnoonsoious of self, yet so thoroughly human and womnaly. Mrs. Suydam waa glad to show her to her own and Ulrio'e friends, dowered in hor own ri^hfc with a peerless loveliness no gold could evor buy. And the orowd who gaznd folt its wondrous power. Ulrio and Lily knelt to receive tbo bless ing, while the rest stood. After this Mr. CbeJouer's hands were folded over both heads, and his voice, ripe to tremnloasness with age, repeated the moBt beautiful and tender or all benodiotiona — ' Tho Lord bless thee acid keep thee ; the Lord make His fuoa to shine upon thoe, and be gracious unto thee; the Lerd lift up His countenanoo upon thee, aud give thee peace, botb now and ot ermore.' , Before they rose Ulrio kissed her. Her ? husband's first kiss 1 Lilian Bertrand's seventeen years of girlhood were ended ; Lilian Auohester's new life began. They walked slowly out of ohuroh in a spirit of great calm and happiness — she trusting, clinging ; he with a certain manly grandeur and dignity that enhanced the beauty of his face and figure. Mrs. Suydam, with her characteristic deli cacy, bad forborne to invite even her most intimate friends to the house. Her own as well as her husband's hospitality was of that high order whioh never leaves a sense of obligation. And on this last day sho gave up the house to them with so oordial a aweet* ness that each one felt entirely at home, So there was a joyous season of kisses and con gratulations after thoir return. All wanted a speoial look at Lily, and she had to aland with Mr, Auohester as she did in ohuroh, 1 After all,' said Testy, gravely, glancing at Lily, 'I think ho is fully ae handsome as you ;' wbioh frankness was greeted with a peal of laughter. ?Bravo I' returned Ulrio. 'That is the first compliment I have bad, after all my efforts to render myself as elegant as possible, Tossy, if his High Mightiness, Count Fetropoloswatoaki is still unmarried, I will whisper a private word in his ear, and Rave him for you.' (To be Continued) 