Hlospital S dtla . Tns annual parade and service in aid of the Broadford bed in the Kilmore Hospital was held on Sunday last. At half-past 2 the combined Brosdford and Seymour bands started to play, and a little later on the local and visiting .L U.LO.O.F's. started to march, beaded by the band. They marched as far as the intersection of High and Powlett streets, and thence to opposite the police station, and back to the hall, where a large crowd had gathered. At 3 p.m. the hall was well-filled, and a few minutes after was packed. The proceedings opened with the "Old Hundredth," after which Mr. M K. McKenzie offered prayer. The f llow ing items were then given :-Organ voluntary, Mr. Freeman ; song, "Rest ing There," Mrs. Fowler; song, " The Star of Bethlehem," Miss Fischer; recitation, "The Street Arab," Mr. Corney; song, "Angels Ever Bright and Fair," Miss Fothergill; song, " Calvary," Mr. Sheppard. Mr. McKenzie announced that the title of his subject for the afternoon was-" The First Christian Com munity." IHe bned his remarks upon the action of the early Christiah church during their persecution by the Jews, the account being found in tie Acts, which states that they voluntarily sold their possessions and formed one common fund principally for the sustenance of the needy among the brotherhood and sisterhood. In a manner they pooled their belongings. This subject was one that was being constantly referred to now, anod he believed would he much more referred to even in the immediate future than at the present time. This society was a wonderful association of men and women in principle. .constitution, and object. The account of the g:ft of the Holy Ghost in the upler room at Jerusalem was told by the speaker, and the motives that prompted the formation of this association were also made known. All societies had some cord of sympathy which bout d them together, but this society formed by the early Christian church was one of the most trauseendant ever known. The watchwords of the French revolu tion were-" Liberty, Equality, and Fraternity," grand sesntiments and motives, but they were never realised, and instead of their actions being characterised by tile above motto, there were arch-deeds of horror committed. The brotherhood and fraternity cou:d never becomoe an estah'ished fact through such means as they adopted, and consequently they miserably fail, d to achieve tle social and brotherly imminence to which they pretended to aspire. But with Christianity these objects were attained. Equality is the golden rule of Chris:ianity, and that is the only means by which the motto of the revolutionists can be reached. It was astonishing that men who differed in.cnaturs and-l.didnt tion could be brought to act as nte tathetal of the church, and it was only by receiving a new heart and being united by the same spirit that they were enabled to do so. All went well until the deceit practised by Annsnias and Sapphire was detected, after which the experi. ment of having all things in common was not practised. Some socialists take the incidents as recorded in Acts and the forlmation of this society as an evi dence that the leaders of the early church favored the principle that there should be no private ownership, but the words of Peter utterly routed such a notion. as his words to Annanias and Sapphira were-" Whiles it remained was it not thine own." The reason why Annanias and Sapphira was struck down dead was not because they kept back part of the price, but because they told lies about it. The experiment of having all things in common was a failure, because there were members of that society who professed but did not act out in their lives what they pro fessed. So it was the same to-day. It was useless from a human standpoint to attempt to form an immaculate society from imperfect material. There were many noble men and women who advanced and endeavored to inculcate grand principles, but their efforts would be futile while the human race were the same as we found it to- day. The human family were not yet in that state of preparedness which would lead them into an association or society after the pattern formed by the early church. ' Society could only be brought to coat sta ~th the race of God Stin the heart The 'iths i ..?. mn s fluenced from within by pure Chrtsa? t motives, and then work outwardly upon others. By Christian methods was the g only way --to-?reconstitute society,. Society at present was not in a pre. o pared state to enter into the ideal state V pictured by some, if they were so, the advent of tihe millienum was near at V hand. Let them each if they wished to see society in a perfect state of har mony and brotherhood, work by the methods laid down in the Bible, change the heart, and then the life would be in accord with right and pure principles. Then, and not till then, could they hope for an improved state of affairs as re gards society. The latter part of the programme was then proceeded with as follows: Organ solo, Mr. Freeman; song, " Who Can Tell," Miss Richards; song, " Ore SPro Nobeis," Mr. Tomkins; song, "The Better Land," Mis Sugden; duet, "It \- is the Lord," Mrs. Fenton and Misse - Fothergill; song, "The Holy City," t Mr. Sheppard. SThe service was closed by pro nouncing the benediction. Brother Thomas, O.S., Port Phillip SDistrict, and Brother Jones, Grand t Master of same district, were present, Sand also a good number of Kilmore and Seymour brethren. The daj wee a glorious one for this time of the year, and great credit is r Idue to the secretary, Mr. Bu'eher, for the admiable manner in which the service was advertised, as programmes were sent all round this and adjoining districts. The members of the Loyal Broadford Lodge worked splendidly, and they fully deserved the manner in which their efforts were appreciated by the largeo assemblage and thie handsome collection which amounted to £9 33. The playing of the united bands was excellent, and there can be no doubt that when the two coalesce they are hard to beat. 