A TERRIBLE CHRISTMAS. [BY SETH BOON.] CHAPTER I. It was Christmas Eve. In the little village of Brest, in Yorkshire, was an old hut. Around a blazing fire of logs in the old fashioned fireplace sat three lads of about the same age. They were bosom friends, sharing each other's sorrows, as well as joys. They werejn the same division at the grand old school of P— — .enjoying their vacation as only boys can after long months of study for annual exams. The old hut was in the park ui uuwu *t ui.oiulv, ? jujaij., itue -village squire — n red-faced, happy-go- lucky, jovial old farmer, the friend of the Isoys for miles round the village. It waBiilie place where the lads could meet of an evening for a quiet chat or to arrange a rarMeaorehooting excursion, in the country. Ga^tonj^Villshire, the eldest son of the old eqiuilpftasi a curly-haired,, faiicom V: ??-.$$%&'?? .' ?;?.' :--:' . ?-.- ?' ??'?'?'?'?^#^--.. ?'??? '.'?- ?'?.:? plexioned, jolly lad, full of fun and innocent practical jokes, a real ohipJ off the old. block. He had been left motherieas when very young and had been allowed to haVe his own way to a great extend by the old squire. His jokes sometimes got him into trouble, which often cost the squire a great deal to get him out again. Jack Walton, the eldest one of the trio, was a lovable, .quiet, unassuming boy, beloved by all who knew him. If Jack knew or. heard of any sickness or trouble amongst the villagers he. was generally the first to lend a helping hand. His parents, Doctor and Mrs. Walton, the village physician, were beloved by the villagers for their many kind acts of charity quietly dope by them. Jack was their only son and they idolised him, his father often proudly saying, 'Ah, lad, if there were more like you there would be less misery iu the world.' The last of the three was WilFJacksou, son of the village blacksmith. lie was a brawny-armed, thick-set lad, the tallest one of the three, and was always ready to use his superior powers to defend the weak against the strong and was a sort of small hero at P ? and iu the village against the eat ;ller boys. Chapter II. Tho wind was howling dismally through the cracks in the wall of the old hut, the suow lay thick around about everywhere was covered with its pure whiteness. It was a real old fashioned Christmas Eve, bringing thoughts of goblins and ghosts in the chatter of the lads. At last Will Jackson, son of the blacksmith, exclaimed, ' It is a grand night for the ghost at the old manor to prowl round to-night; I shouldn't wonder if there is another link added to the chain this lovely night.' 'I don't believe. a word about it,' said Jack Walton, the doctor's son, ' it is nothing but Billy superstition.' 'You don't! Then, my brave fellow, I'll bet you half-a-guinea that you are not game enough to go past there at midnight on the stroke of 12, 'said Cax ton Willshire sarcastically. 'All right, then; I'll accept your bet,' said Jack quietly, and, with. a parting 'Good-night,' set out on his dismal errand. After Jack had left Caxton Willshire and Will Jackson arranged to try and keep up the old village tradition by hurry ing on in a shorter direction across a field that led close by the old manor. Caxton had dressed himself up in a sheet and, with the aid of a little phosphorus, soon made himself look very white and ghostly. Chaftkr III. The road past the old manor was by an old churchyard surrounded by a thick hawthorn hedge, and not a very pleasant place of a night at the be3t of times, let alone when the wind was bowling and moaning through the trees on a cold and snowy winter's night. Will Jackson h id' not gone far wnen he thought to himself he could get along much faster if he cut a walk ing- stick to assist him, so cutting a good stout sapling with its friendly aid, and whistling a lively tune, he soon forgot all about ghosts and goblins. All at once he gave a start. Was it a cry or was it his imagination ? Jack won dered. He put it down to the latter and hurried quickly on. He had not gone much further when he heard another cry. He wa3 satisfied this time. A cry that set his teeth chattering and made his blood run cold— a cry like unto a child being torn from ita mother's breast. Again he heard a moan and then a rustling amongst the bushes, and a white slutdowy form came quickly toward him. Jack with superhuman effort raised the sapling which hrt oirri'd and dealt the ghost a terrible b'.ow, an 1 with a imulman's strength he dealt blow after blow until he heard nothing but .a slisht uioau — alas! the moan of a departed J spirit. Chapter IV. Christmas D;iy dawned. Oh, what a happy day it might have been. Jiow it had been anticipated by these three, lads for weeks — aye, even for months beforehand. What a change it brought amongst those three young lives,' and, for that, how many we cannot tell. Oh, what raiseiy there was that Christmas Day in the village. Two lads loved by all gone forever; two homes left vacant. Caxton Willshire was buried next day ; the blow had killed him. Jack Walton was con lined in an asylum for the insane. The fright had done ita work well. Ah ! too well, leaving the good old doctor a broken-hearted man and old Squire Willshire soon to follow his own beloved son. 