\- . — 1 _t.'7-nr.rr-T3 RsiphTkevorm, CHAPTER XVII. NICK'S DISCOVERY. S WiSk Charter sat, or ratlicr lounged, in Kimfowly's easy-chair for full five minutes after classing himself as a member of the lucky family, during which time he did a great rleal ol: solid thinking. ' One of those fellows is Casper Parke, the detective whom Coverely sent over here years ago to find his daughter. Now, which one is Parke, and who is the other ? ' What a treacherous "gang of rascals they are, too ! Every one of the lot ready to deceive some one of their number. Grimm is deceiving Gower. Kimberly is deceiving Grimm. So is the woman. 1 wonder if she isn't false to Kimberly's trust, too ? 'Gower is a considerable rascal, and if he only suspected ' If I give thenr time and opportunity, they'll drag one another down into perdi tion. ' The woman's the smartest and the most dangerous member of the gang. ' Grimm declared a little while ago that Ida would be 110 match for the Lispenard if the two were matched. Now, I'm not so sure of that. Maybe I'll have that question tested. ' Ah ! there is the desk that was rifled Kimberly spoke of some letters written many years ago. He showed them to his confederate. Then he locked them up again in one of those drawers. I'll soon see what they are.' It took Nick a very little time to force the desk — its second siege of violence in forty- eight hours — and then he began an examination of papers. ' Aha ! Tlie letters addressed to What's this ?' Nick dropped upon his knees and began a rapid examination of the letters in ques tion. As lie read, various exclamations broke from his lips. 'Well, I'm blessed ! No wonder Grimm said he was a fool to keep these things anywhere outside the vaults of a safe deposit company. I'm amply repaid for my trouble in climbing out of that old well.' Ho rapidly sorted over the letters and numerous documents. 'A few of thesowillbesafein my posses sion for a time,' he chuckled, as he thrust a number of his ' finds' into - an inside pocket. ' I'll, just leave things strewn about again, and when ho discovers that the burglar has returned, I fancy some people's sleep won't lie so sound and peaceful in the near future.' So saying, Nick arose, took alookaround the house, walked to a mirror, and adjust ed his somewhat disarranged attire. ' I'm not exactly the most presentable person in the world for the streets, much less for the drawing-room, and it behoves me to clean up a little before I leave such a. grand gentleman's house.' When he finished arranging and repair ing his toilet, few traces were left of the rough usage he had' gone through since he so suddenly madehiscxit from thekitchon of the adjoining house. ' I am still the eminently respectable- looking old, English baronet,' lie' laughing ly said to his reflection in the mirror. ' So I -might as well cut short my visit to Richard Kimberly's hospitable house, especially as I find him not at home. I'm off'.' Turning out the gas, ho made his way to the hall in the dark, and tliehce felt his way to the front door. To open each door from the inside was, of course, quite easy. To close them was equally simple, since both were equipped with spring locks. He used great care in opening the out side door, and he had reason to praise his own precaution as thus exercis id. Drawing the door inward slowly until an aperture .was made large eneugh for him to look through, his eyes became fix ed upon' the form of a man who was at that moment passing the foot of the steps. There .was something familiar about the man's- , appearance at first glance. In a nioment iN'icku recognized him. -. '"jDpggettj-.in -.disguise, as I live ! Still in his full'.beard-and dress suit. Yliy does he wear it, "I wonder, and what is he doing dodging around: out here at- Ha!' The sudden exclamation was caused by the sight of Doggett running rapidly up the "steps of tlieadjoining'nouse — thebuild- ing in which Nick had made such an ex citing visit. ' He seems to be at home, anyhow. Let ting himself in with a latch-key, like a gentleman.' Nick saw his man open the door, pass through, and close it behind him. 'Surely I cannot be mistaken. It is Doggett, or I am a cobbler in penetrating disguises. ' Then what does it mean ? Doggett is also a gay deceiver — deceiving his em ployers, Grimm and Gower. ' And, by the same token, he's hand-and- glove with Maud Lispenard. ' I guess the coast's clear now, so I'll boldly sally forth.' So saying, Nick swung open the door, stepped out, shut the door after him, and ran down the steps. When too late to retracchis movements, he saw the policeman of the beat — the same one whom he had overheard talkino- to Kimberly — step from behind a neig£ bouring tree-box. The policeman walked up to Nick with a swagger, and confronting him, said : ' What were ye doin' in that then house.' 1 Paying a visit to the owner,' coolly re- epoaded Nick, — - _ ' It's a lie,' blustered Officer Brown. i ' Oh, is it! Then maybe I live there.' ' Maybe you are the fellow, who broke in and robbed the house night afore last, and have been back for what you couldn't carry away then.' ' Come to think of it, that's just the case exactly.' ' None of your imperdenco to me,' roar ed Brown, raising his truncheon threaten ingly- Nick lauged aloud in his face. That still further enraged the fellow, and his truncheon began to decend. Suddenly he found his arm seized as if held in a vice. 'Stop!' hissed Nick. 'You fool! Do you know who you are talking to ?' A look of perplexity and fear began to spread over the officer's face. ' Who. are you, then ?' ' I'm Nick Carter." ' Good heavens !' ' And I've been in that house under in structions from Superintendent Byrnes.' The policeman stood speechless and pale. 'You promised te shut your eyes and cars for Kimberly, in consideration of a roll of bank-notes,' went on Nick. ' I — or — hem' — stammered the police man. ' Silence ! Now you'll keep your mouth- shut about what has just happened — but not out of regard for a bund'c of money.' ' Why, certainly, Mr. Carter. I' ' If you open your mouth to a living- soul about seeing mo come out of that house, you'll never have another'chance to blackmail that woman in the next block. See ?' rfhe policeman's knees were shaking, and he tried to speak, but terror and sur prise paralyzed his tongue temporarily. ' Good night, Officer Brown. I think you'll find businoss'lgood rouudjin the other block,' mocked Nick, as he strolled off down the avenue, leaving the policeman in a state of great trepidation. As Nick turned the corner of the next street he looked back to see what Brown was doing. Before he could bring his eyes to the front again a man ran into him with considerable force. Y.' DeV; there ? Lookout, young !' exclaim ed Nick, in a voice of simulated anger. 'Cfesar's ghost ! 1 1 is you, Nick ?' said the' other man, starting back in surprise. . 'Chick!' ' Nobody else but Chick. What have you been doing since I chased you into , that house up there ?' ' Well, I've not been having a picnic, I can assure you. But it's notime nor place for personal , reminiscences. Where are you going with such impetuosity?' ' I've been shadowing a villain, but I fancy he has got away from me.' ' Who ?' ' None other than the angelic Doggett.' ' Then compose yourself. I know Dog- gctt's whereabouts at this very moment ?' ' Where is ho ?' ' In the same house where I. have been visiting. But what is your object in running Doggett to cover'?' ' Need you ask ? To find Trevor ' ' Then you've failed in your ultimate design.' ' How so ?' ' Trevor is not in tliat house ?' ' Sure ?' -'-Stop ! Not unless he's a.t, the bottom of the well.' ' The what V Nevermind. I'll explain I, iter. Just now come with me.' ' Where ?' ' Ask no questions, my lad.' CHAPTER XVI II. MAUD LISPENARD'S SECOND SURPRISE. The carriage in which Maud Lispenard and her two confederates so hastily left the vicinity ot the Hotel Metronole con- tinued on its journey towards the Grand Central passenger station after the female plotter settled back into her seat with the expressed determination to think over the situation. The more she considered the affair, the more she was convinced that the man at the Hotel Mdtropole was Nick Carter in disguise. In her mind there could be no doubt that she had trapped the real baronet, or that, his body at that moment lay at the bottom of the old well under the Madison Avenue house. At first a vague suspicion had entered her head that it might have been some one in disguise whom she had enticed into her trap. But that - idea 1 was rejected after a moment's thought. There was but one man in New York who m'ght so carefully, and artistically disguise himself to represent- another man and deceive her thereby. That- 'man was Nick Carter. She could not believe that great detective would so easily walk into her toils. Besides, that it was Nick Carter, her greatest and most dangerous enemy, and not the baronet whom she had shot through the trap door, was too good to be believed. No : there could be no mistake about it. That man whom she saw enter the Hotel Mdtropole was none other than Nick Carter. Just as she arrived .at this final con clusion, the carriage drew up in front of the Hartford and NeAr Haven entrance to the Grand Central passenger station. Without saying a word in explanation, she signalled to her companions to get out as soon as the driver dismounted and held open the door. They meekly complied, and she followed. Then she led the way into the station, after whispering to Kimberly: ' Pay him and send him away.' It was a scene for a student of humanity to see those two men following the ac knowledged lead of that powerful-minded 'and wicked woman. i It would have reminded him that kingdoms had been lost for sach as she, and that it was not the first instance >n the world's history where a woman's criminal cunning had acserteda sway, over wicked men which was irresistible. As the three entered the railway wait ing-room, she said, loud enough be heard by he few loungers who iveic near. ' I see no sense in coming here and sit ing about more than an hour till train time. A railway waitjpg-room, of all places on earth, is detestable to me.' Grimm's quick wits fell in with her meaning, and h's response was exactly what she wanted, ' Well, what else would you do V ' Anything but wait here. Get a car riage. and let us drive lound town while we are waiting. 'As you like,' was the reply. ' You two stay here till I see about it. He vent out, but returned almost im mediately, only to say : ' Come.' Then they entered another closed car riage, after Griinm had given his orders to the coachman. ' Only be sure and have us back here in an lour.' As the carriage was bowling down Forty-second-street Kimberly seemed to chafe under the woman's continued, silence, and at last spoke out. ' Well ! What now ?' Turning to Grimm, she said as if not having heard Kimberly's question : ' Tell the driver to take us to the Hotel Metropole and stop there a few minutes.' ' What f ir ?' ' Do as I tell you,'- was the sharp retort. Grimm stuck his head out of the oar- j riage, and succeeded in delivering the orders to the driver. Then lie once more asked : ' What for ?' , ' I am going to make a call on that man who represents himself to he Horace Paxton.' The two men sat aghast at tliis unex pected declaration. Maud gave one of her hard, soulless laughs, and went on : 'You seem to be confronted at my boldness.' 'Boldness!' muttered Grimm. 'It is madness.'- 'Not at all — merely diplomacy.' ' Maybe you will make your meaning plain.' I'll try— if your tlii:k head iscapableol receiving a plain .act.' Grimm winched under h„r sharp thrust. ' Why the deuce you should force your self into Nick Carter's presence at this of nil times I can't understand,' j rowled Grimm. ' That's owing lu your. stup'dity,' nagged Maud. ' But I'll relieve your state, of doubt. I am going to make Nick Carter believe he is mistaken for the real Sir Horace. After I have done that, he will be wholly disarmed of suspicion when Sir Horace's body is found on Thursday morning. Besides, unless I can get him away from the hotel, you can't get the trunk, for I suppose he intends to take possession of Sir Horace's room, and wait tor that gentleman's return. When I get him away from the hotel, you must have your forged order ready and secure the trunk,' ' Get him away from the hotel ?' echoed Grimm in surprise. ' That's what I said.' 'You will ' I will make him believe that I am settling a decoy for the supposed Sir Horace. In other words,. I'll invite him to meet roe at' an appointed place well away from the hotel, in an hour, for the purpose ofconductinghimtohis daughter's presence.' ' And he'll go, do you think ?' ' J. don't think. I knuv he will.' ' You'll meet him, too ?' ' Am I a fool ? Of course I will not.' As she uttered these words, the carriage stopped ; the driver jumped from his seat. ' The Hotel Metropole,' he said, hold ing open the carriage door. ' Wait where you are. I'll not be gone long,' said Maud to her companions, as she stepped out. She got into the hotel by the ladies' en trance, went to the parlour, and called a bell-boy. Butting a half-dollar into his hand, she sent him to 'the office for a caid and an envelope. These being brought to her, she wrote on the card : 'If Sir Horace Coveriy would like 1 3 I hear something interesting about his long- lost daughter Fleience, he will please meet the writer in the parlour of this hotel at once. She enclosed the card in an envelope without address, and handed it to the. lad, with these instructions : 'Take that to Room — , and give it to the- old gentleman whom you will probab ly find there. If no one is ir. the room, bring it back to me lor turther instructions.' The bey had not been gone three min utes before the man she wanted to see entered the room. Maud quickly pulled herheavy veil over her face, being careful not to get her features covered until her visitor had time to catch a quick view of them. As he appSfoached, she arose and stood to meet him. They were entirely alone. 1 You wrote this card, madame ?' he in quired, with a voice which was slightly unsteady. ' Yes.' ' Who are you ?' ' One who knew your daughter when i she ran away and when I was a very little ! girl.' ' And yo j profess to tell me that she, my daughter, is still alive ?' 'I do.' ' And can take me ta heri' ' I can. That is why I came here.' ' What proofs have you to convince me you are telling the truth ?' (To bt continued). 