HQL)" TRINITY CHURCH, MAROXG. AX INTERESTING CEREMONi". Yesterday afternoon the foundation stone of the now presbytery .'in -connection with Holy Trinity Church, Marong, was laid by the Hi.-iV.ir ot Bemligo (Mr. H. M. -Marks) in the jirt'sc-p.ce of a very large assemblage, composed of people of all denominations. - The want of a pN'shx lory lias long been felt, and the guardians determined to provide one, the result being that a contract was recently let to Mr. Betts, of Kadehawk, to erect a suitable edifice at the north-eastern corner of the church. The plans Mere prepared by -Messrs. Yahland and Son, architects, of this city, and the work was so far advanced yesterday as. .to jieniii'. of the corner stone being laid with r.3 little ceremony. There was no evidence v.-.->:itiiiir to show that the incumbent-(the Rev. E. H. .Scott) had exerted himself to his utmost to ensure as large and distinguished a gathering a; possible to give cclat to the occasion, the more so as it was coupled with the Diamond Jubilee reign of her Majesty the Queen. Amongst those present were Mr. H. M. Marks (mavor of Bendigo), -Messrs. D. C. St-erry and P. f>. Lazarus, Ms.P., Crs. Bassett (ptesident), Dellar and Clarkson, of the Marong Shire, and Messrs. il. Palmer, W. Landry, P. Mole, J. Grav and C. Wickens. Apologies were ?. re ceived from Messrs. J. Sternberg and J. H. Abbott, Ms.L.C., H. R. Williams, J. H. M'Coll and 1!. O'Xeill, Ms.P., and the mayor of Eagle hawk. . . . About half-past three o'clock the church was crowded, many being unable to obtain sitting room. The service, which was conducted by ths Rev. K. H. Scott, then began in accordance with the order of service of the Church of Eng land on such occasions. A f *ature, however, of the proceedings was that the regular service was preceded by the congregation first rising and singing " God Save the Queen." The conventional hymns; lessons and prayers having been given the company adjourned to the site of the new presbytery,-' when the. Rev. E. H. Scott produced a bottle' 'and explained that it was proposed to place it in a receptacle under the corner stone about to be. laid.. The bottle contained a scroll setting forth by whom , the corner stone was laid, .also.copies of the; Bendigo daily papers. Mr. Scott then landed; the bottle to Mr. H. Palmer, - J;P., who j deposited it in . the ' recess. _Mr. Scott: having called upon the mayor; of Bendigo j to perforin the ceremony of laying . the' corner stone Mr. Palmer presented Mr. Marks -; with a neat silver trowel (suitably inscribed).: This dainty little article his worship used to disturb the mortar with asjmich freedom as.he ? wields his auctioueerV^Tianimer;" and placing ^ both bands pit-thS'stone as it was lowered' he slid With prayer for the blessing of God I . -new lay this 'foundation stone of. the vestrj' of Holy Trinity Church, Marong, in. the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. .Amen." The stone bore the inscription in gold letters: - " This stone was laid by H. M. Marks, mayor of I'.endigo, 10th June. 1S97." Prayer was then offered up by the Rev. E. H. Scott, and offerings towards defraying the cost of the structure were placed upon the stone. Tin total amounted to £15 6s Od, apart from ; other promises. . ? . Br invitation of the guardians of the church i the visitors and all the ladies and gentlemen in; attendance subsequently assembled in the; Foresters'Hall, where a capital-tea was pro vided. The Rev. E. H. Scott-occupied the; chair. ... . ' ; The toast of 'the ".Queen" having been en-; thusiastically honored, Cr. Bassett (president of; the Marong Shire) proposed " Parliament," and; in doing so remarked that it had done some I very good work. The state of ;tlie' finances was i much better than before. Although they could! not say that federation had- been achieved1 yet, j a great step towards it's,advancement .[had'beenj made. He paid a liigh compliment to /Messrs. j Sterry, Lazarus and O'Neill, Ms.?;, for the ener-.J getic wavin which they looked af tot the iriterestsof; their constituents, and'meritloned'that when he! net them'in Melbourne recently on public busi-. uess he saw that they had so many..demands upon j them that.-tiiey were kept constantlygoing ;? about attending to the wants of. .their consti- j tuents. _ The toast was heartily, honored;1 , . . j i Mr. S.tercy on rising .was rfeceived- "witn op-1 p'.ause. In; thepourse of an appropriate' speech, i lie congiatulated the guardians ot Holy. Trinity' Church upon'the-success- of the ceremony,/.and. said they coiil^Tio.t fiave^chp^en a_ more* fitting [ way to commemorate.; the. Q.u.een'a.;.jubilee reign. .-ts-.-S-V-,-:Vi ... .'.L:.-: ' . ' Mr. Lazarus, who was warmly received, admitted that the present Pcrliameiit'h'art done fairly well..,; He- hoped, -however,'--that the colony's ex^ehdilurj thisj year would, be'brongh't j within its'revenue.^".The bad season" tendered I it all the more^iiecessarytfor'the Gbyer^en£;to be careful:of the expenditure. '"Ttiining being weinbokeil after,j and he_,'fjr^isted;r.thje Oo.-evnmen.tMvwild, see'its .way to. jnake.xhe lot of the farmec.ua.'eaSj' .asf possible...in view ol the disastrous-season tlie}' -were experiencing. (Applause.) "? -?'.] . The' health of tfie mayor of- Bendigo was . pro® posed by theV chairmiin, .'and' acknowledged, .in v' . '? ? ?. " Mr. 'i?.^/Moie '^proposed' '"Success ta ;tlie Mining.':jnt.e^£;?' which 'Cr.] DelTar . re- : spoiided" "rJ[ ~Z~'' v7 ~ " ..The .toast.'of'^he.'"jVigitors". was..appro priately proposed byrMr.^H. Palmer, and ac knowledged byv Or. Clarkson. 'The toast of VThe'Ladies'' was also honored, and the procc'e&h;^s' terminated _by the chair man offering, up pf-ay dr.'".^ 