Lu.st Momlny n nmu wito owns pro- )ort)- in st'vural Huburlrt nmi lum nioituy lu thu SuvIntjK Hunk \vtt.s eoiiHlilerutl by thu Uiirltou imiglHlrutuH us tt |iro|Hr liupsou tigtiinst iviniiii tu tnttku tm imlei tot' ivlfu liiiiiiiUMinnL'U. Thu iiiiiu siihl thut hu wus "lu iluhl," 11 cumllUoB from which tlio Kt'cntusl cnpl tn lint h uru not ulwuys frou. , Atul wluit nuiount. did tlio inuifisil'itluH illl intu thu iniilnicu- uncu order? Sovcu und sixpence u week I Apni't from thu ltiu<|ull.v of the thing, wo wonder whuthur thu Justices thought thut thu phiinly injured wife could honestly mip|>ort hersulf on. thu iuuount they llxctl. Ou Friday ulKht thu huslmml Khve Ills wife another tiiHtu of his quiiilly. llu followed her to 11 Iioiihu wlicru she laid inken u room, and fulled to persuiulu her to ffo home with liltn. AVhnt followed our report has described!— 1 "AceuHcd 7'euuKht her by thu hull' of thu head and .dniKKed liur iiloiik' the veniudiiii, stntiug tiiiit he would make her L'o homo. Uo iiIho tried to bite her, and threuteuetr tiiaC If 1m could only got a kuifo ho would 'cut -her throat." For what the ninBls- trnles thumselvea cliarauteriBed ns » "Havajju assiiult," the nmu was Mined LT., In default two months' imprison meiiL The Curltun Hunch uguln. AVIU thu Justices concerned, uru a Now Year overtake 'ihutu, please liiqtdru'of (hoiu- sulves whether I hey are really uwukei -» The idea wo have lieen invited to nc-. cept was thut OeorKU GllTeu, ,Hku jm-, other Achilles, sulked in hlH tunt, while 1 he tlL'lit went on. am) sulked uiH'ehHoiL ably. It Is oviduut llmt this wuh a quite false Ideu. (Jiireu tells us now, lu plitia and luauly InuKUUKO, thut hu Hluiply cannot afford to plajf In tho/_> lest' mutches. Here are the last fnw. hiid the most striking" HuntoueeH ut tho."Ar- Ktis" eorrespoudunl's Inlervlnw. with lilm:— "Then you absolutely decline to ac cept thu terms now offered to you?" - "Yen, 1 cannot afford to take them." "Would It not bo worth u HtlRht fin- anulal aacrtllee to gain the populurlly which tnlght be yours If you assisted Australia In the remaining lest matches?" "Popularity will not keep me,'" was Glffon's final rejoinder. There is a foreign phrase which, being interpreted, means "Soft words butter uo parentis." That uppnrcully Is what Gtffcn lias learned to reallke. It Is a very line thlug Indoed to wlQ tho plau dlls of the mtiltiliidc, but to l» eonsld- ertibly out of pocket lu ortler to (to thut may not suit an honcxl man, who even hi these llahby times thluks 11 of soine littlo linporlanee to pay twenty shll- lliigs in the pound; If wo have anything against tilffun— and mo prominent a cric keter can only -he 'treated as a quns'l- publlc nmn-lt is that' lie was not enrllur as frank as lie Is now. Of course, Uie miich-discussed/'ama- teur or profoHslunal" question Is closely nllietl to thut speelfleally , involved lit rilfTun's cast), Lei us look fairly ami dispassionately (it his position. Here is a nmii who earns a comparatively small salary ln the olllee where ho .umkuK Ids living. He Is possessed of Hpeclul skill ns a cricketer, and every body wants hint to play for Australia In the matches against the Englishmen. He Is uoL unwilling. "1 feel ns keen us over 1 ilhl," lie told the press represun- tntlve. Hut he simply onnnoi afford lo relinquish ids usual occupation, for se veral weeks perhaps, unless what he would lose ill salary and' what it would cost him for expenses incidental lo ploying in tho lutenuiiiunnl matches, are made good, The promoters ol' the matches recognise the principle of re couping an amateur money; lie would hu actually out of jHtckct if lie played, nitd they offer a sum. (jiffun says, In ;effeet, thnt It Is ItisiMncletit to recoup Itlm. Surely, IT that bo a fact, a very slight exercise of the faculty known as ooihmon-seUHe— why R Is called "eom- uion" Is becoming more mid more mys- terloiiH— ought to meet the elrcum- slitnees. The Adelaide player does not look for u pecuniary protlt out of cric ket. Oil Hit/other hand, we do not nee why, owing to any spirit of mere nig gardliness, tho Australian ' cricketing community should loaf upon George Ctiffen or any oilier man. Frond as these yotiug Australian com munities turc of their capacity lo look after themselves and uiaiuigu their own affairs, they have .vet to acknowledge generous, kindly and hartlly-ever men tioned heli> of the Mother Rand In many ways. - One important aid wu gut is thu survey work done by the Hrillsh warships on this station. " True, not merely in our interest, rather iu; thu cosmopolitan interest; of navigation generally, 'yet specially Ijonetlolul to Australia is work ol' thu kind perform ed on the coasts of our island. We think that there is not nearly enough of It done, hut H does not ile lu our moliths to hurry up the Imperial Government— ut least, no moru than we may fuel war- runted lu doing by I he amount of pur Joint naval contribution. II. M.S. Wuler- wllch lias been engaged surveying the Queensland coast for thu past six montlm und.as a lelegntm to-day status, with very good results. A. new chilnuo! has heeu found amongst thu Intricacies of the (Jreal Furrier lteef, aud, what Is even moru lmporlaut, it previously un charted piunuclc rock has been disco vered with only eighteen feet of wilier over R. Imagine what that knowletlge may mean to the mariner! Of course, the pecnllnrtly of thu pinnacle rock is thut the leud-iluc will give no indica tion or approach to II. A ship howl ing along apparently In perfect safety, with plenty of. water undue her,- runs slap ou to u sharp - tongue of rock, which pierces her hull like n ram, and, alas, her uumliur Is huL' with those of Hie many -ships "tlial. never. return!" We hope the Waterwlleh Is to actively continue hot 'quiet, unostentatious, hut simply Invaluable, work. Tt would seem that Hie Rev. Henry I To want, whose graceful little liook, "Kit Devoir," is ant - the least note worthy featureTff Hie wnson's litem- lure, no more believes in promiscuous "Hopping" thnn did the suspicious Mr .lurry. Cruncher in "A Tale of Two Cities.". . Here is one of Mr llowurtl's stories:— I remember some years ago entering a warehouse for tlio purpose of .pur chasing u piece of stuff. After reuctiing thu flat ami giving iny order, 1 was idly thumping a stack of blankets thut stood huforu me, when ti man suddenly emerged from' behind tho pile, saying, "Have you got It, sir ?" I replied that I had not got It yet, but was being at tended. to. . "O. I don't mean that," said hu; 'T mean tho gift of tho lloly Ghost.? I assured htm that I wna glad to say thnt. In some measure ut - least, 1 en joyed that gift, but Just tiioiiil was after' thumelette; to' wldcli ho rupihid, "Ah, yen should seek thu Holy Ghost," and added, In a tonn of mild reproof, "Do you know what I've been doing till tho morning ?" "No," said 1, "I can not Imagine." "Wall, I'vu been kneel ing down behind this pile of blankets, ntnl praying for the gift of tho Holy Ghost." "Then, sir, you'll nover get It," I ropliotl. "Why?" " Well, what uro you ' paid for 7" "I suppose for looking after.'thls lint." , "Exactly— In stead rif .which you.havo boon putting your .hand into your employer's pocket, ' and expecting, that God was going to ,give yoji a premium; for your dls- :botiCfltyl . If you want, tho gift of the ! lloly Ghost/You iiad liettor dust round 'and do something/' and ho dusted forlh- jwiih. - ' Some dfiy,.when wu gut time, wu aliall publish a long article on thu emberilu- uumt of emjiloyera' time. Careful in- vusUgntiou would, we fancy, dlkHosu (but"', there ivtsm "fewer, ' miteli. fewer, ' cimus -III ...which ' tliu umlK.'zzier used .tho. \stoIeit time' to say hlH prayera tluui those ; ln which Itu ilguroti out odds ou a coming "uvent," or compared opluiotiK with a fellow employe on the prospect of this or that Eleven. 