BIANCA LOVE STORY. It was in a pretty, old-fashioned country churchyard that I heard the following story. The sexton had been at work at a little dis tance. but he observed tbe interest with which I had stopped to gaze upon a straight shaft of white marble, on which was cut the simple inscription, ' Bianca Morelli, aged 17.' ' I never beheld a prettier girl,' said he ; ' eyes so big and dark and shiny ; a com plexion like ivory, and the reddest lip3. She was a fine figure of a girl, too ; tall and elegant, though slight ; and the regular blue-black hair that I've heard belongs to that kind of beauty. Her family consisted or an uncle ana aunt, ana tneir son, to whom she was engaged to be married, and whom she seemed to hate worse than poison. ' It isn't likely that I would ever have known the family affairs of folks so far above me, even in a country place like this, where everything gets talked of, more or less, but for the circumstance that I pos sessed a nephew, who was about the hand somest young fellow that ever the sun shone upon. He was as fair as the Signorina Morelli was dark ; his eyes were blue, like violets, and his hair like" gold ; and, bless you, sir, when these two young people first saw each other it was as clear a case of love at first sight as any other Romeo and Juliet? and jnst as natural as the flame between fire and tow. ' My nephew — his name was Reginald, and we called him Rex for short — was the organist of the little church over yonder, and the young lady sang in the choir, though she was such a grand one. ' 1'n that way the two young people first met, and their acquaintance progressed rapidly, as you may suppose. The cousin to whom the Signorina was engaged used to come to church with her. I reckon that Italian fellow loved the girl in his fierce way as well as he could ever love anything, though it was thought he cared most about her money. ' Of course he was as jealous as a Turk, and if looks could have killed, poor Rex would not have lived long to be his rival. But neither my brave Rex nor Miss Bianca cared a bit for the Signor's black looks, and then, you must know, the young lady never really agreed to the engagement. It was all made up by her relatives, and she always declared she would die rather thau marry her cousin, declaring boldly that she loved Rex Haywood, and would never marry any other man. ' And one day, with his bright face shin ing with triumph and merriment, Rex hurried away to the church to practise his music for the next Sunday. But it was a very different music that he played when that sad day came, for on the very next morning I tolled the bell for Bianca Morelli, who had been found cold and still and white when her maid entered to dress her for breakfast. This was a Friday, and the funeral was set for Sunday, and you may be sure, in a place like this, there was plenty of talk about the sudden death and the hurried burial. 4 But my nephew — poor Rex ! — said noth ing. He seemed turned to stone, but he played the most beantiful music that ever was heard in our church for the funeral ser vice of the girl he loved ; and, though they wouldn't allow him to go near the grand mahogany coffin in the church, I took care he should help me to lower it into the grave, and he stood beside me and dropped a great bunch of red roses down on to it as I began to shovel in the earth. ' Well, well, my poor Rex ! I hope I may never see snch a face of despair again ; and as I glanced at him from time to time I felt sure that his would he the next grave I should fill in. ' It was late that night, and I was just thinking of going to bed, though Rex hadn't come home ; and I was mighty uneasy about him, when I heard the click of the door downstairs as it opened and shut, and then I recognised his Btep, quick and hurried, as he came upstairs — not a bit like tbe slow, drag ging steps of the last two nights, but even lighter and quicker than it used to be ; and I hadn't done wondering when the door opened, and the next moment he was beside me — wild, haggard, pale as death, and with his creat blue eve3 almost starting from his head ! I'm not a nervous man, but I jumped up, worse scared than if 1 had seen a ghost. Before I could utter a word, for my voice failed me, Rex caught me hard by the arm and whispered hoarsely — 4 Don't speak, uncle, but just listen. Bianca isn't dead. I hope and believe she is not dead ! Look ! — read !' and he held before my eyes a scrap of paper, on which .was scrawled these words : — ' ' Rex, my darling, if I die, or seem to die, believe them not!' Have me taken from the coffin within twelve hours of my burial, and all may yet be well; You will not fail me, dearest. Adieu ! ' Bianca.' ' I read this extraordinary message over more than once before I took, in ito meaning, but as it flashed on me,. I saw as well as Rex how little time we had to lose, and I fore stalled his words. ' Come on, in Heaven's name !' I whis pered; ' It must he close on twelve o'clock, and as safe as it will ever be for such a work. Fortunately, it's a pitch black night, and all the moon there was has gone hours ago. Come on !' 4 While I spoke I found a little dark lantern, and we were already descending the stairs, and next moment we were stealing through the churchyard, with my pick and shovel in hand, which I had caught up as we passed by the outhouse where I had kept them. It was terrible work; but in less time than I had ever used a spade before the newly- made grave was opened, the coffin rifled of its precious contents, which Rex and I carried to our home, wrapped up in a huge shawl which I had brought for the purpose. , « Eh, my ! But it was the uncanmest night's work that ever I did since the hour I was born ! We laid the body on my bed, and we chafed the cold, white hands, and listened in vain at the pulseless heart. But I saw no sign of life. She was as beautiful as a figure of alabaster and as lifeless, for 1 aught that I could see ; but Rex declared that she was not dead. 'So, as it was necessary that I should restore the empty coffin and fill in the grave again, I was obliged to leave Lira there, on his knees beside her, wildly kissing the poor, cold hands and calling on her to open her lsvely eyes to see her lover by her. But I had no hope that anything but some fearful trouble would come of it, and marvelling and terrified as to what might be the end of the business, I hastened away to the work that awaited me. ' But they were right, and like a stupid old man I was wrong ; for when I returned the trance-like sleep was broken, and the soul had awakened within that apparently lifeless form, and the lovers sat holding each other's hands, her head resting on his shoulder, while he sought to calm the fearful agitation which had taken possession., of her now that she began to realise the horror of all that had happened. 4 Ah ! that was a brave girl, and a story- writer might fill a volume with her history and all she went through in those few months from the time of her first meeting with Rex till this awful night. But I must out it short, for the mght is coming on. To be brief, then. She had never told Rex half, or indeed a tenth part, of what, she suffered with those wicked relations of hers, especially the cousin who wanted to marry her. 4 At lost their persecution reached a point when she could bear no more, and she dis? covered a plot by which she was to be hur ried away to Italy, unknown to' -anyone, "and she knew well that she would never see Rex again in this world if this plan should be carried out. She was in despair. 4 The Italian saw that she had discovered' the plot, and she was immediately locked in her room, all communication with the outer world cut off. Even her maid was in the, pay of her relatives, as she knew, but the girl seemed to love her personally, and, driven to the last extremity, she found her self obiiged to make a confidant of her, and to trust her life to this girl's discretion. 4 She proved worthy, and gave her entire assistance to her young mistress. They con cocted the desperate plan, which, by means of some mysterious Italian drug, they managed to carry out, with such result as I have described ; and while I was still 1 sten- ing to a story more wonderful than any romance I had ever read, this same faithful servant joined us. 1 1 found the door open,' she said to the oiguerxua, - ana uearing voices, anew an was well, and came directly here.' 4 But it was easy to see from the young lady's agitation that all was not well ; and I guessed that if some change was not coming soon she was in danger of dying in earneBt from exitement and consequent exhaustion. My mind was speedily made up. I knew our good minister to be one good man picked out of ten thousand, and I was soon at his bedside, telling him the whole story while I helped him to dress. 4 Never have I seen a man more dazed ; but he soon took in the situation, 'and helped ns out of our perplexity. He .went with me directly, and a special license was obtained at once by Rex, so that next day the young couple were married and driven by me (in the minister's one-h'orse carriage) to a dis tant railway station, where they took the first train for London. 4 Of course I need not say that Maria, the maid, accompanied them. " She had proved herself invaluable in bringing clothes for her mistress, and a box of valuable jewels on which Rex raised a large sum of money when they reached London. 4 The next day there was a great hue and cry over the disappearance of Maria, whom the Italians called a thief and a monster of ingiatitude ; but they never suspected the real cause of the girl's running away. All this happened years ago, ' air ; but I hear from my nephew now that his wife is at length so strong and well that they are going to make their appearance before the Italian cousin and claim the Signorina's great fortune, which that villain has been enjoying ever since his return to' Italy. 4 1 don't doubt but there will be a great time over it, but we will he able to prove our story — for there is the empty coffin below there, and the living occupant ; myself, who played such an important part; and the minister who married them, thank Heaven ! is still alive and heariy. And now good evening, sir ; I've my work to finish, hut I suppose you don't wonder now that I laugh when I look ai that handsome white marble headstone!' ' — W. Stone. 