The NOVELIST. THE WINNING SEQUENCE. (isY MISS BRADDON.) THE PROLOGUE. The house is silent. A roomy, old-fashioned house-in the Boyal village, that old- world Richmond to which King and Queen, and dukes and duchesses, an loose- lived ladies used to come a century and a half ago, and where Boyalty still inhabits and loyal joy bells ring loud. The house is silent in the quiet, grey hour betwixt night and morning. Through the tall window on the staircase, a horizontal rift in the sky, a streak of pale light beneath a ridge of black cloud, tells that day is near. Not a sound but the faint patter of mice, like the trickling of water, behind the worm eaten panelling. Not a sound? Yes; there is a sound-a sound which has been heard often in that house-on that landing, at just that grey hour which is neither night nor morning. The sound of a footfall that is lighter than tread of a human foot; the sound of a sigh that reaches from the far distance of an unknown grave. A door opens gently, slowly, and a scared face looks out into the dimness. It is the mistress of the house, who has heard that footfall before to-night, and who knows the story of it, and wants to see and hear more than' mortal lips can tell her. She bteps softly in slippered feet, as if her footsteps would disturb a ghost. She sees, or fancies she sees, in that grey twilight-first a pair of slippers, standing on the threshold of the door opposite her own door-embroidered velvet slippers, with red heels; next, turning her eyes towards the staircase, she sees, or fancies she sees, a figure slowly descending the figure of a woman, handsome, past her first youth, but still young; tall, command ing; dressed in a loose gown of Indian silk, curiously patterned, a dull red, with a Ellow scroll figured over it. The woman of the" house sees, or believes she sees, all this- every particular of the tall figure, the loose flowing hair, the bare white arms, even to the delicate modelling of the hand which lightly touches the stout oak banister-rail. Slowly, softly, she folows that silent figure, treading so stealthily with its bare feet, slowly, stair by stair, with cautious pauses and lingering movements to the hall below, which is darker than that upper corridor; and, after gentlest opening of a door, into the dark drawing-room, where the woman of the house sees-or thinks she sees -that shadow woman strike a light with flint and steel and clumsy process of burning tinder, and so light a candle. Then the shadow-woman sets down the tall silver candlestick on a phantasmal cr rd table. and the house-mistress sees that other woman who has been dead a century and a half kneel on the carpeted floor, which is scattered with cards thick as fallen leaves in November woods-kings and queens and ices, cards that turn the fortune of the game. She gathere them up in heaps, and kneeling by the table in the dim candle light, she sorts pack after pack with infinite pains, assures herself with earnest eyes and puckered brows of numbers and of suits, each pack complete, and with nothing to spare; and then after this patient labour, which lasts a long time, laves one small pack of cards on the table, and flings all the rest about the floor around the card-table. The little pack of selected cards she thrusts into the bosom of her red and yellow bedgown; and then she blows out the candle and creeips out of the room and across the hall, and up. stairs again, her figure lighted by an un earthly light-a hlnish glimmer, faint and dim and fitful, which the woman of the house fancies must be the light that hangs above an unhallowed grave-a light whereof the shadow-woman is unconscious, and so must needs grope for a candle to light her stealthy search. Slowly and softly she step', with pale, naked foot, from stair to stair, and at the top of the staircase melts and is absorbed into the growing dawn; and, lo I when the living woman looks at the ground by the door of the empty bed-chamber the velvet shoes are gone. There is nothing left but a fancy or a dream. The old eight-day clock ticks in the dark hall below; the mice scamper, a bird sings on the little suburban garden outside, a cool breath of the morning blows in at an open window. The new-born day has begun in all its freshness of awaking bird and opening flower. This is tie story of the ghost. Now for the story of the woman who lived and sinned and suffered in that house a century and a half ago. THE STORY. " Dearest, if you would make me happy,you would give up high play," said the Colonel. " I would go further than that," answered Mrs Fermor; " if it would make you happy, I would give up cards altogether. What are they worth? An hour's excitement, the triumph of a winning hand, the misery of losing more than one can afford to lose, and make light of one's losses and sit smiling, while one thinks of servants' wages overdue, and black looks from one's milliner." " Indeed, my love, this passion for play, so common in your charming sex nowadays, is a folly that touches near the edge ofsin. And if you could make such a sacrifice for my sake, abandon a practice which fashion has made almost a necessaty." " What trumpery, worldly pleasure would I not sacrifice for you? Why I would sive up more than cards. I would give up eating and drinking, and starve to death smiling in your face all the time, were we shipwrecked on a desert island. I would give up friends and home-change my rtliglon." " Thou shalt give up nothing but a passion which verges on vice. I know your losses at cards have vexed you." "Yes I But I have been luckier lately. I won enough last week to pay all my little domestic debts. You will see only smiling faces among my household." " My dear Sybilla, to my mind it is more degrading to win than to lose, and I doubt that good luck, as you call it, exercises a worse influence on a woman-gamester than ill-fortune." " Yet, severely as you condemn the pas sion, you sometimes play yourself." " I never venture more than I can afford to lose. I am a man, and I cannot always refuse to share the amusements of my friends." They were in the first raptures of afilanced love. She was young and beautiful-a widow. who had married a man consider ably her senior, and whose marriage had proved a disappointment, since the husband's fortune was less than people thought when the matrimonial bargain was struck. She had been left with an income just large enough to make a show with, and insufi cient for comfort an I show. She might have lived comtortably and avoided debt had she consented to exist without a couple of footmen and to ride in a hired coach. But the coach and footmen seemed to her as essential as the air she breathed, and when she played high it was with the hope of supplementing her income by a run of luck at quadrille or faro. She had been a gamester for years, and with varying fortunes, now lifted to the Empyrean, now sunk low as Hades, hourly expecting to be hauled off to the Sponging House, and to see dress, coach, and gilded chair, abigail and footman, vanish like Cinderella's cavalcade at the stroke of mid night. ..rr this season, since her engagement to Ralpl Challoner, her star had been in the ascendant, and she had enjoyed a run of luck, at which her friends began to wonder, not without.an occasional curled lip and shrugged shoulder, not without an occasional inuendo. It was one of these inuendos, carelessly uttered in a crowded card-room, and over heard by Colonel Challoner, which had made him urge her. to play no r ore. Not for worlds would he have repeated the sneer, the scornful hint, which, had it not fallen from a woman's lips, would have been accounted for with blood. He told her only that he had observed the pernicious minfluence of the gaming-table. He had seen her feverish and excited at cards, ennuied, andabsent-minded when she was away from the card-table. He had seen her haggard countenance and worried aspect, even during a run of luck which her friends had called miraculous. He was a poor man-a soldier in a line regiment; but he had fought with Wolfe at Quebec, and his name had appeared advan tageously in the " Gazette." He knew that to marry the beautiful widow would be to hazard the peace and happiness of his future life; but he was still young enough to be desperately in love, and he turned a deaf ear to the whispers of prudence, when asked, " What have you, with scarce two hundred a year beyond a lientenant-colonel's pay, to do with an expensive wife ?" He knew that the lady was living beyond her means, and had ventured to expostulate with her upon her extravagance, but she put him off with a kises. " When I am your wife I will live as you bid me," she said. "In a cottage by Ken sington gravel-pits, with one red-elbowed servant-wench. Do you remember the cot tage we passed that day we rode out west wards after we had visited the Princess-a wooden hovel, smothered with roses and honeysuckle ? Well, Balph, I would be con tent to live there-with you." " Why your hoop would not pass through the doorway. love." "I would live without a hoop; withouit fine clothes, or jewels "-with a sigh at the thought of jewels which might be seized by her creditors to-morrow, were they ill natured enough to take the law of her. "Than live without cards, Sybilla. Make that sacrifice, and I will hold myself the happiest of men." " Let me get out of debt first," she urged. "What ? Are you so. sure of winning ?" His head was bent low to kiss the small hand that he was wont to clasp and fondle throughout their confidential talk, seated side by side on the Louis Quatorse sofa. Had he been looking at her he must have seen the sudden terror in her eyes, and the sickly whiteness under her rouge as be asked that question. " Sure? No, of course not," she answered, fretfully; " who can be suore of winning? Only I believe in luck ; and it seems foolish to leave off play until my luck changes." His prayers prevailed, and she gave him her promise. But she did not give up her card-parties. She had her "day "and her " night "; and once a week the tables in her spacious drawing-room were going all day and all night; and she insisted upon Colonel Challoner's playing for at least an hour or so at her parties. "My future husband has puritanical ideas about women gamesters," she said, lightly; "and I am his obedient slave; so he must take my place and help to amuse my friends." She would hang over his shoulder some times as he played, and her flashing eyes and flushed cheeks showed that she had lost none of her interest in the game. The perfume of her hair, the soft touch of her cheek as it brushed against his, even the light pressure of the restless hand which fluttered and trembled on his shoulder, distracted his at tention from the cards in his hand, and his la would have been careless and automatic she not advised and even commanded him. He usually sat in her favorite place, at an oblong table that stood in front of two long, narrow windows. Voluminous cur tains of gold and amber brocade covered the windlows and the wall space between them, and these rich draperies made a splendid background for powder and diamonds, bril liant eyes and complexion; and her visitors, who noted Mrs Fermor's preference for this particular table, were wont to ascribe the choice to vanity. The game affected at that time, and in that particular circle, was a development, or at least a modification, of faro. Challoner, as deputy host, took the bank, and did his ut most to keep the play low; such play as would have provoked the scorn of those fine gentlemen Horace Walpole writes about, who could make love at the end of the room, while they were risking thousands on the turn of a card at the other end. Sybilla's luck seemed to have passed to her lover. Moderate as the play was, his w'nnings were not altogeter despicable. He handed them to his mistress to dispose of among those insatiable creditors who made her life a burden. " Another sop for Cerberue," she would say, laughingly, as she put his money in her apron pocket. " You really ought to play a bolder game, since Fortune isso kind to you." ' I doubt I am unwise to play at all, Sybilla; for, after all, it is only letting you gamble behind a mask." " Psbhaw, child, somebody must play for politeness sake; or people will leave off coming to my house. They would fancy themselves reproved by my self-denial. No, so long as I have my day and my evening in this court suburb, somebody must make my house pleasant." She teased her lover until one night he consented to play high, still at her favourite table, with the background of voluminous brocade. A circular mirror, surmounted by a brazen eagle, occupied the only wall-space between . the amplitude of the curtains, but the candles' in the brazen sconces, on either side of thd glass, were never lighted. Mrs Fermor declared they threw the players' cards into shadow. There were only a pair of candles on each card-table, and people often com plaine I to one another that Mrs Fermor's drawing-room was "too ill lighted for any thing but a camera obscura." " If the play is to be serious, love, you had best seek scme other amusement than to watch my cards." Challoner said, before he took his seat. '- Your presence makes all other things seem trivial." " What ! May I not be your adviser 2" she asked. " I would rather play my own hand." " As you will," she said, and turned from him with a vexed air, to lavish her attentions upon a wit of 70, whose. conversation so amused her that a ripple of youthful and aged laughter was wafted to Colonel Chal loner's ear as he sat at cards, and distracted him greatly. Indeed, he soon found he was no better off for having got rid of his adviser, since his glances were continually wander ing towards that distant corner where the ancient jest-maker was lolling across the spinet, looking up at MrsFermor, and where a brace of younger sparks had joined them. He knew that he was playing wildly backing weak cards, doubling the stakes, just ,hen he ought not. His luck had turned. "She is my luck," he thought," and with out her I am nothing." He tried to catch her eye; but she did not look his way- till the end of the hand, when. as he flung his losses on the table. she turned suddenly and looked at him across all the length of the room as if the jingle of his guineas had attracted her. He beckoned her with a glance. . She left her friends instantly and came gliding to his elbow. "Well," she whispered, "have you lost much ?" "Only a month's pay. Not worth speak ing of, so long as you are pleased." " I am not pleased. You should let me me advise you. . Fairy Goodluck was hot at your christening.,' She established herself in her old place, hung over his chair, cut the cards. fr him; and with pretty impetuous movement' fluhg the cards that were done with from the table to the floor. The perfume that hung about her lace and frippery, the ivory white ness, of her arm, the tapering hand, the music of her notto -ce speech, these were the ingredients in the intoxicating cup which she brewed for him nightly. He was not master of his wits, he was not master of himself, when she hung over him, when her hair touched his brow and her breath fluttered on his cheek, and he scarcely knew what he dealt, or to whom he dealt, scarcely knew whether he was winning or losing, had but one desire, one impulse-to draw the lovely head down to his breast, and lose himself in the witchcraft of her kisses. The game was played with two packs shuffled together, and the banker might have the cards cut by whomsoever he chose; by the black footman handing chocolate if he thought blackle would bring him luck. Colonel Challoner's luck was at his elbow in the dazzling white hand, which scarce needed the sparkle of diamonds-the rest'ess impetuous hand, which swooped upon the cards like a white bird, quick and eager. It was growing late, and pack after pack had been thrown down since the game began, until the floorabout the table was scattered thick with cards. The losers had begun to look at their watches and yawn ostenta tiously. The bank was winning steadily, when one of the men who had been losing, cried out : * I protest against that Queen of Hearts. It is the third that has been played since the pack- was cut? And 'tis act the first time I have suspected an interloping honour. No wonder you are so fortunate a banker, Colonel Challoner. Some good fairy doctors your cards. I'll wager that previous packs would prove as rich in winning cards as the listMrs Fermor flungon the foor,ifany one would take the trouble to hunt for them." If anyone would take the trouble? All the seven players were down on their knees within the next minute, gathering up the scattered cards, counting, sorting, arranging, and oh I that terrible array of honors, damn ing evidence of somel ody's dishonour, which Sir Lomax Treherne, the man who had given the alarm, laid out on the card-table. A king of spades not accounted for; ace of diamonds, not ac comnted for; and so on, and so on. The packs which had been gathered up and sorted were complete without those cards. Colonel Challoner stood In the midst of the excited b bblers, white as marble, silent, till the last card had been picked up. "This matter conceiansyou and me prima rily, Sir Lomax,". he-said; " and I think we can settle it without any fuss. My friend shall wait upon you." He walked out of the room without another word, without one look at the woman who stood with her powdered head agai st the blue and gold brocade, her tall slim figure leaning against the curtained wall, smiling at the company with tremulous lips, that convulsive smileaccentuated by carmine fanningherself,and saying over and over again: "'Tis all vastly absurd. I protest not one of you knows how to count a pack of cards." Mrs Fermor's black footman had little rest that night, but was kept trudging about upon his lady's service. He carried a letter to Colonel Challoner's suburban lodging; and was told there was no answer, but on going back to his mistress she stormed at him, wrote another letter, longer, more pas sionate than the last, and despatched him again, bidding him not to return to her with out Colonel Challoner's reply, if he valned his life. " I shall kill you if you come back empty handed," she cried. Day was dawning when he brought his mistress Chailoner's letter, for which he hat waited more than an hour, sitting in dark ness on a bench in the entrance hall. Mrs Fermor's hands shook as broke the seal, and her scowling brow told poor Scipio that she was not much better pleased with her lover's letter than she had been by his silence. She stared at the letter with heaving breast and quivering lips, then crushed the paper sud denly, and turned on the weary African as if he had offended her. "Go to bed, fool," she said; "but be sure you are up and dressed before 8 o'clock, and ready to go on an errand." It was now five, a summer morning, and the birds were singing in the hawthorns and lilacs that screened Mrs Fermor's garden from the high road. She snatched up her hood, with a sudden design of going to her lover's lodgings, to fling her arms about his neck and hold him back from death, as Circe might have held him; for, though his letter contained nothing but an icy farewell, she knew that a duel between him and Treherne was inevitable. She would have gone to him, secure in her power to mould him to her will, but, as she stpped automatically before her looking-glass to put on her hood, the reflection she saw there in the clear morning light made her change her mind. Was that haggard countenance, plastered with white lead and ceruse, with drawn features and purple lips, a face to work Circean spells. To seeher as she looked this morning in the searching eastern light, would be enough to break love's spell at its strongest. No, she would not try to see him. She would write to him again and again, passionate protestations of love, piteous en treaties, fevered words blotted with tears. Could he resist such an appeal ? "For my sake-for my sake- refuse to meet the man. Tell him that I, and Ialone, was the cheat; that you have done with me for ever. I care not what shame I have to endure. I can hide myself from the world, turn Catholic, and bury myself alive in a convent; but, oh, if you have a spark of mercy in your nature, let me not suffer the agony of knowing that I killed you-that you flung away your life because of my sin. My love-my husband that was to be-have pity upon me. I will never ask to see you again, if you would have it so. Live a stranger to me, if you will; only live, live, live; and save the woman who adores you from madness." Those were the closing sentences of a long letter-a letter of passionate recapitulation n-suh a letter as distracted women write, drowning meaning in a torrent of words. A letter which generally fails in its purpose. Scipio carried the letter to Challoner's lodgings at 8 o'clock, and brought home the fatal news. Colonel Challoner had left the house in a coach at half-past 7, with two other gentlemen. He had been heard to tell the coachman to drive to Ham-common. Mrs Fermor went about the house all day, smiling, and talking to herself, as she had talked to her departing guests the previous night. "So vastly absurd i Was there ever such a ridiculous mistake?" Dear Lady Sarah could not conceive that she tampered with the cards. If there were too many honours it was the cardmaker's error. The cards came into her house in sealed packets, and she never touched them till the game began. She still smiled her strange artifi cial smile, still talked to herself or to any rare visitor in the same strain, long after Colonel Challoner had been lying in Peters ham churchyard, shot through the heart by Sir Lomax Treherne. She was quite mad, but quite harmless. She lived for many years in this piteous condition, and used to walk about Bichmond with an attendant, pointed out as the poor lady that had lost her wits after the tragical death of her lover, who had been discovered cheating at cards, and had been killed in the duel which followed that discovery. 