A SYDNEY MIRACLE. 1 INVESTIGATION. BY A RE PORTER. .- . . THE INTERESTING CASE or Ain:. ToIAris JanYIS, Who SAYS THAT A FEW WEEKS AGO RE WAS CIPPLED- PARTIALLY PARALYZED, SUFFERING FROM LocoaoToR ATAXsA, AND HELPLESS. DOOTORS, HoSPITAL AUTHORITIES, AND EVERY ONE SAID HE IUST DIE AS MIS CASE WAS HOPELESS. BUT THEY WTERE MIS TAKEN. To. DAY HE IS A NEW MAN FULL, OF LIFE AND ENERGY, HIS CRUTCHES IIE HAS THROWN AWAY, HIs DEAD LIMBS HAvE LIFE, HIS APPETITE HAS RETURNED, AND, IN FACT, HE hAS A NEW LEASE OF LIFE OUT AND OUT. So much interest Ilhas been shown by our readers in this marvellous case that we have published the facts again as they appeared in the Australian IWork man a few weeks ago: One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane Ultino. le was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared mhi to be onle of the happiest men in Sydney. IHle was up and about and able to answer thle knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions, he siaid: luonwanit to, know all about my case ? Well,; I am glad of an op portunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "How long were you suffering ? " SWell, twelve months ago 1 got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, 1 met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Syd ney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malandy I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or'bladder, and was a nusiance to myself and everyone else. I was in cessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On thle 23rd March last I saw a well known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, lie gave ue an order to the Director of Charitable In stitutions." " Did you make use of the order ? " "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could rot walk across the floor; in lact, I could not get out of bed. 1 lelt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all lhe could by opium and morphia pills to ease the agony Iwas in. ;I was under him f:or five orsix weeks. -lIe came to the conclusion' that I was sietlning trom locomotor ataxia, or progressive loco motor ataxy, a disease of thle spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co- ordinating rll untary movements. lie told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning Ian will grasp ata straw, I grasped at an idra conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of anotllher boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the adver tisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give thle Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a bax. The efftct was its marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as thouglh nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It nwas incredible. I immediately left thle bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now talking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here? . They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, hut I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All 1 want is this stick, and I hope soon to do withoutit. Yun see I am rapidly re gaining my strength." "RHe is 100 per cent. better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him.n" A friend who called in at this point, said tlat; arris looked ten years younger ihat day thai he did a fortnight pre siously " Ican now," continued Jarv-is, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come lnckin my legs IfI keep cn going the way I asi, I hope to be able to re siime work as a boiler- maker, and you know I have to belas the verypink of health sid strength to work at that trade. I an better to-day than I lave been at any time during the past five years. I a-eribe all the change and benefit to tlese Pin'k Pills. They have Saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, ant feel like a new man. On the mantlepiecethere is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave ole to teaden the excruciating pain. Dut they can stay where they are, for I no lunger need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change innme. They can hardly believe their eyes.. My being sbout again has caueed quite a sensatien out here." Such is the remarkable Ilistory, and coxfirms what is said in all the chief newopapers in this country of the as tonieting cures wrought by Dr. Wil *liaas Pink Pills for Pale People. They ture locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the niany dis orders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as arnemia, pale and sallow complexion, general mss cular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath..pains in the back, nervons headache, &c.; These pills are a tonic, not ii pur; satire.. They are genuine only with the full- namiki; Dr. Williams' Pink Pilles for Piile People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers generally, or the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Queen's PIlace, Sydney, will forwardl on receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2r. DJ, or half-dozen for 14s. 9d. 