AN OUTRAGE ON LIBERTY. Tyranny, as some people imagine, does not solely consist in imprisoning or murdering a man for party or poli tical purposes, or to gratify the AVhim and vanity of those in power. Any attempt to deny to any citizen the full exercise of the rlffhts that the Consti tution confers upon him is also tyran ny, and may be far more disastrous in its consequences and the effects even than imprisonment, exile or the gal 'uivoi j. mi: iji ens wtira jicruiucU JIJLU Lllli world as the guardian of liberty, the vigilant and powerful defender ,.f the people's rights, but when It sets up an arbitrary despotism, and uses its pow erful influence in the Interests of a clique, or class, and against the privi leges and rights of citizens, things have come to an alarming pass indeed. 'Quls c'ustodi et ipsos custodes?' 'Who will keep the sentinels at their post of duty?' The Sydney 'Herald' has ever been in this unenviable position. II has inflicted untold injuries and suf ferings on the Catholics of New South Wales by misrepresentations, by calumny, by refusing its columns to (hem to vindicate themselves when in its columns they were grossly insulted and barbarously assailed, and by all the other arts and means by which par tisan and bigoted newspapers know how to achieve their contemptible ends. Many Catholics fondly dreamed that the ' Herald ' of the ' Klama Ghost. ' ' Reign of Terror ' had pas«?ed away, and that the spirit that actuated it of late years was a spirit of Mleratlon, and a desire to promote the public weal, irrespective of creed or cHss. They deceived themselves. Bigotry scorred by intelligent Protestants and ridiculed, and hated by the good sense of the Australian community had to turn for a last asylum and vesting place to the venerable fortress and stronghold of the 'Herald' office. It there frets and fumes in impotent de spair, eagerly awaiting the opportunity to once more rush forth on its villain ous career of rousing the demon of in tolerance and strife, and crushing the rights and liberties of Australian citi zens. The rumour that Cardinal Moran was to be a candidate for the Federal Convention gave the presiding spirit of the 'Herald' office its looked-for oppor tunity. It sent its interviewer to him to ascertain his views, and rightly or wrongly construing them as favourable to Iuk candidature .it. rushed then with post speed to every obscure parson in Sydney to know what, they 'thought' about the Cardinal, and for days pub lished in full their 'views.' It then wrote a long leading article, mildly for bidding his Eminence to remember that he was invested with all the rights of Australian citizenship — even as Mr. lieid, or the editor of the 'Herald' him self. It was an outrageous act of pre sumption and impertinence on the part of any paper circulating in a free coun try. It justified its invidious position by declaring that the Cardinal's can didature would arouse bigotry. So it would. But who would arouse the bigotry? The 'Sydney Morning Her ald.' As a first instalment of what it is prepared to do should the Cardinal attempt to raise his voice outside the sphere of purely ecclesiastical matters it published last week an article on the sufferings of the Cubans at the hands of Spanish Catholics. To keep down sectarian strife, and to smother bigotry In the colony, it incident ally remarked that all the in struments of torture of the In quisition were still In working order in Spain, and that the Catholics there were only too eager vo ca'l them once more into requisition to strangle, tear, rack and burn rebels and heretics. It left the conclusion to its bigoted read ers. The Cardinal is a Catholic, and being a Catholic he must be intolerant, and a persecutor. Therefore, if you allow him to sit at the Convention with the aid of the Jesuits he will elthei rna-je Mr. Reid, Mr. Barton, and the other delegates subscribe to an 'auto- d.r,-fe,' or else he will put them on the n.cr. and finally burn ihyrn. Then he will cause fires to be Jifhtetl over the whole land, and will unite every Pro testant, in the country in a federation of flames. Such low, n-rrari', nonsense is v.n Insult to every sensible Protestant in the colony, and on'y proves that the 'Herald' has no idea oC public opinion in this country. This 'rot' might be freely sw.ilowod will's the ' Kiama Ghost rulodi the couutrv but things have vastly changed since then. We believe that the bigoted, unconstitu tional policy of the 'Herald' would se^ cure for his Eminence, were he to allow himself to be nominated, the vote of the vast majority of the Protestant elec tors of the colony. Their spirit of fair play and manly Independence would drive them to this course. They could not consistently, with any self-respect, allow themselves to be dragged by the nose by the old grandmotherly, an tiquated organ of Hunter-street. In the interests of Australian liberty and citizenship, assailed by the 'Herald' the great body of the people of tlio colony would be delighted were the Cardinal to offer himself for election. It would be the vindication of a great principle— the deciding whether Mr. Curnow or the people were to rule this country. They would return his Emin ence triumphantly at the head of the poll. ? Willioboy : 'Do you know, she just sat there and stared at mo as if she saw nothing?' Madgo : ' Why, certainly.' 'Do you bolioyo in tho transmigration of houIh? 'Not I. And you ?' 'I am con vinced of it.' 'Indued. Then what were you onco upon a timo?' 'An ass.' t'Whotv?' 'When I lent you ' /that ,i sovereign. ' , ' A man onco approached another' man who was standing at an office door, and nskod if thoro was a gentleman with one oyo named Spudkins in the building. ' I don't know,' was tho atiHwor. ' What was tho name of tho other oyo ?' Just That and Nothing More. — Tho con versation turned upon a speaker who was not particularly gifted. ' He has only three faults,' said ono of tho company. 'First, ho roads his speeches : second, ho roads them badly ; third, they are not worth reading.' Did you over see a man who was punctual who did not prosper in the long run ? Wo don't caro who or what lie was— high or low, ignorant or learned, savage or oivilisofl — wo know that if ho did ns ho agreod, and was punctual in all ?engagements, ho pros jered. 