THE MIGHTY ACTS OF GOD. By John Clifford, D.D. Preached in Westbuurue Park Chapel, London, on resuming his ministry after an absence of seven mouths. I will come with the mighty acts of the Lord God ; I will make mention ot Thy righteousness, even of Thine only.— Psalm lxxi., 10. I am commencing to-day tho fortieth year of my ministry among you. After one of the ? longest, and 1 am sure I may say safely, the most helpful, holiday I have ever had I am beginning my work with an old and familiar theme ; taking to the plough onco more with the hopes and with the antici nations of spring- time in my heart, and also in yours, resolved, as in the days past, to scatter the seed, the incorruptible seed of the Word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever, all round us, in anticipation that harvests like those we have reaped in years goue by should be reaped to the praise and glory of God. It is exactly thirty-nine years this very morning since on the other side of Paddington I took for my text the words, '1 will go in the strcngh of the Lord God, I will make mention of Thy righteousness, even of Thine only.' You will notice there is a change between the Revised and Authorised Versions ; and I think tpany of you will be prepared to admit that that change in itself is most fit and opportune. There is about the Authorised Version the dash, intrepidity, re soluteness of youth. There is something of the trust of a long experience of life in the Version which 13 called Revised. 'I will go' — I remember laying emphasis on the purpose, on the high aim, and on the resoluteness of the spirit, as well as on the dependence upon Gi-od expressed in that sen tence, 'I will go in the strength of the Lord God.'1 But after 39 years of work I am glad to be able to take this Revised Version not simply as itself being more accurate in rendering of the original, but also as more accurately ren dering my own temper and disposition ; for looking over those years I see, as I did not see when I was only 22, that the emphasis is not to be laid so much upon our own dependence upon God as it is upon His mighty acts, Iiis great strength, as it works in tho advance of righteousness, and in the production of redemptions. Paul plants with unwearied assiduity, with prolonged devotion, wearing himself out ia the effort; Apollos with his eloquent speech aud fertile mind waters the seed which has been sown ; but God gives the increase, prepares for it long years before the seed is sown. When the seed is iu the earth He Himself is watering it with the dews of His Spirit, and when grown into the ear, it is His sunshine comes down upon it, and ripens it so that it may be converted into nourishing bread for hungeriug humanity. I take, therefore, the old theme of 39 years ago, though with a new and chastened spirit; and I delight to think that you, my beloved fellow-workers, are prepared in a review of the past to accept the expression of the singers of 'old time as a true rendering of our own thought. I can hardly expect to have 39 more years with you, though the 3!) that have goue have been so joyous, so rich iu happiness, so blessed in service to our race, that I should not regret, were my strength maintained, to have another thirty-nine with you ; but bo the years few or many we come up from the years gone with the mighty acts of the Lord girding us rouud and strengthening us for our future service, determined that there shall nothing lack of consecration, or of unselfishness, or of high aim necessary to secure the harvest we seek. lfc is said, concerning this Psalm, that it is simply a cento of phrases selected from other Psaltos. But a man may quote, not simply for the filling up of time in a perfunctory manner, but for filling out the expression of his own soul in language which has become con secrated in its use by a man of similar expe rience and similar hopes. Although this ia a Psalm made up largely of quotations — and what are we made up of, any of us ? We are quotations from top to bottom and all around. Whatever wealth we have of thought, whatever aspiration aud capability wo have for service, \ve are quotations. Certainly, therefore, we should not be amongst those who will look with less favor upon this Psalm because it eon- j sists o£ a string of quotations from other Scriptures, for the Psalm throbs with feeling ; it is saturated with accumulated experiences, and the man breathes out his own desires with the greater strength because he feels' he is along the Hues of men who have gone before him in his experience of the grace and power of God as well as in his high purpose. THE MIGHTY. ACTS OF THE LOKI). The theme around which these quota tions are gathered is that of tho acts of the Lord as they exhibit themselves in their marvellous strength revealing a personal will, and exhaustless energy, and they show God championing the cause of justice and righteousness everywhere and always, and they discover Him to us as ever in His strength, and in His righteousness Redeemer, the God of salvation— 'My mouth shall tell of Thy righteousness, and of Thy salvation all the day, for I know not the numbers thereof.' I cannot spell out the story to the end ; it is really exhaustless. I will come with the mighty acts of the Lord as with materials for endless praise. Since the man is himself in perilous circumstances, surrounded by enemies, he speaks of these mighty acts as though they were an invul nerable coat of mail clad iu which he may stand in the midst of foes fearlessly and triumphantly. The mighty acts of the Lord, the interposition of God in the history of mankind, tho exercise of His own personal .will still in subjection to law which He Himself imposed, in harmony with order, the order of which He Himself is the origin, and therefore performing deeds that by their very might stand out from the ordinary and uniform course of human experience, deeds that are creative of new epochs like the choice that affected the chieftain Abraham, bo that He is filled with a now conception of God, and starts not merely a new family, but becomes the head of a new race, and also the founder of a new religion ; deeds of expansion, of enlargement like this which issued in the election of Joseph to the rule of Egypt, so that the people, animated with a new thought of- God, might also be enricheS with the result of Chaldean civilisation through Egypt, as recent discoveries — discoveries that have been brought to light since I have left you— have told us ; deeds, not simply of -extension, but deeds of- deliverauce, such as the Exodus ; and deeds like the overthrow, of the guilty cities of Sodom and Gomorrah — ' I will come clad with these mighty acts of the Lord God, as in a coat that is absolutely impenetrable, and as with convictions that will sustain me amid all the exigencies and perils of My human life.' These mighty act3 discover to us that God]s purpose is absolutely triumphant, that His plans cannot be broken up and scattered, that His council stands fast, and that His thought endures from generation to genera tion. It does not seem so always ; it seems often as if the Deity wore baffled and overcome by the wickedness of men, us though His own aims were frustrated by the lower and baser aims of other wills. But this is only tem porary. When we pet down to the deep meaning of the revelations of God's strength we discover this — that He really is victorious in tho output of His force, aud that His personal will is, though late, yet surely triumphant. Therefore this psalm ends with the note of victory. There is many a plaintive line in it, the old man feels his peril, but he finishes with a shout that is full of the strength of assured con viction that the strength of Jehovah is itself triumphant over all tho machinations and follies, over all the vices and the sins of man kind. EVOLUTION IN THF. MINISTER'S STODV. There is no doubt in the thinking world — the thinking world has its thinking deter mined for it to a very great extent just now by the principle of the evolution — that this is the hinge of the thought of mankind, and that that great generalisation has been productive of reconciliation of sundry sciences, aud has also given to us points of view for the interpretation of the intellectual and moral development of man kind that will be productive of changes in the thought of man greater than yet seen. I do not eay that the doctrine of evolution has passed into the universal pulpit,, I am afraid not; but it cer tainly has got into the study of tho minister. And I am not certain that tho absolute phrases born in another age, in pi-e-Darwiuiau times, aro not still heard from our pulpits, from platforms, and occasionally met with in the press. But I do rejoice to think that this conception is taking possession of the thought of mankind ; aud this postulate — I describe it simply as a postulate — is bring ing to us greater advantages in our conception of God, for it does not mean suspension of the action of God, but the illumination of it. It does not mean the culmination of the free choice of God, but the distinct sphere in which that free choice still operates. It is not the extinction of the personal will — that can never be extinguished, nor evidence for it destroyed. For, whilst it proclaims to us that there has been out of almost unformed germs wonderful developments, it does not prohibit us from looking for the beginner of every beginning, for the creator of every now departure of human thought and effort. And, therefore, I find men are still, notwithstanding they are in the presence of this fresh concep tion of the whole human life, full of tho memory of His mighty acts. The mighty acts of the Lord God aro clothing me as with a coat of mail, and filling rue with material for endless praise. a THE COX) OF JUSTICE. It ought not to bo difficult for us to recog nise the advantage springing from the memory charged to the full with the mighty acts of God. You have seen a child coming morning by morning to its tasks — some of them very monotonous aud wearisome ; enfolded in the memory of father's strength and of mother's wisdom, it has gone through the days duty courageously and hope fully, sustained, though perhaps without any speech concerning it, by the thought of home and the character portrayed there, so that if the child's thought could find expression it would be in language like this — 'I will go clothed with the mighty acts of our Lord God as they are exhibited in father and in mother.' Napoleon found strength for himself in studying tho career of Alexander; and Correggio in contemplation of tho work of preceding painters. Men everywhere have got inspiration and strength for the doing of their own work from the contemplation of the great deeds either of their contemporaries or predecessors. If a child derives inspiration and strength from his father, and a man from his brother, how much more shall we derive strength from the mighty acts of God, aud solace our hearts with His great display of power, confident that what wo have committed to Him of hope, faith, and service will be safe against that day. But the Hebrew never can be for long an idolator of force as force. All the mighty acts of God concentrated themselves upon the punishment of any such false worship. Men guilty of idolatry of power, like Ahab and other kings, are described as not doing that which is right iu the sight of God. Strength, apart from character,- never met wfth any approbation from prophetic Israel. Great ness was not estimated according to range of service or loftiness of posi tion, but it was estimated . according to quality of character ; and hence this man, who speaks again and again concerning the mighty acts of the Lord, describes these mighty acts as acts of righteousness. You can see that he is one who has faced the turmoil and the strife of human life, who has been puzzled by the conflicts in the expe riences of good men and bad men, who has again and again had to face the controversy concerning the triumph of wickedness and tho prostration and overthrow of goodness, and who, nevertheless, having faced all these, still uomes out with the statement, God is right, God is just, and God's mighty acts are for righteousness, they aro for justice. The singer has gone down to the pillars of the world ; he sees on what humanity really rests ; he recognises there is an order, and that God Himself has created it, Eustains it, is working according to it, and will make it finally vic torious. His song is concerning the God who has never failed to put Himself by the side of justice. I could almost have wished our revisers had followed the translation of the French in this caso and had said 'justice' instead of 'righteousness,' for we have become so theological in our interpretation of this word righteousness as almost to restrict it to individual righteous ness, aud to think of God as though He did not set Himself by the side of men and women who are seeking to establish justice upon the earth. It is for us always to rejoice in the face that our belief in universal justice starts in the conception of our belief in per sonal justice, and God makes us invincible in this trust by bringing us to partake of the new life. Ask anyone why he is perfectly sure that justice will one day bo universal, and the probability is he will at once Bny, 'I am born again, not of flesh, not. of man, not of blood, but of God, and I am made partaker of His righteousness.' And out of that expe rience there comes up the feeling that the righteousness to which- we are born is the righteousness whioh will be enthroned, and in that personal conviction wo have refuge from every storm that assails us, and when we our selves go down beneath the billows of mis fortune, our property gone from us, our earn-, ings gone from us, still we do not lose faith in the certainty of ultimate universal righteous ness. IDEALS AND CIVILISATION. Whilst that is the conviction of my text. I am certain that it goes far beyond personal righteousness and contemplates the establish ment of justice everywhere upon this earth. That this is so I would illustrate by the trend of recent events. There is the constant heightening of the standard of individual duty. The progress#of civilisation is a progress in ideals. There is a greater tendency to bring under the definition of sin acts, in dividual and collective, that formerly were scarcely recognised as being within the scope of that phrase. That that heightening of the standard of individual duty has been accom plished by the Spirit of God within the last century, with these thirty-nine years of our fellowship, there are evidences all round. You cannot have the same conception of man in his relation to man that you had when we started at Praed-street. Before I had been thare six months I was denounced as a man preaching political sermons. Why? Simply because I said a man must be just all round, that therajis nothing fragmentary or partial in justice. I thank God that throughout this ministry. 1 have made mention of His justice aud His righteousness j you people, even when my utterances have gone counter to your own judgment, aye, and to your own interests, have said, 'Freedom of speech is the right of eveiy minister of ours, and therefore that freedom is his; and you have not only accepted the message but you have been ready to do, as far as in you lay, what you could to further in civic life and in political life to establish these principles of justice. If in my journey round the world there was one thing more than another to make me glad it was to see tho ascent of this principle everywhere. It has got into our Parliaments to a far greater extent in Australasia, and in Canada, than in England ; it has got into our conceptions of religious establishments, it has passed intj the interpretation of education ; in fact, this same principle of justice, one of tho mightiest prin ciples that can possibly be advocated, is that which is everywhere, slowly I admit, and in the face of great opposition, yet surely gaining ground. God hasten its enthronement for the sake of man, His child ! On the last point I must utter ? one word. You perceive, do you not? that the term love and righteousness is interchangeable here. He has no blurred conception of God which would make it permissible to reoognise the conflict in Him between love and justice. Love can not be unjust. Justice cannot be without love. The harmony of the Almighty, of His whole nature, is one of tho finest revelations of God in the Old Testament .Scriptures. The Psalmist almost tends to resolve not merely morality into love, but all God's love into morality and all God's power into redemptive effort. God will redeem ! It is Jesus who takes up the message of the Psalmist and in His life illuminates each par ticular point. In His temptation He shows how power is to be used only for obedience to the will of God and for service to mankind ; in His dying the death of the cross how death itself is to be faced and borue ; and in His whole ministry from first to last how all power is to be used for the purpose of saving other people. Redemption is the one word that sums up at once the goal and the motive of God. To redeem. His m'ghty acts are performed; to save, He advances righteous ness upon the earth. His great work is His' work of redemption. And, brothers, he calls us to co-operate with Him. We exist together as a Christian Church so that we may co-operate with Him. Hegives us His strength for this ; He shows us His character*for this ; He makes the love of God to abound in our hearts by the Holy Ghost for this. What the world most of all needs is that its 'Blanched conception of God should je displaced by a vivid, real, Now Testament conception.of God.' We have it to- day, and as we have done so in some slight measure in the years past, so shall we in the years in front of us. Wo shall come with the mighty acts of the Lord, and wo will make mention of Hjg righteousness, and of His only ; of His righteousness which is love, and which is love for redemption. God help us as a Church, help us as in dividuals that we may fulfil His holy will in this His day ! Amen. 