Ghost and War Dances. It is tho custom upon the occasion of each Indian uprising at any of tho Western agencies, to assign some special cause, differing according to the circumstances, for the outbreak. In the case of the Cheyennes, who are now making trouble at the Tongue River Agency, in Montana, it is said that the disturbance origin- ated in the murder of a sheep herder by tho Indians, because they feared that he would inform against them for cattle stealing. There can usually be found, of course, some incident upon which to fasten tho outbreak, but the real, cause of tho Indian trouble lies dooper than this. At certain times, as the red man himself says, " Injun's heart gets bfld." Very often this occurs in the spring, when tho fresh, new grass has put tho ponies into perfect condition, and when the rnijd weather has caused the ponies* masters to shako off their winter lethargy. Then the aforesaid " bad " feeling manifests itself, and the Indians desire nothing so much' as to go forth and kill. The killing of human beings would be prefer- able, as offering moro excitement, but hunting, if it is good enough, offers ii substitute which may .' bo accepted. Thus, as long ns the buf- faloes lasted they provided a means of outlet for the Indians' surplus destructive energy, but now this resourco has disappeared, and tb oro is no other legitimate hunting to compare with it. So 'when tho councils ami the dances have aroused every particle ol' warlike spirit in tho hearts of the young braves, what moro natural than that it should be found easy to pick quarrels, and thnt the thirst for tho white man's blood once acquired, should often tako a long time and much effort to quench ? The ghost dances and tho war dances held in the spring aro always moro effective than those at other times of tho year. The Indians are pleased at tho thought of being able to hold them out of doors again, after tho close confinement which the cold of a Dnkota or Montana winter enforces. An extra amount of vigor is infused into tho savage and grotesque con- tortions of tho dancers, and the spectators gaze ns if they could not soo enough of those movements, which aro suggestive to thom of tho highest typo of valiant daring. But it is, perhaps, after _ tho dance is ondod, when tho warriors are scated around in a circle on tho ground, that tho fighting desire is workod up most surely and ijoworfully among them. The pipe of good fellowship is first passed around in or three puffs, and then Handing it on ? to his next neighbor. Just boro it is interesting to note that the red man does not smoko after tho man- ner of his white brother. In tho whole circuit which the pipe makos its mouthpiece is never wet. The Indian merely lays tho end of tho stem against his lower lip, and, with his mouth partly opon, draws a deep breath. Removing tho pipe, ho ox hales this smoke, and then perhaps lays the stem to his lips for a second puff, but' never does ho put the mouthpiece into his mouth, in tho common white man's fashion. If asked to smoko a peace-pipe after a white man, he ürst wipes off tho end of the pipe stem whore it has been in the previous smoker's mouth. To return to the circle which is formed after the dance, tho smoking, as was said, takes place in silence. Then some noted warrior of the band rises and strides into the centre of the group. When he has fixed the attention of all, he begins to recite the brave deeds which he has accomplished in war, illustrating his remarks with a most picturesque varioty of gestures, and certainly allowing his story to lose nothing in telling. As he talks, tho eyes of the young braves, glow, and their features work with excitement and a desire to emulate such achieve- ments. The fact that tho Indian habitually represses his emotions need load no one to doubt their strength, and the amount of pent-up onergy which is expressod in tho attitudes of these young braves is enough to make tho civilised spectator shudder as he thinks of the savage expression it may find. At tho conclusion of the speaking, after all tho famous mon of the land have recited similar experiences to those of tho . first orator, tho excitomont is intense. Then it is, and sometimes for many days afterwards, that the Indians aro to be dreaded, for they are ready to seize upon almost any pretext to pick a quarrel with the whites. It is the opinion of many people experienced in Indian affairs that nearly all of the difficulties arise from this uncontrollable fighting ardour of tho young men of tho tribes. They have hoard thoir fathers toll so often of the glories of killing tho whito mon twenty years ago, at the time of tho Custer massacre and other nqtpd .fights, that they feel as if they must also achieve something of the sort or forfeit a reputation for bravery. silence, each Indian takii 