THE HUNGRY ARMY. The now historic utterance given expres sion to by Mr. G. R. Roid, when , stumping tbe country last general election, that if he was given a twe.ve- months' occupancy of the Treasury benches he would make everyone 'jelly '.-and 'fat,-'' has' met the fate usually attendant, on the pie-crust promises of pestiferous, pistareea politi cians. .' dust how our Heavensent Pre mier was going to work each changes, and canBe tbe glorious ean of prosperity to arise and* disperse .the gloomy clouds of J.._.nr.Snei end' Bant ha nn*AP oniiiriti 8a UCpiCSBlVB wnus sv WW owtijut W demonstrate, n6r did he in any way endeaveur to show by what methods hs would'' transform into a dead letter the Biblioan assertion' that the poor shall be. With Us always ; but the groat pubiio, so used to being galled by/specious sophistry ahd bla'ient bunkum, easily swallowed, the beit, ead once more resigned themselves to-the solicitous - oare of the politicians.: That election will stand in -history as «ne pf the most, if not ibe most, discreditable khown'toourcountry, for never were there Uken' greater pains to mislead, deceive, dupe, and terroriso the public. . The glib-' mouthed prater ' gammoned some ; the foreign- tfadePreSsnf Sydney '( whose 'Jiigh prieet is Reid) and' country dragooned and 'stampeded others ; the Labor Patriot . took upiofi his shoulders tha-task'of delud ing; the. poof, froth whose ranks he had' riaen,' br' upon whom' he :intended te, live. Never wsb a greater etknd made agarnst men, no matter what their ability,' whp^co'uld not be gammoned or bullied, bought or cajoled* Ey.ery artifice known to political -trickery- wis resorted to, whereby their defeat could be secured, and all too well tbey- succeeded. Thus weie many freetraders of undenbted ability, but of complete independence, - thrust out of public Ine, while the. bulk of the Protectionist Leaders also met defeat. lleid wall returned to power with a strong and most servile following, and thus was his occupancy of tbe Treasury benches rendered eecuie. He hae now bad his wish — considerably more than twice the twelve months for which he craved have gene by, and so far from the ' jolly and fat ' era having been entered upon, the condition of the people, especially the workers, has become lower tad more degraded than ever known before. And these are they of whom he can speak, while feeding on the fat of tbe land and rubbing shoulders with England's Aristocracy, as 1 nearest and dearest.' Yes, ' nearest,' no doubt, for they are the crea tions of his policy — they are the children begotten by his fiscal fad; 'dearest,' un questionably, for it is from the meals which they lack, and the necessaries of life of which they are deprived, that he and his foreign trade clientele are fed. Dearly have they paid for allowing George to run the shew ; and more, much more, iB it likely to cOBt thein still; for the end is not yet 'Life is a comedy to those who think and a tragedy to those who feel,' is a trite axiom, and to those who feel there can be nothing more tragic than the Bights to be noted in a week through Sydney streets at the present period. Go where you will, evidences of tbe direst poverty and desti tution confront you ; on all sides are you assailed by beggars and paupers, that start up like ' ghouls and affrights ' to beg for bread. Old men and old women, youths and maidens, children of tender years — the Hungry Army has enlisted them all. There never was a time when its ranks were s* streng ; when so heterogeneous a collection was gathered therein. Yet the vast., majority of them are not loafers ; most of them seek . a livelihoed, -and the varied means.they use to attain their end excite the wondering pity of the observer, Qutside tbe marts of tbe city merchants, gay with the wares in which the children of the rioh love te deck themselves, and around which they parade in bright colors and costly fabrics, may many of its members be 'seen. With baskets jof wild flowers and golden wattle, trum pery toys and cakes of Boap. thay seek to earn an honest penny. But too often are their efforts to trade met with rude rebuff and sneering scorn from the haughty dames and demoiselles whose haunts tbey invade. About the tram waiting-rooms they are met in flocks, again armed with trays of matches, but tons, studB, and similar trifles, all anxious to. gather in a '? brown ' or two, and but too often does night come for them te find the result of their day's trading has not brought them the price of a bed. But great as is tbe number to be tbus met with in tbe 'city, far greater is it the caee in tbe suburbs. There they swarm, making house to house visits, where, with pitiful tale and eloquent appeal, they seek to dispose of. their commodities. And yet, flock as they do in and around this, the great, heart of the province, they are by no means all. Every town and every city in tbe interior has its quota, its branch of the great army, and, alas ! an ever-increasing one. On the plains of the far-oat back, wearily tramping from early dawn til] dark, and seeking for any sort of work, are hundreds of its unattached members. And how many hundreds has the dark scrub of the Bogan hidden, and is still aiding, from the eyes of men ? Good God! have you no pity for your kind ? Can you sea them thus and shed no pitying tear ? What portion of your great scheme of benevolence are they working out. How far does your message of peace and goodwill affect them ? Poor wretches ! The flotsam and jetsam, thrown up by tbe sea of political incompetence and corruption upon which we have been embarked, say rather upon which we have been shanghaied, by bowel{ess press and subservient politician, how calmly you submit to it all. Rarely is an act of violence recorded against you, though there have been instances where you have been hard pat to it to restrain. And tbe wonder is that with you living in want; and frequently on the verge of starvation, while but a narrow strip of glass separates yeu from all you need,, that you refrain from forcibly taking it. Who could blame 'you V Better that the palaces of the rich should be laid bare, than that the living temples- of the Holy Ghost Bhould lose their tenants. 