Catholics and Religious Con troversy. (From tho 'Catholic Times.') There is at present throughout the country what may be called an epidemic of religious controversy designed to bring Catholics and their faith into disrepute. Congresses, lectures, articles in the press, and every other means of assailing the Church are availed of with remarkable /.oal. What is the cause of this spooial activity on the part of Protestant leaders '/ Without doubt, it is tho recognition of the fact that, despite all that lias been written and done since the so-called Reformation, Catholicism is making decided progress. Of course they will not openly and candidly admit this much. On tho contrary, they assure us persistently that the Catholic Church in (Iroat Britain is really growing weaker from year to year, and that people may confidently .look for its extinction in the course of* time. But oven whilst making such assertions they betray that incon sistency which is one of their habitual traits, ' Side by side with the statements that ' Rome '' is losing ground wo find frank pressmen and correspondents deplor ing tho advance of Romanism and point ing out that it is now accepted in .quarters whore the most rigid Protestantism formerly prevailed. '? .'Some feel compelled to confess that qvon , the. .bitter,, , anti ' Catholic spirit which 'has, so long held sway ' in .Scotland is* being brokon 'dowrr, and' a reader of one of jtthe( Scottish papers, who wi'ites as ' A Protestant,' ruefully avows , that i to say ?, that, Scotland jis going , back 'little by little' to the' Catholic Church is 'not a' eorreot , description -of .what is .taking place. He . holds that 'by. .leaps and bounds'' should be substituted for the ; words ' by little and little.' To' call the Episcopal Church of Scotland ' Protestant' would, he tells us, bean insult to Protes ? tants, as it is well known that tho members of that Churoh imitate more and more practices of the Catholic Church. He warns the Protestants of Scotland that if they do not 'stamp out' the growing tendency Homeward it will lie a very simple matter for those who belong to the Episcopal Church of Scotland to go over en masse to ' Rome.' The attraction which Catholic ism exercises over Protestants in England is still more powerful, as our readers are aware, for week by week we announce the reception of converts into the Church. Latterly the influence of the movement closely from day to day the doctrines and towards Catholicism has been distinctly felt in Wales, and the prospects of tha ancient Church amongst the natives of the Princi pality have afforded no little encouragement. Under the circumstances, we are not astonished to find that Protestants who are strongly opposed to the Catholic faith should take alarm and endeavour to prevent its progress. We do not at all object to controversy. It is necessary, since it is right that men should be asked to give reasons for the faith within them. What we do object to is that it should be conducted accord ing to methods which ought to be re pudiated not only by educated persons with pretensions to a sense of honour, but by the savage of ordinary intelligence. For how do these champions of Protestantism carry on their campaign against the Catholic Church? Nearly altogether by calumnies and foul charges which, though refuted a thousand times, are brought up again with as much audacity as if they had never been exposed. The baser the accusation against Catholics the greater the pleasure taken in it, and it seems to us that amongst those bigots the touchstone of religion is the capacity for inventing shocking stories calculated to tell against the Catholic Church. If invention fails, then recourse is had to the filth}' fables of that unscrupu lous organisation the Protestant Alliance. When Catholics read of the impure fabri cations in which they revel, tho conclusion forced upon them is that their minds are accustomed to nursing unclean thoughts. Against whom do they prefer their abomin able charges -, Above all against women who are a glory to humanity, and who make no reply except by the silent testimony of noble deeds. Who is there except a double dyed bigot that does not admire the de votion and self-sacrifice of our Catholic nuiis ? The daughters of respectable parents, and often born to large .fortunes they abandon every domestic comfort to place themselves at the sorvico of their fellow human beings. They are to bo found filling every post of utility and of danger which a woman can fittingly occupy. The ^war-correspondent, such as Mr. Archibald Forbes, sees them bending over a prostrate form on the battlefield, or Hitting ghost-like in the van of an ambu lance party. Again, they aro to be mot with in the hospital and the pest-house, soothing the suffering in their moments of agony. And, perhaps, a more touching sight still, they are to be observed leading blind children or the helpless aged, or providing them with food. These are tho ladies to whom these Protestant controver sialists attribute the vilest turpitude. And the mind cf a man like Mr. Samuel Smith, M.P., is so warpod that he sees no impro priety in appearing in the company of the accusers; It is useless to ory shame on such people. They apparently know not what it is. They pay lecturers to traduce Catholics, and it is noedlcss to say that from these lectures they hoar just what they dosiro to be told. According to the 'Rock,' Pastor Ohiniquy, at Luton tho other day, declared that 'tho Ritualistic ministers wore secret Jesuits, for when he was connected with the Church of Rome ho saw long lists of thoir ministers who had been ordained priests of Rome, but who had boon told by the Pope to remain among the Protestants, to bring them little by little to that ' Church.' With tales of this kind is tho credulity of ignorant Protestants fed. The. more enlightened and fair-minded members of the Established Church are, it would seem, too timorous to, protest against the falsehoods of th'e bigots. ™ As for Catholics, their natural feeling is to shrink from all contact with persons who have ?shown such an utter disregard for every principle that should govern decent con troversy. But we question whether this is, as a rule, a wise policy. It would, in our opinion, be well to carry the warfare more frequently into the enemy's camp. Lot a Catholic lecturer visit every town where an an ti -Catholic lecturer has delivered an address ; let pamphlet be answered by pamphlet ; lot the Catholic Truth Society's publications be freely distributed at an'ti Catholio meetings, and our assailants will soon discover that their attacks upon the Catholic Church, instead of injuring it, are merely gaining converts for it. When we are challenged by the Protestants wo have everything to gain by meeting them on their own ground. They may indulge in misrepresentation of our belief and practices to their hearts' content, and may .retail un folded charges without number against us ; they will never win a single Catholic to their side by such disgraceful tactics. But if Catholic truths are laid in plain and simple language before the audiences they address, either through the distribution of pamphlets or by means of lectures, we feel sure that some of them at least will perceive that they are being duped and will revolt against the odious practices of those who are deceiving thorn. 