A. WONDERFUL WOMAN; 'TrE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY.• I3i R$h M.AY AGNES F?LEMING. P:eain OiDonnell walked .n: . the torwi?TGst in thought. 'The ghoet of Sir . Pete' -was a riddle he could not toeol. At length be retIched the churchyard of Cas'lford. Then he su ldenly paused`. A .mnan and a woman v. re standing just by th'- gate. screened friom the view of ' passengers by the elms that wave\\.- alb?s it. Even at. Siet distance he reci'gnlsed the wanlan's figur-it w'as not to be mis taken-It was Miss IIerneaetle. Fait seemed to take a malicious pleasure in throwing hIn across her path. in fore Sdooming him to play the sepy As the thought crossed his mind the two turned, and he saw that the face of "'the man was that of an utter stranger. Pae aL" their faces clearly as they turn 'eid teom the gate and apppronched hinm. * In tli' profound silence the last words'of .' MiDs Ilerncastle. In her rich. sweet. tult. ?.j tones, came to him: ;.?? ou must go back. Henry. anl at :onsctc 4-night. That you have Iten at Castleford at all will cause talk enough." -Thetr hands clasped. The man muris toured something earnestly, in too low a voice to be heard. Mtiss Hernca:stte' clear voice responded: "Give up-gIve up no'w, after all I have suffered.'all I have worked so hard to accomplish. all I have done already ? Never! You should know me bhtter than that The first instalment of my re venge I have had. What I have sworn I will do: then, I care little what conmes. Goodi nilgt. m?y kind. my faithful frlcnd go back to London at once." 'She pulled a thick vell she wore over ber'face, and walked away. with her own rapid,t reolute step. The man unigered for neatly ten minutes; then hte disap peared In the gloaming. And Cnptaln O'Dannell! lie stood like o:ne pttrted. . Who was Miss HIlernet?tle? lie glatte ed Ait the grave and the grei stone gleamn ing in the mooa-rays that told of the le gend of lKatlherine Dangerileld's death. If iKatherilne Dlancerfleld were. dead-if- what reason had he to doubi It? And yet!-and yet'.--hls blue eyes flashcd, his lips set, his face grew like iron with the sudden, stern resolve. "I'll get at the bottom of this Juggling. I'll find out who you are. my mysterious Miss Herneastle. I'll find out whether it was Katherinr Dangerflehl's ghost Sir Peter saw under the King's Oak. or--a livig w",omanl'" CIIAPTITR XXV.-TIIHE STOIRY OF "Til IVORY MINIATURE. In the 'eveiing, at Scartswoal. ils.e Hercastle was seated with Sir Arthur Tregenna in a window recess of the drawlngronm., the lady embroidering at her frame, the gentleman watching the the clear-cut profile as it bent over the wrk, thie long. white. swift fintce,. and neither talking much. S"Howi hard you work. Miss Hlern o castle," remarked Lord RTuyalazd.bland ly. his lordship having crolsel the room ''(,to join the baronet and his companion; .' y ou put uL idle people to shame. Is Sir Arthur taking lessons In needlework ? I hope you find him an apt pupil, my dtar young lady'" SSir Arthur colored, partly with an noyanee, partly with a sense of computlne tion. Latterly it had begun to dawn up ~o onhtm that his mission to Scarswool had not been fulfilled-that he had nit asked Lady Cecll Clive to be his wfe.--She must have known what brought him down she must have known what had been on his lips that night when Miss Item castle entered the boudoir. Miss Herncstle smiled, perfectly un embarrassed, and reached over for the dainty little basket that held her flosses and laces. Either by accident or design. the carl never knew which, the ll:tle bes S ket upset, and flosses and laces fell In a shining heap at the earl's feet Some thing else fell. teo-a square, hard sub stance? that hashed In the light. Sir Arthur picked up the basket and fancy work, his lornihip the square substance. : Whit was it? A portraIt-an old-fash loned ivory mnllature, btautifullys paint ed,and set in a jewelled frame. His eyes fell upon it. and a sudden stillness of great surprisc ?ame n over him from head to foot; then he turned round, and looked Miss Herncastle full in the face. SShe met his gaze with calm comnposut e, and reached out her hand. "1My favorite souvenir," ehe said. "'I h' -'ope it is not Injured. How stuplid of me to upset the basket! Thanks, lmy land." But my lord still held the Ivory minla ; u ° tnre-still looked at Iliss Herneaistle. "I beg your pardon." he said. in an al tered voice; "It sounds very impertinent. . butIJ must ask you where you got this." Miss Herncastle looked surprised. "That-that picture, my lord? Oh. S thereby hangs a tal"' Do you know who "MIss lerncastle, do you?" "No; and I have the greatest curiosity .on.the subject. That picture came into my posseasson in the most accidental 'mas; sinner, and for the past lsx ye irs I have beentrying to discover its owner, but as yet hateot succeeded. fier name was rns Va Varsr." : "Mr? arnsor: I kn,"w more thrn one : ? ts Vavasar; but nole of them in the least likely to posess. this I'icture." . 'Ytou knew the original of that picture, th. en, my lorid?" "Undoubtedla;, lti?s Hiraneailo. The :'-. original of this ipletuc' is MaJlr Lionel ' aardonnell, my late swife's only brother, \- .present In Quebec. May I, in turn, h1 quire who was Mrs VavasOr, nnd how she . came to be poss(esse of this?" :.., - .e was wattchhg her--ugu.e, stancge ausplcions afloat In his mind. From first to last she was a strange, mysterlout .' creature this governess; an air of mystery ' see' " med to enshroud her. Her pos?sslion of his brother-ln-law'a licture seemed to c... ' lap the climax. , isl IHerneastle met his eseplcous gaze with the calm of concelous recti "'tro qtiestions, my lord.whichll. unfor .... tunaitely I am incapable of anwaering. Sir years ago I mode thle acquantance f ?-if'rs '. avasor, We became very friena ;.17, 'nto.t thile point of intimacy. though, S and on ~day she took away an old in I.. I , n?"taniesiot o mine---wll.: we will say .. by.mistaie. Subsequently I ree.veet'cl it, s. io and in'idiscovered that portraitl. 'rhe S :ollowint lay she departed to Fr.nce.and . t it'' der th t'i ircumstanees I kelpt the Idlc tidr're untltal.e could send y~f It. She never S, did sad;tr?.: t, and Ihsre never met her S ', latne? 7 "Inevr. heard the name of the " e -! ,. ngleanpu whselikeness it was until to Bile Ilirendl lutzr needle, and pltscdly -weIt: nwiltl?? ?ei work. The earl liiten I-4d is 'o d'eim ilaened. It sounded pLans "(bug t ngh,. ond yet lbe lid hot helevei a o'rd"Y.? et It .bnt the.., s- was prejudIcede ag401 as 11m llerneastle. ;...He ]zanId it back to her, and rose,. '""?-- l ; it was your Mrs $IVavas'r "lhie, 'i " 9jg w?' a al it littl. dark womano of : 're·"?idcbiexrction, I believe. In spite of .... bi er6 -~-gl Ii ame, with black eyes and ". .! i-:atlnressant smile. As . role, o-, cMtalleher very pretty. Her Chris S' s i• name was starrlet" a "Harriet ? Yea---I see--I see. It was k':.railet Lelachcur. to a deld cerlainty s",: Ez Hrma.n, rather, ulnder an alLas." he ii mattered to himself. "I thought i forom ; t ritdfs l tbdhuht her. dead year gs." He nan'use?e?tre away. Sir Arthur i• "-t-:' took the Ivory minisatre and gazed .at . . • . .. It. . ? "Did you, kow lMajor Catdmnmel. Sir \- -:. Arthur? But I suppose you must have bes:,': :t too yong." . S"No; I nevner saw io-el Cardonnell," • --- (e laaoetsaid. 'I, heard, the story OL ,? ten, though. Very handsome face, Is lt . ' i?st Mush hndsawer than thmet of the .h Ohuniwtt of RIoyalaud, and yet like 'Xou knew the conltess?" ' Certaintl ly not. Tie Countees of RtWl~id died beftore her diughta as a" week sold, but I hare. otfti eda her plctur•. 'Ltady Celt wesr mne a'nd there Is a Itge pilatntti at \- . . - "Does ady Cecil resemble her motlher? If so, her mother must cer tainly h:av L..;i very beautiful:" "She do4, not in4he least resemble'her mother-nor tir father either, asi you may ?e--nor any relative of the Clive or Cardonnell families. Miss Hlerncastle, will you think it strange It I tell you that youl r"semblo at times, In the most sin gular mannnr. Lady Iluyslatd?" "Jnmpossible, Sir Arthur.", "It is perfectly true. HIs lordship saw the resemrbance the .flt ,eentng he met you " Her sett-cott.ianid wax wonderful. but the filmy web of iLes?a lsao dropeid Pad denly In her hap. Then her sooft must cal laugh chimed? on. the tiltlUtns her smillng fac turned to him once t?ore." " Another . uriccountabl, :resem blance," slie said. RIeally,. Sir'Arthur, I begin to think I mus? be a iirist ab normal sort of person. , 1 startle poor. nervous Sir It'er by my real.og fancled resfimbhince to a young lady .rcltive (of tils dead and gaine--I startle tlh. arl by my relteihilantc- to hbla. late' tftr. I wonder, now, whose doublI. I shall find m.aEelf next?".: S"It isodd., Sir Arthur arisweii. Inok ir.n at hir gravely. "Your risemblance to the late 3MIL- Katherine Dangertield must b.-v'rry striking Indeed. Sir Tal hot, 'of Mtoreenmbe, Is almost as much ipro.sserd by It as Sir Peter. Tour like nesr to Lady Ruysland's portrait Lu only 'seen at times, and then not very strlng ly. Still it is there." "And this h:limdsimef oung olHeer Is Lady .1,uysland's broller? There are roluons, not easily to. le explalned. ?an nectes with Mrs Vav-asr that make ?ae extremely desllous to know nil I can of her antecedents. W:as this gentleman -so greatly above her in rank as he must t?vre-ben--reallhy.er lover?"' ".rs Vatvansnr7?i utf ou forget. Miss 'ern{eastle. 1ý'.riot know your Mrs Va vasor. Llonel Cardonnell has not set foot in England for five-and-twenty years. Your Mrs Vavasor may have know-n him out In Cnnalda." SNo." Miss Rternasttle rellledl. " I fancy not. She -new him in Englani. tnd very lone ago. Her maiden nuam, n ls H:trri-t I."lachenr." O" O." cried Sir Arthur. a new lighti of Intelligence bretking over him. "Itar rlit I.lnaelietur' Then it Is quite clear, r rcours.-. Anil you knew Mrs iHsrnaln, idif yru. .tll? lferncanstl?" "I h:avl met her. lShe called herself mrs Vanvtsor thmotgh-n false name. poj s.illly? " "Or poslibly she married again atter Harnman's death. Well. Miss Iero st l..', eoncerning Cardonnell-he was her lover." replied the baronet. "AnId would have been her hulsand If he could-is that true. Sir Arthur?" "Pe.rectly true, I bIlleve." "Laty rl.yslnnd- hlis lstter-carried hlr off to some lonely place on the Cor nisi coast. and Imprisoned her there while he exchanged into n regiment or deredl t~ Canada." pursued Miss Hlrn castle. "Again, quite true. I see she has been making you her confidant." "It was a fortunate escape for Major Cardonnell: he liha rason to tongratu late himself and thank his sister's chevr strategy. By the way. though. ITldy Ruysland andt her ex-walting mald must have been reconclrie after wards from what I h(ard the latter say.'" She iwas-working Industriously once Trore. The Cornish baronet was watch Ing her. "They did. Vy lady. by way of rc compen.se. I suppose. dowered her wait ing maid. nnd ma-Ti"d her to a trades mant of the pla"-i-his name was Har man. He died brf-re the first year of his !marrled life had expired, leaivlng his y.unnz wife, and a babe of a fortnight ohl. Of course, of all this I know noth Ing personally-I have heard my poor father tlhough, and Lord Ruysl?nd speak of It so often that it s -cms familiar to me as a household word." "And 1-tdy Ru?ysland came to tie aid of her servant again. I suppose. In her hour of widowhood and adversity? She was noble in that at Ieast." "Site n-as nolle In all things." Sir Ar tllur answered.- " It was a loyal and gererous.lnature, but with a p laslonate pride-, i. fiery temaper, a laten: Jealousy. rnd recklessness that have wrecked mlany a noble natuir before. It is not a pleaslant story, Mis? Hernc- a-tl-e, but nt I'ast It Is no secret. She flew ti h, r humbl-- friend. not to succor, but for shil-ter." "For sh-lter." lliss HIern-istll r- pleattedit looking at him steadily. " and died in her arms." "All, you know the .:t:ry. Yes. ii lthlt lhumble cottage, wllh ozily her old servant by her side, poor. passlonat':, er ring Lady Ruysland died. Shit was In sanely Jsalous-who is to tell with or without cause?--of one who had been her rival years before--- younger, fairer than herself, as highly born, but poor. Tils lordship was ahsent In Italy-rumor said to be ntar her. Very likely rumor erred, its It usually il:s : at least her ladyship believed It. and on the night of the earl's return a violent scene ensued. Le left her in high anger-bitter words had passed-and nl tile frenzy of her Iage and jealousy she fiol. Next morn ing she was nowhvre to be found. All d:y they looked for her In vain. At nightfall a miessenger came to) Clive Court from Mrs Harman. summoning his lordship. A daughter had been born \--1 wife was dtud'" Once more the embroidery dropped In 3Miss Herneastle's lap. Her eyes wecre dilated. fixed on his face; her lips were I tirathless and iapart In the Intensity of her Interest 1Her death was a terribile blow to him for a time. Clive Court was shut up. SMrs Ilarman w.is handsomely pension di. and the baby, Lady Cecil, left with her. '"'er two years Lord Ruysland waus absildit; then a letter from Mrs Harman recolled him. ShBe was of French ex traction, and had taken a sudden fancy to visit her relations In Paris-would his lordship come and take his little daugh ter. and let her. go?. He returned to England, received lady Cecil from her hands, placed her with some relatives in a remote part of England to grow up, and returned to hbljwandering lIfe Mrs Hanrman lettEtnl d wrlth her daugti. arid I fancy the Itari never heard of her from that day to this. until he chanced to see his hrother-ln-lauAi picture a few moments o.", ... .. Mis pernmcpile now roie from-.e:1 at t., and aBs iisiot up, for the nflrtiwhh' In the baronelL' experleacc ot her, held out her hand as she said good night. "You have done me a great tavor to night, lir Alithur.,'" he -sad; kini than you know. Let me thank you, and -goodInlt" . .-. . He looked up at 15r la surpriie. She sntlkd --a strtatg, exulllntt6ort of Rinile-looklB». nat *t 'ih;. bait acris the rooai. at the Lauriiao the Earl of Ituylianl -Je the Ledy - Cecll Clive., Lu.nL aftr:. be had reaon to know whati th e tr ewe.?and triumphaht smile rmeant. .Ir aT'y uildMitandsome day, .Sr Arthur,.., soontr?f?tn rou thlpkt Once .nrr sood nishy ;:. ; i ? } Withtth W.ords shb WUa goHe. e watclhed the tall. comnntnnilng flgure as It wept acros. s the riom and (ilappear ed. , ' lilHericaitle *wrht t to her room. but not lo bed.. She sat down by the 'bopen wlindowr i itarry !Ight li her. eyes, almost a ftul'of ' daor on her 'mrble fice. " ."' ", ' I t " 'At lalt-'At lat!".he said,' "my hliacoe!: I have ibe.rd all I wauted to heart. l amey wl:eifer the end now!"----- -- . . CMAPI T?XXVI.-THE ICAR OS . T. MPLE. i Miss Herelaste had walked into Cu-a tigtor to piai iptkrteelterthberia"wa. Uhe setrnmed-s -the -taWb clock was ltrifal ala.-ain; s ii waited up the are i.Iu e u e .actt?gc _. th Ehr Peter sad CautirOrn *.o.ua b ' uiL The IUttle ewas~til Katet had bees aelied with a guidi I i gst .l acy rfotr ;itael, Mu 4rt.r ea M ii-rlm. Soaiasll Jsuited him tl'. -e _ai d not a grar orapr is hi autWe,'ftaiad a cool heed. a steeadr *Mem, a he was Istenpely lateeOesC i t r *C1e 59 of the ghoast. . O!Do?nel had taken It up, had itromie'ato itnvegstigate, did not believe It was a. ghost, and Si? Petet breathed again. Both .gentlemen bpwsed to the pale, tired-looking governess. The baronet turned round, and looked darkly and sus piciously after her. "Where has she been now?" he asked distrustfully. "What do all these long, solitary rambles mean? Don't you see the likeness, O'Donnell. to the picture or Katherine Dangerfleld? You must be blind if you do not." :'Oh. I see a certain likeness," O'Don nell repteated, "but nothing -so marked as to be terrifying. Jy-the-by. I was examining the photograph with a nmag nifying glass, and I discovered a mark or ecar of some kind on the left side ot the face right above the temple. Now, had Kath#rine tiangerfteld a birthmark there. or dinytthing of the sort?" "The line you saw was the scar',' a wound that came pretty near ending her life. On the voyage out to India her nurse let her fallt out of her arms; she struck the blunt end of a sp!ke, and gave herselfan horrible gash'Just above the temple. I can' the scar a hundred times; it wasn't ve y disfiguring..and she never tried to coicralit.l?; A. white triangular scar, that used to toturn lividly red when she got angry." O'Donnell listened thoughtfulty. "flumlph!" he said, "a sear like that it ivould be impossible ever to obliteriate, even had she lived to be eighty. By-the way, you told me, Sir Peter. she died in the house of a man named Otis, Ithink aH crtor.; Who afterwards removed to t;fosh i' ?io ymou know if this man still lives?" "I know nothing about hitip; but thgre is no reason to suppose ?L DTes 'not," " 'W'as Iis Christian name-,ienry?" "Yes;: ltery Otis. that was his name." "Was lie tail. spare. light-ailreid, very sa.lloW comtplexion, with a stoop?" "Yes, he was. O'Donnell. hiave you seen hlm-,you describe him exactly?" " "I think I haver -And she died in his house. and was burled from it. you say? How long after did he leave Castleford for London?" " I don't rememtber exactly - some months. I think. There were peo ple who said he had fallen in love with Katherine, and was miser aile here after her death. She was builed frommhis house, and ihe erected that st'erto to her.tm?tory. Then he took his mother away, and went up to Londtl." "HIe ansI his mother kept a servant. I suppose? Now, if the servant wholiv' ed with tlthem at the timle of Katherine Dangcrfield's death lie still alive, -it strikes me 1 should like to see that ser vant. One question m'nre, Sir Peter, on anothier subject. Do you know it place sonme three niles from here-a dismal, lonely sort of house, calledi Jltt'acken Hollow?" "Certainly I know Bracken ollow." IHis voice idropped to a whisper, and he glanced half- fearfully around. "Who In Castleferd does not ? Dismal and bntely! I should think sot. llraIken Hollow Is a haunted house." "W'ho lives at BIracken Hollow?" ' An :cld womnlt namnted tlauntih Gowan. She wnas Katherine Danger feldl's nurse in her youth, and Sir John pensionled heir off. and gave her lrack en Hollow." "Whe-w-w--w !" O'Domell's low, shrill rhistle pieried the quiet Mar. Katherine Dangerfleld'.' nurse! Dy George! that accounts-" Ile stop ped., Sir Pc'ter l,'ked at him. all his never endillg suspicions and fears aroused. "Accounts for what?" O'Donnell halted in his sl?ow walk. and laid his hand confidentially on the shoulder of the baronet, and looked calmly down Into his llttle wizen face. 'Sir Peter." he said, gravely, "a light is beginning to dawn upon me-the mys teriesi aret lifting slowly., but. I think. surely. As certain as we Ihth live. this strange mystery shall ble sifted to the bottom, and the ghost of Scarsnood, the ghosit of Bracken Hollon. exarslsedl Now I ian gulng away 1.y myself' to think." : . ,And he turned and strolled'uff. lead?Mg the petrified little baronet standing on der the linta trees. the picture of dazed and helpless astonishment. The first room the young Irishman passel was the library: its windows stood wide open on the lawn; It looked cool and dark and deserted-a suitable place to think in. Ile stepped In. let the sea-greens cur tains fall again, flung himself into a chair, his hands still deep in his pockets, his brows knit In a revlectlt'e frown. The room had seemed veryadark, com ing In from the glare of the annset; but, after five minutes, he lifted his eyes from Ithi carpet, and found' it was not dark. He also:found that he was not alone: the ilbrary had another creupant -that occupant Malit HeIrnastle--Mlias Ilerncastle asieep. She had removed her. hat--sne hand pillowed her head-her faI', with the light ufIl poainlt, was turned towanids him. And In her sleep sihe dreamed, for lier brows were contracted. lher lips mo,'itl. Sihe looked faire, in her llain Imr than lie had ever thought her awake. WIho \rwas she? A strange waanan, sursely-a wonderful womano if the dim. mysterious suspicions adrift in his mind were righLt W?ho was she? An inspiration came to him-an in spiration that ilftedshilnm from his ohair to his feetf. -tliat.aightthisbreath for one breathless moment.' The scar on Katherine Dangerfield's temple! He hardly knew what ?eCsuspected as yet. wild. improbable. ImpiOallble things: and yet he, 414 apeeLt Now, if ever. scas the-'tlrii ia erntalt suspicion and test Lthe truth. alMiss Herneastle wore her black hair aItlm''ydow to her eyebmrowas: what easier than'now to lift one of theas shining wafm.-and took at the left tsainslt? was the sIde of the face uppkrimosL lie advanced-hiealtat ?. ometlbang In her helplessness, In the 'scrednem of sleep. appealed to his list?lgi and hisl manhood. and he1,hlm.back. It seem ed a ndastartdlr'dt--toa' while she slept what he Raked not do iwake..And yet it was his only chance, "I maj"be taging her rub?Hy. sbanie lwiy" t--thbsught; "Ilf:the taar I not there I am. For her owan sake I witl look." He drew near-he stooped over the sreepinj form: very gently he liftedithe Sltcresotfhrt hat novere. tIorehead 'did't?*pt&" A' fl:auad noble browr he sa'- it was those .,baadiof iei. dar hair hid. Lifted off. it altered her wme 4erfult made be ten times mor? I?ie ?t?e tt ttefi 'd girl. He glanc ed at the tesoict. (lood teaven' Yes, there wa the tlv4l .irsluc r Sir Peter Osager I bi~Sie Jt a·Ioe the tem ple. He let the htir drp---e albolutl ?e U~r a madl grasped ach?nir. At* q 2few monlats tlbn derttruck, ,pellhond, otking dslitwi', her, and then drawslngr a'dtep breath, softlv left the room i. 0 ne mid 