CHAPTER XXXI. uVOU ABE THE ONLY MAN I CAN TKUST . Lord iirougnam <ui« ------ Aubvn were glad to leave Farnham Hall, the ancestral seat of the Broughams, after the funeral of the old lord. After the reading of the will, master of the Brougham title and all that appertained thereto gave his steward „rte ifa* in a» monerln'tii- •*“ ““ hdd th?f1^[ » lato lord He never married, and because of some disappointment m his youth, had lived the life of a recluse, while his riches were multiplying on every hand. From Farnham Hall, which was situated in the heart of the beautiful county of Surrey, the young men went to London. Brougham was determined to rent a town house forthwith, and the first day was spent in hunting for a suitable place in the West End. Not only was my lord successful, but he took possession of a furnished mansion in Kensington Gardens the following morning, and wired to Farnham for half a dozen servants to set the place in order. Within two hours they arrived under the wing of the housekeeper, and he soon had the pleasure of occupying the library for a quiet conversation with St. Aubyn. “At last,” he said, “ I can survey my surroundings with an air of proprietor ship, and I can assure you, St. Aubyn, that the -sensation is most delightful. Until to-day L have merely been a guest in somebody’s else’s house, and have ex pended ingenuity in my short career in fishing for invitations to make the fortune of an inventor. I think that you can appreciate that.” He laughed in a disagreeable manner, and St. Aubyn scowled savagely. “ I am in the same position, still, and do not need any reminders,” he said, sulkily. “But wait with patience, dear boy. The old girl will not live forever.” “ Curse it!” growled St. Aubyn. “ By all appearances she will outlive me, and is as changeable as a weathercock. After all, I may find myself nowhere in her will. And in the meantime how am I to live on a beggarly two hundred a year ? It is barely sufficient to buy gloves and cigars with ! Like you, I spend my life in'sponging upon any body who will have the kindness to take me in.” “ And getting into trouble,” laughed Brougham. “Yes, and getting into trouble. My only hope is a good marriage.” “ Why don’t you skip across the At lantic and pick up a pretty American girl with an ocean of ducats. They are all pretty and rich over there, I’ve heard, and are ready to hurl themselves at any thing in the shape of a man who is a live lord.” “ I would if I could raiso sufficient to pay for a decent berth. Why didn’t you go ?” sneered St. Aubyn. “You see, I was not a live lord—only a presumptive, and the Yankee girls won’t take chances,” laughed Brougham. “This sort of thing may be very edi fying to you,” St. Aubyn said, “but hanged if it is to me. Poor as I am, I would not take the richest American girl who would be willing to have me. You know why.” “Yes.” Brougham lighted a cigar, and watched his friend for a minute. “ Yes, I know why. You are bent upon tlie conquest of Miss Edith Suther land, whether she will or no. Look hore, St. Aubyn.! Take a fool's advice, and give up the game !” “ Never !” “ You haven’t a ghost of a chance. I tell you that she will marry Thornleigh in face of everything. Of course if you could win her, and this opposition only increases my determination. I never yet made a resolve that l have not carried out.” “ Except pop off the countess,” laughed his companion, maliciously. At that moment a servant announced a visitor, and Mrs Haredale almost fol lowed upon the woman’s heels. St. j Aubyn extended his hand, while Brougham said, carelessly : “ So you have found us out, eh ? I did not expect you so soon, Yiolet. Any news ?” “I went to the Langham from whence you telegraphed, and they gave me your new address, my lord.” “Yes. Speak out Violet; Lord St. Aubyn and I have no secrets.” “ Have you been too busy to read the papers ?” she demanded. “Why? We haven’t looked at one for a week.” His cheek paled, and he was all life in an instant. “Oh, it is nothing that you need be afraid of,” laughed my lady’s companion, “but exactly the reverse. Vivian Thornleigh is dead. Read this.” She spread a newspaper before them, and watched the varying expressions of their faces, a mocking light in her cruel eyes. ■“You have only to speak for my lady s hand now, Lord Brougham,” she said. “ And it will not be long before you hear, the merry jingle of wedding bells !” He was too excited to reply for a few moments ; then he turned to St Aubyn, narking : “Your way is clearer now also. “ Well," said Mrs Haredale, “ I must , I should not have troubled you but • this. If I have anything to communi ;e I will send it here by post.” Lord Brougham watched her from the ndow as she walked away, a curious tile on his lips. Then he turned to St. ibyn, saying : “It never rains but it pours! Was er such luck before? My dear boy, i can simply carry all before us when 3 work in hand is finished. I do not 3 a single bar to our success.” “ Do you include me in the ‘ we ’ ?” “ I include Lord St. Aubyn in every ing at present. I have been guilty, like jst young men, of paltry little wicked sses, which it would be unwise to men in in a lady’s drawing-room. You have tewise been indiscreet, only your indis stion would land you for a term of ven years if found out. Mr John Des rouch is acquainted with my follies, and reatens to proclaim the same to the >rld in general, and Lady Winifred larrington in particular, unless I with aw my claim to that lady s hand. and -art, because he has become smitten th her charms himself. Very clerical havior, eh ? And I know the enor ities of which you are guilty—buying wellery on credit to the amount of five ■ures in the aggregate, and pawning it e same day for a trifle of the ‘ ready, ery serious offence, terrible depravity, 6t “Stop it 1” fumed St. Aubyn, glaring at his companion, wickedly. _ Brougham laughed and continued. “Now if my clerical friend knows as much of me as I suspect, it will be neces sary for that gentleman to receive his quietus. This question I shall not deter mine until I have interviewed the enemy to-ni"ht. In the event of the nuisance having to be put away, my very good friend” St. Aubyn will have to assist me with his personal influence, for the work will require to be artistically treated. In return I shall give the said Lord St. Aubyn sufficient cash to save his aristo cratic fingers from the demeaning occupa tion of oakum picking !” . “This ground lias already been gone over, and I object to a useless repetition, St. Aubyn said, sulkily. “ We are all very good until we are found out. I was forced to raise money, and when I obtained the jewellery I intended paying rt of story will not do for a jury, my friend. There is a 3 supposed to be the abode of . with a bad name, beautifully such intentions as yours, r as you may, you are guilty of kind of fraud, and when the counsel for the prosecution addresses the jury in this way : ‘ Gentlemen, the prisoner at the bar is an unworthy scion of the old British aristocracy, a man who ha3 had all the advantages of a careful education and Christian training, and he employs those - blessings, vouch safed to so few, to the deception and ruin of men who have to live by the sweat of their brows—he employs them with a bold effrontery, backed by his ancient name and aided by an unscrupulous cunning which proves the depravity——” “ Will you cease !” cried St. Aubvn, a red spot mounting to each cheek. All this may be fun to you, but I tell you I will not stand it. I confided in you as a friend — I believed you to be my friend-” “ And so I am,” laughed Brougham. “ I am only placing before you the enor mity of your offence as the British public would regard it. I know that in your virtuous soul,” he sneered a little—“ 1 know that in your virtuous soul you never meant anything very naughty, but as to confiding in me, why, my dear fel low, I saved you from being served with indictable summons number one by pre senting the warrant officer with a fiver. Then he told me all that I wanted to know. My only astonisment is that the law bothered with a summons. In the case of a poor man of lowly birth — well, he would have been arrested forthwith. The bit of blue paper charged you with obtaining a tiara of diamonds from a Bond - street jeweller, value two thousand pounds. You gave the names of various noblemen as your friends, not one of whom would touch you with a long pole, you promised pay ment in due course, and pawned the diamonds the same day for three hundred pounds. Now, if this ever came into court, many similar charges would appear against you—so I promise to.square the obstreperous creditor—a course which he anticipates. I have an object in telling you this, St. Aubyn ; I do not wish to flaunt your follies in your face, but to awaken you to the danger in which you are placed.” “ You mean that I am entirely in your power 1 ” his companion said, sullenly. “ Well, you can put it in that way if you choose.” “ I will not endure this,” was the fierce retort, and St. Aubyn sprang excitedly to his feet. “You have driven me a little too far. Rather than be your tool—the tool of the friend I have trusted -1 will appeal to the countess. She dare not see the name disgraced.” “Very well,” replied Lord Brougham, coolly. “In that event I shall be little the worse oft’ by the loss of your society, and financially very much in pocket. But don’t forget that your little pecca dilloes will reach the ears of everybody at Coombehurst, particularly those of pretty Edith. Where will your chances be then ?” St. Aubyn dropped back in his seat and moodily chewed the ends of his mous tache. “ You ave right,” he said, at length. “ I should run many risks by that course, and loose all hope of that upon which my heart is sot.” A triumphat light blazed in the eyes of Brougham. “ I knew that you would see as 1 do in the end. In my opinion this business will unite us in a sort of partnership for life. It will bo mutual in every sense. There is no question of one holding a living threat over the other For the moment I have the upper hand, but as soon as I confide my plans to you, you can promptly turn the tables upon me. You have exaggerated my position, my sentiments towards you. I have merely told you ugly facts and you fly into a rage. I have made these facts look as hideous as possible lest you regard my proposals with disfavor. I want certain work done, and you are the only man I can trust. I am willing not only to pay for this—to make a free man of you—but at the same time I place myself in your power. I want a life-long bond of friendship, to exist between us, and I ask you to^take my hand and to trust me implicitly.” “ I believe that I misunderstood you,” St. Aubyn confessed, taking the prof fered hand. “I am very sensitive, you know—a fellow in my position cannot help being so ” Brougham lighted a fresh cigar and handed one to his companion. Then he smoked in silence for a few minutes. “We will come to business now,” he said at length, “and action must be sharp and deeisivo. I am in the hands of this Desborough, if he knows of cer tain incidents in my life abroad. I shall learn to-night how much he does know. If dangerous, he must be put out of the way until I am safely married to Lady Winifred, because he threatens to make things particularly warm for me. I am not guilty of anything very bad—some thing like yourself, you know —but if exposed, I might have to run the gauntlet, lose Lady Winifred and all the splendid prospects before me, 1 tell you, St. Aubyn, rather than suffer this I would crush the man—just when every other obstacle is swept from our path.” He ground his teeth with suppressed fury. “ If the worst comes to the worst, you must hire a few of the Night Larks to meet him and thrash him—just as much as they please. I only know the gang by reputation. You have been a patron,' and are still. That is all I ask of you. St. Aubyn breathed a sigh of relief. “ I am quite ready,” he said, “andam glad that the commission is no worse.” Brougham laughed. “ You expected murder V “I did.” They looked into each other’s eyes, and understood, for both smiled signifi cantly. “ You will do nothing until I return and report to you the strength of this very Reverend Mr Desborough. St. Aubyn nodded, and an hour later Brougham drove away in a cab to keep his appointment with John Desborough. (To be Continued). 