SPORTING NOTES. THE TURF. By “COO-EE.” The fixtures for the ensuing week are as under : —Monday —Mentone. Wednesday — Maribyrnong; St, Arnard. Saturday— V.R.C. “Extra" meeting. My selections last Saturday resulted as follows ;—Moouce Valley—second in the Trial Steeple ; first, Federal Hurdle Race : first, Commonweal! h Steeple ; first, Welter Handicap. Sydney—First. Hurdle Race; third. Flying Handicap ; first, Tatlersall’s Stakes. Adelaide — First and third, Hurdle Race ; third, Steeplechase ; first, and third, Alderman Cup. As I predicted. Kimhollon won the Hurdle Race, on Sat urday last, lit Adelaide. The winner is by Roll on Green —Fairlight, and with a reasonable weight is invariably dangerous. Albury Queen and General Gordon occupied the places, Staffa, by My Lord—Iona, again demonstrated hh usefulness by easily winning, wit h a couple of lotigths to spare, I lit' Marryatville Handicap, one mile. Damper (I lie ex- Victorian) and Trentalto were placed second and third, and the beaten division comprised Thunderer, Foliage, Lillitb, Vakeel, Viking, Jlaikol, Fanlight, The Idler, Ulva and Rridomark. The winner carried 9st, and how he missed the Good wood Handicap with 121b less in the saddle, passes my comprehension. Stock ings, by Hamlet’s Ghost—Miss Twist, who previously hud run well in the Selilng Steeplechase, won (he three miles Steeple chase from Confidence, Rritomurto, and eight others ; dividend, TS IGs. For the Alderman Cup, one mile and t hree-quarters The Chevalier, by l.ochiol—The Oaks, was* in his best mood, and ho won somewhat easily! from Viking and Response (second and third), and eight others. The winner was heavily backed and only paid a divi dend of .£2 16s. The Rose Park Handi cap, five furlongs, again reminded sports men of the fact that Mr. Millar frequently casts off a good horse, as Fsau, by Boolka — Black Tulip, won easily from a good field in Imin. 3,|sccs. The totalisator dividend in this ease was £17 7s, Mr. J. H. Davis’s mare,'Spray, by Frying pan—Juno, winner of several races re cently, is to bo sent to India shortly. The entries for the V.R.C. Grand National Hurdle and Steeplechase were published on Tuesday, and at once it was seen that the number of jumpers in Vic toria is on the increase. There wore bl nominated for the Hurdle Race, and 40 for the Steeplechase. Quantity as well as quality is represented, and until the ban dicappor makes known his adjustments, it would bo idle to mention any particular animal. Don John, Acton and Rosella are being schooled over the hurdles, the latter being under the care of J. F. Brewer. Previous to the recent meeting at Koroit some person or persons made it their business to cut nearly through the top rail of each of the steeplechase jumps, with the exception of two. Strange to relate, the only top rail touched by a horse during the race was one of the two loft untouched. . The entries for the coming mootings at Epsom, Maribyrnong, Mentone, Fleming ton and Caulfield are very satisfactory. The sport at Mooneo Valley on Satur day was of the A1 order, and the attend ance was above the average. His Grace and Kingstay. a couple of recent arrivals from Sydney, each won their respective veents, Hurdle and Laugwarren. An out sider in Perfection, by Postmaster, won Steeplechase, which should have boon won bj r Gladys (who was subsequently disquali fied for twelve months). Mazeppa (after Gladys had run off) looked all over a winner till the last fence was reachcd.ovor which ho toppled, allowing the outsider to win. Fern bank annexed the Federal Hurdle Race, and will win again soon, as he is very well. Mr. Miller's Insurance showed good form, and will win in the near future. Doctor annexed the Steeple chase from a rather weak field, and .Leap Year (one of the competitors) broke his neck. The closing event was won by Wolf, by Commotion—Quality, who put on immense pace for the finish. Faber and Favor (who are both entered for the Grand National) finished first and second in the Hurdle Race in Sydney last Saturday. The Lochiel colt., Kilt, won the Flying Handicap, six furlongs, in Imin 15|sec. The Tola and Nor 7 East (two year olds) were second and third. Silver stone, Strathglass and Queen of the Ring were placed in the Tattersall’s Stakes, which took Imin IC.Jsec. Messmate heat Vanitas and Projectile in the Winter Stakes, and Braehurn passed the judge’s box first in the Welter Handicap. Battalion (who was recently racing in Sydney) made a dead heat with Archie’s Daughter in the Moreton Handicap, at Brisbane, last Saturday, carrying list 31b. On the previous Monday, Battalion won tho Brisbane Cup, with lOsfc 31b in the saddle. Drama, a chestnut filly, by Trenton— Tragedy, who was hurt on the training ground last week is nearly all right again. Mr. Parsons, owner of the hurdleracer, Collendina, has disposed of tho horse, who has been placed in Mr. S. G. Cook’s stable to be prepared for (be National Hurdle Race. Furnace, the steeplechaser, of whom I expected a brilliant future, was so badly hurt whilst being schooled over fences on Monday, had to be shot on Wednesday. In consequence of the prosecutions against cash betting men in New South Wales, tho pony meetings are going tinder. Detractor won the Hurdle Race at the Perth Foundation Day meeting, held on Monday. The Pony Handicap went to Aggie; tho Anniversary Handicap, to Naomi; the Steeple to Bcnecia Boy (who finished second in the Hurdle Race); the Auction Stakes, to Albion : the Hadding ton Slakes to Try Again ; and the Winter Handicap, to Germaine, The English Derby was run on Wednes day and resulted as follows : — Galtec More, by Kendall—Morganettc, 1 ; Velas quez, by Donovan—Vista, 2; History, by Hampden—Isabella, 3. G. Knapsey, who recently rode Furnace to victory in the Mentone Steeplechase, while engaged schooling the horso over fences on Tuesday, met with a serious accident, owing to the horse falling, which necessitated his removal to the Melbourne Hospital. The well-known steeplechaser, Vigil, is being trained nt Mordialloc. This horse, it will be in the recollection of my readers, beat Larrikin in the Open Steeplechase at tho last Grand National mooting. If brought to the post fit, he should be heard of to advantage next month. Cromorne, winner of the last Caulfield Cup, after failing at the Sydney Birthday meeting, has been turned out for a spell. The owners of Briiomarie, Inga, and Energy sent iu their nominations for the approaching meeting at Caulfield too late. The New South Wales Bookmakers’ Association have decided to appeal to the Privy Council against the decision of the Appeal Court, which prohibits bookmakers from plying their calling on the racecourse. In the Trial Stakes run at Deijiliquiu recently five of the seven jockeys were brothers, by name GHenhon. Vanity, by Boz—Mayflower, wlio com peted at Mooucc Valley last Saturday, has gone into J. H. Davis’s stable. This is a likely winner in the near future. The double, Grand National Hurdle ami Steeplechase, can he laid 3,726 different «i ways, ami yet the mctallicans will offer froin 100 to 200 to 1 against picking it. _ The colt by Carbine —Duenna, now in Sydney, has been named Pellisicr. Acmcna, Ost 21b, ran unplaced in the Welter Handicap, at Newmarket (Eng land). The Coolgnrdio Gup, to bo run in August, will bo worth 500 sovs., and the Goldfields Handicap, 300 sovs, Mozart, the South Australian stallion, is dead. During the recent mooting in Queens land the sum of XI 0,500 passed through the Lntalisator. St. Simon, who figures in the list of en tries for the Y.ll.C. Grand National Hurdle Pace is reported to bo the best hurdleraeer in Now Zealand. C. Ohlson, a well-known cross-count ry rider attached to Mr. How’s stable, died in the Adelaide Hospital last week. Upon examination marks wore discovered which (end to the belief that the deceased was tin? victim of foul play'. A sporting league, with unlimited mem bership and a nominal fee, is suggested in Sydney, to demonstrate public feeling on (he. betting question. The A.J.C. will hold another of their “ ext ra " meetings this afternoon, and T fancy the undermentioned will be near the mark ;—Hurdle Race —/Eolus. 1 ; Dailey, 2; Jack Bull, 3. Exeter Stakes—The Tola, 1 ; Mutineer, 2;Toxteth, 3. Steeple chase Alarm Bell, 1; Reckless, 2 ; Glad stone, 3, Fllesmero Stakes —Vanilas, 1 ; Rebel Queen, 2; Glendennon, 3. High Weight. Handicap—The Cryer, 1 ; Warwo, 2 ; G ratHn, 3. For the moot ing to be bold at Epsom (Mordialloc) this afternoon, the following are my selections: —Hurdle Race—-Insur ance, " 1 ; The Hero, 2 ; Disturbance, 3. Welter Handicap—Waterwitch, 1; Tan gross, 2; Thyu, 3. Trial Handicap— Loch Fyne, 1 ; East Glen, 2; Tritantus, 3. Handicap Steeplechase— Kalinina, 1 ; Whernsidc, 2; Inga, 3. Epsom Handicap — Hera, 1 ; Bengal Tiger, 2; Dora, 3. Mordialloc Handicap—Brilliant,! ; Swivan, 2; OTriggor, 3. For the Mentone mooting, to he held on Monday, the undermentioned arc my selec tions :—Trial Handicap—Silver Pines, 1; Defence, 2; Myro, 3. Hurdle Race— Huntsman, I ; The Hero, 2 ; Hawk, 3. Flying Handicap—Camrosc, l|; Lady Loch, 2; Treason, 3. Jumpers' .Flat —Bell Metal, 1 ; Defender, 2; To Coma, 3. Mentone Handicap—Response,! ; Meloma, 2; Brilliant, 3. Welter Handicap— Brighton, J ; Qualigy, 2; Defence, 3. 