GREEK GOD AND THE MODERN GIRL. Reader, where and when the following securred matters not. Suffice to say it took place in Cardiff. Outwardly he was one of that type of human- ity which the old sculptors were fond of por- traying. In height he was about five foot nine or ten inches, and broad of chest and shoulders but lithe of figure and movement. His throat was full and round, and carried a head well poised and covered with clustering black curls. His features were almost regular enough to have been chiselled ; his eye was large, full, and dark, and his face innocent of a hair in spite of his 24 summers and winters. Inwardly he was less perfect ; and herein nature had kept to her law. " But, Lavinia," he said in a constrained voice and eager manner, as be gazed down into the bright blue eyes of the woman at his side who looked up at him with a mixture of faint sur- prise, roguishness, and half masked masterful- ness, " But, Lavinia, you are not in earnest, are you ?" " In earnest ?" with a playful smile. " Of course I am, you great noodle. We have been friends—you know, Platonic friends—nothing more. And you have understood that all along —at least you ought to have done ; I mean you to do—so why should you be so surprised and pretend to be hurt because I accept the atten- tions of another man ? Really, I haven't any patience with you men ; you are so selfish." And she turned away to the little bric-a-brac covered table on her left with a petulant look. For a couple of minutes he stood looking at the back of the neat, trim figure robed in a well fitting dress of soft, dark material, and the coils of light- brown hair mingled with threads of seeming gold ; stood gazing at her as if he utterly failed to understand the import of what she had said, as if he could not grasp the new- ness of the situation Then stepping forward he laid his hands on her shoulders, turned her gently round, looked down into her beautiful but weak face, and said in a voice husky with concentrated feelings— " Lavinia, surely to God, you are jesting— are testing me. You have seen for months past whst you were becoming to me—your woman's insight has told you that it is no passing fancy, no mere time-killing affair to me. You have given me every encouragement, and at the end of every voyage you have been glad to see me ——" " Of course, I have ; I'm always glad to see friends. But that doesn't say that I loved you," interrupting him and looking a trifle more serious. " But why did you accept my presents ? Why did you go with me almost everywhere ? Why did you let me go on loving you more and more with each succeeding voyage when you knew you had nothing but friendship to give in return ? " he asked passionately. " Because I liked you and your attentions, I suppose," she replied, faintly, turning away her head as she spoke. " And you would let me go on headlong to misery for your own gratification ; you would see me smiling around the edge of a maelstrom to please your whim of the moment," and he looked at her fiercely. " Lavinia "—after a pause—" you do not mean what you said when I asked you to marry me, do you ? You don't love Norman Fielding, do you ? You have only been flirting with him. Come, Lavinia"—his warmth increasing—" say you have been but proving me, and I'll love you and work for you as man never loved or worked for woman before. Say you have not been flirting with me, and I'll not rest until I'm in in command of one of the finest ships afloat, and all for your sake." " But what's the good of me saying that, Hector, when I don't mean it ? Come," with the playful smile again hovering around her eyes and mouth, " come, we've played at pathos and tragedy long enough now ; do let us be sensible." And the smile passed away. For a moment he gazed steadily at her—she returning his look unflinchingly — in deep thought ; then quietly, with a hard, steady voce, he asked— " And this is to be the end of it, then ? " " End of what ? How you do make mountains out of molehills ! " " The end of my hopes," still in the same calm, hard voice. " Yes, about marrying me. But we can be friends all the same" ; adding jocularly, and smiling again, " I'll be a sister to you, you know. And you can come to me for a sister's advice and sympathy." " Thank you," he replied in the same tone as before, and taking his hands from her shoulders he turned away. A few minutes later he left the house and joined his ship and started on a voyage to Bombay and back. During the passage out and home again his brother officers noticed that his accustomed light joyousness of manner had passed away, his snatches of song were heard no more, his repartee was a thing of the past. Hector Stan- forth had become a moody, thoughtful man, who had but little to say to anyone, and kept the seclusion of his berth as much as possible. On his ship returning to Cardiff he kept away from the house where Lavinia Branscombe lived until the evening before he sailed on the next voyage. In the afternoon, after ascertaining that they would leave by the midnight tide, he sent her a note requesting that she would grant him the favour of an hour's friendly chat, and informing her that he would call about nine o'clock. He could not, he wrote, get away sooner. And he received an answer granting hie desire. At the time appointed he called, rang the bell, was admitted, and shown into the little draw- ing-room, where she met him with her old lightsome manner and delusive ensnaring facial sunshine. She was glad to see him, she said ; glad to welcome him back ; glad to see him look- ing so well (a near-sighted person could have seen at a distance that the past ten weeks had brought lines to his face, and had taken the fulness and bloom from it). She asked him, with a roguish look why he had not come up to see her sooner, adding, that she had heard of his ship being in port. And he replied that he had been unable to get away because of having commenced to load the moment they entered the dock. " Have you," he asked slowly and calmly after they had chatted a while, " have you. thougth any more of what we talked about the night before I went away on the last voyage ?" " No. Why should I ? " she replied airily. But there's nothing to think about—or at least no need to think of it." And she shot an in- quiring glance at him. But he saw it not. His gaze was riveted on the tiger skin at his feet—one of the presents he had brought her from Calutta. " Then you have decided to marry Field- ing ?" quietly and still looking at the fangs in the upper jaw of the dead animal. " Yes, if he asks me," giving him another furtive glance. " Then he hasn't asked you yet ? " after a pause, and calmly as before. " No " " But you expect him to do ? " " Yes, but why talk about this ? " His manner, for the first time, was taking effect on her. " Can't we talk of something else," she added. " You are right, Lavinia," he said, lifting his head and looking at her, and assuming a more cheerful tone as he added, " Why do we want to talk shout it ? Come, give me a glass of wine, and I will drink you success in the matter and a long and happy life with him, then I must be getting on board again." " Will you ?" she exclaimed, and her eyes lit up with a sudden glow. " Now, that's what I call sensible. Shall I get you a glass of wine ? " eagerly. " Yes, get me one, and I will drink to you as I have said," he answered, rising to his feet with a new light in his eyes and the grim, deter- mined purpose at his heart, bidden by the ghost of a smile that crept over his face and lingered there for a moment. And leaving the room with a light, quick foot- step and a suddenly gay manner she returned in a few minutes with a little japanned tray con- taining two glasses and a decanter of rich Malaga. " I have brought you your favourite," she said, as she placed the tray on the edge of a table and pushed the bric-a-brac aside to make room for it ; " one of the dozen bottles you brought for mother, and I'm going to have a glass with you." And with a daring, saucy smile, she filled both the glasses. Then lifted one in her slender, white hand, while he raised the other in front of him. At this moment there came a knock at the door, followed by the intrusion of a maid, who said— " Please, Miss Lavinia, the missus wants you at once " " Very well ; tell her I'm coming," adding, as she turned to her visitor, " Wait a minute until I see what mother wants. I won't be long." And returning the glass to the tray, she hurried from the room and closed the door behind her. As she went he also put down his glass, and scarcely had the door closed when he muttered— " Now for it. I was afraid the opportunity would slip me," and, inserting his finger and thumb into his vest pocket, he drew forth a very tiny vial. For a moment he held it up to the light, and a fierce insane glitter filled his eyes as he did so. Then casting his gaze at the glass of wine on the tray, he murmured— " If that Hindoo has only told me the truth you will have something to remind you in years to come, Lavinia, of the man you so heart- lessly fooled." And without a moment's hesitation he poured the contents into his glass, restoppered the vial, and returned it to his pocket. Having done this he assumed an erect posture, outwardly calm and immovable, but with a wild insane throbbing at his heart, and a mad impulse surging through his unbalanced mind. At this moment of waiting at the eleventh hour, when he had formed his plan and carried out all but the last culminating point, the tempter entered his brain and made him swerve from the path he had so determinedly set out upon to follow to the end. Why not, said the tempter to his crazy mind, give her the chance of the poisoned glass ? You have as much right to live as she has. She brought your misery on you, and knew that she was doing it. She did it purposely just to amuse herself. It's only a chance. She may not get it. Risk it, you will not be doing it purposely. It's only a gambling, a tossing which shall live, and you have the most right to do so. The temptation was short—it was quick, it was sudden. It came to him and entered his mind with the power and suddenness of an Alpine avalanche, as he stood there look- ing at the tray and its contents ; and with the rapidity of thought he glanced at the music stool at his left, placed the glasses at exactly opposite sides of the tray, and the decanter in the middle of them. Then lifting the tray gently but quickly from the table he put it on the stool, and stooping down he closed his eyes firmly, tightly ; and taking the top of the stool between his hands he turned round and round, steadily and without haste, the game of life and death going with it, until it stopped. Then he unclosed his eyes. One glass was directly in front of him—he knew not which—and silently and swiftly he bore the tray back to the table, taking care to keep that glass door close to him which had presented itself when he had opened his eyes. And there he stood, his fingers ready to clutch life or death he knew not and cared not which—the instant she entered. Slowly, as if each one weighted with a thousand worlds, the moments dragged themselves away. Never did time pass so slowly. . . And yet she did not come. . . . Even the clock on the mantelpiece behind him seemed to tick— tick—tick so desperately, so slow, as if it were a human ghoul or fiend enjoying with a demoni- acal joy the fearful horror which now began to prey upon him. . . . Was he going mad, he wondered. Was he mad ; his brain seemed to burn so. . . . A rippling laugh struck on his hearing, strained almost to bursting pitch, and the door opened. Lavinia entered, swung the door to behind her, and walking up to the table, with a happy, careless look in her eye and a smile enwreathing her whole face, she lifted the glass neatest to her, as he grasped the one by his hand, and said with a jaunty air— " Now, Hector, hive me your toast " And raising the Malaga in front of him he said, as he forced a smile into his face— " Here's that you may live a long and happy life, no matter whom you marry." And placing the glass to his lips he drained it at a draught, just as she replied— " And here's that we may both share the same fate." And the next moment two empty glasses stood on the tray, while he examined his palate with his tongue to see if he could detect any trace of the poison, and looked at her while doing so half expecting to see her start forward at every moment. Then he suddenly remem- bered—the Hindoo had told him it was taste- less. In five minutes more he had left the house, and was on the way for the Roath Dock Basin, where his ship lay, which he reached in safety. and in which he went to sea by the midnight tide. An hour later Lavinia had retired to her chamber, having first returned the wine to the sideboard and given the glasses to the servant, who at once washed and put them away. On the following morning she was found dead in bed. And at the inquest the medical evidence went to show that deceased died from stoppage of the heart's action, supposed to have been caused by some unknown poison ; but whether so, or how or when administered, there was nothing to prove. And when the s.s. St. Alfred returned from her voyage to the Indies it was reported that Hector Stanworth, the chief mate, had rushed from his berth, where he had been confined for two days because of the loss of his reason, and jumped overboard during a squall one night into the Red Sea. E. Patterson. 