THE CHILD MARRIAGE INIQUITY IN INDIA. A missionary of the Church of Eng land Zenana Society heard screams issu _ from a house in Krishnagar. She asked a man standing at the door what was the matter. It,was only a little bow lately arrived in the zenana. She asked permission to enter, and was led into the women's apartments. In the dim light she could just discern a small heap in the corner, and plaintive moans told her that it was something living. She drew near and spoke, and a woe-begone face appeared, to be instantly hidden m terror at the sight of a fair-com plexioned Englishwoman. By degrees the sound of a gentle voice speaking her own language and the sight of a scrap-book inspired curiosity aud confi dence. The heap became more aud more animated as one picture after another was turned over before her eyes. "What made you scream ?" the lady asked. " They beat me," the child replied, and she drew up her sari, and disclosed wales which showed that she had had ample excuse. " Why did they beat yon ? " Because I cried for my mother." .And the face puckered afresh with the recollection of lost love aud care. And now that the now friend, whose tender ness had dried her tears, must leave her, what should she do ? Before going away the Englishwoman pleaded with the mother-in-law not to punish the youn g wife again for the same offence. " It is so natural that a child should cry for her mother," she urged. A smile was the only response. This was the young bride's honeymoon, and it was not an uncom mon beginning of wedded life. The authoress, " A. Jj. O. E."—a missionary of the same society in the Punjab—met with a little pupil the day after hor arrival her husband's zenaua. The child crept into her white-haired teacher's arms, her tearful face and heaving frame mutely appealing for sympathy and .help. The jentlo old lady held her in a loving em brace ; but stronger arms were needed to protect a young boio -from oppressive custom. It is hard to find a bright side to the'picture of zenana life. The weary monotony is seldom broken. Even domestic duties are beneath the dignity ox a very high-caste wife. She smokes, she sleeps, she chews, she plaits her hair, she counts her jewels; at last she dies, without hope or comfort. " I shall spend all my , life in' this narrow room," saidoneyoungwifebitterly; "then I shall die, and they will put mo into a narrow grave, and that will be the end of me." Another, who had begun to realise that there was a fair world out side the four walls of her prison, which she could enjoy if only she were allowed, looked with liquid eyes into the face of an English lady visitor, and inquired : "Why are we so different from you? You aro like that bird," she continued, pointing to a dove which flew past the window, above her. "You are like that bird flying toward heaven; we are like the same bird, shut up in a cage, with its wings clipped." Seven years ago, a little girl of nine years old was seen on the parapet of a house in Bombay. A policeman,® noticing that she seemed inclined to throw herself down into the street, entered, and found tho reason why her life had become too heavy a burden to bear. Her husband, a man of forty seven, who had been already married fourteen times, had bought her from her father for fourteen , rupees month. He had beaten her, and had threatened to kill her if Bho failed to untie a knot in his hair with in five days. The case was tried, but as there was not sufficient evidence to prove habitual cruelty, was eventually dismissed. It was reported in the press, with an indignant protest against the " Child-marriage Iniquity." Imagina tion fills in the dark outlines of this picture with still darker shading, and traces in the background the ghosts of fourteen miserable victims. It is easy to think of the young wife, her soft little fingers, trembling and clumsy from' fright, as she tries, on pain of death, to fulfil the task her lord and protector has set her. Perhaps the .. story.' of Bluebeard s as easy to credit. \- Quiver/ " There is 110 occasion for you to envy me," said the prosperous person; " I have as many troubles as you." " I allow you do, mister," admitted Dismal Daw son, " but the difficulty with me is that I ain't got nothing else." An actor died in London from over exertion while performing the villain in a play. At a concert in Neath a piccolo performer suddenly fell backwards dead, and the audience thinking he was joking applauded liini. A youth, aged 17, who would never go to school, had only done two days' work in his life, and had often been charged with theft, noisoned himself in London, 