AN ASTOUNDING FORECAST. Mr Edison, it is understood, is responsible for a very remarkable vision of the future. The man of A.D. 2197, we are confidently assured, will bs able not only to talk to the planets on the dot-and-dash Bystem of the Morse telegraph, he will be able to actually visit them at pleasure, and with much greater ease than we now visit oities only a few hundred miles distant, reaching the planet Mars, for example, as Mr Lathrop with anxious accuracy computes, in about' eight hours eight minutes!" There are to be on this prosaio earth itself eleotrical trains, rnnning 150 mileß an hour; motor bicycles (of course); ‘ walking ’ balloons— balloons, that-is; that float abont 30 feet above the surface of the earth, have mechani cal legs made of aluminium, and travel like gigantic ostriches at an enormous speed. We are promised air-ships, automatic mail packets that fly, self-impelled, through spaoe to their destination, without being carried. Bonks are to be exchanged for phonographs, whioh will present a tale to the ear in stead of the eye. Artificial chemical foods will make wheat fields and flacks and herds unnecessary. Microbes are to be enlisted, drilled, and employed to extir pate disease instead nf spreading it. ‘Tele scopic’ cannon will make battles and sieges bo dreadful—dismissing a city into mere vapour at a Btroke—that war itself will vanish. New amusements will make life happy; new artß will mako it rich; new guards will make it seoure. There will be a telephone to the sun. Parlia ments and thrones will flee like a flock of ghosts before the dawn, and the federated human race will lie, lapped iu universal peace and Bwathed in golden com fort, under a World Committee of Twenty 1 These be dreams, indeed But whether they are simply the wild visions that haunt the ohambsra nf a lunatic brain, or the pictures which shape themselves in the serene light of a brooding scientific imagina tion, spelling nut the great syllables .of Nature’s grammar, who will undertake to say 