PERIWINKLE. tTTHE furniture of that up- wlfe stairs " drawing - room" was both shabby and of a by gone date ; but the limp muslin curtains about the window were tolerably clean— 'n.d that was Bometbing to bo graceful for. I was not alone iii - the room. Dozing upon tho bartl sofa— lay my nine wiugnicr, ngea iour years a some months— a delicate ' patient little soul; and "the image of heT mother," strangers were wont to say. Nevertheless I eould not discern the likeness. To my eyes tho littlo one wits like her father ; and sometimes when my sad heart was unusually low and sore, I bitterly grieved that ; this should be so. The sitting-room door opened softly,.and with a start I looked round. Tho landlady of the house had entered the room; but she halted in the dusk near the door- way. ' What— sitting all alone in the gloamin', Mrs. Darkwood ?' said the landlady. 4 Dear, dear, Tm, that is lonesome-like, isn't it? Let mo light tho gns.' ' Hush — no 1' I answered, in a rapid undertone. ' I prefer, the twilight, thank you. Do not make a noise, Mrs. Ramoge. Isla is asleep, I fancy.' ' Pretty duck !' breathed Mrs. Ramage, clasping her hands and frlnneinc affectionntelv towards the sofa. 'Is she better tonight, mem, do you think T 'I— I don't l$now. I hope so,.', | I replied. ' .( ' You .ought to have a doctor to , her, you really oitght, Mrs. Dark- , ; ; . wood,' ' whispered the landlady, Bymthcticnlly— the pretty an- : gel. <\- 1 don' t like to say it, but — bat she really seems fading away. Rory says the same— and a doc tor, you know, men, if you had him in time, would safe to he \- able to set matters straight a bit. It seems such a pity,Avhon there is Doctor Morrison only just round tho corner in the Tregonda Road, and — and' ventured Mrs. Ramage as delicately as her kind heart could prompt her, nnd waxing hold perhaps in the friendly gloom, 'he isn't a dear doctor, not by any means, Mrs. Dark- " Wood. I do assure you -he isu't —only three-and-six a visit, but of course that does not include themedieine, that yon get after- . words at the chemist's. < Hedjd Miss do' Yerer— my Roiy, you know— n lot , of good sou v time bucl-. W-ii n Hlio \ias laid u,' ,-w.lh- a nasty sore throat. Indeed; I do verily believe- if it hod not ha' ) been for Doctor Morrison she i would havo lost her engagement at: the theatre. And, as I said before, -Mrs. Darkwood, his feo is only three-and-sixpence ; and not so much as that if you go to his house — — , My hands were twisted fiercely together in my lap ; the nails of one pierced the flesh of the other. I interrupted the landlady, speak ing with difficulty. ' You are extremely kind and thoughtful, Mrs Ramage. I — I will tell Mr. Darkwood what you say.' ' Really I think it would be as well, mem,':. said Mrs. -Ramage. earnestly.. 'And shall I lay the supper-cloth, Mrs. Darkwood, now? Will the. Captain be in to supper?' ' You forget,' I said with im patience, 'what I told you the other day. My husband it n»i "captain.'? Hq has nothing. to do with the Army. He is simply "'Mr. Darkwood." I shall he glad if you will call him so. It grates on my, ear, Mrs. Ramage, to hear you say "captain," when the title is so utterly wrong.' ' Well, I am sure I beg your pardon, mem,' simpered the land lady good-naturedly, ' but it will sIi'd out sometimes, and I can't help it. You see, it's all Rory's fault. She says Mr. Darkwood is the handsomest htid the distang- iest-looking gentleman as she ever set eyes on, either at the Park or at the Levity, or anywhere else for the matter of that; that he has got the true mili-tary cut, and if he ain't a captain, why, ho ought to be one; Rory says ; and so you must forgive- — ' ' Is Miss de Vero gone yet?' I inquired gently desirous to turn the drift of tho talk: 'Oh, yes, Mrs.Darkwood.What — didn't you see her run out to ketch the onilibus ?' cried the mo ther of Miss de Voro proudly, her voice going upward. 'Why, it's close on nino o'clock, and her turn comes on at ' " . ' 'Oh, hush, please!' I entieatcd with a swift glance toward/ the sofa. ' If she is asleep, I. would not for anything have heir distur bed.' ' Pretty darling,' breathed Mrs. Ramage obediently, also again nlnn/kin/v nf Dn(!n ( vhiaIIvv «m . jiauviug uit iui' QWia— 1U- 1 Qocont dear ! . As lwas saving,' she continued, in the- smallest of whispers, 'it is close on nine, and Rory, during this Week, is due at the theatre at 9.1S, Sin has a new song for this evening called "Would, you believe it?" and Rory says that the wholo orches- try, and indeed everybody at tho theatre, vows that the chorus is the most fetching one the Lovity has heard for a long while past. I told her, if the omlibus was late or crowded or anything, she'd bettor take a 'ansom, for she had got on her silver-grey satin and her lovely new purple velvet "princess," and I would not havo her spile them in a crowded old omlibus for tho world. The pro prietor and manager, Mr. Blink- worthy, has a supper to-night ; and of course Rory was invited. He said the party would not be complete without Miss Aurora de Vero ; and if "Would you believe it?" proves the big success that Mr. Blinkworthy and all of 'em thinks it will, why, next week P/iww rvt>«ll Knt'a Iiau nfinia /in flio bills in large rod letters a foot long, instead of small blue or black ones afe she has hndit in up . to now. And bqr salary., will bo raised, Mr. Blinkworthy. rays, something considerable— and that I whl be better thhh: all ' .. 1 'Well you need not trouble to I spread the cloth .unless Mr. Dark- wood should come in and want, any thing,' I said wearily. 'And if ho should I will ring, Mrs. Ra mage. I want nothing myself, thank you.' 'Not even the. gas?1 said. Mrs. Ramage, reluctant to go. . ' Not yet. It is cooler m the dark,' I answered quietly. ... ' And the Captain ? Oh, ex cuse me, 'm — I forgot again. Mr. Darkwood thou, you think, won't be in just yet ?' ' I cannot tell. As I said, Mrs. Rami ge, if ho comes in and wants anything I will ring.' The landlady, feeling herself dismissed, backed' towards the door, and having sidled out and gained the landing;.she closed the door as / cautiously as she had op'eiied ..t a few minutes before. Alone, I arose ghost-like from ray ohair and crept over to the ihadowy- antimacassar - strewed jofa to reassure myself that the little one had not been aroused. No, the child had fallen into a sound sleep, was breathing regu larly, the small pale face pillowed upon a tiny arm. Fearful even of kissing my darling, I bent over the sofa head and murmured pas sionately— ' Hqaven help and have pity on us both, : my treasure, my own 1 What shall we do? What shall we do ?' H Then in a kind of dumb des pair pressing my forehead down ward into my hot palms, I moved slowly hack to my seat by the window— there to think— onoe more to try to think dispassion ately what could be done for the best.. It was a problem worse than a nightmare and with every day that came and went it became more terrifio. To-night I felt too .weak to wrestle with the spectre —the future was my speotte. Try howl would in my present state of mind 1 cOiild bring no concen trated thought to hear upon the torturing question. : Weeks of weaiy brooding upon the inevita ble, sleepless nights passed in contemplation of the chaos ahead, had, I believe, rendered my brain onathp.tie._.whejL.fnrjntt-/>u,n-«m(i4 and the good ofpfhers, it should have been keen and alert. And so. my thoughts— as they so often did when I, in' an utter hcart-sickness which was nothing approaching resignation, rat down to tussle with tho riddle of my destiny — wandered, without my will, back to the days that ' were for ever dead. 1 was not the first woman; I'knew, nor should I be the last, who had made a previous blunder upon tho thres hold of hor womanhood. As I rat there so stilly and with bowed head, my little sick child sleeping on the couch a few yards' away, my girlhood came back to me. How. vividly did I remember my flight from Moor Edge ; our hasty marriage before a registrar at Northmiuster" our wondrous honeymoon abroad, the brief delirium of which joy-dream I cared hutnow'to recall, for the present was made up of sternest actualities, and such contrasts are not kind. xne nrst year ot my marneu life had not been wholly unhappy; , and at the close of it my child was born; Our little daughter Islo, as I have already sqid, waa , at this.dato' rametking moire' than ' four years old ;..aud. night-rand morning "did" I . thank Heaven that neither , brother nor .sister had followed, her. ,. Farhetter so. . . : No , that first yrar of wedded life, which had been . spent in Paris,- where Daryt Darkwood had appeared to possess many friends, both .men. and women, bed not been wholly- unhappy ; though it had, not , taken mo a whole, year to find out that in the man whom I had 'named there wore two Dnvyl Darkwonds— the one who, in a brief and secret wodiiig, hadwon me at Moor Edge;-, the other the husband, uud no longer u lover, who had already grown tired" of in ; and who limde' no feint of i.,- that this Ayas not the truth., . Iii those early days of our life together I hud, too;-, made r.other strange disooverios,. which had at first tilled mo with acute,. disomy. The man I bud married . was cursed with 'the vice which is the parent-vicoof all the rest.. H' was la2y. ..Being lazy, he was fond of pleasure ond constantly seeking it, oftentimes drank more than was good for him, and in his oups would swear at mo, - his terrified wife; in language that before my marriage had never assailed my ears. 'I thought you were an artist — a painter, Daiyl ?' I raid won- deringly to him one day, perhaps some six months after the hurried ceremony at Northmiuster. ' So I am,' said he. 'Why, then, do you never paint?' ' Oh, you don't understand. I am an amateur; and amateurs, Periwinkle, my dear, paint just when they please— that is, when ever inspiration is the motive power,' vyas his carolera reply, delivered with a yawn. I ventured to ask him no more then, hut pondered, not without misgiving, the. pays of amateur painters. They seemed, if Daryl himself was a true specimen of the brotherhood to' have plenty of money at their Command. Where did it conie from ?' I won dered eveiy day butfeared to put the question into plain words, and Daryl was not the man to notice timid hints. He jcould be very deaf and blind when he chose. - 'Do you go torsbhool, .little boy?' J " Oh,- , yes sir, Move to go to school.' ' What do you learn — reading, writing, and arithmetio ?' - -v ' All of thora, sir.' < 'And are you familiar .with punctuation?' : " v; ' ' Oh yes, ihdeed, sir..: .Teacher punctuated her tyre last week, an' I mended it for her id less'n ten minutes; yes, indeed,- sir.' - ' ; A little giirl had been 111, and had struggled thorough tbe first strges of oonvalesoenob. She Tiad taken nourishing1, broths and . jellies untill- hor ioul- was weaiy of them. One morning she eleotified- the family by sitting bolt dprigbt in bed, and raying:' . . . ' I want you to take hotice. I am not going to take hny more nourishment. . . . I'm hungry, and I want my dinner, and hot another mouthfhl of -Nourishment will -I eat.' ' .v .., .. Bookkeeping in one. lesson. — Don't lend your hooks. The pugilist's motto. — There is more pleasure in, giving than re ceiving. # The lion and the latnh may lie down together, but the lion .only will oet nn. 