BREVITIES. Naval sports on Cricket Ground to-day. Some burglars were fired at at Leichbardt last night.' The Sydney Hospital (financial) ©host walked yes terday. The Orient-arrived at Albany this morning from ix-ni4on. ?;-.... Eight-hour Demonstration sports entries close to-morrow night. Ocean fishing from the rocks claimed two more 'victims yesterday. . . Wo-odford, supposed by many to be a good tiling for the Menrop., ie lajme. Private view day at the Art Sbcitety's show. General public to-morrow. . . The States rights question w being taraehed out in the Federal Convention to-day. ?' The work of reconstructing B creek weir at Warren is now actively proceeding. * A horticultural, pouliry, pigeon, canary, anrl dog eaedety has 'Been formed at Tamworth. ' 'Our Beautiful' is to be exhibited to the con vent'on delegates to-night by moonlight. Martin has deposited- £25 towards a match to race one, five, and ten miles with Reynolds. A ;high compliment was paid the local 'Hansard' staff at the convention meeting this morning. Christian Endeavor Convention is sitting again .to-(3ay. Attendance at all the meetings hitherto good. ' . A start has been made with the construction ? of the railway line from Kalgoorlie ? to Menzies (W.A.). Iredale divorce case on again to-day. Mrs. Ire dale is in the box contradicting previously given evidence. Tbe Greta Colliery was lacid idle on Wednesday, owing to some of the guides having become loos ened in the shaft. Great. Hawkesbury excursion to-morrow to give intercolonial visitors an opportunity to see the Australian Rhine. The Mayor and Alderman Owens were appoint ed representatives of Lithgow to the Municipal Association Conference. ? - ? A f-uecessful concert was held at; Gerringong on Wednesday night in connection with the Ger riiigong Reserve Rifle Club. Henry's Dramatic Company produced 'The 'Oc- toroon' at Stratton's Hall, Waverley, last even ing to a .very large audience. A Chinaman, familiarly' known as 'Old Tobacco,' was found dead in his bed at Dabee Station, in the Rylstcne district, on Wednesday. The usual Saturday excursion to the Hawkes* bury River, connecting with the steamer General Gordon, will not take place to-morrow. A -concert and social entertainment* were held at Springwocd on Wednesday to provide funds for repairs to the Roman Catholic Church in that district. Mr. John Fear's eldest son was run over by a cart at Hornsby Junction on Tuesday,- the wheel passing over his back. He is now iu a critical condition. The annual show of the South Australian Agricul tural and Horticultural Society was opsned at Ade laide on Thursday, under most favorable auspicea. The exhibition was first-class. The band of the N.S.W. Artillery Regiment will perform in Hyde Park this afternoon, under the direction of Brigade Bandmaster Hutchin son, commencing at 3 o'clock. The eon of Lord Gormanston, Governor of Tas mania, who had been laid up in Adelaide with an attack o£ ecarlafiiia, laft that city en route for Hobart on Wednesday afternoon. Mr. F. A. Badgery, inspector of dairies, has been visiting the dairies at Camden on behalf of a leading Sydney milk company, and reports the same to be in excellent condition. The last parts of 'Glimpses of Australia' have just been issued. Tbe work, which includes, several hundred pictures of Australian scenery, is also published in two volumes. If&rtin;, the cyclist, wis exonerated last night. Independent witnesses described the words and actions of the nian he sought to punish as de serving of all Martin could give him. Mr. Arthur J. Boucher, the United Australian Exploration Company's eu'gineer, has arrived in the Bungonia district in connection with the pro posed extensive mining operation there. A conference, of delegates from co- operative societies throughout Victoria decided to form a Co-operative Union, the object being, .among other things, to facilitate the purchase of sup plies. Ttie Presbytery of the Hawkeebury met on Wed nesday, for the purpose of inducting the Rev. R. Edgar to the Presbyteriar' pastorate of Pitt Town and Ebsnezer, rendered vacant- by the death of the Rev. J. Ayling. It is stated 01 good authority . that the latest form of testimonialising parsons is leaving a'high grade bicycle on the verandah during the night. An improvement on slippers and braces, and even on illuminated addresses. . A smoke concert is to be held in the Temper ance Hall to-night to raise funds to keep J. H. Hel lings iu England to compete for. the world's swim miag' championship. Cavill having gone down, the other string is worth trying. Mr. C. B. Rigney, the patentee and manufacturer of a new design of eteam riding gallery running at Marrickville, has given all his takings for yester day afterc-ocn and night to the Marrickville Cot tage Hospital and the -Sehwl of Arts. An old Bowenfels resident, Mrs. Perkins, died the other day, aged nearly 80. She came to the colony in 1829. and lived over half a century in Lithgqw. Her grandchildren numbered ninety one, and her great-grandchildren thirty. The Minister for Works, accompanied by the Minister for Education, left town to-day for the . purpose of opening a small bridge over Radley's Crock, on the road Pennant Hills to Mould's Corner. The Minister will be entertained at lunch, and will return to town later in the day. At' the Adelaide Police Court en Wednesday, Albert Rovrell Nixon was committed for trial on a charge of attempting to murdei his wife 'in Weymouth etreet on August 24. H. M. Addieon, who was wounded at tbe time, was present, and gave evi dence. Mrs. Nixon is etill unable to leave the hospital. The members of the. Printers' Cricket Associa tion will hold a smoke concert at Quong Tart's Tea Rooms, when the trophies won last season wi'l be presented to the successful players. A good programme of vocal and instrumental music has been arranged, and' the bill of fare will include re freshments. ' . ? The result of the visit tof the trustees of the National Gallery to the Art Society's exhibition is the purchase of Mr. Ft M'Cubbin's picture 'On the Wallaby Track' (£12G), and Mr. W. Withers's 'The Storm' ?--£ 63). The private view for which invitations have been issued will be held to-day. The Minister for Works, Mr. Young, in com pany with Mr. Garrard, Minister for Education, and Mr. Howarth.-M.L.A., will open a bridge over Radley's -Creek, at Pennant Hills, to-day. The party will reach their destination - at 1' o'clock and return in tbe afternoon. The bridge has -cost about £500. ThG ploughing match, horse -parade, arid mili tary contests held at Manildra yesterday were a splendid success. ' Over a thousand persons at-- . tended. The awards have not been announced «yet; but the contests were keen and interesting. A tea meeting and social in aid of the Church of England followed. The third article of the series dealing with sugar-growing ? in New South Wal-$s appears in - the 'Town and Country Journal'; this week. It dcajs with, the subjects of colored labor, on the northern rivers, and also discusses the .effect that . tlie abandonment of sugar-growing will have on the finances of the Richmond-Tweed railway. A you'Si named Arthur Segndd, carpenter, liv ing at Orown-etreet, met with a painful accident to-aay. Regndld, ^wiio, it is stated, is- employed at Dixson's Tobacco Works, Elizabeth-street, was at tending to a 'wiiicli, .when ho- was struck- by tie Siandle in thevface.' He sustained 'a- severe, lacer ated '.wound xin the upper lip, aid a;.painful injury ' to the nose. He was treated at Sydney 'iHospital Jby. Dr. HaariB.' ... ? . ?'. -' . -..', ':-:/-.' .'?? - ' The .School of j^te Debating iClub- last night discussed the question, : 'That immediate' faction 1 should be taken- by ^. the ?Brit!sh;Goyerjiiient'with regard to. the I'mafie^. in Oefmaiiy*.\quiestion.' Dr. Muskett ^occupied '^the -chair. ~ vT.be J;prfemier (Mr. ? . ' ?? WiUis),' opened, the ^debate, being; followed; by Messrs^ BrigluvisrMatthews, Cowanv;Doaa;'K3roft, Waldon.S' Hammond,, vFeeny, «Gando_n;:\DvurrandV and Miss Goldihg^*; The ihptidn ?w.asl^adjpurned. ' ri; At: the imphthly meeting , of : ±lie frustees of the ??I^;Ufe^:IiIbrary;;o£-'^€wl's5ntb WaSe^lthe?iollow ing statement was submitted ;ito;.fhe;,tj'oard:— rFor ? August ;bboks /were taken ^utlfromliife' lending . 'branch- classified' as .under:.' Natural philosophy, ''jJciehcei .arid^the^arte^ 1047;' MsttSy^SpS;^. bib- ? ? graphy, ' 8jL2; . .geography, ypyages, and' ^travels, . .1112'; '3«^^ra3e^c!ia^i7^'L'me^l^ic&nl3;'me- raJ:phila-. ,. /? sophy,' 305; poetry and ;the .-drama, 246; prose, flc :tioni 2615; general1 iit-?mture; 1420; Itotal, S539, ?? * ''TattereaH'jS Demons'tratipn- H.^t4th Oetr.j 25,000 =M-i%£SCarfi-?G. f^^ ;;.; 