-^iea6antrie6i Wancied TAKING IT SERIOUSLY. An amusing story comes from the West of England. A lady, whose establishment is Tery small, invited the Bishop of Gloucester to dinner recently. She engaged, for the occasion, tho services of an old butler, who ?had retired and become a greengr.ocer, and of a boy who knew nothing of waiting. lhe boy was as nervous as he was ignorant and annoyed the old butler by constantly ask- ! i*1!? i 'structions, .until at last the man in a moment of impatience, said, ' Stand behind the Bishop's chair, and when his Lordship takes a glass of wine, wipe his mouth witk^a napkin !' Tbe boy took the jocose reply for a serious command. ^ Ho stationed himself behind the Bishop, waited till that . dignitary had. drunk a glass of wine, and then, as deliberately as v 5iis nervousness would permit, wiped 'his: lord ship's mouth. ' \ WOULD LET HIM LIVE. ' The wicked, witty- prodigal returned, and ?in his old manner accosted his father, ' Well, , governor, I've .come back. Are you going to kill the fatted calf ?'* But the old man was a match for him, and said, 'No, my son ; I think I'll lot you live !' THE CREAM OF THE JOKE. Mrs. Youngmotlier (summering in the country) ; ' John, I hayo got to send word to that farmer not to bring any more of that milk for the baby.' v* ' John : ' What's the matter' with it ?' Mrs. Yonngmotlier : ' Why, there's a regu lar scum on 'it every morning.' THE TOILING BROTHER. T. left my brother toiling in the Vale, For duty's sake contented and unknown; I pitied and forgot him there, to scale Tumultuous heights far up the Mount of Fame. 'What time, perforce, I rested — battle-blown, i But longing still for summits past my own, And gazing upward — lo, a pen of flame Traced high upon the rocks my brother's name ! AN APPARITION. This is a true English ghost story of an ?unconventional kind. A young lady arrived late at night on a visit to a friend. She awoke in tlio darkness to hnd a white figure at the foot of the bed. While she watched tho bed clothes were suddenly whisked off, and the apparition vanished. After an anxious, not to bay chilly, night, the visitor went down, with little appetite, to breakfast. At the the table she was introduced to a gentleman, a very old friend of the family, who had, she learned, also been sleeping in the house. He complained of tho cold. I nope you will excuse me, he said to the hostess-, ' but I found it so cold during the night that, knowing the room next mine was unoccupied, I took the liberty of going in, and carrying off the bedclothes to supplement my own.' The room as it happened, was not unoccu pied, but he never learned his mistake. TRUTH. If. men will stoop to kiss the truth She lifts them higher than before. OBJECTED TO VIOLENCE. ' Before we were married, you often said you wero willing to die for me,' sobbed Mrs. Shingles, ' and yet you won't eat this angel cake I have made.' ' Well, I am still willing to die for you, my dear,' protested Mr. Shingles ; 'but surely you don't wish me to die such a violent death ?' RIOTOUS REALISM IN ART. ' I painted a winter scene the other day that ?was so true to Nature that the thermometor in my studio fell twenty degrees.'' ' Humph ! that s nothing. I painted a por trait of old Brown last year that was so life like that I had to shave it regularly.' A BABBLING BROOK. ' Your wife has such a iiquid voice,' said Mr. Fosdick to Mr. Tiff. ' Yes, that's a pretty good name for it,' re plied Mr. Tiff. Mr. Posdick looked up inquiringly, and llr. Tiff added : ''' ' It never dries up, I know.' CATCHING A TARTAR. ' Theodore Hook was a tall, powerful man. A colonel, taking amiss some allusion to him self in~the John Brill went to Meet-street with a horsewhip under his arm. * , ? . He was politely shown into a private room and atter a - iew moments Hook made his appearance with a sturdy stick in his hand. ' What is your business, sir ?' he asked. ' I wish to see tho editor,' replied the colonel. 'I am the editor,' was Hook's answer. 'Oh!' edging towards the door. 'Oh! thank you. Another time.' 'When you please, sir. Good- day,' and they separated. BULLS — NOT FROM IRELAND. The following series of ' extracts from .speeches made by Camberwell Vestrymen, as given in the South London Mailycan euroly ' ? claim to be unique ? ? Mr. Hampden Davis: If I pay a man to do a job, and he did not do it, I would not pay him. : Mr. O'Connell : Is Mr. St. Cedd in order in introducing fresli matter that has already been dccided? ? - : Mr. Dobson : I move that we have a survey . on this day (Thursday) fortnight, on a Satur day. Mr. Perry: I am proud of my ancestors, and I hope to be proud of my posterity, ?Mr. Brencliley : If this proposal is carried, tlio parish will stink in the eyes of the rate payers. IN JOHNNY'S rOCKBT. An old shoestring and a sixpenny nail, Some grocer's twine and a shell of a snail, Two hickory nutB, an old brass pin, A hump of gum and a bit of tin, ' Two marbles, a top, and a fishing boob or two, A dozen 'B' shot and his father's corkscrew, A button, a knife, and a leather sling, An empty, spool and.'some more string. Tobacco tags of kindB galore. A penny whistle and an apple core, Apiece of zubber and a stale fiBhworni (Which I knew by the odonr bad lost its squirm). Four carpet tackB and a discarded locket, I found to-night in my sweet boy's pocket,. A CORNER IN BEAUX. : Miss Suburb : ' Nellio Perkins is the meanest girl in our town. Slio's engaged to three men at once.' Miss Gotham : ' Why do you care ?' Miss Suburb : ' Becauso there aren't any left for the rest of us girls.' LITERAL OBEDIENCE. Mamma: 'Did mamma's little girl keep baby still whilo I was away ?' Mamma's Little Girl : ' Yes'm ; but nex' ' time I wiBh you'd let Susie play wiv mo, 'cause it's hard work for jest one to set on, In'm all the aferaoon.' 