' Abstract and brief Chronicles' — H vmlbt. Mr. Robt. Brough's season at the Bijou Theatre positively closes on the 3rd April. After a few weeks' tour the company will, unfortunately, be disbanded, and Mr. and Mrs. Brough return to London. Arrangements are being made for presenting a strong programme for a matinee performance shortly to he given in Melbourne in aid of the Distressed Actors' Fund. Mr. Frank Thornton produced his second new comedy, " The Bookmaker," at the Criterion Theatre, on Saturday, March 13th. Mr. Scot Inglis is now appearing with the company. The- Sydney jm'pers are unanimous in praise of the latest London success given for the first time in Australia. Miss Bessie Major, formerly with the Brough- Boucicauit comedy company, has made a hit as Sooxa with W. Greet's English provincial "A Mother of Three " company. " In Sight of St. Paul's " will be the next new sensational production by Mr Bland Holt at the Theatre Royal, for Easter. " A Woman's Revenge " is to have a short revival in the interim. "Wirth Brothers' Australian circus were recently performing in Ohrny's building, Birkenhead, England, and made a very favorable impression. The present great success at the Gaiety Theatre, London, " The Circus Girl," in which Miss Ethel Haydon has added additional favour, took four librettists and two composers to concoct the musical play. Messrs. J. T. Tanner, W, Palings Adrian Ross and Harry Greenbank supplied the book, and Messrs. Ivan Gary 11 and Lionel Moncklon wrote the music. Drury Lane Theatre is iusurrci by its owner, the Duke of Bedford, for £50,000 at the rate of 31s. Ckl. per cent., or £7S7 10?. An American paper states chat Mr. Charles Frohman, the well-known New York manager, has arranged with Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove to shortly send out to Australia Mr. Henry Miller with a representative company to produce " Rosemary/' "The Squire of Dames," " Under the Red Robe," &c.; Mr. George Darrell, " Australia's author-actor- manager, ' has a namesake iu the field. Mr. Charles Darrell advertises his plays, " Where London Sleeps, ' " A Defender of the Faith," " As We Forgive," " The Ghost of the Past," &c.;, in a London paper. Mr. George Lee, who has been Mr. J. L. Toole's business manager since that popular comedian was in Australia., announces himself in The Era as " disengaged." Mr. Forbes Robertson, the well-known London actor and manager, in speaking at a recent meeting of the Playgoers' Club dealt with several acknowledged abuses. " He asked late coiners to exercise a little patience, and nob to disturb a quiet scene by pushing to their seats ; he implored ladies to refrain from attending theatres in liats of abnormal size.; and besought members of the audience not to carry on a running conversation during the performance of the play." Mr. Thos. P. Hudson has recently added The Cinematographe no the attraction of his Surprise Party at Calcutta. Harmston's Circus, under the management of Mr. Robert Love, concluded their successful season in Calcutta at the end of January. Mr. C. B. Hicks is still advance representative. Mr. C. B. Westmacott's recent production at the Theatre Royal, Sydney, is a revival of Walter Reynolds' Irish drama, " The Shamrock and The Rose " — his weekly change of pieces has the effect of continuous good business. Mr. Cecil Ward is not in the present cast. Mr. George Jones, a well-known minstrel artist, is now lessee and manager of the Theatre Royal, Perth. He is at present in Melbourne on the look out for novelties. According to au America paper Miss Maggie Moore was about to visit London and Paris in search of new plays, which she intends producing in Australia next spring. Her plan was to after wards return to America, taking with her an Aus- Ifcdian company. Mr. Frank Bateman, who since leaving Aus tralia has been touring the English provinces with ''Harbour Lights," has had a new sensational drama written for him by Arthur Shirley, entitled "From Scotland Yard," and it will first be pro duced at a London theatre early in the spring. Miss Marietta Nash (Mrs.- Lauri) having re covered from her illness, has resumed her part in "Matsa" at Her Majesty's; and Mr. D'Arcy Stanfield has rejoined Mr. Harry Richards' Palace company. Mr. Heniy Bracy7 has reduced the prices for admission to the Lyceum Theatre during his comic opera season. Mr. Knight Ashton took up his original part of Colonel Ollendorff in "The Beggar Student," Jast Saturday. During his ill ness Mr. J. F. Forde sustained the character. Mr. T. A. Kennedy, the well-known mesmerist, is returning to Australia by the Alameda , bring ing with him Prof. D. M Bristol's Equescurriculum of Trained Horses, &c.; A cablegram, dated from London March 15th, announces the death of Mr. Sheil Barry7, an e minent Irish actor, well-known in the Australian colonies some years ago. He made his first ap pearance in Melbourne at the Theatre Royal, during the lata Barry Sullivan's management, Feb. llbh, 18C5, as Pandeen O'liafferty in " Born to Good Luck." One of Mr. Barry's English successes was the part of Gaspard in the comic opera, " Les Cloches de Corneville," a character in which he has been identified for many years past. He was also the original Harvey Duff' when " The Shaugliraun " was first produced in London. "Matsa" continues to draw at Her Majesty's Theatre, and no change of bill is yet announced. Mr. George Rignold was so satisfied with his brief visit in Newcastle when en route to New Zealand that he has booked next Christmas dates for his return. In writing of nuisances at the theatre, The Era suggests the display of a notice in the auditorium, as follows : — " NOTICE i Ladies having fine and beautiful hair are re quested to remove their hats during the perform ance. Those whose hair , is coarse, scanty7, or of an unpleasant colour need not comply with this request. " The Potter-Bellew company7 have completed their New Zealand tour and are playing a three weeks' season in Hobart. The Princess Theatre, Melbourne, t/0 follow. Dan- Barry's dramatic company has left Mel bourne on another provincial tour, commencing at Seymour. Their destination is Brisbane and North Queensland. Mr. Frank M'Kee contemplates sending a minstrel company to Australia. He is negoti ating with Lew Dockstader and Barney Fagan, two of the best performers in America, to form part of the team. 