this Ikfrinrihlfcl'mffttt It The Tempting Of In. Sometime*, indeed, aa Oilio returned to the Court in the gloaming, after spending the aftcroooo at the Chase, he vrou'd htnt the Bound of Otto's violin-— always the same weird melndy, fall of passion and pain — that filled the great iiilent hnnsn with a crv as of a hutnun Bonl cast out of heaven, and weeping like the peri at the gates of Paradise Lost. Tho mnsic was that which he had played to Lady Mary in the dim October dnak — the exqnisite ' Poeme ' of Oscar Nilssen — the' plaintive, pas sionate strains of which . had moved the vroinon he loved to team — tears that he had believed, and would always believe (his one poor crumb of comfort) were wrung from her by love. ? Otho,. the artist, pausing to listen spellbound to tho wonderful music, in terpreted it. as the voiceless lament of an \- undying remorse. ?'???? 'Poor fellow!' murmured Otho. 11 Time alone csd oure him.' Bat the months had passed. The winter. was over, the spring had corns again with its sunshine and its flowers, but its message of hope fell on deaf ears ; its tender brightness had bo power to recall the vanished smile to the sad, pale lips of Otto Cavaye. He looked the ghost of himself as he passed through tho April sunlight, like a moving shadow, and at length even the least observant among his acquaint* aoces began to wonder what could be the matter with the handsome and wealthy young squire. ? * ? * A perfect afternoon in May, redolent of the scent of early roses and late lilac is drawing to a close. A dewy hush porvadea the atmos phere. , On the terrace at Seagrave Chase, that almost overhung the sea, a man and weman— Lady Mary and ' Otto' Cavaye are standing side by side to watch pageant of the sinking sun. The terrace steps lead down in two long flights— first to the velvety smooth lawn, and thence to the beach, where at high tides they are washed by the Channel waves. ' Mary,' whispered her companion, ' turning from the Bunset to look into her face, flashed with the rosy reflection of the glowing / westr- ' Mary, have you forgotten Klosterberg, and that evening we sat at the old inn window, and watehed just such a sunset as this on the Rhine?' '? No, Otto,' waB her softly murmured ? ? reply, ' I have forgotten nothing.' ?? I loved you then — I love you now \- —I shall love yon a'ways, Mary.' Ho \- ' pansed a moment before he added, oom ? ing nearer to her, and taking her hand ;, in bis, ' Dare I hope that someday you will grow to love ? ' ' I love von alrpady, Otto. I think I also loved you from the very first.' Genty he drew her towards him and kissed her with a long, long kiss. Suddenly on the mystic stillness rose the sound of music— -the we-rd, far reaching strains of a violin. Where did it come from ? Surely such music as that was never yet drawn from any in strument by human hands. The lovers, starting from their dream like trance, looked at each other's face wonderingiy. Suddenly a boat came in sight — a tiny pleasure skiff, light as a cockleshell. In it was a man standing up, his tall dark figure appearing more than life-size against the .sunset— which was blond red. In bis hand he held a violin. Clearly through the sunset silence was borne to the ears of the two lovers on the terrace tbp weird, impassioned si rains. It wa3 the mtisic of ' Poeme.' Again ? it fell and : rose again, in passionate protest and sombre despair, while the small boat drifted, drifted, drifted out to sea with the ebbing tide, till boat and man in it faded to a mere speck in ihe distance, and the last faint echo of the sweet unearthly music died away. Then, as if awakening from a trance, Otbo exclaimed — ?' It is — it must be my unhappy brother, and he has gone to his death. Fool that I was not to have thought of it before — I ought to bare recognised hib mtisic. No other man living could p'ay ninsic like that ' — and with a hasty leave taking of Lady Mary, he hurried away down the stepB to the shore. * Too late— too late ! ; The boat, still drifting towards tie . horizon, ; was visible yet — bat it was empty. The musician and his violin had .disappeared. The music he had played — i' Poeme ' — was his ' own requiem. Otto Cavaye had started on that long journey whence, as he had told Eve Scott, no traveller ever returns. , ; (To be Continued) 