The Dundas Election. HOW MB. HABNEY LOST THE SEAT. Mr. Harney arrived back in Coolgardie on the 13th from his unsuccessful campaign in the Dundas electorate. Anxious to learn some of the ins and outs of the fight.—the result of which had come as a surprise, not only to Coolgardie, but to the southern constituencies — a representative of the •GOLDFIELDS COUBTEB secured an interview with the defeated candidate; and from the tenor >'f the conversation, which is reported, it will be seen that, while proud of the impression he made upon the electors, Mr. Harney feels bitterly towards the base tactics which were resorted to by his pseudo friends. " Just before leaving for the Norseman," said Mr. Harney, " J, accompanied by my clerk, Mr. Allen, met Mr. Eingswell, the proprietor of the Miner, in the vestibule of the Club. He congratulated me upon having chosen Dundas, and stated that he would give me all theassistance in his power. Mr. Eingswell voluntarily promised that if I would send him short telegrams of the p: ogress of the campaign be would amplify them, and in other ways give me the support of his journal. He also asked me to call at the Miner office on the following day. I did call, as arranged, and we discussed the merits of the two gentlemen 1 was «bout to oppose. Of Mr. Austin I was told that he was unpopnlar; of Mr. Connolly, Mr. Kingswell said he knew nothing, but he had heard he was " a ." From the tenor of our conversation I naturally -enough felt confident of the support of the Miner. At Mr. Kingswell's request I saw Mr. Yosper, who was possessed of some particulars which would be of the utmost assistance. When I went into the room there •was seated with Mr. Vosper a clergyman, whose name I forget, who had recently come from Norseman. Mr. Vosper introduced us, adding that I was about to proceed to the southern district, and asking this gentleman to write letters to his friends on my behali. Mr. Vosper then stated that he had a number of notes made during bis trip, which would be of much assistance. He promised to look them up and give them to me, as well as come cuttings out of old articles in connection with the railway scheme; and was good enough to say that with the extracts 1 would have a great advantage over the other candidate. Anything further he could do for me Mr. Vosper promised to do. Next day Mr. Vesper sent for me. I went to his office and received from him some noteB upon the Esperance railway question in his own handwriting, besides other excerpts. He then suggested to me that I should wire my address through to the Norseman and Esperance papers, and he proferred to transmit the message at press rates, and save me the cost. In my presence Mr. Vosper wrote the telegrams, and also sent commendatory wires to the four newspapers in the electorate. I might here parenthetically state that subsequently I ascertained to my cost that the address was sent at ordinary rates. However, that matter aside. I bade Mr. Vosper* Good bye ;' wa shook hands, and his final words were a reiteration of his intention to do all in his power to promote my candidature. " Yes, I started off in high hopes. Throughout my campaign I naturally placed much reliance on the fact that I should have the support of the two Coolgardie papers, as well as the publicly promised assistance of Mr. Morgans and his supporters. After I had been some days away I happened to see a copy of the Miner dealing with the representation of Dundas, and supporting Mr. Connolly. I then observed for the first time that all the damaging portions of the articles in the Norseman and Esperance papers dealing with my candidature were carefully reproduced, while anything to my advantage was just as carefully suppressed. «I remained two days in the Norseman after my first arrival, and was exceedingly well received. After my opening address a strong committee was formed to further my candidature. I proceeded next to Esperance. On my arrival I was told 1 might as well return as all the voters bad signed a pledge to vote for Connolly. However, undeterred by the news. I addressed the electors. The great difficulty thai beset me was the statement, very assiduously circulated, that Coolgardie desired a railway starting from Coolgardie, and that connection with Esperance was to be a subsequent matter. The Esperance people. I found, were determined to support no candidate who would not advocate in the first instance a line starting from Esperance. At two of my meetings I was asked how I reconciled my views that the line should start from Esperance with Mr. Morgans declaration that the starting point should be Coolgardie. I explained that Mr. Morgans' remark had reference to it,he dispute between Kalgoorlie and Coolgardie as to which should be the terminus of the Esperance railway. But, if there still remained any doubt about the real intentions of Coolgardie it was resolved by the Pioneer, the weekly issue of the paper representing Mr. Morgan's views, and I pointed to a cartoon representing Vosper astride an engine rushing forward ' to Esperance.' That picture,-I declared, was really a, photograph of Mr. Morgan's mind. The explanation completely won the meeting over. I wa9 received most enthusiastically ; and at the close a vote was put that I was a fit and proper person to represent Dundas in Parliament. The motion was spoken to by several speakers, for and against, and uDon division was carried by a majority of three to one. On the following day 41 voters came forward and voluntarily stated that notwithstanding their pledges they would vote for me. I then left Esperance for Norseman feeling perfectly satisfied •with the aspect of political affairs at the port. I spoke : three times subsequently at the Norseman, and succeeded in winning over the bulk of the voters. " Here comes a point I desire to emphasise. On Tuesday, the day preceding the last on which I could legally speak, I received a telegram stating that a most damaging article had appeared in the Coolgardie Miner and had been wired to the Esperance Times article advocating Connolly, and stating that the Miner had never supported me, and, indeed, considered that 1 was utterly unfit to represent the Dundas district in Parliament. It was then abjolntcy impossible for me to gee back to Esperance in time to speak again and refute the damaging statements; and I had to rest under the effect of the article sprung upon me at th-». eleventh hour, an effect which was considerable, having regard to my attitude and the assertions that I possessed the unanimous support of Coolgardie. By reason of that article, Mr. Burton, Mayor of Esperance, who had left me at the Norseman, having promised his active support since 1 had given him a written undertaking, that if returned, I would introduce a bill for the line to start from Esperance, and the telegraphic assurance of Mr. Morgans' support—by reason of that article, I say, Mr." Burton, notwithstanding his promise, got' upon the platform and stated that my statements in reference to the support of Coolgardie were so vague that it would be unsafe to trust me ; and he urged upon the people to go for a local man in preference. Several other gentlemen deliberately turned acrcss for the same reason ; and both Esperance and Norseman were posted with placards proclaiming that ' Harney was sailing under f»lse colors; we don't want two members for Coolgardie; Coolgardie not behind Harney,' etc. " I was utterly unable to give any answer to these objeetions ; time would not permit; and they undoubtedly had the effect of loBing for me the whole of the support I had won in Esperance. " On my return to the Norseman J saw a short paragraph in the Norseman Miner to the effect (hat a letter had been received from Coolgardie couched in sunh unfair language that they did not think it right to publish it. I subsequently obtained a copy of that most mysterious document. Here is an extract from it: There call be no doubt that Harney is so intimately mixed up with Morgans' interests—in fact, I may term him as nothing more tban a " DUTTONER "—that I think your journal is quite right in opposing him tooth and nail. Barney knew that he had not a ghost of a show here, and lins plausibly stated that his intimate connection with Morgans and the capitalists that he, Morgans, was associated with, would further the interests of the Norseman-Espunince railway. Such views are thoroughly inconsistent witli Harney's declared utterances here. He is only a lever for Morgans ; bear this in mind in regard to any editorial comments. Morgans possibly may creep iu by a bare majority, but I think it extremely doubtful. Harney's candidature here was never popular. Personally he is liked amongst a certain class; but for one single moment don't let the doctors be persuaded by his undoubted gift of the gab." "Judge of mv surprise to find that the letter bore the signature of F. C. B. Vosper, the man who had promised me his support, who had wasted S.J ir.u^h of what should be valuable time in giving me extracts from his writings ; an I wiose tinul words to me were, • Anything I can d\> for you, you may count, upon.' In the light of sub- equent events, 1 can now see that the observation had a sinister meaning. " I have not tha slightest doubt that had not those articles been wired through 1 should have been returned by a large majority. The Esperance people are particularly susceptible to any imputation of want of fidelity on the part of a candidate, and his declarations in reference to the railway ; and it is not surprising that such articles as those referred to, <oming from the very centre of the support claimed by me should have had an utttcrly damaging effect, and turned the electors against me." " My surprise has been further heightened since my return to Coolgardie, by learning that Mr. Vosper, who had seen some adverse references! had made to him at the Norseman, because of his perfidious treatment of me, had called at my office and stated that he had abs lutely nothing to do with the articles appearing in the Miner. and that it had always been his desire that I should be returned for Dundas." The feeling in the Dundas district is so strong against thu result of the election that a petition has actual y been prepared for signature requesting Mr. Connolly to retire in order that the constituency may not lose the advantage of Mr. Harnev's Parliamentary capacity during the trying times that are anticipated. Over a hundred voters have stated their willingness to sign the petition—Mr. Connolly's total poll was 85— many of Mr. Connolly's supporters joining the movement. The merchants of the Norseman, Mr. Harney states, have offered to subscribe sums of money up to a £1,U00 to recompense Mr. Connolly for any outlay he may have incurred over the election. 