MELBOURNE <!UP OOS8IP, Br MBBLEDEW, Coil has quite enough to cony in 9*1. 3ib. Certainly, he won the Australian Chip with 8st, but there is a good deal of -difference between 8st. and ft»t. 31b., even allowing for improvement, and. for a light-framed horse he has, I think, quite . ebough to carry. Coil's owner, Mr. William Bailey, has not seen a race for a long time, but I ast happy to say that he has much improved in health, and is likely to see many a race yet Besides Coil, Mr. Bailey owns Keera and Met ford, and has an interest with Mr. Robert Orr in Dreamland. Keera, Seobie tolls ine, has done well, but not so Dream. Lmd, who, I hoar, Jias not improved at all. Dreamland is a bad "doer" in the stable, and when a horse haB no appetite for his food he cannot be expected to im prove. A round of suburban racing might do Dreamland all the good in the world, and 1 recommend it to bis owners. Cuddling ccrtain horses up*in the stable U nr.', to the liorses' benefit. Metford may bp too small to compete successfully in such & race. Delaware I do not care to recommend, as I do not think he can stay two miles; and CVemorae and Hopscotch I- place in the same category. True Blue has proved himself a eta.vcr of the first order, but at the same time I do not regard him as a first-class weight-forage horse; and Preston I regard as too diminutive to command sue ccs in such a race under 8»t. 9lb. Valiant is a good hone, but perhaps not as good as Monachaii thinks he is; at any rate, he has got a racehorse's weight. The Chevalier in not well treated, as he has been punched out times out of number, but he iB one of the few stayers in the race, and that must, have some weight. He is the best stayer that Loehiel ever got, to my way of thinking. Ayrshire has never shown any ability to compass a two-mile course, and .1 am afraid to trust Loyalty; but Response is as good a mare as you can meet in a day's march. Unreli able on the flat, she has taken to jumping hurdles like one to the manner born, and if filje misses the Caulfield Grand National Hurdle Race there are more unlikely things than her winning the Melbourne Cup. The Merry Boy, I hear, is doing well, and as he has recovered from the accident he met with on the road to Sydney it needs no ghost to come from the grave to tell us that he has a chance second to nose. That he can get the course there can be no doubt, and 1 cm sure no one would begrudge Mr Sam CoaVs victorj- in the race of the year. Mr. -Tames Redfearn has a chance with Rurrabari, who ran thi«r to Anraria, but' who has since been on the shelf. That is not a good recommendation, but delivered fit and well at the post he may follow in the* footsteps of Malvolio, who was a much better horse than his public performances made him out to be. With Malvolio's ]>riv us performances Mr. Redtearn's yarns would startle you, and make you scratch your head to know whether you were dreaming or waking. -Mr. S. Miller has O'Trigger, Bundook, and Luster engaged, in addition to Preston, but Cup races are not much in Air. Miller's way. A five-furlong flutter at Aspendale park or Epsom is very pleasing, especially if Mr. Miller's representative happens to win. Mr. Millp.r is a popular sportsman, but his popularity would be increased tenfold if he were to race well-bred race | horses of his own rearing. On the turf , nothing pays as well as liberality. As the I proverb says, "Tbe more von abend the I inore you save." Royal Admiraf Is one of I the South Australian contingent, and, bred | as he is, he can hardly fail to distinguish i himself before his race is run. Bat it must be borne in mind that the same stable \ Tom Kiely's-shelters other candidates in Mir^clum, Fleet Admiral, and Tapioca. The last time he ran Miractam finished last; but it is a far cry to the Melbourne Cup, and that performance m»v not be of the significance. At tbe same time. I would rather depend on Boyal Admiral and hiB near relative, Fleet Admiral. Jn the spring Fleet Admiral ran very green, but with a little more experience he made a back of Patriot in Sydney, and 1 fed sure that he is a racehorse of the first water. Royal Admiral has also shaped well, having 1 run Rflcond to Eletisinian to the Adelaide ' Birthday Cup. Take my word for it, both these horses will improve; and Tapioca is a useful member of what promiaea to be a very dangerous team. 