THE LIGHT OF BETTER GOVERN MENT. in at. Paul's Catbedial sixty years ago, on Uie Queen's accession, the Rev. Sydney Smith, rising as it were on the wing of prophecy, said, "What limits ta the glory and happiness of our land, U the Creator should in his mercy have placed in the heart of this royal lady the rudiments ot wisdom and mercy, and if, giving them time to expand, He will grant to her a long sojourn upon earth, and let her reign over us until she is well stricken in years! AYhat glory, what happiness, what joy, what bountj of God!" I ask, have not those respira tions been gloriously fulfilled ? Speak ing in the same year of the Church Mis sionary Society, of which lie was Presi dent, the goad Earl of Chichester said, "A star has arisen above our political horizon, a star of beauty and of pro mise, and from thousands of British hearts there are rising daily prayers thai the dawn of her reign may be the dawn of her country's glory, that herself re flecting the beams of the risen Sun ol Righteousness she may gladden and re fresh our drooping land." I ask you, have not those prayers been abundantly fulfilled? Yes; it is because they have been abundantly answered that this age has been an age of immeasurably in creased comfort and happiness to all, but pre-eminently to our densely crowd ed multitudes. And it should he a special i-n uiaiiniunic:.'?,-) tu iAUUlfllUC in this occasion that to the vast amelio ration of social conditions, to the substi tution of loyal contentment and patriotic enthusiasm for secret fury, the legisla tion of the House of Commons has con tributed a preponderating element. The light of better government lias shone in the cottage even more beneficently than in the palace. Nor is Sir Robert Peel our only A'ietorian statesman with re gard lo whom 1 expressed the hope thai his name would sometimes be mentioned with gratitude in tbe humblest liomes of Lliose who earned their bread by the sweat of their brow. The great novelist of this reign.Charles Dickens, whose first work appeared in 1K37. devoted fiction to the lofty purpose of the amelioration ot abuses. As one of yourselves, a brilliant mem ber of your own House, lias said, the Judicature Acts and the New Practice have saved millions of money and de stroyed a system of legalised injustice which seemed at one time as if it was - meant to defy the world. In Hie history of our journey to the goal of an honest, cheap, and speedy administration of a just and certain body of law, tbe reign of Queen ATictoria must always occupy a foremost place, from which it cannot he dispossessed. In the words of an eloquent Lord Chancellor, "Law was a sealed book; it is now an open letter. II was the patrimony of the rich; it is the inheritance of the poor. It was the two- edged sword of fraud and oppression ; it is the staff of honesty and the shield of innocence." Read but the barest list of the legislative enactments of this reign, and you will find them character ized by progressive mercy, a progressive tolerance, a progressive subordi nation of the monopolies of. the few to the interest of the many. Yet disregard for the sacred rights of the many has still continued, and so tve' still say, " Oh, statesmen I Guard us ! Keep our noble England whole, and save the one true seed of freedom till public wrong be crumbled in the dust. The efforts to secure these advantages deserve assuredly our deepest gratitude. There is no statesman here who has taken a prominent part who does not know that no improvement is ever se cured in Church or State save at the cost of painful self-sacrfice. Think how two plain and simple citizens of the commer cial, class — Richard Cobden and John Bright— fought on for years, amid mea sureless insult and hurricanes of opposi tion. to abolish the protective duties, which were causing starvation to the people! See how Sir Robert Peel had the magnificent courage to alter his first convictions because he brought to poli tics, like Edmund Burke, a horror ol crime, a deep humility, and a pure eon- science; and because, as Lord Brougham said to liim, he could always turn from the storm without to the sunshine of an approving conscience within; and recall the impassioned battlc-s which accom panied the passing of the later Reform Bill. Every true man must always be ready to brave the blows of opposition, to face the hiss of malice, and to ad- vance in the teeth of antagonisms. The noblest man, said Pericles, is he who has a full recognition of the difference be tween hardship and pleasure, yet never siirinks from danger. And because it takes true men to choose this lot rather than answer the multitude according to their idols, therefore we must ever pray, "God, give us men!" A time like this demands strong minds, great hearts- true faiili, and ready hands- Men whom the lust of office docs not fill; Men whom the spoils of office cannot buy; Men who possess opinions and the will; Men who have honor; men who dare not lie. AGENCIES OF BLESSEDNESS I must pass over what I would other wise have said of the great work done by this age, especially to the training and education in a thousand ways of thr young. It is impossible to enumerate them. Should we not thank God that they are too numerous to exhaust— the multitudinous agencies of blessedness now at work among us? One beaefloeat career has been a stimujus and example to many. Enter the western door ot out great Abbey, and on the white marbl of the statue, not whiter than his life . % read the two monosyllables which sum ! up the career of beatitudes in the life 'of 'Anthony Ashley. Earl of Shaftesbury 'Love, Serve." He took them as the law of his future life in silent self-con secration when, as a Harrow Boy, he .was the indignant witness of the levity at a pauper's funeral, and who was so strengthened to fulfit his will that of him as of John Howard it might be said, 'For departed Kings there are appointed : honors, and the 'wealthy have their gor geous obsequies; it was his nobler lot to elothe the nation in spontaneous mourn - .ng, and to go down to the grave amid he benedictions of the poor." Let the ynie and the worldling Eneer as they nay, the response of every good man's :-nthusiasm, even at this summary and imperfect retrospect, will be "Lift up your hearts! We lift them up unto the Lord. Let us give thanks to our Lord God, for it is meet and right so to do." Surely amid our processions and festi vities, our bonfires, our millions of wav ing flags, and all the pomp and prodigal- j ity of n- capital far more stupendous in ' its wealth and poulation than the world : has ever seen — truly, while all these splendours are the natural expression of gladness for these God's inestimable be nefits it would prove but the utter un- worthiness of the nation if a retrospect so blessed ended in nothing but outward exultation. Shall an unvarnished record of prosperity so incalculable leave behind It no nermanent lesson? Shall it be powerless tostimukite generosity, to up lift us into nobler and more spiritual magnanimity, to make us ashamed of petty greed and the slimy marsh of mere personal or domestic selfishness? Surely it should inspire our souls as with a morning wind! OUR. MOST FORMIDABLE ENEMIES. We hear a great deal of national honor. Pauperism is national dishonor ; so is drunkenness, so is preventible disease, so is the miserable squalor in which our poorest live. These are our most real and formidable enemies, and if we attack them seriously we shall have fighting enough in our time! We must beware of the peril of our own prosperity. The tale of ruin of many a nation is that wealth brought apathy, avarice, and sen sualism. "It is in the relaxation of security," said Edmund Burke, "it is in the expansion of prosperity, it is in the hour of dilatation of the heart and of its softening to festivity and pleasure, that the real character of the man is dis cerned." If we a ' e selfish, then, we may well tremble lest our glory should fade. If England, amid the tremendous days of toil and conflict which undoubtedly await her in the future, and in the near future, grows in sloth and greed and sensualism, if she lose her faith in the sternal messages of the living, God, if she use her wealth only as a. means of self-aggrandisement, and not for the service of mankind, then will her wealth make itself wings and fly away. Her ponip will be brought to the ground and the noise of her viols, and there will be the utterance of the dread fiat, " Thy kingdom has departed from thee:"- The ghosts of the foreign kings of nations shall say to her, "Art thou too become Weak as we? Art thou too become like unto us?" O God, avert the omens .of our unfaithfulness! May it teach us by faith and by faithfulness to prevent that twentieth century which soon will dawn upon us in glory from setting in earthly eclipse! On such a day as this, I will not con clude with even a shadow of a gloomy prognostic. Rather will I say with Mil ton, "Methinks I see in my mind a noble and puissant nation rousing herself like a strong man after sleep and shaking her invincible locks! Methinks I see her as aji eagle mounting, renewing her mighty youth, and kindling her undazzled eyes at the midday beam." Rather let us pray that by steadfast determination to do the thing that is right, and to speak the truth from the heart, this our glori ous country may never sink; as so. many other countries have done, into decay and decrepitude, but, under sovereigns as gracious and as merciful as our Queen, may still in the future be, as she has been in the best days of the past, not pusillanimous, not dilatory, but. fear- Jess in flie cause of righteousness, not acquiescent in stagnant abuses, but strong as the lion, swift as the beagle, in the contest with every form of villainy and vice, and so may prove to our own people and to all the world, by God's blessing upon men's faithfulness, the fui- flller of that well-painted ideal that she should be a source of light, the centre of peace, mistress of learning and the arts, faithful guardian of great memories in the midst of ephemeral visions, faith ful servant of time-tried principles amid the temptation of licentious desires, and amid the cruel and clamorous jealousies of the nations preacher of goodwill to wards men. In the home of God, of which Christ Epeaks, we shall all find God. We shall find Him always; find Him without pain ful and wearisome search, we shall never lose Him. In what ways God will make His presence perceived and felt by us we cannot tell. But to those of us Whose chief trouble is that our vision of 'God is continually clouded, that our sense of His presence is dull and vague at the best, and is often lost altogether ; but we are.so wanting love for other men and in spiritual perception, that we fas ten upon what is most imperfect in them, are vexed by it, irritated by it, repelled by it, instead of seeing in them possibili ties of an infinite perfection. . .' to those of us I say whose chief trouble it Is that we seem to be living in a world where everything conceals God from us. It is a hope which kindles the heart to flfe|tfure that the time is coming when we Wi.1! Jive in a world where evervfhing aft reveal Him.— n w Dale j 