"In Hoc Signo." BY JOHN ARTHUR BARRY. It was hot in Borderville. Ay, s hot that, you could see the peppc trees; shrink and euri their leave and visibly wilt under tho fiore breath of tho western heat wave. " Hadn't you bettor; wait till .th rains como, Jim, dear, till the rain come before starting ?" asked a gb of her lover aa tho pair sat in ono o . the coolest spots in tluit towushi ?where nil were hot. * " Might wait for n blue moon, dai ling," replied Jim Traynor, ns hi «rm stole round Claw Maybury' slim waist, and his face nppronchei lier own. " If we don't maleo a pus] some other fellows will. From al accounts, it's H fortuno if wo cai find it." " Yes, if you cnn," said Claru doubtfully. "There ! there ! Jim that will «lo. It's too hut for tha sort of thin";," she continued as tin young- mnu's good - looking face entiling closet* still, she gavo him i «light:push away. "Oh! all right,"..exclaimed Tray nor, rising; "considering this, maj bo our last meeting For mnny-monthi I don't think you need hu so jollj particular to a hiss more or less or . .account of tho weather." "You know it's not that, Jim,' replied Claru -Maybury, her rathei cold blue eyes softening as sh« spoke ; " but tho heat makes one irrita bio and ti. rvotis. There, then, ?will.-tbnt do ? Oh Hf you only have luck-thin tim« you'll title« rue-away froni this horrid place, won't you}1 Father lias tried in vain!onco more to get mi exchange." ? "Ami little wonder!" returned ??.Jim, grimly. "Fancy a malinger iVoni (ho mountain country on the «roust, wanting to come hore! Why, hu might, just as well apply for a shift to Hades at once. Why, yes, of course, Clara, if this spec should turn up trumps, we'll get mumed quito suddenly, and never cry crack till we smell old Monaro's mountain land on our honeymoon.. So cheer up, dearest, lind let tis hope in the good timo coming." . (.-. "lint no color came .into the girl's palo face as she allowed her be 1 trothed -to .kiss her once more; '' neither shnping her passive lips to his .nor moving her hands tying clasped before her-*on her lap. " My God, Clara, you're as cold as . ice to mo." exclaimed ' Jim, with à ring ot' exasperated passion in his voice as ho suddenly folded her in his arms and kissed .her repeatedly, causing, at least, the fair cheeks to Hush redly and the blue oyes to gleam with some of the light that shone in his own. Carried out of her usual calm contained self, she returned his caresses with almost as much fervor . .«s oven he could wish for ; setting hts heart at rest by repeated assur- ( ? alices of her love. And, indeed, Jim Traynor, with his well set-up figure and handsome features, was a man any girl in -Borderville .would have been only too pleased to own as a ,. lover, almost penniless as he was. Twelve-months ago, at the time of his engagement to Clara Maybury, ., . tho only daughter of the manager "* . of tho Bank of - Carpentaria in that 4'ur border townshin. Travnor had owned ii compact, if small, station , Home few miles out. But, in a luck \ .lci^ moment backing some bills foi ?'..-. ti f'riond, the inevitable in such case: £ ? overtook him, and he had to pay up This so seriously taxed his resource! > that tho long drought completelj liuinliod him. Finding himself prac 1 timi My homeless, ho had offered Clara . lier liborty. This she bad indignantly rel'iisod. Then Jim had .turned hit . lui'id to different things, dealing .." - -droving, etc., but without making moro than n mere livelihood. Now ii. wandering bushman had given him and two'others " the straight tip " as r to tho whereabouts of an opal mint far away to the West,, across . thc desert country.' Tho man had been . in Traynors employ in tho good timos of Ngori. station. And- al- though just .at present , ill in thc Jiii^pilal, and consequently incapable 'ot' guiding him to the spot, he had KI*nti for Iiis fortifier master, and pro fc-sing himself mindful of many p.-t-t littlo kindnesses,' given him * tic-li explicit directions that Jim thought there could be no difficulty in discovering the exact place. Thus with a'couple of other young-men, sons of nejgh boring squatters nearly at the end of their tether through drought and rabbits, he was setting ©lit to tompt. fortune by a now road. Manager Maybury - ii widower whoso only child Clara was-had oponly advocated the breaking oil .of tho engagement. But his daugh- ter, who managed him, ; would not , hear of stich a thing. Still, how bit- ter tho downfall of all her hopes had hoon when Ngori " smnshod " no ono -but herself know. Jim, perhaps, partially guessod. So far, however, MO word of the might have been hnd passed botween them. "Only, and tor tho first timo.'that morning had tho girl's horror of her environment, lier longing to got away, found speech. Undemonstrative as sho ' was . by nature, she loved Jim Traynor as much its lay in her to love anybody, and was loath to have him venture .into tho wilderness on a quest that seemed to her more than doubtful. But at tho samo ; time she bitterly, if secretly, resented th.çv'iobs of Ngori arid all that it incant lo hor. v ' "Sling Traynor, Clara, and pick . tip with some fellow who can koep , you-young Mills, for instance," had ijcon hard-drinking old Maybury's . «dvice. But Mills, Inspector of Roads \- mid Bridges, possessed no attraction ' for Clara whon it came to a choice . botween tho two. And yot she was coldly 'angry - causelessly, unjustly angry as sho told herself. For why «h ou ld a mari be such a fool to back bills for his friends, and thus throw «.way money that would havo kept « wife in comfort y Mills, with his £000 a year, could do it easily. But then-suo loved tho other man. And ju; this opal quest should turn out but then shu hud benni 'oft*o many such ventures.; _ Oh J-if Jini could have only married her at mice ! nt once ! and taken her iiwny from thu terrible town and drunken father, and the squalor and heat and hide- ousness of the life. Such were the thoughts that passed through her mind ns almost mechanically she returned her lovor's farewell kisses. "Give me something for luck, darling," said Jim, ns at last he rose to go.. Her mood had changed ; and, por haps, with sotno vague prevision of tho future, she held him tightly to h or and kissed him on lip and cheek. Then, taking a silver cross from her neck, where it had hung from child- hood, sho put it over bia own. " In hoc Signo," said he, ns he rem the motto upon it for tho thousnndti time, but on this occasion with a.nov meaning, ' Then caught by a passini fancy, lie continued, half in jest bal in earnest, " and by this sign, then promise me, dear one, that until i returns to you you will give ncitlici heart nor nanci to any man." Anc he laughed lightly. . Mut, to his surprise, Clara kissee the cross passionately, and s wo ri what he asked as if with an actua! present sense of relief. Then, slip- ping the thing inside his shirt, she sat back pale and worn-looking. The heat waves still danced along the white wido dusty street as Jim Traynor stepped out of the bank and lookod up, and kissed his baud in farewell to the white face shrined in its wealth of yellow hair that gazed blankly out at him from the green blinds-a face for Kosotti or Holman Hunt, or Burno-.Tones to have immortalised on their canvas. But one so incongruously out of placo in a back-block township that even Traynor, .in whom romaneo had little share, was startled and paused many times to look back upon the picture it made. Thon, whilst he strode along, past the crackling roofs of the inland furnace in whose street no living being was seen save a'few of Genghis Khan's camels nibbling the roley-poleys that à sudden willy-willy now and again brought off tho open spaces that lay on eveiy hand, .Clara Maybury sat down to her piano and crooned softly to herself fragments of a song she had once heard, but for- gotten utterly,till that moment : Gully hedight, a, gallant knight, Through sunshine mid through Bhndnw, Rudo ulong, singing u song, mid looking for El Dorado. Bub ho grew old,' that knight so bold, And o'er his heart a shadow Kell when he found no snot of ground That looked like El Dorado. Wearied at length, and losing strength, He met a pilgrim Bhadow ; " Shadow," said he, " where cati it he This land of El Dorado," "Over the mountains of the ninon, And down the vale nf shadow, Ride, boldly ride," tho shadow replied, '" For there lies Eldorado," "And so. you are going out bau! again, Mr. Traynor, I hear," sail Bessie Armour. -"What are yoi after this . time ?" And tho prott; barmaid at the "Royal" lookei rather anxiously at Jim as sho se glasses before himself and his twi friends, Barclay and Harrison. . * " Oh, the same '.'old thing, Bessie, replied r'Jim. " Or rather-1 don' mind telling an old friend like you we've got on the-track1 of an op» mine, and are oft? to see if wo cai spot it.". ' Bessie sighed; and the fresh colon in her cheeks came and went. Sin was a pretty girl, brown-hairod brown-eyed, and with a comploxioi unindebted to anything but coli water. More, she was what evory body spoke of emphatically as, i "good girl," than which no highci praise can fall to one in her position And she had loved Jim Traynor ovoi since she had tient seen him, foin years ago now, drivo up to tho dooi of tho "Hoyal" one show timo keeping her secret as best she might often with much effort. She Tint cried whan tho " smash " came, anc Jim had kissed ber and called hoi a kind-hearted little thing, and toll her not to fret. Also, later, having made a good cheque out of somi horses, he ' bought Bessie a guli chain and locket. Thus the pail became wonderfully good friends aside it was even rumoured thal they might somo day make a match of it. Such things often happen a ni nobody any tho worse. And it says much for Bessie that no one, even in tho Western freedom of the bal parlour, ever, when her smash came, chaffod hor, or, indeed, ventured tc hint in any way that she had, to usi the local phrase in such matters, "fallen in.' All the same, Bessie hated .with a very wholesome hatred indeed thai woman with the pre-Raphaolito fact and figure who had worked hui downfall. As'for Jim, ho seemed, and pro- bably roally was, sublimely uncon- scious that anything was expected of him, or that he had, as the, word goes, "treated tho girl badly." Cer- tainly Bessie never gave anyone causo to say so. All the same, people spoke of the matter amongst them- selves ; and Mr. and Mrs. Curtis al tho parsonage, and others, were, in consequence, cool to the young mun. But Bessio had pocketed her pride and gono oh loving him bettor than ever. And now, as she watched Jim, her eyes wore heavy with unshed tears, for she know that he WHS bound on a long and dangerou.« journoy across country that even Genghis Khan and his camel train fought shy of. So much she gathered as the three talked together in tin hot little parlour adjoining^ the bur, whilst from tho yard outside came tho impatient stamp of their horses, packed and ready, awaiting what was sarcastically known as " tho cool of the evening " in those parts.. "Woll," said Jim at last, "good- bye Bessie. If luck's with us, yon shall havo a set of opals that thero's not the Uko of in the wost. A kiss for fortune, Bess, and then I'm off." For a moment the girl hositatod. Thon, throwing, her nrmsround his neck, she kissed, him twice,* thrice, .md bursting into tears, run from tho room. "Soft-hearted littlo thing,"' com- mented Jim, in a rather surprised tone. "But wo wero nlways iirst rato chums, Bess and I." " My God !" muttered Barclay, who was coarse. " And to think ho can't see, or won't see, how gone the poor gal is on him, and all because of that white- faced--over at tho bank." "Sickonin", ain't it ?" replied Harri- son, who was of rather finer fibre. " Here she is, ns full of love and affection for the follow as she can bp, and there's that Maybury girl with no moro_ feeling than a black snake. And Jim must go and buck up to her ! By iingoi but some chaps aro blind ns bally bats !" And so out into the broad street, with the fading popper trees along its sides; white clouds of fine dust rising under tho horses] hoofs, fierce metallic clatter of cicadas- from patches of torrid garden, and at the far end, right in the rider's track, a red globe of fire swinging low on to tho tops of the stunted scrub. In ono, room a girl "serving drinks" with a breaking heart. In another, one who still murmured to herself: Wwi HPO". nt tenet ll, lind Inning; strength, He met a pilgrim shadow. \- " Sniidiiw," said he. " where can it he-. This Land of El Dorado." Timo pnssccl, but tbo drought die not; and around Bordorville the heal wave danced and quivered as of yore All the people who could had gone away.io cooler regions. But amongst them tho Mayburys were not num h. rod. And misfortune had come tc thom in such wise thnt it seemed they might never in all their lives get away. Mr. Maybury, as a conse- quence of perpetual " boozing," had lost position in the bank, and now, with his daughter, was living in a little camp-oven of a cottage stuck right in the eye of the sun-n hut almost, adown whose chimney camels came and looked inquisi- tively, and through whose shrunken slabs the desert dust blew in clouds. And tho white-faced girl, with the eyes of steely blue, palo face, and great masses of maize-coloured hair, tito her soul out in tho misery and squalor of the place, while her father loafed for drinks at the bar of the "Royal." ? Twice Mills had proposed and twice he had been rejected. Jim Traynor had been gone three long months without giving any sign. And, abroad, Mr. ^ Maybury publicly bewailed . the fact that his wife should have" ever borne him an undutiful daughtor. At home he sat and cried miserably to her to go and marry Mills and < his £500 per annum. ' , " What's the good of> waiting, you fool I you fool ! he wailed. "STnose Traynor comes bnck, even-which ho never will-he'll be a bigger broker than ever. ïDon't talk to me about opuls ! Rubbish ! If he'd only kept Ngori, andnot acted like a fool, we'd botlí'ha' boori out o' this cussed bolo long since. Mills is going to got a shift next month to Ar'midalo, and a rise, too. Why shouldn't wo go with him Y Oh, you ungrateful loni ! " And Bossy, looking on and servin drinks, and exulting in tho othc woman's misery- as only a woran can, wondored, nevertheless, wit much wonder why sho hesitate! For'tho" girl rend Clara like a bool anil well "know that she. was nc made of the stuff that stands pre: sure of tho kind she was being sui jected to. ? But tho fact was Clara Maybur was frightened. Like many othe slow-blooded, but. lymphatic, pcopl of her stamp, she was superstition! And she liad sworn on the cross t bo faithful and true. ' "Neithc heart nor hand to : any man." ? Jin sho romombored, had only said;.-i jokingly. Yot she, fool that .sh was, must go and swear it solemnly Yes, after all, her father was right sho was a fool. But she could no break that oath. In Hoc Sir/no And she shuddered as she thought c a dead man's presence haunting ho length ol' weary days should sh succumb to- templation. Time passed. And then, one daj a camel train from tho westwun brought in two dazed and broke wrecks of what had once been sturd, bushmen named respectively Barcia] ami Harrison. And all they had ti tell was told in a few sentences nutivo_wells dry, demi horses; hun ger, thirst, madness, and tho mockiti] of tho unsninted desert. But fo some ' friondly blacks' thoy novo would hayo been able tb make in t ivhtuv! they mot tho'eamcls. As fo Traynor-poor Jim-at ono of thei desert camps, delirious and cryin¡ upon a certain girl's name, ho hai wandered, away through the night and when tho others at dawn rc sumed their painful crawl througl the heavy spinifex, there waa noth ing in sight. What could they.do It was death to stay and search Bettor ono die than three. It wa was tho law ol' tho desert. Besides, hi lower and weakor than thoy. Tin faiiure to find tho opal had preyoi ?on his mind, and ho was " worrying. Probably he had died tho samo night That was tile brief story told by tin pair of ghosts tho wilderness hui given up. And Clara Maybury shuddorei again as in her dreams sho saw fha; form struggling madly through tin prickly spinifex, with hoarso groan! of "Clara 1 Clara !" from its parchec lips. Well, all was ended now foi him ; but not for hor; Even death sho hold, could not absolve hör fron , her oath. And still there was mon . of superstitious fear th ari of con scienco in her dismal resolution. "That is all I have,' Bessie Armoui was snyirig to Genghis Khan, a night 'T two-arter tho nows came, as she l-ointed to a small heap of notes,«) gold' watch, locket, and chain, and other jewellery that she had brought to the Indian's' tent in a kerchief. "Take it, and lend me tho camel. I'm going I o' Und Jim, or know the reason why." "A long journey and a hard one, my sister, ' said tho other, stroking a big black beard meditatively, "with, possib'y, disappointment at the end ot' it. But what snith oiir prophet, ' the way of a woman is as the way of a beating wavo upon a rock.' Therefore shalt thou go. For again', is it. not written that 'a kind word cos tot h naught, and yet may mean all good things to the giver thereof." Therefore shalt thou go. For when land my wife journeyed hither, and people saw that she was white, they mocked, all but thou, who hadst over a pleasant greeting and friendly smile for one that thy people looked . upon as outcast. Therefore," put up thy money and thy jewels. If any man can find thy lover it is Hassan Ali, who arrived with tho train' that brought the two others in. He'suaü go with thee. Thou shalt ride mine own _ beast, Ayesha, and may the blessing of Allah attend thee in thv oiifist." The shadow of a great rook in a weary land ; faces black, but' kindly, grouped around a fragile .shelter of spears and skins, under which lies a man dying with his head in a woman's lap.. AU tho western sky is aglow with clouds-of hyacinth ana jasper, amber, and streaks of vivid purple-a desert sunset, . Two hob- bled camels browse on the spinifex. The man's eyes are fa'xed intently skyward. Presently ho murmurs, toll her I loved lier, Bessie Tell her I said so with my last breath. 'And, Bessie, give her the cross you'll find lying, on my heart. In Hoc Signo, Clara 1 Yes,' yonder lies the opal field ! But, too late ! too late ! " And ho lay back dead. ; -.'," . . . ' «äl . V ' . "I found him whilst you. were sit- ting idle hore," . said a tanned and ragged : woman, entering abruptly [ and standing in front of Clara May- bury. '"I loved bim I But you never did ! You don't know- what love is I He Sent you this with his last breath. He HiHnt you this, too ! " And, as the woman turned to go, a silver cross anti chain fell at Clara's feet. . -,: . That night Mills was coming for his final answer, before departing for his new station in the pleasant tableland of New England. Thu microbe, which is held responsible for so imirh evil-doing In the world, is now charged with heilig the cause nf baldness. A certain ' microbe with a lung nehbit. name grows in the sebaceous glands, und. when ll affects hairy regions it canses tho hair tn full out. So fur good ! th« next thing to be dis- covered is how to lnuculiitu against baldness. The mime nf habitual driinlcards in Lauben, Prussian Slh-sii. are printed, und a Hst Is Íliven to each innkeeper. Any person supply ng one of them with Intoxicants ts subject to a heavy fine, M Statistics shnw that, the English, ns II nai inn, are the tallest mun in the world. The German Unstern« nnthiii-llles will not alniw Russian e«gs tu lie imported. 