*** '.CHAPTER XV.—“DEAD OR ALIVE!” '"The funeral was over, and a very grand and stately ceremonial it had -been. There had been a long procession of the carriages of the county families, of the Dangerfield tenantry, and the ■tradespeople of Castleford. The funeral was over, and in the pale •yellow glimmer of the January sunset the mourning coaches and the family carriages went their way, and the dead man’s adopted daughter was driven back home. The pale yellow glow of the sunset was merging into the gloomy grey of even ing as they reached Scarswood. Her faithful friend, Edith Talbot, who had been with her from the first, was with /her still. The blinds were drawn up, shutters unbarred, but the servants, clad ■an deepest mourning, moved about like -ghosts, with bated breath and hushed .voices, as though the lord of the manor still lay in state in these silent upper rooms. It all struck with a dreary chill on the heart of Miss Talbot—the gloom, the si lence, the mourning robes, the desola tion. She shuddered a little, and clung .'closer to Katherine's arm, who was .white as death. At all times she had been pale, but not like this—never be fore like this! As she had been from -the first hour of the blow, so she was Still—silent—tearless, Tigid. She drew her friend's face down, how ■ever, and kissed it again and again. And Katherine held her tight for one mo ment, and then left her. Katherine was not alone, however. There had followed their carriage to Scarswood another, and that other con ' tained the heir and the late baronet’s Sawyer. Mr Mansfield, the Castleford -■solicitor, was talking very earnestly con cerning that unsigned and invalid will. They reached Scarswood, Sir Peter and the lawyer. The old house loomed up .'in the chill, grey, wintry twilight. “I am going to the library, Mans field,” the new baronet said, with cool familiarity. “If you or—Miss Danger field want me, you can send for me there. Only this premise: I will come to no terms with her in your presence. "What I have to say to her I shall say to :her alone.” He opened the library door, entered, ;and closed it with an emphatic bang. The elder man looked anxiously after ' '.him on the landing. “What does that little reptile mean? I 'don’t half-like the tone in which he \- . -speaks of Catherine. He .doesn’t mean “ to—no; he ^itien’t—no ;manrfibre insult her in the hour of her downfall.” Mr Mansfield sent a servant to an nounce his presence, the French girl, fNinon; she returned to him in a mo ment, and ushered him into the room Where Katherine sat, alone. She looked round and held out her hand to her friend, with the faint sha dow of her former bright smile. “My dear,” he said, very gently, "I do not intrude upon you too soon, do I? But I could not wait; I came with Sir Peter :Straight from the funeral here. As things stand now. the sooner your affairs are ■settled the better.” She lifted her head a little and looked • at him. “Peter Dangerfield here—so soon! He as in haste to take possession. Does he Intend to remain all night—and am I to leave at once?” “You are not to leave until you see fit, . for a thousand Peter Dangerfields! I •don’t know whether he intends remain ing over night or not; certainly not, though, I should say, if you object.” “I? What right have I to object? The house is his, and everything in it. He is perfectly justified in taking possession .at once, and in turning me out if he sees -fit.” ' "He will never do that, my child; and 528 i think—I hope—I am sure he will act as common justice requires,and give you at once the three thousand pounds your father bequeathed to you in that unsign ed will.” She half rose from her chair; a light Hashed into her face; a rush of passion ate words leaped to her lips. But all at once she .checked herself—she who never before had checked a single emo tion. She sank slowly back into her seat, and a strange, set expression har dened her mouth. \ou think so, Mr Mansfield—you think he will be generous enough for that? And it is in his power not to give it to me if ho likes—those three thousand pounds?” "Certainly, it is in his power; but no one save the veriest monster would think of acting a part so thoroughly mean and base.” She listened very quietly, the shadow' of a scornful smile on her face. "Mr Mansfield, I am afraid there is something wanting in your knowledge of human nature, in your opinion of Sir Peter Dangerfield. You forget that some months ago I refused to marry him— that I even insulted him—my abomin able temper, Mr Mansfield. I think Sir Peter is a gentleman who will conscien tiously pay every debt of that sort to the uttermost farthing.” ""Well, anyhow, he wishes to see you," added the lawyer. "I-Ie is in the library. Shall I go and send him here, or would ypn lather it were to-moj- row?” "’feerid Turn’how, by i'll means,”’ the said. “Let us see how generous Peter Dangerfield can be.” <• He got up, walked irresolutely to the door, hesitated a moment, then came suddenly back. < “And, Miss Dangerfield—Katherine," he said, impetuously, “if you should fling his miserable dole back in his face, don’t fear that you shall ever want a home. I have no daughters of my own; come with me to Castleford, and brighten the lives of two old hum-drum people. Come and be my daughter for the rest of your life." He gave her no time to answer; he httrried away, and rapped smartly at the library door. Peter Dangerfield's small; > colorless face looked out. "What is it ?” he asked. “Am I to go upstairs ?” "You are,” responded Mr Mansfield, curtly; “and, as you deal with that poor child in her trouble, may the good, just God deal by you. I shall remain here and take her home with me to-night, if she will come.” Peter Dangerfield smiled—an evil and most sinister smile. "I think it extremely likely, she will go.” he said. “The two-storey brick dwelling of Mr Mansfield, the solicitor, will be rather an awkward change after the gaiety and grandeur of Searswood; but then, beggars mustn’t be choosers.” He walked straight upstairs, still with a smile on his face—still with that exult ing glow at his heart. He opened the door without ceremony, and walked in. The room was brightly lighted now; Katherine had lit the clus ters of wax tapers in the chandeliers, and stirred the fire into a brighter blaze. She had left her seat, and was leaning lightly against the mantelpiece, her hands hanging loosely clasped before her. He took his place opposite her, and they looked each other straight in the eyes. It was the grave defiance of two duellists to the death. ■ “Well, Katherine,” he said; “I wonder if your name really is Katherine, by the way; I must ask Mrs Vavasor.. I came here, at old Mansfield’s request, to talk business and money matters. You look like a ‘queen uncrowned’ to-night, my tall, stately Miss Dangerfield—not good looking. you know, my dear; you were never that; but majestic and dignified, and all that sort of thing. And yet there isn’t a beggar in the streets of Castleford poorer than you.” She stood silent, looking at him. How hiSj^yes gleamed; libw glibly his vonb motfs tongue:ran. His little-rorm ’'ac tually seemed to dilate and grow tall in thisjliour of his triumph. “And that other night,” he went on; “do you remember it, ICatliie? Oh, let me call you by the old, familiar name to the last! That other night, when I —a poor, pettifogging attorney, as 1 think I have heard Mr Dnntree call me —I had the presumption, in the conser vatory,’ to ask you to be my wife. It was presumptuous, and I richly de served the rebuff I got for my pains; I deserved even to be called ‘ a ricketty dwarf!’ You served me right. Kathe rine, and now, in return, I am to come before you to-night and offer you three thousand pounds—mine to give or keep, as I please.” He paused, his whole face glowing with sardonic light. Hera never changed. “Go on." she said, in a perfectly steady voice. “ICatherine,” he said, “I can do better for you than that. What is a pitiful three thousand pounds to 'the late heir ess of eight thousand per annum ? I can do better for you, and I will. Why sliould you leave Searswood at all ? Why not remain here as mistress still— with me ?” “Go on.” she said again, in the same steady tone. “Need I speak more plainly ?" He drew a step nearer, and all the devil of hatred and malignity within him shone forth in the gleam of his eyes. “Then I will—it would be a pity for us to misunderstand each other in the least. Last September I asked you, the heiress of Searswood, to be my wife. You re fused—more, you grossly insulted me. To-night I return good for evil. Let us forgive and forget. As lord and master of Searswood, I offer you again a home here—but this time, not as my wife'. You can stay here as an outcast from ‘so ciety—a woman without name, without character, without reputation. You can stay, beggar as you are, by my favor! Do you understand! So long as you lease me, fulfil my will and pleasure ! You understand me.” The words were uttered with concen trated venom. His hate and revenge had given him a diabolical cour age to say what he never would have dared to say in cold blood. But at the last he drew back. He was a coward to the core,-and she had shown herself before now to have the fury of a very panther. And they were alone. She might murder him before he could reach the door. His first im pulse was flight, and she saw. it. “Stop!” she cried; and he stood' as still as though he had been shot. “You coward! You cur!” No words can tell the unutterable scorn of her low, concentrated voice. “You have said it, and now hear me. This is your hour —mine will come! And here, before Heaven, by my dead father's memory, I swear to be revenged. Living, I shall pursue you to the very' ends of the earth —dead, I will come back from Uie grave, if the dead can! For every word you have spoken to-nightyou shall pay dear ly, dearly! I have only one thing left to live for now, and that is my vengeance on you. The fortune you have taken I will wrest from you yet; the shame, the misery, the disgrace that is mine, you shall feel in your turn. I swear it ! Look to yourself, Peter Dangerfield! Living, I will hunt you down; dead, I, will return and torment you! now go!” She pointed to the door. He looked back at her once as she stood there, the leaping firelight full on her white face and black robe, and as he saw her then, he saw her sleeping or waking all the rest of his life. Then the door closed, and Katherine was once more alone. 