WITH THE SUMMER. A PBAIBIE SKETCH. She lorad him dearly. For three years had "MVroa been parted from her lover, A lick; lint to-day a missive has been carried across the 'niTu prairies "bringing the message to her lotmgin; heaxt-" With the summer, darling, -will come again." Ah, how glad -was the little " prairie | iower" when she learned the message! Hoar fall of joy was her heart when she wut the words penned by 3 hand so sweetly ththT:;«t ? To the pure heart of Mona it Eeemed as though the whole world had suddenly dawned with greater "brightness Just to make her hanpy, v."j:iie all life's dreary shadows t for ever from mortal view. " With the summer. with the J sb«» sang as she strewed the grain for the j poultry in the yard- " "With the sum- > mer I" she trilled in light melody to her . pet pony while he rabbled from her hand j the daily tit-bit which she brought to j him. All the joys that human mind j could conjure np, all the hopes of life's j future happiness, seemed suddenly toj lave concentrated on that one word; " I wonder if he will think that I have greatly changed r " she said to her father as they sat together one evening beneath 1 the rustic verandah which surrounded the .house. "Perhaps, when he returns, he wtlL think but little of his ' prairie Sower" after having lived so long among all the fair belles of London."' " Xevtr fear, lassie," replied the old man, gazing at his beautiful daughter ?with a look of mingled love and admira tion. " Never fear. AHci is a sensible boy, and he knows full well that although he may see many a prettier face 111 his wanderings, he will end a more loving heart than tiiat or my little girV " Thank yon. dad I " laughed ]sIon-.'., lightly kissing- her fathers ugc-d chtek. " Eat, you know, every person does not see me with your eves, for yourloveoften i when TOUT daughter is concerned." And so saying, Mona tripped lightly away to attend to some of the innumerable little duties which fell to the lot oi a house keeper on the prairies. Thus the weeks went past, and the ?mtmtbs were left far behind in the avaricious clutches of Old Father Time ; "but the maiden was glad, for she- knew thai with the fleeting hours the time was ever drawing nearer when two hands and two hearts would meet, never to part again on earth. It is still evening, about the end of August. Sitting alone in the little parlor of Bockvie w are old Bobert Lee and Ms daughter, Slons. The summer his passed quickly by, and now they are hourly expecting to see in the doorway the form of one for whose advent they .wait with bat little patience. TmHl the dusk had fallen. 3fonii had been reading aloud to her father, over ?whom the feebleness of old age was quietly creeping; and now that she is no longer able to read the words, the book has fallen idly from her hands, whilst j thoughts wander into that fairyland of day-dreams so dear to the time of girl hood. For some time the father and daugh ter sat silently together, when of a sudden they were roused from their reverie by the" long-drawn melancholy whine of 3 coyote, the district at that time.- being somewhat troubled by wolves oi thai species. It so happened thai on f"M«;pTpnfngr;,'nfiipTnTir»'h men were absent from home "rounding np/' and as 3Ir Lee heard the wolves drawing nearer to his homestead, he be came concerned for the safety oi : youeg stock which were running loose in i the ravine at the head oi which th ehouse; ?was built. " I wish some of the boys had remained behind," he said, with some anxiety. " If those fnTmnT? take it into to come down into the ravine they will leave ns with but few or cur calves by the morning. If I cosld only go oat myself 1 would soon make short work of them ; but I feel too weak to more now. It is "hard to know that you are getting too old to do that which a year ago was mere play." " Jjfit me go, dad!" exclaimed ilona, Jumping from her seat with alacrity. "2Iay I r Ton know the coyotes are cowards when rear a house, and if I take the ri3e they will probably go 3way as fast as they came; besides, I would like to get a wcli-sKn to show Alick-"nrhen le comes; so do let me go, daddyI " ">Vhen the reader remembers thai in the olden days, as now, many of the prairie bred girls were able to handle a "Win chester with as great effect as many a bearded sportsman, he will neither be surprised at Fiona's reqaesi nor at the old in the abilities of "'l7< ""Well, well," he replied, feeling relieved at anv suggestion for the safety «f his yonng stock, " I suppose it can do no harm if you do go, bat f-nt-c care of yourself, lassie; go not farther thn-n the garden fence, and come back as soon as you see that ali is right. Perhaps some of the boys wili be in from the"' round up" soon, and then they ren look after Matters themselves/' So, taking down the "Winchester from the wall and pstting a few cartridges into the magazine; 2Iona slipped quietly info the harden, forgetting her hat in her excitement, and hoping for an oppor tunity to level her rifle at one of those disturbers" of the peace, and so add per haps another to her already long "list of achievements' which bad won for her a "widespread reparation as a Aliei 2for>rood arrived at the stage terminus he fcund that it. was already eaiiy in the evening, so instead ot deferring at the small inn-dignified by the name of " Eocky Creek ^"otel "-he decided to walk the familiar three miles -which lay between that "house and Sir Iiee's raiiche The evening was all that coal I be desired for the walk, for the air was soft and fragrant with perfume from the many "wiKi iowers ; tue trees and shrnoi were j clothed in their richest garments, and the j innumerable song-birds were 311st warb- j ling their ]:i=t evening hymn as they i retired to their le-jfy homes for the night, j Along: the well-worn road the young . man strode, and as be neared the borders j of the Ijee estate bis steps unconsciously ?] quickened end his heart beat -it'a eager- j Bess as his mind dwelt cn the happiness j -which wonld soon be Us. The pathway ! to the farmhouse takes a sharp turn to- i "wards the hillside, and us AHi-V entered ! the ravine, at the top of which W2s j sitnated the bouse be sought, it -as just | light enough to see one's footsteps, and ; just dark enough to render indistinct such j o'jjcjt-; as were not uirecily at Land, j The road leading to the garden v,-a_s j steep, ;:nd as A lick reached the incline ! his pace slackened, and a strange timidity j seemed to steal over bis usually fearless i spirits. i "I wonder if she wffl be as glad to see ' me now as she used to be in the olden j days,*' he innrmnred to himself. I I almost wish I could meet her alone before I going into the house. I have it I" he j exclaimed suddenly, as a bright thought j breaks upon his mind. Then acting on : the impulse of the moment. Aiick j crouched behind a small maple scrub and ] \- uttered a faint cry in imitation or 3 I coyote's v/hine, such as be used to make j use of whon announcing bis presence in ; the days when his betrothal to Slona was a secret known only to themselves.; Agmn and again he repeated the cry, and : the bills and trees taking up the sound echoed and re-echoed it until one might iave supposed that tbe ravine was, swarminz with wild animals. _£losfly he creeps up the road, whining . gently at every step, each moment expecting to hear a cry from the hcose : and see tiis loved one rushing down the ' TiTP to meet his embrace ; when suddcnly -before he has time to utter a word, a a figure riws out of the darkness before lima .1 shaip. click of a rifle is heard-a ?bright flame leups forward, lighting np the gloom far a, second-a wild scream of agony pierces the air, and. Alice 5"orwoo4 falls to the ground, pierced through the lungs -Kith a rifle ballet! It is EO" many years since this icci cent took -place. Old 2ofcert Lee still lingers in this life, thcngh soon to leave . it, and by his side sits the ghost of the j former "prairie fiotrer," Slons. The \ once golden locks are silver, cud the rosy I eheeis are blanched an ashy whiteness ; I the bright eyes are sunk and listless, ; .chile a smile of silent resignation rests j on the face that was once so foil of light i and animation. Hapn2y the past to her ? is all a blank, bat as yoa enter at the door ; a flish of expectation seeais to light np the sari -features, a light which qnicldy fades T--hen sue sees the incomer. Then .Kith a stifled sob, to hear v/bich makes one's heart bleed, the once lovely jlona trims to a tattered letter -which she holds in her hand 3nd sighs-" TVith the £i!2ini; r, with the sntnicer he "ill coiae t again I 3\. F. Aijryli SastOy, in the | " Xorth British Advertiser.'' ( = 