A ROMANCE OF PRISON-BREAKING. The most marvellous of many escapes from Millbaok Prison was Punch Howard'r, who had also broken out of Newgate and Hsisemonger- UneGaol In those days the prisoners used regular steel knives, which were given for meal times and then immediately removed. Howard at diuncr-time, converted bis knife into a rough saw by hammering tbe edge of (ho blade on the corner of bis iron bedstead, and with this sawed tbrangh one rivet, leavitg the wiudow 44 in statu quo." The wholo thiog was ffccted within the dinner-hour ; saw ;rnnde, bar cut, and knife returned. Then Howard, set to work. His cell was situated at the tap of tbe infirmary, being lighted by a window wbw extreme length was about three feet; und its width six inches aud a half. The window itself revolved on the central bar, which wis riveted into the steue at eaeh end. Hoisting himself again to tbe window, by hanging hia blanket on a ham mock hook ia tbe wall just beneath, ho removed tbe window bodily— one rivet haviog been sawn through, the other soon gave way, Tbo way of egress, such aa it waa, waa now open— » narrow slit, three feet by tlx inches and a half. Howard was u stonily built man, wilh a -by ao means small head, yet he managed to get bis bead through tbo opening. Having ac complished this, no doubt after tremendous pressure and much pain to bhoself, bo turned ao at to lip on bia back, and worked bio about- dec and arms cab. He had previously put tho window with its central iron bar balf in and half out of the orifice, moaaiag to use it »s a platform to stand on, tho weight of his body pressiag down ono end, whilst the other caught against tbe roof of the opening, and as gave biui firm foothold. lie bad hIdu torn up hia blanket aud sluels into strips, and tied them together, so aa to form a long rope, one end of which waa fantoned to his legs. He was uow half-way out of the wiudow, lying in a horizontal position, wilh bis arms free, bis body nipped about the eeatro by the narrow opening, bis legs still inside bis cell. It was not difficult for him now to draw out tho rest ef his body, and as soon as he bad leogth enough he threw himself up and caught the coping stone of the roof above. AU this took place oh tbe top storey, at a height of some 35 feet from tbo ground. Ho was new outside the wall, and standing on the outer end of the window bar. To draw out tbe 'wholeleogtbs of blaoketaodsbeetiug rope, throw them on tbe roof, nad clamber after, wero-hia next exploits. His next job was to descend into, tbe garden below, which encircles the wholo-of the buildiogsj and is itself 'surrounded by a low boundary wall. This garden was patrolled by six sentries. He oaald sec them. He took tbe esceet by degrees, lowering - himself from the roof to the third floor window, from third floor to second, from eecend to first, nod from first to tbe ground itself. Tbe back of the nearest patrol was just then tamed, and Howard- was uuobserved. Next moment be was standing in bis white shirt, bat otherwise naked, in among the tombstones of the penitoniary gravonrd. Concluding that be was a ghost, the sentry, as he afterwards admitted, turned tail and ran, and Howard was soon ever the wall. Within a minute be was in bis mother's house in Pye- street, close by, got food and clothing, and was off to the country. And the story of bis cap ture reads like a romance. But he was oap- tured witbiu 48 hours. 