NOW AND THEN. ADfeEAMOE YESrEEDAY. [By. Mqpokb.] I was standing in the city, leaning idly 'gainst a j post, . ■ Watching wearily the moving of the homeward- - hurrying host Streaming out of shop, warehouse, office, factory, cellar. Bank; And the tun's slant rays glowed redly on the build ings as he sauk. People bustled ronnd about me,-vehicles went rum bling by, . Bagged urchins shrilly whistled, newsboys called their evening cry. . All the usual city crowd sights moved around mo as \- I leant, Foppish clerks, staid men of business, maids, and matrons, homeward bent. As the sun sinks slowly lower and the rose tints fade to grey, Half in light and half in shadow nightcomeson the heels of day; . Dimiy then, the figures moving seem in that half light to be Ghosts of long-forgotten people of an old, old used to bo. Buildings, roads, and pavements vanish suddenly, I seem to stand On a wide plain uudulating in a savage, unknown land, And iustead of weii-clothed white men, round about mesawltben . . Naked people, -dark and swarthy, laden women, i nrmidweu. Flickering ciprip fires wink and ' spark, smoke Ltbs "■wreaths float uponthe breeze,; Wild birds, as jiigh.t .gathers,-hurry to the shelter. of the trees. .. ... IVhife and grey, arid brown ahd yeilow, flying with. a frightened rush* . Flocks«rf kangaroos are bohndihg,.swiftly heading for the bush.' Dusky figures flit behind them, spears fly shimmer ing in their rear, Killing some, the while the others flee' with wild instinctive fear. Bound.one fire, when night is fallen, just within the lurid clow, - Half sit, half kneel a group of women, whs no modest covering know. On the ear'.h with sticks they're beating, while they croon a monotone, Half a song, and half a murmur, part a cheer, and part a groan; And withfn the lighter circle, where the flameiigbt brighter plays, All fantastically painted with broad streaks of coloured clays. Like.deformed and hideous spectres, skeletons mis shaped and weird. Savage men with crude war wcapous in corrobboree appeared. All tiie sights of savage people, all the deeds of un taught men, •' All tiie wild strange ways of nature in her crudest, wildest vein. All that can he seen or fancied of grotesque^un cultured lifo, Whore'no law but strength is heeded, statutes-but - the spear and knife; Dwelling but a leafy shelter from the wind and rairf, or sun, All, in short, there is in lands where human life has just begun. Then the Vision vanished,arid I saw'tlie real NOW again; ■ ■ Cities, villages, and homesteads, dotted closely o'er theplain,, Every sign of cultured progress, every sign of heart and mind As vve know them, broad and broadening, striving light and truth to find. Where-now is tho wild unlettered denizen who used to roam O'er the fields where cropi are waving, where now progress has her home? Vanished, as my dream has vanished, gone like yestereven's fears; Yot my dream had backward carried memory only sixty years. 