THE STORIY OF A GREAT PICTURI., In his fat sem tictur? rec , ti oner followed the traditiuon which nrer 'in force in his youth in tie lrench asoli, Is If painting. Filst bits of detail, casefully studirl from nature or from the living moodel, in crayon: then, stil liu crsyon, and after the living model. the wholo oomloitiono This'umpoolait l he reproduced 'without -aeitiunl i hisno plietid, Ito most mmluto ollrcls of light beng iadicltedntu the dnrning. • * -. It was not long, however, before he became convinced that this rystem hId to monotaony of colour, and witltout d, fleeling from the prlnciple of doing nothintg except from nature, which tie lied tels his rule from the beginning, he re. pl.,cd the crayon study by the painted study: As the same timer, in'order to eIrav nothing to chance, he started the practice, whenever he began a picture, of arranging the scenery he was to reproduce In a corner of his studio. This de?lo, he placed the model among the sceocy. as if i, a tablrau.rivanti His Attention to Details. He never began work until he had carefully studied the place to be. occupied by eachi bibo. lot, the client that the hanging woutl'proluce, ih wvery in whioh the light fell on the projeo. 'iion, ofa cornier, an the mouldings of a pieee of furniture or a seat, on the most trifling and humble accessories. If the tapestry whichb seemed to suit for a background,, or the arm. chair in which the principal figure was to sit were wanting in Meitsonier's properties- he' bought them. If the required object were not to be fuend he bad l.e made. 'H would e'vee' order; to copy them better on his onvoesos, chimney-pieces and stairnsoes, which lio after wards sold eor an old song. SWhVeu the elements of the picture were colt. loteoted' belaoiee planned out the main lines of it in his mind. . Then, without making any preliminary sketch of the whole, he set to work on- stulies of detail, which were generally studies of costume. He turned out dorens of them ultil the costume ofreach of thofigures had taken its form. Work on the head, the detail at the face, he reserved until the time when the picture having been begun, and the asetors in the drama being in their places. he h'id only to give the final touches. But though he worked with greast facility and his touches followed each other rppidly and were wonderfully sur e could. not produce quickly.. At the miot he would ilnish a leg in a day ofsteady work. This elowness of ezeeu* 'too, however, did not prevent telesenier's luexorably destroying the work of several days ,if he were not thoroughly satisfied with it. tlis desire for perfection rendered him inexorable to ererything that did not fully realies is idea. The Great Picture. To understand: the precautions taken by thq painter to obtain absolutely truthful effaots in. his great works, nothing can be'more iosttuc. Itlre than the history of."1814," one ofthe most :popular of his pictures. It is tbui told by his, (son-: I The zecution of the picture, tltough medi-' 'tated id composed for months in my fath;r's 'braie , wasu long delayed for want of snow. The' iwinter of 1883 was already far advanced and! lnot a flikpb:f snow had fallen. At last it came.. 'When it lay''thick enough; in our garden my 'father it once took his measiures, had it tram. pled by tbhe servants and soailed with lsrrowfuls, of.oarth'." It soon became as muddy, dirty, and sad as one could wish. Then and then only my father began to work out of doors, ;posed his homer, in spite of the low tempera. tore, in the snow, and, with prodigione acti. wily, puahtd on his studies of detail'in order to have them oumploat before the thaw came. Fortunately the hard weather slstdd as long as was necessary, sometimes. cold;' sometimes snowy, but, always with the same, sad,, black sky,. laden with opaque clouds-the sky noae. eery to'obtain the dcaired'tffect. ? . " After 'the'? genealiof.he escortcame the turn of,'Napoleoni: All the parts of the coe. tuns were ready; They had. been'made under the supervision of Prince Napoleon,.: mnd aocur. 'atly mopied from the authontlc relics of the IEmperoin his possession. Tie moment had come to clothe.the model with them.. The omit was too small for him, but, to make up, the hat came doewn'oser his eyes. " " y father tried on the costume himself. Thu coat fitted him like a glove, the hat adapted itself perfectly to iis head. He did not hesitate a moment. He- mounted theb white hborse sect from the Imperial 'stables, took 'the modlels place,, and with a mirror sat 'ip before him, feverishly copied his silhouette and the back-ground agains which it stood. The coldwaus intense, and my father's foeot" almost froze 'in the stirrdp. C?hauflrettes wore hold underthem and a brasier ''was placed beside him for him to warm his' stiffened flngers. "Friends tried to convince him that he was giviog himself uannesesary trouble. When the landscape wass done why should he not go back to his warm studio to paint the ligurces ? My father rightlyobasarved thatin the studio 'the values, the relations of the tones of the figures tothe lsndeaope -would be' wanting, and he held out to the end. All the studies were made under the came conditions." 1HS, ONLY CASE. We were in Markham's " oano," a little room to which be was aeunslomed to reiire"to cool," as he eaprenssd it, in. such odd minutes as a heavy home- practice in medicine left him. Netherby, a surgeon from lower down the street, had dropped in at ten o'clohk'.to smoke a fri~ndly pipe with Markham and me and to ohat ver professional topics, as wee our custom. Markham was great on reminiscences and struickt ont opod them as oon as Nethrrby, drawing his coat tails snotentiously about him, had settled' down into the doctor's wicker chair. We smoked on in doferentisl silence until Markham bad finihod. S" W?tlr' said Nethorby, with a long pull at bhis pipe. " I'm not much at ' eaperiere.ecn, hot I had one job ant there near Ban Franciscothat aes always been on my mind." ".What was is P" asked Markham in his abrupt way, turning a pair of pieninog little grey eyes on Nosherby. " It occurred searly twenty years go, before I sattieJ down,'" aid Netherby, removing his pipe and throwing his head back into a relle tive attitude. " I had had a few turns at sea ns surgeon on a North American stesmer iut through a bother I had withthe chief officer I dropped il qt theand of a voyage out. I left heratlIamsoad wenton aramble inland. I bad no dea8nite plan, buttI thought it would be worth while taking a turn round the mining distrieL 'I had goon through surgery, and thought, being an Eoglishm en, there might be a,ohanco ahoutsome of tho mining setJementa. Lots of wqrk for a sw.bonaes about there,0 said t'thrrby, with a signolo?ot nod, " Did you get any p" saked Markham, aharply agait?s... "One case-~ust one. And I didn't lik ihl It wacot in my branch at all," Nethearby replied, trowning st the reorolieotioo. " I dropped on a little mining place in the hils," hn continued. "It wm aboutahundred miletr eator Ban Francisco. Isomehow fancedi the pl·Oseo. I stayed therq prospeotirg.alount tvo rooths. In liean weks I:knowi ewcrynea in' it worth knowing. They wren as defeteotiat as you phse, learnming that I was an Englishb surgoon, no got on well with them. 1 t stoppDd at the prinoipal otoro In the townj the ksepar of which was asharp and sharewd Yankha, but shabout as good-notured as they maob 'em. ·Osno night after hadgoon to ted I heard n loud klookingat thqouterdoor. 0 hen there were voLces,. I could hea thu 'storohkepoer spoebingsharplyto uomohoabout omnlg atthat late hour. In' smhiunto hesohih m approachi g my rolom. p called ont to learowllhtheti I wao Owohi, nad on my answering him, toldi aitakeaset!buwbf**r' tUjOnsmihd of the town had come' to see it I would go to aI man who was'dying.° There had been a fall of stone in the workings, and the man was badly' injured. A doctor of some kind was with bim, bat tl.e man had begged that they woutdl bring an Knglishbman to him as he biad momethiný important to any. Tho boss" Ihonght he wanted to makeoa eonoselon; and for somao reamau would ot.iy mako it to anl -Iugllslomn. Yo'u see, I was not wanted pmro fetalu,,lly, so at fraet I deolined to go. 'The strrkee per orgned the matier with me. sayings it would look bad if it got known that I had' refused to go and hear a dying man's confes-J ion,. So I got up and dressed ant joined thes ' boas.' and'told him to lead the way. " He led me alogg the solitary main street ofj the plac;.eand then struck out tor the hills. I had not the ghost of an ide where we: were' goineg. and . as the ,, night was dark it wat impossibla to nte .the way. I lried to' get my companion to talk,r bias after one or two vsgogrepliesto myromarks I' left tn limone. ' Ho was either stupidly sullen orheo concerned about the man that Le was unable to convrose lucidly. "We most have walked' for nearly bhlf-no . hour when rhy guide gripped my 'rght wrist and turned me soharply round, with a curt, '*Kem this wyl'" Still tolding my wrist be walked a few paces and then stopped. I could see thatwo were by a loy building.. Going or again yo guide leds me slowly round 'thi place until we reached'a door on thefurter side. It'waspartly open s:ndlcould diseorn asdim'light witlin. ,:.. i'11yasr wo sir.,' heinrtied\iityrincpanlion pusholng the havy door open. -"' lyar's thee' Englesli surgeon, mebh 'o'l du frr yer." "It was a mining hut of the roughest deecripj tion. A seall lamp was burniungoni kind; of mantltshelf, and "giving just ?ufilcientj light to o make the plae 'miserably dim 'nd: weird. A man in, the garb of aminer wav sitting on a rough stool by a low cooncli a bed; upon which 1 could diecern a human form;. lleanw s it-now, JoeoP? asked my comn SBad I' answered the watoher, beding' forward to loqk at the face of the injured man. My guide knelt down by the cocheb. 'Ned !? HIIyr'sethe Engleseh doctor; 'E'en eome t' byar what yer'n t' soy. Can yer talk t"m P' "I had grown secultomed to the gloom, anod could discorn a face uf deathly paleness at the raised end of the couch. As l'watched it the 'eyes opened. ' . . S'Lea e'im with me-leavro us alone," said a faint voice. ' 'Kem on,. Jose. , Let's gem ont. Leave the doctor with 'im a bit. Kerm on!' asid mny com parlon, taking hold of the watchers artma:. "The man slowly ros~ and left the cabin with my guide. I heard thepondoeous door grate as they closed it behind thetm, and knew that I was alole with the dying man. " Can I do. anything for you f" I -asked, bending over to obtain a Lietterview of him. ' Draw that stool up and sit down: by me,' be replied in a low voice. 1 Let me examine you first," I said, feeling his right shoulder. S' No, no,.not that;' he said testily. ' You can't do me any good that way.. I want yen to listen.' " S'I will,' I replied. ' Go on. "-Are you an Englishman P" he asked, tourn Ing Ida glassy eyes on my face. 1 Yee,.' I replied nagain. ' Then listen. This is n dying mans confle sion. My name'sFrankMatheson..Itwasadiver. ii sne d6ing very well. Mte and my. meto,.Tom Thornley, 'ad been at it for ors. We woere like brothers.' Pometimes he went down and some. itimee me. eV-oioreall right 'until the girl came. oate Jacobson her name was. She was jmy girl,, Ilowed her with all my, life.. I was happy,. sohappy untin.Tom: p!tyed!mes falsh! jHe made pretence of friendship' to KHto,. for 'old acquaintance sake, he said, but. I .sawn how it was going, le was meking love to her. He took her from me- my Kale thit l would have died a hundrod times for--look her from me.n ,:And she Itft me for him.' I was like ono dead. 'Bverything changed. All the hopel went' out of me... I was- miserable. and wished I was - dead. And- he, my, old mate, TomoThornley, had done it-playe; .me falsl. How- I hated Lim!' We wesr mating still;, diving together lust as before, And they were to be married-- Tom and my Kati to be married. I was mad-mad for he had played me false.. He had stolen my love. Shne weamy.Katle.. I wonlesr-honourably,; he decerved me- tricked- me. Oh, how I' hated him ! I wanted to killhim, for hadn't he killed rmy hope--my, life. It was all gone. Ah!.l remember.' 'The mea closed his eyes and stopped," said Netherby. " I saw that he lad not efniseld his narrative, o I said gently, 'Have ron nothings more to tell moe?' In, a minute the eyeo opened again. They were quite wild sadi glaring." SYes.' he gesped; ' They wre to be married .-my Katie and him-married. But I spoiled it.' We. were, diving: at tbs old Jferlin on nighttides. It wol Tom's turn to go down. I had to screw him up and, pump ftor him. He ,went down. I thought of them,, married, him and my .Katie. I' was mad, and I did it., I Skept on turning the wheel, madly, gloatingly. Ikuaew Tom was getting no air. We got-him up, dead; I killed him. Killed him, for heo stole my Katie. 'Then, I couldn't bear tolook on her face.i 3 thought she could read murder on my brow.; The form of Tom.haunted me. I.eouldn't bear' ,to be at. the old place or to touch the pump or the gear again. I daren't have gone down in that dreee again for the world. I would have Imet him down there just as he died. I ran from the country. Now it's all over': I an die. You've herd everything. Leave rhe-leave me in peace.' " H eyes closed- and his bead fell over help esaly to. his left side. lie had spent-himself poo his narrativo. Iatopped softly to thodoo d partlynopened,it.: Tho;ooisobrooght back y guide and Jose. "Ilesrned from them.'ths Iho man was bdly croshed- about the lower art of his body and that the mine, doctor had Id them he would not lies through the nightf bit that he would come bhckr and seo him. finding how nearly he was gone. I did, not ?ttempi totouch him, especially as I had not been asked to ronder any professional service. " My guide oonducted me. back to the town oewr the same onnkown way wahad travelled to, the cabin. Promiinig to let me know how tbhes man went on,.he left mo by tbe stmte at which If wase lodging. Before I rose in the morning the storekeeperame to my room wmth the infor-i mation that the man I had visited ws dead. "You are the only living creatlues who ever heard his story from my lips," said Netherby knocking the ash out of. his pipe and rising to go home. 