AN UNDOUBTED LUHATXC. Mrs. Minnie Lennox was one of the most popular women in society. She was rich enough to assist an impecunious friend in time of need; Bhe had brought about enough matches to he-styled *' the mother's help ;' she had patched up enough matri monial quarrels to be accused of robbing the Divorce Court of its piey ; she would get anybody out of a scrape if she could, and if she couldn't she wouldn't turn her back on them. She' entertained largely. She was sympathetic and genorpua. She was always perfectly dressed ; and although a small woman, and not a brilliant one, she managed somehow to be a central figure wherever she went. She may have been thirty-throe. Her age was a matter of speculation, as she toned in with the old, and seemed young among the young. Her womanliness wa3 her chief attraction j it imparted a charm to her very garments and trinkets. Nothing jirred about her. Her admirers maintained that she was an exquisite example of deli cate plumpness ; her fair hair had no glare of gold in it ; her features were not marked, they merged into one another with a soft mistiness which stamped her with a pecu liar air of distinction. Her face would havo given tho impression that her life had been passed in unbiassed happiness, had it not been for one deep liae which ran perpendicularly from a point between the eyebrows and was lost among the short curls on the fore- head. That line told a tale. She had made her entrance into society some twelve years before, as a widow, under the wiDg of her aunt, Lady Turner, wbo spoke pityingly of her, and soathiugly of the defunct James Lonnox, to whom she as cribed but one kind action, namely, his perishing in the shipwreck from which Minnie was miraculously saved. Lady Turner left her niece all her money. Mrs. Lennox often, told her intimate friends that her greatest weakness was a certain indecision of action. : At a critical moment;,' sha would say, ' I know what ought to be done, but it it isn't easy to do I can't do it ; I haven't the strength, and I let myself go with circum stances. I knew I ought to have refused Mr. Lennox \ but everybody wanted the marriage, and so I drifted into it.' Then she would sigh heavily. When Colonel Stan more asked her to marry him, she said, with a frightoned gasp : ' Ob, no, please, Colonel Stanmore I I'm a widow ; and thank God, I'm a widow.' Her answers to her various suitors was always more cr less couched in the same terms. So what with one thing and an-' other, backed by the hints of Lady Turner, and that line that marred tho smoothness of Mrs. Lennox's forehead, it was voted that the late lamented Lennox must have been a brute. Although Mrs. Lennox was determined to preserve her regained state of single-blessedness, she was never so happy as when arranging a marriage for somebody else. And she was almost .vexed that while she had been on the Riviera, and was sauntering home via Paris, her pet friend, Lady Mildred Hill, dsughter to the Earl and Countess of Chinkford had got engaged. So Mrs. Lonnox had had noth ing to do with it. She arrived in London the day before the auspicious occasion, and she had brought in her trunk a lovely gown, which eh-3 knew would create a sensation at tho cere mony. When Minnie Lennox went to church on a Sunday ahe went to pray, bui when she went to church for a wedding she went to be looked at. From what she could gather neither Mildred nor any of her people were exactly proud of the coming union ; ho who was to be taken into the noble family was cer tainly outrageously rich, but he was colonial and elderly, and never spoke- of his ances tors — in fact, was a nobody from the Chinkford point of view- But then poor Mildred was over 30, had suffered many disappointments in her time, had never been a success, and bad had the bitter sorrow of seeing four younger sisters marry off one after the other, so that she was left lamenting. After all, therefore, Mr. Campden B. Anshutber, with his millions, tnoinber of the Victorian, or Canadian, or something Parliament, was very acceptable to the Chinkfords. It was early in May, and the wodding day broke fine and suony. Mra. Lennox was satisfied with heraolf, caparisoned as aho was in her frock and bonnet rrosh from Paris. Her appearance as she walked up St. George's, called forth that subdued mnrmer of approval which is dear to tho heart of woman. The church was thronged. The bride groom was already there. 'There's the old gold nugget. There's CJanipden B. Anstruther,' whispered Ver non Hill, Lady Mildred's favorite cousiD, to Mis. Lennox. ' Look at him.' ' Mr8. Lennox was enrious to see the man who was so soon to become Mildred's hus° band — she looked hard. Good God ! she couldn't breathe — her blood seemed to have stopped flowiug. That Hue in her forehead showed out sud denly as if it had been drawn ia black chalk. For, in spite of his bald head and false teeth, and grey-strealced beard, eho knew Campden B. Anstru her to ba that figure of tho past which she had thought could never appear agaia but; as a ghost — that figure of the past, James Lonnox. There was no mistaking his cold, cruel, shifting eyes. At that moment his gaze met hers ; he started slightly, shot at her once glanca of recognition, then turned away calmly, and talked to somo people near him. ' H«j's not pretty, is he 1' whispered again Vernon Hill. Mrs. Lennox forced a smile, and mur mured, ' No.' And she. was thinking despairingly, ' I'm not a widow — I'm not a widow.' ?'? r Her mind travelled back to that miser able past in which she had played the part of tho tortured, outraged, suffering wife. What should she do? Mildred., lean ing on her fathor's arm, was already pass ing her. What should she do ? She know well enough what she ought to do— ? she ougbt to shriek' out bef ire it was too late, V That man's my husband.' Bat all she did was to repeat to herself in a dull, pained way, 'I'm not a widow — I'm not a widow,' and she felt as if she would like to rush away to some quiet; village church yard, dig. a grave ther°, and cast herself into it, and be lost to the world for ever more. Speechless, numbed by the honor that . had coma upon her, Bhe lot the minutes glide, and again Lady Mildred passed her ; but, this time she was leaning on the arm of; her husband, Campden B. Anstruthor. Mrs. Lannox dared not make a confi dant of man or woman. She determined to leave London as Boon as the newly married couple returned from the honey moon. She would never see James Len nox again if should help it. Bat Mr. and Lady Mildred Anstruther came back sooner than had been expected, \- and, much to her astontshment, Mrs. Lenuox mat them one day at a garden party. There was no second gleam of recognition. Minnie Lennox and O.impden Anstruther mot and parted as strangers. This reassured her, and after a few more such meotiDgs, she came to tho conclusion that there was no occasion for her to quit town earlier than usual. She did not cul tivate the Anstrnthers, neither did Bhe BpeoiaUy avoid tkom. She know London would soon disperse. Although James Lennox seemed as dead as if he were in truth at the bottom of the sea, yet she ctfuld not hold herself a wiiow, and with ferciniue contrariness — now that the thing was an impossibility — for tho first tima in 12 years she wished she could marry again. She fall into the habit of re viewing rpgretfolly tho men among whom ebo would have rna3o her choice, rni gradu ally the shadow c f a mystorious and inter esting martyrdom settled upon ber and added to her many attractions. After Mrs. Lonnox ascertained that tho Anelru'.hors had gone to the Isle of Wight and intended oouiploting their autumn mar ce lvresat ChiDkford Abby, she vanished to Switzerland. Thereupon Colonel Stan more and Lord Fenwick r-vinced an eff action f jr climbing lha A1p3. Vornon Hill wanted to lay odds that Me. Lennox, as Mrs. Lrnnox, would soon vanish altogether. However, he found her at the commence ment of October up in Scotland at Cawdor Ctutle ; ho thought she was looking prettier and sweeter than ever, but sad somehow. 'S'je's too good-natured,' said Colonel Sianmore drearily — he, with Lord Fen wick, happened to be it Cnvdor Castle — 'There's no tearing bor from these Mal es )lrn children.' ' Cursed little brats I' growled Fenwick, 'ai ways getting op in a corner to toll a fairy tab or something, and it's ' Go away, you naughty man, this is our story' — :md all that rot.' Vernon Hill smiled. ' Milcolm kids go to bod early,' ho said, 'and tboy weron't iu Switzerland.' 'Oh! then thoio's somebody with troubles to liefcea to or some nasty old woman who's dropped her stitches. There's always somebody. She's too good- natured.' ' Not good-natured enough you mean,' laughed Hill. And that eveniDg after dinner he got Mrs. Lennox to walk with him on the terrace and he had a long talk with her while the other men glared. She had altered. He felt that the in fatuation ahe exercised had strengthened in a strange manner. He bad always liked her, but with all her softness and gentle ness she had appeared to him, as to others, clad in the independence of the woman of the world. That independence was gone now, and in its place was a helplessness, an appeal for support, for protection. Bafoie, she had been attractive and interesting ; now, Bhe was attractive, interesting, and touching into tho bargain. Besides, she surrounded herself with an indefinable im penetrability ; she vaguely gave the impres sion that she was au unwilling prisoner, whom nothing could set free — 3ho made herself unattainable 1 Could any such woman — above all, so fair a one to look upon — prove less than irresistible? Th* stronger the man the more easily would he succumb. ' What the goodness is the matter .wiib her]'' Vernon Hill asked himself impa tieutly, as he paced by her side and listened to her soft voico with its waves of weari ness. Every moment he spent with her changed tho sentiment ho had had for her in bygone days. Her wbite satin skirt, with its old lace trimmings, as it flapped against him every now and then, thrilled him with its gentle contact. ' I'm goiDg to bo a victim, liko the rest of them,' ho told himself, 6cofnngly. Sho brought the conversation to boar on iho Anstruthers. ' I heard they had gone on the Con tinent,' sho said. ' I've scarcely seen anything of Mildred since she married. You know what it is — ono's friends marry and ara lost to one. At least, that's my experience as a rule.' She stopped sud denly. ' I hopo Mildred is happy.' ' She spends a lot; of money and makes herself of consequence at last. But happy ! — well — I don't mean she's unhappy ; but, don't you know, there's no goUing any ' forrader' with Anstmthor, they all sny so ; he's as cold aa a fijb. ia a block of ico.' 'I know,' said Mca. Lennox, with a shudder. ' The kind of man it 'ud kill you, Mre. Lonnox, to bo with an hour.' Vernon Hill didn't want, to waste his time on the AuetrnthoiB, and congratulated himself on having1 made an opening1 to introduce the kind of man it would not have killed Mrs. Lennox to be with for an hour. The portrait could have passed for his own. He became eloquent. As a tact, the woman beside him seemed to make a call on all that was most manly in him, and it was only her sighs and little mourn ful shakes of the head that absolutely pre vented him from bagging her, there and then, to let him take care of her for the rest of her life. But she would not let him speak outright. She led the way into the drawing-room again, and shielded herself in a game oi cribba-?ewith a half- deaf antiquated general, who was transported with delight and gratitude. Later on, when she was alone in her room, her secret crushed her, as it did sometimes, and she longed to put her lot in the hands of some true, honest man. Then she burst into passionate sobs, as the torturing refrain escaped her again and again, ' I'm not a widow, I'm not a widow.' ?* The next night there was a ball at Cawdor Castle. Mrs. Lennox was one of those wise women who drese3 up not only to a circumstance or event, but even to their own moods. Feminine critics, who had no jowels to speak of, complained that she also dreesed up to the jewels, which were valu able enough to be very much spoken of. On this night of the ball she fell; sad, and bet* toilet in some subtle fashion betrayed the fact. She had never received more ad miration, and the fetninino critics decided that she was not playing lair — they knew ot no other woman who could make use of her moods to help the effect of her get-up. There aho was, with a large black pearl sot in diamonds at either ear, and a larger black pearl set- in larger diamonds standing np from tho back of the short light curls clustering on her forehead, and an even still larger bleck poarl set in oven larger diamonds holding up her gown on the right shoulder. There was no other tiut of jawels &b; ut her; she was ' decollettee,' her arm3 were bare, and her gown. Ah ! that was where she did not play fair ; for it was liko sadness itself. If; was oomposed of groy crepe-dechiao, of 30 soft dull groys blending ono into the other, from that shade that its almost white to that other shade which is of the tiut of a dark, hurrying, angry clouJ. The graceful scirves and drapeiies clung to her as if they were senlwiit things and loved her ; and thq lightness darkened from the train upward and upward till tho eombrenesa of tho eilky fabric matched the black poarl that clasped it on her shoulder— little satin shoes, long gloves, large feather fan, all' gee/. In her bosom she had thru3fc a bunch \--f tnboroses. Tho whole arrangement was perfect. 'But,' said the woman, 'if she were a giggler or a sniggerer it would look nothing.' She felt inclined neither to giggle nor snigger. A great painter, one of the lions of the evening, asked her to sit for him as ' A Twilight Harmony ;' the Gthor lion, a famous poet, begged to dedicate a sonnet Id her which he would entitle ' A Symphony of Regrets ;' one man told her she made ' him think of lost hopes ; another, of past dreams j a third, of joys that have fled- — and so on, and so on. It was rather late when the house-party from tho Grifnas' place arrived. Much surprised, Mrs. Lennox saw the Anstru thers amongst them. She fled into the conservatory, but Lady Mildred followed her with Anstmther in her wake. ' What luck, dear, to find you in these parts !' gushed Mildred. ' We're leaving for Paris soon.' f; Than she decamped with her partner for the next dance, and left the two alone. 'Surely ho did not stay,' thought Minnie. But he did stay, standing there before her, looking at her. His eyes were not cold then, they were ardent enough, and were no niggards with their admiration, and they ware not shifting; they fastened on her as if thy could never tire of feasting on her dalic&te; beauty. Fascinated by his ^aze, she fell back powerless and panting. Surely he would not speak to her. Suddenly he pulled a tuberose from a . basket and put it in his button-hole, &nd; made a step towards her. % Iu an instant her indignation wa3 aflame — ib was her only counsellor. How dare he approach aer ! How dare he give even so trivial a aint that there was a link of any sort be tween them ! With trembling fingers she tore the flowers from her breast and cast; them from her. For a moment he stood irresolute, then he stepped back, turned his eyes from her, drew the flower from his coat, and also threw it away — and he left her. As Ver non Hill was bidding her good-night at the foot of the old staircase, he said, ' I know ; you look to- night like 'Sweet Solitude,' io subdued, and grey, and softened, and ? » 'That's iha best namo for me,' she sighed '; ' for I am alone.' ' - ' Why should you be alone 1 ' he whis pered. ' Why won't you let me — — ' 'Hush! Hush!' Bat he caught her hand. 'I will speak.'^ « tfo, no ! ' 'Why not?' 'Because — because I like you so much, Vernon, that I don't want to hurt or pain you. You must 'always think of me as ? Sweet Solitude.' Gcod-ii*bfc, Mr. Hill.' Aa she passed up the stair* he fdlfc a pang of anguish such a3 he had never imagined himself capable of feeling, for as she disappeared she seemed to float away from him for ever. The day after the Gciffias' party drove over to lunch. Mr. Anstruther held him self aloof from Mrs. Lonnox, and she slipped away after lunch, and did not re appear till they were all settled in the drag ready to start. She stood on the terrace and watched the departure. The four horses wheeled gracefully, and curved into the centra drive. Suddenly one of the leaders shied — in a second there waa a general tumult, and the four horses dashed among the old oak trees. Over went tho drag, its fall broken by a sturdy branch. The footmen waro at tho horses' heads in a trice. Everybody scrambled to their feet, scarcely touched'. No, not everybody — there was one motion less figure on the grass ; it was Campden A. Anstruther. They carried him into Cawdor Castle ; t'ae doctor came, and said he was not to be moved on any consideration — that he might lie like that ior hours — that a nurse was to be sent for. The Malcolms took it very nicely. There was nothing more to bo done for the time, so tho Griffins' pacty went off again, of cour3o leaving lady Mildred with her husband. L'idy Mildred's nerves were decidedly upS9t ; she had never been strong, and tr e tumbling off a drag of itself U not a thing calculated to make a weakly person robust. Sho olung about hor friend Minnie Lennox, but did not soom to have much to say. about tho man tying In tho darkened room uf stairs, and of whom she spoke as Mr. Anshuther. Minnie Lennox was in a state of great indecision ; she would havo liked to fly from Cawdor Ca3tle, and yet she deter mined that if this man was going to die she would ba there to see that he was dead this time. And bo she stayed. Aftor two days Mr. Acslrulher became conscious, and asked for Lady Mildred, lady Mildred hadn't been in his room ten minutes before she came rushing into the boudoir. ' Will you, Minnie, do me a great favor?' she said, 'will you come to see him V Mif3. Lennox jumped up with a Beared look. ' He's so strange, and yet his brain seems all right,'1 went on Mildred. 'Directly 3ie saw me he said, ' I want to sea Minnio.' and he kept on saying it. And he seid, 'Go and 'fetch her.' So at last I said, * You don't mean Mrs. Lennox ?'? ' I mean Minnie,' ho shrieked. The nurse begged mo to ask you to come, but I told her he scarcely knew you, that he couldn't mean you. But she said he must have mixed you up with some other Minnie he Tiid known — the name foddoneit; that you might pacify him ; he mustn't get ex cited. Then he yelled at me not to jabber. It's disgraceful ! Nobody ever spokd to me like that before 1' Teara of indignation trickled down her pallid cheeks. 'Do come, Minnie, do ; just to see if .you can do any good. 'We shall havo him howling the place do^n.' Mrs. Lennox sank into her chair again. Her face was blanched and that dreadful lino looked like a dent in her forehead. ' Don't you go, Mrs. Lennox,' eaid Lord Fenwick. ' Why should you 1 Ho's nothing to you. He'll take you for the other Minnie and kick up a scene, or some thing, and make you ill.' Mrs. Lennox said nothing. She was thinking. Should she tell them all now 1 She shivered. They might turn from her and say she ought to have spoken before, In the church. If she didn't go to him he might tell everything himself in his rnge. She shivered again. And if she did go — overcrowding possibilities paralysed, her at the idea. ' You might come, Minnie,' said Mildred. ']He can't hurt you. He's awful to look at ; but you won't mind that, you're so good naturea. Mrs. Lennox rose. ' I'll go with you,' she said. Her mind was made up that this was the best and safest plan. She might silence him, or beg him not to speak. ' It's a shame. She's too good-natured ; 6nd for a perfect stranger, too!' said Colonel Stanmore a3 the door closed on the two women. In after days Mrs Lennox acknowledged to herself that the next few hours told upon her as ten ordinary years would have done with all their wear and tear. Fear, horror, and the misery of dread uncertainty took away from her all that was left to her of her youth, and nothing ever brought it back again. ? ? ? . The dying man presented a sorry sight.' ' Tell her to go,' he said to the nurse, and pointing to Lady Mildred. Lady Mildred did not wait to be told to go — she went. *' Give me your hand, Minnie,' aaid Mr. Anstrather. Mrs. Lennox drew back and looked beseechingly at the nurse. What; was coming ? 'He won't hart you,' whispered; the nurse. 'rHaraour him. Give him. your hand. He's dying. Answer him j; pretend you're his Minnie.' ' Give me your hand,. Minnie.' She gave him her hand. His voice was very weak. 'Do you. remember .the little village ehurch- whero we were married?' She thought she would have fainted. The nurse smiled encouragingly at her, and codded to her. 'Don't you remember?'' ho asked Mrs. Lennox drew in her breath quickly. ' Y/ep,' she said. The nurse looked approbation. 'I wasn't kind to you, was I?' 'No.' 'I thought you might do better without ':?:' we, and I better without you. But I was Bprry afterwards— you're the only woman I've ever cared a hang about.' Thi3 was getting unbearable. Mrs. Lennox Said despairingly. ' It's a mistake — a mistake. You don't mean me.' The nurse shook her head and frowned. ' I do mean you ; I do — I do,' said the dying man excitedly, and clutching at her hand. ' Yes, yes,' said the nurse soothingly. 'Q-f-eourse, you mean this hdg. Isn't it so, madam ? ' Oh yes,' said Mrs. Lennox, after a pause. ' You are Minnie ? ' hm aaid. ' Yes.' ' My Minnie — yearss ago, years ago — my Minnie.' ' Yes— yes.' There was a silence, an d his hold on her hand relaxed. 11 Tell me,' ho said painfully, ' toll ma that you forgive me — forgive me every thing. If yon don't, you can — you can take your hand away.' Her soft woman's heart leaped with a mighty throb. There are some beautiful natures whoso greatest pleasure it is to forgive. And she had so much to forgive — -so much, so much. Miserable scenes aho had almost forgotten flashed vividly into life again. The hor rible, ghastly past unfolded itself before her, and yet, and yet — she thanked God she could do it. Sbo.did not take her hand away. . ' I forgive you,' aha said in her pretty, clear voice. He sighf d contentedly and r68tfully. ' I forgivo you everything,' she smiled ; and the nurae could not take her eyes from her, she was so lovely. ' And now,' he ianrmuml, after a fow seconds, ' pray for me. Yooi own worde, not the parson's. Say — say — I'va been a bad lot — fi terrible bs$ lot, bub I'm sorry — very sorry.' Well, hero was a departing soul to pray for I She gave no. thought to anything else. She fell on, her knees. The nurse might think wha?, she liked, and tell the world what she liked. It' ever a man needed prayers an he left thi3 earth it was James Lennox. 'Pray,' ho gasped, 'pray. Say bad lot — very bad — 'but sorry — sorry — sorry.' Minnio Lenr&ox;, still holding tho dying man's hand, bar wed h6r phead and prayed silently, earnosf.ly, reverently. The nurse crept from tha room. When Mrs.1' Lennox got back to Lon don she put qfway the mec'a photographs that decked, her writing table. All wish to marry again went from her ; she intended to remain a widow. In a few months the lino on her forehead be came deeper than ever, and ifc was not the only line on her sad, sweet face. Colonel Stanmore declared she was never the same woman again after the death eceno at Mr. Anstruther's bedside. ' It was too much for her,' he said. ' The man died quite mad — took her for some other Minnie— some other wife, don't you know. The nurse said it was awful. He had made her pray and all that. The nurse said sho was just like soma angel standing there. He v- as quite mad — quite mad ; she's never got over it.' And Mrs. Lennox's lady fiiends said she looked more than her ago now, though nobody knew what that was. Visitor : ' ' What are you children playing at?' Sister: 'We're acting pa and ma. Willie— he's pa— and he comes home and asks what there is for dinner, and I say ? Cold meat,1 and then he bangs the table and says 'Dash it !' and goes out.' 