CIhAPTER XIV. It is afternoon, and Rupert looks up from t the pages he has been revising to see the I corners of his room quite dark. The day is r one of sultry oppressiveness ; all nature e seems hushed ,s in expectation of the coming a storm. The sky is inky, strange metal-bright glaems are on the hor;zun. Feeling half I stifl-d and weary of rhymes for the time, Rupert goes out of the house ; but there is t ru,t a lteath'of air stirring.. The same we:rd t stillness and darkness brood over the little I town; windows and doors are flung wide open ; under the hedges masses of. fallen I leves lie perf c ly still, and one hears dis- i tinctly the tearing of soft short grass by the cattle. The secluded lane where Dr Lydiard lives is shadowy on the sunniest day, hut now it looks quite b'ack A strange sensation comes over Rupert of having once before on just such an ominour?ty walked down this lane and pushed open the gate of the Doctor's garden. He enters slowly, half inclined, through a morbid bashfulness, to turn back, for he has never been at Duke's house before. He glances round the garden, which is not improved by ' the ceason of mists and mellow fruitfulness,' at the house itself, with i's quaint stone porch and latticed windows, and then it is as if the lightning had suddenly leaped forth, striking him. He starts back, every pulse throbbing with painful violence. He has seen at the upper window the face of Stephanie Berger. There is no mistake; her eyes have met his, she has recoiled, and the casement is blank I There is no flutter of blind or curtain, no further sign of her presence. Rupert stares at the window as if he were paralysed, until a quick decisive footstep breaks the deadly stillness and Dr Lydiaid puts his hand upon the ycung man's shoulder. ' Hallo, Savage I It is not often you come this way 1' Rupert shakes off his hand and steps back ; he looks like the hovering storm embodied, with his black hair and eyes, his white face, intense passion in every feature. ' Until this moniene,' ha says, with studied deliberation, ' I did not know of Miss Bergesr being--your guest.' The doctor's brown cheeks flush vividly;. there is alarm in his gray eyes. ' You need not prepare any. denial,' says Rupert, with fiery scorn. ' I have seen her !' [ Lydiard's hands are clenched. ' Well, what then ? ' he demands. S" What then I " Wh it is the meaning of e her presence here ?' ' I do not admit your right to ask that question.' ' She was my promised wife,' says Rupert, Sscarcely able to speak. ' That gives you no claim upon her now.' Rdpert looks at the strong stubborn face j with the sensation of one beating a rock ; his e brows form one fierce black line above his stormy eyes. * Was it necessary to befool me-1l Were you ashamed of each other that .sou could not be married openly ?' Duke's lips are set in resolute dogged silence, and Rupert turns away, blind with fury. ' As I live,' he declares, ' I will have my revenge I' He is half-way to the gate: when Lydiard overtakes aid stops him. ' Two words with you,' he says ;::'if your revenge takes the form of telling anyone that t you have seen her here, as I live I will make r you regret it I' 'She has duped and. befooled me; and I will make her sorry for it !' Lydiard drags open the gate and waves his hand towards the gate. ' Carry voeer unmanly threats eloewhere,' She says; ' I have neither, time no inclination to listen to them. But remember that there is now one able and willing to probeo-Steph anie I' ' A husband ?' Duke's face is as white as Rupert's as be' answers- 'A husband I Do not insult even by a thought the woman whom both of us have loverl.' The gate closes with a clang, and' Rupert is gone. Doctor Lydiard hears his hasty footsteps far up the lonely lane, and he presses one hand hard uponuhis temples. ' Heaven help me,' he sighs, ' what am I to do now 1' He goes slowly towards. the house, his head bent, p-rplexity and pain in his eyes, and, when lie enters theo. dim old place, Stephanie glides ghost like down the stairs. She is pa!e, frightened, and looks at him Iwith appealing deprecation. 'I did not know that anyone was in the ea'don-I did not think,' she stabammers. ' He saw me for a second-did he recognise ' He did ' 'Oh I' She shudders, red and white by turns, and quirvering and shrinking. ' What can lhe think ? . What will he say ?' Doctor Lydiard replies bluntly ' Fie says he will have his revenge; and I don't understand him well enough to know what form it is likely to tare.' ' l may tell-people-that he has see?n me hero. Oh, D3otor Lydiard, what shall we do 7 Would it not have been better to confido in him 7' 'I might have done so were he less rash and hasty. In the painful circumstances 1 cou'd not trust his discretion.' ' I think you are wrong.' 'It is this,' say Duke, with grave oarnest ness-' hle has no liking for Dunbar. You know what lhe has thought of you ; and he will hbliove himself injured, no matter to whom you are married. I can't risk trusting him. Don't be afraid ; that won't help us.' 'Theo truth had bettor be told,' she mur murs faintly. 'I don't think there is any albornative if your name is to he saved ; and I cannot sae a my own good name go without a pang." Ieo lhas led her into the. parlour, wlich is quite dark with the heavy darkness that i to pins only when the pent-ulp storm is sot free, Duke walks slowly to and fro, evidently trying to declido on his plan of action ; and 8tephanin watches him, 'nguoly trusting to r his strength, his courage, his good.-sense, and I consalous athab, whaltver else mny fail, io I will be teattfdaab to the indi, Well may both look ahxious and alarmed, for Eigar" Dunhar is concealed under the Doctor's roof I Hither he came, almost un consciously, in the state of panic and terror his own act had brought about, appealing to Duke for help and protection, casting him.selfon his old friend's mercy, begging him, for the love of old times, for the sake of the promise given to his dying fa her, to save him in his hour of extreme peril. Ill in mind and hody, half delirious and wholly exhausted, Dunbar appeared indeed a miser able wreck. There wag no hesitation on Duke's part; he did not pause to consider what the con sequences might bte to himself ; 'o took Edgar to his own room, and watched beside him all the long dreary night, soothing and calming him. He urged Dunbar to face the ps,ition, to bear the consoquences of his p.ssion-but in vain ; physical weakness had utde, mined Edgar's daring and reckles·-nesa, and .-ft him with but one idea-How to escape I His f" ver rapidly increased, adding to Lydia'd's anxieties and difficultie-s. The Doct ,r took his servant. filly into his con fidence-the frail old man who had long known hi- unvarying kindno.s and bene ficence. This of course was a matter of absolute necessity, and the gardener pro mised silence and secrsy. More than that, however, the poor old servitor could not do; he was too frail and feeble to undertake the nursing of the sick man; and it was necessary for Duke to at tend to hit ordinary duties, to be seen as much as or more than usual, if only to disarm suspicion. In his terible dilem.na he had a wild idea of ap pealing to Mrs Campion; but he never once thought of Stephan'e Berger. He did his best. devoting every moment that could be prudently spared to his sick friend; but the unavoidable long lonel, hours of his absence were terrible to Edgar, each drageing minute laden with its own peculiar dread, now of death, now of dis covery, now of insa'nity, the dark panorama of his past life ever unfolding itself, until his thoughts reverted to Stephenie, and he pictured her gen'le ministrations. Theni, in his despair and desolation, he told Doctor Lydiard the story of his marriage, bpgging him to bring Stephanie thither. [To aF coNrTINuSD.] 