THE GHOST PUZZLED. John Tlcole, the translator of Tasso and Ariosto, \vv.s subject to nearness of vision. Ho;lied a gieat partiality for the drama, anel, in his younger days, would frequently strut his hour upon the stage at an amateur theatre in Lincoln's Inn Fields. Upon one of these occasion?, whi's-t performing the Ghost, in " Hamlet," Mr. Iloolc wandered, incautiously, too far from the trap- door through which he had (.•merited from the nether world, and by which it was his duty to descend. In this dilemma ho gi oped <:bout,hoping to distinguish the aperture, whibt tho audiei c •, who were ignorant why the Ghost remained so long in the upper regions after the; crowing of the cock expected him to favcurthem with a second edition of that rekbrnted scene. It was apparent, from tho lips of the Ghost, thf't he was holding converto with some one behind the wings. He at length oecaau; irritated—alas ! poor Ghost ! — and ejaculated, in tones sufficiently audible, " I toll you I can't find it." The laughter which unfiled may be imagined. The Ghost (which, if it had been a sensible one, would have walked vff; became more and more discomposed, until res pert in bed spirit was placed, by some of the oys-tandcrs, on the trap-doer, after which it eh scendod, with all due solemnity, amid roars oF 1 iu'-hte r. Old Drywater : My boy, in all creation you v.ou't find any animal exci pt man who mskrs a habit of smoking. Young Puffs : Yes, fir, but neither do 1 know any other animal that cooks his meals ! Daughter : This piano is really my very own, isn't it, pa ? Pa : Yes, my dear. " And when I marry I can tike it with me, can I ?"' " Certainly, toy child ; but don't tell any one. It might spoil your chances." Success Ensured.—She : I am surprised that her father consented. Ho : i Lad t»To sets of refercnc; s, you see. One for the old man that, I was a paragon of virtue and industry, and another for the girl that I was an awful scamp, *** At the Masquerade.—Lottie : From this time I shall believe in ghosts. Tottie : Why so ? Lottie : You know that " widower " who has been devoting himself to me all tho evening ? Well, his dead wife appeared just now and took aim home. 