MR. O'MALLEY VINDICATES HIM-<*> SELF. Rising at 3.45 p.m in the Assembly on Tues-<*> day Mr. O'Malley referred to the charges levelled against him last year by political opponents. He said he believes in keeping the fountain head of justice pure, and he recog- nised that had Mr. Morehead's slanders been true he was not fit to sit in Parliament. If he had not been able to produce evidence to vindi- cate himself, he said, he would not have come back from West Australia. Elected to the House on April 25, 1896, he was asked for assistance by Morehead on May 25, and be- sides giving him money he got him a position at Broken Hill, from which he was dismissed at his (Mr. O'Malley's) instigation on July 21. The first blackmailing letter was received from Morehead on July 29, and when afterwards in the street he was refused help Morehead threatened to go to Mr. Chittleborough, secre- tary of the Licensed Victuallers' Association and tell him some stories about him (Mr. O'Malley). In November he entered an action against Moreland, and it was tried on December 2 and he was treated, he complained, as though he was the defen- tiant and Morehead the informant. "Didn't the judge advise you to go into the box?" asked Mr. Solomon, the reply was "No, he said he didn't believe either of us." "What, were you both Americans?" asked Mr. Wood, and there was a laugh, after which Mr. O'Malley remarked that neither Mr. Cave, Mr. Parsons, nor Mr. Hutchinson was asked to go in the box, and he would not have been had he not been a poor stranger. The judge, he suggested, had been so many years in politics that perhaps he was an expert on the value which ought to be set on a legislator's cha- racter, and so he only awarded him £2 2s. damages, which so far had not been paid. He did not wish, he said, to bolster himself up on the ghosts of the departed wi and wisdom of the dead members of the O'Malley family, but stood on his own character. He then read a letter from Mr. W. Dumphy, manager of the Home lnsurance Companv, San Francisco, from which Morehead had alleged he had been discussed. The letter began "My dear King," and in it Mr. Dumphy said lie had never met Morehead, and he categorically denied the statements that person had made concerning Mr. O'Malley. Mr. Dumphy affirmed that Mr. O'Malley was in no way indebted to him or the company, and bore testimony to the fact of his trustworthi- ness and reliability, concluding with a sugges- tion that he would be glad to insure his life for 10,000 dollars. He enclosed a letter written to him by Mr. Chittleborough on October 19, 1896, in his capacity as secretary of what Mr. O'Malley somewhat bitterly des- cribed as "that Christian, progressive and exalted Licensed Victuallers' Associalion, which pretended to have nothing to do with Morehead." Mr. Dumphy also sent the answer forwarded to Mr. Chittleborough on December 9, in which he stated that Mr. O'Malley was a Canadian, and wrote of him as an energetic worker of marked ability, strictly honest, entirely reliable and trustworthy. "Why," asked Mr. O Malley with warmth, "was that letter suppressed by the associa- tion?" and members cheered lustly, as they did afterwards when he asserted that it is the duty of the House to protect its members. He states that he will move to have Mr. Chittleborough brought before the bar as soon as possible, and he accused the Licensed Victual- lers' Association of being behind "the wilful malignant perjuries of Moorehead." He also asserted that Messrs. Aldridge, Jene, and Heming had supplied Morehead with money to fight the action in the Supreme Court. "Every dog has its day, and this is my day," he said, "The cats have their nights." "Well I know it,"' interjected Mr. Wood, fervently. He has evidently been kept awake lately. Mr. O'Malley finally challenged the police to enforce the Sunday closing law which now he asserts is flagrantly violated. Later in the afternoon Mr. Mortlock congratulated Mr. O'Malley and said he was exceedingly glad that he had cleared himself for, though he dislikes his politics, he looks on him as a friend. The House loudly cheered this generous speech. 