VsV t 4* . - i - % Weapons of Mystery. CHAPTER XVII. U81NO TnE ENEMY'S WEAV0N8. ' 1 have not.' ,' ' Conld yon obtain one ?,' ' I think not,' 'But this man bas been seen by many people. Oonld not some one you know, and who knows hiin, sketch a faithful Iikenes3 from memory V ' I do not know of any one.' ' Then I could not guarantee io find him. You see, I cannot work miraele3. I can only work through certain laws which I have been fortunate enough cither to recognize or discover ; bnt tliero mast even be eomo data upon which to go, and, yon see, yon give me none that is in the least satisfactory.' 'Perhaps yon can,' I said, ' if I re lato to you all tb8 circumstances con nected with what is, I think, a some what remarkable story. I had determined to tell this little man evory oircunslanco which might lead .to , Kaffar's discovery, especially those which happened in Yorkshire. It seemed my only lesonrce, and! Felt that somehow something would come of it, I therofore briefly related what I have written in this story. ' Mat man who mesmcri^d you is very clever,' said the professor quietly, when I had finished. ' It was very un fortunate for you that you should have ' matched yourself with aoch a one. His plot was well worked in every, respect. - He only made a mistake in one thing.' 'And that?' ' He thought it impossible that you shovld ever bo freed from his power without his consont. Sti'l it was a well planned affair. The story, the ghost, the quarrel' — it was all well done.' ' I fail to see what part the ghost had in tho matter,' I 83id.J ?? The professor . smiled. ' No ?' he said. ' Well, I should not think it was a vital part of his plan, but it, was help ful. He calcuiated upon the young lady's' superstitious fancies, Ue knew what tho partiular form in which the ghost appeared portended, and it fitted in with bis scheme of murder. Evidently lie wanted the youug lady to believe iu your guilt, and thus give him greater chance of: success; Ah, he is a clever man.' ' But,' I asked anxiously, ' can you tell me Kaffar's whereabout now ?' ? 'No, I cannot— tfrat is, not to-day.' 'When, then ?' ' I may not be able to' do so af all. : It ' all depends on one: man:'; ???;:;. r-. 4 ???r;-; » Whois he':?' :rJ- ';i ^f'tf. i ?? ' Simon SlowdenV I thiukyou'- called ' him.' .;..._... ..;.,. ,...;,.J1^^t^,J^^ ' Simon Slowden ! Uow can he lielp us?'' . 'Evidenly the is suscepitble to mes meric inflnencea, and he knows the man you wish to find. But the difficulty lies here. Is he sufficiently susceptible?' ' 13 that tho only hope ?' .??All I can see at proscut.. I was going to suggest that you be thrown into a mesmeric sleep; but you could not be depended on. The experiences which you have had would mako you very uncertain.' ' Then your advice is— —-—'.'.. ' Send for this man at once. If be fails— well, I have another alternative.' 'May I know what ?' ;; ?/.:.:, v '. 'No, not now.' ? ' ' Answer me this. Do you think I . killed Kafiar. the Egyptian ?' . ' No, I do not ; but your enemy in tended you should.' *' Why did I not, then?' . . ; -- ' Because the Egyptian also possessed a mesmerist's power, and hindered you. At any rate, such is my opinion. I am not sure;' and the littlo man looked very wise. ' Expect us early to-morrow morn ing,' I said, nnd then went away to the nearest telegraph office, with a lighter heart than I had known for many long months.. The littlo professor had given me Bom'o hope. The matter was still enshrouded in mystery, but stjll I thought I had found a possible solntion. '?!* Send Simon Slowdeu to mo at once,' 1 telographed. ' Extremoly important. Wire back immediately the time I may expect him.' ?Anxiously I waited for an answer. Although tho message had (lashed with lightning speed it seemed a long time in coining. At longlh it came, and I read as follows : ' Slowden wi-1 con.o by train leaving Leeds 11.38. Meet him at St. Pan eras.' I immediately caught a cab and drove to Gower-strect, and, 0.1 looking at my timetable, I found that the train men tioned arrived in London at 5.15. Tin's would do splendidly. I could get Simon to my room and give him some breakfast and then, after a little rest, drive direct to the professor's. I need not say I was early at St. Pancras the following morning. I had scarcely slept through tho night, and anxiously awaited' the appearance of the train. It swept into the station io good timo, and, to my great relief and deligh: I saw Simon appear on the platform, looking as stolid and imperturbable as ever. We wero not long in reaching Gower streot, where Simon enjoyed a good breakfast, after which wo drew up our chairs before tho cheerful fire and bvsjan to talk. ' Did you have a good journey, Simon ?' I asked. ' Slept like tho seven sleepers of the patriarch, sur, all the way from Leod^.1' ' And you don't fee] tired now V ' Not a bit, yer honor.' ; '.'Then,' I said, ?' I want 16 explain to you a few things that must have ap peared strange.' Accordingly I told him of Voltaire's influence over me, and what came out of i5. ; {To be Continued.) 