THE ORGANIST'S GHOSTS. ._-_ fe It maa Easbertime. The rafters of the _ old church had echoed the merry laughter and chatter of the young people , all the- evening. Light spin te had' eli cobed here and there decorating 'the thne-worn oak with long garlands pf ' green attd-ftowers. Happy yoong people they were, and it gave me pleasure to1 wat* Aera., «safer -ca** had fjeeaj rehearsed lor the. lau v omet <û»d new the* lights wei* turned out and tiró young - people, had gone. . Faint voices on the. -oool-'ingbjt: air broker through: tee- deep tones ot the J I organ- as mn fingers-pressed the keys. 11 i played softly to eaton the cheery- good. - nights- asi they- oame> bade to «ne, ar«H then, falling into a reverie, thalaatiiours * of the day slipped away. Hïsstàj ï ieffcr; the keyboard, and with lingering eteps - slcwly felt my way down the- narrow steins of the organ loft.-I walked ups the broad aîslev-now a ditsfey. green with .« 1 the-decorations- is the sombre darkness \ot> tho- deserted church. Tue windi ; moaned low and*'- ominous, and then¿ ~ gathering force, it shrieked and whistled ;*. r*B it- swept by-the-Windows. With a\ I shiver I drew «ny. coat closer about me,-, and-giying a lastslobk round started to - move down- the aisle and go home A . noiee. startled me* and my hanoV grasped the back o£< a »pew. What was-< it-P A-sound, but surely «ot . the organ!. I glanced- up. at the pipes-1 loved eo - much,. but~they were lost in-.. the -deep * shadow. Yet I heard it plainly. There it was again! Aâow deep -note, followed -:: by.a-second one. Twrnblmglyi brushed^ my hand acrosevmy face- and tried ta ; think. No, one was up theres of thai 3 I was-po8Ítivo¿-aud yet what was. touch- - iug,. the- . keys ! Ghosts? Something t seemed to whisper the name to me.- Tbs - thought jangled in my head. It. sent 'chill aitèr chul through me-me whoôUd '. nok believe-in ghosts; I tiied to laugh the thought away, -but it waa. useless. - Vague fears of white clad figures - assailed-me. The solemn voice of fte < bell in ? the tower-clock now began ¡ to toll the hour of midnight and the old . church reverberated-to its deep* tones. They had an uncanny sound, jura as the - notes boomed out I stood rooted to the - spot powerless. A sense of - shame for my fear -crept over me,-and when the last echo died" away I started forward. . I had moved a step when- a curious, jumble .ofc notes from the organ stopped me. - ltsoundedJ as though a hand nad been suddenly pressed onto the-, key*- and then' with- drawn. I waited to hear. it. again, but. instead there came a fearful clatter* and than a-crash of glass, followed by a tink- ling sound., and what seemÜB> like a J shriek. TrkHwughly frightened I -clung ?to one of the pew backs. The organ loft had a fascinaition for--me, and I staved into -its black depths-unable to take- my eyeeaway. r could see notiimg in tte ôSmmess,jandthis served*o intensify my feaiv. Breiy moment J expected some- thing to appear, but. what* I did not know. Outeide the wind bowled with ua ceasing force, and it seemed as if I now felt its cold sweeping around me. Sud denby the church grew brighter, and streams of strange bluish light crept' slowly along th» edge of the organ loft. I watched it'- in fear as it stole higher and higher, until its beams spread across the--front of- the organ. What waa that? My mouth grew dry aud my knees shook. What were those tall blue white shadows in the choir loft which wei« waving afc .me ? They were point- ing at me-mocking me. " Ghosts !" I whispered, hoarsely, and then I shrieked aloud and clung to the pew back, while my voice echoed among, the rafters; Now they were growing red and green, always pointing at me. I grew mad with fear, and shrieked again and again. Athousand voices answered me, and with a bound I leaped over the pews and sped down the aisle. As I did BO one of the ghosts jumped from thc loft, nearly striking me. I dodged it and ' lushed through the swinging door out into tim vestibule. The big. outside door would not open. I wept and raved, tugging at the handles, but they did not yield. Then I thought of the bell-rope-the bell. It would sound the alarm, toke mad I ran to the little room. If people -heard the bell they surely would come. As. I dashed open, the door of the room a patter -of-light feet and an unearthly howl sounded -right behind me. I stumbled and fell forward unconscious. When I came to it was daylight, and I as I slowly rose I recalled the horrors of the night. With daylight, however, my : fears had vanished, and I walked into the church, ashamed of my terror. One of the windows near the organ loft had blown open, breaking the glass. I now understood that mysterious crash of glass and tinkling sound of the night, and with a. nervous little laugh I also recognised my temblé ghosts. They were nothing more than a few music-stands for. the Easter orchestra. The young people had carelessly thrown, over thenreeme of the white cloths they had been using.. One of the stands was lying across - the backs of the pews beneath the organ loft. Tina was the one that jumped at me, doubtless blown over by a puff of wind. A glance at tits stained glass window, through which the early morning sun was shining, explained the colored lights, only the moon s rays had made them more awesome. % laughed at my foolishness. But what about the organ ? That worried me, and I sprang up the stairs to investigate, Curled up on the bench was the tridi dog belonging to tile JÊre-house down the street. How he got into the church I don't know, but it was his paws that pushed down the ¿ceys of the organ, and it vas bis howls and pattering feet that helped to frighten me. I felt very much inclined to punish him, but instead 1 patted him Trindly and left ths.AKtiroh.-~ «met ffeW 3b*a» - 