OPJBHA HOUSE. Mb Faeuct/s endeavor* to provide Sydney with good Bngiiah opera at popular price* proved an nnfthanVfnl task. From early in the season the ghost got rheumatics in Uie knees and wouldn't walk worth a red cent. While tbe rent and gas bills were provided for with commendable regularity, the poor artista soon found themselves tolling fairy tales to their boarding ndssus, and stars like Miss May Gtondenaing, Miss Hand late and Messrs tUnumaen and Tt»gi*H »»n- »*'i»-1g to collect their very taeagre salary, gang they never so sweetly. Aad that they did. beyond a question. Mfes OlendenningiuS her htoband, 'Mr MiteheH, walked sadly oot week before kat, aas\ prettjy , Miss Liia worked like a hoiae to keep things going. To produce 'IITrovatore,' a fsesh offier was made to the qoesnly aad tuneful MiasOhw denning, who only lacks fair onortanity to become actually great ; lor shs&as; asnperb stage presenoe and a most excellent voice and good gesture. She went faaok on Xhuzs day night and sang Leonora's diffialt part, and anted it tecysicet admirabb. She diSenlt and heavy opening scena 'The Night was Calm,1 woke a dnU, thin house, and whan she came to the aria aad cavatina 'Ah, me, to Xiovel' she cused a perfect furore, .Miss Crlendenning should certainly get a chance to prove her tins worth. Miss Lita, setting aside her stiff acting and gestnns, made a perfect success, vocally, of Aznoena and ihedoet' Home to Our Mountains' waa never sang better In Sydney than it wait by this young artSste aad Hramonaoa on Thnii day night. Friday night (here was mare financial trouble. B vary 'lead 'in turn tod wordy warfaKWrth an obdurate 'ghost 'and the opening was delayed to 8.30, and then there was a wait of 26 minutes between the second and third acte. Farley went home with rlmnmatiiin (caught off the ghost, no doubt) on Thursday, and appeared no-more. Fred England took his place as the Count, and sang 'The Tempest of the Heart' superbly. And then the curtain fell on one more sad faunre to induce Sydney to patro niae good local talent 