The Filibuster Steamer Commodore. Uer Loss Described by Mr. S. Crane. Not long ago the cable brought us news of theloss of the ' Commodore ' while endeavoring to convey arms and ammunition to tho men strug- gling for Cuban independence. On board, were several newspaper cor- respondents, including Mr. Stephen Crane, the author of the ' Red Badge of Courge,' which attracted no small amount of attention in this country last year, while in America it was the year book of tho year. The Chicago Record, containing Mr. Crane's account of his adventure on the filibustering steamer, is just to hand. It seems that the 1 Com- modore' was unlucky from the very start. She sailed on New Years Eve, but no sooner had she left her moorings than a thick fog settled down on the river. Twice she ran aground, and when after consider- able delay she got clear, she put to sea in the teeth of a terrible gale. But Mr. Crane must tell his experi- ences in his own words : ' Finding it impossible to sleep,' he says, ' I went to the pilot-bouse. An old seaman' named Tom Smith was then at the wheel. In the darkness I could not see Tom's face, except at those times when' ho leaned forward to scan the compass, and- the dim light from the box came upon his weather-beaten features. THE LIFEBOAT WAS SLUNG ready for launching, and gradually the horrors of the night increased. 'Now, tho whistle of the " Com- modore had been turned loose, and if ever there was a voice of despair and death it was in the voice of this whistle. It had gained a new tone, It was as if its throat was already choked by tho water, and this cry on tho pea at night, with the wind blowing tho spray over tho ship, and . the waves roaring over the bow and swirling white along the decks, was to each of us prob- ably a song of man's end. It was now that tue first mate showed a sign of losing his grip. To us who were trying in all stages of com- petence and experience to launch the lifeboat he raged in all terms of fiery satire and hammer-like abuso. But the boat moved at last and swung down towards the water. * Afterwards. ' "Well, Tom," said I, " how do you like filibustering?" Ho said: "I think I am about done with it. I've been in a number of these expedi- tions, and the payisgood, but I think if I over get back safe this time I will cut it. ' I sat down in the corner of the ?ilot-house, and went almost to sleep, n the meantime the captain came on duty, and ho was standing near me when the chief engineer rushed up tho stairs and cried out hurriedly that - . I THERE WAS SOMETHING "WBONG in tue engine-room. Ile and the captain departed "' swiftly. I was drowsing there in my corner when tho captain returned, and, going to the door pf tho little room directly back to the pilot-house, cried to the Cuban leader:'Say, can't you get thoso fellows to work ? 1 can't talk their language, and 1 can't got them started ; como on and got them going." ' The Cuban leador turned to me then, and said : " Go and help in the fire-room ;. they aro going to bale with buckets." ' After considerable baling and vain attempts to got tho pumps to work, tho novelist was compelled to roturn to the deck, hoing unable to boar the heat of the furnace-room. ' Then after a deal of hauling "WHEN I "WENT AFT", I saw the captain standing with his arms in a sling, holding on to a stay with his one good hand and directing the launching of tho boat. He gave mo a five- gallon keg of water to hold, and asked mo what I was going to do. I told him what I thought was about the proper ' thing, and ne told me then that the cook had the samo idea, and ordered mo to go forward and be ready to launch the 10 feet dingy. I remomborod very well that he turned then to swear at a coloured stoker who was prowling about dono up in life-proservers until ho looked like a feather-bed. ' I went forward with * my five gallon keg of water, and when tho captain came wo launched tho dingy, and they put me 'Over tho side to fend her off from the ship with an oar. They hauled me down tho water jug, and then tho cook came into the "boat, and we sat there in tho darkness wondering why, by all our hopes of futuro happiness, tho captain was so long in coming over tho sido ,and ordering us away from tho doomed ship.' Finally the throe boats on board wore successfully launched, the dingy containing the novelist, captain, cook, and ono individual of no par- ticular description, but known ns Billy Higgins. All night long they lay alongside THE SINKING « COMMODORE,' with such feelings as may be imag- ined, So far, filibustering had not booti lacking ' in excitement, but it was not of a martial character. ' When carno tho groy shade of dawn the form of the " Commodore" grow slowly clear to us as our little 10-feot boat roso over each swell. She was floating with such an air of buoyancy that wo laughed when wo had time, and said " What a joke it would be if she didn't sink at all !" ' But later wo saw men aboard of her, and later still they began to hail us. I forgot to mention that pre- viously we had loosened tho ona of the lend lino and dropped much further to looward; tho mon on board wore a mystery to us, of course, as wo had seen ail tho boats leave tho ship. We rowed back to tho ship, but did not approach too near, because wo wore four mon in a 10 feot boat, and wo know that tho touch of a hand on pur gunwalo I would assuredly sink us. The' first mute cried out from the ship that the third boat had foundered along- side. He cried that they had made rafts and wished us to tow them. The captain said " All right." Their rafts were floating astern. . " Jump in,'' CRIED THE CAPTAIN ; but here was a singular and most harrowing hesitation. There were - five white _ men and two negroes. This scene in the grey light of morn- ing impressed one as would a view into some place where ghosts move slowly. These seven men on tho stern of the sinking "Commodore" were silent. Save the words of tho mate to the captain there was no talk. Here was death, but here also was a most singular and.indefinable kind of fortitude. Four men, I re- member, clambered over the railing and stood there watching tho cold steoly sheen of the sweeping waves.' Mr. Crane then goes on to describe the abandonment of the sinking steamer. An attempt was made, by attaching a lino from the dingy^to the raft, to tow the latter from tho side of tho fast-settling ' Commodore' But it was an impossible task. Here is the novelist's description of what followed : I ' Suddenly the boat began to go backward, and then wo Baw the negro stoker on the raft pulling on tho lino, hand over hand, and drawing us to him. He had turned into a demon. He was wild-wild as a tiger. Ho was crouched on his raft, and ready to spring. Every muscle of him seemed turned into an elastic spring. His eyes were almost white. His face was tho face of a lost man reaching upward, and wo knew that the weight of his hand on our gun- wale doomed us. Tho cook let go the line. . We rowed round to see if we could not get a lino from the chief engineer, and all this time, mind you, there were NO SHRIEKS, NO GROANS, but silence, silence, and silence. And then tho " Commodore" sank. She lurched to windward,. thon_ swung far back, righted, and dived into tho sea, and the rafts wore suddenly swallowed by this frightful maw of the ocean. And then by tho men on the 10 feet dingy were words said that they wero still not words-some- thing far beyond_ words.' Tho four survivors turnod for tho shore, and after 30 hours" their little boat was swamped in the surf as they drew near Daytona. When throe of them had boon dragged by a friendly hand in safety on to tho beach, they looked round and saw Billy Higgins lying abovo tho water- line, faco downwards, in tho sand. Ho was dead. 