ASSAULT-AT-ARMS AND CONCERT. A large and fashionable audience as sembled at the School of Arts last nighi to witness the performance arranged by tbe local Mounted Rifles. The principal portion of the entertainment comprised exhibitions of sword exercise, bayonet v. bayonet, club swinging, sword v. sword, and musical drill by the members of tb- local company assisted by Molong com rades. All the items wore well uarneu uui-, uua iouuu great lavor with the audience. Scattered through out, the programme were vopoI items by local atnatonrs. Pinsuti's ol-i favorite, ' Queen of the Earth,'1 wa given in capital etylu by Captain Had son. Mr. Sid Tnrrell brought down the house wiih comic effects, and he well deserved the applause so libprally be stowed. Miss Blaxland secured an un deniable encore for her item (the accom paniment of which was daintily rendered by Miss Kite), and responded with 'I don't want to play in your yard,' given with charming naivete and cbic. Mr. J, M. Tait contented himself with bowing encore for his delivery of ' I'll conquer or die.' Mr. Kite was twice encored for ' Ghosts on the brain,' given with n swing wanting in many younger as pirants to honors in tbe comic line. Buglers Oaly and Jone3 created a good impression bj their manipulation of their instruments. Miss Kite accom panied charmingly. During nn intermission Lance Corporal Cashman was presented with n purse of sovereigns and a gold medal, subscribed by his numerous admirers. Captain Machattie praised his persever ance and military attainments in no stinted terms, stating that his inclusion was due to his own achievements in his work, wilhout.any influence from without. Mr. J. Boyd, in making the prosenta tion, alluded to Mr. Casbraan's many sterling qualities, testified to by the 3upport so liberally given by the people who hod known him since his childhood. Mr. Cashman suitably replied. Two of Mr. Gladstone's oldest Parlia mentary friends aro now Mr. Villiors and Sir Isaac Holden. All three of those wonderful men seem to havo a fair chance of living to be a hundred. Sir Isaac's health broke down some thirty yoare ago, but , happily not for long. Another wonderful old man is the Pope. Dr. .Lappeni, his physician, is persuaded that there is nothing to prevent him ljyipg : fivg;Bcp_re years.. ..' ,;. ;..,;. 