SPOUTING NOTES FltOM YICT0KIA. THE CAULPIULD GEAND NATIONAL. THE S1EEPLECIUSE A FA1LUEE. An Ontsldor Wins— Hoeing at Goclong. Gossip of the Woek. (Br ' Ajax.') Melbootine, Monday. The Caulfiold four miles Grand National Stooplechase this year turned out a rank failure. Tho heavy rain had mado the course holding, and after cutting up the ground and causing it to bo vory slippery in tho first two rounds, tho horses toppled over at an alarming rate, leaving only two out of olevon to finish. If tho winnor had beon one of tbo well-backed horses tho general public would probably then havo regarded tho rnco as of more interest. The Tasnianian Britoinarto, who won, was, howovor, a rank outsider, and tho victory was received very tamely. Britom.irto hns Bhown fairly good form since her arrival in Victoria, but backors did not liko her jockey, J. Law, who is not exactly an artist. He can got a horso ovor a fence all right, and with Britoinarto ho simply had to sit still and lot the maro win. Sho only had Zouvoff to battle against at the finish, and Zouroff tired a lot in tho final struRglo. ' Britoinarto was undoubtedly in good condition, and Bho is a stayer, but if tho others had stood up I think she would have boon outside tho firat lour or five.' A mile from homo nothing was going better than Scout, but ho fell the.ro through slip ping. With a stand up, , I think ho would have won. Viftil, who was in groat demand nt the last moment, was the vory first to fall, and Confidence, usually a safe con veyance, came down at the next obstacle, and badly injured his shoulder. Tho Hurdlo Eaco, which commenced pro coodiugs at the Caulliold meeting, wont to Boll Metal, who, at the last moment, was favorite. I do not think thoro wero many goers in the race, so too much signiiicanco need not be attached to the win, though possibly. Bell Metal will turn out use ful; Jimmy King made a roturn to the saddle in this raco, riding Blitz. In bis day King was a great horseinau, but whon jockoys get out of practice a novice can very frequently boat them. Two horses woll known iu Sydney, Tho Gun and Irish Stew, ran, but both shaped badly. Irish Stow finished absolutely last. The Omii Plate, tho first division of a divided handicap, wont to Hera, who won oasily from Croustadt, tho favorite. Cron stadt's form was, as mauy expectod, a great improvement on that shown by him on tho previous Saturday, but Hera, who wns very well handicapped, carried too many guns for him. - Lady Loch rau vory woll for a certain distance in this race, and should shortly bo returned a winnor. Koha was again backed, bnt ran badly, and so did Dowry, who was in good demand at tho finish. Waraka, who is by, Malun, and in ?Tames Kodfearn's stable, easily accounted for the Oma Purse, starting a good favorite. Eugene ran much better than ho did tho previous Saturday, but had no chance with Waraka at tbe finish. Danubo was ex pected to run well, but ho shaped dis appointingly, and so did Vanity, a Boz marej who was well backed. Several Cup horses wore seon out in tho Malakoff S takesat Caulfiold, and oue of them, Kosella, got home. The going and disUuco suited her admirably. She was very nicely ridden by Bobby Lewis, and just boat Trout aftor an interesting finish. Trout is hardly wound up ybt, but I expect him to run forward iu ono of tho Cups. Ho stays well. Tho great disappointment of tho race was Wait-a-Bit, who started equal favorito with Trent. Ho ran unkindly throughout and finished no nearer than sixth in a field of ten. He has rathor an aldermauic appearance, aud will uo doubt show a bit better form a Little later on. He ia quite forward enough at present for a Mol bourne Cup horse. Devon ran well for a time and will 'yet; win another raco, and so will Loyalty, though Foulshnm is desirous of selling him. The meutiug was brought to a close with tho Woltor Handi cap, which was one of the softest things ovor soon on a racecourse, Halto (tho favorite) winning in a canter by a dozen lengths. He is by Malua from Lady Vou goance, and is owned by Mr. Porcy Chirn side, of the Worriboo. Malto is a fino looking horse and is a groat galloper. Ho is iu tho two Cups at a light weight. Table Talk, who ran socond, is a full sister to Cauoona. Tho club would clear a profit ou tho mooting, but owing to the bad weathor on tho concluding day the atten dance wns .very much affected, and the ruceipts wore in cousequenco muoh lowor than expected. The club is, however, well off, and could stand a number of rainy days without fooling the effects to any appre ciable oxtent. . . . , Tho Goolong Bncing Club has recontly heon rovivod, and a mooting under uew management was hold last Wednesday. It was very successful. An onergotic com mittee has been got togctbor, with plenty of go. Visitors from Melbourne were well entertained, champagne flowing freely all the afternoon. The St. Albans stable won a couple of races, White Veil, who was bred in South Australia, and is by The Englishman from Convont, taking tho Trial Handicap and Miss Carbino the St. Albans Handicap, the latter race being run ovor a mile and u quarter. Both winners wore riddon by a stable boy namod Mauning, who promises to turn out smart. He rodo Eleusivo to victory at Caullleld. Miss Carbine is by Carbine from that good mare Wilga. ? Sho only scrapod home, and is not, I am afraid, too good. Yarrow (by Niagara) ought to have won the Hurdlo K;wo, but lost hnlf-a-dozon lengths by run ning down the second last flight of hurdles, aud Orion, who is in tho Soult stable, beat him by a nock. Nudity won tho Barwou ? Handicap. Ho travelled rather peculiarly iu tho market, but when youug JBobby Lowis is up backers can put thoir money dowu with confidence that thoy will gob a straight run. Nudity won vory easily, with the St. Albans pair White Vest aud Strathspey in the places. Nipper got home in tho Stooplechase simply through H. TJndorwood's good riding, Bal umghie, the favorite, being boaten by tbo shortost of heads. Doctor foil iu this raco aud broko his neck. How many more jumpers are wo going to kill? The Trot wus won by Scorpion by nearly two furlongs. Think of it! Thoro is, how over, a protest against him on the ground that ho is not the horse he is represented to be. ; . -?.'?-. .... Probably the first foal of the season is the sister to the Adelaide winner, Hainault, born at Moutoneafow days after tbe season commenced. A lot of unploasautuoss has been caused over tho Eosolla-His Grace raco at Men tono Inst week. The ruu-ofl' was won by Kosolla by a bead simply becauso of Browor's generalship. He loft M'Laugblin ou His Grace a Blight opening ou tho rails, but not suflloient to get through. M'Laughlin foolishly tried to take advan tage oi it, and was, of courso, blocked, Ho then entered a protest, -which, owing to oue of the stewards have an interest in tho race, and another having left the courso, could not como on for consideration until a couplo of days afterwarda, In tho meantime M'Laughlin wrote to the stewards withdrawing the protest. Tho stewards insisted on hit atten dance as well as that of B.iity, the owner of tho horso, to hoar their reasons. They stated that, after furthor considera tion, thoy did not think there was sufficient ground to sustain a protest. All this, especially in the faco of the rumors that worn flying about, looked very bad, but mattors wero mado worse whon tho stowards allowed tho protest to bo withdrawn (thoy had power undor tho rules of racing to havo insisted on its being proceeded with) and simply forfeited tho £5 lodged with it. When thoro was so much monoy at stake and so many rumors Hying nbont tho stewards woro certainly to blame in tho mattor, and their action emphasises onco more the nocessity for paid stewards. The caso is not to be allowed to drop hero, as tho Stipendiary Btowardis reporting the mattor to tho VJt.C. committee, who may tako action. As regards the alleged interference, I do not think there was any thing in it, and tho protest could not havo boon sustained had it been investigated. That, howovor, is not tho paint. Protests should not be withdrawn iu such a manner as this without tbe matter being probed to tho bottom. The Findon Harriers aro run/ by Mr. 'Bert' Millor, son of Mr. Albert Millor, of Kedleap famo, and as the Oaklands and Melbourne Hunt Club get three days for racing, the IFindon Harriers havo beon given a Saturday, and will race at Caul field. Extraordinary intorosfc is being taken iu the event, particularly becauso Government H01130 is taking nn active part in it. Lady Brassoy, the Hon. Mrs. Frooman Thomas, and tho Hon. Dorothy Brand are amongst those who aro to have nominations for the Ladies' Bracelet, which will probably attract a vory largo entry. Thoy will, I fancy, nominate boiiio of the Messrs. Miller's horses. At any rate oight of the Mill Park horses havo boon pro mised to different peoplo for tho raco. Thero aro to be two races for amateurs, including a steeplechase for hunters. The largest field over seen in Australia was in connection with a Ladies' Bracelet raco at Caulfield. It attracted 42 runners and was won by The Ghost, Sir Rupert Clarke, tho new baronet, is an enthusiastic pigeon shot. Under tho name of 'Eiak' ho shot in tho Caulfield National Handicap at tho Melbourne Gun Club meeting last Friday, and was the principal prize-taker with 16 birds. He shot from tho 21yds mark. Mr. T. Lester, tba woll-known member of tho ring, won the competition for a Boswell gun. Sir 'Rupert Clnrko boiug socond. An 'off' mooting will tako placo at Floinington next Saturday. My fancios are:— HUDDLE EACE : NOEA CEEINA« „ ... _ . 1 Blitz ... ... ... ... ...*2 Belii Metal... ... .'.,.. . _ 't'3 SHOW HANDICAP..1 EUGENE ... ? ... 1 Blob Blood... „ ? ™ „ , 2 ? White Veil ? M' 3 STEEELE CHASE : VOTAET ... ... «.. '?.. 1 Flat Lion ._ „ ... M V.SS Nippeb ? _/'3 AUGUST HANDICAP:' TEENT ... ... : ... _ 1 OANOONA _ ? ... ,;2 SONUUEY ? ... ... 3 THEEE AND FOUR-YEAE-OLD HANDICAP: ELEU3IVE „ ... „?. _ .1 Edqune ... ... ... . .„ ? i! . Lusher ... ... ... .-, 3 WELTE1J HANDICAP : THE HALL. ? ... ... .1 Twist ? .. _ ...''2 Nudity „ ... ? 3 Eose Noble was to-day sold to Sir EuporL Clarke for 41gs. Tho Grand 'Plauour.geld- ing is to bo shipped to India. [Bt Wiee.] Melbouenk, Tuesday Night. Mora has beon backed for tho Molbourno Cup to win about £10,000 at 100 to fl. She is now favorite for monoy at 100 to 0, though nominally Aurum is quoted a bettor favorito. ????.??-? It bus been definitely decided to send Mora to Sydney: to compote at tho A.J.C. Spring Meeting. lied Eagle, who won at Meutono last week, has beon sold to Sir Eupert Clarko. for shipmout to India. . . Bonaparte, another horse bred: in Tas mania, has been sold to Mr. J. Gore lor shipment to India. Deposed was vory lame after running in the Hurdlo Eaceut Cuulfiold ou Saturday. ; Towrang has arrived at Fioinington from Sydnoy, and will bo trainod by H. Under wood. ' Tho woll-known amateur athlete, Mr. J, A. Manning, died ou Monday. 