Catholic Notes. Encyclical Letter for Pentecost, 1897. To Our Venerable Brethren, THE PATRIARCHS, PRIMATES, ARCHBISHOPS, BISHOPS, AND OTHER LOCAL ORDINARIES ' HAVING PEACE AND COMMUNION WITH THE HOLT SEE. (Concluded.) LEO XIII., POPE. ON DEVOTION TO THE HOLY GHOST. , These sublime , truths, which so clearly show forth the infinite goodness of the Holy Ghost towards us, certainly demand that we should direct towards Him the highest homage of our love and devotion. Christians may do this most effectually if they will daily strive to know Him, to love Him, and to implore Him more earnestly; for which reason may this Our exhortation, flowing spontaneously • from a paternal heart, reach their ears. Perchance there are still to be found among them, even nowadays, some, who if asked, as were those of old- by St.: Paul. the Apostle, whether they have received the Holy Ghost, might answer in like manner: " We have not so much as heard whether there be a Holy Ghost " (Acts xix., 2). At least there are certainly many who are very deficient in their knowledge of Him. They frequently use His name in thei religious practices, but their faith is in volved in much darkness,. Wherefore all preachers and those having care of souls should remember that. it is their duty to instruct their people more diligently and more fully about the Holy Ghost—avoid ing, however, difficult and subtle con troversies, and eschewing. the dangerous follies of those who rashly endeavor to pxy into divine mysteries. What should be chiefly dwelt upon .unci, clearly ex plained is the multitude and greatness of the benefits which have been bestowed, and are constantly bestowed, upon us! by this Divine Giver, so that errors and ignorance concerning matters of. such moment may be entirely dispelled, as un worthy of "the children of light." ,We urge tnis, not only because it affects a mystery by'which we are directly guided to eternal life, and which must therefore be firmly believed ; but also because the more clearly and fully the good is. known the more earnestly, it is loved. Now we owe to the Holy Ghost, as we mentioned in the second place, love, because He is God; " Thou shall love the Lord thy God with thy whole heart, and with thy whole soul, and with thy whole strength " (Deut. vi., 5). He is also to be loved because He is the substantial, eternal, primal Love, and nothing is. more lovable than love. And this is all the more because He has overwhelmed us with the greatest benefits, which both testify to the benevo lence of ±he Giver and claim the gratitude of thejj^eiver.', This love has atwofold and most conspicuous, utility. In the first place it will excite us tb acquire daily. a clearer knowledge about the Holy Ghosi:; for, as "the Angelic^Doctor'says,' " the lover is not content with the super ficial knowledge of the beloved, but striveth to inquire intimately into all that appertains to the beloved, and thus to penetrate into the interior ; as is said of the Holy Ghost, Who is the Love, ipf God; that JHe searchpth open the profound things of God1' (i. Cor. ii., 10) ; Sutton. Them:, la., 2ae., q. 28, a. 2). In the second place it will obtain for us a still mdre abundant supply,of heavenly gifts ; lor whilst a narrow heart contracteth the hand of the'giver, a'grateful and mindful heart pauseth it tp expand. Yet we must strive that' this' love should be of such a nature as not to consist merely in dry speculagcm^ exte^J-^bsesvMme^ljut rathei, t^jnu^r\ra*rd;tpw»^. wtfon,«and especially to fly Tromsin,%mich isJ»_a. mo^^^ecial manner offensive to t^^Soly^ Ghd&t.; Tlie sinner offen|sfttyH| Bei*^| ' factor, abusing His gifts; and taking advantage of His goodness becomes more hardened in sin day ' by day. Again, •since He is the' Spirit of Truth, whoso ever faiieth by weakness or ignorance may perhaps have some -excuse before Almighty God; but he who resists the truth through malice land turns away from it, sins most grievously against the Holy Ghost, In our days this sin has become so frequent that.those dark times seem to have come which were foretold by St. Paul, in which men, blinded by the just judgment of God, should take falsehood for truth, a.id should believe in "the prince of' this world," who is a liar and the father thereof, as a teacher of truth : "God shall send them' the Operation of error, to believe lying (2 Thess. ii:, 10). In the last times some shall depart Irom the faith, giving heed to spirits of error and the doctrines of devils" (1 Tim. iv., 1). But since . the Holy Ghost, as we have said, dwells in us as in His temple, We must repeat the warning of the Apostle: " Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed" (Eph. iv., 30). Nor is it enough to fly from sin, every.Christian ought to shine with the splendor of virtue, so as to be pleasing to so great and so beneficent a guest; and first of all with chastity and holiness, for chaste and holy things befit the temple. Hence the words of the Apostle : " Know you not that you are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you ? But if any man violate the temple of God, him shall God destroy. For the temple of God is holy, which you are " (1 Cor. iii., 16-17): a terrible thing, indeed, but a just warning. Lastly, we ought to pray to and invoke the Holy Spirit, for each one of us greatly needs His protection and His help. The more a man is deficient in wisdom, weak in strength, borne down with trouble, prone to sin, so ought he the more to fly to Him who is the never-ceasing fount of light, strength, consolation, and holiness. And chiefly that first requisite of man, the forgiveness of sins, must be sought for from Him-: '■ It is the special charac ter of the Holy Ghost that He is the Gift of the father and the Son. Now the re mission of sins is given by the Holy Ghost as by the Gift of God" (Summ. Th. 3a, q. iii., a. 8, ad 3m). Concerning this Spirit the words of the Liturgy are very explicit: " For He is the remission of all sins" (Roman Missal, Tuesday after Pentecost). How He should be in voked is clearly taught by the Church, who addresses Him in humble supplica tion,. calling upon Him by the sweetest of names : " Come, Father of the poor! Come, Giver of gifts! Come, Light of our hearts ! 0, best of Consolers, sweet Guest of the soul, our refreshment I " (Hymn Vent Sanr.te Spiritus). She earnestly implores Him to wash, heal, water our minds and hearts, and to give us who trust in Him, "the merit of virtue, the acquirement of salvation, and joy everlasting." Nor can it be in any way doubted that He will listen to such prayer,: since we read the words written by His own inspiration: "TheSpirit Him self asketh for us with unspeakable groan ings." (Rom, viii., 26). Lastly, we ought confidently and continually to beg of Him to illuminate us daily more and more with His light, and inflame us with His charity : for, thus inspired with faith and love, we may press onward earnestly to wards our eternal reward, since He "is the pledge of our inheritance" (Eph. i., 14). Such, Venerable Brethren, are the teachings and exhortations which We have seen good to utter, in order to stimulate devotion to the Holy Ghost. We have no doubt that, chiefly by means of your zeal and earnestness, they will bear abundant fruit among Christian peoples. We Ourselves shall never in the future fail to labor towards so im portant an end; and it is even Our inten tion, in whatever ways may appear suit able, to further cultivate and extend this admirable work of piety. Meanwhile, as two years ago, in Our Letter Provida Matrix, We recommended to Catholics special prayers at the Feast of Pentecost, for the Re-union of Christendom, so now We desire to make certain further decrees on the same subject. AN ANNUAL NOVENA DECREED. Wherefore, We decree and command that" throughout the whole Catholic Church, this year and in every subse quent year, a Novena' shall take place before Whit-Sunday, in all parish churches, and also, if the local Ordinaries think fit, in other churches and oratories. .To all who take part, in this Novena, and duly pray ,for Our. intention, We grant for each day 'an Indulgence of seven years and seven quarantinesmoreover, a Plenary Indulgence on any one . of the days of the Novena, or on Whit-Sunday itself, or on any day during the Octave.; provided they shall .have ,received the Sacraihents of Pehance and' .the Holy Eucharist, and. devoutly, prayed for Our intention. We will that those who are ^ legjtipat&yx; prevented . from attending CJthe Nolena, 'briire irKplaees.werethe de votions cannot, in the judgment of the Ordinary, be conveniently carried out jn hserve the other condi i, We are pleased to grant, in perpetuity*, fpom toe Treasury.. of,^he ' Churclj, tfyffjj %hof9evj»r,?^aji|y;,' during the <5(ftave of _ Pentecost up to Trinity Sunday inclusive; • offer 'again, publicly pr privately, any prayers, accord ing ,to their devotion, to the Holy Ghost, and satisfy the above .conditions, shall a second time gain each of the same Indul gences. All these Indulgences We also permit to be applied to the suffrage of the souls in Purgatory. And now Our mind and heart turn back to those hopes with which We be gan, and for, the accomplishment of which We earnestly pray, and will continue to pray, to the Holy Ghost. Unite then, Venerable Brethren, your prayers with Ours, and at your exhortation let all Christian peoples add their prayers also, invoking the powerful and ever- accept able intercession of the Blessed Virgin. You know well the the intimate and wonderful relations existing between her and the Holy Ghost, so that she is justly called His Spouse. The intercession of the Blessed Virgin was of great avail both in the mystery of the Incarnation and in the coming of the Holy Ghost upon the Apostles. May she continue to strengthen our prayers with her suffrages, that, in the midst of all the stress and trouble of the nations, those divine prodigies may be happily revived by the Holy Ghost, which were foretold in the words of David : " Send forth Thy Spirit and they shall be created, and Thou shalt renew the face of the earth " (Ps. ciii., 30). As a pledge of Divine favor, and a testimony of Our affection, Venerable Brethren, to you, to your Clergy and people, We gladly impart in the Lord the Apostolic Benediction. Given at St, Peter's, in Rome, on the 9th day of May, 1897, in the 20th year of Our Pontificate. LEO XIII., POPE. 