ACADEMY OF MUSIC. “HAMLET.” It says much for the ability and close appli cation to study of Ballarat amateurs that Mr W. L. Paine and his supporters were last night enabled, with so much credit to them- selves and pleasure to their audience, to pre sent a piece which, above all others, demands from its interpreters the possession of unusual talent, intellectual force, cultured elocution, and genuine acting power. For several weeks past the capable young company have been busily employed in perfecting' arrangements for the presentation, and, under the able and experienced directorship of Mr John Hobson, their progress was extremely grati fying. The object of the effort is an excel lent one—the relief of the sufferers by the NhiU disaster —and it was somewhat dis couraging to notice the comparatively small audience. This fact, as is invariably the case on a first night, had a somewhat depressing effect, but the results achieved from an acting point of view will without doubt lead to the company receiving their well-merited reward in a crowded house to-night. The sublime tragedy has been splendidly mounted, the dresses and the stage effects being eminently suited for the enthralling scenes it is sought to portray. Mr W. L. Paine, as indicated, assumes the role of H»mlet, and his impersona tion evidences painstaking, and o ireful study. The character, it is universally ndmitted, presen's one of the most difficult ideals in the whole range of dramatic literature. There is no equivalent for it in daily life—no fi“sh and blood to study. Every attribute of Hamlet has to be drawn from the imagination, and the intellect receives no assistance save such as oan be gained from the traditions of the modern drama. Mr Paine has in a great measure succeeded in analysing the subtle phases and the smallest lights and shades of the oomplex oharsoterofthe philosophic prince in his trials of filial love, tender sympathy, and thirst for revenge under the terrible supernatural revelation of his father’s death. His acting in the play scene was especially effective, and the audience were not alow to appreciate its merits. Mr Paine has realised that the ability to deliver blauk verse with vigor and effeot and to present a digni fied bearing are not alone necessary to the successful portrayal of the part, and his acting betokened an appropriate reverence for a character like Hamlet, which has commanded the admiration and study of generations. Of course it cannot be said of him, in Coleridge’s brilliant figure, that “to see his aating in like reading Shakspeare by flashes of lightning;’’ but the popular young actor sustained the role with great credit to himself and pleasure to all who are pleased to witness and hear an intelligent presentation and rendition of Sbxkspeare’s masterpiece. The beautiful character of Ophelia was presented with grace fulooss and a charming lack of affectation by Mrs W. L. Paine. Herchange of countenance on the first allnsion in her presence to Hamlet, her lingering look at the presents as she re turned them to the giver, and her silent anguish in the latter scenes were very carefully and pleasingly represented. Mr P. C. Murray, as Claudius, king, spoke bis lines well and to the point, and his acting was in keeping wi'h bis speech. Mr J. Hobson was a most impressive ghost of Hamlet’s father, and although Horatio is generally supposed to have been about 10 years older than his friend Hamlet, Mr M. White’s playing lost nothing from his yonth, and be represented the part with oommendahle oase and spirit. Mr W. N. Wbidburn’s reading of the part of Poionious made that philosophical old gentleman, at times, appear unduly amus ing, but like Mr J. Msgrath (Laertes) he did much to snßtain the general merit. Miss A. Major as the Player Queen delivered her lines admirably, and Miss Whidbnrn played the important part of the Queen grace fully and capably, her manner and speech being well snited to requirements. Mr Tom Little infused a good deal of unctuous humor into the character of the First Gravedigger, and Mr A. Flohm displayed his olocu tionarv powers to advantage as the First Player. The other parte were capably sustained as follows : —Bosonorantz, Mr H. Seidel: Guildenstern, Mr F. Jordan; Osric, Mr W. Mitchell: Marcellas, Mr Her man; Bernardo, Mr Harris; Francisco, Mr Joy; Seoond Player, Mr Williams; Second Gravedigger, Mr Burne. The scenery wns painted by Mr W. Matlhewß, and Mr L. Lederman cleverly assisted in the preparation of the players. 