AJiOBEM EDE1L, OEAFEEE XV3X ** Xaurie — la-asae, com8 and carry raay :£k--w*as im me !' said a 'voice. It 'was sweet and dear as a chime -of silver balls, but it pierced Herbert Castfemaiie's heart lite a sword-point. It thrilled and quivered ifea-:o:§h iim^tining1 him ?with a blended joy and pain. He listened., .and .again the sweet Toice cried- — ?' Oom^iay sbh: mamma is wait ing for yon.' T&ey;'w.ere -callinw at the Belle Yire, Herbert and Ms mother. Mr,. IF-ca'd lad entertained them gradwosly in & apleraled braeand gold. ?diaTFing-rooni, but JSIrs. lynn ceuii mot be found. ' Sbe Tonst 'be out ?walking/' . said ter 'un-ele, disappointedly, and after .aw&ile; .he invited them to -came .rait in the rose garden. She 'jmgiht tie there, is .said: it 'was a feraaifee hanni -of hers, ? So in iiedErekhiH2KB and 'beauty of , iiha JuOy -morning, they Trent out ? into the graTeliBd paihs lying white in the sunshine, fctrnrbag such an ?exspnsite cantrafstte the green grass and gikaions, €sei--blaoming roses, ~vri£h the morning dew still shining -m their fawbt. petals:: and while fhey 'walked that 'voice came to Herbert like an echo from the ?buried past— dead and buried for ?eight long years. x'^he is here-; I -win 'bring her to yon,' Mr. IFord says, nervously, starting away from 'them, and they pause by a little crystal fountain throwing np diamond sprays into the clear, bright air, and 'wait — Herbert with his heart beating strangely,lhriDBdioT3lOTded.ecBtacy and despair by a Toice, ''Her toice is .Eke — ' Urs. Casfle ?maine -begins, then closes 'her lips over theTmapQlroiiamme, vexed'vvith IibesbIS that sbe this about to sad . den- fihetenor-ofJieriiiol'sthonglits. ,. -'liet-us milk on a little further,' she amends, abruptly, and a few moterateps bring i-hern upon a pic ture. Mr. .Tord'Jnra found Tiis niece J5er-is.:atonding'talking-tolieai earn estly, jiraking no 'more^o 'Jtetuui to bisjguests. Perhaps he is explain ing- tD.herfhe factoffheii-pi-esence. ' Am. I going mad.?'! Herbert asts-himself, rath stern, set lips . and-wildly staring eyes. ' She _is -not of us,. as I drone .; ' . -She conies from another ? '-'' stiller-world of the .dead.' ' ThetidE of years rolls backward Ee has forgotten Mrs. Lynn, the authoress, as if she had never been. This slender, stately woman, 'with her white hand resting lightly on Air. Ford's arm, is a ghost from the past; the dark, uplifted eyes, tiie tender, crimson mouth, the . -waring, golden hair, are like hers whom, for a little while he believed to be an angel, but finding her only aiauity mortal, had sternly put away from him. So like— so like, that he cannot take his eyes from tire white-robed form, with the wide i sun-hat tilted carelessly baok from the. low, white hrowwith-its cluster i ing -waves of sunny hair, and the -white hands full of rose's, most of jibem dewy crimson, as if she loved '.that colour best. While he:gazes like one -stupefied '; they 'turn and walk towards him. Herbert is conscious of a little admonitory-pinch administered by I ? bis motherVsltui fingers, .and tries' to .rouse himself to the occasion. v- .1na:minutehe is conscious of a .lamentable failure -as he meets Mrs Jiynn'rS dark «yes upturned to his in -calm surprise, Sire is by far, .the 'cooler and calmer of the two ?anxbsoon.he.finde himself walking ? by her side along the gravelled .path, the elder couple pacing sedately after-them. He is aware ? tliat he has :not dis tinguished himself in this meeting with the gifted authoress. His ? words have been f ewaD ctincoherent .—not worthy of Herbert Castle ?maine. He- rallies himself with a desperate effort, and makes the .first remark that comes into hie . 'head — '~ You like-flower-s, . Mrs.'.Lynn ?' is the- hackneyed observation. ? -' 'I love them,' she answers? 'f quickly. And hfr' is' instantly reminded of .another who 'loved,' not ' liked,' thef ragrant offerings of Nature! The golden -sunshine sifts down through leafy boughs all about them, the air is sweet with the .song of birds and the breath of flowers, the river is visible at some little distance, lending additional Tjeauty to thecbarming scene. Mrs. .Lynn looks away at the river and Herbert looks at her, trying to con vince himseK that her likeness fo the -dead is not -so great as he had fancied. ' Laurel-rois a girl — this -is a ?woman,' he^-tells himself He is right. Mrs. Lynnis very young, but the .sweet gravity, the exquisite majesty of womanhood are stamped on her pure, white brow. Thought, intellect,e5perience .are blended with her still youthful ibeauty in a perfect-rose. And yet, he said tohimself , Laurelattwenty five would have been Mrs. Lynn's counterpart. 'While she looked dreamily off at the-river with those dark, heavily fringed eyes, and he looked at her, . ia-silence fell between them. It was broken by the laughter of .a child. A beautiful boy came.running down lhe.paitli towards them and stopped '. -at 3iis .mother's knee. (To be -Continued.) 