of Barcrofi J^oafte. f f Tjo bask in the sun of an eternal Spring, and dream . . dream . . dream.'* N May 2, 1892, in a secluded spot on the shore of Long Bay, one of the arms of Middle Harbor, Sydney, the soul of Barcroft Boake went out into "the unb known" by his own act. Pessimistic, like" Schopenhauer, yet lacking Schopenhauer's stern fibre, he, of the stuff that dreams are made, with the remembrance of a mock hanging ever upon him, looked into futurity,and "looking, he leaped." Suspended by the lash of his stockwhip from the limb of a tree his body was found, and the little world of letters in the Eastern Colony sorrowed for his untimely end. The banalities of life pressed too heavily on his womanish mind. Saturated with Gordon, he followed him to the bitter end, with a difference in detail only. And now, after a lapse of five years, his metrical writings have been gathered into a little volume— " Where the Dead Men Lie and Other Poems " together with an appreciative memoir by A. G. Stephens, and given to the world. Boake belongs to the school of bush bards, of whom Adam Lindsay Gordon, in his " Galloping Rhymes," was the great forerunner, and he drops fittingly into place alongside Paterson, Lawson, Ogilvie, and kindred balladists. His divinity, like Paterscn's and Ogilvie's, is the great Australian divinity—the horse, whose hoof-beat forms the theme for so many budding lyrists along the line of Time. And the balladists will always be popular by reason of their public when Essex Evans, Bernard O'Hara, and Victor Daley, with muses to a finer note attuned, remain on the bookshelf awaiting the appearance of a large cultured class. City bred, Boake's early youth betook him to the bush—his first love, his true love, and his last love—for he says:— " There is a pleasure in a mad gallop, or in watching the dawn of day on a cattle camp . . in the dead of night to find yourself alone with the cattle . . in the moonlight this strange noise, the dark mass of cattle, with the occasional flash of an eye or a polished horn catchihg the light—it always conjures up strange fancies in me ; I seem to be in some other world . . I might have been jogging along in monotonous respectability as a civil servant; but they don't live, those men—they only vegetate. We have a pleasure and excitement in our work that they never feel . . Every day brings something. . . There is a charm about this life, always in the saddle, only those can appreciate who have lived it. . . If I could only write it, there 5s a poem to be made out of the back country." Now the fever blood of the poet turns sour, and the idealist changes to pessimist—pessimist with a small view of human nature and ignorant of sociology and its history. Speaking of Western Queensland and Central and North Australia he says:— " There is a romance, though a grim one—a story of drought and flood, fever and famine, murder and suicide, courage and endurance. . . . Who reaps the benefit ? Not the poor bushman ; but Messrs. So-andso, merchants of Sydney or Melbourne —or the Mutual Consolidated Cut-down-the-drovers'-wages Company, Limited—or some other capitalist. . . . Half of them could not point out the position of their own runs. All they know is that their cheques come in regularly from "the buyers ; and if the expenses pass the limit they in their ignorance place, they sack the manager and get another." In " An Easter Rhyme," his last composition, written in Sydney, his thoughts still turned to the bush:— Easter Monday in the city— Battle, rattle, rumble, rush ! Tom and Jerry, Nell and Kitty, All the down-the-harbor " push "— Little thought have they, or pity, For a wanderer from the bush. Stunted figures, sallow faces, Sad girls striving to be gay In their cheap sateens and laces. Ah! how different 'tis to-day Where they're going to the races Yonder—up Monaro way ! His most popular and bound-to-be-recited allad will assuredly be WHERE THE DEAD MEN LIE. Out on the wastes of the Never Never— That's where the dead men lie! There where the heat-waves dance for ever— That's where the dead men lie ! That's where the Earth's loved sons are keeping Endless tryst: not the west wind sweeping Feverish pinions can wake their sleeping— Out where the dead men lie ! Where brown Summer and Death have mated— That's where the dead men lie ! Loving with fiery lust unsated— That's where the dead men lie ! Out where the grinning skulls bleach whitely— Under the saltbush sparkling brightly; Out where the wild dogs chorus nightly— That's where the dead men lie ! East and backward pale fapes turning— That's how the dead men lie ! Gaunt arms stretched with a voiceless yearning— That's how the dead men lie ! Oft in the fragrant hush of nooning Hearing again their mothers crooning, Wrapt for aye in a dreamful swooning— That's how the dead men lie ! Only the hand of Night can free them— That's when the dead men fly ! Only the frightened cattle see them— See the dead men go by ! Cloven hoofs beating out one measure, Bidding the stockmen know no leisure— That's when the deadmen take their pleasure ! That's when the dead men fly ! Strangled by thirst and fierce privation— That's how the dead men die ! Out on Moneygrub's farthest station— That's how the dead men die ! Hard-faced grey-beards, youngsters callow ; Some mounds cared for, some left fallow ; Some deep down, yet others shallow ; Some having but the sky abridged. In the clearer atmosphere, higher up the slopes of Parnassus, he has given us more enduring efforts, although grammar is occasionally sacrificed to poetic sequence. [DESIREE. Will she spring with a blush from the arms of Dawn, When the sleepy songsters prune Their dewy vestments on bush and thorn, And the jovial magpie winds his horn In sweet reveille to the lazy morn, And the sun comes all too soon ? Will she come with him from the farthest rim Of the blue Pacific sea ? But how shall I know my lady ? and by What token will she know me ? Will her cloak be shaped from the southern skies And girt by a starry sash— Like an azure mist, as my lady hieB With the light of love in her kindling eyes ? Will she move with the solemn grace that lies In the towering mountain ash ? Will she come at all ? . May it not befall That our fates are dark and dree ? That I may never know her at all, And she may never know me ? " An Allegory " is well worth quoting, for it contains the philosophy of life in a nutshell, and betrays a keen insight into the undercurrent of existence. The fight was over, and the battle won. A soldier, who beneath his chieftain's eye Had done a mighty deed, and done it well, And done it as the world will have it done— A stab, a curse, some quick play of the butt, Two skulls cracked crosswise, but the colors saved: Proud of his wounds, proud of the promised cross, Turned to his rear-rank man, who on his gun Leant heavily apart. " Hp, friend !" he called, " You did not fight then: were you left behind ? I saw you not." The other turned, and showed A gaping, red-lipped wound upon his breast. " Ah," said he sadly, " I was in the smoke ! " Threw up his arms, shivered, and fell and died. " Babs Malone" is an appeal to the back blocks, likewise are " Skeeta," " Kitty McCrae," "Fogarty's Gin," "Jack's Last Muster," and " Josephus Riley." We reproduce " Babs Malone" in part:— Now the squatters and the cockies, Shearers, trainers, and their jockeys Had gathered them together for a meeting on the flat; They had mustered all their forces, Owners brought their fastest horses, Monaro-bred—I couldn't give them greater praise than that. Idly watching for the starting Of the race he had part in, Old Gaylad stood and champed his bit, his weight about nine stone; His owner stood beside him, Who was also going to ride him— A shearer from Gegederick, whose name was Ned Malone. Malone's wife and child come alongside (it's a way they have at up-country " meets") and the child, Babs, insists on having a ride on Dad's horse. But the babe was not contented, Though his pinafore was scented With oranges and sticky from his lollies, for he cried— This gallant little laddy, As he toddled to his daddy, And raised his arms imploringly—" Pease, dad ! div Babs a wide. Dad accordingly puts Babs aboard, and the horses in The Handicap come thundering by. Before he can get hold of the child Old Gaylad is off around the course, with his little jockey clinging to his mane. Then the jockeys who were failing Saw a big bay horse come sailing Through the midst of them with nothing but a baby on his back ; And this startling apparition Coolly took up its position With a view of making running on the inside of the track. Gaylad passed the filly, Passed Jack Costigan on Chili, Cut down the coward Wakatip and challenged Guelder Rose. Here it was he showed his cunning— Let the mare make all the running; They turned into the straight at stride for stride and nose for nose. Down the straight the leaders thundered, While the people cheered and wondered, For ne'er before had any seen the equal of that sight ^ And never will they, maybe, See a flaxen-headed baby Flog a racehorse to the winning-post with all his tiny might. But Gaylad's strength is waning— Gone, in fact, beyond regaining: Poor Babs is flogging hopelessly as pale as any ghost: But he looks so Drave and pretty That the Rose's jock takes pity, And, pulling back a trifle, lets the liaby pass the post.. What cheering and tin-kettling Had they after at the settling ! And how they fought to see who'd hold the baby on his lap; As President Montgomery, With a brimming glass of Pommery, Proposed the health of Babs Malone, who'd won the Handicap. LITERARIA. Exciting News. 