The Queen's Record Reign. The time is approaching when with a great flourish of trumpets and blaze of fireworks the people will he called upon to jubilate over the fact that a female Government official holding a life office has lived long enough to enjoy the emoluments thereof for sixty years. We confess that Queen Victoria may have great cause to jubilate over this fact, which directly affects herself, and we should have no objection to any char woman in the public offices in Macquarie Street commemorating with becoming festivity the circumstance that she, poor soul, had succeeded in keeping out of Heaven long enough to enjoy sixty years' supply of so much of tho good things of earth as her few shillings gained by dusting the chairs of suc cessive Premiers and Secretaries would procure for her. Neither should we think it amiss if the great dailies devoted a curious par. to the subject. But if we were called upon to associate the history of the past sixty years, or rather all that is good therein, with the worthy charwoman's tenure of office, we should probably smile. There is no reasonable objection to our celebrating the passage of sixty years from any date whatever, or the events of that period, any more than to our celebrating the close of the nineteenth and advent of the twentieth century, as we shall very probably do, or the New Year, or our own and our friends' private anni versaries. But why make a universal fuss about a particular sixty years simply because it is the period for which one person lias held a good billet? There is another way of looking at the question. The Queen being the figure head of the nation we are called upon to effect a national jubilation, not over Her Majesty's personal achievement in the line of " staying powers," but over the sixty years' destinies of the people con cerned since last they got a new figure head ; the like to what we might do upon raising some old flog on the reenrring anniversary of the date when it was first unfurled. If so, then let us commemorate indeed — commemorate the nation's sixty years ; but ere we jubilate let us be sure that we have something to jubilate about. If there is anything worthy of jubila tion it is the slow but certain upgrowth of democratic and radical sentiment with a certain measure, as even the most discontented will confess, of prac tical outcome. We do not know but tnat we snoma ratner Humiliate over the fact that the progress of ideas and conditions has been so slow. But admitting that we may at least con gratulate ourselves upon what little has been achieved, it is hardly in the spirit of this view that we are called on to make a celebration. We are asked to grovel to effete conceptions of royalty, aud to perpetrate acts of adulatory debasement, worshipping name and rank, aud toadying to the ghost of the wretched belief in human distinctions which we know to be false and wicked in its effects. In what spirit will the people respond 1 Probably in neither, but simply as taking the opportunity for a holiday. It may be regrettable that they are so complacent, but at least everyone will know that the " success " of the celebrations is absolutely without political significance. They may come off mightily well as festivities — the same is true of Cup Day, with about as much particular reaBou. We hereby congratulate Victoria and all other old ladies on their personal triumphs over the gentlemaiy with the scythe, felicitate the world upon all the good it has done and won in the mean while, and humiliate over all that they and it have done that ought not to have been done, or left undone that ought to have been done ; but we can only sorrow at the approaching celebrations as being conceived in the wreng spirit, and as the worship of superstitions and tra ditions that people are, in the better part of their nature at least, despising and passing away from, instead of the recognition and honor of tho better ideals before them. i 