THE FOOTBALL SEASON. Stand not on the order of your going but go at once n was addressed to the guests at the banquet scene by Lady Macbeth, when Banquo’s ghost appeared upon the scene. They were told to “get.” And they got. Perhaps it is the ghost himself which makes a similar suggestion to barrackers and foot ballers when there is a feast to be discussed. They stand not on tho order of their going, but go to a man when there is a smoke night. They had a good time iu free, unceremonious fashion, on Saturday night. Mr James Hall, president of the club, presided aud kept everything humming like a top. Mr Miller, delegate on the V.F.A., occupied the vice-chair, and the first twenty (or first “eighteen” as the new rules will have it, though in point of fact there were about 30 of them present) were the guests of the evening. That financial difficulties have not caused ’Town to forgot how to entertain, is shown by the fact that last season the team was taken to Ballarat, and the first overt the act of this year is neither a scrimmage nor a ball punching exercise, but a spread. These little courtesies tend to consolidate the team. Not to be niggardly about the matter, a “ free ” invitation (some of, the local athletic clubs issue invitations but you pays when you gets there all the same) was issued in a truly hospitable spirit to the Osborne team, every man of whom, together with the officers, partook in the festivities. In Mr Sims’ billiard room at the Steampaoket a very nice luncheon was served. The speeches at a football smoke night are usually short, sharp and to tqe . point. “Take your kick” aud “on the ball” applies to speeches as well as to the game, and was acted upon quick and lively. The ^ namely, Mr A. Shaw, one of the delegates of the new “League,” and Mr M. J. Fitzpatrick, in whose capable and Bafe hands, as secretary, the destinies of the football association are to be entrusted for the future, Both Bpoke in reply to the toast of " Football,” proposed in a graceful manner by the chairman. Mr Shaw was apologetic for the little rift within the lute, and said it was done with the object of equalising the teams; but Mr Fitzpatrick fairly punctured his tiro by reminding him that three of the clubs excluded would havo been amongst the first nine if the object had been to equalise play. So he left it to be inferred that tfie enquirer Ehould look else where for the motive. In the course of a tactful but non possumus speech, he then -proceeded to review the situation, winding up by gallantly assuring Mr Shaw that ho would bo no party to reprisals, apd that in saying so much he was speaking not merely for himself but for the association, “Junior Football” was proposed by Mr John Gunn and replied to by Mr A. Chester. Mr Millar gave the toast “ Kindred Clubs ” in a sympathetic and friendly spirit, and Mr Holmes roplied ou behalf of cricket and Mr Sims of yachting. Mr T. Edmunds proposed “ The Presi dent and donors” in really good style, and the toast fairly evoked enthusiasm. The President, Mr Hall, returned thanks. Mr W. Fitzpatrick proposed “Tho _ Ladies,” and Mr F. J. Sims “ The Press.” Songs were given con amore, and Mr A. G. Aitken and Mr P. Warren performed their sensational show trick, which brought down tho house. The proceedings were finished well within contract time, and everybody’s carriage was waiting and’nobody got into the wrong one, 