CATHOLIC LITERATURE. From Messrs. Benziger Brothers, the groat American publishers of Oatholio literature, we received by last mail a charm- ? ing oolleotion of books. Wo should like to see Benziger's catalogue in. every Catholic home in Australia. 'That Football Game.' Boys will bo pleased to hoar that Father Finn, the popular American author, has given us a new story, entitled, ' That Foot ball Game ' published by Benz-igor Brothers. The acquaintance he displays with that very lively sport is equalled only by his thorough knowledge of boys. There is a pure, healthy, vigorous tone about tho book that is decidedly refreshing when wo compare it with the milk and water stud so often met with in books for boys. . ' Ouk Favouritk Novknas.' Novenas have always boon a favourite mode of prayer but though many have appeared, from time to time, there lias been no attempt,1 until now, to collect tho best into one Volume. This, then, is the only complete book of its kind published. It contains novenas for almost every possible occasion and applicable to every devotion. It is divided into four parts : - the first embraces such novenns as pertain to tho feasts of our Lord, tho Infant Jesus, the Sacred Heart, tho Precious Blood, Jesus Crucified, the Holy Face, the Holy Ghost, and Almighty God; the second, those relating to the Blessed Virgin, the several feasts of our Blessed Lady, the Immaculate Heart, tho Seven Dolors, Our Lady of Per petual Help, Our Lady of Lourdos. Our Lady of Good Counsel, tho Blessed Virgin of Mount Carmel, Out1 Ludy of Salette, etc., etc. ; the third part is made up of novenas to the Angels and Saints, and has a greater variety of those dnvotions than can be found anywhere else ; while the fourth and last part contains the most necessary prayers for the use of the faithful, with devotions for Mass, Confession, Communion, etc., and the Vespers for Sundays. Tins Catholic Homh Annual. The ' Cathoiio Homo Annual,' of Benzigor 1 Brothers, which made* its Ili-t appearance 15 years ago, has just boon issuoil for 1S98, and will, we. are suvo, meet with u hearty welcome, from its ever-increasing army of friends. The present number is unusually interesting, and in its pages will be found contributions from the foremost Cathoiio writers. A glanco at the number shows a delightful choice of reading. There are stories by Maurice Francis Egan, Walter Lecky, Rosa Mulholland (Lady Gilbert), Katharine Tynan Hinkson, Marion Ames Taggart, and' Margaret M. Trainer; more serious articles by Right Rev. Monsignor Canary, of tho Washington University, and Very Rev. Father Girardey, Provincial' of the Rodemptorists in the Western province ; the history of a famous pilgrimage told by Very Rev. Dean Lings ; an interesting sketch of Nassau by a resident priest ; and a brief biography of tho Apostolic Delegate, Arch bisliop Martinelli, by Rev. Joseph McGowan, O.S.A., and of St. Vincent do Paul by Ella McMahon. Wo can heartily recommend it for family reading, and he will bo hard to suit indeed, who cannot find in it much to his taste. 1 Among other interesting books forwarded by the publishers are 'By Bransoomo Rivnr,' by Marion Ames Taggart, 16mo., cloth, with oolourod cover design, 50 cents, a new volume in the American Author Series of Cathoiio Juveniles. 'The Lamp of the Sanctuary,' by Cardinal Wiseman, A new, edition of this popular tale. 'Illustrated Explanation of the Commandments,' a book of 336 pages, with fine illustrations, at 75 cents. It is the most popular explanation of the Commandments published m English. Besides thoroughly explaining the Command ments, it has numbers of interesting stories, anecdotes, and examples bearing on the explanations. A reflection, practice, arid prayer is given on each Commandment by the popular devotional writer, Very Rev. $. Girardey, O.S.S.R. Beautiful illustrations aooompany the text, Genuine simplicity of heart is a healing and oemonUng principle. A follow in Smithville who couldn't spare a dollar a year for a newspapor, sent 50 two-cent stamps to a down?east Yankee to know how to raise beets. He got this answer: 'Take hold of tho tops and pull for all you are worth,' A Missouri editor, in response to the question, 'Do hogs, pay?' said a great many do not. They 'will take the paper for many years and then Rome day their paper will bo Bent back marked ' refused.' 