THE LADIES3 PAGE. ?-. '> ;; . . / _ .* WOMAN'S WORLD. (BT ".gtïvU.") A new idea lias been eagerly adopted by Society women in India. Several hundreds \ have already joined a " Union." founded 1 (one wonders why) upon thejlst of April, and each member bipde./hsrsplf' to;eschew social calls in the minter JíanoloY.flown bj her ancestors. Instead of paying visits in f person, cards are to be sent and calls re * tui'ned by post! An excellent plan for adding te the revenue, hut one that will 60on fall into disuse, if Rudyard Kipling knows anything about us. It will not be long before Mi-3 Hawksbee will want to tell some choice secret to her dearest friend-and wish the penuv post at Jericho But what an appalling vista opens before ns at the very mention of, such,a Union. Life would be but a monotonous round of weary days, from which '/ good things" perforce sheuld hold aloof, were we never permitted to whisper the ' very latest rumour about Maud's broken engagement into willing ears-nor catch the answering gleam of wholesome malice in the listener's eye. * * # # # This is strictly between ourselves. There ie no fear that any man will attempt to j penetrate the intricacies of . Woman's World ; the editor is a kind of Father Con- fessor, who has power te cast the whole and each particle of his paper out of mind when he rises from his padded ofijca-chair; the comp, is eo often abused that he will »ot attempt to reveal what he has sepa- i who would believe him? For 'centimes I -since the days of Eve, no doubt-we j have sought in vain for a face powder that does net come off, whether on our own opera cloak or a cavalier's coat-eleeve. At last a mixture has come to light which ~wjll gladden each truly feminine heart. It is called Darsy's Liquid Powder, and, when applied, seems to become part and parcel of the skin itself. Many remarks have ' been made about the dazzling whiteness of the necks and arms seen at recent drawing-rooms. The secret of their charm lies in a guinea bottle of this liquid, which is. thought cheap by all who have come ' under its magic.spell. ~" # * # # .# , I trust that no dissentient mind will peruse this page. What does Eeuan write in his " Recollections " about the all important topic of outward perfection ?. » "As a y»ung man," be says, "I became gradually aware that beauty is so superior a gift that talent, genius, nay, virtue itself, combined.are as nothing compared with it; . se that the really beautiful woman has the ? right to disdain everything, seeing that in her ewn person she contains, as in a vessel j of myrrh, all that genius painfully en deavoui-sto accomplish in enfeebled tracts j hy means of fatiguing labour and reflec- tion.*' '. j * it * it ' : : m¡ j Tho perfume of the hour is called Hasu-no-hana. It is the extract of th* Japanese lotus lily, and is said to be abso- lutely distinctive and different from every other known prermatien. It has the great advantage, too. of dying away gracefully like a properly constructed ghost, in the mist of the morning, instead of lingering round and suggesting the musk rat and other odours ci quit« fearful variety. » # » . # France is ever to the fore in its thirst for novelties. The latest innovatien was at a fashionable marriage, where eight tiny groomsmen took up their stand be- hind the eight diminutive bridesmaids. All sixteen were between the age of 6ix and eight years, and were dressed in cos- tumes of the Louise Seize peried. At the conclusion of the ceremony each little manikin gave an arm to a tiny maid and proceeded down the aisle in the wake of the chief performers. * * * * # At a wedding in Lenden recently, where a Peer's daughter was the bride, the brides- maids, instead of standing by, subsided into pews close to the altar rails. To me, this seems just as it should be. If "the time has come for Miss Jones to changé \- her name into that of Mrs. Robinson for evermore, she éurely deserves te be the centre of attraction just this once ? The bridesmaid should have her day, too, if I bsd my way, but all to herself when her own time comes, instead of sharing the glory of the late Miss Jones. * # * # # A crusty old bachelor has been diving into antiquity for the origin of the wed- ding present which has assumed such immense proportions in these degenerate days, and has discovered that formerly the I gift was really a tribute which the lord of The manor exacted from his vassals. The men (or selfs) were bound to give the result of a day's hunting, and the women presented a specimen of their handiwork It was compulsory and a vassal might lose his head if he dared to murmur against j the mandate of his lord. Things are much the same to-day No one can make us " a head shorter " as the Virgin Queen did when she proneunced the hapless Marie Stuart too tall, but we are called " mean old things/" and are peremptorily shunted beyond the pale of polite society if we dare let an occasion pass without adding . 6ome gift to that array of nuptial ofierings. y * f # * * ' The vexed question of cycling for women has long'been settled all over the civilised world by the adoption of the practice by everyone who feels inclined for it. This is j what Dr. Turner, an eminent London ] authority, says upon the subject " There is not the slightest doubt but that the invention of the low safety bicycle and ¡ 'of the pneumatic tyre has «pened the . doar of the Temple of Hygeia to a very lar^e number of those to whom it would otherwise have been permanently closed, and that in consequence the general . standard of health, both among men and women who hávp properly and judiciously made use of the opportunities for exercise and recreation afforded hy the use of the bicycle,' ha's been considerably elevated."' Tile foregoing lettrned opinion bas only been quoted here to afford every cyclist the satisfaction of ejaculating, '* I.told you so." # # * .. *. ? .' An exhibition which is attria^fïu'g a" good deal-of attention at home wás opened in June by the Marchioness of . Lorne, at Drapers' Eal!. Foremost amongst the loan collection is a marvellous array of faftsj/ lent by Mr. Duvelleroy, containing lover/ examples bf Italian, Empire, and First Re- public periods. Another old English col- lection represents " Shakspeare's Seven Ages," and- there are some-quaintly- pic- turesque fans bearing acrostics, over which, nc doubt, the charmingly powdered and bewigged beaux of earlier times were wont to ponder at the bidding of sprightly dames.' .....; . # ^ .:V*^. " Speaking of sprightly dames, itwas.snly to-day I came across some.feisfis "foy the' teautiful and gifted Lady jBîessiugto'u verses that, we are informed, created quite a sensation. Here are two^ "Tonr daughter's charmingT on my word ! While you-I vow 1 heard Lord Lyster Say-you look like her elder sister. My son has corns back from the East, Eut has not suffered in the least. " Well, Lady Mary's quits a belle, And dressed, I must say, à merveille. Any attachment, entre nous ? ....... ' Too young-ha, lia ! That's EO like yetis ; Au revoir, chère amie. Adieu.'*- :' Yet she was the contemporary of Byron, Shelley, Wordsworth, and all the long line of poets when the century was young, and she had courage to ^publish that.- She must have been as'; brave'as she was beautiful. * ? # ». .. * * The " fasbienable night'* at the Theatre Boyal has now become quite an institution, and is always marked by a goodly muster in the dress circle, although for weeks the announcement that a party from Govern- ment House would be present has been the signal for a general downpour. On Thurs- day evening amongst those who witnessed " From Scotland Yard " _were Lady Smith, in a brocaded costume, with "corsage Of ! black sequins net and lovely diamonds; Miss Smith, in a pretty concert blouse of cream and pink silk, and black skirt ; Mrs. Saunders, in a rich, black silk gown with a profusion of cream laco en the corsage; Mrs Petherick, wearing ivory white faille, with bodice of white brocade and pearls, and panels of the brocade on the skirt; Mrs. G. W. Jones, . pink satin evening blouse and black silk skirt; Mrs. Florence Broadhurst, blue and ,white striped silk I blouse and black skirt; Mrs. Reynolds, blAck corded eilk, with bîdice of bla^k and white . striped satin; Mrs. Ewing, pink liberty silk blouse, blask silk skirt; Miss Bertha Brookway, costume of .pink merv ' and black ; Mrs. Moran, heliotrope brocade ; Mia. Henson Broadhurst, pink silk blouse, black skirt; Miss Davy, costume of deep shell pink silk ; Miss Strickland, pink satin and chifcen corsage, black skirt ; Miss M. Strickland, Nile green crepe, bîouse trimmed with pearls and lace, black skirt ; Miss Reynolds, flowered silk bodice, black skirt ; Mi's. Shadwick, cream liberty silk blouse, black skirt; Miss Adelaide Swinton, j in pink corded silk and black. *_».»*] I was sorry to see the audience so eager I to leave the theatre that they could not even wait to permit the vice-regal party to j pass out first. Surely, when it is only a matter of a minute or two, the average mortal might st ind back to give prece- dence to the Governor and Lady Smith. 