SERVICE FOR SUNDAY, JUNE 20. The form of thanksgiving and prayer authorized by t,!:c Anarlican Bishop of Ade laide for Snnday, .f:a»o 2i\ i* praotittiHy | iiKiOiitiCa! with that to b-.; ailoptr.<l at sirniiar I service in En/Und. Till "Tn l>eunv! is s<it j to mu-iio comprised by the lai'e Priiiro Contort, i and i;hft Anthem will be that prepared for J iubiiw. sarvices in West-minster t in years ago. i TliO iir-it livniii, " To Thac, o'.ir Go»i, wo fiv.'' i is in Hymns. Anoiont r.n.'l Ai'vforn,"1 but ; "<i.)d of Nations." by O. Oiiihls Clarke. ' iiaa been composed ' for tho occasion. Oneot the -principalpfayers ia^as follows :-r- : "Almighty God, who rule§t. over all the : JtiDgdqwis of tho.world, and dispiscst of them according ;tQ Thy good pleasure, we yiold Thoe «jifeigped ^thanks, for that fhou wast pleased, as on this tpplace Thy servant, ourSovereijrnLady, Queen Victoria, upon tie i tbronoof this realm. Let Thy wisdjpm be bor guide, and let Thine arm strengthen herjlot justice, truth, and. holiness, let peace and j love, and, all tho&o; virtues that Adorn the -j Christian profession flourish in her days; j direct all her counsels and endeavoufs to Thy gjory and the welfare of, her peopleand j give lis graeo to obey her cheerfully and willingly for conscience sake; that neither our sinful passions, nor our private interest1;, may disappoint her cares for the public good; let her always possess the hearts of her people, i that they may never be wanting in honour to bur person, and dutiful submission to her , authority ; let her reign bo long and prospe rous, and crown her with immortality in the life; to come; through Jesus Christ our Lord. Anion." The following prayers and thanksgivings are also in.the form: " Almighty God, we humbly offer unto Thy Divine Majesty our prayers and hearty thanks givings for bur graciouB Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria, unto whom Thouhast accomplished full sixty years of Sovereignty. We praise Thee that through Thy grace she hath kept the charge Thou gavest her m the day wben.Thpu didst sot tho Crown upon her head, bidding her ' to do justice, stay tlie growth of iniquity, and protect the Holy Church of God; to I holp and defend widows and orphans; to restore tho things gone to decay, maintain the things that are restored, punish and reform what is amiss, and confirm what is I in pood order; to keep the Royal Law and Lively Oracles of Gutu" We bless Thee that Thou hast heard, through sorrow and. through joy, our prayer that she should alway . possess tho hearts of Her people. And we humbly prapr Thee that for the years to coin© she may rejoioe in Thy strength", and at tlie resurrection of the just enter into Thine im mortal kingdom, through Jesus Christ our Lord." Amen. "O Lord our God, Who upholdest and governest all things in heaven and earth, receive our humblo prayers with our hearty thanksgi vings for our Sovereign Lady Victoria, as on this day sot ovor us by Thy ffraee and providence to be our Queen; and so together with her bless Albert Edward Prince of Wales, the Princess of Wales, and all tho Royal Family, that they all, ever trusting in Thy goodness, protected by Thy power, and crownod with Thy graoe and endless favour, may continue before Thco in health, peace, joy, and honour, and livo long and happy lives upon earth, and after death may obtain ever lasting life and glory in the kingdom of heaven; by the merits and mediation of Christ Jesus our .Saviour, Who with the Father and tho Holy Ghost liveth and reignoth ever one God, world without end. Amen." Then will follow the anthem and concluding prayers, with the processional hymn. _ In consequence of the limited accommoda tion admission to the servico in St. Peter's Cathedral will only be permitted by ticket, and tho tickets have already l>eon exhausted. In a new issue of the Prayer Biok for Messrs. Clowes at the Oxford University Press, with a portrait of the Queen, that firm publish the "Form of Prayer to be used on Sunday, "Oth June, Trio office is to be the same as that for ordinary Sundays, ex cept where othcrwi o appointed. The sentence is tho . same as in the old for hi:--"J exhort that first of all suppli cations," &c.; Tho special Psalms are xx., ei., uxxi., two of the old office, and the Jattor new. The old lessons are appointed, Joshua i. to verso JO, and Romans xiii. to verse 11; but there are alternative ones. Pro verbs viii. to verse 17, and Revelations xxi. xxii., 4, which probably will be used at Even song. Tho suffrages after tho Creed are as in the old office. The collect for tho day, to bo used in the Communion service instead of the ordinary one, and that for the Queen is as follows:-"O God, which providest for Thy people by Thy power and rulostthem in love, grant unto Thy servant our Queen the. spirit of wisdom and government, that, being de voted unto Thee with all her heart, she may so wisely govern this kingdom that in her time the Church may be in safety and Christian devotion may continue in peace, that s6, preserving in good works uuto the end, she may by Thy guidance come to thine everlasting kingdom through Jesus Christ, Thy Son, our Lord, who liveth and reignoth with Ther>, ever one God, world without end. Amen." Instead of the prayers for the Queen and Royal Family, the collects out of the old office, "OLord our God," and " Almighty God whorule-?t," are to be said, as also "The Prayer for Unity." The Eoistle and Gospel are as in the old office, 1 St. Peter ii., )), and St. Matthew xxii. If). There is one other new collect to follow the general thanksgiving, in which occurs the follow ing!-"Wo thank Th*ia for progress made in knowledge of Thy marvellous works, for increase of comf'>rt given to human life, for kindlier feelings bntwpeti rich and poor, and for wonderful preaching of the Gospel to roanv nations." 