Johnny's Column. (FOR CLARE'S WKEKLY.) The Press of Australia is about 20 years out of date. It has the seriousness of the English press without its weight, and the lightness of the American press without its wit. The printing, the paper, the size and make up of its dailies and weeklies rank it with a provincial English paper of 20 years ago. The mystery of mysteries is the set of principles which control the transmission of foreign telegrams. This deportment of the Australian press provides a perpetual "surprise packet." There's one exception, and that's a brilliant one. The Sydney Bulletin is the snappiest paper in the world. Suggested by the Americianism of some American comics, it has created a new "ism" andflooded theworldwith " Australianisms." There was a great collection of Australian papers in the hotel at Albany when I landed. After wading through leaden columns of marvellously uninteresting matter, I struck a little story in a comic illustrated about a Chinaman drawing an analogy between his red haired infant and a cabbage. I breathed again. It was Puck —Judge—Petit Journal pour ti>e—Kladder- datch, &c.;, &c.;, all rolled into one. Hooked back at the title. It was called the Sydney Bulletin. The Pressof W. A. is going ahead at a tremendous rate. With all our blood, if we resist the temptation of imitating Melbourne we ought . to waltz in. Cinderella, with her dainty ankles and swan neck, is fast leaving her tightly-corsetted, eldevly sisters behind in this game as conspicuously as she is in Beveral other games. The only trouble with her is that she has got through all her pocket-money for weeks to come, and she will have to wear holes in her gloves and old boots all through that period (for penance). Still, who can deny that she is a pretty girl ? The Anglican Synod has folded its wings like the Arab, and silently stolen away, and if they have succeeded in satisfying the various sections of this important com-' munion they will have done well. At the present time the " Evangelical" party are not represented either in Perth or Fremantle. The pantomime at the Port will be especially rich in low comedians. The caste includes Speed, Joe Cowan, John Tudor, and Williamson, four actors of unlimited capacity to make one laugh. It will wind tip with a real old-time Harliquinade. This week I have bought a nice, bright, high - class, inspiriting little publication called the Hawklet. On one page there is an illustration of two 6assiety ladies playing at Fitzsimmons and Corbett. For a Melbourne Society paper there is very little Government House intelligence. If the staff are a little " dicky they can console themselves with the reflection that their W.A. correspondent would be passed " all right " for Hamvcll. (Hanwell is the national lunatic asylum near London.) . Speaking of shows at Freuiantie thiB week (November 20), he says - " The Fay re is closed " (unadulterated lie). "At the Bijou Music Hall the Banvards have full charge—Burgess, the high diver, is also there !" Now the Bijou is just about big enough for Dick Davis to do his dive off a kitchen chair into a basin—Reincarnation of Ananias! Last week I heard the Premier dub Cottesloe "The Brighton of West Australia." CLARE'S WEEKLY has on several occasions changed its cover—though not its coat—and with this issue still another departure in the chromatic line will be observed. The difficulty of getting the re quired class of paper at the proper moment has, iu most instances, been the' unavoidable cause of innovation; but the conductors have finally decided that the simple and unique cover which appears on this number will remain a fixture. During our three monthB of existence we have already penetrated to most of the Bettled portions of the colony, and at the present gratifying rate of progress the " ren and white " journal must inevitably become a familiar object to every man, woman, and child in Westralia. The rapidity with which our circulation is increasing causes little surprise to our friends. We have adopted the boldest policy of any paper—daily or weekly—in the colony ; we have Btruek at abuses wherever they came under our notice; we have feared no man's frown, nor curried favor with party or clique. Though wetyave adopted an u Anti-Boer" policy, our efforts have been directed, not against the old inhabitants of the colony as a whole, luif but a against the rings, clans, and conspira cies—-both political and industrial—wh ich " suck the bloc blood ~ of our colony like so many vampires. Whatever our ^enemies may say —and, thank God, we have plenty of enemies ; we always intended to have 'em— our policy is more patriotic—more intensely Westralian—than that of our contemporaries. The goldfields papers represent goldfields interests ; the Perth papers represent Boer cliquism. As we are bound to neither, we take the liberty—between these conflicting elements—of championing the whole colony. Preparations for "the' CoolgaVdie Mining Exhibition started eight months ago amid a good deal of flute-playing, since whiefcV time there has beenageneral siesta on the part: of all connected, with it. At a meeting th?" other, dfty it was. shown that nothing had been done beyond the accumulation* of £30' and a lot of promises—the latter estimated at 1 per cent, of their nominal value. It is now stated on good authority that Coolgarpie has given up the idea of eelipsitig the Paris Exposition of 1900—which is a pity, if only for the secretary's sake. Amnsing incident at Marble Bar in connection with the same water rates. It is usual for the man in charge to collect the money every Monday morning ; and on this particular day, while going his rounds, he had occasion to call on an old lady for her share towards the Government baptismal fount. Having presented his bill, which amounted to ten or fifteen shillings, the old lady objected straight away to pay for her water, and yelled in wild excitement: " The divil take yez rogues, and ye may kiss me foot,, for the divil a ha'peneth ye'll get from me for the blanky water! If John Forrest's goin' to waste water down south for Coolgardie, that's no reason why he should make the poor women of the Nor'-West pay for it. (Reaching the broom). Be off wid ye ! and ye can tell the Warden I won't pay." Curtain. "The Christmas number of CLARE'S WEEKLY will be much larger than the itsuftl edition, and will contain original illustrated stories, poetry, and other light matter of a kind suitable for holiday reading, in addition to the usual class of'literary stuff, cartoons, &c.; Our artist, Mr Ben Strang;-will be most in evidence with liis local sketches, and altogether the standard of the; issue will defy comparison in the colony. Dr. Geikie speaking at a students' gathering in Sydney the other day, said it was not patriotism to boast that the scenery of the Hawesbnry River was finer than that of the Rhine—(laughter)—or to say that the Sydney Free Pul lie Library was the finest in the world. It might be we should never be a patriotic people until we had passed through difficulties, reverses, and sorrows. He urged the students to do their duty to God and man, and be patriots "without that detestable thing called bragging." The doctor is right. There is little real patriotism in Australia, only a blind inclination to brag—about our fighters, our singers, our cricketers, about everything iu fact with which we have a ghost of a show of competing witH the old country. Also, when John Bull comes out here, he whoops about the Hempire, and alludes to our provincialism in a sneering way—so he's just as bad. The 'Erald is once more sounding itsfavorite war cry of " stinking fish," and as it may be presumed that a few stray , copies of thiB vaporous production find their ' way to the Eastern colonies—at any rate to the oflices of Eastern newspapers—the ancient abuse and invective against this slandered province will have an excellent (Jhance to revive. The pauperous effort to breed advertisements and cheap popularity for itself by the worn-out device of throwing open itR columns to the billet-hunting public is a double entendre-of which one interpretation is that as the colony is down it may as well be kicked for all it is worth. The Maiden Lady's paper doesn't do things like that. In fact, its advertisements being the most readable part of the paper, it considers itself justified in charging agood price for them on all occasions. Tlu> population of Westralia at the end of September was 162,403, exclusive of aborigines, who probably number another 30,000. South Australia will be 61 years old on 28th December, having been first settled in 1837. Victoria WAS settled six months earlier, but dates, as a separate colony, from 1851. New South Wales is 109 years old, being an 18th century product, whilst Tasmania was founded in 1803, and Westralia in 1829. PICCADILLY. Hark! the 'Erald Angel M. (Mount Margaret) viites :— Another bustcd illusion of childhood. Were we not told about the " gentle came meek and mild" etc ? Well, wait till I tell you about my experience. I was just tying a line to the nose-peg of one of my camels when the great biute caught me by the arm •with iteteetb and dragged me on the ground I yelled for help, and my mate rushed up and hammpred it till it let go. If It hadn t been hobbled it would have knelt on my Chest, and squafhed me with a weight wore ^ban the nightmare I have had every night Mr. J. P. Da-ji all w ritts "With reference to the report of the Metropolitan Waterworks Board, addressed to the Premier with the request that Parliament should be asked 1p sanction an inert ase o the <apital bj\ £250,(00, making in all i'<!<J0,<M,O, the receipts and expenditure as puMuhfti appear to have been tompiled in a manner that does nop iffoi-d satisfactory jnfoi matiotfsis to the working of the Bo,avd fend render it difficult to form a conclusio as to whether it has been carried out in such & manner as to justify the Government in Auctioning a further loan to.the bresent prudent that the Government should administer the affairs with their own cffi(^le.. In order to render the statements infellijjible I have compiled, from the figures Quoted, a revenue statement, fi^pwhidi it Will be observed that the ^ hav jjeen carried out at a oonsj^^K^ftMpee the formation in October/lBiOB, l^iSOth Seplember, 1897\. , ^ : .. . '' The Board, ,in tjWeir* teps^t,: have: ^W niously omitted tM Small j&uni;^ interest due 3lBt'Decemjter, ? 1S97. 80ttfngr forth one-half, v^z.,, £8,600, aeVbearing upon Ibhe currency pt this ygar^ Against, which shiighthe set thB amQunt' dile" to the Bokrd .for water tcii&;-';'$he; reniaijiilnjg £3,500 iU'. .applicable to the 3Qth September. • This' Will bring up the toCal loss on the year's = £13,833 12s.; balance loss, 694 lis, 8d.; total, £18,528 3a. 8d. Expenditure: Boun- ' dary services, meters, and temporary mains £1,746 3aAd.;, maintenance reservoii;, city *nainB, kc!f £1,683 5s, 4d.; pumps and wate cartage, £982 5s. 6d.; office expenses, Board tees< &o;,, £1,965 15s.; statione-rj', advertising. &c.;, £500 14s. 7d.; interest to ^uhe, '1897, £8,^00 0s. 2d.=£15,028 3s. «d.; interest to pay to SOth September, 1897, £3,500 itotal, £18,528 3s. 8d. • M With regard to the estimated revenue, of the Board frotn the present time to the year 1900, these returns are eyidently.based upon the assumption that the population o th« city will increase over 100 percent: ' The present state of affaire hardly leads to the belief that such will be the case, and even though,)therevenue should heincreased to the sanguine expectations of the Boa^', th&t;^Htself would be iosuffi' icientV'feeder the waterworks a pacingi kwDcerb, a&^2i,0G0 Would iut^m* estimated for maLtena^, V -joffice expemes, &on; &c.;, would be ihsuffi- Dr. Paget Tliurstm), "o>j« of our leading physician's fedirs that before longth sad scenes (over-crowded hospital's, half ;cured men turned adrift to ehift l^-befet the ;Cftn( incessant funerals) of last autdmn wil bp repeated, This comfortless outlook is rendered worse by the fact that medical ip irom either Uovernment or -City Council being out of the ques tion, Dr. ^hurstan has proposed an alterna tive scbeise, He is at opinion that it^hould cmaller plaoeB iirto tonelarge distriot able < pay a mMicjUofficer of health euchA a eata t«« will secure hib exclusive attention duties of his offioe. lnU heen tried foreom • jWaS^ AntiBfied^ii Hie, ^W^'ri^ of: thi» »lw» . jwiy from Fremantle to Mid]ri:d Jnwtxn, say, having full powers in all health reatt«is l, with Borrowing rights with inteiest &unranteed; by (loveitrnvn't, with pewer to stnk a sanitary rate ai.d apptrliui it p>o nU •. among the several municipal J/dies, e<u'd caity out IhencceFpary w< il.s uitlu nt delay, . Such a body vifh a *< uitw>a c, wculd a least Work in daylight. People wculd know how every pennywas being sjient and.could : judge from tinietotiuie I yresultswlietherthe e sums spent weie takii-g'efiei.t. At'present there are no results oi tbf-j.cakingot for tlie^ municipal oiillpys. And so mlniy of the aldermen liave suburban houses uquirir.g costly roads to their doortf that- it is hard to say where most of the 1 money really goes to. f A Ion- 1,-U, r amu- ais in ou*>'u( thf , r t- V .. . „ dailies f.cm a kalgcov U mn^nnna^r setting forth the advanlagts of cl cosing Perth as the site for the piopoted .School.ox Mines. Poor devil! he wiS p!obably be boy- , jotted • inDustopolis for his'' treason,'' n he shows biouatuindednets ai d Mnccrity, andmakes out^ excellOit ^- =' we deploy .over; centrahrfttion, the, «d-, vant^o? ^ S S S t says ': When a Utiiver6jty is 'cstahlisiiefl in Aip^lrfca the all absorbing question is -who wiJtl.be cho^eii piesident, and the success o M'^istitufcr^ ^Hii^ftgemeht. build up a worthy system e^f |iilning instruction a salary of ^2,0dO IjCiS, 1^!).^ • yeaiMfor such a president would. Mutably laid o'ut. Hi|h salaries>^i)uM be pakl^o-ipapahle mert^siding (jit Pfr^ie j|oldtield«. ' Kqually.: «»<?>» tb takejess ijalafie]^ in Pert^i .^her<(-|iving is chc^eiy lioftse accomDioda \- ti^n }fess expensi>%.' an^1. 'l|fe ,; h4ft mo're W^i^? 8 - .if tlie.titoe.' of'--any cf • th .Bji^tiire'i^ ii "aunes '^^pqses could. bie; er- : - rea;Bont$lfe t of Mines staffs., Many.requisitesfor furnishhing the. laboratories, 'libraries- and lecture , - theatres dc$oterf to the purpose in questio could be pr^ured more readily arid ch aplv r in Pert hi* Inmost of tlie hranches of in struetion a ^supply .of fresh—i,e., fairly pure-^water fe' essential to practical work, and -this is. pbltainabie in Perth cheaply, bu • ndt so on tU^gQidfifeldS. A supply of gas ; for many ^hertiical and physical purposes eminently desj^able, if not essential, and fuel for metallurgical teaching would beless costly to the Govermhent in Perth than on the gpldfields. .Student® conld live mora f cheaply in Perth. Books, etc., crndd be "procured more readily and cheaply. However, 'both CoolgVdie and Katgoorlie wilP make .a bitter fi&t.; for . the school, and it would save a v^ deal of added jealousv andaci^mony bet#eu the twoboss goldfields ifewnsjif / Perth- were diosei^ < ' "' Y / V ; % ' . • ^ utbree.weeks supply of water;;% ri" J ''"'' — haefeily ereptpd^ at/ heavy^ e y l been hung up "in the c^ouds so lohg. and this is thfe tock ahead oii which^the Govern . , - eye \- financewill suffice." The goldfieldfTwifi \-- need to rlceive an ample guarantee that ' - the i^brk/once started, will be pushed t difference of interest. between~ae?lVrs"»nd ry buyers of money. (A four per be^t. loan two and a milUons -^ould lM Madily e subBoribed u\ a ^rei^ium 4s *ny. triith-in the" tate «eoret j)ubli([h»d i>y the : ; B^m that Im ir cent. Treasury Bills for ^eu^ Ati^^ three per oisfit.' "f either; ^Mtejf^pld'--^ i to > —it'is only 5-6tli per cent, diverted back , to goldfields expeiiditiue. Surely the goldfields contributions to revenue must provide e' an ample margin for this 'snialK ifiiinpunt The heavy drains on fche Government purse scat feted far and wide over a vast agricu tural and . pastoral area have all been u t; ceded to, , so that the litt e chickens a aim st surfeited witli;;their<unusual tepas It is time iibw looa£o *he l.ig gOose tha Jays the gulden eng. Jsthe game-'wortl the candle, or. shall thfc ship he spoilt for '''the want of a ha'p'orth of tar? Consider the renewed impetus —boom, if you prefer it—tliat SIK'II an undertaking would give to the langui-hjiig pulse of tlie oolpnyi, the field for l.ib'»r that it would provide," th confidence that would be revived in the solidarity'of the goldfields?, the opportunities tliHt it would tl,H. 1 . ,fc «'outrt afford for fostering^the other itch resources of the colotjyv-which ^ ^ or fftU % the WtiJ v 0nce freed from ,his Wftl/r buglfear, which, like _ , t „ , .« • ' . ^ VL ^ ' « ^ ^JJf 1 .' ^||<sme L^S , 1 f l , owe « • ^ "x^S^S^SSSS^ forthi-pern^ient p' of Homestead Acta^dd achiL in jv cejlturv , ,.. . f askefi -^hy c;ip the differences to bbs^vei^ a6r.ld iiie on the aur- 1 be fj,ces of A^are, '^ilfjpiju " is,' Htjfc'ihBk sdttlM by ieansoi , ,' e. ^UWii-i^i theaii-.and ; tliesprea-.ing<Sfthe -lighton , the sensitive ^late.which render dlear.pic n tures of shch minute markings in tlie m time unattainable^ Dr. See thinks there -'little'prospect of our being able to photo graph distinctly, objecta niuch less than second of arc in diameter. 'Now,' a-second t on the surface of Mars when that plane nearest us means a stretch . . of something g l is 500 miles, that we could not expect photography to give us the truth about the alleged canals and their duplication. Advance in the artraay, however, accomplish by and by what is at present impossible. , '.. •'•.. • , v ' , Adyerting tO the expense attending the ^d^g a pure water supply for a com- ' ^mei ; icttn . sauatanan_endeavors to shov^that su^h expense wouldJ»e fully ? tl ^ ^iHfv ' ^ { S ^ f ^ ^ t " ; av^e f^'erajged 75 annually for ;tlie U^^e allows that^dr ^ttfe'for several v weeka;pfro^V;;Work. He 1,451 females to i.GGO males y iu 18tl0,1,05 \- females to 1,000 males; and last year' on ' - les. Last>year was the State iu which 'from phthisiB in ago, about the time women .. the bicycle extensively, Dr. Abb$ifc cono riderssignificant, and he- is. iricliiied t Surgical Jo of '•' plekdu^iii uoliott t^^^eter. Ute o£ Bb»n Bn».; litis started business for herself in MeNess whtoh ie situated 'l^i; oorper of Hay iiitd ^rlraok-BtiNBiBte.': Mr».. IPiwter jhaii i-i^Mmte-'fii- • v M'w WUi 'opdewiin ^he aboy^ «ne» • Mr. Conollv faced t'io music on Weduesday evening in his motion to affirm the desirability of the construction of the Esperance-Norseman railway. He did so in an apologetic speech, and at one period was so overcome by his own temerity that he expressed a wish to withdraw the motion, but the Opposition urged him on to his fate, and a defeat of sixteen to ten was the result. Mr. Morgans, ij) speaking to Conolly's . motion, believed that the Government would eventually find themselves forced by the stress of popular opinion to build the Esperance-Coolgardie line, and that in the course of three or four years' time the construction of this line would have no bad effect on the trade of Fremantle. They would have to duplicate the line between Fremantle and the goldfields by that time, and he believed it would be found in every way more advantageous to construct the Esperance line. It is always pleasant to hear reassuring utterances from inen of the Morgans stamp. They know what they are talking about, and care not to venture on prophecy until they are possessed of previous knowledge. Few in the colony, and certainly no one in the House, know as much about or have seen as much of the Coolgardie goldfields as the member of the : leading inland constituency. Once im Adelaide Mrs. Brown- Potter and JCyrle Bellew played in "I/a Tosca," and the audience were spellbound by that most thrilling scene where the halfmaddened Diva, having stabbed the pitiless Scarpia (Bellew), is placing the cross on his breaBt as he lies prone on the floor. But when Bellew felt the cold draught through an open door, and whispered, "Hurry up, or I'll get the ear-ache lying here." For a good Christmas outfit, a.person cannot do better than pay a visit to Mr, LOUIB H. Tischler, of Hay-street, who has been established in Perth for the past 14 years. Mr. Tisehler iB hot only one of the oldest, but is one of the leading tailors in Perth at' the present time. He has a splendid collection of summer tweeds in stock, and his woollens and mercery he is offering to the public at cost price until the stock is realised on. Everybody has to buy at the beBt advantage nowadays, and this fact has much to do with the Buocess of Mr. TiBchler in Perth. The Veriseope opened at Kalgoor.ie on the !5th iust. • The Tivpli Company at Coolgnivlie includes Messrs. J. Wilkinsons/Pat. Melton, 6\. Bagshaw, and Charles Graves ; and Misses Alice St. John', 1 Amy Johns, R. Marks, and Minnie Anderson. Miss Gwtn Davii's is now appearing at the Crystal Palace concerts, London. She appears to be a great favorite at Home. Mr. Cunpbell, Deputy Master of the Mint, has taken Mr. Gull's house at Guildford, until the residence adjoining the Mint is finished and ready to enter, Mr. Gull having gone with lys family to the eastern colonies for a trip. Mr. Ventris, Superintendent of the Mint, and Mrs. VentriB are staying at the Palace Hotel pending the completion of their quarters at the Mint. ' The Misses Burgets, of Carlton House, had a small sale of gifts on Wednesday afternoon, but owing to the counter attraction at the Town Hall the attendance was small. An awning had been erected in the grounds for the purpose of the sale, which comprised many useful and ornamental articles, as well as cakes and flowers, another table being devoted to afternoon tea. Miss Burgess was assisted by her sisters and others taking an active interest in the <jharitieg wincft; the sale was intended to assist. There were present:—Lady Onslow and Miss Ohslow, Mrs. Clement, Miss Prinsep, Mrs. Hurst, Miss Letcher, Misses Roe Mrs. FOBS,' MisB Church, Miss Seymour, Mrs. Saler,' and others, amongst late ar, rivals being Mrs. Alex. Wilson Crozier, of Sydney. The interior of the Town Hall presented a very bright and gala appearance at the opening of the bazaar in aid of St. Brigid's Convent on Wednesday afternoon. The ladies organising the affair, with Mrs. Davidson as moving genius, worked very assiduously in collecting funds and work in ornamental kinds, artistio objects, &c.;, for disposal, and the various stalls were prettily decked out with varieties of goods for sale or raffle. Four stalls were arranged on each side, one at the upper end,,'and a flower pavilion in the centre, while a refreshment stall was in an inner apartment. The opening ceremony was performed by the Mayor in the presenoe of a large -gathering of people. The stalls were held by the following ladies :—Mrs. Davidson, Mrs. Rowe, Mrs. J. Ryan, Mrs. W. Russell, assisted by Misses Mews and Smith Mrs; J. Mollpy and Mrai CampbellMrs. (Capt.) Campbell, Mrs. Hayrres (wife of Dr. Haynes) and Mis3 Hay ties ; Mrs. Grigg and Miss Neville;, Mrs. Gugerie, Miss Gugerie. and Miss Salinger ; Mrs. O'Mahoney, assisted by several young helpers ; Miss Burelier and Miss Roaclie ; Refreshments—Mrs. Boswell and Mi^s Westhoven; Flofrer.stall—Miss Carroll, assisted by Miss Keogh, Miss Bopth, Miss Miller, Miss Tay»- lor and Misses Deakin ;' Miss Lohan,, Miss < ierloff and Miss Lulu Gerloff. The Mayor (Mr. Alec Forrest) was introduced by the Revd. Bishop Gibney, and declared the Iraiar open, after which he rati the gauntlet of the numerous stalls to an accompaniment of prettily dressed girls and a'chorus'of "Oh, do go in for this raffle,'" " buy this from my stall," etc. Amongst those present were the Attorney- General ami Mrs. Pennefather, Bishop Salvado, from New Noreia, Canon Sweeting, the Rev. Fathers Ryan and Burke, Cr. and Mrs. Ka, pli Potts, Mr. Horgan, Mrs. McDowell an I Miss. McDowell, Mr. and Mrs. Pethurick, nd Mrs. Alex. W. Crozier, the latter wearing a pr;;tt/ white figured silk gown stylishly trimmed with white lace, and fashion .bli- sash ends frilled with edging: hat with white ostrich plumes. Mrs. (Capt.) Campbell wore a pretty white muslin gown with white hat to match ; Mrs Davidson's costume was very handsome, and Mrs. Ryan had 6n a gown of rich fawn colored merveilleux stylishly made. Mrs. Pennefather's dress was of French grey figured silk canvas with yoke and cuffs of white silk, stylish white hat. Miss Lohan looked smart inn pretty reseda green frock with smart hat, and some pretty white and cream silk and muslin frocks were noticed during the afternoon. Lady Forrest who had consented to take charge of Mrs. Davidson's stall for a couple of hours was not able to fulfil her promise owing to unforeseen circumstances. During the afternoon the Mayor invited the lady stall-holders, the clergymen,. and leading citizens present to the Council Chamber to partake of a glass of wine, and in the interval Bishop Gibney took the opportunity to thank the Mayor for the compliment of opening the bazaar, to which Mr. Forrest suitably responded,, making generous reference to the hospitality ol Bishop Salvado, whom lie hod known since his boyhood. The bazaar was continued in the evening, when there was a large attendance, also on Friday and Saturday. Fears are now entertained that we may never hear anything more 1 of Ahdree and his balloon. If ported as having been seed sea off the Spitzbergen cod remains of the balloon, apprehended as to tJie J It is, however, still may have descended . k balloon safely in locality, and may ej to make his way oif either succeed or ! fore life is extinct other Artie explon being organised by ' ment, and is to start at ohrre, lluc tlie season will be agiinst it. Herr Sverdrop, who is to lead a Norwegian expedition to the North next year, intends to be on the look-out, and Lieutenant Pearson will no doubt also keep Ins eyes open for traces of Andree ; but these expeditions do not start before June, and that may be too late for effective succour. Attention is directed to the beautifully illustrated advertisement of Messrs. Caris Bros., the premier jewellers and gold and silversmiths of W.A., appearing on another page. Now that C'.iristnius is near a person cannot do better than pay a visit to the toy and fancy bazaar, No. 10 M'Ness's Royal Arcade. This shop has one of the finest assortments of toys and fancy goods in Perth. It is well worth visiting the bazaar as the prices are within the reach of all. Why should mountain air be beneficial to persons with weak chests? is a question often propounded. By all accounts breathing becomes more difficult the higher we rise in the atmosphere, and weak-lunged people find it difficult enough to breathe freely at the Ordinary levels. It is just this ; slight difficulty of. breathing >at moderate elevations which is a main factor in pro- ; ducing the good effects that are derived from the change. Weak- chested people do not, • as a rule, inflate their lungs fully when they breathe, and a seini-collapsed state is the result. To remedy this the physician strives to combat the disinclination or disability to take a full breath, and resorts to several expedients with this object; but his favorite, and best, is to send his patient to a high station for some months. Up there the air is, of. course, thinner than down below, ' arid the life processes cannot be carried on without more of it; the patient is, as it were, forced to take a greater volume of air into the lungs than formerly, though he may be unconscious of the fact. At all events, he soon gets accustomed to the effort, the lungs expand to the service required of them, getting stronger by the exercise, and the patient is generably atyle to keep the thing up when he returns to the lower levels. Mr. Milne Edwards, the celebrated zoologist, has made an examination of the various forms of life which thrive among the bones which line the extensive catacombs -of Paris. The little animals, which live among the relics of 6,000,000 souls, packed into these underground galleries, are chiefly insects,, centipedes, and crustaceans, but they are so curiously altered by their surrounding conditions as to present some interesting features to the naturalist, They form an intermediate or transition species between those which live in the light of day and the same animals found in natural caves. The prevailing color is white, of different shades, for light is required for the development of the colors of pigments in animals and plants. Some insects, which have red eyes, apparently sound, are blind And when a light approaches they show no symptoms of alarm until they feel the heat of it. In others the place where the eyes ought to be is covered with integument, and there is no trace of the eye. To compensate for this deficiency, the auditory and tactile systems are abnormally developed, simple or forked hairs growing; all over the body, helping the animal to find its prey or avoid some danger. 