THEMYSTERY OF MELAHIE; OE, Through Darkness to Light, By VICTOR POWER, Author of "A Secret of the Past," ' A Perilous Venture," etc., etc. .wr.PMlS or PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. V, Ai'TKltS I. TO |II.— llaroio ucr.i.B vcnier are engaged lovers and shortly fo bo married- Harold Vance has succeeded u a baiidscinc estate, from Ms grand uncle, lip only proviso being tbat be shall adopt the or Ucviug. Alice occasional y sees a rloTd on lier lover's brow, but he' ridicules her fo- her anxictv, though the fact remains that L'lias a past which he would fain forget. On ariiviug home from a canter in the woods, Alice finds a visitor waiting for: her, Melanic Oaravo whom she had met at a French pen sion some years before. This sinister, serpent- 'llk'c woman catches a glimpse of Harold Dcring and staggers hack. "Can I believe my eyes'." says She." "or is it only a chance resemblance!" Melanic is perturbed by the presence of Har old, and declines to meet him at dinner, tel ling Alice thai lier happiness should never be ruined by li'T. Alice begins to think that her French friend has taken leave of her senses. CHAPTERS IV. TO VI.— Harold and the French sirl recognise each other, but about ilioir previous relationships there hangs a mys tery. Mela nie in the dead of night leaves her room and has an interview with Harold. She is discovered as she returns by Alice, who de mands an explanation, and she states that it is '.he effect of being a somnambulist. The next day llaroiu ueriug comes vo veu, unu meets M-iani"- CIIAPTKHS YTT. and VIII.— The meeting of Harold and Melanic considerably disturbs the equilibrium o! the former, and during a tem- poran- solitude he groans "How am I to go through with it V Hnw aiu 1 to play out this meiirscd tragedy to the bitter end?" Alice is nioutaMv disturbed by her lover's manner, and has a -minge suspicion flashing upon her la-art. CHAPTERS IX to XIII.— The siren Melanin continues ty weave her spell around sboso with whom she eomiw in contact. A young Scotch artist. Alan G allium, is fascinated with her. nnii'h ni the chagrin of Hilda Fenton, who her- nrlf is in love with .Mali. Alice surprises Harold and Melanic having a sccre meeting at a tvyst- iug place, anil is licart-broken at the sight. As flic is liiuiinaiing on lier wrongs slie sees Harold IlijiMa'-hinii. riiAPTF.lt XIII— (Continued.) Alice entered tile cottage, and beheld the boy sealed by a fire of sticks an«l iii-i ones, his bead, resting on a block of woi-iil. which served the purposes of a cushion and a stool, as occasion re quired, lmvy's pale face and wistful dark eyes learned with pleasure as 'Alice X'eriv r came beside him; for lie had always loved "Miss Alice," who wa«. indeed, one of his best friends. "1 cannot slay now, Davy; but I will funic owr very soon and spend an hour talking t-i you,'. Alice said, one of her sh inier hands gently laid on his shoul der. "Oh. ilien. do. miss — do, Miss Alice." .hnliih erifil, eagerly, "for he's always talking: about "ee, dearie, and wishing Volt'il come." "AVcii. |e| u in- to-morrow afternoon, li' ii." Alice said. "So good-bye for the M'-.wm. Davy," and, drawing out her purse, she placed some silver in the lew's shrunken hand. "And now, Judith, I must go at once. They are all wait- 1 lu? for me. We are going to the Moated fining,-. and 1 want the ltey." , Judith Dare started, and stared at Alice i". >i- a moment, and her grizzled brows were contracted with a l'rown of Inquiry and fear. \- "fining io the Grange. Miss Alice ? Purely, surely, not there!" . "Come. now. Judith! You know I am hot afraid of ghosts and goblins," Alice aifl. an unpleasant little thrill passing Ihiviugh her. nevertheless, at the pallid scow of Judith's witch-like face. "Miss Alice, Miss Alice, you won't go "mo that accursed house! You won't, dearie ! Promise old Judith that you .Won't!" Ihi; at this instant Mrs Lav less, who had grown impatient, appeared at the "oor, and there was nothing for it but to KuiTi:nd,-r the key forthwith. . Good-bye. Davy, until to-morrow," Rlice said, as site left the cottage kitchc-n. jood-bye. Judith. I will bring the key back wln-n i come to- morrow afternoon." . Judith stood at the cottage door, Sizing after Alice's, retreating figure, , sl, auge fear and anxiety still dark ening- her face. .""fc'hai a dreadful old hag that is!" Mrs WaS lneanwliile saying to Alice. ne always reminds me of one of the Fhehes in Macbeth.' " f.'V1' so y>u've secured the key," Alan van Ca"ei out- "I was afraid there c- -I: sonic disappointment; and. do you know, I am filled with a ghastly kind of eagerness to behold this haunted house." "Well, your anxiety shall be soon gra tified now, Mr Graham." Mrs Lawless said. "The Grange is within ten min utes' walk from here." A silence again fell over the party, and their footsteps seemed to iag a little, per haps involuntarily. The gloom of the tangled path had deepened; the briar and fern grew so rankly here that the pedestrians were forced to advance one by one. Already the sun was dropping in the westward, and through a break in the deep-massed woodland, here and there, a shaft of fire shot its quivering arrow, and illumina ted live gnarled and moss-grown trunks, as with the l-eflected glow of a conflagra tion. Alan led the way, Melanie following .close behind. She was utterly silent now, and that dark presentiment oppressed her with an intensity as inexplicable as it was terrifying. The path took a sharp turn to the right, and instantly Alan Graham halted. "By Jove! this must be it— and what a weird picture!" His eyes had fallen upon a quaint. Elizabethan building, with high-pointed gables, a steep roof, and tall, ivy-grown chimneys. The wild wood spread behind, forming a solemn and mysterious back ground. The front of the building was covered with ivy which had crept almost across the windows and climbed up the roof in tangled and pictuvesque luxuri ance. The moat had for many years been filled in, and was now covered with a. dense thicket of briar and hazel. "I shall most certainly paint this place!" Alan cried, his face kindling with artistic enthusiasm. "Is it not exactly like a picture, Miss Garaye?" he added, turning to address Melanie. He was startled at the pallor of her face— at the look of shrinking horror in her eyes. Her lips were quivering, and a hue of lead was gradually replacing their usual coral tint. "Hush, hush— say nothing, I implore of you'" she whispered, in French. " I shall explain all afterwards. Don't let these people suspect— anything! With these extraordinary words she averted her eyes, and Alan Graham was too amazed and startled to reply, li was a reli-f to him when the rest of tb<' imrty came up, and they ail advanced to dm mouldering donr of the house. , "You see, those windows aie almost made an cniuutu W"Bu'"'vou seem to forget that we arc thoroughly respectable tourists Mr Dcr- 5-it- niui not housebreakers at alb Kail- saldl and Mr _c.io.ry vo,« wa« a welcome sound just now. Alice placed the kcy in the turned it 'upon 'its creaking Wnand they all stepped into the square, panelled hall. .pss It cinells like a vault, Mrs Lavti-Ss said "But what exquisitely car\cd pa nels! It is really a pity not to lescore th"Th'erc is o famous carved mantelpiece in this room. I rentembe.W Alice said, entering through a dooi at the ban. "ide of the hall. "It represents building of the walls and gates of the as tow in the Srd Jerusalem, i utiio"-, » . , -nd 4th chapters of Nehemiah. They now found themselves ma eI?a" .-r-vrimcnt the walls lined with c.l0Ub, Vlpuoned panels. the magnificent- t0 the C<?'Hlaw extraordinary!" Alan Graham . . 1f(i "\ve must examine this bet- e5Th!-y leftethelrcSm by a second door. anVbegan to ascend an staircase, with a broad lusttadeot crthS,SiC:rdarklobby turned to the left, and Miss Katlierine walked down this passage and paused before a low arched door at the end. "This is the Cedar Room," she said. "Shall I open the door?" "Why not?" cried Alan; and as he spoke, he glanced at Melanie — why lie knew not — and saw that her very lips were white. A pang of self-reproacli darted through him. He had selfishly gratified his de sire to behold tills ghostly spot; hut the sliain was evidently too great for this highly-strung girl's nerves. "Miss Garaye, let us return!" he said at once. "You look ill— you arc fright ened!" "Xo — no — it will soon pass away. It is only a foolish fancy. It cannot be anything else!" she gasped, almost in- audibly. "Let us enter the. room. I must — I must behold it!" Alan accordingly turned the handle and pushed the door open, and all stepped across the threshold of the fatal room. A low-ceiled, panelled room it was, with one ivy-shrouded window looking out upon the wild wood behind. At first tlie room seemed to be almost in dark ness; but, little by little, as the-.eyes of the explorers became accustomed to the gloom, every detail of the chamber was distinguishable. A great carved cabinet, black with age, stood tall and grim in the recess close to the window; the remains of a harpsichord — over whose yellow keys poor Rachel Verner's slender fingers may have often wan dered — seemed to shrink from scrutiny within an opposite recess. The floor — portions of which had mouldered away —was of tak, and a carved oaken settee was placed against the wall facing the ivied window. The rushing sound of a cascade was heard from without; and Alan, peeling through the dusty, cob-webbed window, saw dimly a deep gorge immediately be low and the flash of the falling tor- lent. "Just look here—" ho was beginning, when the words were arrested on his lips. With a shrill, piercing cry, Melanie threw her arms about Alice Vcrner, and bid her face on the girl's breast. "Alice, Alice, it is the room of my dmtni!" she gasped, horror-stricken. "The moment I saw the house I recog nised it— but— but I did not dare to be tray the truth. Then, when we entered, every sight my eyes fell on seemed strangely familiar to me. Yet still 1 conquered my terror and was speechless. Now — now 1 .mi overcome at last. It is tlie very room— the panels— the ivied window — the dreadful moan of the cas cade without! Alice, Alice, why did wc come to this spot?- this fatal spot— for me!" The words wwc almost inaudible. save to Alice's cars alone— Inn .-in unpleasant thrill' passed. through the startled on lookers, and, in bewildered silence, tliey could only glance into one another's faces, not knowing what to say. " Melanie, your nerves are unstrung. This is sheer fancy and utter nonsense!" Alice said, recovering from the little shock of Melanie's sudden outburst. "Come — we shall leave this house at once. It is a gloomy place. I'm not MII|H lIMt J U" "Wait, Alice— wait!" Melanie interpos ed, almost wildly. "I must be thorough ly certain of this." She broke away from Aiiee, and rush ed to the far corner of the room, just beside the end of the oaken settee. Slie_ stooped close to the floor, and , with trembling hands, brushed away tlie dust and cobwebs. Then a gasping shriek escaped 'her lips, and she sank back upon the settee. "See — see!" she cried, indicating" a dark stain upon tlie floor, faintly visible in the dying light from the window, "it is— it must be — the stain of blood. I knew —I knew I was not mistaken." The words died off her lips with a gasp of horror, and she fell forward in a dead woon upon the floor. CHAPTER XV.— THE VERGE OF AX ABYSS. Melanie slowly recovered, and opened her eyes at last upon the glowing wood land, bathed in the crimson beads of the setting sun. Alan Graham had carried her down in his strong arms from that room of hor- ror.and had placed the unconscious form, on the mossy sward beyond a screening thicket which shut out altogether the view of the haunted house. "I— I. am better now," the girl gasped feebly as consciousness crept back again to her senses. "Let us-let us go away from here." ,, . , "But you cannot possibly walk just yet, Melanie," Alan cried, unconsciously using the name which he always called her in his dreams and reveries. ' "Don't you think. Miss Verner, that we had bet ter send for a conveyance of some kind?" he added, turning to Alice, "That can be easily managed," Ha rold interposed at once. "My place is within half a mile of us now. I shall cross the ground ill ten minutes, and send on the carriage." "And is the road far from here?" Alan asked. His voice was full of wistful anxiety. Hilda Fenton's last hope seemed to die out, as she looked at his pale, troubled face. "Well, there is a disused woodland road, which was formerly, I suppose, the approach to the Grange, within 20 yards of where we stand," Harold an swered. "Perhaps I had better get a pony trap, instead of the carriage; for, I daresay, it is a long time since a ve hicle of any kind passed along that way." This was! accordingly decided oil, and Harold hastened away. | Within half an hour tlie pony trap ar rived, and Alan insisted on taking Me lanie in his arms and carrying her to tlie woodland road where the vehicle was waiting. The girl was soon placed with in the little carriage, and she lay back, with closed eyes, against the cushions. Alan walked beside lier, one arm resting on the cushioned back of the seat which Melanie occupied, and the man servant then went to the pony's head and led the animal along the rough, grass-grown l'oad, while the rest of the party followed, almost in silence now — so unpleasantly had this extraordinary incident impres sed them all. The road wound in and out between tlie woods, which gradually became scat tered; and at last only detached groups of lordly timber stuciuea me jid.iii-i.uiu, here and there. Alan was watching Me- lanie's pale face, his heart full of yearn ing tenderness and anxiety, when, sud denly lifting his eyes, he beheld a tall, slim, foreign-looking stranger slowly coming along the road towards the ad vancing vehicle. As the man drew nearer his face came into view— a dark, sinis ter, forbidding-looking face, with a blue- black moustache and imperial, and sin gularly vivid, black, glittering eyes. The stranger wore :t dark overcoat, riclily trimmed at the collar and wrists with black Astrachan, and a soft, black felt hat was pulled forward over his fore head. As lie approached the pony-trap he ':i used suddenly, shot a. keen, scatch- I ing glance straight into Melanic's pale I face, then turned abruptly, and stepping ' through a gap in the low, moss- grown ! fence, disappeared amid a clump of trees: 1 immediately beyond. I Alan Graham turned and glanced round at the others, who were, however. I so far behind thai this apparition had ! escaped their novice, with the exception, I at least, of Alice Verner and Harold. ! They also, had observed the figure and ' the sudden exit of the approaching man. "1 wonder who in the world can tlie fellow have been?" Alan asked himself. "He was evidently a Frenchman, and— and lie lias evidently recognised Me lanie!"— and. Alan felt an uneasy thrill i nt the thought. . , . It relieved him slightly to think that Melanie. at least, had not seen the un- known. and was spared possibly anotner shock to her cruelly-tried nerves this _ afternoon. . , I "How do vou feel now? Alan said, pvesently.shakingoff the influence of tlie ptrangor's appoaiunct»t anfl deciding tbat he would' say nothing to Melanie as to this incident. ' I "Thank you, 1 — X fini much belter, i am almost well again, indeed," the girl faltered— "as well as 1 can expect nr he until— until I have easel my conscience somewhat by Caking a decisive step, up on which I am now determined." These strange words were uttered in French, and in a slow, grave voire, as if tlie girl was talking to herself rather than addressing Alan. . , . , "How do you mean. Melanic? said, his voice trembling a little as lie again "Do nol ask me to explain now. I cannot utter the words, even to you whom I trust so absolutely. I am in great distress, Mr Graham"— and she suddenly unclosed her eyes and turned them upon his face, with a look of fear and anguish in their dilating pupils, "I am trembling on the verge of an abyss. I. know it. I feel it. I have been already warned of this. But if my doom is inevitable, at least, at least I have it in my power to atone somewhat for a very wicked deception before it is too late." "Melanie, I implore of you not to think of those things— whatever they may be —just now, at all events," Alan cried, almost passionately. "My heart aches when t see yovc avuv.ering Hps and that look of pain and terror In your eyes. Me!, lanie," he went on, utterly unable la check the words, "I want to have a long, long talk with you ; and as we may have r.o opportunity for doing such during this evening, will you promise to mce! me on the rustic bridge in the wood to morrow afternoon? Do not— do nol re fuse!" He was bending eagerly towards hei- the hot color had rushed to his temples; his eyes were full of pleading — full ot the love that had now at last hurst from all its restraining bonds, at the sight of the girl's distress. He felt a chivalrous Impulse !o pro tect and comfort her in this trial, what ever it was. Her grief was also his, and he registered within his lieari, al this moment, a vow that lie would stand fearlessly between Melanie and this mysterious danger, of which, as the gir) had just staled, she had already been "warned.'' "Promise tbat you will be there Me lanie. I will wait all the afternoon fo« you, if you only tell me tbat vou wil" come." Her eyes wore again fixed on his. aa lie spoke. The look of terror in tliein for a moment softened into an expres sion of tenderness— of love. "Be it so, then, Alan," slip said, her voice dropping to a whisper, "I trust you utterly. 1 can never, never again meet such as you! Yes; I will be there. Then we can talk freely— you and I— to our selves." A long, quivering sigh followed lliosi words, and again she lay back, with closed eyes, against the cushions. And by this time they had emerged upon tlie highroad leading direct to the Chase, and to tlie village half a mile be yond. The afternoon tea at the Chase was a rather disappointing affair, notwith standing the praiseworthy efforts of Mrs Lawless and Miss Katlierine to keep up a lively crossfire of conversation. The visit to the Moated Grange Willi its tragic ending, had cast a gloom over everybody's spirits, and even tlie bright, cheerful, old drawingroom, with its oriel windows looking out over a rolling park, studded with great elms and oaks, failed to restore the clement of liveliness to Harold Bering's guests. "I'm sure I hope tilings will took up a little when Ave get to Tcigncroft," Mrs i Lawless at last said to Miss Katlierin ' in an "aside." "This, is dreadfully de pressing." ) At the same moment Ethc-l Fenton was expressing some of her pent-up fcelimrs I to her sister. | "It is really intolerable that that oil!- I oils girl should put us all into this stale!" Ethel said, with a very wrathful glance j at Melanie. Hilda only sighed in answer. Her sweet face was pale, and her eyes wore i a. look of disappointment. The day had been colorless, and wearisome to her, ! and she already wished thai it was at an i end. j At six o'clock the landau from J'etgn- croft arrived at the Chase, and Harold's j brougham was also drawn up at Uie door. j "Thank heaven!" Mrs Lawless said AOI-.'.MI 1 ,1 nn ,,!« .1 l.—.. - % I .«-! 1 CtlLI.V, lis SHU IlL'J person amid the luxurious cushions of the brougham. "I thought I should have choked every minute during the ordeal of that dreadful tea!" ".Surely, the worst is over.- was Miss Katherine's consoling answer. "Tcign croft is always a cheerful house. And. a good dinner is an excellent antidote for those who have supped full of horrors. You'll see!" Miss Katlierine s nojienti promise was, in part at least, fulfilled. The brightly- lit diningroom at Teigneroft.thc glori ous fire, with a blazing log crowning its ruddy pile, the savory odors of the 1 viands, tlie flash of silver and cut-glass I the array of flowers, and the pretty cos- I turries of the girls, all combined to coun- II teract the gloomy influences of the visit to the Moated Grange; and as the night wore on everybody seemed to be in 'uir'v ' good form once more. I Melanie again wore the rich dark-blue ' velvet costume, with its heavy cream 1 lace at the throat and wrists, the scar let girdle and slippers, the glittering jewels on her fingers, and Alice's chain and pendant about her neck. Alan Graham's eyes followed every movement of hers all through that night, just as though he were feasting bn the loveliness of some favorite picture. AU too soon for him, the night came to an end, and the carriage from the Hall rolled round to the front door. "You wont forget to- morrow atter- noon?" he whispered, as Jie assisted Me lanie into the vehicle and helped her to arrange the rues. "Never fear. I shall be there as early '"as I can." " "1 will ' wait until night if neces sary," he whispered back, and then made his adieux'to the others. "Alan, my boy," George Fenton said to lis friend, balf-an-hour later, as the two lounged hi the smoking-room, "I fear you are treading on dangerous ground. Don't you think you had better draw the line — now?" Alan Graham suddenly tossed his cigar into the grate, and impulsively caught one of George's hands In his. "Look here, George; I can trust you— and I must tell somebody!" he cried, his face and eyes aglow. "I'm going to meet that girl to- morrow afternoon, and I will ask her to be my wife. If she refuses me, I shall never know a happy day again!" CHAPTER XVI.— JUDITH DARE IS STARTLED. Melanie was strangely silent as thev drove back to the Hall. When they arrived, she went up slow er to her own room and cast herself into Che big arm-chair, in which she hud so often sat, during the past eventful week. "Yes — yes, nothing can shake me now,' was the thought that filled ker heart -. "My plans are formed. It is too late to Bhriuk! Come what may, I will tell him \- so clearly — to-morrow." There was a light knock at the door, and Alice entered. "Melanie, won't you take some supper before you go to bed?" "No, Alice, nothing; hut I am so glad you have come!" Melanie said, rising and approaching her friend. "I want to say a word to you, darling. I want to ask you to forgive me." "To forgive you, Melanie?" Aiic-e fal tered, and a sudden color rose to her cheeks. "For what?" "For any trouble — any pain or bitter ness I may have caused you, Alice," was Melanie's low- spoken reply; and now she bad wreathed her arms about Alice's waist, and her face sank upon the other's slioulder. "Alice, I would not willingly pain you .or all the wide world. Whatever you may hereafter think of me — however you may blame and detest me — of one thing, at least, you may always be assured. It is this. I never voluntarily injured you by word or act. I loved you from the mo ment our eyes first met; and for the ex traordinary manner in which we have \- been situated toward each other— you and I — since my coming here. Fate, and Fate only, js responsible. It has been none of my doing! In coming here, 1 came simply and solely to see you once again — to bid you farewell, before you should pass out of my life for ever, and into the keeping of another. No sinis ter motives of any kind suggested my unexpected visit. But you look puz zled, and even frightened, Alice," she broke off, with a long, quivering sigh. "I shall not weary you with any furtliei words to-night. One thing only I will »sk you. Do you believe that I have spo ken sincerely and genuinely to you now? Do you give me credit for this, at least?" She lifted her head, and gazed stead fastly, pleadingly, into Alice's eyes. It was the first time, since their acquaint ance had begun, that Alice had seen her look like this. Alice hardly knew what to say; and Melanie was at once aware of her hesitation. "You will not answer! You distrust me utterly — and 1 have brought tnis up on my own head!" Melanie cried, burst- .. Eng into French. "What is left to me in life, Alice, if you lose faith m my friend ship!" "You are excited. Melanie — your nerves are unstrung," Alice said, hurriedly. "You should not have visited that un lucky house. The shock has been too much for you." "Ah, it was a shock! But, still, still It has opened my eyes 'to my true posi tion, and filled me with the desire to alone somewhat for my acts. Alice 1 cannot explain things further to-niglil. Since you refuse to be convinced of my aincerity, I can only wait until you know all — and then, at leas;, you may be more t merciful. I will speak fully, perhaps to-morrow — or, if my courage, fails me, Ernay write the confession instead. Yes; I think that would be easier for me. I will write everything to you from Lon don; for I leave - to- morrow, if pos sible. I can remain no longer in this place." "Leave here to- morrow, Melanie?" Alice echoed. "Surely there is no neces sity for that." Yet there was a faint tone of relief in her voice, and Melanie's sensitive ear perceived it. "I must go, Alice; I dare not linger! I have never before been subjected to such sl trial— and only that I can trust fully in the affection and sincerity of a true friend and champion, I should be desper ate, indeed! I shall ask his advice to morrow, and will act as he says. Oh, bow my head aches!" she broke" off sud denly with a little moan and shiver, "Good-night, Alice. Leave me now!' Impulsively Alice stooped and kissed her, and Melanie clung to her for a mo ment, and spoke no further word. Then Alice was gone, closing the door Softly behind her. <To be continued.) 