?nMptlAN NOVEL, [?] [?] [?] ^^^^^^HBBpMrowLTiiil'utui'dti-ii Htadymutt *wkjr by the ss you see * jopiket,* j bim. to ri ji. orrather that ^^KK&B2mKm;$;^e--wis impressed |HjHH^^^^HR^h'at |:«ometblD£ was HHH^p|itf ',^Dr *e ^H^BB|B^»S^^^^^Q£%b|iUEj))cibns7ere S^V* maHe ipto .execution his ^^H^^^^^^giiidtroubioQEmeditation ^HHB^^^^nblyed':pii ' a certain course HHBB^pi^jl^bnng instters to a crisis. WBB|pBBB'^w'g^te Bioomfield and Jarvis H^ffi^mM^^theiin secured until he had BH^^^rapoitijjuty of gping on shore and BBjjKpj%g frjiat really was happening. It ^^^^irfji H^iirr thr filripprr tn leave his single hour. iti such a B8& ffiij^%nd -try to think well of Bloom S^ 'ii Stfi'story as he might, a hadnting Hp ? fopteion that it was untrue clung to B$ tH^f^taah.- ,;' ! he. earlier part of tbe evening! r'had whispered his suspicions to j yiwhowas just as faithful to the nasVas Farrell himself. Though n of Action had been decided on, 1 knew well he could depend on mrade, and after long thought tolve wastaken. iealing with Bioomfield and tbe ibatk, Pete well knew he had no opponents to contend with, yet ct aid not deter or alter his reso na one o'clock when he turned take his watch with Bioomfield, -r nearly two hours all went well, le whole of that period farrell ebn 'watching his opportunity to upon and overpower his com mit the opportunity never seemed ne. At length it became clea» lloomfield was just as alert in ing ; Farrell as - was the faithful n in seeking a chance against the s fact only strengthened Pete in spicions that a plot was well on gainst the. crew of the Pandora, i.oddened by the watchfulness of iw recognised antagonist, Farrell ;d to act openly. There were no ins' handy, and as daylight was aching he decided to use mere and overpower his mate, omfield was a man of uncommon ;th, but Farrell was very liercules ad no fear of the result of a hand id contest After waiting his tunity he suddenly seized Bloom who certainly did not expect the As the young ruffian tried to for assistance Farrell nearly led him. and things would have rery serious for Bioomfield had ilp came to his aid. '^i .'-'As lie and Farrell were struggling on deck Jarvis came to his com ^fv panion's aid. He had been hiding illy %#fn(tragst some casks, and armed with ^.%|*'J)elaying pin he made a savage blow f^tjg'lfcnril. It was well for the latter §p^$pit & saw the evil-faped fellow in lllfptfipw td anoid the deathly blow. T ear- iino ^itjio^-\f 4m m thegtipof Bioomfield Klli^jumped to his feet and dealt Jarvis pllipiMaiB hltiw. which sertt him reeling ^^®^#m j*rde t-ack, while *t the same loudly for Hardy. ' diversion aided when released,msh«d towbertthe maAetsitere secreted. Knowing full well that death was cer tain ^f he stopped, Farreir ran to the boat, and catting the painter, gate it a. tremendous shove off. , As be did so a sbpt sounded on deck followed by a low cry from Hardy. Seeing that Farrell wit fTing, tfae ruffians lost no time in endeavoring to prevent his flight There was. only the one boat on tbe. brig, and if lost would be very serious.' If.Fanell got off clear it meant that they would be unable to get ashore in search of Nell and Mrs Young. In spite of all they could do, Farrell managed to escape, though many shots were fired after him. Nevertheless, j the occupant had a narrow escape, for { two bullets struck the craft close by bim. j To make matters worse, be was] in doubts about Hardy, though he con- ! eluded be was dead. It would have] been madness to return to the brig i unarmed in search of Hardy, so he pulled to the shore in the bope of finding the party. When he landed he soon found his friends. When be, had finished the narrative, Cooney said : * What do you think ought to be done now, Pete ? Those ruffians have j ?till *he upper hand, though, thanks to you, we are in a much better position.' * I've been thinking that tbe best pUn is to try aod get back to the brig. There are six of us, leaving Nell and Mrs Young out, and I don't see why we shouldn't be able to overpower them. , There is oo other way as I can see,' concluded FarrelL * I believe in that idea,' interrupted Walker. ' We must get back to the brig by hook -or crook. To stay here would be worse than death, for we haven't got food, and most be miles away from Sydney.' ' We're a long way from Sydney, that's certain, and I'll willingly risk ray life to get possession of the good old ihip Don't you think it would be better to Me the scoundrels and try to come to some terms with diem Tbey are not in a very safe position,' replied tbe captain. 'Toms, man?' echoed Kinloch. ' Terms with thieves and murderers ? Don't think of it, skipper, for it's either death to us or death to them. We must not give or take quarters 1 think that Pete's idea is tbe best, and I will be glad to make one to attack th£ brig.* A prolonged discussion ensued over the proposal, and at length it was agreed upon. Though only one gun was in 'their possession, the 'skipper. shcfWed how. the boat could be pro-' tected to render it comparatively safe from the bullets ot the ruffians, but as it would be necessary to take all, in cluding tiie women, the idea was abandoned. As blades were supposed to be in the vicinity it would be dangerous .to* leave -the women on shore unarmed, and tjiat fact caused the captain to withdraw his proposal. There was also work to be done on land which might occupy some time. The search for Young, now known to be alive, and also for Sidmouth was to be prosecuted, whilst burial was re quired for poor Thorns. One more pressing importance however was the necessity of obtaining some food, for with the exception of Farrell, hone of the party had eaten anything since the previous morning. For this purpose the men broke up into twos and made a search just below the neck of the peninsula. There they discovered an ample supply of bananas, which afforded nourishing food and con siderably cheered the spirits of the party. In order that a surprise should not be sprung upon them a watch was kept from the hill on the brig. It seemed scarcely probable that Bioomfield and Jarvis would attempt to land, though they could easily find means to do so. With the empty barrels and spars a small raft could be constructed to take them to land, yet it was hardly ex j pected that they would attempt it. In fact, it would have been only tempting Providence and playing into the hands of the party on shore. Therefore none of the party anticipated such an act on tbe part of the conspirators. As soon as tbey ate their fill of bananas, small parties were formed to prosecute the search for Young and Sidmouth, while the captain and one of the men attended to the burial of Henry Thorns. Ellen took up a posi tion on the look-out, armed with tbe musket. Mrs Young joined Kinloch and Murdoch, who formed the mangrove swamp searchers. No traces of Young could be found in the mangroves, and that was not to be wondered at in such , a place. What troubled them most, was the fact that a man in Young's state could not long stand the ex posure and privations he must en counter in such a place, and it seemed certain that if he was not soon found death would result From noon until after three o'clock the heat was intense, and feeling a necessity tor conserving the men's strength for the approaching attack which was to be made on the brig, Cooney ordered them to rest during the period in the welcome shade on the bill side. Shortly after three o'clock Walker went down to the river for some water, an old bucket having been found in the boat. He struck the bank close to the point at which the men had landed on the previous day and turned a few yards out of his way to have a look at the grave of bis late comrade, Thorns, who had been buried close to where he was shot. As he pushed his way through the intervening scrub and emerged on a small opening on the river bank be paused in pleased but curious astonish-' roent, for there standing over the newly made grave was tbe missing man Young looking down on the fresh earth with wild and staring eyes. Fearing that he should again give them thesli|^®er%EtTOUnd tOthS rear so ai ^p^betw^en the teaman and themangrove. swamp, and theji quickly %t^ffi|d, c|lling him by Bs name, YoaMiurnedat the sound bf the voice buiMtrtyed acarcely any re cognition^ hod Walker ? rightly con cluded the tkttiorttthkte man *»'* lost histeasd&^lpi1'' - ' C^me alMg iritb jne, Bill, old boy, and get soa«^|g to eat. You look half dead, What has happened you?' spoke his .c&tarBde;,,: laying a strong hand on. Jits tea and pointing towards the hillside^ - For a moment or two a flash of intelligence gleamed out of the man's eyes and he feebly pointed in the direction of the Swamp, and then put his hand oh the 'top of hit bead. Walker did not wait for further talk, but finding Young docile as a child, gradually led him back to the camp, where the appearance of the much sought man gave unbounded satisfac tion. Captain Cooney had a thorough knowledge of practical remedies for ordinary injuries, and aihort examina tion soon .convinced him that Young bad* received a tnurdefous blcMr-oaihe head which had unhinged his mind.. In such a climate, and wandering about wabout food as the unfortunate man had done, the wonder was the blow had not made him a raving lunatic. As it was he was more im becile than violent, and the skipper told his wife and his comrades tbat with rest, food, and nursing he had every hope that the injured man would recover in a few days. ' It's no use worrying him now with questions. He wants sleep. Give me that cloth yonder, and when we bind his bead he mutt be made sleep. The want of it is killing him,1 concluded die skipper. The truth of this was soon apparent, for when the man's injured head had been attended to and food given bim he almost immediately dropped into a deep sleep, from which it was expected he would awaken much better. Mrs Young watched over htm to keep off the irritating insect* which swarmed around PART IV. As evening approached, Captain Cooney and Murdoch decided to again cross the neck of the peninsula to where tiie wild bananas grew and get a further supply of the fruit, and in the meantime Kinloch and Walker, with Ellen, were busy constructing a kind of rough shield to serve as a protection in the attack on the brig. They bad also made half a dozen stout ropes from some tough creepers which grew around. These were so formed that they could be thrown over the bul works, and holding there, would afford a means for the attS ckers to clamber on hpard at difierent points. The more they considered the utidfertaktn'g' the better seemed their chance of success, and the trio worked with a cheerfulness which for the last twenty-four hours had been unknown to them. As Captain Cooney left the camp Ellen called to him : ' Take the gun, father, as you might want it over there. We are quite safe here.' ' I don't believe there is a black fellow in the whole district, Nell. We haven't seen a trace of one, and tbose scoundrels were only adding to the budget of lies they told us when tbey said the place was swarming with them,' cheerily and confidently re sponded the old captain. ' But there may be wild beasts in this unknown place Be on tbe safe side,' urged the girL 'Come on, Murdoch, and don't mind the little wench. We'll be back in half an hour, Nell,' and Cooney waved his band to the girl as he strode away with his companion in the direc tion of the banana growth. ' It's more than half an hour since father left. More like an hour,' Ellen said to Walker as she noticed the long absence of ber father. ' They surely couldn't get lost. If they don't soon return I'll fire off the musket as a signal,' sbe concluded. As if answer to the words a haggard blood-stained man burst into the camp with the portion of a spear projecting from his right shoulder, and in an instant all recognised Murdoch. 1 Quick !' he gasped, ' the skipper may be killed. Tbe blacks attacked us — a hundred or more of them — and you see I did all I could to save the captain, but it meant death to me also. There were too many of them, and 1 came for help,' he cried. White as a ghost, Ellen had jumped to her feet, and seizing the musket, called on Farrell and Walker to follow her, but the wounded Murdoch stepped in front. \- I must go with you. Cut this cursed thing off short, Peter, so that it won't catch in the scrub. You don't know where to go, but I'll show you, he exclaimed. In a moment Farrell was using his knife, and soon the spear handle was cut off close to the shoulder. The operation must have inflicted exquisite torture, but Murdoch stood it without wincing, and then oblivious of the agony he was suffering, the brave man turned and led the way quickly from the camp in the direction of the peninsula neck. It was not more than a quarter of a nfile distant. In twenty minutes the spot at which the fruit grew was reached, and there the attack had taken place. According to Murdoch's narrative, scores of aborigines bad suddenly appeared and hurled a cloud of spears at the two men, all of which the seaman managed to avoid but one Tbe spear volley was followed by a rush of the natives, which separated the captain from his companion. Tbe latter heard Cooney call out once, 'Tell Nell I' and then all was still save the guttural cries of tbe blacks as they surged round. Seeing tbe absolute folly of attempting to hold his ground against such odds, the teeAman cut down one gigantic native with hit cutlass, and taking advantage of die momentary check it caused, retreated to the camp This was the substance of bis story. As it was highly probable that tbe aborigines would still bs lurking in the vicinity, extreme caution was used in approaching the banaha grove. The men walked in front of Ellen, carrying large pieces of thick bark to ward off the spears, and it was well the pre caution was taken. Scarcely had the party reached tbe north portion of the grove when twenty or thirty spears were hurled at them, and in a moment a score of native could be seen running from tree to tree. As the spears flew past, several being skilfully glanced off by the men, Ellen raised die musket and fired at one of the most prominent of the blacks. The shot took fata) effect, but left the party comparatively unarmed Yet all danger was past. The thunderous report of the explosion reverberating amongst the hills and gullies, coupled with die deadly result, had rendered remarkable J effect rfto the foe, who wildly scattered in all directions with met of terror. It war the first time the tribe bad ever come into contact with firearms. Seeing what bad occurred, the girl and her friends at once began the search for Captain Cooney, and though no one cared to voice tbe feeling, all regarded the quest as hopeless in so far aa finding the old man alive was concerned. Murdoch led the searchers to the last point at which he had seen the skipper, and there ominous crimson stains bote eloquent testimony to whit bad happened For some distance tracks were followed until a spot was reached, which showed plainly where the old man had fallen down in all probability dead. Yet dim was no sign of tbe body, and it became dear that the natives must have carried it away. There was just a gleam of bope that he might be alive and -»ptive in the camp of the blacks, and for more than an hour the party searched the neighbourhood in the nope of discovering some clue to the missing man. As night was fast approaching, Farrell suggested the necessity for returning. ' We can do no good here in the dark, Mistress Nell. Let us go back to the camp and see what arrange ments we can make to get back your father. Don't give way for there is yet hope,' be said Passively tbe stricken giri suffered herself to be led back, and it was indeed a mournful party which rejoined Mrs Young and her still sleeping husband on the peninsula The spear wound in Murdoch's shoulder was causing him great pain, and if .the jagged head was not taken out serious consequences might ensue. In her deadly grief Ellen did .not forget others, and the first thing she did on entering tbe camp was to extract the spear head. This was a regular surgical operation, but the girl did not shrink from tbe task, and with as little pain as possible tbe weapon was taken out, ^nd instant relief followed. It was a time for action and not for useless regrets, and soon the whole party, with the exception of Young, were engaged in an earnest conference Everything was ready for tbe attack on tbe brig, save the presence of Captain Cooney, and his daughter seemed loth to embark on tbe enterprise until she bad assured berself of her father's fate. 1 It may mean loss of life to attack the ship, and we can't afford to lose one amongst us. . One day surely ought not to make any difference, and I don't feel fit to do anything until I find father,' the girl said. I But if we get possession of the brig to-night, Mistress Nell, it will put us in a far better position to get the captain — God bless him— back. We would all be armed then, and if these niggers have injured him we could have ven geance,' argued FarrelL ' I've heard it said that these natives are mortal afraid of darkness and will not fight in the night-time. H we're not going over yonder,' and Kinloch pointed to tbe brig, 1 there is no use wasting time sitting here.' ' What would you do, Sandy ?' said Farrell. ? Wait till the moon rises and go after those murdering blacks. You and Walker and myself could follow them and the rest stay here,' he said. I I must go too, Sandy, and if the boat is used we can get right into the part where we left off the search this evening. Oh, I must go I Even now they may be torturing my poor father. I've read somewHtre they do such things,' cried the girl. ' I never heard as how these Aus tralian blacks tortures prisoners,' inter jected Walker. After further discussion, it was de cided that instead of attacking the brig a search party should be formed to go in quest of the lost captain. The night would be a bright moonlight it seemed, and the fires of the blacks would form a good means of ascertain ing their whereabouts. Murdoch would remain behind with Mrs Young and ber husband, as he was not in a fit state to prosecute the search. This was the resolve taken, and it was attended with fatal consequences to all concerned. Had the attack on the brig been undertaken instead, matters might have turned out very different It was shortly after nine o'clock when Ellen, accompanied by Kinloch, Walker, Palmer, and Fan-ell, entered the boat and began to make their way up stream. For a mile the winding turns were followed easily epough, but as the ranges were entered navigation became more difficult. The current was more rapid, and occasionally huge logs obstructed the stream. When four miles were traversed it was decided to leave the boat and search the ranges. To Be Continued 