THE SERMON. THE METHOD OF CONQUEST. A Sermon by Rtv. J. II. PRYCE, of Prahran. " Foi-v hosopver will save his life shall lose it: tut whosoever shall lose liin live (or My sake *nd the gospel 6, tlie fame Khali find it."-Mark viii. S3. The impoi taneeof Ill's passage may lie estimated by the foot tliat it is the only saving of Christ's te corded l.y all the evang lists. It is found in the ir»£pel narrative no less than six times-four times in different connections, and with slisht verbal varia tions. It is the fundamental principle of the Christian life, and as such i.enessarily claims a pro minent placo in our 1.0'tl's teaching. ' He (audit it in the first stage of His minis!ry; He related it in the last, The modern Christian admits that Christ said it, and then often insinuates that He did not mean it. tie thinks it must not lie taken literally, or hv some ingenious Interpretation, and a little toning down, he makes it correspond with hi* own inclination, and thui pruct'cally ijrnorcs the central truth of the Christian faith. Kvuk-ntly our I.ord took every care to guard against misapprehension, but for two reason* the full force of IfU meaniu- has not yet been teK First, we naturally associate the words'witti the inn-t brilliant examples of faith and courage. Thouyiit runs back to the first victories of the cross-to the days when persecution and danger tested every fibre of the soul's life; whwi Christ's witnesses, through baptii-ms of Mood, or in chariots of Ore, ivent up to receive the nurtyr's crown. To die for Christ then would have lieeti sublime; but the most exalted forms ol eelf-ahnoealion arc iid longer necessary. Sacrifice in modern tint's is merely optional, or at lea^t only required in exceptional rases. We seldom venture to give expression to such thoughts, but they aic pro-ent in many minis, and in this subtle form they damp the enthusiasm and sip the enenries of the Christian church. But this statement bsfore us voices an inflexible I.i'.v-the law of spiritual life-and it rings with divine authority. It contradicts with tremendous emphasis all such conclusions, and as serts that lite laved is lost, but life lost for Christ's Kike shall be saved. Finding the key to the paradox in the double meaning of the word life, the necessity for compliance shines as clear as noonday. M'e live because we die. We enter the realm of life only through the catc of death. " Hut all this is unnatural," we exclaim,and the ex clamation proves that the recond reason is stronger thin the first. We cannot be martyrs and we will not be monks. To lose life-iw ambitions and hopes .'every glittering prize and coveted distinction-that, £4 monatticism. The very idei of each renunciation casts* sombre shadn\v; wc think of feasting and I ears «nd penance as indispen-ahle ad junote. If Christ de ' mauds that, then spiritual perfection i ivolves asceticism : the glooin cfthe solemn clqistetg is better thp'n the free glad tuiuhino, lhen all-the tnlents we posse-s, the privileges we enjoy, the relationships that bind us togtthpr.have no religious value. But such acon oeption is utterly false. Every word ofscriptureisagalnst It, and every instinct of our nature resents it Vs a palpable absurdity. It is a relief to turn from this grotesque perversion to the inspiring annals of the early Church; or to open the Upietles and look steadilv at the figure of Paul's ideal Christian. He is a Soulier equipped for a long campaign, and our thoughts turn to the devoted sacrifice and superb heroieni that light the pages of history and fire the enthusiasm of the nations. The battlefield with it* revelations of national character and the impulses of patriotism become instinct with' moral meaning. Eleasa with ite undying memory 8f the princcly Maccabee; Thermopylto and lie Invincible strength of the Spartan 300; balaclava, the cavalry charge _ which . saved the waning prestige of the British crcis, are all eloquent of the soldier spirit, which is the grandest Illustration of Christian loyalty and sacrifice- O; course, the cynic can explain every deed of heroism and devotion-" Merely animal courage," he says. A very simple explanation, to simple that it fail* to explain amthingat mil. It Is infinitely more than courage. : , it is the passion of sacrifice; the expression of a supreme renuiiciation ;a victorious abandonment of self for the sake of Fatherland. On the eve of tattle ever* woWm porta wiUi life. . He ia pot his ow'n. lie become* obedient uhto death. Whether he is a peasant oraooblewan; whether he receives a phjlllng.a day,or derives a piinaely revenue frotp a large estate; the one binding obligation it to los««l] thought of savio^ liflh-to^gart with every wprldly ooneideratjon, am^vo demands no Ins. Jfcjs the enthusiasm of the spiritual life-the losing of self; the unreserved surrender ana Me absorption of the whole being in the divine cause lor the sake of the divine King. The patriot Is the only true subject: mdthe kingdom of God demands asplritual pwrioljra that shall Uke no bought for saving, butfloiy in losing for Christ's ^kejwd the "TfwtSow {t Zombie to criticise (he ChnrejiI; both method fjta owi* ridgaMairacdom, anfretybody fed# competent to 1 upplementtfce teaching or Ihe New Tegument It li! clear the Scriptures are not up to-date. Wc are told the Church niundec.de be; ween the rival merits of eollrniivwm and-competition ; itiuustsetHe all t'ie problems ol economic*: itmustinterpose in alldisoutes between cap tal and labour; and generally loikafter the worldly interests of all classes. Whether it is to manage the railways, and provide a complete system ol na lonal defence-it dotli noL yet aonear Now it ieadisHortive-principle that Christ's word is final, and all Christian work must proceed on"Apostolic lines. But our conception of Christian work is not necessarily limited because the spiritual element is supreme. Indeed, for that very reason it touches life at every point, and liecomei the controlling power in ?» the interests and activities of men. The hope of the world is in the regeneration of human character, and that spiritual miracle depends upon the Christ power that resides in this church. Then, if this work lies at the foundation cf moral elevation, social pro gress, and international amity, there is a sriouB question that should claim the attention of even follower of Ohrist. Why docs it procced so Blowly, More than 18 centuries have rolled away, and Chris tianity hasnot yet fulfilled its mission. It has not imbued the world with its principles, nor has it broken the power of evil. It ha9 adorned our life but the demons are npt cast out. The religion of 'love ' shines in radiant colours on the artist's canvas iglcnms from the choicest pases of literature, pulsates ii the loftiest strains of music; but this U a poor substitute for the salvation of men. What is the moral condition of this colony?-of this city? Is modern Melbourne any better than meiem Jerusalem? How does it appear to Him who went on the slopes of Olivet? The glittering surface hides nothing; from Him. His heart bleeds for the lost. His ''littleones" are lie'd captive bj' sin. The habitations of cruelty are t-ide by side with- His churches. Our cemeteries are filled with the slain, starved to death by so-called Christian civilisation, or murdered by the liquor traffic. Jlc sees it all. There are dense masses ot population as yet untouched by Christian Influence. There are hundreds of thousands who never use God's name, except in blasphemy. There is a "triple alliance "of vice, pauperism, and infidelity, which defies with infernal power and insolent contempt the religion of Jesus Christ No Cliristiau cjn dare to apologise for the existence of these evils, or to extenuate the guilty negligence of the church. O.i the contrary, "the burden of this unintelligible world" is claiming the thought and rousing the energies of every God-fearing man. We aie struggling with a sense of responsibility; feeling the sorrows and shame of a so-called Christian land; and haunted with a sense of our own impotence, we are> turning to Christ as our only hope. Suoh dis satisfaction tells its own tale. It is an unconscious confession of neglect. It is the light flashed down in answer to prayer. It is the "inward strife" that precedes submission to the divine will ana obedience i to God's commands. It is not unusual, in these daj'S of conferences and 1 conventions, for representatives of churches, afLer discussing church problems to arrive at the con clusion that nothine can be dor.e until it pleases God to do it Himself; at least this in the impression often marie by Ihe deliberation) of such assemblies. There its some vague resemblance to the truth in this find ing, yet it is utterly misleading. It is a libel upon the divine coodness. " Without Christ-, ihey say, 1 "weean do nothing," butwearenot withoutChiist. 'MYait," they repeat, " wait for the power from on high but a cl.u-ch that needs to wait for the power of the Holy Ghost is not a church at all. Then what impedes our progress? The fact is God also is wait ing-has been waiting long for men w ho will fight Ilis battles. If we want to emphasise the fact of our de pendence upon the Spirit's power, we must act, not talk. The noblest testimony is service. We are blind to the most obvious facts of the gospel, or we should Bee the reason of our inefficiency. We fail at the Cross ; it is preached, not practised. It is in our ciceds, not in our lives. .In more than one I sense the cross is still a Etumbling block, but it is J God's metlio I, and every conquest is won by sacri fice. To talk of Christ's service if it does not mean ! effort and pain and loss, is mere childishness. To ! serve II m is to feel the lunlen of souls, and share the miseries of earth, with an intensity born of the Spirit, that found divinest expression in the shame and death of Calvary. Soino few yen's ago, a critic, with unparalleled au dacity, suggested a new departure in Christian work. Ue thought one of the great dijmitiries of the chi'rch should take lodgings amonir the slums of Wl.itechapel; his example to l.e followed by 10,03} minis'e:s of .ill denominations. The very idea pro vokes a smile, hut the reason is plain. It is exactly v hat Christ meant. Tne first apostles, were they alive to-day, would do nothing less, and if the world i sever won fjr Christ, that is h w it will be done. It is true, our Church organisation might be more per/eel: our uietliols of work might be bett°r adapted for the changed conditions of modern times; larger sums of money might be raised for the exten-ion of the work ; but these things are nothing in comparison \\\ itli t he greatest need of all; Wanted men. Not systems fit and wise. Not wealth in mountain piles, Not power with gracious smiles, Not even potent pen ; Wanted men Who will lose their life for Christ's sake and I he gospel's. To repeat the story of the first days-the days of victorious s:i°cugth-the Church must comply with this demand. All history proves it. In theological circles the watchword is, " Back to Christ/' We are convinced thatcliristianity as lie taught it can cope with all evil, and is the power of God unto salvation. I(sfao"s. ideas, and forces are not of this world; they are divine in crigin and endowed with omnipotent power. Hut to go back to Christ and possess His truth may mean little or mueh. His teaching with out Ills method is inadequate to accom.lish God's purpose. What lie " has joined let no man pnt asunder." Peter believed in Christ but not in the cross. Ilis confession ?of fai'h was sublime; his opposition to the divine method of sacrifice savoured rf the things that be of men. In the palace of Oaiaphas he saved himself, but at Pentecost he lost self, and in the life of t h« Spirt he proclaimed the crucified Saviour and King of the world. Our beliefs are light, but they lack the conquering power. Never was the gospel loved mor.' than now; its majesty subdues our spirits to reverence and wonder, while its pathos and beauty melts us to tears. Our equipment, we feel, is well niirh ].c: fect, but in con scious weakness we a6k, " What l*ck I yet?' The answer is not far to seek. The whole armour of godliness niay lie a splendid defence, but somethine more is'nceded for aggressive waifare. It is the Spirit of the cross inside the armour that make* it effective. God's battles arc not fought from behind the ramparts of conventional or ecclesiastical usnge. Of course, we are prepared to doour best in our o>n way,b:it that is only veiled impertinence and self-assertion. Asoditr lias no choice, neither has a Christian, and the great leader is catling for more daring attacks, more deter mined advance, for wbole-heaited devotion and sacrifice-the losing of life for Ilis sake and the gospel's. For400 years after Christ the sands of the arena were wet with human blood 100 years after Itome was nominally Christian, in spile of the denuncia tions of the fathers, the gladiators hacked each otliFr to pieces before the areetubled multitude". Christian empcrera presided. There was not a sign that these carnivals of slaughter wcu'd yield to the siprit of the cross. The church was powerless. Hut it had one man who..believed his Lord-one man willing to lose his life for Christ's sake. Leaping from Che crowd, :he flung himself between the com batants, and died a martyr's death. The last victim to perish in' the amphitheatre, for the fury of the mob changed to admiration and'-Aspect, and conscience, once aroused, asserted the sacredness of human life. Telemachus left no memorial, but a world made better by his death. Relating this incident, even Gibbon forgets to sneer, and for once does justice to a follower of Christ. It is a type of all the conquests of Christianity. To grapple with the evils of-to-day, we need the same spirit. The uiimio thunders of the pulpit, the strongly-worded motions of church assemblies are all in vain. Prophesying and wonderful works are not all that Christ demands. Talking and scheming are not sufficient. The time for strong measures has come, end we want the men who will carry them throuzh. Wis have heard much, recently, of the " higher life," and ara likely to hear much more, though many would prefer to called it the "lowlier life f we are taught the duty of consecration, and to some extent our hearts respond to this reasonable service, but is it not time-for the world to understand what these expressions mean ? Cannot we give it palpable proofs of _ the love of Christ ? cannot we remove prejudioe, influence the imagination, awaken tvnfoathy, and convince l^atthe posPe? » * real thing by a forward movement, upon the Divine method of sacrifice lor Christ's sake and Ihe gospel's ? Churches that suit their own convenience, and are proud of their reputation, are bound to tall. They may be fashion able resorts, and wield Tontlderable social influence, rat they frustrate the Tery purpose for which they ixist. They may gratify the nsthetic tastes by rgeoui ritual and exiuifite music; they mav nleterto w IttteUictttJnculties ty eloquent and' | forcefulpreaching.iut todo GodV workthey, imiM; j Isse their life forOhristf« ~*ake and ti>e go pel's. The first ttiinir for a church, as Principal i'airbairn eavs, ' is to live, and think, And act, as if it were indeed the Saviourof then. Itexiets like iu founder to ' give its life a ransom for many."'' Iiurjip the lastholf-centuiy we hare liecome fami liar with quite a' number of new relisions. Some people say they are not new, but thai is a mistake. -They can never be anything else; they do not lact long enough to be old. Neither .can they be said to bear any striking reaembl&nce; to the one religion that survives the ravages of time. Yet they teach unselfishness as the guiding principle of life, this one srark of ethereal fire gives them untouch of postry.and saves theiri far a while from their destined oblivion. Out that spark was stolen from th« altar of the Christian faith. It caine from, the" sacred fire kindled by the Christ, and once removed from the atmosphere of spiritual- worship it soon burns out and is gone for ever. Instruction for the service of man is cheap enough, but inspiration for that service is found in Christ a'one. Without Him these lofty ideals and highbeheitsouly mock the soul's struggles, butin His presence-inihe light" of His cross-" all things ore possible to him that believeth." It is the appeal of God, the sympathy of God, the mighty hand of God etrctched out to save. For Christ's sake-is the strongest of all motives, the tenderest of all per suasives. What! For the sake of a village carpen ter? For the sake of a Jewish prophet? Is there any inspiration in.that? Even if He were the most royal of our race, even if we admit lie lived a perfect lite, and bow before the moral majesty o! His person, why should we lose our life for His sake? The full force of Christ's meaning perhaps we have never realised; we never shall if wc detach Ilis words from the " great mystery of Godliness." One of two alter natives is before us; these words mean nothing, or tl>ey mean that He was " God manifest in the flesh." If it is true that the Eternal Word was made flesh, lived our life, and in His death bore the condemna tion of our guilt, then for His sake we ought to count " all things but loss for the excellence of the know edge of Christ Jesus our Lord." Reconciled to God by the death of IIis cross; conscious of His pardoning grace, hesita'ion should be impossible. When the love of Christ oonstraineth, ever}' "cart should leap in glad response, and the new found life exultant cry " God forbid that I should glory save in the cross of Jesus Christ my Lord." One of the parallels to our text in Luke's gospel is rendered by Bishop We- tcott, " Whosoever shall lose his life for My sake shall bring it to a new birth." The thought is striking and suggestive. It reminds us of the possibilities of future blessing, while it em phasises the condition that opens the way to reach it. It is ours to choose, ours to comply. In these mo ments of worship, " consumed yet quickened by the glance of God," we may leave ihe old and move for ward to the new; lose life and find it; leave the contracted limits of the present and emerge into fuller, freer consciousness of the Christ-life that is spiritual and eternal. There are two ways of living, and ail the futil ty and fretfulness, all the failure and des pondency, is the inevitable result of living the wrong way. A life that centres in self is a fatal blunder-it is moral suicide; it is the destruction of all that is nolilest and the extirpation of the highest facu'ties of our nature. " The life which I now live," said an apostle, " I live by the faith of the Son of God, Who lovei me and gave Himself for me." " If you ask me," said a noble servant of Christ, " what is my business here upon earth 7" 1 answer, " I am working out the grand experiment of my Redeemer's love." That is a true definition of of our work. It is *0 con tinue what Christ began ; it is to share Ilis aim,use Ilis method, and to seek for God's glory in the salvation of men. There is only one thing to hinder tha1-- glorious purpose-it is "selfishness diszuised in gentle names." It is at the root of all the indifference and carelessness in our cliurches. Once destroy it, and the power of the spirit will be luauifesLcd and new laurels of victory shall adorn the standard of the cross. Christ taught us to pray : " Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done on earth even as in Heaven," but w e Ecircely believe it possible. We cherish it as a lovely dream, a beautiful hope that gradually fades, in spite of all our longing. The poetic thought of the New Testament gives way before the stem realism of the daily newspaper. But it is to be. "Every knee j shall bo\vi.Dd every tongue confess that Jesus Christ I is Lord."' The music that floated over tlie plains of I Bethlehem is not hushed. We can hear it still, and ? : all this weary wcrd will hear it soon. " When all men's good I Be each man's rule, ami universal peace Li- 8 like asliaftof light across the land, And like a lane of beams athwart the sea, Throu^i all the circle of the golden year.'* We are moving steadily onward,' but is it not pos- ! Bible to hasten the fulfilment of the church's mission ? Does not loyalty to Christ compel up to greater exer- \ ' tiou.? Are we not actually responsible for more than ; I we are at present doing? Opportunity for service is ] swiftly passing. Ai Carlyle has finely said, "Ti.ii time-world llickersin the grand,still mirrorof Kternitv, and man's little iife hasdutics that alone are great." ! No second chance to us for evermore. Now is the ! time for service; it will sonn.be gone. Will the future be one long regret, or shall we lose our life for Christ's sake, and find it in IIisrignteou«i.ess, and in Ilis glory -spiritual, divine, eternal- in the Kingdom that endures for ever and ever. 