Monjrels Versus Pure-Brcds. The "Scottish Farmer" says:— We appear to be coining within mea- sureable distance of a radical and salu tary change In poultry breeding, and the change has come none too soon, in fact, scarcely soon enough, but "better late than never." There arc only a few of the breeds that have not been damaged by the fanciers in commercial qualities, whilst some have been positively ruined for profitable, practical results. The ab surdity of breeding almost solely for color, feather marking, comb and strength of bone without commensurate size of body, is being shown up to perfection in the exhibitions of dead poultry. Very few indeed of the much vaunted pure bred British fowls get a look in at all. The only two purely British fowls that fceem to have the ghost of a chance with what are styled mongrels, are the old favorites the Dorkings, and occasionally the old English game. We write more especially just now, regarding birds in tended for table purposes, but the charge against the "fancy" fr destroying lay- ing properties is equally wen rouuaeu, although not so easily demonstrated. The table properties appeal immediate ly to the eye, but relative egg produc tion can only be ascertained by months, or years of careful observation. It is a somewhat remarkable fact that tho three classes of fowls that are most largely bred in England and France, for table purposes, are actually mon grels. We are not now calling in ques tion the splendid table properties of the Indian Gaine, or the Dorkings, but simply pointing out facts. In France the most popular fowls at the present moment are the Favorelles, and iu Eng land the Surrey and Sussex fowls, and all these are dowright mongrels. None of these sets of fowls are thought worthy of any particular description, the two latter are simply alluded to as Surrey and Sussex, of nondescript mak ing, but of the highest quality for table purposes, and these birds liave main tained an unchallenged reputation iu (Hie ondon market for centuries for table purposes, and are actually, as stated, mongrels. The Favorelles, though a comparatively modern class, take pre cisely the same position in France. We do not wish to be misunderstood. Let our readers clearly grasp our position. Our assertion is that the three classes named are the most widely bred. We are not forgetting the deserved popu larity of the Dorking, and the very large number that are bred, also the splendid table properties of the Old English and Indian Game, but, so far as Britain is concerned, the fowls that always stand Coeurs ; but all those breeds are the Sussex and the Surrey, and both kinds are mongrels. Then, again, whilst we do not forget that in many competitions La Fleche and La Bresse fowls very often take champion honors, as, for example, at the receut groat show in London, where the former breed won, followed closely by Tn. Bresse, Houdans, and Crevc Coeurs ; ubt all those breeds are tender, with the exception of the Hou dans, and the latter has a tendency to coarseness, hence the French breeders were not satisfied, and cast about for something that should possess the fine ness of bone and wealth of flesh of the very best purebreds in existence. They obtained their wish almost, if not quite, by accident. It was shortly after the introduction of Cochins and Brahmas into Europe that cocks of those strains and pure Dorkings were mated with the common hens of the district around Favorelle, and the result is the Favo- relle, as great a mongrel as ever was bred, and yet the most popular fowl in France to-day for purely commercial purposes. The French themselves make no secret of the way they have been bred, and as yet the best authorities have not until recently spoken of them as a breed, but we are fast teaching them. The fame of these birds spread, and the breeder's of this country began to write over for eggs. Monsieur was quite ready to oblige them— for a con sideration. The question may be asked, "What are yon driving at?" Just this, that the best birds for commercial pur poses are eross-breds, and that anyone of odiuary intelligence can by care produce their own Favorelles, Orping tons, and Wyandottes-. We do not mean to assert that anyone can quickly produce either one or the other so far as feather markings are concerned, but they can produce birds with all the es sential qualities necessary for egg and flesh production. Both the French and English breeders who are rearing fowls with a special view to the fat market have gone on precisely the same lines— the maximum of flesh with the mini mum of bone. Let none of our readers run off with the notion that because the three clnsses of fowls named are of a nondescript character that they are carelessly bred. The contrary is the fact. Whilst in the Sussex and the Surrey fowls mere feather marking is treated with contempt, the form of the body and refinement of bone are rigidly enforced. The Favorelles are a little more regular in their markings, being, more like a Dorking than any other, but they bear distinct traces of their eom- nound origin. The La Fleche and Creve Coeura are seen in the head, the Doric- ! ing In their plumage, the Houdans in their legs, and the plumpness of body seems to be the combination of all the best properties of all the breeds named. Should anyone be tempted to rush off to monsieur and give him an exorbitant price for the eggs of his mogrels, we advise them first to look round their own stock of fowls, to see If they have not the ground-work for a good all- round breed amongst their own hens. Choose hens fine in the bone, plump in the breast, young, and of a good size, then purchase a thick, neat-legged Dorking cock, and you will have first- class table fowls, with fair laying pro perties. The following season a cock of a different strain must be used, and this will have to be deter- mined according as flesh or eggs are most wished for. 