The Automatic Th'crrao metric Guar dian Angel Bed clothes Regulator, rFor the GAZETTE. By THEO. COWJETT ] IT had been a sweltering hot day. The sun had slunk behind the western hills, blushing for the inconvenience he had caused for 14 hours or more. The air was thick-even the most sensitive leaf on the topmost twig of the gum tree was motion-, less--Jnd the thermometer seemed too lazy to crawlMown from among- th'e nineties, wh&fe; he hjid perched nekrly all day.. Vou go to bed, pull: tpSsheet over you, and in|t,longer or shortef time (generally the former) you fall asleep ,During Mnenighttbetrees begin to flutter, the wind rises; soon a southerly buster of Ai proportions is sweep ing from the influenza factories to the Antartic regions. The mercury fairly tumbles down the tube, and you wake towards morning with a head like a filter, and then there is an odour of eucal yptus all over the house. And all because the blanket, which was resting all night at the foot of the bed, was not brought into service when it was ,rwaated. . It wasn't your fault-a man can't be expected to be awake all night keeping, an eye on Histurbance ' Beta,' or ' Ma.' But it is your mis fortune, anyhow. This is an experience which has again and again fallen to everyone. It had occurred several times to Mr Jonas Jackson, and being of an inventive turn of mind he pondered long and deeply over an idea which came to him between the sneezes of a particularly severe attack. The attack culminated in a spell of bronchitis, and the idea culminated in the construction of a wonderful contrivance which Jonas named " The Automatic Thermom etry Guardian Angel Bed-clothes Regulator." He first constructed the name, and then worked for some weeks in making a machine to match Jonas, who bade fair to be a confirmed bachelor, ived with his parents, and had a neat bed-room all to hirnsdf. He considered himself entitled to reap the first benefit of the new boon to humanity, and fixed up the contrivance on his own bed. Let me describe it. There were screwed on to tbe top of the posts at the head of the bed two powerful springs which had-to be wound up each night. Near each was a large tube of mercury, on pivots. Attached to each spring was a com bination of cog-wheels, conveying the ppwer to a broad wfcefeljordriim, from which a strong cord -was suspended. To distinguish one set from the other Jonas named them ' Gog' and ' Magog' respectively, being, as he said, the only guardian angels he was cfertainof. Now, how did they work? You Went to bed on a hot night, covered with a single sheet, the blanket and counterpane neatly folded at the end of the bed. The cords from ' Gog' vjrere attached to the blanket by strong clips. A drop of five degrees in the temperature would c&use; the mercury-tube near this combination to spring round on the pivot, as the shifting of the iQercury disturbed the balance. The swinging ttlbe would touch the spring, and ' buzz' would go tbe cog-wheels, and in a minute the cords wind ing round the drum would draw the blanket up to y#ur chin. Now, suppose it continued to get cplder, another five degrees would cause the second mercury tube to swing round and strike 1 magog,' which would promptly draw up the counterpane, and there you would be, as snug as possible, and without any trouble at all. It must nbt be supposed that this marvellous invention was brought to perfection all at once. Jonas commenced it rather late in the summer. At first the machinery worked contrariwise, and a rue of five degrees would haul up the blanket, aid Jonas would ;wkk£ jper^piring &t; and catch a chili m dtssenTangitng' the clips. In taring to remedy this he got the springs too strong, so that at the least variation in tempera bev^K|t®d MP^JeaQ °ver | the W hangings. Then the cold weather set in, a$£ (pr, mpre thfin six months there was.«no earthly : use forthe concern. During winter he worked hard at it, and deceived the thermometer into believing it was summer by lighting large fires. At last it was brought to perfection, and Jonas saw in his day-dreams unbounded wealth pouring on him from the royalties he would receive won tbe thousands of' Automatic Thermometric Guardian Angel Bed-clothes Regulators' to be manufactured. But all tbis require^ capital, and Jonas was very much minus this advantage. He had interviewed several moneyed men without any-enco'ur^gement, except from old Crackleton, the draper-who, indeed, tent for Jonas. .1 believe,' said he,' you have a plan for mak ing blankets go up in summer.' ' Yes.Vsaid Jonas sagely, < and counterpanes too.' 1 How.do you propose to do it ?' Then Jonas, pngdqceg^s dfdw^nf^-aodfwafjbe ginning to explain^ when he was chilled by the unfeeling Crackleton interjecting, . Oh 1 I've been under a misapprehension. I thought you were going to improve the prices of the blankets; and I've a big stock of them on my hinds. These j'im-cracJjs arn't in my line, young man. Good-day.;l I'm bu£y' And poor Jonas .left. But just at Christmas time, when all nature smileth, and the locusfc singeth in the gum tree, and the fat turkey trembleth, and the currant and the raisin selleth, and the chemist layeth in a big stock of Jiver mils and salts^-at Christmas, that joyous season, fortune seemed to beam on Jonas. A short note came toTiis mother running thus: Dingo Creek, December 21et. Dear Sister,-I am coming to Sydney for the holidays. Could you oblige me with a bed for a few nights f Tout loving brother PETEB. Now, Uncle Peter was a prospective Elderado to Jonas-though he had not seen him since he could remember-for did he not own a snug farm or two, and had been on the diggings in early days to good purpose, and could write a cheque, well, of five figures. ' At last,' said Jonas, ' the way has opened.' He decided it would be politic, instead of explaining tbe apparatus and going straight to the point, to let the whole beauty of the idea burst on his Uncle unawares. He there fore resolved to give Uncle his bed and fix up a couch in the spare apartment for himself. He prayed that Christmas Eve might be the hottest on record, and that a " southerly" might spring up at night. He devotedly met his Uncle at the station and escorted him add his luggage home. Sure enough it was a torrid day, and Jonas' hopes rose with the thermometer. He dropped into the bedroom after tea, oiled the machinery, wound it up, and turned down the blanket and counterpane at the foot of the bed. The hangings on the top concealed the works, and as the cords ran along pulleys at the sides of the bed, no one would dream that it was such a bed of glory as it ap peared to Jonas. Jonas was very particular to light his Uncle to bis room, and easily persuaded him to discard everything but the sheet, as he would find the town air very oppressive. Under pretence of turning out the gas, he looked, in to t*ke 4 last paep at the amsg«meate of tha bod covering. an l seeing everything; right,'""bade his worthy relative . good night ' He then retired to his impromptu bunk to pray for the ' southerly buster' that would set the machinery to work, and < at the same time fill the sails of his bark of for tune. In about an hour it came, a real old ' Brick fielder.' Jonas was on the tip-top of expectation, with his cir to the key-hole. But Uncle Peter wsw ill m e i<-e in a-strange tjefl", and to him the unwi?i«twi siree^tfflfijG?banish§d slabber. fi[e was just dropping off, however, when tbe$vind commenced to waH fliroygb \be taitjngs. andPbad not progressed far into thu . Lan<! of.^Tpd' wfren click!-bank!! -Whizz ! ! 4 went-sometbiflfe over head, and he started up in terror;>n^4vhen a shadowy billow of wbite rose from the foot of the bed and 'rolled up to bis neck, he trembled like threepeun'prth of jelly. '.Merciful .heavens !': he gasped, ' the house is haunted.' Uncle Peter braced up bis coiirage, got out and looked under the bed ; but there was nothing there. Then he doubted whether he had said bis prayers, and to make sure repeated theqi, most devoutly, Slid got into bed again-but with some difficulty, as the blanket was firmly;fixed in posi tion. There was no steep after that for the old chap, who kept peering into the darkness, wonder ing what would happen next. In another hour the efforts of the' southerly' bad pulled the quick silver down a further five degrees, and Jonas, who had a thermometer with him, was momentarily expecting another development-and it came. ' Saints in glory !' ejaculated Uncle Peter, as another loud click broke out over the head of the bed, and the cold perspiration broke out over his own. Then the counterpane reared up. 'No you don't,'said Uncle Peter, between his teeth, and he planted his feet firmly against the advancing coverlet, which fairly danced as he be gan to kick vigorously-jerking the cords out of the pulleys at the side. 'Come on, ye powers of darkness, I'm game for ye,' shouted the old man as he sprang up and resisisted with his bands and knees. Something had to give way. The clips could hold no longer, and tearing from the counterpane met in the recoil the bushy beard "of "the victim Then the tragedy commenced. 'Murder! Murder!' r*ng through the house, as the clips tugged away at Uncle Peter's .whiskers, and he iflvoluntarily stood up and w&s; soon dirpLWn by the pull on the tender skin right up to ' magog,' whose revolving cogs promptly gripped his right ear-while his beard was ,wound round and round the drum with the cords. Yell followed yell, as he fought and struggled and smashed up ' gog,' getting the quicksilver down his back-while the exclama tions he used could only be represented here by a series of dashes. Of course Jonas and his father were soon at band, and when the gas was lit the old gentleman was scarlet with pain and wrath. Jonas, as pale &s; a ghost, jumped up and tried 10 disengage his uncle's whiskers ; but they were so inextricably mixed up with the machinery that he was obliged to get a pair of scissors. ? That's right,' vociferated Uncle Peter from be neath the bed-hangings, 'Stab me-I see your game. Murder! Murder ! Police!' ' For mercy's sake do have patience Uncle,' pleaded Jotias, as he cut right and left, and at last Uncle fell prone on the bed, his face looking as though he had been chewed by rats. He soon sprang up, and with a mighty grab siezed his nephew, broke a table with him, and flung him clean across the room and out of the door, while his brother.in-law, who bad been dumb-founded with horror jdl the tjjne^rgjpined his wife, who was Inmost!faintingdutsidfe...Then Uucle £>eter locked the door and dressed hurriedly. .Uflcle, dear Uncle!' howled Jonas through the key-hole, ' for Heaven's sake let me explain -that-was tbe automatic ' ' Ought to what?' roared his relative, ' Ought to what.? Don'l tell me- what I ought-you oaght to be hanged, the whole pack of you. Get a man into an infernal macfeijie, murder Mm and take bis money, and no more heard of it, you scoundrels. If I get out of this house alive '-and the door was flung pjjpni witlf.a jerk andfOut flew Uncle Psteft bug in hand, anid clothes li'ung on anyhow.-; fife l|t a niaj&b; fetid made a vicious swipe at jdnas.'Smd thjen ffe^'down 6tairs. When he found the door WAS unlocked, he unburden ed bis mind; in such a torrent of invective that explanations wire-unheard, and then he bounded out into the night. I have never beard what be came of Uncle Peter, but n^b&fbw; told'me that he was roused- outjo^ his: bad at% o'clock on Christmas mowing i>y kfhold .chap.&eho; had had one half ef hi#whisier#xh&r;«l offjh an infernal maphine, and after being operated 'on for.half-an teWf ias dift&feivhe; left the saloon, looking like a priest, and swearing like a pirate. Now just one word. If any ££ you should happen to (fiditjonas Jacksonrbe my careful not to use the Work " ougfjtj" .He wilrabink you are going to say 1 Automatic.Xhermora^tric Guardian Angel.Bedclothes Regulator,'and"'will faint on the spot. 