THE MERCURY. HOBART: FRIDAY, MAY 7, 1897. EPITOME OF NEWS. Verdict for £19 damages in the case of Hart v. Abbott and Westwood. Colonel at Hill yesterday lost his second action against Robertson, his election agent. Nominations for Macquarie Plains sports close to-day. Tenders close to-day for supply of oil for lighthouse purposes to Hobart Marine Board. Parliament is to be prorogued from 16th visit. to July 20, when Draft Constitution Bill will be dealt with, P. K 0., Orient, and Union S.S. Co. shippers asking for a light on Tasman's Iel md or Greater Hippolyte. Surveyor Innes and party returning to town in a few days, the former by way of Launceston. It is announced that £3 is guaranteed for the cycle road race, Bellerive to Richmond, to-morrow. Wray, the sculler, has challenged Gaudaur. Newmarket l.OOOgn«.-Galteo-More, Velasquez Minstrel. Further details of the Paris catastrophe have been cabled. I Canadian preferential tariff will be extended to freetrade New South Wales. e, United States Senate has rejected amended Arbitration Treaty. inoculation of stock in Queensland to ward off fever has not proved successful. Employers Liability Bill, now before House of Commons, dismays Trade Unions. House of Commons has rejected Miners Eight Hours Lab jury Bill. Perth wine and spirit merchant lined £200 (or having an illicit still on his premises, Inclement weather prevailed yesterday in Victoria. Postal Conference at Washington is now Ming. Lyon's specific for cure of rinderpest has failed among Cape herds. Tasmanian apples ex ss. Arcadia opening out in good condition in Covent Garden. . Greco-Turkish hostilities recommenced. Turks getting worsted, D ou-rut causing starvation among New South Wales settlers. Brisbane Exhibition officially opened yesterday, but exhibit- as yet incomplete. Funeral of the late Sir W. C. Robinson at Woking, on Wednesday, was largely attended. Quartor-Master-General of British Army is not inclined at present to buy Australian horses for remounts. Passengers per s.s. Himalaya, recently quarantined, will not decided upon to pay cost of maintenance during their detention. Proposal made in Victoria to send home a quantity of wine for distribution among the poor during next moiith'>ïite«Uvities finds favour. Sir E. Ashmead-Bartlett, M.P., cruising in the Gulf of Salonica, has had his vessel captured by a Greek ironclad, and ordered to retain to show. Sir John McIntyre, who leaves Melbourne for England to-morrow, had a parliamentary send-off yesterday. Sir F. T. Sargood received similar compliment from Melbourne citizens. _ _ SOMEHOW, the right Jubilee spirit has not yet been awakened in Hobart, which lags behind most other places in Australasia. This may be due, in some sort, to the indifference and want of plan shown by Ministers, who should have long ago stated distinctly what they mean to do, and still more distinctly what they do not mean to do. For, one take it, the time has come when the citizens should have a clear programme before them, that is, they should know what they will have to do themselves, and how far they can 'rely on help from the Government. - The cynical telegrams which their PREMIER thought fit to send from Adelaide have left the impression that Ministers have fairly made up their minds to do nothing, except, perhaps, to order the explosion of a few squibs and crackers for the edification of the people. If this is the extent of their Jubilee programme, it would be well that they said so dÍ8tinctly,instead of putting off deputations with vague promises which may mean anything or nothing. The first thing to be decided is, whether the Government will be warranted in helping some of the projects now before the public. In Hobart there is a proposal to build a Public Library, for which object one-half the money required is provided, whilst the Corpora- tion has undertaken to give a very suitable piece of land. In Launceston the subscription for a Maternity, Hospital is going on fairly . well, in spite of some very foolMi opposition, and this scheme promises to be a success. We suggested some time ago that it would be better, more fitting, to have one national memorial, representing the whole colony, but if such a thing is impossible, as it appears to be, we do not know that anything better can be done than what is now proposed. If, then, no single representative memorial can be devised, it seems to us that the Government might assist the two things now before the public, and that this would be much wiser than spending a sum of money in fireworks. All that is necessary in that way can be provided by the people themselves, but little will be required, because the scheme for a series of bonfires throughout the Island is sufficient for all that is needed in the way of a national manifestation on the occasion of this extraordinary event. The Mayors of both cities have made arrangements to do certain things in the way of a public manifestation, so that it remains for the Government to say whether it feels called upon to do ; anything at all. As far as we can judge, public opinion is decidedly in favour of the Government, on behalf of the people, contributing to the projects which have met with general approval, because they desire to see something permanent as a memorial of the day to be celebrated. They are willing to bear the cost of the aid that is suggested, and if so, we do not see why there should be any hesitation on the part of the Ministers upon whom the responsibility falls. We can assure them that the tone of the PREMIER'S telegrams caused some considerable and unpleasant comment both here and elsewhere, so that it is time that the Ministers in the colony declared whether those telegrams represent their views, and if not, what their views are, if they happen to be in possession of and in spite of some few persons who take a despon- dent view of things in general, it will be found, we are sure, that the public opinion is, that the aid asked for in help of two useful projects should be given, unless some better way of mark- ing the occasion can be suggested. But, there is another portion of this Jubilee business which demands attention, and that is the portion which the public may be said to have taken upon itself. We refer to the movement for a Convalescent Home, surely one of the most humane projects that could be suggested. We need not tell any- one what an important part good nursing and competent attention play in the permanent cure of so many diseases, nor dwell on the terrible strain i that sickness is upon all workers, but especially on those who live by the labour of their hands. The proposed institution, apart from the occasion, should command the liberal support of all who " knew what 'tis to pity and be pitied," of all who can feel for the woes and miseries of their fellow-creatures. But, we are sorry to say that it does not seem to do so. The ladies who are collecting do not meet with the success which they have just reason to expect, but are put off in many cases with subscriptions which are ridiculously inadequate to either the occasion or the means of the subscribers. In other places, even in the small towns of Victoria, everyone almost with means has shown a most liberal and loyal spirit, and in Melbourne alone something like £10,000 have been collected for a fever hospital There are plenty of people in Hobart who can afford to imitate the liberal example of the other colony, not to speak of some parts of this, but they appear to have failed to understand what they should regard us a duty, a duty 3 which should be done in a most cheerful and most liberal spirit We incline to the opinion that this lukewarmness is caused more by want of thought than want of heart, as we think that many have really failed to fully appreciate the importance of the occasion. What they > r i now asked to give is not a mere charity subscription, but a subscription which is national as well as charitable. They are asked to show their loyalty as well as their charity, to place Hobart on a level with other places as well as to do what is good itself, without reference to the special occasion. But the occasion is a one on which everybody should feel called upon to do something of a special character, on which the mind it should expand, and on which it I is fitting that even some little strain may he put upon our means. We believe that all that is necessary is one or two good examples as a guide to others, and all that is required will be done, and done with ease. In this matter Hobart is bound to take its proper position, as there are plenty of persons of means who can insure that, and we refuse to believe that they will be remiss on this particular occasion of all others. The display of a little public spirit will make the great Jubilee an occasion to which we shall be able to look back with satisfaction and pride, with a consciousness not only of having done our duty, but of having shown that we were equal to the call made upon us as members of an Empire which has done and may do more for the general good of the world than any recorded in the pages of ancient history. THE New South Wales Assembly is clearly not inclined to be hurried in the matter of deciding what shall or shall not be done in the matter of Old Age Pensions Mr. O'Sullivan, the energetic Labour member forQueanbeyan,mude a strenuous effort, on a recent evening, to have the report of the Select Committee adopted, but an amendment commending the committee for their exertions, and asking the Government to give early consideration to the question of granting old age pensions or outdoor relief, was carried the House desiring to hasten slowly in a matter fraught with a good many momentous consequences to the taxpayers. The impression prevails, and is strengthen- ing not only in New South Wales, but in all the other colonies, that the incubus of helpless poverty, over increasing, will not be shakerioffby present ordinary means of relief. The devising of effective plans for grappling with the difficulty seems beyond the capabilities of ordinary legislators j by tacit consent they postpone the evil day. ''Made in Germany '' is a phrase of contempt of recent adoption and yet likely to be retained. It expresses as much contempt for commercial adversaries as can be well compressed into three words. And yet An this particular question of workers' insurance and pensions the Germans have shown the way how such matters can be dealt with. A con- tributor to the Fortnightly Jlevieui recently explained how one of the boldest experiments in this respect the enactment of a code of laws for the insurance of the working-classes against sickness, accidents, and old age or dis- ablement is regarded as a most precious possession. Opposition and prejudice have been disarmed in view of the one tangible fact that an Old Age Pension Fund, established in 1883, now amounts to £19,000,000, and pays out about £700,000 per annum in annuities. Of course the power of numbers is an important factor. No less than 11,000,000 persons have been enrolled as participants in the old age and invalid insurance fund and these comprehend members of all except the opulent classes of society. Employers and employees contribute to it in equal parts. The Government sub- sidies each annuity to the extent of £2 10s. per annum. The old age, pension is available for every member who is 70 years old, whether able to work or not and the invalid or dis- ablement pension is granted to every member who during the period of one year is disabled from earning more than one-third of his or. her average wages, the annuity having to be paid as long as the disablement exists. The sick land, which includes all wage earners receiving less than £100 per annum, numbers a membership of 7,200,000. It has an income of £6,800,000, against an annual expenditure of £6,400,000, and a reserve of upwards of £4,700,000. The period during which sick relief is obtainable covers from 6 to 12 months. There are 21,552 of these funds in Germany, administered by working men and women, and their management is an " indisputable and uncontested success." The accident assurance, which is not managed by those who are mainly interested in its prudent conduct, is said to be less successful. THE reports in the Sydney papers of the parliamentary proceedings go to show that the Assembly of New South Wales will not have the Draft Federal Constitution on any terms. The feeling is so strong, it is believed, that one of the papers has actually begged the Assembly not to go too far, but to yield a little to the wishes or the demands of the smaller colonies. The chief point of opposition appears to be the equal representation of the States in the Senate, which the Assembly will not have at any price or on any terms. The papers tell us that all men are equal, from which they deduce the conclusion that every man's vote should be of precisely the same value, so that it is monstrous to propose to make one Tasmanian equal to ten Victorians or New South Welshmen, We are not aware that anyone proposes to do this. All that is proposed is this that the Senate shall guard the interests of the States, that is, that it shall have the power to deal on equal terms with proposals made in the House where there will be representation according to numbers. Ineverycountry where the bi- cameral system exists the Second Chamber is far less numerous than the. popular House, but we do not find people going about exclaiming that there is not an equality of votes. In New South Wales itself a nominee House can, and does review the legislation of the popular body, and nothing very terrible happens, and this is the case all over the world. Thus, there appears to be some misunderstanding as to what is really proposed to be done, and what seems to be aimed at, if the argument is carried to its logical results, is rather the bi-cameral system than the scheme agreed to by the Convention Another point which those excited persons overlook is, that the Contention can only discuss and deal with such amendments as are suggested by the Legislature, so that the assent of the Council will have to be obtained to any proposed changes. Now, the Council may not, probably will not, be so very strong about the accurate representa- tion of numbers, and the Assembly may find that it will have to modify its views. Of one thing the Assembly may be assured, that Federation will not be obtained on terms which will mean the delivery of the smaller States bound hand and foot into the power of the larger States. THE melancholy people who delight to extract a lesson from a cat istrophe in a theatre, or any other by Ming given up to performances of which they do not themselves approve, will find they are on the horns of a dilemma when they have to deal with the latest disaster of the description, that of which the news is just cabled from Paris. For, here was no worldly revelling or piece of rejoicing, but a bazaar for a charitable object which was broken into just as roughly as any less hallowed proceeding mittee have been, and, unfortunately, also with just as much suffering and loss of life. The fact is that it is useless folly to attempt to moralise over such exceptional occurrences in the world's affairs, which are no more to be accounted for by the current j philosophy or dogmatic teaching of the J day than they are to be prevented by i ordinary precautions the part of those who cater for the public. It is the panic. and not the confined space in which the people are found for the time being, that is really the source of danger, and it is no _ exaggeration to say that if a similar rush took place in the open, on a racecourse or on a football ground there would be some of those present trodden under foot; and there would be no help for such unfortunates as did fall but for them to disappear beneath the heels of the crowd, only to be taken up after the rush had passed by in a shape their best friends would hardly recognise. This is the difficulty of the public entertainer, for when a panic has once set in it would help but little if he could throw upon the whole side of the structure for the free egress of everyone. That, too, of course, is practically impossible, and all that can be done is to strive to afford as much passage way as possible and to prevent alarms being given to frighten people out of, their wits. In a case like this at Paris there is nothing but a fatal ending possible, because people are not constituted so that they will leave a building quietly and _ orderly under such conditions. This a helpless state of things to acknowledge, hub it is true nevertheless, and it applies just as much to a church or chapel as it does to a circus or a dancing hall, only the latter are more liable to an outbreak because their proceedings are slightly more lively in their nature. NEXT MAIL FOR MEI-IIOUHNB.-TOO Sore tary to the Post and Telegraph Department intimates that in consequence of the Pateena leaving Launceston for Melbourne on Monday morning next before the arrival of the express train, it will be necessary to post letters at Hobart for despatch by her not later than 0.30 p m. on Saturday. MEETING OF PAnr.iAMK.NT.-It is understood that Parliament is to be prorogued from 18th inst. to July 20, when it will meet to deal with the Draft Constitution Bill as passed by therfCunt Federal Convention. A NEW LioirniorsE WASTED, - The captains of the P. & 0., Orient, and Union Steamship COR.' boats have petitioned the Government to erect a light on either IVmau'fl Inland or the Greater Htppdvtn Bock. 'Jliti matter is receiving the attention of the Government. THE GOVERNMENT AND THE JCHILKK CKLKMIATIONS.-It is understood that at the Executive Council meeting held yesterday His Excellency the Governor and the Ministers discussed the matter of a national celebration of the Diamond Jubilee of Her Majesty the Queen. Nothing d finite was arrived at, but in the course of a day or two a scheme will be adopted. NEW NORFOLK " SALOM, -A now the plant has been appointed at the Hospital for the Insane, New Norfolk. A NEW MONEY ORDER OFFICE -A money order and savings bank officer has been opened at Antil Ponds Railway Station. A FELICITOUS CABLEGRAM -The Acting Premier (Sir Philip Fysh) has sent the following cablegram to the Hon. H. Bilton, C.O., Sydney, on the occasion of his acceptance of Mr. Reid's offer to give him charge of the Draft Constitution bill in the New South Wales Legislative Council :-" Am tra'iashould be lastingly grateful for your eminent talents and efforts given to the cause of Federation, to which is owing in advanced position, and will hail with much satisfaction your further self-sacrificing devotion to the COURT-, and Mr Reid's good judgment in placing Federal intent further under your care." FROM N. W. TO WEST Mr. Innes writes to the Public Work B Department from survey camp, Mount Black, under date May 2, as follows :-.' As I am sending to Ring- ville to-day for provisions, I send a few lines to let you know my position. I am 80 miles from Liena, BodDl miles from Mole Creek, and estimate that I have about four miles further to go to reach the Spit bridge. The cutting has been heavy coming around Black, but we are in better country now nevo easy grades, and good track-forming country. We were detained at the Murchison River from the 6th of April until the 18th, and then only got across by the skin of our teeth, as the following day it was raining harder than ever, and continued to do so iipto2'Jud. The Murchison is three chains wide where we crossed, and very swift. It gave us all we could do to keep our feet with the water as high as one's hips. We felled trees from 3ft to 10ft. in diameter at the stump, but an soon as they touched the water away they went. Its raining again, and glass very low, with every sign of bad weather. Given fine weather about eight days will see the work finished." Mr. Innes' men return to Hobart in a few days. Mr. Innes himself will return by way of Launceston, where he goes to meet the Northern committee. Nine days were occupied in getting through the last six miles of heavily timbered country. MDBIOAL. - We have received four com- positions from the pen of Mr. F. A. Packer j three sons and one instrumental piece. Of the former, "Stolen Kisses" is a quaint little song with a particularly sweet and lilting melody in 6 8 time Its companion song, " Flirting," is a bright composition in waltz time, with a pretty, sparkling again present. Both thosoeongnare suited for either soprano or mezzo soprano values of ordinary compass, and should become very popular items for the season. The third song is a scene, entitled '. Jealousy," This is a much moreeUboratocompoMti..n than the two fore- going ones, and is well worthy of a place an army good concert programme Both words and music are Mr. Packer's, and they are singularly appropriate one to the other. The conception of the composer is both a dramatic and musicianly one. At the same time, however, the song is quite within the scope of any amateur combining a full-toned quality of voice with good power of expression. Of the instrumental pieces gavotte, entitled "Pompadour '-much that is complimentary can be said. It is a delightfully pretty " morceau " of distinct originality with a pleasing rhythm and quaintly sweet melody. The compositions are published by Paling & Co., of Sydney, in very clear type and most artistic designs, and are obtainable from the leading music sellers in this city. AGED UNEMPLOYED A deputation from the Aged Unemployed Relief Committee is to wait on the Mayor and aldermen this morning at 11.30. It is understood that the Ministry will also be interviewed in the interests of the old men, of whom we are in formed there are some '10, with wives and children, unable to obtain employment at present in Hobart. It is hoped that either the Government or the Corporation may be able to grant relief. Ask your Grocer for WOOD'S AUS TRAL J ASIAN SELF-RAISING FLOUR. Take no other TASMANIAN ART GALLERY.- Another p I trait from the studio of Mr. Benjamin Sheppard has been placed in the gallery. This artist appears to be in a fair way to establish a reputation here as a portrait painter, having achieved another success, this time in the case of one of our well known business men. Our readers will therefore have a better opportunity of appreciating the merits of the artist's work than they have yet had. HOBART CITY MissiON The monthly committee meeting of this society was held at the Y.M.C.A.-hall yesterday afternoon. Members present were Mesdames Dossetor, Morgan, and Morris, and Mr. J.VV. U. White, hon. sec. The missionary's report for April showed that work of the usual character had been carried on during the month. The advisability of holding a cake and apron fair was considered, and it was decided it should be held if sufficient help be given, The committee desire to make this special effort to try and meet the deficiency in the missionary's salary, which is considerable. The sum of £10 was received at the meeting. WOOD'S AUSTRALASIAN SELF-RAISING FLOUR. M ado only from the Finest Parts of Wheat. Sold everywhere BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. - The weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of this society was held yesterday afternoon. Present: - The Chairman (Rev. J. W. Simmons), Vessels. Bomben, J. Baily, G. Kerr, and G. S. Crouch. An apology for non-attendance was received from Mr. T. Mather. The report the ved that 273 families, some i ing 666 per crop, had been relieved for the week. eight new applications for aid w r- dealt with, 'inflation as. follow vee ink lodged with thanks: - Miss Wilson i, 0 Miss Ada i. Wilsuo, £10; "M.,.0.," per Mr. T. H. Maher, £5; Mr. C anito.li, irrMr. T. r<. Mather, £2. The i sets u men raised. TASMANIA TINGLE OKTHKSOUTIIEIINSBAS. is noted for her various products, such as minerals, ii pi s Had eucalyptus oil. The best brand of the butter Is the Platypus brand, of which the Lancet reported an follows: "Desirably rich in active principle (Euculyptol.) An admirably pure product, unoccullont,uicreo able and her, choir nnUbeptlc and in view of our aimlyblHOt it the suitability of this brand for all medicinal purposes cannot be disputed." Platypus brand of eucalyptus oil is sold in Hobart by H. T. GOULD & Co the Homoeopathic Onemif t, 78, KBiabttkvstrM* * This WEEK'S "MAIL" ILLUSTRATIONS. The illustrated pages of the present week's issue of The Tasmanian Mail contain some fine pictures by the office staff and by Mr. C. Gruncell of the principal exhibits at the Town-hall produce SHOW, one of which, the General was of the appearance of the large hall, giving a capital idea of the fine display made by local growers on this occasion. The three niembcrs-oloot for the Legislative Council are aim pictured, with a present and past winner of the President's Cup of the Hobart Bowling Club, Messrs. F. Monds and H. M. Steinbach, the latter gentleman being also the indefatigable secretary of the " old stagers'" institution. A lawn group is given of the wedding party at Klbcdou place, taken by Mr. Wherrett after the ceremony, at which Miss Kate Dobson was united to Mr. H. Minton Taylor, of Sydney. Portraits are also given of the Rev. to, li. Barber, a recent clerical arrival, and of the late Mr. H. J. Marsh, of New Town and Murray-street. AT itANCK rou TASMANIA We learn that the Orange Free State, South Africa, is about to construct a considerable length of railways, and is already making inquiries as to a supply of sleepers, there is a fair' prospect of the wood of this colony being selected for sleepers, if its merits are only made known, Those in a position to provide the sleepers should at once write to the Director-General of Railways, Orange Free State, QUEEN'S RECORD REIN, The Executive Committee met yesterday in the Mayor's room, when several matters relating to (be an operation were discussed. The hon. the Treasurer, in reply to whether he would be prepared to receive a deputation UIM Friday. morning, stated' that he would notify the chairman (the Mayor) to- morrow, Saturday, when he would meet the committee. Members of the committee will, therefore, not need to attend this morning as arranged Lift evening the superintendents and teachers of the various Sunday-schools met at the Town- hall, when the musical director , Mr. W. J. J. Reynolds, in a few words explained to those present that the Executive Committee had decided to have a musical programme for Tuesday, the 22nd 7 one, and he trusted that the whole of the Sunday schools of the city and suburbs would take part. Copies of the words, which the music, were then handed to each one present. The purse arranged to be mug are the Uoxulnpy, the National Anthem, and "Rule Britannia.'' Mr. T. J. Haywood, the City Organist, presided at the organ, and all present, under the able conductorship of Mr. W. J. J. Reynolds, rang the pieces several times. It was unanimously agreed to ask all the super- intendents, teachers, and the older authors tomcat at the Town-hall on Sunday after noon ., at 4 o'clock, to go over the musical part of the programme, ST. GEORGE'S, BATTERY POINT A cake and produce fair in aid of the poor of St. George's parish, Battery Point, was held yesterday in the local schoolroom, Cromwell street. The opening ceremony was performed by the Rev. Canon Bau Us Smith, rector of St. George's, when the emendation, notwithstanding the inclement state of the weather, was large. Amongst those prout lit were the Rev. P. Needham Hunter, curate of the parish, Messrs. J. Hamilton, MMLA., and A. Eckford, churchwardens, and Mr. C. C. Byworth. The fair was in charge mainly of Mrs. J. R. Scott, who, as well as the numerous ladies ausUllug, her, spared no pains to ensure a successful result. The lady stallholders were as follow :- Produce stall, Miss K. Wrench. Calls stall, Misses Scott, VVurdley, Ferguson and Wooden. Sweets stall. Miss R. Maning. Afternoon tea stall, Mesdames James Smith, L. Turner and By worth ; Misses Brown, Downing and Lightly. Christmas tree, the Misses Banks Smith and Cowl Elliston. Flower stall, Misses Minna Smith and Nellie Mace. Shooting gallery, Mr. D. 0. Byworth. In the evening the attendance was again very large, and a son our, inaugurated by the Rev. P. Needham Hunter was given, Mr. Hunter himself contributing Quin and clarionet solos. Songs were rendered by Miss L. Westbrook, Miss Watchorn, and Mr. Whiteside! and piano solos were played by Miss Elsie Douglas and Miss McArthur. The various stalls were well supplied with goods. Mr. G, Luckman, of Sandy Bay, and others furnished a large quantity of chrysanthemums and other flowers. It was expected that about 200 would be cleared by the show, and it seems that there is ample opportunity for its disbursement in St. George's parish at the opening of the winter season. LEarns ON "BILLY HUAY." At the Hobart Tabernacle schoolroom last evening Pastor J. Casley delivered, by special request, a second lecture on the farm us Curtiiihmun, Billy Bray. There was a good attendance in spice of the wintry weather. Mr. Duthoit presided, and briefly introduced the lecturer, who, in a bright, utu'odotat and interesting manner, spoke for an hour and a half. He said Billy Bray was essentially a man of prayer, and whenever he was setting out on a journey he would say, " farms have a little prayer first or if no don't the old gentleman will be scratch- ing and scratching me till I kick up, but if we pray it will out his nails for him, and he won't be able to scratch." he was always praying to and praising God. Even as he walked along the road he used to say that one foot said, " Praise the Lord," and the other "Amen," He was the exemplification, of the three injunctions-" Ko juice evermore," "Pray without ceas- ing," and "In everything give thanks." Billy had his trials and temptations like other people, although some, from his con- times! happiness of demeanour, inferred that he had not. be accounted for his happiness by saying that he took the honey of life with a ladle, and the vinegar with a tea spoon, in all his great trials he exhibited a pious acquiescence to the Divine dealings with him. His faith was so strong that it was ever in operation, saving him from anxious care, and enabling him to lean trustfully on the Heavenly Ann. Like most, Cornishman, Billy Bray was terribly afraid of ghosts, and some people knowing this tried to play tricks on him, but they were generally unsuccessful. After his conversion Billy Bray was for 40 years a staunch temperance worker. Housed to say, "II over the devil catches me it will be with the ante-post ; men set "limericks to catch birds, and the devil sets the mile-post to catch men." On his conversion, too, he give up smoking and look to chewing tobacco (laughter), but ultimately he entirely eschewed the noxious weed!, and was very bitter on any preachers whom he knew to drink or smoke, As he lived sa Billy slimy died, When taken ill he sent for an out- spoken doctor, and asked him plainly the nature of the illness. When told that he could not recover he said, " Praise the Lord, I shall soon be with Him ;" and then turning to the doctor he remarked, " May I give Iii in your compliments, and say that you will soon be there? words which went home to that doctor's henri. The church choir sang several hymns during the evening, and at the conclusion a hearty vote of thanks was accorded the lecturer. CHALMERS LITERARY ASSOCIATIONS a debate, "Should moderate drinking he OJII demned ?" was held last night at this association's meeting. It was opened by Mr. W. R. C. Jarvis in the affirmative, and replied to in the negative by Mr. Edgar Krp. A very lively discussion followed, in which the following members took past: Messrs. Standlield, Mather, Rev. C. H. Talbot, Waterworth, and Paton. A new style of voting was introduced by Mr. A. C. Robin, the chairman, namely, one vote of the audience, and Knottier of the members of the association, who divided on the question. The result in both cases was a decided victory for the total abstainers. For good trade Grocers should keep only WOOD'S AUSTRALASIAN SELF-RAISING Ktooii DAVEY-STREET CONGREGATIONAL. LITERARY AND DEBATING SOCIETY.- The inaugural meeting of this society was held last evening in the Harrington street school. The chair was taken by the President, the Rev. George Clarke, who delivered an interesting address on the Objects and use of Debating Societies," giving many valuable suggestions with reference to their management. Mr. R. M. Johnston then read a paper on the "Industrial Progress of the World During the Last 60 Years," which was listened to with great interest A paper by Mr. K H. Kennedy.an the " Baal Method of Cerebral ing Her Majesty's Record Reign" promised some lively discussion, but which, owing to the lateness of the hour, had to be postponed till the next meeting. W O O D 'S AUsTRALASIAN SKLFllAlMNn FLOUR. The best. All Respectable Grocers, MELVILLE STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH. - A flower, fruit, and produce show will be opened in the Mcoliubiai'.hall, Melville, street, this afternoon in aid of the funds of the local Wesleyan Church. The Juvenile Orchestra will perform in the hall in the afternoon and in the church in the evening. At 3 o'clock the Hon. Wm. Crosby M.L.C, will open the proceedings. The BLOW will include choice chrysanthemums and other flowers by some of the leading florists; fruit (green and preserved), vegetables, from the country; and some excellent ones grown by Mr. Gadd at the Springs, Mount Wellington. The Wesleyan Church will he decorated an J specially lighted for the occasion. The orchestra will render suitable and sacred pieces and the choir will also assist. EXPERIMENTS WITH OBABSKS.-We has received copies of photographs and letter' press matter appertaining to the "stars Hanlon" of the Connecticut Agricultural. Experimental Station, which are very interesting. It is the work of Mr. Olcott, a specialise. In connection with those experiments he speaks of 3,000 or 4,000 species of grasses, of which a very small relative number have tunah value. An botanists Study grasses, their most important duradera are those which relate to the flowers and seed. The unit of classification, as UBCII by botanists, is the species, but the individuals of a species vary among to ourselves and constitute groups known as varieties. Varieties are more changeAble than species, and are especially liable to be formed as a result of cultivation or when they resumed the conditions of cultivation. Ilouoe there are many varieties of each species of cultivated plants. All the immense number of varieties of maize doubtless have arisen from the one original wild species, and to of the varieties of potatoes, of wheat, oats, barley, etc. The tendency which plants have to run to variation to suit the local conditions ! shows itself even in the uncultivated worms that infest the fields and gardens. Special varieties adapt themselves to the local conditions they had in cultivated soils, because time batter adapted to light their way and maintain a hold against the aggressions of the farmer or gardener plan tries to kill them, Precisely so with the turf grasses. A single species may exist as numerous varie' then, so no more robust or degressive, others less so, having different cruelties to with- stand too wet or too dry periods, to stand droughty or other vicissitudes of climate, or to endure or Uiurish under the grazing of cattle. CITY POLICE COURT.- At the City Police Court yesterday forenoon, before the Police Magistrate (Mr. B. Shaw) and Mr. A. E. Risby, J.P., George Couper was ordered to pay the arrears of rent rates 4s., ance costs, in default distress warrant to issue. That was all the buuhiiHS. MAYOR'S COURT -There was no sitting of the Mayor's Court yesterday. TRINITY COLLEGE, LONDON The next examinations at Hobart for Trinity College, London, will be held on June 6 WHO in Koptembor-no the former occasion for musical knowledge (theory), and on the their for instrumental and vocal music. Entries CLOSE on the 28th meet. the local secretary is Mr. F. P. Bowden. INDIAN FAMINE RELIEF FUND It is notified that the Mayor of Hobart, Mr. J. G. Davies, M.U.A., will be glad if all persons having subscription-lists of the Indian Famine Relief Fund will return them at once, as he desires to close the fund and forward the balance to India, BUCKLAND. - A very enjoyable concert took place in the Oakley-nail on Tuesday night, 4th inst., the programme (a lengthy one) consisting of songs, rounds, choruses, and Instrumental solos, by local amateurs, assisted by friends at present on a visit to the district'. The proceeds, £2 He. Sd., are in aid of repairs to the jjuniliiy-school. After the concert dancing was indulged in for a few hours, it being A cold night, and very suitable for that pastime. It is intended to hold another concert in a few weeks time for funds for the same purpose OLD DEAR, - A pleasant evening was spent at Old Beach Wesleyan Church on Tuesday, 4th inst., when the Y P.S.U.S. gave a social to welcome the Rev, B, W. Heath. Mr. H. T. Childs look the chair, and the programme consisted' of the chair man's address, a welcome address from the Christian Endeavourers, solos by Mr. J, Cloak and Mina Taylor, an excellent paper by Miss Belle Gage, solo by Mr. J. Foster, a paper Influence" by Miss A. Cloak,, solo by Mr. W. Cloak, recitation by Miss G Httyton, duet by Mr. 3. against Mr. J, Foster, a very suitable address by the Rev. B. W. Heath, and solo by Mr. J. Gage. After this refreshments were handed round, and the singing of the ontology and the benediction pronounced brought the meeting to a close. STOMACHS SCOUBED WHILE YOU WAIT, -Under this somewhat forbidding but characteristic American heading we get the following particulars of a successful test in Chicago on April 2: - With a little machine, which looks like an egg beater, Dr. Fenton B. Turok has performed the (cat of laundering the inside of a man's stomach at the Post Graduate Medical School, and by means of the Rostron ray he at the same time viewed the interior of the stomach where his little device was at work. The invention marks an era of pro- girls to the medical world, as his experiment was the first of the kind made in full view of the operators. One of the largest and most compUtu P outgo rs ray outfits ever produced was furnished to the college for the experiment. Attached to the end of Dr. Turek's instrument, which is called a gyroscope, or revolving sound, was a flexible cable arsenal steel wire, on the end of which won a small opening'. The cable was enclosed in a rubber tube, and this, with the sponge, was swallowed by the parent. The latter, who was stripped to- the waist, then stepped before the Rontgen light, the doctor put the fluorescence to his eyes, and an attendant turned the hamlin of the gymnasia. The cable revolved as fast or as slow as was desired, the sponge at the farther end proceeded to its work of scouring the inner walls of the patients stomach, while the doctor, through the Horoscope, viewed the work by looming the metal cable by means of the X-ray By pushing or pulling on the cable the various portions of the inner walls of the stomach were operated upon, and the matter which was gathered in the upon a was then removed for microscopic examination. No cause or other discomforts were felt by the patient, though he stood before the rays for over an hour, while the doctors in attendance, the nurses, the operator of the X-ray outfit, and a newspaper man examined his Interior, At the close of the order he was offended that none of the party would gratify his curiosity to see the operation by temporarily taking his place as patient and allowing the sponge and tube, despite his assertions that it had not hurt him. The Rilnlfzon ray outfit used in the operation is capable of throwing a 14in. spick and illuminating a very large Crooke's tube. By its means it was not only possible to see the ribs and backbone of the. p patient, but to view the vibrations of the heart and 11 outline the liver and kidneys. Dr. Tur ck is enthusiastic over the success of the experi- ment. 