PASTORAL LETTER FOR LENT, ? 1897. The following Pastoral letter was read in the churches of the diocese oil Sunday last :— Dearly Beloved,—During Lent the Church exhorts her children to devote themselves earnestly to the sanctification of their souls. She encourages them to face the difficulties they may meet by bringing under their notice the example of her Divine Founder. After reminding them, by the significant ceremony of Ash "Wednesday, of the near approach of Death, she leads them into the desert that they may be witnesses of the long and rigorous fast by which a loving Saviour would teach them the manner in which to prepare for the more serious responsibilities of life, and to combat successfully the evil one. If we wish to come out victorious in the conflict with the enemy of our salvation, we must, after the example of our Divine Model, strengthen the spirit by keeping the flesh in subjection. In other words, we must pray, fast, and practice the various works of mortification recommended at this holy time. If we fall, as, unfortunately, many do, it is consoling to know that our Blessed Lord has established, in the Sacrament of Penance, an easy means of regaining His friendship. The Church, to induce her children to have recourse to this sacrament, commands them, in very urgent terms, to go to confession within the Easter time. That you may understand the dignity of this sacrament, I phall point out: 1st, that Christ left power in His Church to forgive sin ; 2nd, that confession is a divine institution; and, finally, I shall direct your attention to the dispositions with which you (should approach the sacred tribunal. The Sacrament of Penance, as instituted by jesns Christ, did not, it is true, exist in the Old Law, yet, even under the Jewish dispensation, tbis sacrament was foreshadowed^ ai)d men sought reconciliation with the Lord their God by confession to the priest, who offered sacrifice la atonement for their sins. To be con- vinced of this truth you have only to open the book of LeviticUs and you will find mention of this practice on almost every page. I shall give only one extract bearing on this point from this 'inspired book:—" And they shall be afflicted for the sins of their fathers and their own until they confess their iniquities " (Ch. xxvi., 89-40). Here the Jews are told that to be delivered from their afflictions they must confesB their sins. Ia the book of Proverbs xxviii., 13, we read: "He that hideth his sins shall not prosper, but he that shall confess and forsalte them shall obtain mercy." It is not to be wondered at, then, that when John, the forerunner of our Blessed Lord, came preaching penance, Jerusalem and all the country round about went out to hear him, were baptised in the Jordan, confessing their sins to John, who was of the priestly family. This practice of confession which existed, as we have seen, under the Jewish dispensation, was raised by Jesus ChriBt to the dignity of a sacrament. All Christians who believe in the Bible must admit that the Saviour of the world left to His Church the power of the keys—that is, the power of loosing and binding, of forgiving and retaining sin. Before His death He had promised that He would give His Apostles the power of forgiving and retaining Bins: " And I say to you whatever you shaU bind upon earth shall be bound also in heaven, and whatsoever you shall loose upon earth shall be loosed also in heaven " (Matth. xviii., 18). The power He then promised He actually conferred after His resurrection. We read, in the Gospel according to St. John xx., 19, that Christ appeared to His Apostles assembled in a room with closed doors, and, showing them His hands and side, said to them—" Peace be to you ;" He repeats for a second time this same salutation—"Peace be to you," giving the ApoBtles thereby to understand, as was His wont, that He was about to make an important announcement:" As the Father hath sent me I also send you." By these words He wishes it to be understood that the power which He, as visible Head of the Churoh, had exercised, He now, leaving the world, bequeaths to His Apostles. No one will deny that Christ had, and exercised on earth, the power of forgiving sins. On one occasion we remember He said to the man sick of the palsy—" Son, be of good heart; thy sins are forgiven thee " (Matth. ix., 2). Some scribes who were present were shocked that He should lay claim to the power of forgiving sins, and eaid within themselves, " this man biasphemetb." Our Blessed Lord, instead of pointing out that they had attached a wrong meaning to His words, said— " Why do you think evil in your hearts ? Which is it easier to say, thy sins are forgiven, or to say rise up and walk ? but that you may know that the Son of Man hath power on earth to forgive sins ;" then saith He to the man sick of the palsy—" Rise up, take thy bed and go into tfCy house ;" and he rose up and went into his house. Here it is clear that there is question of forgiving sin. Oar Blessed Lord draws a distinction even between this and the power of performing miracles, and proves that He possesses both. Makes, in fact, His omnipotence, evidenoed by the miracle, an argument to convince the scribes that He can forgive sins. Christ had, therefore, and exercised, the power of forgi ving eins on earth, and tbis same power he now confers on His Apostles: "As the Father hath sent me so I send you," and when He had said tbis He breathed os them, And said to them—'" Receive ye the Holy Ghost; whose sins you shall forgive they are forgiven thern, and whose sins you shall retain they are retained." The exercise of a divine power was thus committed to the ApoBtleB for the benefitof the whole Church, and, therefore, thrbugh them to their successors, the priests of God's Churoh. For this end was the Holy GboBt given to' them to enable them to perform the sublime duty with which they were entrusted. Jesus Christ, to whom all power is given in heaven and on earth, who is the Head of the Church, *• To whom the Father hath committed all judgment" (John v., 2), was free in the choice of the manner in which He would apply HiB merits to sinners and admit them to Hia friendship. "We have seen in the case of original sin that, instead of remitting it by His direct interference, He instituted the Sacrament of Baptism, and entrusted its administration to men. Can He not, therefore, in like manner, attach to an external ceremony or rite the forgiveness of actual sins committed after baptism ? This is what Christ, the one God who jastifieth (Bom. iii., 80), the one Mediator of God and men, has done when He instituted the Sacrament of Penance for the remission of Bins, and entrusted itsadministration to the Apostles and their successors, the priests of God, to the end of time. The sublime power of forgiving sin, which our Divine Lord conferred on tha Apostles, when breathing on them He said, " whose sins you shall forgive they are forgiven them, and whose sins you shall retain they are retained," implies, on the part of Christians, the obligation of going to confession. You #rill remark, that the Savi&ur; of the world, by thesei words, gives His Ap6stlei a twoj(bld power—to forgive aiid retain sins,'W> acquit or condemn all who approach their tribunal. In other words, He appointed them the judges and the physicians of the hnman conscience to pass sentence in accordance with the merits of each individual case, and to prescribe the remedy which the nature of the malady demanded, it is impossible that this judicial function,fcrkrustedlbNthe Church, should/be":^^fbrmed, umesi ! minister, who/is to bind and loostoj retain and fpfgive, t^^^h^rtccuj knowledge of tWi<kimea with w L is to deal. This\kn>wledge can.; acquired by the testimony OLfhe-cfflprit himself, who makes knotvn the state of his conscience by a humble and a sincere confession. The same authority, therefore, that left to His Church the power of forgiving sins imposed on Christians the obligation of confessing all and Singular mortal sins committed after baptism, which, after due and diligent preparation, are in the memory—that is to say, Sacramental confession is of Divine institution and necessary for the salvation of all who have forfeited the Divine friendship. From this it follows that whoever desires to obtain pardon for a grievous sin must confess it to God's' minister in a spirit of humility and sorrow. To pretend, therefore (£be words are St. Augustine's) that it is enough to confess to God alone is making void the power of the fyeys given tjo the Church—that it is'" contraftsti?? ffej? Gospel and making yoid'tiie commission of Christ. When confession is impossible, an act of perfect contrition, i\ is true, serves as a means of reconciliation with God. The Binner, to secure this happy result, must have, even then, the intention of going to confession should the opportunity present itself. Tbis doctrine, always upheld by the Catholic Church, is laid down by the Council of Trent (Seas, xiv., ch. 5) in these words: " That the Catholic Church has always understood that the entire confession of sins was instituted by the Lord, and is of Divine right necessary for all who have" fallen after baptism, because that our Lord Jesus Christ, when about to ascend from ekrth to heaven, left priestB Hu qwo vioars, as presidents and jbdfeesf %htiia all ihe lnottai crimes into which the faithful of Christ may have fallen should be laid open, in otder tfeat,'iii acteoiflance'witK "tlie power of the keys, they may pronounce the sentence of forgiveness or retention of sins; for it is manifest that priests could not have exercised this judgment without' knowledge of the cause; neither, indeed, could they have observed equity in enjoining penalties if the said faithful Bhopld have declared their eins in general only, %nd' hot/ 'iratbeV,' fcpMfiisally- 1 and one by one, whence it la gathered that all mortal sins of which, after a diligent examination of themselves, they are conscious muet needs be by penitents enumerated in confession,, even though thoBe Bins be rbost and'comniiVted only against the two last'precepts of the Decalogue, as thes? wrt of sins sometimes wound the soul rievouely, and are more dangerous than those which are committed outwardly. . . . "Wherefore the secret sacramental confession which .was in use from the beginning ia Hiily Cknrch, and is still' also in use, has always been commended lay the most holy and the most ancieiit Fathers with a great and unanimous consent. ®be vain odjumby of those is manifestly refuted who are not ashamed to teaoh that confession is alien from the Divine command and is of human invention, and that it took its rise from the Fathers assembled in the Council of Later an. For the Church did not, through the Council of Lateran, ordain that the faithful of Christ should cohtese, A thing which they knew to be necessary, and to be instituted of Divine right, but that the precept of confession should be complied with at least once a year by all and each when they have attained to the age of discretion. We should be for ever grateful to a good God for having left to His Church the power of forgiving the 'sins of all who approach the tribunal of penance, and, by a good confession, lay open the state of their conscience to Sis minister. Now, what is> required to enable ris to make our oonfesbioh in a manner pleasing to God and profitable to'ourselves ? In'the first place, we must have as accurate a knowledge of the state of our soul as circturistances permit. A careful examination! of our conscience, which consists in' a diligent search into the faults we have committed since our last good confession, is necessary to put us in possession of this knowledge. Pious souls, who examine their conscience daily and go often to confession, experience little difficulty in the performance of this duty. They have, as a general rule, only to call to mind the faults of any one day to discover the defects of which they may be guilty. Sinners, however, who have absented themselves from the Sacraments for a considerable time, during which they led irregular lives, will have to approach this task in a spirit of patience, with confidence in the Divine assistance. By calling to mind the places they frequented, the company they kept, the books they read, the dangerous occasions to which they exposed themselves, the thoughts they entertained, they will acquire a sufficient knowledge of the mortal sins and the circumstances that change their nature and character, which they are bound to confess. Having carefully looked through the J hidden folds of their conscience^ they will' throw themselves op the njercy of Gbd, who will not despise a contrite and humble heart. Contrition, which is defined by the Council ot Trent as "a hearty sorrow for and detestation of sin committed, with a firm resolution of einnirr# do mojre,"is an essential part of penance, and absolutely necessary for the dinner's ntpomoSii^ with " At fP times," MS* Ml (Segi slv,, ". cpniritionhasheen nec^wajj to obtain the forgiveness cf qiuq. It prflppr^phim who falls after baptism to obtain his pardon, if joined with confidence in tjbe Divine mercy and a desire to do all that is required, to receive well the Sacrament of Penance." This contrition includes not only the abandonment of sin and the beginning of a new life, but also hatred of the past life, according to the words so frequently repeated in Scripture—" Cast Jar froiii you all yoiir iniquities and make to yourselves a new heart and a new spirit. Against Thee alone have I sinned and done evil in Thy presence. I am weary, with groaning. I will every night water vty bed with my tears, and 1 will recount all my years in the bittertiess of my soul;" and many other expressions of this 6ame kind. Contrition thus understood is made up of sorrow for the past and a firm purpose of amendment fox the future. The penitent cannot hay? t?ae sorrow for, cannot hsjt? am v?ith.ojat feins req,ofoed to turq Bis hacljc on W eyiT WJ*ye. " ffiash yourselves (Mjg ^ftias i,, 16), be clean, tafte avfay trie evil of you/r devices front, my eyes, cease to do perversely." The great Apostle of the Gentiles urges sinners " to put off die otd man who is corrupted, and put on the new man" (Eph. iv., 22-24). Do you wish to kriow if you had at your last confession a pincers, a firm purpose of amendment ? Have you resisted your temptations? Have yon avoided -occasions that proved dangerous ? Have you entered on a new hfe in conformity with the Divine Law ? If you can give a satisfactory answer to these questions your mind may be at rest your confession was acceptable to God. On the other band, the penitent, who, without an effort to resist, falls into a mortal sin of which he accused himsel f in the last confession, has grave reason to fe»r that he has committed a sacrilege, leaving the sacred tribunal more guilty than ht approached it. Like David, the, penitent Bhould be able to declare, " I have sworn and, am determined, to. keep the judgments of thy justice" (Ps. 118). Strong in his resolve to be faithful to. bis promises, be will brave every danger, face every difficulty—in a word, make any sacrifice rather than lose again the Divine friendship. The Ohurcb, dearly beloved, invites u? during Lent to take, our place at the foot of tbe Cross. Raise your eyes to the Victim who is offering Himself in satisfaction for man's ingratitude. Contemplate His torn flesb. His thorn-crowned bead, the wounds of His hands, feet, and side. Listen to the words of love and mercy He speaks from tbe height of the Grose. How many motives to excite us to repentance for the misspent past. We conspired with the Jews to bring Jesus to death. He was scourged at the pillar, crowned with thorns, and nailed to the Cross on account of the ein6 of which we have been guilty. " He was (in the words of Isaias iii., 5) wounded for iniquities, He was bruised for sins, He was crucified for us." For me, for my sins, and for the love of me Jesus endured these fearful torments, tbe very thought of which makes nature shudder. I have said, now I have begun, " I will take heed of my ways that I sin not with my tongue " (Ps. 38). I shall turn my back on the evil course I have hitherto followed, I aha)! confess my sins in tbe sorrow of my heart and strengthen my sonl with the bread of life. I promise never again to separate myself from God, who is the source of my happiness and tbe author of every good gift. In conclusion, I wonld ask tbe clergy of the diocese to say Mass an^ hear, con- . fessions daily, at hours convenient for their people. The customary devotions will be given each evening during Lent . iq the principal church, of each mission. Grace toe with all who love our Lord Jesus Christ with sincerity. Amen, •fc MARTIN, Bishop of Sandhurst. Given at our Palacf, BexwJigo, On tbe Feast 1W7. LENTEN REGULATIONS IN THE DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. Whilst we grant tiie nsnal dispeneatipns in the lav? pf abfl(in,ence, we b.eg to remind you that the itew ojf fast shells remain in its fall vigour, Wherefore, eiercietng the powers received from tjbet Holy we; g^aot the ifpjlpwin^ dfc-, p?rvsatit»w> :-— ...; 1. joj^t, is. allowed aU day?, inf Len'V wedn.esdsys, Fxi^ayp, Emjber Saturday, ^fid J^onday ip Holy "Vtfe^ 2\. Eggs are allowed all days in Lent, Ash Wednesday and. Goad Friday" excepted. Meat and eggs ate, allowed at alj \- meals on Sundays; on other days, onca only,antfat the principai ipeal. ' I •jaflJwi teeaoi allowed at the same meal: 5- On fee Fe^at of St. Patriot there i* neither fast nor a&ttinence.; 6\. Tottafc people under 21 years of age, also old people, and such as are. suffering from sickneps, as well as persons6ubject to bard labour, are exempt frpm the, general law of fasting. • &JEA;&TIN;, ?i»bop of Sandhurst. P.S.—There will be a general first Cpmmunion for the children of the diocese on tbe Feast of Corpus Christi and tbe Sundays immediately following in all tbe. churches of the diocese. Instructions will be given weekly by the clergy to the candidates for two months previous to the date of Communion. Tbe names of the communicants shall be entered in a book kept for this purpose in each parish, and their number and tbe, number of persons who comply with their Easter Communion forwarded to the Bishop at the close of the Paschal time,. The. collection for our Holy Father the Pope shall be made in &1J the missions of th$ dippese on the first convenient Sunday after tbq figagt ol SS. Peter and Paul. In $11 the. p?ineq?al churches of the dipcese, where possible, the ceremonies of Holy Week will he carried out according to the rubrics for small churches. The solemn exposition of the most holy Sacrament, known as the " Forty Hours' Adoration," will take place, as usual, in the pro-Cathedral on the first Sunday of October. This devotion will be carried out in the following churches of tbe diocese on the dates mentioned:— St. Liborious' Church, Eaglehawk— first Sunday of June! Church of the Convent of Mercy, Bendigo—Sunday, 29th August. St. Joseph's Church, Beech worth—first Sunday of May. Chiltern—first Sunday of June. Wanguratta—July. Benalla—August. Yarrawonga — September. Nnmurkab—November. Wodonga—December. • Shepparton—January. Nagambie—February. Echnca—March. Rpchester—April. Where a High Mass is not possible, a ftfissa Cantata may be celebrated. The mpst hpiy Sacrament may be placed in tbe tabernacle each evening after Benediction. The clergy will carry out theBe ceremonies with becoming solemnity, and exhort their people, to, spend as much of their time as possible in the church during this devotion. Confessions will be heard each day, and the neighbouring clergy will be invited to assist. The above devotions must be carried out during the month assigned to each church. The pastor, however, is at liberty to select the most convenient Sunday. 