? Zoo. Clear. Theatre. Summary. Cyclorama, " My Fancy." Cinem&tographe.; Burglars at work. Laughing Peacock. 1897 is 82 days old. Hopeful to the last. Hopeful to the last. Confusion of names. Convention at 10.30. Peacock—Ha.' HA! he! The Premier President. Sudden death of a negro. A Monte Carlo romance. Who laughed that laugh? Will they ever find them? Peacock'S laugh is unique. Tangent" down on dogs. Federation and fireworks. Photographing politicians. Footballers getting ready. Murif reached Oodnadatta. Booker proud of his brigade. A welcome to ME. Trenwith. Hope for those explorers yet. Kingston enthroned on high. Have you seen " M y Fancy?" Federal fireworks on the Oval. Presentation to Inspector GDI. Have von heard Peacock laurff? Alderman Either off to England. Mississippi overflowed her banks. Banquet to tbe delegates to- night. Warburton starved on the Oskover. VERY successful display of fireworks. A pictorial record of the Convention. Barometer at 10 o'clock to-day, 30*15. Memphis city flooded; fifty lives lost. The delegates have a delegate mission. Cornwall Lewis again before the Court. Thoughtful message from Lord Brassey. Hit Nip's little game nipped in the bud. A laugh that makes itssU heard and felt. Federal Continental on Wednesday EVEN' ING. Garden, party at Government House yesterday. Phylloxera-resisting vines for the^other colonies. Not Premier but precedent the raison datre. Yesterday an historic day for South Australia. Not treating Joe's cordial invitation courteously. The camera has played a part in the CON' vention. Cheap excursions to Broken Hill next Monday. Fair business recorded over the Onkaparinga Meeting. Our Premier maintaining his customary reticence. Death of A South Australian solicitor in Melbourne. Invitation to the Federal delegates to visit the Barrier. Fatal trap accident at Darlington on Saturday evening. Melbourne express running two hoars late this morning. Harrold Brothers'case before the Supreme Court to- day. Clear that the skeletons-are not those of the lost explorers. Close of the Adelaide Rowing Club season next Saturday. Wonder whether that laugh would break the phonograph. A thing to be heard to be realized—Mr. Peacock's laugh. A hundred miles on a Triumph cycle in 6 hours 56 minutes. Mr. Magarey still hopeful of the explorers being found alive. My word > what a hearty, healthy, happy, wholesome laugh! Pressman—Anything to communicate, sir? Premier—No! hum! Adelaide Co-operative Society talking about starting A boot factory. Sabbatarians protesting against the running of intercolonial Sunday trains. Court-martial in Sydney acquitted Lieutenant Moar, of H.M.8. Ringdove. Sun rose at 5.53 a.m., seta at 5.52 p.m. Moon set at 10.48 a.m.; rices at 8.39 p.m. H.M.S. Worcester; bombardment of Tunis by Blake, 1655; capture of Porto Bello, 1739. Adelaide Mining Exhibitors won two gold medals at the Melbourne Mining Exhibition. Hope springs eternal in the human breast," Man never is, but always to be blest. Adelaide Rowing Club entertaining next Saturday the ladies who are votaries of the oar- Tommy Walker would be ONLY too ready to represent S.A. as Tommy Atkins at the great carnival. A few days' rest will no doubt be appreciated by that cyclist riding across the continent. "Beware of dogs," says "Tangent;" but what says he to the warning ''Beware of bicycles?" ' Hit Nip, proprietor of a Chinese gambling den in Perth, sentenced to three months' imprisonment. The French law treats the frog as if IT were a fish, and declares all fishing for it by night to be poaching. The President is not Mr. Kingston as Mr. Kingston, but Mr. Kingston as Premier of ' South Australia. The Alderman Cup, presented to the A.R.C. by Alderman Kither, on view at Brunkhorsfs, in Rundle-street. Miss Kempahall, a variety actress, sentenced to death for shooting Mr. Edgar S. Holland, a merchant. Handsome Scot Inglis, who married Ida Hamilton, is playing with Thornton in " The Bookmaker." Sydney. Charley Kingston must have been telling Peacock A " funny story" to make him laugh like that on the Oval. A New Zealand politician wants to wear the Premier'S mantle, so that he .may accept Joe Chamberlain's invitation. Victoria and New South Wales importing 50,000 cuttings of the American phylloxeraresisting vines from France. Hive, Larnook, and Miss Gladstone were officially scratched for their Onkaparinga engagements at 9 a.m. on Monday. Cargo trade to the West quiet and lacking in buoyancy. A large number of passengers still wending there way there, however. Alderman Malcolm Raid's employes hope in the near future to have the pleasure of congratulating him on his election to the Mayoral chair. Acceptances for the Onkaparinga Hurdle Race, Cup, Great Eastern Steeplechase, and Hills Railway Stakes are due at 8 o'clock tomorrow evening. Mr. Seddon might at least have the courtesy to decline if he does not wish to be present —even at the risk of robbing the great carr nival of part of its glory. In the photograph of the Assembly Chamber taken yesterday, the Press (is represented by a head and shoulders, half a cranium, and a bald head. " We want to prove to them that we are as proud of them as we believe that they are proud of us."—Joe Chamberlain speaking of the colonies at Birmingham. " The great governing race that is predestined to spread over the habitable globe, and to enter into relations with all the countries of the earth."—Joe Chamberlain on the British •ce. You have to go away from home to learn good news. No one would be more astonished than Oxford to know that they had won the great boatrace which is not contested until April 3. Now that five out of the seven colonies of Australasia are to be officially represented at the great carnival in June, it will be odd indeed if New Zealand and South Australia should stand aloof. Precedent was regarded by the majority of the representatives as requiring that the Presidency of the Convention and the Premiership of South Australia should go together, no matter who the Premier mightbe. Ceremonialism in China, is said to be earned to such lengths that it is necessary for Ambassadors to practise the required evolutions for weeks before presentation to the sovereign. Politicians would be most experienced in the art of turning somersaults. H.M.S. Warspite, 14 guns; oapture of Cadiz, 1596; Robinson's action with Dutch, 1666; victory over French off La Hogue, 1692; Rooke's vintqry over French off Malaga, 1704; Boscawen's victory over French in Lagos Bay, 1759; Hawke'S victory over French in Quiberon Bay, 1759. I do not anticipate that in the post of President he will have many disorderly members to deal with—(Hear, hear)—but I do anticipate that if he has, he is the MRN to deal with them. (Laughter.) I therefore move that Mr. Charles Kingston be President of this Convention. (Cheers.)—Sir Joseph Abbott. The paints of agreement among Christian people are, according to Dr. Watson—(a) That Jesus Christ is the Son of God and Saviour of the world; (6) tbat the soul is saved by the incarnation, crucifixion, and resurrection of Jesus Christ; (c) the existence and function of the Holy Ghost: (D) the Bible as a revelation of God(E) the future life and the judgment day. 