Jottings by the Way. Cabmen as a rule are not credited with many virtues. It is often supposed that their chief aim in life is to extort more than their legal fare from their passengers, and that they pursue that object with an un- swerving fidelity through life, to the ex- clusion of more humane considerations. But even the most confirmed detractor of the race win admit that there are cabmen and cabmen—that there are men whose reason- ableness, honesty, and obliging qualities stand out with a peculiarly lustrous ray. Wherever such an example is found it shines as it were like a star in the darkness. It fell to the Rev. J. Spooner, of Trinity Church, recently to meet with an instance of honesty in a cabman which deserves more than mere monetary recognition. The rev. gentleman a few nights ago took a cab from the Protestant Hall to his home, and when he got to his destination paid, as he thought, 2s. for his fare. After the cab- man had driven away, Mr. Spooner dis- covered that he had inadvertently given two sovereigns in mistake for shillings. He did not know the cabman or his number, and felt that he could not identity either the man or his vehicle. As a kind of forlorn hope the matter was reported at the office of the Metropolitan Transit Commission. Cabman E. Glennon, of Parker-street, New Farm, also called at the office, and reported that he had received by mistake two sover- eigns from a "fare" whom he did not know. There was nothing to show that he had any reason to believe that the loss of the money had been reported. Finding out the error which had been made, he honestly returned the money. What is represented as being a rather amusing incident occurred during the last trip of the steamer Ranelagh, which ex- perienced such heavy weather in her run up the coast, and is reported in the Bunda- burg " Star" :—" Amongst the cargo was a repack kerosene case containing bottle capsules, which, being mistaken for chemi- cals, was placed as deck cargo. During the gale this case got adrift and was broken, with the result that a number of capsules got loose on the deck. One of the crew, noticing one of these rolling near the engine- room, picked it up, and on feeling the metal—it being pretty dark at the time —jumped to the conclusion that it was some kind of explosive, and threw it overboard. The remainder rolled about the deck, those near being afraid to touch them, until a better light and closer examination showed them to be what they were—harmless cap- sules—or, in some people's opinion, dan- gerous only in conjunction with a bottle." A few bluejackets from H.M.S. Rapid the other day " raised Cain" up at Cairns, as was reported in our telegrams at the time. The Chinese of the place subsequently laid a bill for £126 before the captain of the vessel, and presented him with the follow- ing document :—" Chinatown, 7th July. Misser Captain,—What for you send him sala man along my fellow countlyman shop, smash em window, steal em hat, blake em door. What for your sala man blake em window, window no lun away. My countly- man want blake em sala man. Sala man lun away. Window more better sala man. I get your countlyman makem bill longa you. Suppose you no pay him, me telle your Missie Queen. She no pay, me tell em my Empelor. You look out, suppose she no pay him bill God Save em Queen no more. No more Chinaman callem Oueen good fellow. Good-bye, Misser Captain, hope you no catchem seasick." The " Australian Star," reflecting on the statement that a very large number of can- didates for the civil service recently failed in the matter of arithmetic, says :—" If there is one thing—except perhaps cricket and football—in which the youth of this province might be expected not to fail it is arithmetic. No one who knows them can help being impressed with the marvellous celerity with which our young people of all classes make mental arithmetical calcula- tions. In calculating the odds on a horse race they are simply unapproachable ; look with what startling rapidity a cabman can calculate—he probably does it on a geo- metrical basis—the amount you owe him when he has been driving you about a few hours ! Consider also the really lightning- like manner in which the young gentleman who sells you half a load of wood —' let ye have it cheap, boss !'—counts and charges for the extra pieces he hasn't delivered ! There is no necessity to multiply instances. Suffice it that arithmetic is the strong suit of New South Wales. The Public Service examiners evidently did not propound the right sort of questions." Cecil Rhodes is a popular hero on the London music-hall stages. Here is a ditty which is said to have brought down the gal- lery :— " Should vile oppressors hamper you in some far distant land, For liberty and freedom strike, meet danger hand in hand ; Though you may be outnumbered, while you've strength enough to stand, Face the music, boys, face the music ! " South African affairs of late have caused a great to-do, And fate proved very hard indeed on Jameson's gallant crew. But Rhodes has come to England, like a Briton bold and true, Face the music, boys, face the music !" In writing to the " D. D. Gazette," thank- ing that paper for its congratulations ex- pressed to his son on his scholastic achieve- ments in the Junior University examina- tion, Mr. Roger MacGinley, head teacher at the unclassified State School, Ramsay, mentions the difficulties he had in educat- ing his boy, having only a salary of £116 per annum, and gives a few particulars of his own qualifications. He seems to have had a high classification in Ireland, but this is not recognised here. He says : —It is now over ten years since I entered the De- partment of Public Instruction. Before entering the service I was " first of second class" under the Board of National Educa- tion, Ireland, with eleven years' experience as head teacher. This classification is ac- knowledged in Great Britain, and why not in Queensland ? I was also a science teacher under the Science and Art Depart- ment, London, having first-class teacher's certificates in the following sciences :— Mathematics, acoustics, light, heat, magnet- ism, electricity, physical geography ; second class—physiography and agriculture. In this last science I am a Queen's Medal- list ; took first class in honours, and fourth place under the department. I was also trained as a science teacher in South Kensington. These science certifi- cates, in my humble opinion, are equivalent to three times the programme of first class teachers in this colony, excepting one subject. The comparatively small matter of the rabbit fence from Mungindi to the Naomi River in New South Wales carries a strong federal lesson. The joint expenditure of say £6000 by two colonies such as New South Wales and Queensland is not of it- self important, but the concerted action for mutual advantage and the absence of any small-mindedness in settling the locality of the fence are matters which well deserve attention. Queensland would probably have been better served by a direct fence along her border ; but there was a desire to work with New South Wales, and that had the greater effect from the fact that the route along the M'Intyre is very rough. The direct boundary fence would, further, not have served the north-eastern portion of New South Wales, and the colony would, under any circumstances, have had to run the fence which has recently been com- pleted to the Namoi. This wing fence will serve Queensland as well as if along the border for a considerable time. If the rab- bits work south and round the extreme point of it on the Naomi, a further wing will be required perhaps running due east. The Mungindi-Namoi fence is almost all in New South Wales territory. To that there need be no objection. A very good example has been set by it. We may yet have New South Wales help Queensland to carry out the tick Quarantine work. The expense is very great, and New South Wales is pretty well as much interested in it as we are. It is one of the national difficulties, or at all events threatens to become so. The federal spirit is the spirit in which to meet it. If for the deeds done in the body the ghost of Butler is compelled to hover about the earth, it is possibly deriving a good deal of comfort from the revelations which have been made as to the costs of the extradition from America. One may im- agine the murderer's spirit seated on some cloud or barren peak, chuckling and rub- bing its ghostly hands with glee at the thought that its death was not accom- plished without great difficulty and enor- mous expense. For show purposes Butler might have been cheap at £6000, but for trial and execution he was a very dear bargain. The solicitors employed by the British Consul at San Francisco, who have demanded this unconscionable sum, place a high price upon an escaped criminal. Their demand is bad enough, but why on earth the Attorney-General at San Fran- cisco should receive a present of a punch bowl, tea and coffee service, and other fixings worth £100 it is hard to see. The British Consul must be trying to pull Mr. Want's leg. It is little wonder that Mr. Want indicates that if extradition is to be attended with expenses of this sort he will advise his Government to let foreign coun- tries keep colonial criminals. An industry in which the individual earn- ings per man amount to £216 5s. 3d. per an- num surely offers almost unrivalled attrac- tions. That, according to the Acting Trea- surer, is the position of the gold mining in- dustry. The statement was made to show the productiveness of our mines ; and they certainly serve that purpose in a striking fashion. Mr. Philp rightly claims mining to be one of the leading industries of the colony : and, if the Government would make a clean sweep of some of the "ifs" which bar the development of the industry, even Queenslanders, accustomed as they are to hearing the praises of their mineral fields sung, would open their eyes wide with exultation and pride. What is wanted is to remove some of the barriers which oppose the inflow of capital; and, by some cheap, light system of railways, to bring the distant and neglected goldfields into certain, if not speedy, communication with the seaboard. The Premier in England has promised to attend to the former matter, and the other will no doubt in due time receive proper attention. If gold mining were raised to the position which it should occupy in the colony, there would be no need for a beer tax—there might even be a revision of some other taxes. It is reported from Bundaberg that a gentleman who has prominently identified himself with the Labour movement has dis- covered a gold reef. Now, what will he do with that gold reef ? If this luck had come to a commonplace member of humanity there would be no doubt about the matter ; but if it has come to a member of the A.L.F., to him has been given the unusual privi- lege of being able to carry the noble theories of this body into practice. If he should decide to do this the gold will have to be divided among his fellow-colonists ; but how ? There will lie the difficulty, and the poor man must be in the cruellest state of indecision. If it should be divided equally among the population of Queensland, there would not be very much—not a satisfactory numbor of sovereigns by any means—for each man were the reef as rich as Mount Morgan. No ; he will do doubt decide to seek for those deserving it most, and con- fine the division to them only. But, then, who do deserve it most ? The matter will have to be submitted to a referendum, and, judging from the experience of past ages, there is no hope of getting a unanimous opinion on the subject. There may even be as many opinions as there are men in Queensland. But perhaps, after all, we are wronging the poor man ; perhaps he may let his duty to himself come first, and stick to the gold reef. He can do this if he wishes, for we as yet live in a free country, whose law will not take that gold reef from him and distribute it against his wishes. At any rate the situation is interesting. Superstition dies hard ; and when a pretty girl gets hold of a horseshoe nothing on earth can prevent her disposing of it in the way prescribed by generations of witch- craft. Over the left shoulder and don't look is the plan. We saw one girl try her luck in the heart of the metropolis during the week. It was nothing to her that people were passing, and that glass fronts and cement pavements stretched vertically and horizontally in all directions. There was the horseshoe. To disregard it was to rush into evil with both hands out, while to re- fuse to carry out the full programme was to court disaster just as certainly. So our foolish maid picked up the shoe and made her cast. There was a heavy clang on the pavement, a yell from several prominent citizens ; and for a moment or two it seemed doubtful whether the services of the Ambulance Brigade would not be re- quired. So many ought to have been hurt that a miracle seemed assured because no- body was more than frightened. Mean- while the girl who had tried her luck passed on as though nothing had happened. The " Croydon Golden Age" having made the assertion that " fifty thousand drinks required to be sold before the local publi- cans cleared the cost of their licenses," a Normanton rhymster breaks out in the fol- lowing unjustifiable fashion :— " 'Tis a weird and wondrous story for a bard to ponder o'er— Fifty thousand ' stagger-juices,' neither less and neither more. Fifty thousand glasses rising, fifty thousand mouths that gape ; Fifty thousand breaths perfumed by pro- duct, of the malt and grape. Fifty thousand glasses ringing with a simul- taneous crash ; Fifty thousand hurried gropings for the necessary cash. Then, the army wanders onward of another drink in quest, And the licenses are paid for, and the pub- licans at rest." It would seem from the information con- veyed by our London correspondent that immigration to Queensland is again setting in. By the Duke of Argyll there sailed for- ty-four nominated passengers, and six of those paying £12 passage money, while seven more of the latter come on by the Orotava. This is merely an awakening, but that it will be the awakening to a long term of increasing immigration of the right sort of folk all Queensland will desire. The nominated passengers come out to friends who pay part of their passage money, and they will not be cast on the labour market at all events without some directing influ- ence, indeed it is fair to assume that pro- vision is made for them before nomination takes place. People do not bring their friends out here to scratch where there is no grain. Nominated passengers have never been presented as having difficulty in finding employment. Of the paying passen- gers we may take it that they are of the class to attract whom we recently sent lec- turers to the United Kingdom. They will probably be of the agrarian class, and pos- sessed of means to take up land, and no doubt become employers of labour instead of competitors for the work already going here. The ultimate effect of the performances given at the Exhibition last week by a re- presentative body of Queensland aboriginals should be for good, as Mr. Meston succinctly pointed out on Saturday night. Apart from the intrinsic merit of their performances, viewed as such, they spoke volumes for the the intrinsic merit of these performances. That there are grave misapprehensions abroad as to the character of these despised people there can be no doubt. The misap- prehensions are grave enough even in Queensland ; down South they are ludicrous. The settlers in New South Wales and Vic- toria have a vague but fully fixed idea that the Queensland black is a deformed and ferocious savage, ever anxious to kill some- body—a savage utterly devoid of human affection and intelligence, who customarily lives on snakes or sorrier vermin, and who is irreclaimably brutal in any case. These ideas seem to be ridiculous enough thus plainly stated in damnatory black and white, but their existence can be readily enough verified by any unbiased person who so- journs in the South with his ears open. Last week it was clearly proved that the aboriginal of Queensland—accepting these as typical specimens—ranks, for intelligence, sagacity, and the purely human attributes, well above the aboriginal of New South Wales, anyhow. These men were very fine fellows, viewed simply as animals. But they were more than that. They had, it was easily observable, some sense of natural humour (having which no man, or body of men, is beyond hope), the gifts of repartee and adaptability, and a good deal of genuine intelligence. They were very degraded once, it is said ; they are not degraded now—ergo, they are amenable to modifying, or better uplifting, influences. They are men and (in the general sense) brothers. 