[PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.] THE GRINDING MILLS OF GOD, By RITA. Author of "Peg the Rake," "Kitty the Rag," "A Woman In It," "A Husband of No Importance," "Joan and Mrs. Carr," "Sheba," &c.;, &c.; [COPYRIGHT.] CHAPTER XXVIII.—( Continued.) 'WHEN did you say you expected the crisis?' he asked. 'To-night, I be- lieve,' I said. 'I was not here when she was taken ill. She was nursing my friend there, who is now on the road to recovery. I fancy Mrs. Langrishe struggled against the symptoms longer than we imagine.' He put the watch back in his pocket. 'I shall stay here to-night,' he said, suddenly. 'I will watch her myself. There are one or two points about the case that interest me. I suppose I can have a bed here, if necessary.' 'Certainly,' I said. There was a jubilant ring in my voice that must have struck on his ear. 'You seem pleased,' he said, with an odd smile lurking round his grave lips. 'Yes,' I said. 'I am. I have been very anxious.' 'Have you done all the nursing your- self—both cases?' 'Yes,' I said. 'It was too hard,' he said. 'Much too hard. You should have had another nurse here.' 'Dr. Langrishe did not think it necessary. Besides the whole house- hold is upset. The servants have fled in terror of the infection.' He began to pace the room slowly and thoughtfully. I heard wheels on the gravel below. It was the dogcart to take him to the station. I went over to the window. James Langrishe sat there, holding the reins. He looked up, and shouted impatiently that there would only be time to catch the train. The doctor went downstairs and out of the front door. From where I stood I could see and hear them both. 'I am not going back to Dublin, Langrishe,' He said. 'I shall stay here. A change is at hand. I want to watch it. But you can drive me to the post office if you wish. I must send some telegrams.' I saw James Langrishe's face turn from red to white. For a moment he said nothing, only sat there, staring straight before him. Then he muttered something about its being all right, and the doctor sprang up beside him. He gave the horse a savage cut, and the dogcart whirled down the avenue. I turned from the window and went into Nell's room, before ringing for the girl and giving her directions. 'Oh, Nell,' I said. 'We've found a friend at last. The Dublin physician is going to remain till the crisis is over.' The girl's face turned very white. The tears of weakness and relief sprang into her large blue eyes. 'Oh, thank heaven,' she said. 'Oh, Debbie, how clever you are. How did you manage it?' 'It managed itself,' I said. 'I was as astonished as you.' Then I sat down on the side of the bed for a few moments, and held her small wasted hand in mine while in low hushed whispers we discussed the diary. * * * * * * The afternoon passed quietly. The physician came in twice. Dr. Lang- rishe did not appear again until dinner was over. She was then growing rapidly worse, and hope sank within my breast every moment. Suddenly, she turned her head and murmured something. I bent close to catch the words; they were so faint. I turned quickly to the doctor. 'She asks for claret,' I said. He considered a moment. Then he turned to James Langrishe. 'Let her have it,' he said. 'It can do no harm now.' He turned to leave the room. The physician looked at me. 'Go you, too,' he whispered. 'Fetch it your- self; open it here; don't let it out of your hands.' I felt myself change colour. Was it possible, after all, that James Langrishe had betrayed himself; that these keen professional eyes had seen something amiss? I hurried after him: my dress made no noise, on the carpeted floor. As he entered the dining-room I was beside him. He started. The old evil look I knew flashed from his eyes. 'What do you want now?' he asked, savagely. 'The claret, of course,' I answered, coolly. And the corkscrew. I will open it upstairs.' He said nothing, but unlocked the sideboard and took out of the cellarette one of those small pint bottles Nell had mentioned in her notes. He put it down, and I quietly took possession of it. I glanced at the seal. It was un- broken. At least there had been no tampering with the wine. I secured a corkscrew and ran quickly upstairs. Even in this brief time there had been a change. I drew the cork, and poured out half a tumblerful of the wine. The doctor added some water and held it to her lips. She drank it thirstily, eagerly, Then . . . . It seemed a miracle—her whole face changed. The glazed dim look left her eyes. She gave a long deep breath, and lay back. 'Fan her,' said the doctor hurriedly, 'she wants air.' I took the large palm leaf fan I had so often used and waved it softly to and fro, and held a smelling bottle to her nostrils. At that moment Dr. Lang- rishe entered. The physician drew back a step. His quiet unemotional face bore a look of triumph. 'Your wife is safe,' he said. 'The worst is past. It is odd, these fancies they take,' he went on. 'You remem- ber with the Prince of Wales it was beer, but the result is generally the same. When the fate is swaying in the balance, I always listen to Nature. If she had asked for morphia I should have given it.' James Langrishe turned aside. I saw him take out his handkerchief and wipe his brow. His emotion seemed too great for words. He left the room. * * * * * * And now once more comes the trying part of the case, untiring watchfulness, unceasing care, will be needed. My vigilence must never relax, my energies must not fail. She will live, unless there should be a relapse. That is what I have to guard against. She is sleep- ing now, the natural, though, somewhat feverish slumber of convalescence. The Dublin doctor has gone to rest. I don't know where James Langrishe is. I am well content that he should not come into this room. I would he might never enter it again. Is it too hard a thing to say of that, wicked, wasted, unholy existence of his? The physician has telegraphed for another nurse from Cork. He says I am overdone; that I, too, shall fall ill if I don't rest. I fancy there is no more to fear now, and when I can leave the other nurse in charge I shall know the delight of one long, good night's rest! CHAPTER XXIX. August 27. A long, quiet, peaceful week. Nell is up and about the room, and gaining strength every day. Mrs. Langrishe's progress is slower and less perceptible. Still, every day of improvement is a sign of hope. And what of James Langrishe? He certainly does not trouble us at all. Perhaps conscience has made a coward of him, perhaps the Dublin physician alarmed him. I only know that he never interferes with me or my as- sistant, a young nurse from the Woman's and Children's Hospital, Cork. Mrs. Langrishe is left entirely in our hands. She needs no medicines now. Only plenty of light, wholesome nourishment. As soon as she is really convalescent, I shall urge her to come away for a change. She and Nell. I do not think the air of Knockminoss at all suitable to her. The household is still in the same disorganised state. We two nurses have to prepare the invalid's food our- selves, as the Irish servant has very little idea of cooking, at least of invalid cookery. I suppose she manages her master's dinners to his satisfaction, or she would be sent about her business. I am a poor eater at the best of times, and the plainer and simpler the food the bettor I like it, but even I began to rebel a little at the watery soups and greasy stews, and badly fried fish, which are served to Nurse O'Toole and myself. Nell simply cannot touch any- thing that Bridget Lehane does. I have to concoct jellies and milk pud- dings, and make beef-tea for her in my leisure moments. But I mind nothing now my anxiety is at rest. Besides, Mary Langrishe is the sweetest and most grateful of patients. I came up from the kitchen a short time ago. I had gone down to see to supplies and put on some fresh beef-tea for my patients. I had to reprimand the girl Bridget rather sharply. She had persistently stood gossiping with an old fish-woman at the back entrance, and persistently refused to attend to my call. For all excuse she told me that Katey Leary (one of the biggest vaga- bonds in the place) had been telling her 'such a mighty queer story' she couldn't drag herself away. I asked what the story was, and her garrulous Irish tongue ran on for fully a quarter of an hour. Disentangled from the meshes of 'I sez' and 'Sez I,' and some half-dozen family histories of O'Hooligans and MacCarthys and O'Briens, I made the story to be as follows:— Three weeks or so back a juvenile O'Hooligan, related in some mysterious manner to the redoubtable Katey Leary, had been out on an errand, and was returning home by a lane skirting the foot of a hill some couple of miles off. He saw a woman sitting at the bottom of the hill on a heap of stones, appar- ently resting. Her shawl was drawn over her head. He came close to her, and she turned and looked at him. Her face, according to the boy, was "just terrible." He knew, in some mysterious fashion peculiar to the Irish, that he had looked on no living woman—' 'twas a sperrit, miss, sure enough, and he gave a screech and took to his heels, and never stopped until he was safe in his mother's cottage.' Now, whether Tim O'Hooligan spoke of this adventure or not, I was unable to discover; but certain it was that between that date and this, the same woman, sitting in the same position, had been seen by some dozen or more equally credible authorities. The story was going about the neighbouring farms, and the place was getting an ill name. 'Not,' added Bridget, 'that that's to be wondered at, miss, for shure isn't it Dead Woman's Hill, where the murder was twinty years or more ago, an' small wonder if it's haunted now be them as can't rest in or out of purgatory.' 'Dead Woman's Hill,' I exclaimed, struck by a sudden memory. Where had I heard that name? I tried to think, but for a moment I could not remember. Then it all flashed back. The girl who died in the hospital, cursing James Langrishe's name. That was the place she had mentioned. 'I'll meet you there,' she had said. 'At the foot of Dead Woman's Hill, at midnight.' I had some of the Scotch superstitions. I was not sceptical as to ghosts or ap- paritions, or legends of haunted spots, and surely this was a very singular occurrence. There was a place in the neighbourhood called 'Dead Woman's Hill,' and probably its uncanny reputa- tion had made it a very safe trysting place. But yet, was it possible? Could I really believe that the poor ruined creature I had nursed in the fever ward of a London hospital was now haunting in spirit this very place! Are there stranger things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy,' I began to wonder. All day I have kept this story to myself, and "pondered it in my heart." It has a queer meaning for me. I felt unnerved for the first time in my life. A strange, unholy, longing took posses- sion of me to see this thing for myself. To find out if it really bore the sem- blance of the girl by whose death-bed I had stood, whose lifeless limbs I had straightened for the hideous sack in which she had been sewn and taken to the mortuary. I thought over ways and means. I had not yet been outside the grounds of Knockminoss. My brief spoils of exer- cise had consisted of a turn in the garden, a few moments pacing to and fro that long stretch of sloping grass before the house. I had more leisure at my command now. Still it would seem strange to start off for a midnight walk to a place two miles away. I must wait. I could not possibly do it until James Langrishe was out of the way. August 29th. A strange thing happened to-day. The doctor came upstairs after break- fast. He saw his wife, and made a few inquiries after her progress. I was alone in the room. Nurse O'Toole had gone to lie down in Nell's old bedroom, which had been thoroughly aired and disinfected, and which we nurses used now for our relief hours of rest and sleep. 'I have come to say, Mary, that I am called away for a couple of days,' he said. 'Now that you are getting on so well you won't need me. I leave you in good hands.' 'Where are you going, dear?' she asked, feebly. 'Only to Cork. I leave to-day. I shall be back on Saturday at the latest.' She smile affectionately, and laid her thin transparent hand on his. I saw his eyes fall on it. It was the left hand. The thick hoop of the wed- ding ring looked far too large and heavy for its emaciated strength. He drew his own hand away suddenly, and moved aside under some pretext of altering the light I had fixed up green inside blinds over the art - patterned roller ones, so as to keep the room dark and cool. 'A good idea,' he said. 'Was that yours, Deborah?' 'I saw Mrs. Langrishe start, and a keen, suspicious glance shot towards me. Naturally it must have seemed strange to her that utterance of my name. I wondered whether he had noticed the slip, or made it purposely. Nothing was impossible where James Langrishe was concerned. I answered him coolly, and without looking at him. 'Yes, Dr. Langrishe it was. We get all the morning sun this side of the house.' 'Would you like to change any more bedrooms?' he asked with that faint sneer I began to know so well. 'My house is quite at your service. Pray make any arrangements you please.' I heard the poor deluded creature in the bed apologising for and lamenting his discomforts. It put me out of all patience. I busied myself at the other end of the room and turned my back on him. I heard some more murmurs, some fond expressions, the sound of a kiss, and then he left. I breathed freely. It was delightful to think that for three days there need be no espionage, no tremors and fears. I fancy I had never realised how great the strain had been until that moment. When I turned again and looked at Mrs. Langrishe I saw she was quietly crying—crying because that traitorous wretch of a husband was going to Cork for two or three days. Truly the ways of women are strange and past understanding. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 