Not Appreciated. Froni Paris comes an excellent story, though the flavour (as the ' Morning' remarks) seems ancient. The other day a honvy rain storm converted the Rue Vlvlonne Into a good-sized stream, to the despair of a great lady, who was nnn We to cross the street. A power fully-built young Englishman was pass ing at the time, and, seeing the embar rassment of the lady, unceremoniously lifted her in his arms and Bet her down in safety on the other side. He saluted her, but tho lady only thanked him by exclaiming, ' Insolent !' Whereupon the young Englishman, without saying a word, took the lady once more in his arms, carried her to the pavement where he found her, resaluted her, and walked off. There Is a ghost In a New Tork church- ? yard thatflnvites persons passing through at night to sit beside him In a grave and converse. that T did not know what I was deing; ac cused was the only man I was ill company with yesterday.' '?.'.' ?.'.. -' ?'. ; '-. ' To Accused: Was drinking with other gentlemen in the Court Mouse Hotel ; do nit remember anyjdrinks being brought into the bedroom ; there was a young lady in the bedroom arranging things when we first went in ; to my knowledge she did not bring in any drinnks ; remember giving you change °f a £l - 8ave y°u some silver the balance of the change from £l I changed for drinks ; gave you the not* ami you handed it to the lady j did not know the £i was changed in the bedroom for drinks; the door was open when I laid down. To Sub-inspector Durham : Told accused to'kcep the change; accused did not occupy the bedroom that night; had no quarrel with him; there was no reason why he should clear out and take a room at the Kuynl Hotel ; the clothes I examined in the bedroom this morning were not the same ^s.lie had on yesterday. To aceiiacd : The lady handed the change you. -...'' t Acting-Serjeant Edward Marshall de poied :. Know the accused and the last witness ; on the 4th iiiit. they were both brought to the watch-hous* -on a charge of obscene language ; at the watch-house they were searched;, Johns had ,£13 .3s ''.ad; t vclve poind notes, the rest in silver,' and two coppers ; Donnelly had £1 and two shillings ifi silver ; on-their being discharged yesterday morning after 10 o'clock, handed \- to Johns £12 3s 2(1, and Donnelly 2s, after deducting the fine in each case. At this stage Sub-inspector Durham asked for a remand of eight days, which was grantee1 » ' 