CHOICE STORIES. Max Tegelstein's Duel. By Fred Whishaw. Max von Tegelstein was at bis tenth seidel bftagerbeer, and at that stage he •was generally quarrelsome and ridicu loufly arbitrary in his outlooks uponthings and his judgments thereupon. He had already fallen foul of Erdstein on the subject- of the ladies ; he had quarrelled, ■ mildly, with von Kampf upon matters " "dramatic, and with someone else upon ! another subject as to which he was equally ignorant and therefore the more noisy, and, now—I cannot imagine why, for, alas 1 it was a subject about which he knew even less than of those others upon which he had loudly laid down the law this night—now he had turned his atten tion to the Christian religion and those who were earnest in its profession, both one and the other falling, as it appeared, under his scornful disapproval and condetn / nation. ; His remarks caused some merri ment among the group of young Prussian " officers of whom he was one, but very " little'disapproval; for they were none of them of a serious turn of mind, aud had all, besides, consumed enough Piisener to wash away any lingering respect or consideration for anything whatever, whether in Heaven above or in the earth Wolder men sat at an adjoining table,-Civilians, smoking and taking their quiet glass of lager before departing^ for ■ Jiotne ; and the facetious and loquacious Mar had levelled against these sober and innocent persons more than one dart from the Quiver of his beer-befuddled wit, of which the objects of his winged satire had preferred to take no notice. But presently the speaker attracted their attention without meaning it. His remarks at thiB time, on the subject of the Christain religion and its Head, had become most irreverent and blasphemous, and he suddenly gave vent to an expres sion (which need not here be repeated) so outrageous and shocking that his very companions looked grave and forgot to laugh, or were ashamed to do so. At the same time one of the two elderly gentlemen seated at the next table rose to hisr feet and approached the young speaker. This was a man of fifty or more, grave and handsome, of medium height, very straight—a figure to com mand respect, [t commanded none from Max von Tegelstein, however. * See,' he said, loud enough to be beard by any in the room who cared to listen—' the old hens are going to roost at laBt!' The civilian took no notice of the re mark, but approached the table occupied by the party of young officers, and ad dressed Max, somewhat to the surprise of that individual. * Young sir,' he said; ' if I were to sit at my table and abuse in loud terms . the Colonel of your regiment, or even the King, whose servant you are would you not very properly resent it V * I should step across, sir, and tweak your nose,' said the young officer. 'Quite right,' said the other ; 'the re taliation would serve as a proper chastise ment for my want of taste and imper tinence. But you have done even worse than this. You have insulted in my presence the name of One who is more than Colonel or King to me; who is ! your Master as well as mine; whose humble servant I am, and whose most unworthy champion—for want of another and worthier—I must now be. I thank you for the suggestion as to the proper method of treating those who offend in the manner we speak of—this is my reply to your most base and most damnable calumny.' The civilian had slowly drawn of his glove as he spoke, and as he con cluded he brought it smartly across the Cheek of Max von Tegelstein, to the utter amazement of that befuddled youth, and the consternation of his no less beer bepritched companions. Max's hand flew to his sword, but his friends had wit enough left to seize his arm and prevent him drawing on an unarmed man. He foamed at the mouth with rage, but said nothing. ( Here is my card,' said the other ; 'Graf von Badstadt, a civilian, but per haps not unworthy in point of rank to cross swords with a lieutenant of his Majesty's infantry ; unworthy though 1! be to stand forth as champion in such a1 cause.' Max—too fuddled with beer to know j to the full how greatly he offended against every law of propriety—launched out into1 renewed abuse and profanity; repeating the expressions which had given offence, and others no less shocking. The civilian bowed gravely but said no more, except ing to introduce with a word his com panion, Baron von Ekhalt, who, he Baid, was at the immediate service of the lieutenant's nominee. ' One of the less ' exalted' of the mili tary group soon settled, with the Baron, ?11 preliminaries for the morrow's meeting, which, it was decided, should be in the . Thier Garten at 6 a.m. Which arranged, the Count and the Baron, having bowed to the officers, withdrew. Max von Tegelstein made another mis take. He Bhouted aloud after the two elderly men, as they retired, repeating a second time the offensive and blasphe mous words he had used before. ' That is three times, Ekhalt,' said the Count, as the two men departed down staiteand into the street-- * If Uocfc-wills j for these three insults I will three times chastise him.' To which the Baron grunted his assent, bis countenance looking as grim as his friend's. As for the young officers, they con sumed an eleventh seidel all round, and this loosened their tongues again, some what stilled awhile, as they had been, by the unexpected event of a few moments since ; and though there were many that laughed over the episode, and set down the Count as a fool and an old woman, there were also some who in their secret hearts greatly approved of the old man's conduct, and admired it. ' Don't kill the old fellow, Max !' said one or two; ' for he was grievously of fended, and he is, besides, an elderly man.' * Nay,'said Heinrichsohn, 'Max will not find it so easy as you suppose to pink the old fellow ; I heard of him as a prac tised dueller in his student days !' ' That was in the time of Noah, man J' said someone; how can you have heard anything of his student days V ' There was a * golden list' in my class, room,' explained Heinrichsohu, * of the premier swordsmen for each year ; Count von Badstadt's name appeared four years running in the fifties.' 'Then you must look out, Max, my son!' Baid his second; ' we will practise all night, if you please ?' At this Max fired up. ' Nonsense and foolery !' he said ; *1 will bet every man ! present a supper, with Johannisburger to to wash it down, that I pink the old gentleman in two rounds. If I win, you each stand me a supper on consecutive nights, with lager; if I lose, you all sup with me at my rooms to-morrow night ! ' If you lose, you may be pinked your self, man !' said someone ; but Max re plied with a curse that if he allowed a psalm-croaking old woman to wound him, might he shrivel up like a dead leaf; and if the fellow killed him, might his carcass be eaten by the crows and his ghost walk the earth for a penance. All laughed at '< this foolish sally, and they bade Tegel stein go to bed as soon as he might, for— good shoresman or bad—his adversary was not fuddled with beer, and he—Max —was, and this would give the other the advantage unless Max slept himself into equal terms again. ' Is the wager on, then V asked Max, as the party retired homewards. 'A supper to us all, with Jobannis burger if you do not kill your man in two rounds ; each a supper to you, with lager, j if you do : that is, you give us odds,' ex plained someone with a clear head ; and so the matter stood fixed. Excitement ran somewhat high among the friends of Tegelstein on the following morning, for it was not etiquette—of course—to interfere by their presence with the proceedings, and therefore no one had witnessed the duel in the Thier Garten, which all knew-must liana taken I place during the early hours. | Danenkrampft, Max's second, had not j —for some unexplained reason—turned ! up at barracks with a report of the affair; neither was Max himself—who lived out side the barracks—to be heard of in his rooms. Speculation was rife during the fore noon, and there were some who said that it was possible not only Tegelstein but also Danenkrampft had come to grief, the latter having, it might be, challenged the Count's second or the Count himself, and fallen, as well as Tegelstein. But this gloomy view was not held by many ; the more widely suggestion being that Tegelstein had either wounded or killed his man, and was on that account afraid to show himself in public. But all doubts and speculations were presently put an end to, for as the junior officers Bat to gether at their early lunch, Max himself came into the room, looking pale and serious, and took his nsual place, and be gan his lunch in his usual manner with a glass of Riga Kiimmel. So serious and grave did he appear that even those who were the most intimate with him scarce dared ask him what ailed him ; was he wounded % The question need scarcely have been asked ; for when Max replied gravely that he was, and pointed to his mouth, it was seen that three of his front teeth had been knocked out. Max departed early, having stated, when asked where Danenkrampft was, that he could not tell. After his departure all agreed that they had never seen poor Max look so upset before, and supposed that the shock of having had his teeth knocked out had affected him more than he knew. Evi dently, too, they had fought with pistols, not swords. Someone suggested that perhaps he had killed the old Count outright, and that the thing weighed upon him. But others said that thi3 was not like Max; he would be more upset to have missed his man than to have shot him ; he was never one to be emotional and foolish. When he went in for a duel, he meant business, and generally did business, too! But von Uhlmann declared that he believed Max had received a second wound in the head, under his hair on the left side. If that were really the casa, and he was almost sure he had seen the hidden wound, it was not in the least to be wondered at that he was heavy, and dull, and grave. *Ko, indeed,' laughed the company surgeon who was present; ' only that if he had such a wound as you describe, Ulhmann, the fellow would be a candi date for funeral honors—that's all!' Whereat all laughed at von Ulhmann, and said his eyes were too big for his common-sense, which escaped out of them. Someone had asked Max von Tegel stein whether he felt up to receiving the company to supper that night, since he had loBt his wager. This was said more as a feeler than as a hint that the supper would be a desirable entertainment, for the speaker had voiced the general desire of those present to discover whether Max had killed his man or not. 4 Yes, yes —come, all of you !' Max had replied ; and this answer proved at least to all who heard it that their comrade had not' pinked,' as he himself called it, hiB older adversary, and had accordingly, as they justly concluded, loBt his bet. This meant a supper for those who had part in the wager; and a company of six men went together to Max's lodgings at ten of the clock, the hour fixed, very hungry for the repast, having stored their appetites because of Max's reputation for hospitality and good living ; Max being one of the few in the regiment blessed with comparative wealth. At the door, which was opened by him, stood Danenkrampft. * What, Danen!' said the guests, pleased to see him here ; ' so you have come, have you! Never far off when there's a feast on the tapis 9 Is supper ready V * Good God ! what do you mean ?' said Danenkrampft ; 'do you tell me you have come to supper, and Max ' he paused. ' Well, and Max 2' said Ulhmann, ' go on, man!' ' Come and see !' said Danenkrampft, and all followed him, wondering, into the inner chamber. Max was lying upon his bed, silent and white—asleep, it was thought. 4 What ails him ?' someone asked. * Ib he feeling his wound ? is he ill? is he asleep ?' ' Look again,' said Danenkrampft. Then they crowded around, sick at heart, and looked closely into Max's face , and all started back pale and trembling, for the youth lay cold and dead, and there was no mistaking it. * When did he die ?' asked one, with trembling lips. * At the second shot,9 said the other ; * the first shattered his mouth ; ' That's for the lie that dishonored my Master !' said his opponent, the Count, who is cer-. tainly one of the finest shots I ever saw. Then we agreed upon a second exchange, and Max's bullet flew wide; but the Count's took him on the left temple and he fell dead on the spot. I have been busy with the authorities, who would not, until half an hour ago, permit me to remove him from the mortuary, whereto, the police carried him or else I should have been up to tell you all about it. It was hard on poor Max that pistols were used instead of swords; he was never much of a shot, but he could handle the foils a bit!' ' But stop a minute, Danenkrampft began von Uhlmann, whose teeth rattled as he spoke, like castanets : * do you .Sfcett us be was killed this morning before, lunch ?' j 'Certainly I do," Baid Danenkrampft; ; 'the shot hit him in the temple and lie never moved a finger after !' . Von Uhlmaun rose from the stool he had sunk upon, as though to speak, but no words came. Instead, he groaned aloud, looked wildly around iat the faces of the rest, as agitated aB hiB own, and fainted away. This story was told me for absolute truth by von Erdatein ; I can explain it no more tiian he .could. —The, Idler. 