The IayisiMe World. J Among the .revelataonswhich modern science has made to mankind, is the -world of invisible beingB £yj^hich we are surrounded, and_ t&ViitifluBnce; they have on men's' in- spirits, space peo'plea'l^^j'lc^ons of unseen beings, some.ifeajgniand «qiae malign in their BuppteB^c^ktionships to human creatareSjii^^^ffijm'-to -our race. Not many. centunietf ^haTe elapsed since the intercourse between denizens of the in visible-and Jrirable worlds was understood to be much more direct and material than at present. ;1 Earth, air, and sea were thronged iffitinjreatiires of a spiritual and invisible nature. Fairies, elves, and goblins.;. nixes, pixes, mermaids, trolls, leprechauns, brownies, and. kelpies were 1 epoken of as realities.. Demons, warlocks 'and witches were endowed by-the Father j of evil spirits with supernatural powers, -which enabled them to Bkirn the stormy j midnight seas in eggshells ; or, mounted i on Broomsticks, sail on the wings of the I wind. Contemporaneous with a belief in j such invisibleeiititleE-was a dread of them. ; Diseaseawere accounted to be due to j their malific influences. The criminal | annals of; European county ?s contain records of the trials of persons who were accused of, having purchased the aid of ghostly comrades in order to inflict injury on some unsuspecting and perhaps un offending neighbor. Not only were human beings, but animals, subject to their artfc- Among the commonest oper ated upon wasthe household cow. With out visible mark or sign she was elf- shot; and the-proof of -this appeared from her -going off her milk; , dwindling away, and dying before her calves could be counted on the hooves of one foot. Women have i been condemned by courts for bewitching cattle. Of a certain young woman who was a distinguished member of a dancing - assembly in the West; of Scotland one stormy night, it is related ^ "Many a beast totiead'she shot, ~ And perishedmanya bonnieboat, And shook baithtoeikle com and beir. And kept tile country side in lear." Science, while laughing at the idea of j powers for good or ill being attributed ] to such creations of the imagination, has revealed the existence of .a material invisible world of creatures, whose powers excel all that fear or fancy has ever attributed to those of whom we have been speaking. Far as are the distances in space to which the human eye may pene trate, and numerous as are the worlds revealed byi;he aid of the telescope, they are not more distant from ordinary ken, nor more, infinite in number, than the inhabit^te^J&p; invisible world around us hot only- Sii earth, air, and water, but eyeninour owhbodies. Though invisible to the naked eye, there is a world revealed by the microscope, whose inhabitants are more-numerous, and more. powerful thanthoseof the unseen world of goblins j and ghosts, and yet are of material sub- j stance. - At short recurring periods our attention j is called to this invisible world by the | action of-some of its inhabitants, because science fias told us most of the diseases, to which men and animals are subject, and which were wont to be attributed to evil spirits, are due to'tiie former. Onie in-' liabitantrpf it. has recently been causing our HtoCkowners great apprehension and alarm ; we refer to the protozoon, Pyro sjma begeminum—ihe active Agent in the production of lick fever and redwater. It is one of nature's mysterious inhabitants of the invisible world. The beginning of what is known as life is dimly, perceptible in matter called protoplasm. ■ In its simplest form it is not organised, but" pos sesses the power of assimilating other matter, and diffusing itself. Science has not been able- to reveal the mystery of protoplasm, and life, which is associated with it. The simplest forms of living things are little more than atoms of proto plasm. The PyroBoma is one of them. It is an animal, as appears by its con sumption of organic matter ; and it con sists of a single cell. Organs of sense, -motion, andreproduction cannot be dis tinguished in its construction. Protoza congregate in masses, but the cell is the individual. .They are included' with bacteria under the general term micro organisms, though the amount of organisa tion is indistinguishable. What may be called the domestic economy of the hosts parasite are familiar to us. So far the tw 18 the Pyrosopia we - hqve:yet Whether it is transmitted from* one generation to another may be difficult to deterinine; we have not seen mention made of its haying been discovered in the egg of the tick. When the tick is hatched from the egg in its larval state it crawls up a blade of tall graiss to improve its chance of laying hold of Bomeiiving thing. It remain? inert, but hooks on to a passing bullock at the first opportunity. There it regales itself with mammalian blood, takes amate, and fulfils its life mission. While reference to these elementary facts in the life history of the denizens of the world of invisible forms by which we are surrounded may-serve to attract at tention to the interesting lecture given by | Mr. Pound last night* his discourse should quicken the minds of all to the realities of the present, which have superseded the fancies of the past. .The pestilence which walketh in darkness is not an emissaiy from the pit, but a microorganism. It is a living creature, insensible to exorcism and anathema, but quickly susceptible to material agents, ; directed by scientific skill. In our modern invisible world, as in that of imagination and romance, there _ are creatures whosepowers are exercised for the benefit of man—at least he turns : them to this own advantage. Among the j most newly discovered of these is the bacteria for ripening cream. This precious j liquid, when left exposed to the open air, is subject to invasion by all sorts of micro- j organisms j gerpis of typhoid, diphtheria,; dengue fever, and other diseases are apt j to pop into the cream crock, and there fester, to, the after peril of the comsumer of butter. Now the scientific dairyman, when he -has his cream ripe, heats it to 158° or 160°, and thus destroys the micro-1 organisms—at least a great majority of them. Then he introduces a culture of cream confining germs which are. not only harmless, but improve the toothsome quality of well-made butter. The subject is one on which much more might be J said, but these remarks, we doubt not, will suffice at present to arouse increased Interest in die living inhabitants which science fcasjravealed around "us, in the invisible world -rrOapncornian. ]Ur/H.jl!i1>OT^er«,;.2tP-, on behalf of ihe Politiq3 ^minittee of the National Li l»eral CJub/liaa appealedto (be National JLil>i-riI Association to support the demand ' for J he delegation : jf;aiiagement of Ian.: i ffairaall rOond to tlie Beyeral portions . of tins United Kingdom, and also the limita tion > f the power of tbe.fibnse of Lords to cxirSs' its veto to one Occasion .only on any 5 one rtibject, thus givjpgtbe HoiiBe ofOoin h»V«js -'power to override fcbevetoof the \--- latfl* Vy passing • neonate a eeoond time. 