STORIES. The Little General. (Chambers's Journal.) [By Riocabdo Stephenb.J It being Saturday afternoon, Timothy McCarthy, senior, was very drank. He had beaten Kathleen, his wife, •much earlier than usual, and young Tim, •coming in soon after, got a stray and •careless clout oil the side of the head,, while poking'about for a match to light his pipe. A year ago young Tim might hav^ -stood this, but he was married now, a •six' months' married man with a onegroomed houBe of his own, and having -only looked in to pass the time of day, And having also had a glass or two, he felt it to be a breach of hospitality. " Ye onmannerly old sinner I 'heard him shout through the open window, " here's for yez !" and the clout •was returned generously. The free fight that came after it stilt •remembered in Rutherford's Close, off the High-street of Edinburgh. ' They fought the length of the fairly long rodm, from the fireplace to the door, and back again from the door to the fireplace as you'll or experience proved the -stronger, until Kathleen bad screamed herself boarsp, and even the hardened children playing in the dirty court below looked up astonished from their dust and mussel-shells. They fought back arain to the door, tugging and straining, at too«close quarters to do all the damage they wished, while I watched them from my window, one flat higher 011 the other side of the <eoiirt. Then a cunning back-fall sent Young Tim against the door, which flew open, and staggering out of my sight together, they rolled down the dark stair, fighting into the High-street through a crowd of interested neighbors, who were far too sportsmanlike to interfere. I, having some weeks of hard reading behind me, and an examination very near, was not so liberal-minded as the neighbors, and, going through the wynd presently, expressed my opinions freely to them concerning Messrs. McCarthy. ." Another, such row," I said, " and I'll get old McCarthy to the police station. Some of you can tell him so when he's sober." They told him apparently before that desirable state was reached, and standing under my window a little later, flushed with victory, he expressed hie opinion of me and my manners—which be offered to improve in one. lesson if I'd give him the chance. This I declined to do until he should be saner, whereupon he classified me as a cowardly water-drinking viper, saying there was none each in. onld Ireland, thanks be to St. Patrick, and went away to drink again, with the result that a little before midnight Kathfcen McCarthy was: yelling murder for all she was worth. , I was awake anddressed, and reading, and I had not forgotten Old Tim's contemptuous sarcasms. It sounded as though Kathleen was suffering for my shyness of encounter,, and that stung me badly. Besides, twice, to my knowledge, killing had been done ..within a hundred yards of that place without any attempt at. interference,. and I had. no mind to risk being a party to a. third such affair. The screams continuing, I ran out and knocked up a neighbour. ."Fetch the police for. your life!" I said, *• and: bring them to Tim McCarthy's !" and then X bolteddown my stair and stumbled up Tim's, until I had. groped .my way to his door. There I paused and listened, lurking on the threshold with .no thicst for unnecessary risks. Kathleen was now scolding and cryingat the same time, so the danger was not pressing. I {lid not know how many might be in the room, but I calculated that they were likely all to set upon me together,, if I presented myselfas an unbidden-guest, and here I thought I.would wait for the police. I listened lest any sadden outbreak should force me to go in alone, , but the first fresh sound came from below. A quick step sounded in the wind, and 'mounted the stair. It was too quick and light for one of the police, but came up with this' decided sound of a foot that knew the place, and tad no need -to soften its tread. I moved to meet it, and was at once challenged in a clear firm voice, as a shiadowy figure rose. ' ' ' • " At! Yopt neighbor met; me," the voice broke iii dirbcuy l began to explain' '«• You frightened him; and he has insisted on going for the police, though I told him I didn't think they'd te needed. Let's,go in!" • ".They're quieter now." I.whispered ; shan't we wait ?" " Why ?" said the voice brusquely, and, without waiting for the answer which I was cudgelling. my brains to shape as concisely as the question, (he figure threw the door open and stepped in confidently with a Pax vobiscum. I, ashamed, followed closed upon his heels, and was immediately put on my guard, for Ould Tim, whose whisky sodden intelligence, I believe, the salutation bad not yet reached, scented treachery, and came for me as straight and as swiftly as his condition would allow. Pax vobiscum I The slight, straight figure stepped swiftly between tafl, one hand upraised, and Tim came no farther. " Stand you back, Tim McCarthy !" bftid the little man severely, " or if you cant's stand, then lie, but don't come a step this way, or 'twill be a bad night for you !" But there was no thought of rebellion. When two tall and sturdy members of the city police tramped stolidly up a few minutes later, there was nothing for them to do. Tim lay asleep and snoring in the corner; Kathleen moaned and winced a little under the deft fingers of the priest, who was dressing a cut over one well-blackened eye, while I, a medical—though it iB true only in my second year—was humbly holding the candle. The two men grinned and saluted, getting a quick little nod in return, as my companion, sbfety-pin in mouth, made a neat reverse of the bandage round Kathleen's head. We're no needit," said one of them, with conviction, and I saw a little dry smile develop, as well as it might, around the safety-pin. The two men saluted again and went away, and we finished patching up Kathleen. After that, the little man, having shaken his head sternly over the unconscious Tim in the corner, gave a parting word to his wife. " Send your man to me by nine tomorrow morning, Kathleen McCarthy, and see that he comes sober. Come round yourself after vespers, and I'll look at your head. Now, sir, if you and I are going down the si air together, we might introduce ourselves." In that way began my acquaintance with Father Munro. I walked to bis door with him that night, and did not decline so unhesitatingly as I ought to have done, when he invited me to come in. " It's too late, sir," I said; " some other time, if I may." " Pooh ! Nonsense !" said the oldman in his sharp military manner. " Young fellows like you, and old fellows like me are no lie-abeds. Come away in, man !" and I went with no further ado. : He took me into a fair-sized square room, sparely furnished, but having its walls hidden by books from floor to ceiling.' On the table stood a plate of cold-porridge and a quaint, tall glass of milk, set out. daintily with a fine white napkin, and an old silver spoon ; and this I mention, since later on I found that a mix ture of simplicity with touches of daintiness were characteristic of Father Munro. These things he looked at whimsically for an instant, first at them, then at me, and making an excuse, left the room. Presently he returned triumphant, a bottle of wine in one hand, and a plate of cheese in the other, and setting them down and paying no heed to my remonstrauces,. went off again to fetch in more. " I'm hnngry, and can't/ eat' alone," was all he said, when things were arranged to his satisfaction ; after which, pouring out wine for me, he said a short Latin grace, and attacked his porridge with vigor and decision, beaming upon me when I showed a 'good appetite, but taking none of his good things for himself. " After supper, however,, he allowed himself a pipe, while I, at his invitation, lit a cigarette, and he started to chat. Of'the actual talk little , or nothing ,'is worth repeating. /'I' recall it only because, while I watched and,listened, hie showed so'clearly what manner "of mail he was. ." : His demeanor was courtesy itself; yet peremptory, matching well with the fine, closely-cropped' head; the benignant face, and strong, firm jaw. A distinguished, almost foreign politeness orpa mfented bis soldietly speech, just as a damascening of gold will brnataient' ft good steel blade. , I was sure' he had lived abroad ; I shouldnbthave been surprised to hear that he had seen military service, and in my own mind I then and there dubbed hiin "The Little General." One tfcmg marked faW'off distinctly from the titulary types I 'am. Customed to : ;' be seemed tobave.fio practical tespect : fer the Iftw.'^&s;^'o! and that itself in tlie one speech which I think worth repeating. Speaking of the way in which he had marched in upon Ould Tim, Lsnggested that ht* ran more risk than was necessary. At this Father Munro cocked a clear grey eye at me, and aBked what I would : have had him do. "Thelaw," I said, "and the police, are for such people, are they not. and for such times? Did you need to run the risk of meeting a mad drunkard, and possibly others behind him. when the police were almost at the door ?" But Father Munro was indignant. " The law, sir ! the law ! Risk ! and the police! The law is meant to protect the weak and defenceless, is it not ? I was there, and yon, sir'—with a polite little bow. " They are my parishioners, and accept me as their judge, yes, aud their executioner on occasion. Boastfulness is becoming in an old man ; but at one time, sir, some said I could use rapier and claymore a bitj and my hand can guard my head yet when I carry my pastoral Btaff. He nodded, twinkling quaintly toward a corner of the room, and looking there 1 saw a stout blackthorn. '' Do you think I go about among my poor children with th* law at my back?" he asked, seeming almost hurt at the notion. "I noticed that the law evidently thought you could take care of yonrself," I said, remembering the two policemen, and this seemed to please Father Munro.. He laughed, and told me that the police were his very good friends, some of them his parishioners, too, and then turned the conversation, chatting to me about books and my own work until I got up hurriedly, with an apology for having been led to forget the time. I must be in your parish too, sir," I told him, " and if an heretic is allowed to come in now and then when you're not too busy, or to hope for a pastoral visitation, I wish you would add my name toyourlist." The little man, rising alertly to see me out, looked keenly into my eyes ,for a second, and then held out his hand. " These doors are open to you, my son, whenever you choose, and if an old man's society won't trouble you, you shall see me up your stair before long ;" and he bade me good-night. After that 1 began to see Father Munro often, and to hear of him still oftener. Everyone* who. knew him had a good word for him, and after having been seen once or twice in his company, I met the Irish among my neighbors on a very different footing. Even the McCarthys grew friendly, and nothing pleased young Tim better than to yarn away about the little priest's doiugs. He told me of the Waking of M'Clure, of the great Orange fight, and of many other matters, in all of which Father Munro was the hero, " Faith; he's a man!" young Tim would say at last, in' a way that made me think he placed that same man above most of the saints. One thing, however, Father Munro could not do with either young Tim or old Tim. He could not stop their whisky-drinking. Ould Tim wonld keep off it for a Saturday, maybe even tw<% but rarely three. The longer he was sober, the longer and fiercer would be the bout that followed, and the worse for poor old Kathleen. As for young Tim, he drank mush less, but a much smaller quantity put him in the fighting'mood. He never struck his wife, and he tried to avoid old'Tim; but when they met, both in their cups, then there was a battle royal. Thus things were, when one summer Saturday Evening, a. year after my first meeting with Father' Munro, I passed into the court as old Tim came stag- gering. put. At the foot of his stair were some arigiy women who; after be had reeled by, screamed their abuseat him. Upstairs I could hear Kathleen moaning, and I was told that t^te beating had been much worse than usual, so bad that, just before ould Tim had left her, one neighbor'had gone off for young Tim and another for Father Munro. •' ' " " ' ; IraiiUp thesiair, and found the woman badly bruised, bpt nothing more, add then, on .my way to the Infifmary saw yonng Timbnrrying away towards the wynd, stick in ' hand. A little farther on I met 'the woman who had gpne for Father Munro. "His riverehce'wasout," she- said,"and wouldn't be in for an hour, %hen he'& beiitold," and I passed on,toforget all abdut thfe matter -a few minutes later,' in the Inrork of what is known as' In-taking, which is as follows: ' . Sacti medical and each surgical ward has ite in-taking day and night, daring whifih it ''•ieiiBWSs, if po^ible, al cases aftmittea fo^; tieiitjitetft. -'^tt \ Biii^Hiajr 'night, therefore, therewill beaTesidenV L dnty to examine and treat all surgical cases, deciding which shall be*admitted, and which must be treated as out-patients. This was receivingnight for the surgical ward in which I clerked; and being a Saturday, was fairly busy. A battered drunkard or- two came in, of course, and battered victims of the same. A child, also, who had been run, over, and a girl from the country, at whom the ever^flourishing fool had pointed the ever-handy loaded. gun, though, fortunately; withput the usual fatal result. We had seen to the girl, and packed her off to bed; and Macintosh, the resident, was relieving his mind, and amusing us, by tofying the fool what he thought of him, what might happen, and what might be the consequences to bim, the fool, when another cab rolled to the door. A lively young dresser, who sat on the table swinging his legs, jumped down and ran out to see what was coming, but came back at 1 once. A reverend gentleman on the spree .'" he announced ; and presently in came Father Munro. His shovel hat was crushed 'down over his eyes, his coat collar was turned up to meet it, his face—as much of it as could be seen when he came in—was ehalky-white, and the face of young Tim, on whose arm he leant heavily, was not much better. I stepped forward ot once, speaking to him by name as I did, and " The Little General" greeted me with a dazed smile. " Old bones, Mr. Tregenna, and old eyes! I've had a tumble at last, you see, and Tim McCarthy insisted, on bringing me here.'' ',, " Quite right, sir," I said. " Here's the doctor ready for you," and I introduced Macintosh, being very careful, to let that gentleman know the sort of man he had for a patient." I might have spared myself the trouble. Father Munro was his own recommendation, and in two minutes was sitting bolt upright—he refused . to lie on the table—having two very ugly head wounds examined, and being treated with as much respect as any pope could desire. There were two straight, cleim cuts, Bide by side, .across the top of the head, and on one side was another, and the resident stood looking at them curiously before he asked any questions. " How did you say this was done, sir?" 1 heasked. " I was going up a dark stair," Father Munro told him quietly, " and I had a fall." " Did your head strike against anything?" I expect I struck it in falling," said Father Munro ; and then, a little more slowly and distinctly, "it was a mistake made in the dark." I might be wrong, but it sfeemed to me that he meant everyone in the pkee to hear that, and standing by the resident, I looked still more carefully at the head. Two clean cut, parallel wounds on the top, and one at the side. Where before had T seen such another head. 1 I could not remembnr, but stood racking my brain with no result. " Now then, Tregenna ! Look alive, m!" . Macintosh aroused me from my meditation with a nudge, and I save him the help that he wanted, wondwmg all the time. " Were you alone,. 6ir ? " Macintosh asked, ibis vriiilehe pushed the examination further. He seemed puzzled too. "Iwas going up the stair alone," Father Munro said patiently. " You must have struck your head twice, then?" . " I cannot remember all. I was rather stunned, I think." " Rather ! " Macintosh mattered to himself, and then seemed to remember Young Tim, who was still standing and wutching ns auxionslyfrom the far end of the. room.': " Were jou there at the timer • >-•••••'. • Macintosh asked yonng Tim thequestion, but; it was. Father Munro ° who answered.-.-. ; : " McCarthy found me at vthe ioot *>f the stair," and Young Tim said nothing. j Macintosh evidendythougbt that the less his patient .talked the better, and he as&ed; no more questions juBt then.' ' : We got Father Muhro tb bed, 8haved off jthe tlnck grey hair, dressed 13ie : great scilp wounds, amd put ak ice cap on the grand heiid,'ahd for ia time all ! wenit well. Before we had finished, I remembBted wHere I had . Been' otber such wdunds, but I : held my pieace anil waited. andhe irii8 put r ^to : the ward for^ihe night 'v;'.. 0 ; " . . " i "In the morning, sit," said Madn- •toiBh, sumyiiig ;:Wm, in' aVoritical 'may, mUi tia ttUfisllw wSjir&noi;&tii;&ti; imie nil was dope, " we'll get you a, quieter crib." The old man lay and smiled quietly at him. • • "I shall do very well here, doctor, thank you." '"Hope so, sir,'' Macintosh said, and capped as he wished him goodnight, which waB unprecedented, and made even our never-to-be-surprised staff open her eyes widely for a second. When the morning came it was not thought' necessary to move him after alL Craig, the street preacher,, was lying in the next bed when we -brought Father Munro in, and knowing him by,sight, was at first strongly antagonistic. 1 heard the words " papist" and " Bcarlet woman" muttered wratbfully, while we were getting our charge into bed, and we gave a hint both to Craig and to the night nurse before we left. The next morning,, however, things were very different. Craig, who was my case, beckoned me to hie bed directly I went into the ward \ he held . a finger to his lips, and pointed that, Father . Munro was dying. 1 Yer boots are fair thunderons," he whispered reproachfully. " Can't you see the man's asleep ?" I took the rebuke calmly, but couldn't resist a dig at him. " I'm glad you leave him quiet,"' I said. " I thought you'd be at him if you gota chance."" " There's a time for a' things," said Craig philosophically. " I've kep' an ee on him, an' he's, a guid heart, though sair misled. We'llhae a bit crack later, maybe, and the doctor needna' be feared. I'll keep the. ward quiet." Twice a day Yonng Tim came for our bulletin, wild-eyed and anxious, and twice I sent him away comforted. Father . Munro lay placid and patent, , worshipped by the nurses and respected by all. For three days we hoped and then a change came. He grew restless, turn- ing from side to side, and murmuring to himself. As I stood watching him from Craig's bedside that night he spoke aloud: " A wife and a bairn." he said, " a wife and a bairn ;" and waB Bilent again. I was reading the chart that hung at his bed-head when the chief and the resident came in together and looked at him, at which he turned over a little, and looked*up into the chiefs, face with a smile not quite so bright as usual. 1 What's this you want, sir ?" asked the chief at last; - " One of your parishioners in to see you ?" And Father Munro's smile grew brighter. '" Tut, tut!" the chief went on testily, "you're off duty, man ! Someone else is seeing to your work." Bnt Father Munro laid an entreating hand upon his sleeve, and beckoning him to stoop, whispered in Ins ear. " Can't be done," the chief snapped at him when he finished. " I'm responsible for you, yon know." "And I for him?" pleaded Father Munro The chief frowned down with the frown that awed so many fetudents before they knew him. " Man, it's fair ridiculous!" he said, quite unprecedented. I certify- that you're not fit for any duty." But Father Munro pleaded on. : When he finished, Macintosh, stands ing with the chart in hte hand, held it* out for the chief, : who, With a snort of impatience, took it,, and stepped away toward me.;, Then. he laid a finger on the upward line that m^rked a rising . body-temperature and turned to Macintosh again.. • ' «* 'tifis' '-ino'tion;ot < '.l^'.i think, sir," Macintosh said Softly.' ' " He's worrying over it.. t&m;^n^t&hv;' or I shouldn't have troubled you.': He slept very little last night, you tnow." " What on earth doe^'he want to confeBB a man for?" asked the chief, impatiently; but that totis - beyond Macintosh,' and he shook his head.' "If things go on like ^hi8,' , said the chief, with his finger on the chart, "I shall operate to-morrow, morning." " What db yoa tiiink of let^ng him have liis '^a'ifeW" asked Macintosh; but the chief was quite c ind%nant, and they Went down the shadowy ; ward—it was growing yety late—with thelr heads together, talking' softlyi ; while Father Munrd 'lay ? End 7 wateh^d; peerihgly anxiously af psr them all the time. -What Macintosh said further I do not know, bnt thby came ^ack to 1 the bed. •What Fatiier Munro said further I don't know either, but at last ihe chief called me, and at once began to relieve his mind. *- ' ."What are you doing hereatthiB' time of Uight, Tt^gehna ?" •• Taking a case, tar." •:" : M YOu'vle ho' rigiit'-to be here, nOne at all. There'^ ho^didciplinfe' hetei We can't havetbiseoit of thing,T>r. Mactosh ! There ! there !" (as Macintosh tried to speak) " that will do ! It mast be seen to." Then lie turned and bent over Father Monro again. " You'll be satisfied if you see this man to-night?" And "Father Munro smiled on him. "Ten minutes are all yon want, and yon promise to sleep after ?" j'l shall sleep he promised and then 1 got my instructions. I was to fetch Young Tim to Father Monro's bedside, and I was to leave him there ten minutes. I was to warn him first as to his behavior," and I was to take him away when time was up. Then we all three left the ward. Macintosh to get a little sleep, for he was to come round again later, the chief to go home, and I to do mv errand. I found Young Tim sitting in his one room, at the top of a seven-storied house, staring out at a cloudless sky, in which stars were beginning to show. His wife and the baby were sound asleep, but Tim looked as though hq had' never known whatsleepmeant. He heard my errand in silence, and in silence he walked Tiyme until—in the darkened ward, where only here and there a glimmer of gas was shown, and where the only -other moving thing was the ghost-like shape of the night-nurse—we stood by Father Munro. " Ten minutes, my son," was all that the priest said to me; and then, drawing away to a window seat, watch in "hand, I lefttbem. Screens fenced the corner in which the bed lay, the last' on that side of the .ward. I could' not see, 1 could not hear what was going on. Once or twice I heard a stifled sob, crashed at once by the voice of the little General, als the 'minutes dragged like hours. The night-nurse, moving like a shadow here and there down the glimmering length of the place, the silent forms dimly outlined in the nearer beds, were no company to me. • Once I raised my watch until I could see the second hand moving, and hear the sound. I gave them the ten minutes and a few seconds over. Then I went and tapped at the screen. The voices had' stopped, and when I went round at the Little General's word, he lay and smiled peacefully at me, his hand laid upon young Tim's head, while Tim's face was buried in the bed-clothes. " Tim and I have settled our affairs," said the Little General, " and you are a witness to ! it, my son, if ever witness is needed." ' " Would ye doubt my authority, Tim McCarthy ? I've confessed you, and absolved you, with a penance and a pro-' mise. Fare ye well !" The thin fingers were extended in benediction, and then Tim, with thenars streaming down his face, crept away into the darkness, and knelt in his {-lace. " Can I do anything for you, sir ?" His hand trembled in the air once more, whether for me or for the vanished man I do not know. "An innocent wife and a bairnj" said Father Munro, " Nunc' dimittis," and turning his face to the wall slowly, slipped into dreams from which he never rallied. The Little General was carried to his gfave with more pomp than ever he-had encouraged while' alive ; and many maesesWere emd for his soul before! met young Tim again, "Though the use av m&s8ea; to a ' holy saint in Paradise," as Bridget M'Closkysaid to toe, 1 4 i6 unbeknown;" ' t hfd thought of Young Tim often, ?:|iawn^'aiinn«a8y dbubtconcerningliiHi, to^dijOTBsin^^!"i«p". the ! G»ssmarket n i g l r t , & y^^mi^i^iaitf, when « Think of the devil!" I misquoted, and then aton^, for there was light enough to see that the words didn^ apply. : . . " . ' It was a Saturday nigjit, but Young Tito was sober »though edited, and; when he asked ., me .for " a moment's ehat, 't }1faTited Km to my room.. We passed tip in silence, I wopdering a.great deal, bin determined to ask no questions, I pointed to a chair, and lpok^ dafcionsly at my shelves., flospitaii^flivstgestei an offer of w^skj and ia £11 of 'baccy, but I restrained nyr instincts ^nd faced tim in silence. " Imu tliin3kin% dochtor," te said, at last, " that as you were friepds mththe holy father"-——and he stoppedagaia. What holy father ? " J-aS^e^i. " I know'none." ' . " There's but one for me," said Tim, andthenetopj^J^in- " " If yon main -jw©f Father Jfnnro,'' I answered;"|«ni h v ." He laid, a ppnaiace on nae," Young said tiofyzian\ will till !He giv' ix^e absolution too, an' I giy' bima promise." ^ Keep Jt theii!" I said sourly, .but' Timwent oni "There's no justice in it. The holy father wap always -just." . " Shame," I said. "Would you break your promise to a dead man ? "' " Sure an' I willif'need be, said Tijn fervently. " You were there, and what IWnust' know, had he his'sirijses ? " ' " As' much lis yon.' or I," I said angrily, " if not more." You can't get otat of it that way." Tim rose frond his chair and faced me, frowning. < ( Ye don't' know," be cried; " I've all to lose if I break me promise. But if I made it '.to a senseless ''saint who couldn't judge me or' my sin, I'll break me promise, add be judged by a harder man.*'' ; I sat and puzzled it out, while the voiced 6f the children came up frdhi the reeking court, and Tim leant against the mantelpiece, breathing' hard, bnt watching me steadily. " He was a better and a wiser man than either of us," I: said at last. "The efecret lies between you and him, and you must'keep it*" and Tim, sober and hardworking, holds to his promise still. As for me, I remember tjhat the only time I saw such wounds as Father Munro had was, when in an election riot, a constable felled a rioter,who afterwards came nnder my bands. His staff made two parallel wounds like knife cuts, and the other wound was caused by the fall. Ii was night, and t^e stair a dark one, where the Little General came by his death-blow. If YoungfTim, who had often threatened, was waiting there for Ould Tim when Father Munro toiled up, the rest is easily understood. But I have asked no questions and do not intend to. If Young Tim hits ever to give an account of that night's doings, I fancy somehow, that the Little General will be there to plead for him.—Bic- CARDO STEPHENS, in " Chambers' Journal.* 