THE STORY-TELLER. THAT FRENCHMAN. [By Wanderer.] * Hullo! What oh earth have you bien doing?" I said, as Mr. Sharpe entered my study one evening, with his left arm in a sling, and his coat sleeve hanging empty, "Haye you been disputing the right of way with a scorching cyclist, or did you get in the road of an infuriated tramcar? You look as pale as if you had Been a ghost." "No," answered Mr. Sharpe; "I have not been mixed up with either a bike or a tram, but I did come into oollision with about the toughest specimen of the eenuB criminal whom it has been my good or ill fortune to run against during my whole professional career, and as a mark of his extreme regard he gave me two beautiful' slashes with a long knife which he carried, and the loss of blood has made me feel a trifle shaky. The blade went right through my arm instead of my heart, for which it was intended, wound ing the radial artery. Fortunately my slight knowledge of surgery enabled mo to stop the bleeding somewhat by means of a compress made out of my handkerchief and a cork, or by this time I should have been measured for my ooffin. As it is, the dootor has invalided me for a week, and ordered mo to slay in bed —an order which I shall carefully disobey. A week in bed would kill me; besides, lam much more comfortable here." And Mr. Sharpe sat down by the fire, and passed his pipe over to be filled. "I have only one hand, so I must ask you to load my meerschaum for me," said ho, " after which, if you like, I will tell you how I managed to come by this," touching his ban daged arm. " I. have been dying to ask you ever since you came in," I replied, " but I thought that, for professional reasons, you might not be at liberty to tell me. You must have had quite an exciting time with such a bloodthirsty ruffian. Shall I mix you a little whisky and water before you begin? A slight stimulant won't hurt you in your present state." "Thanks, I will have just a Epoonful," answered Mr. Sharpe. "Ah, that a better. Now, a match if you please. Thank you; t'nat will do splendidly. Yes; you aro right. I had an exciting five minutes, not with one man, but two; and but for the precaution I took of bringing two good assistants with mo there would have been an end of yours truly. The matter came about thus:— Four or five days ago it was reported front S. & Co.'a office that their warehouse had been broken into during the previous night, and goods stolen to the value of several hundred pounds. I was told off for tho case, and at once proceeded to tho scene of the burglary. The warehouse is, as you know, a very large building fronting C—-street, but perhaps you aro not aware that a right- of-way runs along at the rear of the premises. It was >from this right-of-way; or rather through a window looking out on it, that the thieves ! gained an entrance. The window, like all the others on that side, was strongly barred, and a night watchman passes the spot twice every , hour, yet such was the dexterity of tho burglars, and so perfect their tools, that they ] managed to remove three of the bars, thus ' making au aperture sufficiently _large to admit j a man's body, and open the window without! alarming the 'watchman. The night was a favourable one for their purpose, being pitch dark with a steady drizzle of rain falling all j the time, bo that it is not to be wondered at that the watchman did not notice the fact that the window bars had been removed. Is he trustworthy, do you say ? Oh, yes, perfectly. I I have known him for many years, but peoplo in his position are liable to get a little careless when a long time has elapsed without any de predations being committed on their rounds. Once inside the warehouse the thieves could work at leisure, and very carefully did they , sort out the most valuable and least bulky of ] the thousands of pounds worth of stock from which they "had tochoose. Oneof thorn must have | been acquainted with the run of the place; for the gang went straight to the department where were stored the most expensive silks, laces, &c.;, and did not meddle with any of the cheaper lines. They must have observed-, too, at what hours the watchman passed through the right-of-way, for he swears that he saw no vehicle of any description there that night; and yet,-from the tracks in the lane, it was : plain that a cart of some kind drew up oppo site the window through whioh the burglars entered, and through which tho stolen goods must have been passed to a confederate out side. After a thorough examination of the premises and the tracks in the lane, I came to the conclusion that three men had been at work—two who entered the warehouse, and one who had driven the oart. The horse must have been restive, for be had pawed quite a holo in the roadway, and the printa of his shoes were quite distinot. On observing the j latter narrowly, I noticed a slight peuuliarity in the imprint made by the near hind shoe. From the shape of the shoe mark I could tell at once that the horse which made it had been specially shod to prevent him from " brush ing," that is, knocking his hind feet together when trotting, and either by accident or de sign a corner of the heel had been cut off, thus leavingapeculiar gap in the imprint. That was my first clue, and a valuable ono it proved^ Finding that the night watchman could give me no useful information, I went to tho barracks and roused the policeman who had beon on the beat during tho night. He was asleep, and growled not a little at being disturbed, but when I explained my errand he sat up at once, and remained for a few moments in deep tiuflght. At last he Said— " Well, you know, Mr. Sharps, there are thousands of carts and, cabs passing along my beat till all hours, so that it would be impos sible for me to remember any onp in particular unless'my-attention were drawn to it in some way. I can't think of any suoli last night, but stop—yes, there was one. The reason I noticed it was that the horse was a fast trotter, and was going at a great rate. It was getting near 3 o'clock, and- the streets were quiet, when I heard the trap ooming up C street, and I had a good miud to stop I it and summon the driver for furious driving. I There was no one in the street to get hurt, 1 however, so I let him go, and just as he passed j I saw that there were three men in the cart, which looked like one of those spring-oarts used by fish hawkers and others. The men I were talking loudly in some foreign language, | and I put them down as Italian fishmongers in ; a hurry to get down to the market." | I could get no more out of the constable, so i I left him to continue his interrupted slumbers, \- and proceeded to the office for tho purpose of 1 giving a description of the stolen goods, for I circulation among dealers, pawnbrokers, fee. j As I went along I was turning over in my mind what the constable bad told me about i the three foreigners and their fast-trotting ; horse, and the idea begun to grow upon me I that they were the very men who had burgled ' S-— and Co.'s warehouse. Of course you ■ will say I had no reasonable reason for coming to that conclusion, and no doubt you are right, but the thing had got into my head 1 and there it stuok. However, I had little time ; during the next two 'days for theories. Call ■ ing in the assistance of some of tho other men, I searched the dwellings and rooms of every crook whom I know to bo in the city, but got : nothing but abuse and protestations of injured I innocence for my pains. On the second night, ' just as I was going home knocked up and out i of temper, a note was brought to the office for mo by a boy, who handed it to the clerk_ and vanished instautly. I knew tho writing directly I saw it as that of Slippery Jim, a mo3t notorious scoundrel, who is liand-and glovo with most of the thieves in tho city, and informs on them all impartially when he has anything to gain by so doing. He has several i times before given me reliable tips about his 1 fellow-criminals. Indeed, he would not dare to supply misleading information and in the j present instance his note, although laconic and j couched in enigmatical language, was sufficient to show me that the instinct which connected in my mind the throe foreigners in the spring cart with S & Co.'s burglary was not at fault. Jim's note was as follows:— "What price Now Caledonian escapees?" That was all. There was no siguature, but I knew the scrawling hand of my correspondent, j | For some time I sat reflecting what this move on Jim's part might mean. It was just pos | Bible that he had been implicated in the bur I glary himself, and wished to throw tho police [ off tho scent; but I abandoned that hypothesis, as I had not only searched his place carefully j without finding anything, but he had sworn | : he could prove where he had been all that j night. I need not tell you that I did not take 1 Kis word for that, but on making enquiries I j found that he had told the truth for once in his life. I was therefore inclined to believe j that a gang of foreigners—or, as Jim put it, ! French escapees from tho penal settlement at , Noumea—wore working in tho city, a fact . which would naturally rouse the patriotic in stincts of Jim and his friendB, who wanted all the spoils which could be got for themselves. You may not be aware of tho fact that we ! have many of these escapees in our midst, but such is tlfe case. Some there are who are woll , known to us; but as they have lived here for years and led most exemplary lives we have let them alone, not wishing to send them I book to tho hell upon earth whence they came. Others there are whoso con I duct here has not been so good, and these we find it necessary to deport at intervals to New Caledonia. It must be comparatively easy to escape from there, however, for new escapees are continually coming, some of whom havo made the passage before, not once, ; but even twice or thrice. lake most people of other nationalities they live apart from the English-speaking section of the community, so that it is not difficult to find them if they ! are wanted. Now, there is one of the decenter class of escapees whom I have known for .some years, a hardworking man, who has married here and is bringing up his family irreproach- , ably, who has often given me valuable infor mation as to the movements of such of his countrymen as were wanted by the police, and to him.I determined to go first thing in .the morning. Accordingly after an early break fast I took a cab and drove out to the suburb in which he lives. - Being-fearful that any of his compatriots might take fright if I wore seen going to his house, I pulled uji at a hotel Borne distance -from it, whence I sent him a note by the landlord's son, telling him to come and see me. In a few minutes ho appeared, and, when we were closeted in a private room, I asked him if he knew any late arrivals among his countrymen who would bo likely to go in for burglary on a large scale. "Ah, man Dieul" he replied, "there Is one. Ah! the villain 1 le scelerat1 the worst man in all Noumea. He tried to murder me before I left the island, and has tried many times to kill any warder who^may punish him. He has been flogged—poufl—a hundred times, and now he has escaped and come here only one week ago. Many times since he came I thought I would send word to you, my friend; but I thought again I will wait—perhaps Achilla may give up his wicked ways and work hard, and then it would be a pity to send him book yonderand the poor follow shuddered at the thought. I questioned him further, and ascertained that Achilla—whose surname was Lemaftre—was living with another Frenohman, who ostensibly got a I living by hawking fish, but was shrewdly suapeotbd of adding to his gains by appro priating anything he could lay his hands on. I could not conceal my eagerness as I asked if this man possessed a springcart and a fast horse, and when 011 receiving an answer in the affirmative. 1 jumped up and n'early embraced the little Frenchman; ho looked at me as if he thought I had taken leave of my senses. "Monsieur is very strong," he said, nursing his hand, which 1 had wrung with uninten tional fervour. " I would like to see Monsieur squeeze the life out of that sac re cochon Aohille. But be very careful, for Achillo is handy with his knife, and it is always sharp, j See," pulling open bis shirt and showing a long red scar on his ribs, "there is his mark. The knife slid along the bono, or"—and he jerked his thumb towards the ceiling. I asked my friend if lie could help me to get a look at the suspeoted man's horse, without any one being the wiser, and he paid nothing was easier. He himself would go and borrow the 1 horse and cart, and I could examine both at my leisure. I promised to reward him libe- j rally for his trouble, and away he went, to return in loss than an hour with the J turnout. I had taken exact measurements of the hoofniarks in the lane _ behind . S & Co.'s, and you can imagine my glee and satisfaction when I found' thatj they corresponded exactly with those made by . the Frenchman's horse, even to the little i corner which was cut off the near shoo. Had 1 there been only one man to deal with I would | have gone at once and searched the fish-1 monger's house for the stolen property, but as there were two at least, with the probability ! of a third, I deemed it wisor to procure assistance, and well for mo it was that I, did s6. ' ' . I Tolling my friend to keep his tongue quiet, and not to return the horse and cart for two i or three hours, I sprang into my cab and madje for the office as fast as the horse could ' travel. On arriving there I sought the chief1 and unfolded my tale, upon which he told . me to take as many men as I wanted, get a ' search-warrant, and proceed as quickly as pos sible to the scerie of action, as tho goods might be shifted at any time. Bearing iu mind tho desperate character of one at least of the men with whom I had to deal, I chose the two most, I powerful men in the office; then, having j secured my search-warrant, drove straight to tho fish hawker's house, _ which was situated | not far from that occupied by tho man who 1 had given me the information. We were all well armed, but hoped that our numbers and size—for all throe were big men—would bring the Frenchmen to tcrniB without the use of weapons. But we did not know Lemaitre. We halted our. cab some distance from tho house and proceeded on foot. On reaching the place I sent one of the men round to guard tho oaok door while I and the other knocked at tho front. No reply was vouchsafed to our first summons, but I could hear distinctly some persous whispering inside the house. _ I knocked again more loudly than before, and in a minute or two I heard a step coming along tho passage. The door was tiicn unlocked and opened by a man whom I rightly judged to be the owner of tho horse and cart. He must have known us, for he immediately^ tried to bang the door to again, but I had slipped my foot in as soon as it was opened, so that ho could not shut it. "Vat you mean? Vat you vant here?" he : cried, scowling at me. ! " I have a warrant here to search your house," I replied, "and I am coming in to execute it." " Mille tonncrresf You no come in my house," he yelled. " Achillie! Ccs sont des sacrdes mouchardt, d rnoi; vite /" and I could hear the rapid steps of another man coming. It was no time t$> mince matters, so my mate and I threw ourselves against the door, which wo burst open, and the next moment we wore engaged in a terrific hand-to-hand conjbat in tlie passage. As the door opened the man who was holding it was jarabed against the wall, and, leaving him for my mate, I sprang forward to encounter tho redoubtable Achille. I soarcely had time to see that he was a man of medium height but of enormously powerful build before we were looked together in a deadly struggle. I am not a weak man, but I soon found that my antagonist was far my superior in mere strength. His armB closed round me like a vice, and prevented me from getting at my revolver, and for a moment I thought he would crush my ribs in. I found he knew nothing of wrestling, however, so making a mighty effort I put the inside crook op him and threw him heavily, falling on him with all | my weight. As he touched the floor he sud denly let me go, and, drawing a long dagger ' knife from its sheath at his hip, made two I lunges right at my heart, but I managed to ' catch them in my arm instead, at the same time drawing my revolver. I had not time to use it though, for just then our third man ap Ccared on" the scene, having burst open the ack door, and sent Achille to Bleep with a tap on the head from the butt of his revolver, just as his knifo was about to descend for the third time. Perhaps it might have found a vital spot that time. As , it was it was touch and go, for I bled like a ! stuck pig. All this takes a long time to tell, but it only lasted a few seconds. In fact when ! Moore came and relieved me of Achilla's pressing attentions my other assistant had only • just succeeded iu handcuffing his man. Having seoured the two desperadoes so that they could give no more trouble, we searched the house and found all the goods stolen from ' S & Co.'s, together with many articles the proceeds of other robberies.' We have not yet arrested the third man, but there is every hope that he will bo found within the next day or two. As for Achille, he will not grace this gaol with his presence very long, as the authorities in Noumea are anxious for his return thither to explain a little matter of cutting a warder's throat before he took his departure for this country, and no doubt he will have the opportunity of illustrating in his own ' proper person—with the aid of the guillotine - the manner in which the deed was done. And now, seeing that it is 12 o'clock, I think I must obey the doctor's instructions and go to bed. Good night. Well, yes; just a nightcap, to" keep me from dreaming of Achille and his knife. And Mr. Sharpe, having imbibed, departed whistling the "Marseillaise." 