Coroner's Inquest. A CORONER'S Inquest was held yesterday by Dr. Bernstein and a jury of seven residents, to inquire into the death of Mary Ann Sexton, wife of Mr. Patrick Sexton, of Boggy Creek, near Rous, who was found dead on Thursday morning, hanging by bridle reins on her verandah. Evidence was given by Constable Brennan, who took the body down Deceased was dressed in her night gown Deceased was touching the ground with her feet. The reins were fastened to a hook on the verandah. John Sexton, 10 years of age, son of deceased, deposed he went to bed at 8 p.m. on Wednesday, his mother retiring at the same time. Witness went to sleep, and did not hear his mother get up. She did not complain of anything. Next morning at 7 o'clock saw his mother hanging in the verandah. Before she went to bed his mother was sewing. On Tuesday he had got some medicine at Fraser's in Lismore for his mother. She used to take some of it after every meal. She helped to milk the cows on Wednesday evening. William Hogan deposed he had been employed by Mr. P. Sexton for three weeks. Deceased had often complained of being ill. Saw her on Wednes- day at teatime. Went to bed at 7. p.m., and next morning saw deceased hanging on the verandah. No one was there. Sent word to neighbours. Heard no noise during the night. The bridle was in my room on the floor on Weduesday. My bed- room door was open when I got up. I shut it when I went to bed. Heard no one open it in the night. Albert Boyce deposed that a daughter of deceased came to him crying and said that she thought her mamma was dead. On going over at 7.30 am. found her hanging. Believe she had been dead several hours. Saw a chair near deceased. Patrick Sexton, road maintenance man, husband of deceased, deposed he last saw his wife alive on Monday evening, about 4 o'clock. She was then in her usual health. About 8 a.m. on Thursday, James Cooper came and told me, my wife was dead. Was working six miles away on the Gundurimba road. Went home at once. Deceased appeared to have been then dead 3 or 4 hours. Have been married about 12 years. Deceased never seemed to have any intention to commit suicide. At the birth of her first child, and subsequently, she ap- peared to be melancholy and timid. That lasted for about three months. Her last child was born about 5 years ago. Never knew deceased's mind to be unhinged, and never heard her complain of being tired of life. She was between 36 and 37 years of age. Dr. A. P. Parker deposed to making a post mortem examination on the body of deceased. There were no marks of external violence except round the neck. There was one broad mark as if caused by a rope or the bridle produced. The spine was dis- located between the first and second vertebrae. Dislocation of the neck would cause almost instan- taneous death. The jury, returned a verdict that deceased on the 22nd instant, died from dislocation of the neck, having committed suicide by hanging whilst labour- ing under temporary insanity. [The funeral cortege yesterday to the Roman Catholic cemetery here was a very large one. De- ceased, we believe, leaves six children] PATENT FOB DESPATCH OF TELEQUAMS. Mr. M. Madigan, nf Sydney, hos patented an in- genious contrivance to facilitate the , delivery of. telegrams. ¡ Tho prinuipal feature of the invention is that no farther address 'is required ' than the one which the {telegraph operator first, reociVMS aud places at the head of tho message, thereby ensuring accuracy und saving the time that is at present taken up by the writing of a seound address. Mr. Madigan claims for his invention that it is much moro expeditious than tho present system, that it economises ¡labour, and «usures the privacy of the message_S M. Herald. ; DEATH OF BLONDÍN.-Blondin; the faniouB tight-rope wulkor, died. in London on the 22ud ultimo. Emile Gruvelet waa born iii F rani b, miine, wheie about the year. 1830, and gained fame as a' tight-rope walker On Juna 30, I8Ó7. he aooomp lished the remarkable exploit of orosaing the Nia- gara Falls on a tight-rope, and afterwards crossed with a mau on his bank.' The rope on whiuh he urossed - a 'short distauoe below tho Falls, ut a height of 160 feet from the water-was 1300 feet long and 3} inches in diameter. Blamlin had per foi in cd in all parts of the world, and had ono or two uárrow escu|ies, tho most memorable perhaps, ut the old Polytechnic iu London. " ? THE PAWS 1900 EXPOSITION.-Among tho various schemes projected for the 1000 Exhibition ia one that;'is not outy sure to bu reulized, but equally so'of being appreciated hy native* and foreigners alike, 'It boars » patriotic and thoroughly artistic oluiranto" and does great cro.lit to ita pro- jector, M. N'ublat, who has given it the n tine of .' Eden National ile la Kranco Pitto- e-que"-a name which at once explains its conception and scope, which is neither m .re uor less than tho representa- tion on canvass nf the beauties and marvels with which Nut ure has eudnwed Frauoe-in short a National Panorama. A committee has already been formed with that end in vinw, and activo steps have been taken to enlist the irrest painters of France, in the realizatiönTif tlfe"*pröj«ctr With" the""p*interV art that of inusiu.aiii) literature is to be associated in this greai undertaking, and eminent comp MuVa have" already promised rh'ir b i-opinition, -"while . "Mr Charles Fuster will consecrate his li rein ry talent to the production of un illustrated descriptive souvenir, which the visitors'oj this suporb National Panorama «¡11 be diUipUiod.to\ak(3 away with thain1. . WATOUKH, otot'ks.^iwiil j.'.wi-lli'i'v ropiiiv'*.., H (ghost workmanship at*Tño*deráf5' prices-Wicks ana Co, J .-. - - : " j 