< POINTS. CmoxET.— W e are requested by Mr. Beattie, secretary Brisbane Cricket Gronnd, to state that arrangements have been conoluded for tlio English erioket team to visit Brisbane and play tho combined teams of Now South Wales and Queensland on November 2G, 27, and 20. The dean und chuptor of St. Andrew's Cathedral iu Sydney have notified mombers of tho Fcdoral Convention that thoy aro expooted to attend thero on Sundays. Seats and books provided; collection taken up. They will need somo prayers, will those dolegatos. New South Wales has nover forgiven Queensland for obtaining - separation, and in dependence ; and probably novor will forgivo her. Hence tho apparent warm-hearted zeal of so muny. crank and voraoious New South Welshmen that Queensland should he " fedo- ratod " — that is, swallowed up. Frank Ibedale, tho Australian criokoter, will writo a series of special artiales on the coming English cricketers. First article ap pears to-morrow, Saturday. The claims of tho Greok bondholders for priority seem in danger of being set asido to permit a proper sruurantco being given for tho proposed war indemnity loan. Is there any comparison botween Greece and a sinking shin ? IVlien a ship goto into troulilo at sea, and her skipper gives bottomry aud respondentia bonds, the last in date must be paid first, und iu the same wuy tho Inst loan to tho Greeks being absolutely ncceasury for tho salvation of ull the others, ought to he paid first. But will tlio bond holders see it ? The old Ishraaolitehas pardoned 24 politi cal prisoners on tho anniversary of his acces sion. Before this is taken as gospel ' it should bO said what elso ha has done with thorn. No ono will beliove that thoy aro allowed to return to thoir homes, if they havo any loft. Spain is vory anxious to got rid of anarchists, and is willing to give an island in tho Philip pines or Carolines to whioh to deport them. Russia has a good way of disposing of her own products of that kind ; and likes to keep control over them. IVno" is to govern the international penal settlement? Spain cannot do aa much in that way as an ordinary town counoil, and Italy's bauds aro also quite full. On tho other hand, although tho Russiaus might he quite willing, tbey are not wanted in tho neighbourhood. Tnu Doctor wondors if tho Czar will en counter the ghost of Kosciusko whon ho is in Warsaw. If tho young man knows tho facts of history, tho sceno in "Macbeth," when -Banquo's ghost gives old Muc. fits, would be nothing to the mooting botwecu tho other two. Hebe we arc again. Tho Sultan has beon Bonding presents to the Ameer of Afghanistan. What for ? It is a case of " brothor chips." Arcades aniio ! , Is it likely that thero is any connection botween tho outbreaks of fanaticism on the north-west frontier and the Malabar coast, on the other side of Hindostun ? The outbreak 40 years ago was a mutiny of native troops, who may now be trusted. But the mollahs' seem to bo a pestilential set of fanatical scnundrols, with influence over ignorant and unsettled tribos, wbo ought to be caught and summarily dealt with. The first meeting of the Federal Convention in Sydney only lasted 20 minutes. Queensland's position was disaussed. Mr. Barton said all indications pointod to the absence of the colony from oven an adjourned meeting. Correct. \- He is inclined to think that if the colony will not join, federation can he just as .well consummated without it. A subscribes to the library of the Maokay School of Arts hns been summoned for defac ing a book by yvriting marginal notes oh the pagos. "A oBEATmany pcoplo liavo a wenknoss for making minutations in keeping witb tlis sentiments of the authors. If a lieavy fino is inflicted in the present case perhaps it will cause them to reflect in future. The flower gardons in and around Bris bano aro rich in roses just now. , A beautiful and large specimen of the Paul Noyron .varioty, . 6 inches in diameter, grown by Mr. W. B. Smith, Woolloongubba, was sont to tlio Doctor, to-day. ....... \- A fine -of 5s. was inflicted at the City Police Court 'this morning for allowing a cow to stray in Brnnswiok street. ' Five shillings may' bo enough for a sub urban cow, but if auimals allowed to stray about in a much frcquonted street such as Brunswick street call for no heavier fine, tho ownoi' is lot off cheaply indeed. The Telegraph to-morrow will he a 12- pngo paper. Agents will please order extra copies curly. Circulation Goino Up. Advertisers will please note, that the circulation of tho Tele' graph is beyond doubt the record toe any paper issued in Queensland. The Telegraph leads, other papers follow. IVe oliallenge comparison withauy daily paper iu Queensland. Everybody knows that advertisers get best value by inserting their advertisements in tke paper with the largest oiroulation. "Beyond comparison." The Telegraph has more than double the oiroulation of any other daily puper in Brisbane, therefore advertisers get more than double the value by advertising in it in preference to other daily papers. Try the clioap prepaid advertising columns. See speoial advertisement. 16 words, one insertion, for SIXPENCE. 16 words, three insertions. ONE SHILLING 