TupnsnAY. ill' turn 5S. ?:'Tho Prxmdest (Hon. 0. 0. ' Kingston), .;- South Australia, took the Cbair »t 10.30 a.m. Z0f-f4$ ''notices 6v motion. . ? The) folknrintr nntinw of motion warn given:— . . ,^By -&. J. T. Walker— ?'*? For a return showinp-fc) The total public in debtedness of each of the Australasian Colonic*. \- Riving in tabulated form tho due date and amount of each loan, with rate of interest it carries, also mentfoniac in each cue the date of latest return to which the statistics apply. (6) The State debt per bead in each of tho Australasian Colonies, (e) The annual interest ebargo per bead on said State debts, showing each colony separately. ByDr. Quick— For a prfcu of all available official reports show. fag-1. The nature of tha country lying approxi sutelybetwera tho OoUnadatta ltailway Station, in. South Australia, and the Pine Creek Railway Station, in the Northern Territory, it* suitability for sattiement or otherwise, the length of tbo line that would hare to be constructed to connect these two railway systems, and the probable cost per mile. i The nature of the country lying lielween Like Torrent and the nearest railway in Western Australia, its suitability for settlement or other, wise, the length oi line that would hare to be con. itmeted to connect the South Australian railway system with that of Vfcjt-ru Australia, and the probable cost per mil*. 5. T'.ie nature of the country ljrins between tho Northern Territory rail way and the ueamt mil way system of Queensland, its suitability for settlement or otherwise the length of line that would hare to be constructed to connect the two systeau, and the probable cost per mile. THE CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES. Sir GEORGE TURNER, Victoria, moved— TliaVtheHpn. Sir Richard Chaffey Baker be appointed Chairman of Committees of the Whole of They all hoped to be in Committee on Monday next. The Hon. Sir E. N. 0. BRADD0N, Tas mania, seconded. Sir RICHARD BAKER, South Australia, submitted himself to the Convention, but if the proceedingsof the Convention wore unduly prolonged it might be necessary for him to ask to be relieved of tho position, seeing that at the end of May he would have' to contest an election. Carried. Cheers. A MESSAGE PROM THE QUEEN. Tho. PRESIDENT— I have the honour to announce that I have received from the Right Hon. Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary- of State for the Colonies, through His Excellency the .Governor, a message from Her Majesty the -Queen. Here the memban of the Convention and tho occupants of the galleries rose. The PRESIDENT, continuing— It is as follows:— 'I have received Her Majesty's command* to desire you to acquaint ' the Federal Convention that she takes special interest in their proceedings, and hopes that under divino guidance their labours will result in practical benefit to Australia. I desire to add my own cordial wishes for suc cessful result, which will conduce to dignity and strength of empire.— J. Chambeblaix.' The PRESIDENT— I think this is a fitting time to call for three cheers for the Queen. The call was enthusiastically responded to. ADJOURNED DEBATE -MR, BAR7 TON'S RESOLUTIONS. The Son. J. H. CARRUTHERS. New South Wales, in resuming the debate on Mr. Barton's resolutions, said they had every reason to congratulate themselves that the mantle, of the great leader of federation. Sir Henry Parkw, had fallen upon so worthy a disciple as Mr. Barton. (Hear, hear.) The decision of the people on the Constitution to be framed would largely depend on the effect which the Constitution would be likely to have on the flesh and blood of Australasia, on humanitarian consideration rather than its effect on inanimate objects. (Hear, hear.) In the Convention were students of various forms of federation, but thoy should avoid any slavish imitation ot precedent. Tho/ might set up ideals, but before their labours wore 'concluded they might have to accept something that was not ideal, nor theoretically perfect. It was a happy thought on the part of Mr. Barton to insert the words — 'that in order to enlargo the powers of self-government of the people of Australia.' He would sanest tbo addition of the words— 'and to extend the influence of the people of Australasia.' (Hear, hear.) We should aspire to an increase of our influence especially irt relation to Australasian waters. It would be an azreeablo Christmas-box for the Premiers to bring basic from England some authority to show that tho British Government had taken steps to get back the whole of New Guinea to the British Empire, and so let them have an opportunity of adding to the Australian federation an island which they never contemplated as part of ii before, but tho addition of which would tend to increase their strength and remove » source of weakness in the future. (Cheers.) The financial provisions of the Bill must be ex plicit and not such as would hereafter restrain the will of tho people of the country. They should not tako away from the people of Aus tralia the right to mould their svatom of taxation. Then should not be a repetition of the experience of the United States of America, where a gigantic srstem of protection was in force, and the majority of tha people could notimpoae an incorao tax. There were only ono or two financial experts in the Convention, for the nniDiiUl ptrwrU of Australia had been practi cally esdudttl, because they wero Govern ment servants or in the service of institutions which could not sparo them for this occasion. The Convention wanted more data from the experts outsido the Convention before they could devise a system of finance that would stand the test of time. (Hear, hear.) He advocated the .appointment of a Select Committee of the Convention to obtain evi dence as to the principal financial difficulties to be faced. (M*. Barton— 'That is provided for in the resolutions I propose to move after these an dealt with.') Any system of finance, should be popular. No country on the face of' the earth was so over-govornea as Australia was. (Hear, hear.) For four millions of people there wero seven Governors, saven Agents-General, fourteen Housta of Parliament, seven PostmastersGens r*L and seven Supreme Courts; while in the United Kingdom the whole work for forty millions was done with one Parliament and one bead. (Hear, hear.) The machines of Governments should bo greatly lessened. The public expenditure or taxation should not be increased. Six Agents-General could be abolished, and one Government-General could be appointed. He did not view with favour tbt appointment of seven highly paid lieutenant -Governors; our Chief Justices admirably performed the functions which appertained to those positions. There could bo no federation acceptable to the people of New South Wales which did not sweep away overy Customs house on the borders of the colonies. (Hear, hear.) He was gratified to hear the expressed views on that matter of the South Australian and Victorian delegates, but it reminded him of the lines It was all very welt to dissemble yonr lore ; Bat why did you kick us downstairs? (Laughter.) But they did not want the venue of conflict changed from the Customs-honscs to the railways. (Hear, bear.) They knew the warfare going on between Victoria and New South Wales in that matter. Tho diffe rential rates had been devised as a sort of ladder to get over the wall of protection which Victoria had set up, and 2s ow South Wales was striving to keep to herself tbo trade of the Rtverina which geographi cally belonged to Victoria. Tho best plan would bo to place tho railways absolutely under fedoral control. (Hear, hear.) Any half-hearted system would cause friction between the State and the Federal Govern ments. There was a great difference between private and State owned railways, which cut the ground from under Mr. O'Connor's argu ment. If private Companies cut each other's throats the producers and other users gained ; but any loss iu the working of Stato railways fell on tho taxpajore. (Rear, hear.) Any policy which allowed New South Wales to rob Victoria of the earnings of its railways tended to impose additional taxes upon the peoplo of Victoria, and vice tern. His view bad Iwen well put by a journalist:— 'If you federate without federating your railways it is like a man who marries a girl and leaves her at the Church door.' Tim peoplo of Now South '?Vales would be tho but to agree to the aboli tion of differential rates without federation of the railways. If thoso rates were abolished, and tho railways not federated, the people of New South Wales would have no compensation for the low at any trade which might flow away from them, but if tho railways wero federal railways fill the people shared equally any profit from increased traffic on one line, or loss from distressed traffic on another. (Hear, hear.) He advocated the appointment ot anothor Select Com mittee for railways, like tho one he had proaosed for the finances: There was no possibility of accomplishing federation unlesa we conceded to the smaller States equal representation in tho Senate and the Powers tbey now enjoyed, but tlio powers of the Senate must be restricted. Those who paid the taxes and found th* money had tbo right to mould the finances of the country. 1 1 would bo intolerable if tha two and a halt million people in New South Wales and Victoria bad to find the bulk of the revenue necessary to support tho federation and then to see the finances governed by a minority represented by a majority oi representative* in the Senate. (Hon. J. H. Howe— 'Then* is another side to that.') If we grafted a system of reiponsibln government on our Federal Parliament, then we must allow the power of the purse to remain in the popular Chambor. The possibility of deadlocks would be averted in nine cases out of ten by the exerciso ne that common-*ensc, goodwill, and good fai?:i 'f tho peoplo which was so signal a quality i:i i5:o eliaracter ot tbo Australians. If there 'wore any trouble be preferred to adopt the suggestion of the Premier of rtctoria and appeal to tho people themselves. 1 ±o objected to the establishment bera of a iigh Court of Appeal, which by the option of the litigants or otherwise was to tako the place of the Privy Council. Oatho ground of eco nomy to litigants it would bo expansive to have an additioual Court of Appeal. There would first of all be the difficulty to get tho consent ot tho Imperial Government— a con sent rarely given, ami not yet obtained in the paso ol Canada ; but if we succseded in getting it would we set up an inferior tribunal in the )lace of a superior one— a tribunal selected from tho Australian Bonch and Bar in place of ono selected from tho v.isdom and jurispru dence of the world or of tho British Empire? »- ouid we establish another Court, tho main tenance of which would be a charge upon tho people, in tho plan of c. Court which was not a charge on tho peopio of tho country? Tho expense of appeal to an Australian Court of Filial Appeal would bo just as much as that of appealing to t'uu Privy Council; a Bar at tome could bo procured for just as moderate fees as here ; and thoro would bo no saving of time. Our Supreme Courts could and did delay as much as any Supreme Courts iu the world. (Laughter.) In their own colony thoy wero two yean behindhand with cases sometime.*. As to the sito of the federal capital. it_ should ba remombered that New South Wales possessed seniority, and wa« the mother colouy. and had the largest population. They in Now South Wales bad, therefore, felt a little different from some of their neighbours on this question. (Laughter.) The linporial Government had selected that colony as the key for the first line of defence, and thoy l'.nd in I\ew South Wales the head of tho Church of England, not selected by New South Wales, but by the people of Australia. (Hon. A. J. Poscock— ' We have the bead of tha Salvation Army in Melbourne.' Loud laughter.) It would be, parhaps, false modesty on the part of the representatives of New Sousii Wales not to remind the Convention ot their claims, which had been created by time, history, and, if they might say so. by tradi tion. Whilst every provision wa* made in the resolutions for the union of the States, thero was no provision whatever for possible disso lution or secession. That ought to be under stood at the outset. (Hon. I. A. Isaacs, Victoria — 'There can be no possible dissolu tion or secession.) If there wero to be no power to secede, then it behoved them to frame a Constitution sufficiently elastic that _ it could bo amended to meet the growipg national aspirations of the people and their desiro to govern thomselves in their own way. (Cheers.) Mr. HIGGDTS, Victoria, was sorry that they had to deal with resolutions so weak, vague, and inconclusive, though he did not au to recognise the grand services which Mr. Barton bad rendered to the federal cause. The resolutions wore similar to those of 1891. We had advanced a good deal since 18UI, and were we to be told that resolutions sufficient for 1801 were sufficient now? He bad hoped that the resolutions would have ? been directed more to specific matters of difficulty, on which the debate could have been short, sharp, and crisp. They wanted to know the views of those who were at tho Convention of 189L The first subdivision of the resolution contained an sxpression which was either unmeaning or unnecessary. What was meant by saying that the territoms wero to remain intact axceps in respect of suoh surrenders as may bs agreed upon to secure uniformity of law ind administration in matters of common concern? (Mr. Wise, New South Wales— ' The capital must come out of some jolony.') That did not express it Sir Shanes Dilke referred to the point in his sriticianw of tho 1891 scheme. There were large States in Australia, and portions of indi vidual States were held but loosely. It was to xuuuder whether there should be any altera tion of boundaries without the consent of the Foderation as welL WThat would Now South Wales say for instance if the colony of Queens land were to be divided into threa States, each lending eight representatives to the Senate, the same number as New South Wales? Ho lid not like the expression in the second portion of the resolution that the States Assembly was ' to be chosen in such a manner u' will best secure to that Chamber a per petual existence, combined with definite re sponsibility to the people of the Stato which shall have chosen them.' To give the States Assembly a perpetual existenco would be to givo it the potentiality of ruling the whole Commonwealth. They did not Know ret howtbeStates Assembly was to be elected, ar what would ba its franchise, so he did not ice why they should commit themselves to the declaration that if should have a perpetual existence. He would move to amend that por tion to reud— 'And ^be chosen in such manner us will best secure to that Chamber direct responsibility to the people.' He differed from Sir Richard Baker in his views of responsible government as applied to federation, although lie admired tha direst, straightforward way in which be dealt with the question. The state ment of Sir Richard Bakor that 'you cannot Ixave responsible government with responsi bility to two Houses*' was as true a one as Mold be made on that subject. The corollary sir Richard Baker drew was 'Don't have responsible government' The corollary he proposed to draw was ' Don't have responri lility to two Houses.' He did not make a fetish of responsible government In time there might bo improvements, but is had worked reasonably wall and the people were familiar with it, and he hoped the Convention would be chary of allowing any departure from it at that stage. Responsible government allowed the Government to act with more promptitude in matters of omer gency, and it also supplied a leadership for the House3 of Parliament Sir Richard Baker was mistaken when he said that the Cabinet system would kill federation or federation would kill it In order to jrive that pro position any probability Sir Richard had to define federation to suit himself. It was not the essence, of federation that there should be equal power in both Houses. The essence of federation was that used by Sir Richard in his pamphlet, that a citizen had got two citiznnships— that he was a citixen of the Federation for federal purposes, and a citizen of tho State for State purposes. Sir Edward Braddon put it that the govern ment must rest on the House of Representa tives. If so, tho Houso of Representatives must ha\\*e the sole power of the purse. Tho whole of the system of responsible govern ment depended on tho power of dealing with money Bills. It was said that by expressing their views on that matter they were injuring the cause of federation; but be refused to allow his speech to be at all restrained. (Hear, hear.) The time for compro miso would not arrive until they had given expression to their views. He agreed with Mr. Carruthers as to the prepoaterousness of allowing the smaller colonies to override tho larger as to Money Bills in the Senate. The larger colonies would not all pull together, nor would the small ones all pull together. He quoted Dr. Bryce as to the arrangements in the United States of America. Wo wero sixty or seventy years behind the United States as to the suffrage. He did not recognise that thero should im equal representation of the smaller States in tho Senate. Accoraing to the speeches^ made thero seemed a desire in the Convention to concado that point so as to get federation, but if it was conceded thero would be a strong dis content iu Victoria among those who called themselves Liberal (The Hou. H. Dobson, Tasmania— 'There would be a larger discon tent if it went tho other way.' Hear, bear.) He was amused at the way in which those who represented smaller States assumed that they would bo always small. (The Hon. Dr. Cockburn, South Australia— 'It is tho principlo we are arguing for.') In a fo w years New South Wales might be a sheep walk and Tasmania the busy hive of industry. (Laughter. Sir Edward Braddon — 'We know that.' Laughter. Mr. V. L. Solomon— ' Wo are working for New South Wales when it becomes a sheep walk.' Laughter.) They wore in danger of a too ready acqnicsence in a false principle as though it were a right principle, apart from its being a question in which thero might bo compromise. If they wero not careful they might be led into tbo most anomalous results. Thoy bad not got equal State rights in Canada, nor in Germany. (Mr. Barton— 'That is a federation . en- gendered more by domination thau by con sent' Hear, hear.) The generation of the federation had nothing to do with it The smaller States had nothing to fear. According to Dr. Bryce none of them had suffered in America. The House of Representatives had never been found acting in the interests of the larger States, nor had the Senate ever been necessary to the smaller States as a refuge from oppression. (The Hon. J. H. Gordon— 'The adjustment prevented that') Then the lion. inembrT differed from Dr. Bryco. (Tho Hon. J. H. Gordon— ' Clearly.') Tho hon. member bad a right to do so, and he hjd an equal right to agree with tho author. The true protection of the smaller States lay in insisting that only those subjects which could bo batter dealt with by the Federation should bo given to the Federation, and that all thiMo subjects which could lie -icst dealt with by a colony as a colony should be left with thai colouy. An instance in point was the Queensland labour traffic. He did not think the advocates ot State rightsxould point out any dotiniteand concrete in«Uncc where the larger States ax a whole would l-e able or willing to combine against thu smaller States xs a whole. Apart from tiio sense of justice of the people, tiio largo States would tug dif ferent ways, nnd the smsll States would often bs able to hold the balance lietwoen the larger onus in the Federation. He took «s an in stance a supposititious federation of Odd fellows' Lottos, where for joint purposes tho majority must rale. Government l»y minority was much worse than government by majo rity. It was after all tho number of heads by wliicb they must be guided. Under our con ditions a small State would have seven times the powor in the Australian Federation that an American small State hnl in tho American Federation. There had been crowing discontent iu America with the equal representation in the Senate system. A small State could bo more easily worked by a cliquo than a large Stato. The true danger to State rights was the proposal in the Commonwealth Bill that the Parliaments should elect the senators, lien were returned to State P&riiamsnts; in the United States on pledges that they would vote for certain sena tors. Tho result y/as that State politics wero more and more being subordinated to federal politics. Thu franchise for _ both House* should be fixed in the Constitution. Ho would tio the last to interfere with tho right of a Stato tt- settle its own franchise, but when a Stale joined with other States to make laws for tlio government of tho Foderation, then it was a question what should ba tha federal frauchise. It was contended that the fraiuiiiso should be left to tho Federal Parliament, but if thoy omco had that Parliament elected on the narrow franchiso they would find it pre cious hard to get it broadened. Whilst he would lix the franchise in tha Constitution, ho woukl favour a provision for amendment if it worohercattcrthoughtadvwabla. Tueonly fran- chise ho could azrse to was manhood sutfrage. (Sir G. Turner — 'The Federal Parliament is sure to bo elected on that baais.') In Queens land, Tasmania, and Western Australia, and, to a certain cxtont, in Victoria there was no uniform manhood suffrage. (Mr. Symon, South Australia— ' Would you abolish women's suffrage?') Until' they pot a good liberal franchiso on the basis of manhood suffrage they would find i'6 very hard to got womanhood suffrage. Tho Liberals should claim uniform manhood suffrage for both Houses, and as soon as the question of woman hood suffrago was rips they could ask for an extension of tho federal franchise in that direction. The women of South Australia would still keop their power to voti, hut their best wisdom was not to make woni»n'rood suf frage an essential to federation. (Cheers.) The Constitution should not be rigid, but ono that could ba adapted to the times and to the growth of the nation. He would like to see the Scuatci elected by tho colony as a whole and tha House of Representatives elected by districts. That would not be inconsistent with responsible Government. He would liko to speak about financo, and did uot intend to, although he had given much thought to tho subject. He wished others to commit them selves on the franchiso and Constitution. On the question of fiuanco they wore entitled to hold in reserve. He wanted more data, and tha Convention was not yet ripe for its consideration. lie al*o intended to be guarded about tbo mode of dealing with dead locks. Ha was opposed to a deadlock being dealt with by a joint sitting of both Houses. It was sot right that tno House which repre sented a class on! v— (Hon. F. W. Holder— ' What class?') Thoso who represented tho States would not go on level terms with those who represented tho people a3 a whole. (Hon. F. W. Holder — 'They would be representative of tho people just the same.') But if they gave the smaller States special advantages in representation the minority would have a special advantage in a joint sitting, even though the franchise might be on the same basis. (Hear, bear. ) Mr. B. R. WISE, New South Wales, said the views on equal representation of Mr. Higgins reminded him that in the Convention in Phila delphia in 1879 similar opinions were expressed with great force by a gentle man who was succeeded ? by a delegate from Delaware— Mr. George Reid— it was curious how history repeats itself— (laughter) —who said, 'The non. gentleman who preceded me has been candid. I will bo equally candid. Ho has said there can be no foderation if the States come in on equal tevms. I tell him I never will federate upon his terms.' We were much in the same position to-day as wero the framers of tho jonstitution of the United States & little more than a century ago. (Hear, hear.) What had brought him round to the view of equal representation in the Senate was the conviction of its practical necessity if thoy desired to obtain federation. (Cheers.) And he was not quite sure that there was not some theoretical justificatlun. The history and traditions of a small State clung, perhaps, more closely to it than in the oaso of a larger State. They certainly had separate existence, and thuru was something more than mere sentiment in tho dostre thaw they should not wholly merge their identity in * larger federation. (Cheers.) Ho did not understand how any one could object the principle of one State one vote who advo cated tho democratic principle of odo man ouo vote. It waa just as i) logical as to insist that a man who had forty times as much wealth as another should have forty times as many votes. (Hear, bear.) If they concuded equal repre sentation in the Senate they were :*:icu to faca with the problem so clearly ututed by Sir Richard Baker, and to whom for his excellent speech ho expressed bis obligation. That speech compelled him to put all his ideas back into the crucible and think them all out again. If it be tbo casa that the Cabinet system was incompatible with truo federation he was driven* to choose bet ween true federation and responsible government, and he considered it of greater importance that they should pre serve the practice of responsible government than they should preserve tho logical complete ness of the federal idea. (Hear, hear.) Tho contest about amending money liiils had he thought rather an antiquarian character. Ho hoped that some representative would put tho Victorian view as forcibly as possiblo for the benofitof those who could not see the difficulties which had aroused so much attention io that colony. (SirGeorgoTumer— ' Would youailow the Senate to amend a Customs Bill?') Wby not? But it waa not over money Bills that the real conflicts between States would arise. Constitutional conflicts took place more over social quostioni than, money Bilk. Surely it was inconsistent to say that the 'States Assembly would have the powor to strike a deadly blow to any industry, might disorganixo the industrial relations of the nation, but that it should not havo power in connection with tho payment of a single fee. (Cheers.) He hoped they would not be scared by the ghosts of dead controversies. There was a great distinction between Appropriation Bills and what were called Monay Bills. In Now South Wales a Bill was ruled by the President of the Legislative Council to bo a Money Bill, and thrown out because the Council had no power to amend as they desired, and a disso lution had to follow. The Bill was then rein traduced, another ruling given, and the amendments with few oxcertions accepted. Thoy ought to start with as liberal and demo cratic a franchise as possible, but before the Federal Parliament or Executive catno into existence who could insuni that any arrange ment this Convention made with regard to the fedoral electoral machinery in any par ticular colony would be effectively carried out? (Hear. bear. The Hon. J. H. Gordon — ' Each colony would bavoto pass a Bill.') Was that practicable? If it refused they would be in the position of having raised up a fresh obstacle to thai colony's joining tho federation.. The protection urged by Mr. Higgins to bo sufficient for the bmaller States was certainly a largo one, but it did not cover all the ground. .The great danger lay in an improper exercise by the Federal Government, acting in federal matters, of their proper powers in a manner injurious to particular States. Such might bo, say, tho imposition of a duty on iron, or excessive expenditure upon defences in improper places, or the ex penditure of money ostensibly for national purpose!, but really to secure the votes ot some doubtful part of a State. Such log rolling should nover be allowed. Mr. O'Connor, though expressing his opinion about the power of the Senate to amend tho annual Appropriation Bill, was silent upon tho even more important question whether tho Senate should have the pdwer to amend a Loan Appropriation Bill. It might be used a* an engine of oppression. But it might, as Mr. O'Connor now interjected, cause more dis organization to the policy of the union to allow an alteration in a Loan Appropriation than in au Appropriation of Revenue Bill. As to deadlocks between tho Houses, he doubted whether it was necessary to provido any way out of thorn. It was not historically true that they had proved disadvantageous to the ' communities in which they occurred. (Hear, hear.) There was a good deal in favour of the view that deadlocks had of ten occurred through an improper excrciso of powor not afterwards approved by the people. (Hear, hear.) Tho only way to absolutely avoid deadlocks was to have a despotism. Deadlocks were tho price which every free country paid for tha benefit of a free Constitu tion.' (Hear, hear.) With constitutional go vernment there must always be a risk of the counterbalancing powers composing that government getting out of gear, and tbey must trust to the self-governing instinct of the British race and the sense of justice and power of publie opinion to right them. (Hoar, near.) At tho same time, with federation they were entering upon a new elenieut. ' (Hear, bear.) Tho question had been asked, what was the Federal Government to do if the Senate threw out an Appropriation Bill? (Members— ' Go out') Thcn-vrhat was its successor to do? (Members— 'That is the question.' Sir George Turner— 'Go to the people.') But ?f, m they probably might, those Senators accu rately refloated the opinions' of tbt* * States, would not the result be the same? They were, therefore, driven to » state of uncertainty as to any possible way out of » deadlock. (Mr. Solomon— 'Then the dual referendum comes in.') That would t-omplicate matters still more. On tbo whole it was proferablo to run the risks of luwunilerstandins _ than to invent any mechanical contrivance for settling diffe rences in regard to which there woukl always bo a temptation to put it into forco instead of exhausting all conciliatory methods. As regards the resolution that the powers. privileges, anct territories of the several exiting colonies slionld remain intact, there was. one great ditfioulty— tho very large size of the federated States, and th« very great pre dominance in populations and wealth of two of them ; and there was another difficulty. In the resolutions as drafted now there was no practical alternative as a source of revenue from the Commonwealth than Ctwtorus, br.t thero were some of them who did not look forward to the continuance of Customs duties. (Hear, hear.) If the Federal Government wore endorsed at t'uc ouUct with a substantial portion of tho continent as federal territory that would givo two advantages. It would offer a Geld for an experiment of the greatest interest, in giving to tho Federation revenue from tho gradual growth in tho value of land. Thero was belonging to WcstDiu Australia, South Australia, New South Wales, aud Queensland a great tract of territory prac tically unoccupied, aud even those portions that were occupied cost far more to govern then they returned, and he suggested the possibility of handing over tho greater part, if nob the wholo, of this as a federal endowmont. (Hon. J. Ii. Gord.ia — ' Without consideration.') * The consideration would be that thoy would tako charge of is and govern it, taking over the liabilities. (Hon. J. H. Howe— 'Hear, hear.') Let it be marked out as federal terri tory, and be governed as in tho United States as territories. Supposing there was a great mineral discovory, which was quite likely, in territory now uuoeoupied belonging to any one of these fotir Statet,':v rush would follow, as had been lately seen in South Africa, and by ovcry improvement and by tbo process of natural development that territory would advance. It v.-.m with the desiro to give an opening for a very large experiment in land value, and also with tho view of securing a more effective dovclopruent of tbo interior, and of obtaining that development without causing any risk to federation by giving uudue pre dominance to two powerful States, that he made tho suggestion. Thoy therefore might provide for the federal authority to taka over auch federal territory and administer it, of courso with the consent of the interested States. The arguments in favour of the pro posal would be strengthened if the Federal Government undertook to build a Transconti nental railway. Then as to the trade and intercourse between tbo federated colonies boing absolutely free, he agreed with the suggestion of Mr. Carruthers u to the federal power taking over the railways, and he did so entirely on a technical assumption. Thoy were all agreed that competitive rates must go, and that the railways were not to be used as protective barriers to intercolonial free trade ; but the difficulty was as to arriving at tho practicability of settling th9 matter. Mr. O'Connor suggested the appointment of a tribunal correspondiug to the Inter State Commission m America and tha Board of Trade in England, but they had uot succeeded in accomplishing the work, and if there were Uial w&ntof; success with so powerful a tribunal, backod t-y the authority of tho law in a settle:! comniuuity, vyhat hope could wo have of a tribunal succeeding: here? On the first day of tho meeting of the Con vention they had an illustration of tho difficulties that would meat such s Commission. It was stated that; one of the colonies would not givo the figures relating to its railways. With such a policy ot silence ho-.v was any inter - State Comrui?siou to find out whether preferential rates aad rebates wore being granted if tho railway ni&uagemeut; refused to furnish any information? (Mr. O'Connor— ' The Coinraituion must hare power to make enquiry.') Thero were many ways of defeating an enquiry, in the matter of tho keeping of books, kc. We would make very little progress until w* turned tho rail ways from weapons of defence into instruments of consolidation. They could make it possiblo to build new railways in New South Walos, owing to the oxistence of competitive rates. Thoy wero prohibited from giving settlors in the Western Districts the ucnorlts of the railways. Now South Wales could afford to givo Victoria trade which geographically belonged to lior, and they could do the sarau with South Australia aud Queonsland it they managed tho railways on au open system, and for a largo portion of the trade geographically adjacent to the railway system !--ow South Wales would get many millions of money. It was necessary to take over trunk lines as a matter of tech nical couvonionce, and he was perfectly willing to be guided by export knowlecigoas to feeders. It was generally agreed that telegraphs and iwwt-oflices should - bo handed over to tho federal Government. But was it rocojfmscd that tho bulk of tha telegraph lines ran along side the railway linos, aud that tho letters were conveyed in the railway carriages? (Hon. F. W. Holder— 'You should not take it for granted that tho poss and telegraphs would bo handed over.' Mr. Higgins— ' The South Aus tralian service pa ^s; tho Now South Whles does not.' Laughter.) The power entrusted with the carriage of mails and the control of the telegraphs should also have the railways. For any federal acheano of defenco the railway rv~;:3s should be uniform throughout, and that w&s; faothor argnmout for handing them over. If the railways were taken over it was no exaggeration to uy that an annual saving in money through running on ono gauge and under one system, amounting to not less than half a million per anuum, aud perhaps three quarters, would be mado. (The Hon. J. H. Gordon, South Australia— 'What about the cost of altering tbo gauge?') Ho suirl when that was completed. (The Hon. ». Fnucr, Victoria— 'That would cost £3.000.000.') Supposing it did. (The Hon. J. II. Gordon —'It would coat £4,000.000.') Supposing it took £4,000,000. If they saved three-quarters of a million a year thoy would soon pay tho total cost. (Hear, hear.) Ho would also like to see- a clause introduced forbidding tho Federal Government selling a singie acre of federal country, so that tho terrible evils that had resulted from wholesale alionation of tho land might be avoided. With regard to the judicature, he entirely disagreed with tho pro posal made by Mr. Glynn that the Federal Court should be comprised of Judgos of tho various States. Tho Federal Government would be dependent on the Governments of the States. Whilo the Federal Government would have' the absolute right to appoint all its sub ordinate officers it would not have the right to appoint those officers who in the ultimate resort. would have to interpret its Constitu tion. (Hear, hoar.) They wonlil havo no secure federation in such eircuiustancos. (Mr. Glyuu— 'Then that tells against international arbitration.') He could not sco the analogy. Ha would O3cape from a colonial adaptation of the spoils system. There must be power to dismiss any Civil servant, but that should not take placo except ou reasonable cause to be shown. (Sir George Turner— 'Would you put that in the Constitution?') He saw no other way of securing what he wanted. They should provide that a Civil servant should hold office during good behaviour, except cause be shown by tUn Executivo for h» dismissal If tbuy carried on their deliberations, ready to make compro mises wherever possiblo without sacrifice of principle, they would, he believed, produce a measure better adapted to the requirements of the people thau the Bill of 1891. (Cheers. ) The Hon. J. HENRY. Tasmania, was glad there was a tolerably unanimous opinion in tbe Convention in favour of equal representa tion of the States in tho Senate. As to tha power of the Senate in regard to Money Bills, Mr. Wiss's suggested compromise that the Senate should be allowed to amend overy form of Money Bill except tbe annual Appropriation Bill was an admirable one. Tbo mode of election to the Sonato should be submitted to the will of the people. The House of Repre sentatives should be elected on a population basis, with, ono Federal franchise. It was unwise to try Swiss or other, alien systems of government A Federal Court of Appeal was very necessary. Amendments in the Consti tution should not bo made too easy. It was far easier to put up with the evils of deadlock than to trv to reach finality by means of which they could not foresee* ho results. Tho ques tion of finance was far more difticult and important that that. of State rights. Tho 1.S01 Bill mode the initial mistake of con ferring on the Federal Government the power to touch tho Customs and postal and tele graphic revenues of the several colonies before they had a uniform tariff.' That mistake should not be repeated. They, should provido that tho powers in that direction proposed to. be conferred on tho Federal Government, should not bo exercised until the hour .when the Federal Parliament carried a resolution for tho imposition of uniform Customs duties. Until then tbe several colonies, should be allowed to go their own way in the matter. The Constitution Bill should not come into force for say one or two or three years, so as to give men engaged in trade and manufacture reasonable time to provide for the changes which would take place under a uniform tariff. If tho Federal Government took over from the colonies the receipts by which they paid tha interest on their debts, it must at the samo time take over the liability. How were they going to compel the Federal Government to do that? ' Would they lay tho obligation on that body of paying equal amounts, whilo the interest of which Tan mania would be relieved was £2 Is. 4d. per head and Western Australia only £1 14s. 5d. Again South Australia would be relieved of £2 13*: Id. per head and Victoria only £1 13*. (ki. It! was obvious that there must bcaome adjust ment. He objected strongly to anything ia tbe shape of bookkeeping botweon the Federal Government and the colonies. Ho h?.d pro pared a selicmo which he h*3 submitted to Mr. it. M. Johnston, whose approval ha had obtained. Before going into figures he would saythat the Federal Government eiiould ba obliged to set aside a sura of surplus rerenuo to meet tho annual interior bill. Unless that obligation was laid on the Federal Government it would not be $af«- for tho States to hand over their Customs revenue. Under his soheme New South Wales uould roceivo i'110.000 and Victoria £.M:i.«X», Tainan in would pay £tf,WJ anJ South Australia i.'l77,rXk\ but for tho latter colony the dilfcrence between the Customs rovonuti and tl;o interest on debt V9S much greater th.iu the amount stated. By consolidating the public debt the interest on tho various loar.s can!d ba greatly reduced. Ho differed on this jxjint from Sir Georgn Turner, for except in csan of a European crisis new loans could ba raised at lower interest as the honds fell duo. His proposal would obviate the fear expressed that tho Federal Govern ment would hava undue surpluses. If that ljody had a surplu* orer requirements it could be returned tu tho States pro ratd. With regard to the question of railways, he was utterly opposed to a war oi tariffs, but he | hoped they could be adjusted without federaliz \ ing the lines. To hand over the railways' would endanger the general federation. The local Government was more likely to know what was best for the interests of their own Stato than the Federal Parliament The question of a uniform gauge would bavo to be dealt with at a cost of perhaps many millions, aud as it did not affect Tasmania they should not bo left out iu the question of cost It was a mistaken idea that oecause tbe debt was to be handed over the railways should follow as an asset. Supposing that Australia repudiated her debt, the EngliVH Government would not \i\7jn tho railways and put in a receiver, '-:n would look to tbe people for pay ment. Thn postal and telegraph services should bo Ui.vn over by the central authority. Although there had been a loss in the two larger colonies thoy should look at the matter in a truo fedoral spirit, and, as representing Tasmania, he would allow no financial con sideration to prevent him from handing over tho services. In the years 1S93-4 and 5 New South Wales lost £107,000 on the postal aud telegraph services, Victoria lost £154,000, Tasmania £3,000, and Western Aus tralia £5,000, while South Australia made a profit of £24.000. (Hon. J. U. Gordon. South Australia — 'That's management') He was opposed to the Federal Govornmcnt levying direct taxation except for defences, and when any Stato had failed to pay. In that ease the people of that Stato should ba taxed. With regard to defence all munitions of war should be taken over by the Federal Government at their ascertained value. (Hear, hear.) Mr. J. H. SYMON, South Australia, said that one advantage of tbe course observed in allowing representatives who were not at the 1891 Convention preference of speech was that they had ascertained to some extent by the addresses of Messrs Carruthers and Higgins what the larger colonies were prepared to con cado to those who had tbe honour of representing the smaller colony. In the snoechos of those hon. gentlemen they hod tbe bane and in that of Mr. Wise the anti dote. The speech of Mr. Higgins especially seemed to be an invitation to the repre sentatives of tho smaller colonies to open their mouths and see what the larger colonies would (rive them. (Laughter, and Sir E. N. C. Braddon-*4 And shut their eyes.') He had omitted that iu his desire not to be too emphatic. (Laughter.) He had the greatest faith in the peoplo of Australia. It was recorded that the statesmeu who as sembled to frame an American Constitu tion recognised that all men, even those of the British race, had a fair share of original sin — (laughUr)— and we had added to that a*gcod deal of acquired sin. (Laughter.) What was the position of tho smaller colonies to-day might bo that of the larger ones to ? morrow. Every member waa indebted to Mr. Barton for his acceptance of the position of leader, for his able and luminous speech, and for his fair ness and rnodflration in expressing his views. He could have wished that Mr. Barton had givon his own idoas on the subject at greater leugth. (Mr. Barton—' I shall havo another opportunity.' Hear, hear.) Whoever first suggested the words— 'In order to enlarge- tho ]x-wers of eelf- govorumeut of the peoplo of Australasia,' a* «et out in trfe preamble of tho first resolution, desorved groat praixe. (Hear, hear.) Those words oxplodsd a great fallaoy. (Hear, hoar.) Tho people were really by federation to givo up nothing, but to enter into a partnership, with much larger powors, in which the func tions they exercised wero to bo divided batween tv o bodies. Tho expression was not exhaustive, bus it was better to Icavo it as an opposition of their purpose to tbe peoplo r*th*r than to encumber it with other statements equally true but less importaut. They waro asrrced that the union should be permanent and indissoluble— (Hear, hear)— but they should put that idea clearly in tho resolution, as suggested by Mr. Wise. As showing the necossity of explicit wording of matters of that kind, he instanced the fratricidal war of secession in America. The Premiers when on thair coming historical visit to Eugland should be enabled to take with them the first complete draft of the Federal Constitution— (cheers)— and the presentation of that draft completed as it left tne hands of this Convention at thn end of its first sitting would be one of the most precious and acceptable parts of the celebrations in which they wore to have a share. (Cheers.) They should therefore all bend themselves to make that consummation possible. (Hear, hear.) That a Federal Judiciary should bo created was tho unanimous wish 'of the Con vention. (Hear, hear.) He could not seo whom the additional charge on the people was to come from if th«y gave that Federal Judi ciary power to docide by v/ay oi final appeal upon all claims from the inferior Courts oi the country. (Hear, hear.) The foundations of that tribunal would be twofold. It would bo charged with the duty of interpreting accord ing to tho general principles of common law tho Federal Constitution itself. That had alwayfi been regarded as tho ino3t nobl6 aud distinguished feature of the Constitution of the United States. It had onbstituted tho arbitrament of calm judicial decision for tho arbitrament of the sword. It had thei-amu relation of justice bctv.-esa the different States of the Union as thu proposed tribunal of inter national arbitration, which all Australia would wish to seo consummated, had between Eng land and nor American dosenndants. Tbo Federal Judiciary should provide a Court of Final Appeal from tho Supreme Courts of all tbo States. Ouly just recently a distin guished Judco had beoa sent from Australia to :he i'rivy Council, and high as were that gentleman's talents there were o:ucrs equally able to take the position. If they had such a distinguished body of jurists to select front thorc should be no difficulty in instituting a Final Court in Australia. Au Optional Court ot Appeal would work ill. Who was to choose the tribunal to which a causo was ;o bo sub mitted? Tiit- parlies would almost certainly diltcr nnd complications arise. There was such another sort of middle body in South Aus 1 1 alia. It «'M composed of the Governor and Executive, minus thu Atcornuy-Uenerat, the only member of thn Government who was sup posed to have a kuowlcdge of law. It wns so unfavourably looked hjjou by tho ptiulic that there bad been no ua*us reforred to it for teu or fifteen years. Although ho would not com pare it witb a Federal Court the ollect might bo the same. The Federal Judicature should bo detached from tho States entirely, and should be alone, above, and out of roach of r.ll the other Courts of the States. Ho appreciated the argument that the Privy Council was a link botwocn them and that mother country which they all loved so much. But they would do hotter and inspire more confidence in tuo minds of tiie people of Aus tralia if thoy gave them a Court of Appeal in their midst for a final resort. Groat incon vonienca and expense of many kinds would i-e saved. With regard tu a uniform franchise, it' the other colonies would agree that there should be uniformity of sulTry/o then it was perfectly within the powers of the Convention to pass an enactment to that effect. But whilst he was iu favour of uniform suffrago he did not sco how South Australia could ask the other colonies to agree to it as part of the Con stitution unless thev had a direct siaudnte to do so from their electors. South Australia enjoyed adult suffrage, and rhorefore there could be no uniformity without one of two things. Either this colouy must relinquish adult suffrage, or the other colonies must agree to adopt it. (Mr. Barton—' She would still havo it for State elections.') The first election must of course he hold on the basis of the present franchise. He reminded those who regarded the Federal Council as the tabernacle of thu federal spirit that it was not erected upon any franchise at all. As to the difficulty of engrafting respon sible government upou the federal system, be thought Sir Richard Baker wtva mistaken. (Hear, hear.) He was tor responsible govern ment (Cheers.) It had worked remarkably well. If there was ono point upon which tho framers of the Uuited States Constitution was steadfast in it was in adhering to the form of English government as thoy understood it. (Hear, bear.) Since tho date of tho Constitution the English Government had expanded, all in the direction of free dom and responsibility to the people. Sir Richard had said thoy could not have responsible government with equal Houses. The conclusion was not to give up responsible government but equal Houses. Sir liichard contended that the oxistence n! r.-'p-insible govornmcnt was inconsistent with the federal system. It was not essential to thu federal systom that thero hhonld he res pony i bio government. America and SwiUrrland had not got it; they nover had it. Tito United States would have had it if it had been then ase&sentially; a part of the British (iiovernuient. (Cheors. ) The 1'ro.sideut of the United States was i.ishionr-d in tho likeness of the King. If they had waited anothor hundred years he would have been fashioned in the likeness of the l'remjor. (Laughter. 'All of them?') It would hj impossibla to combine, in one person ail tbe excellences of the rive Premiers. (Laughter.) Ho quoted from Prislc, who said the President of the Unite:! States was given the power of a King for ruischiur curtailed by el»cion for a short term. The American Cabinet was a kind of I'rivy Council. In this connection ha quoted liryce, paga oSO. Thoro was one instance of whore a form of responsible government was grafted on to a Federal Constitution. This was in Hawaii, it vfa not perhaps on all fours, because there chore was only one House. (The Hon. Sir K. C. Baker— 'That gives away the whole posi tion.') He was not no sure about that. Ho quoted Bryce's commentary on the system of the enlightened citizens of Hawaii. It showed that tho principle of responsible government was not inconsistent with the federal spirit. He admitted tho difficulties of applying it, but would not adopt the remedy— the Swiss system— which Sir It. C. Baker recommended, and which was an alien method. Men of British race wore accustomed to surmount difficulties when thoy arose. He would make the Federal Government responsible to the Federal Assembly. (Hear, hear.) Tbey might have a sufficiently powerful Senate without bringing into tho question of the responsibility of toe Government tbe voice of the Senate. If they had equal representation of the States in the Senate, say six from each colony, they would have a chock upon the preponderating influence of the larger States in the people s House. Then, too, if Che principlo of repre sentation according to population was placed upon a different basis, his own idea was that the standard should bo a fixed number for each State, with a certain additional number for so many thousands all round. But in that matter they must trust a good deal to the just sense of fairness on the park of the representatives in the people's House. In some respects the election of senators by tbe local Houses of Parliament would not havo tho bad effects that some predicted. In South Australia, with triennial elections, tho people would bo able to influence the election of senators by tbe way they voted for local politicians at those elections. He did not want to, nor did he think such a system would, subordinate tho interests of this Senate, which they wished to seo strong, to the interests of local politics. If they were going to have responsible government, they shmild leave with tho House of Representatives the sole power of originating Money BQls— (Hear, hear)— as that would be tbe only lover which that Lower House would have loft to more the Govern ment of tho day. He did not seo why th* Senate should not have power to amend Money Bills. (Hear, hoar.) They should not strain at the gnat after having swallowed the camol. (Hear, hear.) The power of partial veto should be given to the Senate rather than that they should havo the choice only between ac ceptance aud rejeotion or the power of total veto They might depend upon the justice and good senso of senators not to wantonly disarrange the whole functions of government needlessly. If the Sonata should by an amendment deprive tho Government of half its revenue, it would still bo in a better position than if tbo appropriation was entirely rejected. With regard to the railways, unless the Fedoral Government had absolute and uncontrolled charge of the railways trada could not, in the words of tbe resolutions, ' be absolutely free.' If the telegraph system was to be federalized there was no reason why the same should not be- done with tbe railways also. They would not refuse to federaliz* the Murray. Ho agreed with Mr. Wise that an inter-State Hail way Commission vim impracticable. If they appealed to the Supreme Court how could that body enforce its decision against a State? (Mr. O'Connor — *' An injunction would be given against tho officials of the0 railwayi).') That mijrht perhaps be a moduli vircudi. (Mr. Isaacs, Victoria— 'Do you thiuk aStatowoulddciregardanorderof the Supreme Court?') It was quito possible. The United States Supreme Court would not give judg ment on any point except it camo before it as a question botween two individuals. Althougn be felt strongly on this matter ho did not think it should ba made a fine qud turn to federation. Ha echoed entirely the very grave and weighty words in which tho Leader, Mr. Barton, had counselled conciliation and compromise. When their labours wore ended aud the fabric cama from the loom of the workshop he would be prepared to accept it, although it might con tain somo things he had fought against and omitted some things ho had fought for. As Bonjamin Franklin said, wo doubt a little of our own infallibility, but put our names to tha instrument. Let them take it with its imper fections upon it, so long as they wore not fatal to tho liberties of the people. Franklin also said that, whatever opinion ho entertained of tho errors of the American Constitution, he would sacririce it to the public good. Thn problems before them wore vital and i;reat ones of constructive statesmanship. 'If we succeed,' as the Athenian general said to his troops, 'we shall make Athens the greatest city of Gresce.' If they in this Con vention—representing, as be hoped they would before they finally dissolved, the wholo of the peoplo of Australia— if they succeeded, there would arise in Australia a now and beneflcent power, great in her civilization, great in hor arts of peace, and, above all, great in tho com fort and happiness of her people. (Cheers.) Tho Hon. F. W. HOLDER. South Aus tralia, secured the adjournment of tho debate till this, morning. Carried. LEAVE OF ABSENCE. The Standing Orders having been suspended, the Hon. F. W. Holdor moved for four days leave ot afcenco to the Western Austra lian delegate*, and tno days' Icavo of ab3encn to Mr. W. A. Trenwitb, Victoria. This course was necessary, because- under the Western Anotralian Enabling Bill if tho members for that colony were absent from the Conven:ion for five days their seats bocamo vacant, so that if by somu oversight or inad vertence any member of the delegation of that colony were absent on Friday from the sitting his iteat would bo vacant. Thov all also re gretted tho absence on account of ill-health of Mr. Trenwith. (Hear, hear.) Carried. ADJOURNMENT. At 5.37 p.m. the Convention adjourned till to-day at 10.30 a.m. 