IN THE DEAD OF NIGHT, By the Popular Authoress, ADA CAMBRIDGE. Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock i' Co., Ltd. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER II (Continued). "I have yet to be convinced that Lexie did elope," said Billy, who, as he spoke, felt the hand of his little wife slipped into his, and grasped it gratefully. "` As to that, sir, there's the evidence of prties that saw them go off together. A standing at her bedroom window, whic she had opened, because it was bright moonlight and the garden looked so pretty, and she heard voices on the terrace underneath, close to a door at the foot of a private staircase; and when she looked down. there was Mrs Walter and the young man, quite plain, so as nobody could mis take them. She had on the same white cloak that she'd left the hall with, the stairs and passages being draughty, and it man, he struck a matclh to see how o lon the door again, and that showed their faces clear. And the best proof was that neither of them was ever seen agaln, sir." " And the lady did not give the alarm ?" " She said nothing about it because she hoped they'd come back before they were found out and scandals made, and because Mrs Walter was in the habit of going to her family when she was in a temper with her husband; and they did have words that day. Sir Walter had his suspicions of the young man, and taxed her with it. They all thought at first that she'd gone to Cambridge, and the lady that knew she hadn't said the same, just out of kindness and to give the woman a chance. Besides, she couldn't bear to be the one to break the news. However, she had to do it at last, when they found out by letters that came for Mrs Walter from her mother that she'd never been there ?" " Poor mother !" Wingate ejaculated. "Nettie, we must go and see her. 1 want to hear both sides." "So do I," cried Nettle, with cordial sympathy. Dead, sir; dead, ma'am," said the land lady, . many years ago; both her father and mother, and the business sold. There are no bairds in Cambridge now." It was Nettie who asked the next and most important question. "Mrs Venn, was the lady you mention the only person who saw the elopement with her own eyes ?" Mrs Venn said she believed the lady was the only person who actually so saw it, but a servant in the house-the baby's nurse heard the door of the private staircase shut. It was in the wing Mrs Walter occu pied-a whole wing that old Sir Thomas had set apart for her and h'r husband's use, so that they could live independently. as if in their own house, when they felt disposed. The nurse had gone to bed in the nursery with the child; the noise of the door woke her, and she thought it was her master going into his dressing-room. But as it happened, Sir Walter--Mr Walter as he was then-had gone to London un beknown to her, and was away all that night-came home, poor man, to find the bird flown!" " And who was that lady?" Mrs Win Mrs George Desailly, msa'a m. She \---+or-no ng he is oo, t oug Sia oes a long to the family, and stands next to Master Thomas too, worse luck." Billy had heard already who hirs George Thosailly was, and he seemed to spring out of his seat. " Aha! I thought so-I thought so! Which took place first, Mrs Venn, her marriage or the elopement-the alleged elopement?" "The elopement, sir-years and years before. Miss Balcombe married quite late in life-that is, late for a lady so good looking and attractive." "Any children ?" "Two, sir, only-a girl and boy. The poor little boy is not quite right, they say, but of course she thinks the world of him." " And Walter swallowed all her infernal lies ? I beg your pardon; I can't help using strong language. Because I can see. as plainly as that you are standing there, that Mrs George Desailly invented that elopement for her own purposes. Don't you see it, Nettle? You remember what I told you P"-with a signifieant nod. \- Sir," said Mrs Venn, "you are like many other p ople - speaking evil of that lady without knowing anything about her." " I not know anything about her!" laughed Wingate grimly. ' Without knowing anything of the cir cumstances that, you say, happened after your time. As a matter of fact, Mrs Walter and she were the best of friends. She has told me so herself." "Oh," said Wingate. And he seemed to wink at Nettie from the corner of a sombre eye. " And she could have had no interest whatever in injuring Mis Walter-in tell trmea tues ine coue bits.,u husband to divorce her." " Which they didn't." "No. But she could not have foreseen that." "And never thought of such disgraceful things. Besides, sir, if her story was an invention, how do you account for Mrs Walter's disappearance? She went away that night, and the young foreign gentle man wenttoo, andthey've never been heard of since. That's the truth, at any rate; and if you can find any explanation of it but the one that anybody who knows the world -" "I can find another without any dered her for the sake of the necklace." "Not one who loved her. The whole house knew that he loved her, and that her husband had quarrelled with both of them because he'd found it out." Wingate's face fell slowly, and he heaved a restless sigh. " It is strange-it s.deed strange!" he ejaculated. Then, w?r fsdden resolution, he asked where Mlrs GIsorgo ?a, , - .,., found. " I am going," said he darkly, " to the fountain bead-" . \- .--.MrsGeorge, he was then informed, had no settled habitation of her own, her hus band being a rolling stone, living by h's wits and from hand to mouth, a frequenter of Continental gaming places and a sponger upon his friends; but it so hap pened that she was at this moment staying at the old rectory which used to be her home. "They were both at the coming of age,' said the landlady, " though they weren't invited, and the squire was very angry when he saw them there. He's the bestof landlords,and indness itself to everybody else, but he does hate that George Desailly so that it's like a madness with him. The other squires don't think it looks weoll at all, seeing that Mr George is his own blood, and so near the title, too. And his poor wife-goodness knows she has troubles enough without Sir Walter making more for her." "What! Does he habte her too! You don't say so!'" "Like poison, sir. And all for nothing, I'm convinced. She once invited young Master Tnomas to stay with her when he was home for his holidays and his father was away, and he got a bad cold, and told his father in a letter that his sheets were that damp you could have wrung them. Well, supposing they were damp,any care less hussy of a housemaid might have done it, and the missus never known. Desailly ladies don't make the beds. ButSirWalter, he got it into his head that she wanted to kill the boy so that her own might suc ceed, and now it's a regular monomania with him. He keeps Master Thomas al ways under his eye, and he's given orders that neither she nor her husband are to set foot on the property. Any gatekeeper that lets them through even into the park is to lose his place directly. I call it a shame- though he is Sir Walter and my husband's landlord She's a lady, like any other lady, and a Desailly moreover, and a sweet, gentle creature, incapable of doing such things as she's accused of. She was sitting in this parlor only yesterday, talk ing to me about it, and saying how she missed her dear mother, and how nice it was to be in her childhood's home again. For my part, I hate to see people despised S_--s-_ ai"t h-becapse they're poor. Why shouldn't she walk in the park-isihe's a mind? And why shouldn't she go into the house as well as the rats and mice? Now that she's here she just pines to wander alone through the old rooms where she had such happy days when she was a girl, and she was asking me whether I could not manage it for her, through my husband, who's that trusted by the agent that he could get the keys at any time he wished. I'm sure I was will squire. It went to my heart to see her pleading for such a little thing, and hav ing to disappoint her. She said she sup posed Sir Walter was afraid she'd steal something, but the tears were in her eyes, poor thing, and she trembled all over. There's nothing to steal except what no body could carry away The valuable small things are all well locked up, or at the Dower House, or in the bank. A burn ing shame, I call it." " It is," said Wingate, smiling strangely. " And she is staying at the rectory, you say ?" " Yes, sir; at least, she was yesterday. The rector now is Mr Martin, a bachelor gentleman; he was tutor to MIaster Tho mas before he went to Eton. He never saw Mrs George till the other day, at the com ing of age; but he was told how the squire had treated her, and was very in dignant, and offered her his arm as she was leaving the hall, and asked her to honor him by making use of his house." " How did the squire treat her ?" in quired Wingate. " I used to know him pretty well, but I never thought him a man to be rude to ladies." "' This was what he did," said Mrs Veno. "She and her husband came to 'The Chase' because it was sort of open house at the coming of age-though the hous • is so empty and out of repair that only the great hall, the state drawingroom, and the kitchens were actually used-and because they hoped, she said, that on such an occa sion the family might be reconciled. They wanted to congratulate Master Thomas, and to drink his health, and so make up all quarrels, and start fresh as friends. However, we noticed they were not at the banquet-the company this time was only the people on the estate, and a few friends of Master Thomas's, very different from the coming of age, that used to be though we had seen them go in amongst the first, and it appears that Sir Walter didn't know they were th-re at alL But while the speeches were going on someone whispered to Master Thomas, and Master Thomas whispered to his father, and the squire looked as'black as thunder, and as soon as the banquet was over ran up th stairs. They were not using the upper part of the house, and poor Mrs George had taken the opportunity to have a uiest reroll thr?gh t , ho room.r- oao io h?. ,. p." d#.. ro thl?,S . ? sho 4` looking o'or a w cino o.q"?adthinkingOthepaet. as if shwere eir own daughter, when up comes Sir Walter, and orders her out of the place just as if she was a common tramp. And she without even her husband to defend her. Mr George had changed his mind about speak ing to his cousin before so many people, and had left while everybody was at the banquet, and gone back to London, so that she was all alone by herself. She says he abused her shameful, but there was no body to hear what they said the rector met them in the gallery over the hall. Master Thomas had told the rector what was going on, for you must know that he doesn't hold with the way his father treats Mrs George, which is real scandalous, though I oughtn't to say it, being an old servant of the family. Mr Martin, he ran upstairs to see what he could do, and there was poor Mrs George crying, and Sir Walter calling Mr Blackett, the agent, to come and lock all the doors, and give the keys to him. He says he wouldn't trust her not to lay dynamite about the place, and blow them all up-which shows how mad he is in his spite against her. For anybody can see that a gentler creature never walked. Mr Martin, he says he won't break bread in the house again while Sir Walter is master, though he did give him the living; and Master Thomas looked so ashamed, poor young gentleman! They say he had words with his father afterwards, though they are that fond of each other that they're more like twin brothers than parent and child." " This," remarked Wingate, " is strangely unlike the Walter Desailly that I used to know. However--" He looked at his watch, and then at his wife, and then at the landlady, who was so anis,?ny??"-e r-lrne;-l-v enn-wn-eGh Sir Walter still keeps the keys ?" Mrs Venn supposed not, as he was out of the country. She thought Mr Blackett would have them, and was sure there would be no difficulty in getting leave to look over the house,if Mr Wingate wished to do so. It was only Mrs George who was shut out, less she should plant dynamite upon the premises. " Well:" said Billy, who craved impa tiently for a pipe and a quiet gossip with his wife, "what do you say to a little stroll before turning in, Nettle ? It is a lovely night, and I don't feel a bit like sleep at present." made a new creature of me. 1 could walk miles. Only I'm afraid we might be keep ing Mrs Venn up." The landlady offered to leave the key under the doormat, and otherwise to meet the wishes of a customer who had been at college with the squire, and whose whole equipment betokened wealth, and of the prety young wifeo whoa..an srs-s,'l-at, ?----?,?.?-pI opse. She took them, with many apologies, though back passages and a kitchen to show them the door, the key, and the mat, and where they would find matches and their bedroom candle, inci dentally bringing to their notice certain members of her family eircle. These the strangers affected to ignore, from motives of delicacy, until a very old man, who was being helped to bed by a pair of stalwart grandchildren actually blocked their path. "This:'," said Mrs Venn, "is my hus band's father, that must have been butler at 'The Chase' when you were there, sir. But I suppose you wouldn't have known him again. He's close on eighty-four, and was a faithful servant of the family from the time-he cleaned the knives when he was only ten. Grandpa !"-raising her voice jto a loud yell-" this gentlemann used-to-come-to-the-house-when you - were- there -Mr - Win - gate friend-of-the-squire's-went-to-col lege-with- him-knew-the-lady-that -ran-away-" " Hush-sh!" cried Wingate fiercely. And she stopped. "We have to bawl at him, sir, to make him hear. But it's not much use. He gets deafer and deafer, and his memory is quite gone. He ?o?i't know you. . Oh, but he does, though ! Look at him l" Grandpa was evidently acting in an un usual way. He pointed a claw.like finger at Wingate's massive chest, glared up at him with his rheumy eyes, wagged his head, made strange gabbling sounds, and pulled at the arms supporting him, evi dently in high excitement. "Well, old gentleman, and how do you doF?" Wingate jauntily addressed him, taking the trembling hand and sawing it up and down. "It is very flattering to me to think that I've changed so little. Hey ? What ? Look here, Mrs Venn, if I were you I'd get him off to bed as soon as pos sible. Hý looks to me as if he were going to have a fit." The Venn family removed the patriarch, with soothing words to him and apologies to the guest, explaining that the old man was quite childish, and not accountable for his vagaries. And the bride and bride groom escaped, to their relief and plea sure, into the calm night. CHAPTER III. THuE SCEhNT LIES. Talking of Lexie Desailly and her fate, in which the one had become as much in terested as the other, Mr and Mrs Wingate found their way almost unconsciouslyto the gates through which they had gazed, a few hours earlier, at what they supposed to be her home. It was now invisible amongst the distant shades, but half a mile of .the greeni ride lay far beneath the moon;^ look in like a lawn for elves to dance on. itn hi?-ndst-ant-peere--ieiwsen-ienem wistfully. Billy's eyes, -over the top of her head, searched the night with equal eagerness. The Chase was laying a spell upon them both. The young lodge-keeper heard them talking, and came out to reconnoitre. Wingate accosted him, asking leave to enter the enclosure. The request was at" once granted to an old friend of the squire's, who was exhorted to take his own time, and return when it pleased him. The man had some business of his own on hand, which would keep him up for an hour or two, and was willing to wait upon the strangers' pleasure. " We shall have time, then, to get a peep at the house," Nettle joyfully exclaimed. She was " dying," as she called it, for that satisfaction. "Perhaps, if we look sharp," said Billy. "But the length of this avenue is about three times what it looks." And they set off to walk it at a swinging pace, keeping the middle of the grass, to be as far as possible from the black shadows of the woods on either side. Nettie held tight to her stalwart husband's hand, and after a little only spoke in low tones, glanc ing hither and thither in a furtive way. with occasional jumps and starts; for the sense of mystery was upon her- delightful certainly, enchantingly English, but a little uncanny, all the same. Bushes to right and left rustled as they passed; twigs snapped; owls went by with no sound of wings, phantom-like; couching forms of deer arose, loomed for a moment, and disappeared. These latter were the most romantic feature of The Chase to her Australian mind, but on antlered buck in twilight, showing himself unexpectedly and merely as something alive and large, brings, as she expressed it, one's heart in to one's mouth. The spectacle of the old mansion, when they reached the inner enclosure of garden surrounding it, enhanced this sense of phantasmal things, the general awesome ness of the expedition and the hour. It was indeed the ideal haunted house. Nettle said she had seen the very " moral" of it, under that title, in an old volume of the "Illustrated London News." Ivy cloaked embattled walls and hung ragged wreaths from projections of ornamental tsneoerak, toer .ae.d ohi,.n-.,tacoks bioeke t of the th e511,ztd k-31 tes end weeds sheored clar in the bhinks o' tCho naggen terraces,- auun unprunta-oErowth" from the once trim parterres overran the pillared balustrades and short flights of shallow steps leading from one level to another. A rusty gate hung awry on a broken hinge; gravel paths were all but obliterated; storm - strewn twigs and branches of trees lay where the wind had tossed them, bedded in rank grass, and over all this desolation the broad windows gazed blankly, from under their stone brows, like open eyes of the dead. " What a change !" Wingate muttered; in an awed voice ; " oh, what a change ! I cannot understand it. For the boy's sake, if not for his own-for common decency's sake-he might have kept such a beautiful place from going to rack and ruin like this ! He doesn't deserve to own it. Well, I don't think we'll try to make a home here, sweetheart." " Oh, no I" whispered Nettle, shivering within the arm he had thrown around her. Nevertheless, he looked about him with a keen business eye, trying to measure the extent of the dilapidation, and what it would cost to put the place in habitable repair. And while thus engaged, detached for the moment from the sentiment of the scene, Nettle startled him- with a sudden cry and a clutch upon his arm. In an instant she was within the rampart of that arm, as behind a padlocked door. "H ullo !" he cried ; "what's the mat ter P" "Look!" she gasped. "Oh, look I" He looked hurriedly hither and thither, not knowing what she meant. "Hey ? Where ? I don't see any thing." " It's gone," she said, in the same dry throated whisper. " But I saw it quite hanging out on the wall up there." " Saw what, child ? Oh, this is getting on your nerves!" " Billy, you may disbelieve me if you like, but I did see it-a light like a candle -in that window at the end of the wing. Watch, perhaps we shall see it again." They stared steadily for several minutes, and saw no light except the moonlight, which was very clear and bright. In the silence they heard rustlings in the bushes near them, and above all other noises, the thumping of their hearts. 'That," said Billy, in a low-voice, "is the wing where Lexie lived. The big win dow belongs to what used to be her bed If you really saw a candle in it, of couree some one must be there. But they cer tainly told me it was all shut up." As he spoke they simultaneously de tected a figure gliding across a moon lighted corner of the terrace beneath the window. It was such a shadow of a figure, and came and went so swiftly, that they barelvidentified it as.humanand dwere un able to distinguish sex. Nettie smothered a shriek in her husband's breast. "I say, thiis looks very suspicious," he exclaimed excitedly, while trying to soothe her alarm. " There are some little games going on that the authorities don't know anything about, evidently. Poachers burglars-somebody taking advantage of the empty house for unlawful purposes." "Oh, Billy, come away, come away They might see us, and you are unarmed, and we are so far from help !" "Nonsense, pet ! Don't be a little goose. Well, we1 go at once, dear-only just let me run up and see where that fellow went to, first. It would be cowardly to leave them to do no one knows what mischief, and notlift a hand to prevent it. You stay here in shelter, and 1'11 be back in two minutes." SBut Nettle, mustering a fair stock of native courage, declared that if he must go on such an errand, she would go too. Never would she be separated from her husband, whateverhappened. They would die together, if need were. Wingate would have preferred to make a sortie by himself-it would have been the sooner over, and he could have dealt sum marily with any difliculty encountered; the presence of his wife made an irksome caution necessary. However, her wish was law; and he lifted her over the rusted gate upon which they had been leaning, and set her little feet upon a path that led, by two flights of massive steps, to the ter race under the wing that had been Lexie's private dwelling, and the window in which Nettie had seen the light. Here they pro ceeded softly, the man holding his com panion behind him with a firm grip, and keeping one eye on the window and the other on the bushes to right and left, until they reached the moonlit corner where the figure had been seen. Here Billy stopped and pounced upon something that lay coiled on the weedy pavement under the shadow of the balustrade like one of his native snakes. He pulled it out into the light, and lo, a rope of many fathoms, new and strong, with a long thin cord attached to it, weighted at the end-similar to the tackle with which ships make fast to tug or wharf, but of inferior weight and quality. " Burglars, of course," he remarked, de lighted with his find. " Some of them must have got in, and others are outside; every window on the ground floor is barred like a prison, so I suppose they are hauling themselves into that upper one with the ,rope., But how the dickens did the first one get through ? It projects so far from the walls that the ivy wouldn't help. They must have got theline over something,but Ican'tseewhat. And the casements are shut. There' are two, in the lower part, opening like doors. Lexie loved to have them open ; she was fo: fond of fresh' air I':,By thoe..ray, there's. the door of the little staircase that they It was-hard and fast. And, when he ran half round the house, and ran back, before Nettle had time to feel deserted he found all the doors and windows wearing the same impenetrable look. And no sign of life was visible, nor further trace of the supposed marauders, In spite of which, common prudence dictated a retreat under the circumstances. " If I were alone," said Billy, " I'd get to the bottom of this, but I can't expose you to the tender mercies of a burglar at bay. Thebest thingto bedoneis to get you safe to the inn, and then come back with men I can muster, and thoroughly search the place. We will take the rascals' rope with us, at any rate, and trust they haven't got another." He quickly made a coil of the rope and slung it over his shoulder.. With the other arm he embraced his wife and pro pelled her homeward. Along the cracked and weedy flags, down the moss-grown steps, through the wilderness of a garden they scurried, as if themselves detected housebreakers; and neither of them en joyed the romance of the situation in the least. Bright as the moon was, their path to the rusty gate, through the rank, dank shrubberies, was a more fearsome passage that before; and when, at a spot where the branches closed above their heads, they heard a rustle and a movement as of some creature tracking them, Nettie's haart failed her, and she screamed aloud. Billy thereupon dropped his load of rope, clasped his wife to his breast, planted his feet firmly, and glared from side to side. "Who's there ?" he called sharply. No answer. No sound. They listened with all their tingling ears, but heard nothing. " A rabbit, or a bird, or perhaps one of the deer out of the woods," he murmured soothingly. "Why, child, what's come to you ?" But his own voice was a trifle unsteady. Eager to stand and face any danger that he could see, this shadow business un nerved him. A mile in twenty minutes was their rate of travel down the long chase to the lodge, and the little star that was Abel Rowe's parlour lamp, on which they kept their eyes fixedsteadily all the way, was a great omfort to them. I Tho ath . poun ao one and rather bronathloesly, they porod He received it without. visible surprise or concern, and did not agree with Mr Win gate that a midnight expedition was neces sary. "Oh,you saw that light in the window!" he exclaimed, with much gravity. " I was wondering whether you would. I was out the other night, looking at some traps. and saw it myself; and several other people have seen it. The conclusion they've come to is that the old house is haunted, sir. I don't hold with ghosts myself, but that's the common view." " Haunted be blowed !" was Wingate's rude rejoinder; and he showed the rope, which was mysterious without being super natural, and described how they had seen a man "scoot" round a corner of the house. "Beside," said he, "if ghosts were allowed to carry matches and candles, they'd burn the places down." " I suppose there are ghosts of lights as well as ghosts of people, if there are ghosts at all," argued Abel Rowe. " Be that as it may, no mortal hand lit that light you saw, sir, if it was in the big window of the west wing you saw it. Because why I The day after it was first seen, Mr Blackett and a whole posse of people, thinkingjust' as you do that burglars were in the house, went in and all over it, and tried every lock and bolt, and thoroughly ransacked the whole place; and they proved that no body could possibly have been there. Especially in that room were the window is; that was locked up tighter than any. Sir Walter doesn't like to have people pry ing there.. It used to be his wife's room." S"There must be a hiding-place in it," said Wingate. " There isrnot, sir, begging your pardon. Every bit of wall and floor was taped and l?i-r ?lackett satisfied himself that there" was no hiding-place." "Then they had got out of the window: with the rope in the meantime." "No, sir; for the casements were fonnd` fastened on the inside." "Well, but here's the rope t6 speak' for itself. It -was lying close under the window. It is quite .new-just out of the shop-no doubt bought on purpose. What do you suppose it was doing there ? And the fellow we saw running ' Must he be a ghost too ?" "I can't account for:him, nor for the rope," ?ir Rodwe admitted, fingering the gn, since there's. been this tlk of the ghost in-the windbw. I'll see Mr Blackett about it in the morninig " "I will see him also," broke in Wingat'e, with a significant glance at his wife. "And I will keep the rope, if you please. It is my evidence, you see. I intend to sift this thing to the bottom, ghost and alL" (To is Coninu?d ) : 