.: A M;.IRACLE IN SYDNEY. -X- .I:CP~.F CASE :INVESTIGATED BY A. S CORE 'OF :':PEOPLE* AND VOUCHED" FOR? ;BY. A * -PROMINENTMEMBEROF PARLIAMENT. -LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CONSIDERED INCURABLE BY THE FIRST PHYSICIANS \- OF THE WORLD BAS AT LAST BEEN QCONQUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR 1DR; :'WILIAMS' \- PINK PILLS :.. S (Froi the " Australitn Workinan? ') .On Thursday afternoon, our representative made his,wSy to the humiible home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lan, Ultimo. He wias discdvered nursiin a- tw-year-old .baby, and his face declared him to. be: one of the happiest mein i Sydney. Hfe was up and abouft'and ableto answer tihe knock at the door.-:; Although, pale and bearing still. the marks of a- critical illness,- and a period:of. pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the ,preliminary questions; he said. :.:. You: want to know" all about my case 1 W:ell, I am glad of an opportunity to tel yp Thbe 'facts may be of value t'ob hose , gre.Strickienk I: wa , - "^ ^ ereyou suferingou 'Well,, twelve months :ago I goi-Ls;ba' that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then, About five years ago, nextfChristinas, I met with an.accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in' Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health,' and after four' years of gradual development of the malady; I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island. 'What were the symptoms 1? 'Simply indescribable.-- The pains were something terrible.- They were just about as. much as I could bear. 'They were for all thi world like' a if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuis ance to myself and everyone else. I was in. cesaantly shivering and shaking, and could neitir, eat nor sleep. On the 23ri March last Niw a well.known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. How ever,.he gave me an order to the Director of) Charitable Institutionsz . ' Did you make use of the order 1 ' No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty- well in bed -ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor.; in fact, I could-not get dut of bed. -I felt then that it-was all up.with mne, and only a_. question of days. when?i?i~would 'give up the . ghost.i My.'doctor -was attenrding me, and did all he could, byopium and: morphia pills, to ease the agony -I was 1in. I was under him foir five or six weeks.- :He :'aie to the con: clusion that I was suffering from Locomotor. ataxia, or: Progressive '-locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal. cord, characterised: by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that,. might last: fbr-ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs.: (Just' thenithe patient' kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical -:opinion is not infallible.) Well; jijst as a drowning man will grasp at a. straw,--IIgrasped at an. idea?conveyed by the adveitisement'describh ing the cure effected, in the case: of another boiler- maker in England, which IIread in thei: (,'Australian .Workman,' .by Dr Williamss' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement ofa case which seemed'to fit myb own. I determined to :give the- Pink Pills a trial anyway, and` sent for a box. The effect waas asmarvellousasit was magical. I was, able to eat anid sleep as though nothing` was the- matter with :me.. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately'left the bed. and was able to move about,: I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking, the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my for iner. vigor and vitality, You see those. ecutches there6' They are perfectly new; and. I have .never used them'. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and Ihope soon to do, without it. You see I Im:rapidly regaining my strength,". : H(e e.i 100 per cent. better,1 said. Mrs Jarvis, wh,.hiad come in and taken the baiby on her ?knees., '::The Pink= Pills have saved his:: life,-ind, made-another-man of him. A. friefnd who called in at. his poiint, said that Jarvis looked. ten :yars; younger -that -day than he did a"=fortnight.previously? \- ...'-can now,'? continued -Jarvis, . have -a -cold bath, and all the feeling his come back: in i.y legs.- - If I keep on going the way I am,: I hope: to be able- to.resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have'- to. be in th6e very pink of health and. strenigth to work :at that trade. I am better to-day than I hjive '.bgen at any time during the past five yeairs: 'I ascribe all the change and benefit to .these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in.no pain now, whatever, and feel like a?iew 'man. On the mantelpiece there is a box o opium and morphia pills which the. doctor: gave me to deaden the excruciatinig .ain But they can stay where they are, :foEr:.no? longeer need them. .Everybody i.who kiios: me has been amazed at the. change :i me. They can hardly beliei ethir eyes My being about again has caused 'quite :a sensa tion out here,. Such is this remarkable history and ircoi irma what i ?said: in al the h:eieitf ne:wspe er of :this country of. the :astonishiing, cures wrought by Dr Williams' T Pink Pillsforo Pale People. They cure.: locomotor ataly, partial. paralysis, and spinal ;disease, also` the many disorders which arise: from an impoverished. state of the.blood, such as anmemia, pale and -sallow complexion, .general: muscular ~weak ness, indigestion loss- of appetite, shortness of breath,; painis in the back?- nervous" head ache, etc. ..Mr J. S.- T. .M'G(owen, l.reader of the Labor party in the. N.S.W. Assembly, was ?seen by our reporter in -connection. with the remark able. case. of Thomas Jarvis.-- M. MIGowen says he has known Jarvis from infa nbcy. He also knew that he'lhad to give upihis work at. Glebe- Island abattoirs twelve -months ago;, owing to a-malady which he- developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis 'was bed-ridden, and that there was little., chance of his re covery. He understoof Jarvis -was 'efused admission to the Sydney Hospital, - as- his case had been pronounced incurable. 'Mr iM'Gowen was, therefore, like ..everyone else who knew.the facts, astounded at the com plete recovery of Jarvis. - - Dr Williams' Pink Pills -are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from- the Dr -Williams' Medicine. Ooy.; .Queen's - Place, -l?,iiy wzwia :will :forward -; (post p aid) on receipt sti r ostorder b b fo.. 2s'9d;, ord:ozeniifr 14s 9d$;' '- 