J III IM IB III Slljl. IT C Bain has been lying ill in bed at Ipswich jjfso'me time with typhoid fever. n,«t Ada Ferrar is a married lady. Her husband gaidtob0 Mr. D. Glassford, Flaviua in The Cross. ■ irB_ j c. Williamson had a bad attack of rheugout last week but is now almost recovered. Veteran " Billy" Barlow, the " Blue-tailed Fly," is 1^1 ninmate of the Gympie Hospital. He is suffering ^Eaanattack«of rheumatic gout. Bb j[Bi Keiley, who plays the waiter, Alphonso, French Maid, is a son of the late Mr. Henry once musical critic of the Argus. "Some Australian audiences are very born&," says ■lis Janet Achurch, recently interviewed in Scotland. "Melbourne audiences are very uninteresting." Miss Elliott Page, whose cold, pure beauty, her turner and style of dress, and other attractions, has [^■nptivated Australians, is the authoress of several ^Bjrsmas. ^■ ir costs a West Australian manager over £40 to |Hjgiportan JE8 a week variety artist for a fortnight, ■lieloss of time is set down at two weeks, and the ■ Miss Marie Neilson—Mrs. Caleb Porter—of The ^Bjijno/T/te Cross company, is related to no fewer than H|iren clergymen, one of whom is a well-known ^Biitsionary and lecturer on the Holy Land. ■ Dan* Barry will shortly produce a startling drama ^Hnitten by a member of the English House of ^Hkds! Dan has1 a trunkful of ether dramas. |Hbng them is one written by Michael Davitt. ^^Hiss Ada Ferrar steadily refuses all social invitaon the ground of delicate health. She says j^Bptto attend a fashionable afternoon "at home" ^Hxcks her up for the performance in the evening. Me, M. Marcus—Mr. Rignold's former manager— ^Bks joined Mr. Harry Kickards' list of business imagers. Mr. Marcus could supply a variety item ^Biltie were wanted on emergency, as he has a capital ^B tenor voice, and is a good entertainer. The eccentricities of a manager concerning the ^mfttBsional well-being of his leading lady are eaus^■ugEome amusement in theatrical circles. Out of a course of affaires, the present is the hardest IB'b" on record. But the lady is really beoutiful. jgB "Tooi" Kennedy deserves a reserved seat in Para|9H lor looking after the poor in tne theatrical |B profession. It was he who got poor J oe Eyas, the ||B prompter, into the Melbourne Hospital, where he gHM oa Friday last, aged 71. Joseph Naphtali |j|B 1>S ffns a nou-conforining Jew. ■ to Australia it iB possible, says a home paper, for gin actress to obtain damages for assault if her stage IH jttetheart actually kisses her, instead of making iH jfhsve, during a performance. That is all the Lon||B m paper knows. An actor in Australia would SB jrfiabiy have some action taken against him if he |gfi Bot hiss his stage sweetheart. 11 > a'ss Nellie Stewart gave a supper lately in JM Won to several Australian friends. Among the B J55318 Wil3 Mr. Joseph Tapley, who sang and made ■'J"ch. during which he asked to be kindly remam j,. R ,ro(i to friends at the Antipodes, adding chat mm haed he were in the sunny south again. H li^AD ^033ra* Hollo way and Anderson carried out BBh. ^'^ution of arranging a dramatic season at ■ h»T?ibourne ^°y»i Christmas, Mr. George H was ,to have played lead. He stipulated ^BtIi.. ,8 Lilian Wheeler was to be engaged tor HB Uirough c^aracters* This, of course, has all fallen Bh vchl!S ^aU(T Beatty, the clever and handsome " boy AH (j/, tne Pollard. Company is a Cnriscchurcn ■ ftJSirl. it ia that when she joined the BBB voice,/ a^0Qt six years ago, she had hardly any ■B^nL speaking of, but by sheer hard work she BH tnuaual^ran What ic is to*^ay—a ricla contira IB %kn„8^"^nown squatters and four other e<l"a^ BH ioteith n business gentlemen entered an Adelaide P8 lichens 0tmer day *or a sherry and bitters before -T'll The lady at the counter—ft pw? arrival from Melbourne—did not know them, and wishing to be friendly looked up and said with a snSe « T suppose you ali belong to the Circus!" The Fitzgeralds look so very respectable. George Rignold, when asked by an lintcrviewnr 7 Rhln Gre future intentions, replied: " I think LlaU a poulfcry farm else start a newspaPer Newspapers are about the only thines thfeirlrdV^ "g° °ff" ia the warm we7ather 8? think I shall go into the bush and study fresh parts, and then come back to Sydney and aatoninh you with some Shakesperian productions." hA^"E,rea^ wife o£ aQ English professional is said to be on her way out, and there is likely to be some sprightly business for the lawyers. She heard of iudl8C0Jeredifc waaa bona fidQ marg • went to the office of an English theatrical paper to get the address of her missing spouse, and is now understood to have taken her passage, vowing to " make things hot." 8 Among the recent recruits to the London stage is Miss Nannie Bennett, of Melbourne. Owing to the indisposition of Miss Olive Hey gate, the part of Julie, In the Days of the Duke, was played a whole week last month and with very great success by Miss Bennett, who is a charming and accomplished girl of very striking beauty. She is a cousin of Sir John Madden and niece of Dr. O'Hara. Ballarat is revelling in Shakesperian drama. Last night the Ballarat Shakespeare Club produced Hamlet, and will repeat it to-night (Friday) under the direction of John Robson, who has for many years done much to create in Ballarat a love for the masterpieces of music and the drama. Mr. Kobson also plays the Ghost and Mr. W. L. Paine, Hamlet, whilst Mrs. Paine takes Ophelia. ! Poor Nellie Farren, broken down in health, ruined in pocket, and with little left of her old vivacity, has so moved the great heart of the London theatrical world that the Gaiety people are arranging a benefit. Somebody tried to buy back the Rothschild diamond necklace and raffie it for her, but nothing came of it. Nellie Farren is now | over sixty, with a heart full of sad memories and nothing to look forward to. A section of the Australians in London talk of giving her a money testimonial. It is not unlikely that old admirers in Melbourne and Sydney will tie asked to help. At all events the suggestion has been made. i An animated newspaper discussion has been going on in Paris on the all-important " Should Actresses Marry ?" and the result shows that the majority ofFrench actresses are decidedly against the desirability of the mairied state. One of the best known ladies says that no actress should take to herself a husband whilst actually on the stage, and another makes the somewhat sweeping assertion that " the life of the theatre is the very antipodes of conjugal life," and marriage ' is therefore to be studiously avoided by the theatrical profession. That English and Australian actors and actresses do not share their neighbors' aversion to the iuatrimonial--y'oke is evi-denced by the number of happy,^pgplga; Am.the stage. ' The week's sensation is the sudde'ri announcement of the Royal pantomime. It is undef 'M^ssrsc.Holloway and Anderson's name, but it is not their venture. Miss Maggie Moore, it is understood, is financing the affair, and will pay them a very handsome percentage for standing out of their lesseeship. during the run of the pantomime. There is only a month to prepare the piece, Dick Whittington and, His Cat, but already scores of hands are engaged in the work of building up. Mr. H. R. Roberts, the stage manager, arrives at the theatre about nine, leaving at three or four in the afternoon. Miss Maggie Moore's time is just as fully taken up, for there is a tremendous rush to secure new songs and novelties. The version will be different to the Dick Whittington of a couple of years ago. Among the minor Thespians who come to the front at Christmas, the pantomime is a real god-send, as it will provide a reliable month's work to two hundred people. If it has any luck, and why shouldn't it with Miss Moore as the star P the run may extend double that time. i This from the Sydney Daily TelegraphMr. ' Bernard Espinasse, whose merits as a playwright seem to be finding pretty general recognition, nas now had the good fortune to be 'taken up by a Londod firm, who are acting in con junction with Mr A T Watt, a well-known literary agent, of Norfolk-street, Strand. Mr. Espinasse has arranged a five years' partnership with a gentleman intimately connected with literary and dramatic affairs m London, whose business it will be to place his Pieces on the English market. One play, called A Daughter of Eve, has already been despatched, and another, a drama named A House of Cards, will follow in a week or two. A Daughter of Eve is a melodrama, the scenes of which are located in India, and though written some time ago, curiously enough foreshadows* fmtier tribal revolt bow proceeding. Mr. Espinasse being abonfc the only Australian playwright who ' keeps going,' the development of his plans will be watched with great interest here." The "Biograph" Company at the Bijou have established themselves in popularity, and the attendances are excellent. The English prima donna, Miss Lilian Tree, now sings the great Trovatore duet in the Misererescene, Mr. Fred. Duncan being the tenor. The operatic extract has given great pleasure, for Miss Tree's proficiency as an artist is a guarantee for an excellent rendering of this and similar items. Miss Fanny Wentworth's musical sketch has caught the public fancy in a way that other entertainers might envy. French, German, and English songs and musical imitations, with the true spirit of light comedy running through everything, keep the listeners wondering and admiring. The sleight of hand feats of Professor Charles Morritt, his perplexing " Convict's Escape," and the rapid figure problem of Miss Lilian Morritt, are the three principal features of a seance that is full of novelty. The Biograph pictures still occasion great delight, their completeness being the talk of the whole city. Miss Lottie Moore and Mr. Bellwood supply a lively turn, and Mr. Hugh Emuiett's ventriloquism, Mr. Sydney Deane's singing, Little Alma Gray and Master Arthur Sherwin keep the programme varied. The full Biograph Company appear at the matinees. The Frank Thornton Company are turning money away from the doors during their season at Perth, and as there are few rehearsals, members individually are enjoying a " picnic"-ing kind of existence, which gives them the whole day to do nothing in. Crab catching, or " crabbing," as it is locally called, is a popular amusement, the one making the highest total being banquetted in a mild way after the performance. The highest record yet is 120 crabs in one hour and a half,—the average of two a minute, —and there was great rejoicing at the supper in the evening, to say nothing of the nightmares that followed! Everybody felt the six days' journey to Perth severely. They told the captain that his boat would roll in a tank. But bright, busy Perth cheered them up wonderfully, and though they landed m the morning more dead than alive through sea sickness, they were all in form for the evening. The season is supposed to end to-morrow, but the business is so good as to cause Mr. Thornton to arrange for another week. An odd few days will probably be spent at Fremantle, the company hurrying back to Sydney to open on Boxing night. Only a fortnight of the Adelaide season has been given, I and the Broken Hill dates, which were " pencilled," have been set aside for the present. As matters stand now, Adelaide is to be revisited in June. Mb. Harry Eickards' company at the Opera House is strengthened by a quartette of people who are experts in their business. Mr. Frank Leon's dancing is of that rhythmic kind which has a step not only for every note of music, but according to the way that note is played. As the same note can be treated in twenty different ways by a clever musician, so Mr. Leon can change the expression of his steps. He can play a tune with his feet. Miss .Lizzie Kirk, soubrette, serio-comic and dancer supplies an agreeable turn of the usual kind. Mr. Chas. Dillon's sketch proveB his talents as a character vpcaliat. Miss Doily Eicon is smart and'graceful in a,'variety interlude. The duologue and duett which ,'introduce Mr. Athas and Miss Collins are the Vehicle for some sprightly singing and dancing from'both, Miss Collins meanwhile keeping up her reputation for tasteful dressing. The Lucifers, notwithstanding the comment and astonishment they, have created, keep their turns fresh and novel. To lend special distinction to the week's bill at the Opera House. Mr. Eickards has brought Mr. Philip .Newbury down from the Bijou, and the throng of admirers that follow this star tenor wherever he goes are delighted to listen to his rendering of old ballads. " Come into the Garden Maud" is one out of a Bcore of favourites that keep music in the heart as well as in the mind. The balance of the company is composed of such clever people as Mr. Charles Cogill, Mr. Whitburn, Little Ivy Scott, Miss Ada Baker, Mr. Fred. Duncan, Mr. Bradley and many others, all of whom give brightness to the Wednesday matinee. Mss Elsie Lander, "the young American actress," who is said to be a very near relative of Kitchen, the New Zealand journalist, who recently brought an action for libel against the redoutable John Norton, of Sydney, is described by the Queensland Sportsman as "a charming little lady, whose photos do not do her justice. Her great charm lies in the vivacious and constantly changing expression of her face. Her large brown eyes are most expres- sive, and match in tint her wavy brown hair. The first feeling upon being introduced to Miss Lander is one of surprise that so young a lady should be in management." Miss Lander told her interviewer that her family came to Australia some six years ago, and at their urgent request she abandoned the stage and came to the colonies with them. For a few months she devoted herself to other pursuits, and then serious misfortune led to a return to the boards. "But," asked her interviewer, "You did not then appear on the Australian stage?" "No," re- plied Miss Lander,"simply because managers would not have me—except at an absurd salary which I declined. I saw artistes who had been supers and chorus girls in the very theatres I had played parts at being imported and paid high salaries. Yet I and others, perhaps better artistes than myself, on the spot were refused even a chance to show what talent we had. So finally, I went to New York, taking with me five plays by an Australian author—works which local managers refused to read, but which seemed to me far and away better than most of the imported material." The Australian plays of which Miss Lander thinks so highly are said to have been written by Kitchen, her very near relative. A management may hesitate over the new school of Irish drama, but never over The Colleen Bawn, provided of course that Eily O'Connor and Mylesna-Coppalleen are played by skilful and sympathetic artists. Throughout the colonies no one .could be found to grasp the character of Eily more' completely than Miss Maggie Moore. It might have been written for her. Better still, her voice retains all its old sweetness, and power to charm, and surely no prima donna ever gave such coy expression to " The Pretty Girl Milking Her Cow." The rollicking " Cruiskeen Lawn" is sung with such verve as to recall the palmy days of "The Lily of Killarney." Mr. H. ft. Roberts brings out all the humour of Myles-na-Coppalleen in the light and delicate fashion that he alfects, and he makes his acting doubly forceful by ignoring a mass of mouldy old by-play that has grown up around the part. In Mr. J. P. West (Danny Mann) is seen one of the grand old type of utility actors who learnt their business in a stern school. They were expected to play any possible part at a minute's notice—and they did, or they would not have survived. This kind of training gave little .chance for finish, but it made the actors alert and thorough in their (performance. And for thoroughness, alertness, and breadth of effect it would be hard to find a better man than Mr. West. The younger members of the company might advantageously study his methods. Miss Laura-Roberts has the wish and the will to play Anne Chute, and though she has not the pbysiquefor the part, she has plenty of fire. Thesug. geBtion of the brogue is neatly managed. Miss Maggie Ford is a good Sheelab, and Miss Blanche Lewis is impressive as Mrs. Cregan, Mr. Maxwell, Mr. Esmelton, Mr. Russell, and Mr. Rivers attend to other well-known characters. The Colleen Bawn is famous for its views of Killarney, and the audiences of the week have not been disappointed with Mr. George Campbell's arrangement of the scenery—the water cave of the second act being singled out for warm applause. To-night will be the last of the revival. To-morrow (Saturday) Miss Moore reverts to the Mascotte of several months ago—the Trilby burlesque—which everybody awaits with much pleasant anticipation. Mr. Edmund Finn has added several new points, though he has not altered the principal features of the travesty. Svengali will be personated as before by Mr. Roberts. 