if 1b .Jktat^m^ Tlje, Weapons of Mystery. 'j\\- ' DAIIK DREAMS AND NIGHT SHADOWS. ' I Bnppo&e; I mast have gone on blindly \ for some time, for when. I again became ' conscious I stood 'beside a river, while tall trees waved} their ' leafless .branches overhead. StraDge Noises filled the air. Sometimes wailing sounds were wafted to me, which Dvosontlv chanced into hisses, until it seemed |as if a thousand serpents were ^creeping all around me. The waters of the river looked black, while above me were weird, fantastic forms loaping in the stillness of the night. Ifo words were spoken, no language was uttered) save'that of wailing and hissing, and gthat somehow was indistinct, as if it exi8tei:ir4.Jan,cy_flnd:.hot. In .1 reality _' By-and-by, however, I heard a voice. ' Onward 1' it said, and I became nn concious. Again' I realized my existence in a vague shadowy way. I stood beneath the ruined .walls of an Eastern temple. Huge columns .-. arose itt, the air, sur mounted by -coloafal architraves, Awhile the ponderousWtones :of : which the tein ? ' pie was built wore' covered with lichen. Largo gray lizards crawled in and but among 'the' crevices of the rocks, and ?_ /seemed to laugh as they sported amidst what was once the expression of a great v religions system, but whicb/^wak. now .. terrible in its weird desolation. By and by , the great; building seemed # to .assume its original sb'' . and beoame. inhabited by \ihiJr , [? priests, who ministered f' ' ?'-'-? --pe came to worship -»'fl robed but they .*-^ ???.; ??':? S ; : :.o the people who sav1* , ,. . - ,i, I watched eagerly, »rtded away, leaving nothing .. «ne feeling that a terribe presence filled the place. I heard a noise behind ; I turned and saw Kaffar, his black eyes shining, while in his hand he held a gleaming knifer Helifted-it above his head as if to fatrike ; but I bad the strength oE ten men, and I hurled him from me. He looked at me with a sav , age leer./ ?- \ \ ; ',, ?? ' ; ..; ' Onward !' said a distant, voice, The temple vanished, ; and with it all my realization 'of life* save a vague fancy that I was moving somewhere, I knew not where. - I stood by a well-remembered spot. 1 was by the side of Drearwatcr Pond. Around me was a stretch .of ? common land, on y?hichgrew heather and furze. In front of me were noiseless waters, a dismal sight at the best of tiires, but awfuras'I 'saw them. 'Across the pond in the near distance loomed the dark fir trees. USTo sound broke the stillness ? of the night. The wind had gone to re9t, the tnoonshone dimly f roaa behind the misty clouds. I stood alone. Each minute my surroundings became more real; I ..recognised more clearly the objects that had struck me during my first visit, while the Btories which had been told came back to me with terrible distinctness. I remembered how it had been said that the pond had no bottom, and that.it was haunted by the spirits of those that had been murdered. The story of its evil influence came back to me, and in my bewildered condition I wondered .whether there was not some truth in what had ben said. '?-.-?'.? ?'. . What wasHhat? - ? ' Tho^waters moved ; distinctly moved near to where I stood, and from thoir dark depths something appeared— I could not at first tell what. What could it be ? A monster . of frightful mien ? the ghost of some mur dered man or woman? I could have ?' believed in either, juat then. It was , neither. ,...-..,- What then! ..:?... A human' hand, large and shapely, appeared distinctly on the surface . of the ' - pond. SJothiDg more, not even the wrist to which it might be attached. It did not beckon, or indeed move. at all ; it was as still as the hand of death. I stood motionless and watched, while the ontlibo of the hand became more ; clear ; ' tbon I gave un awful shudder. The hand was red. I gave a. shriek, and for a time, re membered nothing more.' I 'awoke to consciousness* fighting. At first it seemed . as if I was fighting with a phantom, bat gradually my oppo nent became more real to me.; It was Kaffar. I had only a dim hazy idea of what I was doing, except that I sought to wrest from his hand a knife. We clutched each other savagely, and mraatlaA Hiorfl nil tllfl P.flffB of thfl DODO Weights seemed to bang upon my limbs, but I felt the stronger of the two. Gradually I knew I was mastering him —then all was a blank. A sound of voices. A flash of light. A feeling of freedom, and I was awake. . Where ? Still by Dreurwater Pond. No phantoms, no shadow, nothing unreal, save the memory, of that which I have but dimly described. That was but as a terrible nightmare — an awful dream. Where was Kaffar ? I could not tell. Certainly he was ? not near ; but two other forms stood by me, one bearing a lantern. ' Is it yon, Justin 7' said a voice. ''It is I, Tom,' I said, looking vacantly around.J ' And where is Kaffar 7' said another voice, which, I recognized as Voltaire's. ' Kaffar ? I — do not know.' ',? But you havo been together.' II Have we?' I eaid vacantly. 1 ' You know you have. What is that in your band 7' I bad scarcely known what I bad been saying or doing up to this time, but as no spoke I looked at my hand. In the light of the moon I saw a knife red with blood, and my hand, too, was also discoloured. '.What docs this mean?' cried Voltaire. 'I do not know.' I am dazed — be- wildered.' , , . . '' lint that is Kafifai'8 knife. I know ^^ymWbing. Nereis . . 'Is. it ..true fl X-rememljor . saying, ilove we been together T Voltaire picked np something from tiie ground and looked at it. 'Kagar's ' fla said. 'Look, Mr. Blake; do yoa recognise this 7' I .looked and saw a finely worked neckclotb, on which was written in- Ara bic characters the words ? V Aba Wady Kaffar;'!. It had every- appearance of being soiled by severe wrenching, and on it wore spots1. of blood. Mp faculties ware rapidly returning to me, yet I stp^jj hg. oae ra. av dreamt (Tobe Continued.) ? 