TH.E AERIOULTURIB? THE DAIRY FARMER. (By W. B. Hoard, Editor "Hoard's Dairyman." U.S.) A wonderfully great and complex in terest is this modern dairy industry It is a long line of intricate problems, from the cow in the stable on the humble farm home, up through the modern cheese factory or creamery, the modern refrige rator car, the modern railroad, the great army of middlemen, jobbers, and dealers, the modern cold storage warehouse, the modern ocean steamship-a great floating refrigerator, another army of jobbers and dealers, to the mouth of the final consumer across the water. Every step of this wonderful food high way, after the milk leaves the cow, is lit up with the intense light of modern ideas, modern methods, modern economies. No-. thing ancient anywhere on the line but old ocean. Yet this great interest rests upon the cow, back there in the farm stable. She is in the hands of the farmer. Every thing in this great procession must wait for him. Science, invention, capital and enterprise have done about all they can do for the fate of his product. Now what will he do for himself ? We have come to a point where the future fate of American dairying (that is. the dairying of Canada and the United States) rests , on the way the farmer .will adapt himself to the necessities of .the hoer.. - - . - . Believe me, this great dairy interest, both in Canada and the United States, is now in the greatest peril of its whole history. Only one man can decide its fate. That is the farmer. The oncoming march of competition from every side; the rapid development of the industry in Australia, New Zealand, South America; the progress of invention in the way of improved machinery, cold storage, cheap rail and ocean transportsa tion; tha prospective opening of dairy production in northern Europe and Asia- all point to a great increase of the supply of dairy food in one form or another. In the meantime the foreign demand is still in old lines and channels, and mostly confined to England. Now, most of this march of progress and improvement applies to the dairy product after it leaves the farm, not before. It is this stubborn fact, so dinly seen by the farmer, which has caused me great solicitude. The - chain is no stronger than its weakest link. Think of this: As a whole, the Canadian and United States.dairy farmers are producing milk as expensively as they ever did. Beyond the farmer, a wonderful reduc tion in expense has taken place in twenty five years. But the majority of cow far mers.are just where they were twenty-five years ago. Unless these sleeping farmers wake up pretty soon they will be forced out of the business. The merciless march of competition must apply to them as it does to every other man. They will be ground to powder between two great millstones. The progress and improvement in the cost of producing milk, and the consequent butter and cheese, in other countries, together with cheap, safe, and quick transportation therefrom to the con suming market-this is the upper mill stone. The nether is a steady and unyielding refusal, on thepart of the farmer, to study how to reduce the cost of producing milk to a point that will defy foreign competi tion; how best to accommodate himself to the overmastering demand for cheaper dairy food; how to put more and more in y sad calaotatloa.iato the cos? inlbor:- and. capital per .hundred pounds is just as great with ninety farmers out of every one hundred to-day as it was twenty- five years ago. He must make up his mind and shape his methods to produce milk at a large per cent. less of cost per hundred pounds, or he will be forced to quit the business. I say to you that, in my belief, a large per cent. of the distress and complaint among our farmers is not alone because of hard times, but because they have not learned the great lesson of the age, which is cheaper production. Every other link in this great chain is adjusting itself to this great lesson. That is the only way they keep up their profit. The moment the milk leaves the farm it goes out on a new road, where an intelli gent, vigilant watch is kept over every sent. of expense, to see that that cent. does its largest work. Is the farmer doing this with the milk before it leaves the farm ? Now, there are three leading,factors in this problem which the farmer must keep in constant consideration, as guide lines. They are: (1.) The cow. What must she be ? and how fed and handled ? (2.) The farm. What must that be ? How managed ? (3). The result. The cost of milk per 1 hundred pounds. I am so confident of this that I would almost be willing to guarantee an increase of from 50 to 100 per cent. in the profits of every dairy farmer in Canadainside of five years if he would guide, himself by the best modern thought on each of these three points. You may have the best cows in the world, but if you manage them badly you will fail. You may be the most skilful feeder, but if you have poor cows to con sume your food you will fail. You may have both good cows and good skill as a feeder, yet, if you are a poor soil manager and do not grow the milk-food crops wisely, do not keep up the fertility and producing power of your farm, you will fail again. tross the border into New York, and I will show youtheworkings of these mighty truths in the old dairy districts there. I will show you an absolute depreciation of the fertility of the soil in the last forty years, so that hundreds of farms cannot produce within 30 or 50 per cent. as much eswcsgod as thefoyfermerly id. prevail as to cows and farm managem'ent, and I will show you a constant increase in the price of farm lands for the past thirty years. The result stares every man in the face: How much does my milk cost me per 100 pounds ? It is a ghost that will not down. Every poor cow makes its cost more. Every per cent.indecline of productiveness in your soil makes it cost more. The market for butter and cheese never asks what your milk costs you. It does not care. It supposes you are wise enough to ask it for yourself. Are you ? The market is only concerned about two things: The amount offered and the quality. Nine out of ten farmers are look ing at the market elid, when they should be looking at the cost end. The fate that has overtaken New York threatens Canada. The natural tendency of cheese-farming, nearly everywhere, as I see it, and as it has been conducted, is towards a reduction in the dairy quality of the cow, and a steady impoverishment of the soil. It should not be so; it does not need to be so. It comes from two causes : (1). A wrong system of cheese making; receiving milk by weight and not by quality. As a consequnence the farmer is forced out of the channel of cow improve ment,land improvement, brain and method improvement, into a condition of indif ference as to these things. (2). A wrong estimate by the farmer as to the true basis of the production of milk. Just; the minute he braces up and says to himself, " Henceforth I will produce milk by the cow," and " by the acre," then you will see him striding towards the great goal of true profit-i low- cost of'milk per; lOOpounds. . Then you will see him wake up to the idea of producing a good cow for-himself. Then you will see him studying the deep problems of scientific feeding. Then you will see him bending his mind to the study of soil enrichment and the production of the largest amount of the best food possible. 'Then, too, you will see him snap his fingers in the face of all foreign competitors, for he can make milk cheaper than the cheapest. I pay no attention to the cheese factory or creamery. They are not causes; they are results. The great problem that is upon us is not:. What shall we pay for making cheese or butter ? nor is it, What shall we get a pound for cheese or butter? -For what man among us, by taking thought unto himself, can change the great market rate a penny. But it is: How can T, as a farmer, make as much profit at 50 cents a hundred as I once did at 100 ? There is, however, light ahead on this question, if we will but seek it. 