THE WARRENHE I P ELECTORATE. GORDON, Saturday. Mr. P. O'Day, candidate for Warrenheip, addressed a meeting here Inst niglit, Cr. Barclay in the chair. Mr. O'Day said he was a strong supporter of the Turner Go- vernment, which was deserving of every assistance and sympathy. In regard to fede ration, he was a warm supporter of it, atnr considered it not necessary at present to draft an ideal constitution, all required being the protection of political, religious and commercial liberty. He was in favor of suspending the stock tax, or modifying it, on the ground that it was tne cause of the" present high price of incat. Losses of stock through the drought could only be replaced from the border colo nies, and' the tax should be suspended for a time in the interests of consumers, farmers and "miners. The Mining Bill v....-, a luusf valuable measure, and he hoped it would become law before the House dissolved. On the railways, he approved of the re trenchment effected by the Turner Govern ment. He trusted Mr." Mathicson, when op portunity offered, would reduce freights and tares. He favored the penny postage. Tie would try to induce the Government to place a sum out of next mining grant to help to develop the Gordon mines. A vote of confidence in the candidate was carried. B1UCHIP, Saturday. A meeting of electors this afternoon formed a committee to secure Mr. Taver- ncr's return, with Mr. Honan permanent chairman and Mr. Gorrie secretary. MILDURA, Saturday. At a meeting of electors last night a re solution of confidence in Mr. J. M . Taver- ner, Minister-. of Agriculture, was carried, and the support of tiie meeting was pledged to him. A vote of thanks to the Turner Government' for the interest it lias shown in tiie welfare of Mildunt was passed, and a committee was appointed to secure Mr. Taverner's return. XII1LL, Saturday. Mr. C. C. Salmon, M.L.A., addressed a gathering of farmers this afternoon under the auspices of the local branch of the A.X.A. He explained tiie draft Common wealth Bill, and said that federation would sweep away border duties, and that a uni form protective policy would have to he adopted by federated Australia against the world. He was accorded a vote of thanks. SERPENTINE, Saturday. The candidature of Air. Max Ilirsch for Mandurang, as against the sitting member, Mr. O'Neill, is regarded here as a farce. At Elmore last niglit, Mr. Ilirsch said that the cause in which lie took his stand was that of the farmers, who would hail with delight his success. In this neighborhood leading free-trade farmers are very decided in their opinions that Mr. Hirscli has not tlio ghost of a c-hancc, nnd state' that they will not support him. There is a rumor that Mr. Thompson Moore is to become a candidate, but it lacks confirmation. 