VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. I COBPUS CHRISTI. COBPUS CHRISTI. I On Thursday next, 17ih inst., the Feast of Corpus Christi, which is a holiday of obligation, will be observed with impressive ceremonial. At the city and suburban churches Masses will be celebrated at the usual hours, as on holidays, and there will be devotions in the vening at 7.30. THE CATHEDRAL . On Pentecost Sunday High Mass, oram archiepiscopo, ^ . was sung g in o. St. atrick's Cathedral at 11 a.m. by the ery Rev. Dean M'Kenna ; deacon, Rev. . Walsh; sub-deacon, Rev. J. M'Carthy. There was a large congregation. After the first Gospel, the Archbishop preached on the descent of the Holy Ghost on the Apostles. His Grace, in speaking of the effect of the descent of the Holy Spirit on the infant Church, exhorted his hearers to be faithful in the observance of the commandments of God, for if they were the promise of Our Lord in that day s Gospel would be fulfilled in their regard : _«' If any man love Me, My Father will love him, and We will come to him, and make Our abode with him." At the conclusion of the High Mass the ie Archbishop, who was attended m _ at the throne " by the XUF Very -IT- Rev. *RAYT T. T Lynch, T.<OT>AVI. im parted the Papal Benediction. ANNIVERSARY OF T H E MOST REV. DB. GOOLD, O.S.A. Next Tuesday morning the tenth anniversary of the Most Rev. Dr. G°° ld O.S.A., will be celebrated in the Cathedral. The Office for the Dead, to be j followed by Requiem High Mass- will begin at 10.30 a.m. BT PATRICK'S SODALITY OF T H E B.V.M. The Weekly meeting of the Sodality ef the B.V.M. was held in the lecture haU of St. Patrick's College on Friday, 4th inst. The prefect. Dr. A. L, Kenny was °the reading- naner proved to be of a highly interesting and" instructive character. The subjeot was" treated in an effective manner, and the problem which has exercised the minds of Shakespearian students was reviewed from various standpoints. During the delivery of his address Mr. Hoare recited several passages from the play, including the famous soliloquy, with considerable effect, and at its conclusion was loudly applauded. A brief but animated diBcnfesion followed, in which Dr. Kenny, the Rev. T. CahiU, S J and several other members took part! and the proceedings were brought; to a close with a cordial vote of ihanksto | Mr. Hoare for bis very urtewttng Iftddreu ST. GEORGE'S, CARLTON. On Sunday morning last, at the 11 'clock Mass, the Rev. J. H. O'Connell nnounced that there would be a meeting f the congregation on next Sunday. 13tta ane, after the 11 o'clock Maes, in t.' George's Hall, to make arangements in connection with the aying of the foundation stone of the roposed new church by the Archbishop. r. O'Connell said that the sum in hand or the building of the church amounted o £7500, but although they had so much oney, that should not prevent the parishioners from contributing generously towards the project. For the past 16 years they had not been called on to contribute to the erection of any church or other building, consequently it was not too much to expect that during the next twelve months they would raise the sum of £2000 required, with the £7500, to complete the new building. OBSEQUIES OF A PIONEEB COLONIST. A Solemn Office and Requiem MSBS for the repoBe of the soul ot Mr. Laurence Egan, father of the Rev. J. J. Egan,. Flemington, and Mr. L. P. Egan, West Melbourne, took place at St. Joseph's R.C. Church, Collingwood, on Monday last, 7th inst. The office was chanted by about 40 priests from the various parishes round the metropolis, viz. :— Rev. P. Phelan and J. M'Arter (Collingwood), Rev. G. Byrne (Williamstown), Dr. Graber and Rev. M. Brady (South Melbourne), Revs. R. Collins and O'Gorman (Clifton Hill), Dr. Kelly and P. H. Boyle (Fitzroy), Rev. J. Cowley, O.C.C., and J. Scanlan, O.C.C., Rev. J. Manley and Fouhey (Footscray), Rev. T. Quinn (Carlton), Rev. P. J. Ay)ward and Rev. O'Reilly (West Melbourne), Rev. M. Watson, S.J., Rev. MInroe, 8.J., Rev. C. Cleary, S.J., Rev. Quinn, C.M., Rev. O'Reilly, C.M., Rev. J. Carroll (West St. Kilda), Rev. P. Fallon and Rev. L. Martin (St. Francis'), Rev. O'Reilly (Northcote), Rev. C. Sheehan (Flemington), Rev. J. Walshe and J. M'Carthy (St. Patrick's Cathedral), Rev. Gleeson (Brunswick), Rev. J. Benson (South Tarra), etc., etc. The Mass was celebrated by Rev. J. Egan, son of the deceased ; Rev. G. Byrne, deacon; Rev. J. M'Arter, sub-deacon; and Rev. J. Walshe, master of ceremonies. Revs. J. Carroll and Manley acted as chanters during during the mo Mass. uj-ooD. The funeral -—--—- arrange- \- - , ntB were admirably carried out by Mr, j o h n Daj ey_ with the death of the deceafjed has passed away one of the linkg that conneet the founding of the colony with the present day. Arriving in Melbourne the very year of its establishment—1837—and having been a resident of the city almost constantly ever since, he witnessed the rapid development of the colony after the dis- covery of ui gold g""* in 1851. J.^-- He —- was _-- . present , ftt th£ wing of the foundation stone of gt Francj„' Church, and at the ordination of' the firBt p ri e8t in Victoria. He was a B ctator 0f a great battle between two h^Bt|ii e trib ea of blacks near where the Melbourne Gaol now stands, an encounter \- n which BeVeral were killed. The deceaged frequently heard Mass in old St. Patrick. Bi a rather primitive wooden building on the site of the present noble and mB; eBtiecathedral. Though he never took active part in politics, he was Btrongi v averse to the provisions of the ; Edncat^on Act 0f 1872, and from that till the time of his death never failed contribute regularly towards the support of the Catholic schools, or to assist r gv good work connected with tne Church. He died as he lived, a devout Catholic, . fortified , J in hi.^fflr !,;« lnot hour bv the Sacraments and b l e ^ M g / ^ y Church. R.I.P. ( _ - ' ST. MARY'S, WILILAMSYQWN. ; ^ ' On Sunday, 13th inst.^he ^hbishon ill administer the Sacratneirf^Co^ d firmation rmauon lu in St. _ Mary's ^yij ftmBtown, at 2 p.m. GEELONG. ' V - ^ - » Y A largely attended meetings-Mi. Mary's Young Men's Society was hdffja MARY S TOUUG « „_.„_:-,„ TH« the ?choolroomJast Mond^venmg^e spiritual Rector (Rev Fr.J-Jj J present.. A^ notice^oi ™ ^ „ « inserting ^e 3 3 in £ S was carried. Mr. D. C«K.ney moved that the press correspondent. requested to furnish "ports to the "Advocate," which was agreed m S'Connell brought forward a no£oe yVrTntinn—That at the next general consist only of honorary members, ana that a member shall not. occupy office Sr more than two terms in auccess.on Nominations of -office- bearers for th^ I m torm were, reived. Sever*. lere remrred unopposed, and for tb* remainder a ballot will be fcken at the next meeting! 