".A WONDERFUL WOMAN; on, THE: DANGERFIIELD MYSTERY, BY lIRS. MAY AGNES FLEII.NG. (HAPTER XII.--(Continued). The storm had come with the new day; rain and sleet beat the glass,-the Wind howled* dismally 'around the *0house and up and dowsn the draughty passagye. Mr Dantree scowled at the distant prospect. Atmospheric influ enc'es did not affect him' much, as a rule; but they affected him to-day. I suppose the least sensitive of human -<beings likes bright sunshine, balmy breezes, and cloudless skies, for his wedding day. Mr.Dantree cursed the weather, cursed the pursuing memory that drove him from his bed, cursed his own folly in lettriig his superstitious fears trouble him, and, having finished his litany, produced a -smoke-colored blottle of French brandy, a case of Ma nillas, and flung himself into an easy chair before the still smouldering fire. S He primed himself with eau do vie un til the breakfast bell rang, and then descended to meet his host and his sister, and get the vapors of the night dispelled.In their socelty. Miss Talbot departed for Scarswood almost- immediately after breakfast. Mrr Dantree escorted her .to tile car riage, and moodily watched her drive away. I suppose I am to give your love to Katherine?" the young lady said, gaily. "And I suppose we won't see you until the hour? Try and wear a less dolorous face, signor. when you do present your self. It's a serious occasion, beyond doubt, but not even matrimony can war rant so gloomy a countenance as that." How the long, Interminable hours of that day wore on Gaston Dantree never afterwards knew. Something was going to happen-he simply felt that--what, he did not know. Marie might come, or she might not; but whether or not, some thing would happen. The dark, sleety hours dragged slowly along. IIe smoked furiously; he drank more brandy'than Swns at all prudent or usual for bride grooms; he went in and out in a restless fever that would not let him sit down. .He paced up and down the leafless aisles, the sleet driving sharply in his face, the keen wind piercing him-for hle was of a chilly nature. Were presentiments true? None had ever troubled him before. Was it a guilty conscience? It was the first time he ever realised he had a con science; or was it a worse demon than either-the gloomy fiend of Indigestion? "A sluggish liver has made men blow theil'brains out before now, and a dys peptic stomach has seen ghosts. Pre sentiments are sentimental htumbugs. It's the heavy dinners at Scarswood and the French cookery at Morecambe, com bined with a leaden sky and a miserable December day. If the infernally long day were ended and the bridal hour come, I should feel all rlght,'I know." : His host watched him curiously front the window, wandering- about in the storm like an unquiet spirit. Bride g'rooms may be restless as a rule on the happy day, but not such restlessness as this. "There's something on that fellow's * mind," the young Sussex squire thought. "He has the look to-day of a man who is hfraid, and I don't think he's a coward as a rule. I've thought from the first this marriage would be a bad job, and it's no end of a pity. She's such a trump of a girl-little Kathie--no nonsense about her, you know, rides to: hounds like a born Nimrod-ess, dances like. a fairy, plucky and thoroughbred from top to toe. And she's going to throw herself away on this fellow, for no reason under heaven but that he's got a good-looking face. Hang it all! Why did I ever bring him down to Morecambe, orb why atherine Dangerfield be "sich a Hasn't a wife already out InfNew Or leans?" - Some time after noon the bridegroom elect flung himself on his bed and fell heavily asleep. He did not dream this time; he slept-for hours-the beneficial effect of French brandy, no doubt. The short, dark day had faded entirely out the candles were lighted, and Squire Tal bhot's man stood over him adjuring him to rise. "Beg pardon, sir, for disturbing you, but master's orders, sir, and It's after four, Mr Dantree, sir, and time, master ?says, to get up and dress. And master's orders, sir, is that I'm to assist you." M: r Dantree leaped from the bed. -Four o'clock and time to dress.' No more end less hours to think and fidget=-that was a comfort, at least. -"How's the weather now, Lewis?" he asked.. "Storm held up any? No, I see it has not Rather worsn, if anything. IWhere's the squire?" "In his room, sir-dressing, sir. Per raft me to do that, Mr Dantree, sir, If you please. Dinner's to be an hour and a half earlier than usual, sir, on this oc casion. You'll 've just time to' dress, and no more." Lewis was an adept in his business. -At half- past four Mr Dantree descended to dinner in full evening suit-white 'waistcoat, diamond studs, dress coat, shiny boots-robed for the sacrifice. He and the squire dined tete-a-tete, and quickly. Neither ate much --bolth were nervous and silent. - "What the deuce ever made me bring the fellow down?" tue squire kept thlnk ing moodily, casting gloomsy glances athwart the tall epergne of Iliou'ers be .tw'een them. A?nd "Will anything happen, after \- all?" the brldegrodom kept saying over Sand over. "Will the heiress of Scars wood be my wife to-morrow morning, Sor will somelthlng prevent it at the .eleventh hour, and expose me? It would be just my usual infernal luck." He went back to his room after din ner. They had not lingered, and it was still only a few minutes after five So'clock. A quarter before seven would be early enough to arrive at ScarswoOd, and run the gauntlet of three-score curious eyes. "I wish it were over,",he exclaimed, aloud, almost savagely. "i wouldn't undergo such an ordeal again for all the heiresses In Gdht Britain." "It is a nervous business," a voice il -the doorway responded; "but take , courage. There's many a . slip, you " . know, and though it wants barely twio \- h, lotl's to the time, you may escape the I. maitriidnfal noose after all." Oaston Dantree swung round wlthl ai oath. There, in the doorway, stood Peter S" Danigerfield. *, "I beg your pardon, Mr Dantrqe," -te Slawyer said, glibly, coming ln,sand shit Sti-ngjhe ibor. '"You don't look pleasedl pt see me, but that is not to be won dered at." , " *Wherever did you spring from?" \- Mr Dantree demanded, angrily. - . "I sprang from nowhere-I've given up gymnastics. I-drove over from Castle Sford in the rain, on important buisiness S--important business.to you. ' A quar Stor-past five''-he diew out his watch "and I see you are all dressed for the ceremony. That gives us an hUr- and three-quarters--plenty of. time for what I want you to do." - - "What - you -- want - me -- to --dlo. M'r Dangerfield. I confess I am at a loss \- - -" ' -. S"'lb 'understand me-exactly.-qulte natural that you should, and all that. I'll explain. ' Circumstances have come to light concerning Sir John Dangerfleld and-well-and thle young lady you-are going to marry. As a friend of yours, Mr Dantree, I consider it would be a shamefuil deception to let the marriage go on while you are in ignorance Of those circumstances. Sir, you have been grossly deceived--we have all been, and .-bunt it Is impossible for me to explaln. 'Thereby hangs a tale, and all that whiich I don't wish to tell. The person who told me is waiting at Castleford to tell you. I drove here at-once-my trap Sls ilitlng outside now. I made my way to your room unanonoihnced. I know the house, and I want you to put on 226 your hat and great-coat and come with - me to Castleford at once."- Gaston Dantree stood very.pale, Its-? teing : 'to this I lengthy- and rapid 1 harangue.` His presentiments were all t true, then --? omething was 'going to occur. At the last hour the glittering prize for which- he had fought, and which he had won, was to be snatched front him. His lips were set hard, and there Was in his black eyes a dull red glow not good to see. But he kept his temper-under all circumstances it ws the rule of his life to keep that. "Mr Dangerfleld," -he said, " will you be so good as to open the mysteries a little? Your speech sounds melo dramatic-and I don't care for melo drama off the boards. Why'am I to go to Castleford? What are the circum stances? Whom am I to meet, and how have we all been decei?ed? Do you wish to insinuate anything against -Miss I Dangerfield?" "Not a word-not a syllable. She Is blameless, and I'don't wish to stop your marriage. Heaven, forbid! No one will wish you joy two hours' hence, when the ceremony is over, more sin- ° cerely than I." - Gaston Daritree looked at him, stag- " gered a little. The marriage Nas not to be stopped, then. He drew a long, t tense breath of relief. - "This is all very strange. I wish you t would explain. I'll go with you to Cas tleford-it will kill'the intervening time f as well as anything else-but I'd rather f not go in the dark." I "You must. Take my word for it, Dantree, it is necessary . It is impos- I sible for me to tell you-I am bound by I oath. Come with men-come! I swear t you shall be at Scarswood by seven o'clock." For a moment Dantree stood Irreso lute. Then curiosity overcame every i other.feeling. He seized his hat and coat with a slight laugh. "'e it so, then. Lead on, as they say in novels, I follow-and, my good fellow, drive like the very deuce." - lie ran lightly down stairs ; Peter Dangerfield followed. There was a flush on the lawyer's sallow, parchment cheeks, a fire in his dim, near-sighted eyes, all unusual there. They met no one. Tile squire was still in his room, the servants were busy. The lamps of Mr Dangerileld's trap loomed like two fiery eyes in the stormy blackness. Dan tree leaped in, Dangerfield followed, snatched up the reins, and sped away like the wind. It was a silent drive. It was all Peter Dangerfleld could do to hold the reins and make his way through the double darkness of night and storm. Gaston Dantree sat with folded arms waiting. What was he to hear? where was he going? whom was he to see? A strange adventure, this, surely, on a man's wed ding night. The lights of Castleford gleamed through the sleet, the dull cannonading of the sea on the coast came to them above the shrieks of the wind. In five minutes they had driven up before an inn, the two men sprang out, an ostler took charge of the conveyance, and Peter Dangerfleld, with a brief " This way, Dantree," sprang swiftly up the stairs, and rapped at ma door on the first landing. It was opened instantly, and Gaston Dantre saw-Mrs Vavasor. She was magnificently dressed to night. A rich robe of purple silk, en traine, swept behind her- diamonds flashed on neck and fingers-and white, perfumery roses nestled in the glossy masses of satin-black hair. The rouge bloomed its brightest, the enamel-glit tered with alabaster dazzle, the almond eyes were longer, brighter, blacker than ever, and that peculiar' smile on her squirrel-shaped mouth was never so radiant before: . "You did not expect to see me, Mr Dantree, did you? You didn't know I have been in Castleford a whole week? And I've come for the wedding all the way from Paris. I crossed the Chan nel at the risklof expiring in the agonies SoL.aea-sckness, I braved this beastly r British'btimatiet I ava'biiled myeief alilvea whole week here, without a soul to speak to-all-to be present at Kathe rine Dangerfield's wedding, if-that wedding ever takes place." Mr Dantree looked at his watch, out wardly, at least, perfectly cool. "It will be an accomplished fact in a little over an hour, madame. And there is a good old adage about it's being well to wait till you're asked-wouldn't it have been better if you had remembered it? Your affection for Miss Dangerfield does credit to your head and heart, but I fear it is unreciprocated. She loves you as Old Nick loves holy water." "Nevertheless, I shall go to her wed ding. I told her so once, and I mean to keep my word, if-as I said before-that wedding ever takes place." " Will you be kind enough to ex plain?" He wa~s quite white, but braced to meet the worst. He looked at her stea dily between the eyes. She stood and returned that gaze smiling, silent, and with a devil glittering in each glitter ing eye. For Peter Dangerfield, he stood aloof and listened. " What a fortunatd fellow you are, Gaston Dantree," Mrs Vavasor said, after that short pause. "You are the very handsomest man, I think, I ever saw; you are the best singer of the operatic stage I ever heard; your man ners are perfect in their insolent ease; you are seven-and-twenty, a charming age; and you possess what so seldom goes with beauty, unhappily-brains. The world is your oyster, and you open it cleverly; you are a penniless Amerl canl adventurer, and a baronet's daugh ter, the heiress of eight thousand a year, is waiting at Scarswood to marry you to-night. Under what fortunate combination of the planets were you born, I wonder.. You don't love this young lady 'ou are going to marry; but love is an exploded idea-the stock-in trade of poets and novelists. People with eight lthousand a year can dispense with love; but where the bride and groom are both penniless-oh, well! that's another matter." "Mrs Vavasor, it is after six o'clock. Did you send for me to listen to a hom Ily? If so, having heard it, allow me to take my departure." "Don't he in a hurry, Mr Daultree there's no occasion. Seven o'clock will come, but I don't believe we'll have a wedding o-lnight, after all." "You have said that three times!" Gaston Dantree's eyes were growing stern, and his mouth was set in one thin, hard line. "The same thing re peated too often grows a bore. Be kind enough, if you minean anything, to tell mne what you mean." ;- "I wll. I mean this, my handsome Loulsianlan-that yotir brlde-elect-is no more a baronet's daughter-no more Sir John Dangerdtleld's helress--tlan I am!" 